This is the third part of a series. The characters in this story are totally fictitious. It is only fiction any correlation any real person alive or dead is purely happenstance.
*****
The two Pleasure enhanced women were discussing their lack of wardrobe. There enhanced "E" cup breasts would not fit in their tailored "A" cup sized blouses. Constance had two peasant's blouses that they fit into, although they looked quite risqué. The decision was made to make an hour drive to a distant Macy's store where anyone that would know them would be unlikely to be.I became lost in thought.
Why did Constance lactate and Beverley did not lactate? How could Pleasure fulfill the fantasies of the person it is applied to? Chemical compounds should give set results, not do individual things for individual people. These questions plague my mind. Like the mold changing pleasure's alcohol from CH3OH (wood alcohol) to one more akin to C9H16O2(whiskey). How did the mold alter it so much? What else about this root was I not aware of? This kind of thing is not unheard of in chemistry; aspirin was sold for decades before chemists understood how it worked. Aspirin was the most profitable pill ever invented. It was just synthesized acetylsalicylic acid, a very simple process. How could I make the results permanent without reapplication? All this was swirling inside my brain.
"What if they want to see my I.D. when I use my credit card?" Constance asked.
"Yes we look way different from our photos," Beverley said.
"Terrence, are you listening to me?" Constance asked. Constance shook my arm.
I came out of my thoughts, though I was aware of what the ladies were discussing.
"I just went to the DMV and replaced my license as if I had lost mine, my fingerprint is still the same," I said.
"That does not help us with purchasing clothes today," Constance said.
"I can always pay for the items with my card if you have trouble," I said.
"Ok, but we need a lot of clothes," Beverley said.
"I have a decent amount of unused credit on my card," I said.
"These blouses need underwear under them our nipples are showing through," Constance said.
"No they don't. You both look fantastic," I said.
"Okay you should wear a speedo swim suit to a store," Constance said.
"I do not own one, sorry," I said.
"We will buy you one today," Beverley said.
Finally the girls felt presentable and we were ready for the drive to the hour distant Macy's. We all piled into Constance's Mercedes, Constance was driving. Beverley was shotgun and I was in the back seat. We traveled north on 101 until we went east on highway 37. Of course there was traffic at Sears point. As usual for a summer Saturday there was a race of some sort. This added 25 minutes to our trip. When we reached the trail to look out at the bay Constance pulled over and parked. It was a gravel path that led out into the tulles. The trail had a small gravel parking lot for access. Once the car was parked Constance exited the car and opened the back door to get back in. She slides across the back seat.
"My breasts are starting to leak, Terrence. You need to suck them dry," Constance said.
She pulled her top down and I greedily sucked her milk laden boob. As I enjoyed the milk and Constance loved it. She cradled my head as I sucked her nipples. Some people were walking their dogs by the car. A woman in her seventies stopped and cleared her throat. The windows were darkly tinted, but it was still possible to see into the car. I thought the woman had noticed what we up to, but she walked on. The thrill of someone potentially catching us and the increased sensitivity of her nipples caused Constance to orgasm. Beverley being still linked with Constance once again followed suit. I sucked the other nipple and she climaxed again, Beverley did also. Once the enjoyable chore of breast drainage was handled Constance got behind the wheel again. We were on the road again. Soon we were approaching the north gate of Mare Island.
"I want you to see my lab. I need to get more products anyway," I said.
"Okay, direct me to it," Constance said.
I directed her to the lab. It was on the north end of the Island. We all got out of the car and we went into the lab. Beverley and Constance looked at my small lab and sparse living conditions. I could tell they did not approve of my digs.
"I had to sell my house in Danville to continue my research," I explained.
I showed them Bunigilia root. The mold was now purple. I decided to distill it to see what the change would be. I put some of it in water turned on a Bunsen burner to make a mash. It quickly simmered to break down the roots sugar. It would soon ferment. I put some jars of cream into a tote bag.
"I will have to come back in one to three days to run it through the still," I said.
"Ok but we need clothes," Beverley said
"I have a neighbor Elaine who lost her beach wear store and lives here across the street. She has some left over stock. She might have bikini tops that you can use for underwear," I said.
"You just suggested that?" Beverley said laughing.
"I know crazy, last thing I want is to cover your nipples. I just thought of what Constance would want," I said.
"Good idea, I appreciate you caring about how I feel," Constance said as she kissed me sweetly.
We went across the street to Elaine's and knocked on the door. Elaine answered the door. Elaine was another mid-fifties aged woman. She looked pretty old for her age. She wore her bleached blond hair shoulder length. She was in good shape. She was tall with a small chest. The sun during her beach life had taken its toll, her skin was quite wrinkled.
"Do you have any suits in my friend's sizes that I could buy?" I asked.
"I am sure I do. How did you get so young looking again?" Elaine asked.
"You are just asking after 2 years?" I asked.
"Yes, I didn't want to pry but I am dying to know," Elaine said.
"If you can help my friends, I will show you. I need get some things from the lab, I will be right back," I said.
Elaine led the girls into her store room and I went back to the lab. I grabbed the bag I had already packed. I returned just as Constance and Beverley were trying on two Ashley string bikinis. They looked fabulous in them. The two tops unpadded triangles looked like they would be perfectly revealing when wet.
"I want to keep it," Constance said.
"I want this one as well," Beverley said.
"Okay, the one piece ones are in those boxes. Go ahead have a look," Elaine said.
I put some perfume on Elaine's wrist.
"Do you like the smell?" I asked.
"Yes, I feel tingly," Elaine said as her eyes glazed over.
"First I want you to know Constance and Beverley are both 55 years old," I said.
"They look so young," Elaine said.
"My products will make you look young again, but there is a side effect that could make you sexually controlled by whoever puts the cream on you. You could end up my sex toy," I said
"Oh," She said.
"Do you want me to put the cream on you anyway?" I asked.
"Yes," Elaine said and the candor aspect of Pleasure made me confident it was so.
"Constance, can I put the cream on her?" I asked.
"Sure, go ahead," Constance said.
I rubbed the face cream on her neck and face, being careful not to get any on her hair.
"It tingles, oh it is making me wet," Elaine said the candor effect again.
Seven minutes later Elaine's face looked 30. She looked in the mirror.
"I can't believe it. I look so young," Elaine said.
"We need to go up to your roof patio to put on the rest of the creams. They are sun activated," I said.
"Okay," Elaine said.
"Have fun Terrence. Beverley and I are still shopping," Constance said.
"Make sure to give her the taste test," Beverley said slyly.
Elaine and I went up the stairs to the roof hatch. She turned the key in the pad lock and removed it. I opened the hatch. This hatch was designed to be used to access the roof to work on it. We stepped out onto the flat roof. She had set the rooftop up like a small living room. There was a wicker couch and two chairs all with burgundy colored outdoor cushions. The roof was tall and no other occupied buildings had a view onto it. Looking west you could see the fog starting to roll through the Golden Gate and over the bay. It would reach the island in a few hours, but the warm sun was still beaming onto the roof. This famous San Francisco fog is what flows through to make Napa valley wine so good.
"I need you to take off all your clothes," I said
"Okay," She said.I assumed the perfume and face cream making her susceptible to suggestion. As she started removing her clothes, I got out the breast cream. When she was nude, I saw her nipples were inverted. I put the cream onto her small breasts. I rubbed the cream on her nipples and some went into the voids on her nipple tips. I loved putting cream on breasts.
"I tingle and I am Cumming," Elaine said.
After a few minutes her breasts had grown. The cream had made her breasts "C" cups. Her nipples were now larger and no longer inverted. Her breasts were firm and perfect. I sucked one nipple into my mouth and sucked gently, she came immediately. I switched to the other nipple and she climaxed again.
"They are so sensitive," Elaine said.
"Can you turn around?" I asked.
She turned around and her bottom was a perfect candidate for the cellulite cream. I put the next cream on her bottom and the back of her thighs. She lay on her stomach on the couch. The sun activated the cream. The cream took a few minutes to work but it worked on Elaine just as well as the other women. It was quite interesting to see her skin smooth and tone in front of my eyes. Her bottom was young and firm again, it looked fabulous.
"Turn over so I can put the next cream on," I said. She rolled over onto her back.
"Are you seeing anyone?" I asked.
"No Mark dumped me," she said.I had heard that news already from a mutual friend.Mark was another neighbor who was an artisan glass blower. He was the reason Elaine had moved from Santa Cruz. The old coal shed was now divided into lofts and was a thriving artist community. Mark was a particularly arrogant artist in that community. His blown glass work was real impressive, however his demeanor was not. Some of his glassware rivaled what comes out of Italy. Elaine did not live in the coal shed, but she was quite the accomplished painter and artist in her own right.
I put the next cream on Elaine's arms, legs and stomach.
"That is a decision he will soon regret," I said.
The sun activated the skin tightening cream and in a few minutes her skin was tight. Her body looked great. I was in the presence of another photo-shoot worthy model. I rubbed the hair remover onto her legs, underarms and vagina. I set my phones timer for ten minutes.
"I need to get something to wash you off when it is done," I said.
I went down stairs to get a large bowl of warm water and a wash cloth. When I came back she was vibrating in sexual bliss. The sexual stimulation side effect was in full force. The timer was just going off. I wiped off her legs and rinsed the wash cloth off in the large bowl. I wiped under her arms and rinsed the cloth again. I wiped off her vagina and she was shook with another orgasm. I put the wash cloth down to give her the taste test.
"What are you doing?" she asked as my tongue parted her folds.
"Beverley said to give you the taste test," I said stopping to explain why I was licking her.
I went back to licking her sex. I licked her lips; they were full and protruded out of her gash. Her clitoris was like a small finger. I licked up the lips to her clitoris and then back to her urethra. Finally I just concentrated on her clitoris; I sucked it gently and nibbled it with my teeth. She bucked in orgasm and squirted.
"Have you ever squirted during orgasm before?" I asked.
"No, it was very intense," she said.
"Squirting orgasms seem to be a common side-effect," I said.
Constance and Beverley came up the stairs wearing different sexy string bikinis. Constance was wearing a black one and Beverley was wearing a red one. These bikinis had thongs for bottoms. They both looked incredible.
"We each found 4 suits we like," Beverley said.
"I can see she looks great, but have you tried any control tests yet?" Constance asked ever the scientist.
"My nipples, they stick out now, they used to be inverted, and they are so sensitive," Elaine said.
"Climax now Elaine," Beverley said. Elaine did not react.
"Climax now Elaine," Constance said. Elaine was wracked in orgasmic reaction. I scratched my head.
"How did you do that?" Elaine asked.
"Climax now Ladies," I said. All three women shuddered in orgasm.
"Terrence that was not fair," Constance said.
"I like making women happy," I said grinning happily.
"You are a Cad," Beverley said joking.She was never one to turn down a good climax.
"Are you going to super-size Elaine's breasts tomorrow?" Constance asked.
"Probably, what do you think?" I asked.
"I vote yes," Constance said.
"Okay, when I come back to run the still and synthesize the mash I will do it," I said.
"Get dressed Elaine, we will all go to Macy's," I said.
"Okay," Elaine said. She put on her panties and they did not fit well anymore. Her bottom was much more tone now. She tried her bra and no way would it fit. She pulled up her pants and put her button up shirt and buttoned it up. It was very tight and her nipples were making a bulge through it.
"Don't you want to wear a bra?" Constance asked.
"No, now that my nipples are normal I want them to be noticed," Elaine said.
Constance and Beverley put the peasant blouses and skirts back on over the bikinis. The bikinis served to somewhat conceal their nipples, but the nipples still made a slightly noticeable bump. I locked up the lab while the girls finished dressing. We all got into the Mercedes.
Twenty eight minutes later we were finally at Macy's. The store was not very busy. The ladies went right to lingerie and looked for new bras. The selection was quite good. The each selected various colors and styles. We went to the changing room and they tried them on. A sales lady came to assist us. Elaine was told to add another two cup sizes to hers by Beverley.
"Can I help you find anything?" she asked her name tag read Kathy. Kathy was about 23 and a very perky Asian woman. Her black hair was long and silky; it went down to the middle of her back. She was about an "A" cup.I wondered if the breast cream would work on her.Her cute Asian face and hard body would be made even better by larger breasts.
"I need to know what size dresses these ladies wear," I said.
Elaine and Constance were the same height and their hips were about the same size.I figured to buy Elaine the same size as Constance.Beverley was slightly taller than the other two. Kathy looked into the changing room.
"Come with me I will help you," Kathy said.
"I am not buying anything for Elaine," I said lying because I did not want to explain how her breasts would soon be enlarged tomorrow.
Kathy took me to the right clothing section. I started pulling off dresses in all the colors I thought would complement their skin tones. I took twelve back to the changing room to give to the ladies.
"Get us some panties, Terence. You will have to pay for them so we can put them on," Constance said.I was sorry that Beverley and Constance would be changing out of there thong bikini bottoms.
"Okay, Kathy can you help me, I need them for all three," I said.
Kathy led me to the panties section; I picked out three packages containing 5 French cut briefs in each one. Each package had panties of 5 different colors in them. Also, one three pack of multi-color thongs for each of them, not being one to give up easily. We went to the register and I purchased them. I took the panties to the three sexy ladies. I handed them through the curtain. They soon all had a pair of French cut ones on, not the thongs I would have preferred. Beverley opened the curtain to show them off. Constance was not happy about this. Elaine wanted to show hers to me as well as her bare breasts. Beverley and Constance were wearing bras they had yet to purchase.
"Give me the tags if you are keeping the bras," I said. Instead they just removed them and handed them to me. They handed me the rest of the Bras as well. Kathy was a little shocked.
"Come ring all these up for me," I said.
Kathy and I went back to the register.
"Who are these women to you?" Kathy asked.
"Constance is my soul mate. Beverley is her best friend and Elaine is my neighbor," I said.
"They sure do not mind showing their bodies to you," Kathy said.
"My products enhanced their bodies," I said.
'What did your products do?" Kathy asked.
"They are all 55 years old and before my products had "A" cup breasts," I said.
"They all look to be about 30,"Kathy said.
"Exactly my products are quite good," I said.
We went back to the changing area.
Kathy took the bras back into the changing booth. I went to pick out pants and blouses. I picked out two pullover tops, two button -up tops, two tank tops, and two pairs of slacks, two pairs of leggings and two pairs of jeans for each of them. I took them back to the changing area.
"Terrence, could New Life enhance Kathy?" Constance asked modeling a sexy a line dress.
"I do not know. Never tried just the breast cream before," I said.
"Can you go get some please?" Constance asked tossing me her electronic car key.
I went out to the car and retrieved the jar and came back into the store. When I got back to the women's department, they were done with their selections. Every item, I had picked out was being purchased by Constance. Constance pulled out her card. Kathy swiped it and it went right through. The total was just over two grand.
"Constance Becker, aren't you on the Board of directors of," Kathy asked.
"Yes I am," Constance said interrupting her before she mentioned the name of the company.
"I have seen your picture in Forbes and you look much younger now," Kathy said.
"Yes, when is your lunch break?" Constance
"I should take it now," Kathy said.
"Give me the cream Terrence," Constance said.
I handed her the jar. Kathy and Constance went in to the ladies room.
"Come on Terrence let's go have some fun in the changing room," Beverley said.
"What about Constance?" I said.
"We share everything. You can come to if you want Elaine," Beverley said.
"I want to see his enhanced penis," Elaine said.
Beverley led me to the very back changing booth. Elaine followed right behind us. Beverley took off her blouse and bra. Beverley's huge breasts were still amazing to me. Elaine followed suit removing her shirt and I started to suck all the nipples one after another. Beverley's large sensitive right nipple and then Elaine's sensitive nipple, they each had a climax while I was sucking. I sucked the left ones and they each came from the sensitivity once again.
"See if you can link Elaine and my orgasms," Beverley said.I remembered that Constance was already linked with Beverley.
"Whenever one of you climaxes so will the other," I said. Beverley took off her skirt and panties. Elaine did also. I took off my clothes.
"Tell him he cannot come, Elaine," Beverley said.
"You cannot Climax," Elaine said.
"Lay on the floor on your back," Beverley said.
I lay nude on the changing stall floor. The curtain did not reach all the way to the floor. It was possible to see our sex act if someone looked under the curtain. Beverley lowered herself on my face. I licked her sex.
"Ride that salami Elaine," Beverley said.
Elaine lowered herself onto my shaft. Elaine felt very tight as she enveloped my member. Elaine gasped as my fullness opened her tight hole.
"Mark who needs pompous Mark," Elaine said.
I continued to lick Beverley and she was noisily appreciating it.I wondered if she wanted to get caught.
"Be quieter Beverley, you will get us caught," Elaine said quietly yet urgently.
Beverly bit her hand in an effort to hush herself. Elaine rode up and down my shaft. She increased her tempo as her excitement built. Elaine's breath was quickening as she neared blissful release. Her legs raising and lowering her on my shaft, her protruding lips griping around my sex. Elaine soon shuddered in orgasm and she stifled a scream of her own. Beverley climaxed again also as she squirted.
"Now order him to climax Elaine," Beverley said.
"Come now, Terrence," Elaine ordered.
I emptied my balls into her womb and Elaine climaxed again, so did Beverley.
"Now lick your mess out of Elaine," Beverley ordered.
"How deliciously naughty," Elaine said.
Beverley and Elaine switched places. I licked my Pleasure flavored semen out of Elaine.
"Get hard now for me Terrence," Beverley said as she climaxed with a squirt for no apparent reason. Elaine squirted in her mystery climax also.
My soldier came to attention at her command. She lowered onto my master sergeant.It was extremely exciting to know someone could pull back the curtain at any time and catch us in our primal acts.As I licked Elaine she had another orgasm and squirted fluid out of her urethra, Beverley did as well. Beverley slammed up and down on me, her vaginal lips gripping my erect shaft. Her breath growing ever more labored.
"Climax now Terrence," Beverley said.
I shot a load into Beverley.
"Lick it out now," Beverley said.
Beverley took Elaine's place on my face. I licked Beverley cleaning her out and causing her to squirt once again. Elaine had a squirting orgasm also. We all got dressed and went to find Constance.
"What have you been doing? I climaxed five unexpected times while in the bathroom with Kathy," Constance said.
"Sorry I forgot we were still linked," Beverley said.
"Terrence did you forget?" Constance asked.
"No I remembered and Beverly asked me to link Elaine as well," I said smiling.
"That was not fair," Constance said acting sore.
"You know you love it," I said.
"You know I do Terrence," Constance said as she kissed me.
"Look at Kathy," Beverley said.
Kathy had a much larger chest. Her shirt was quite tight and it was obvious she was no longer wearing a bra. It probably would no longer fit.
"You want me to buy you a new brassiere Kathy?" I asked.
"Would you please," Kathy said.
"If you let me pick it out," I said.
"You have good taste in clothes so go ahead," Kathy said.
I went to the bra section and found a deep purple "C" cup brassiere. I brought it back and gave it to Kathy. The color looked good against her skin.
"Do you want me to model it for you?" Kathy asked.
"Yes if you want to," I said.
Kathy went into the changing area and left the curtain open. She removed her blouse and turned to show me her new boobs. Her breasts were lovely and her conical nipples were incredibly puffy. They looked delicious.
"Do you want to suck my nipples, Terrence?" Kathy asked.
"Yes I would love too," I said.
I entered the changing booth and sucked her tender nub into my mouth. She moaned sweetly as I bit gently on its tip, savoring the feel of her nubile cone in my mouth. She shuddered as Pleasure caused her to climax.
"I can't believe how sensitive they are," Kathy said.
I sucked the other one and she climaxed again. She put the bra on and it looked awesome on her. She took the tag off of it and handed it to me.
"This blouse will not fit over your new bra," I said.
"I know why these ladies like to show you their bodies," Kathy said smiling contently.
"I will go get a white blouse for her," Constance said.
Constance left and came back with a white blouse similar to Kathy's. However, it was a much more expensive brand than Kathy's. Kathy put it on and it looked good on her.
She took that tag off and I held on to that one as well.
Once Kathy was dressed and her Macy's name tag was back on, she went to the cash register with me and rung up the two items. Constance followed and insisted on paying for the items. I was thankful she wanted to buy the clothes for Kathy.
"Thank you Constance," Kathy said as she came around to kiss Constance on the lips.
"You will need one more maintenance application in six months," I said as I handed her a card.
"Time to head for home Terrence," Constance said.
We gathered the girls and toted the bags to the Mercedes. Constance used her remote to open the trunk. We put all the purchases into the trunk. We all got in. Constance and Beverley were in the front seat. Elaine and I were in the back seat. Constance drove out of the parking lot.
"Did you make Kathy lick your vulva, Constance," Beverley asked.
"Yes and she obviously had experience using her tongue," Constance said.
"I knew it, I climaxed when you did," Beverley said.
"Is that why you climaxed for no reason, Beverley," Elaine said.
"Yes, we are all linked by Terrence," Beverley said.
"I want to play a game to pay him back," Constance said.
"What is that?" Beverley asked.
"Nude male clothed females," Constance said as she pulled off on Red Top road. She pulled into a small parking lot in front of the dairy.
"Strip Terrence, you will ride the rest of the way naked," Constance ordered.
"Wait I can't do that, I might get in trouble," I said.
"If you want to climax ever again, take them all off," Beverley said.
I took off all my clothes and Constance put them into the trunk. Then she got back behind the wheel and got back on 80.
"Get hard for me, but you cannot climax," Constance said. My cock was quickly hard.
Elaine decided to play with my penis. Constance adjusted the mirror to night to be able to watch. Elaine stroked me and her hand was soft. A CHP motorcycle went by in the lane next to us, but he did not notice my naked predicament. I was relieved.
When we reached the turn onto 37 by Six Flags, Constance asked Elaine, "Do you want to hang out with us till Sunday?"
"Sure, what are we going to do?" Elaine asked.
"Put Terrence through his paces of course," Beverley said.
Beverley's phone rang and she answered.
"Hello this is Beverley," Beverley said as she put the phone on speaker.
"Hello Beverley, This is Calvin," the phone said.
"Calvin, how are you," Beverley said.
"I have been better. I am kind of lost since Edie died," Calvin said.
"I know love, but it will get better," Beverley said.
"I am flying into San Francisco tomorrow," Calvin said.
"Okay, do you need a ride from the airport," Beverley asked.
"That would be Ace," Calvin said.
"When is your flight due?" Beverley asked.
"11:30 at gate G 99," Calvin said.
"See you then Calvin," Beverley said.
"See you then, cheers" Calvin said as he hung up.
"Who is Calvin?" I asked.
"He is the Duke of Idle-burgh," Beverley said.
"Is he a Royal?" Elaine asked.
"Yes, dear and we played together as children. My family is from the house of Suffix," Beverley said.
"You are a Royal also?" Elaine said.
"Yes but I am well away from being a Lady," Beverley said.
"He married someone else?" Constance asked.
"Yes, he wanted the Duke title more than anything," Beverley said.
"So he had to marry well to ensure he was made Duke?" I asked.
"Yes and Edie was in line to be Lady of Idle. Calvin was from the house of Tudor but well out of being in line for anything. So Edie was his only chance to be Duke," Beverley said.
"Did you love him?" Constance asked.
"Yes I did. I thought I told you about this," Beverley said.
"No, I am sorry he broke your heart," Constance said.
"That is why I came to the states," Beverley said.
"He must have regrets to be coming to see you now," I said.
"He claims he just wants to see San Francisco," Beverley said.
"Balderdash, Pleasure will sort it out tomorrow though," I said.
"I hoped you would be willing to help," Beverley said.
"You knew he would," Constance said.
"I know," Beverley said.
"This game is getting boring, Elaine take off all your clothes," Constance said.
"What?" Elaine said.
"I know you are an exhibitionist. Pleasure reveals secrets like this to people who are imprinted together," Constance said.
"Are you going to lock them in the trunk?" Elaine asked.
"Of course, don't you want me to?" Constance asked.
"Yes I do," Elaine said.
Elaine took off all her clothes and Constance pulled off at Skaggs Island road to put them in the trunk. She got back behind the wheel and headed towards Sears Point.
"Are you enjoying being nude you two," Beverley asked. It was just starting to about to get dark.
"Yes I am," I said although they already could sense my excitement from it.
"Oh yes," Elaine said. The seat belt was separating Elaine's breasts, her nipples on display brazenly.
"Pull off in San Rafael I have an Idea," Beverley said. I looked out towards the bay and the sun was red and setting.
"What is it?" Constance said.
"Remember the park we used to take our kids to?" Beverley asked.
"Yes, Dandy park," Constance said.
"I think Elaine and Terrence should do some nude swinging," Beverley said.
"It gets pretty quiet there after dark, but some people might be walking there at night," Constance said.
"I know isn't it exciting," Beverley said.
"I will keep the car running just in case," Constance said
Elaine and I just looked at each other. I could sense that she was really excited about doing it. I knew I wanted to. We pulled up to Dandy Park and the swings were well off the parking lot. The park had a mosaic wall showing its name. The park was only supposed to be used dawn to dusk. I was totally dark now, but the park was lit by antique inspired lights. I was getting nervous.
"I will go check it out, if it is ok I will call," Beverley said. She got out and walked into the park. When she reached the swings she called. Constance picked up.
"Hello Beverley," Constance said.
"Okay I will send them," Constance said.
"Terrence and Elaine go to the swings and swing 5 times before you come back," Constance said.
The path to the swings was well lit, and houses looked onto the park. Elaine and I hurried down the path. Beverley passed us on her way back to the car.It was thrilling to be nude in a public park, yet very scary.We rushed to the swings and got on swinging 5 times rapidly. Then we got off the swing and ran back to the car. Elaine's boobs were bouncing as she ran. When I pulled the door handle Constance had locked the car.
"This is not funny, let us in," I said.
"Terrence bend Elaine over the hood and give her ten proper spankings, and then we will let you both in," Beverley said.
Elaine bent her stomach over the Mercedes her upturned bottom exposed. I spanked Elaine with my bare hand and Elaine moaned.
"No, Elaine you must count them, start over," Beverley said.
I spanked Elaine again both of us naked in a quiet San Rafael neighborhood park's parking lot.
"One," Elaine counted.I was very concerned about being caught and forever listed as a sex offender.I struck her again.
"Two," Elaine counted. I swatted Elaine's now perfect ass again.
"Three," Elaine said as a porch light came on from the house across the street. I spanked Elaine again.
"Four," Elaine counted. Her inner thigh glistened with her leaking moisture.
A 50 something year old woman walked from the house across the street. She walked right up to Constance's window and Constance rolled it down.
"What is going on here?" the woman asked.
"Hello Cheryl," Constance said.
"Hello Constance," Cheryl said as she quickly surmised the situation. I spanked Elaine again.
"Five," Elaine counted.
"Stop, I want to spank them both," Cheryl said.
"Yes that would be wonderful. Terrence you will bend over the car next to Elaine," Constance said.
"The rest of the way to Ten Cheryl, five more," Beverley said.
Cheryl took off her wide leather belt and slapped my bottom with it.
"Six," I said. The belt hurt a lot, but it was very erotic.
She swatted Elaine.
"Six," Elaine said. Cheryl smacked me again.
"Seven," I said as the stinging blow landed. Cheryl swatted Elaine.
"Seven," Elaine said. Cheryl swatted my behind again.
"Eight," I counted. Cheryl struck Elaine's rump and she climaxed. Constance and Beverley being linked to Elaine both climaxed again.
This went this way until we finally reached 10. She hit the unlock button. I heard the servo unlock the door and we ran to get to the back of the car. I pulled the rear door open. I jumped into the back seat and Elaine was right behind me.
"Did you two like your naked foray?" Beverley asked.
Out of breath we both just shook our heads, yes.
"You and Beverley look fantastic what happened?" Cheryl asked.
"We used some New Life Cosmetics and I want you and Roger to call me about scheduling a couple's consultation," Constance said. Constance handed her a New Life card.
"Who is Terrence Grier?" Cheryl asked.
"You just spanked him. Did you notice the size of his erection?" Constance said.
"God yes, it is huge," Cheryl said.
"That is only one thing that New Life can do for Roger. Give me a call," Constance said.
"Will they make me look young?" Cheryl asked.
"Yes you and Roger will both look and feel young again," Constance said.
"I will call you Monday," Cheryl said.
"Goodbye, Cheryl," Constance said.
Constance drove out of the neighborhood and back onto Sir Frances Drake Boulevard.
"Let's go through a drive through and get dinner," Constance said.
"Yes Taco Bell would be nice," Beverley said.
Constance drove to Taco Bell. The young Latina girl working the register was cute. When she handed the tacos and drinks, Constance turned on the interior car lights. This made it possible to see through the tinted windows. The clerk was shocked to see two nude people in the backseat. When she saw my hard ten inches, I thought I saw her nipples harden through her shirt in the dimly lit window. We pulled away and went to Constance's house...