Note from the Author: You might want to start by reading part one if you haven't already, for important plot background.
I stood outside VIP room number two at Maryam, Washington's most exclusive gentlemen's club. In a few moments the door would open and I would be giving a private show for my boyfriend, Max, who wasn't expecting me to be there and didn't even know I was working as a stripper. I doubted he would even recognize me. I was wearing a very tight silver lamé halter dress, elbow-length gloves and a glittery pink boa. The dress was very low cut with a floor-length slit skirt. I had nothing on underneath except a pair of silver fishnets and six-inch heels. The combination of the heels and long skirt made my legs look endless. The dress was flattering, hugging my relatively narrow waist and swelling over my hips and breasts. I wasn't used to going without a bra, and the dress was so tight and low that my breasts spilled out the top. My nipples were clearly visible through the painted-on material.
I shifted one stockinged leg forward through the slit, swiped the key card, and opened the door. I didn't see anyone there except for two black men sitting at a bar. I recognized one of them as PT, a top NFL safety/tabloid sensation. His companion was a well-dressed, distinguished looking gentleman who looked to be in his fifties. There was no sign of Max.
"Oh yeah, that's what I'm talking about!" PT exclaimed. "Come in and spend some time, baby, take your clothes off, get comfortable."
"Oh, gosh…." I stammered, smiling apologetically and losing my sense of composure. "I'm really sorry, sir, there must be some mistake, I was expecting someone else…"
The men laughed.
"It's ok, darling," Said the older man, in nicotine-smooth baritone. "You were probably expecting Prince Charming, right?"
I giggled nervously and blushed, slowly backing away. "In a manner of speaking. Look, I'm really sorry, guys…"
"Wait!" Said the older man, as he walked to the door. I thought about closing the door and running, but I was too afraid. He stood in the doorway, and looked at me with warm, slightly weary eyes.
"Please, let me apologize for my friend PT. He shouldn't have started up with the 'hey baby.' He has tremendous physical gifts, but he sorely lacks the social graces. I am his agent and his friend. I try to help him cope with the pressure of being one of the highest paid players in sports by getting him out every once in a while. He's really shy and is not good at talking to women…."
"Not true, not true!" Exclaimed PT. "Do not listen to him. I got game on the field and off. Stone player. You'll realize that once you get to know me, baby."
The older man glanced back and gave PT a disapproving look.
"Will you let me have a word with the young lady, please, can I do that?"
PT shrugged.
"I'm trying to apologize for your rude behavior, can I do that?" The older man said, as he winked at me.
"Don't even try." Said PT. "She too young for you."
"An old man can dream, though, can't he?" He smiled. "Listen, young lady…we are just looking for some company and some conversation. We asked for you because my friend here loved your show and was quite taken with you. It would mean an awful lot to him if you'd give him a chance to show that he's not such a bad guy. By the way I'm Henry," he said extending his hand. "And I take it you know who PT is. What is your name…?"
"Princess." I said, shaking his hand.
"Of course you are."
I looked around nervously. The VIP room was set up like a spacious boudoir, with a fully stocked bar along one side, a massive video screen on the other, and various lounge chairs, sofas, and recliners in between. The far wall was made entirely of glass, and gave a spectacular view of the stage. I realized that the reflection I saw in the one-way mirror was the same image they saw in this room, that they got to see the longing expressions, the teasing, and the masturbation scenes that had been meant for Max.
It was too late to find Max, this much I knew. If he was even in the club, I didn't' know how I'd find him. The whole place was set up to give people their privacy. There was nothing left to do but go home, but I didn't think I would be able to simply walk away. The house would probably lose a lot of money. I wanted to leave, but I realized that the only way I was going to get to go home was if I could convince these men to let me go.
"Please, sir, there's been a mistake…I'm really new at this. I'm not very good at this and I don't want you to be disappointed. I'm really sorry. Is it ok if you choose another girl?"
"Well, I guess so…." Henry said, looking a bit confused.
I stood there for a minute, feeling bad about disappointing these men, feeling like a fraud, and regretting I had come at all.
"Listen, my dear. Would you join us for just one drink? We've already paid for your time and we liked the show so much we even paid a $2000 tip in advance. You don't look like the kind of person who really cares about the money, and I don't really care either, but I think the club would be happier if you came in for a minute. If you join us for one drink we could call it even…does that sound ok to you?"
I smiled. "Ok," I said.
We had a drink and I started to feel better about things. PT seemed a little shy around me, and he kept complementing me on my "moves." I realized, to my astonishment, that he was awkwardly trying to flirt with me. Despite his thuggish reputation, he seemed schoolboyish and harmless to me. Henry was a perfectly charming host, making me drinks and telling stories from his younger years. He had apparently had his heart broken quite a few times, although I sensed, beneath the self-deprecating humor, that he had broken a few hearts himself. He told me I reminded him of his greatest college crush. He described her as a pretty, vivacious blonde cheerleader who only dated football players. He told me that he began his career as a sports agent as a way to try and impress her, and ended up representing her future husband, an NFL quarterback.
I realized that both men were attracted to me, to the tune of thousands of dollars. I was able to be for these men what I wanted to be for Max. They treated me as if I were the unattainable ideal, the Homecoming Queen who wouldn't talk to them in college, the sex goddess for whom they had to pay for the privilege of her company. I say this not to sound conceited. Believe me, I knew that outside of the world of sex clubs and VIP rooms I was just a short, plain girl whose clothes never fit her. That night, however, I felt sexy and flattered by the attention from a celebrity. I flirted shamelessly, and I was enjoying myself.
Later Gayle, Henry's lady friend, joined us. She was a beautiful dark-skinned black woman who looked to be in her thirties. She exuded class, and warmed to me even though I looked like a tramp in my silver lamé dress. She seemed very comfortable hanging out with a stripper in a gentlemen's club, and I wondered if she hadn't done some of this work herself.
The next show started, and the four of us sat together on a sofa that faced the stage. The view was spectacular. I blushed to think how close I must have been when I played with myself onstage. This show featured a petite but very sexy and powerful Asian woman who blindfolded and tied up a buff, dark haired man. As she teased and tortured him, I could feel the tension in our room start to mount. Gayle and Henry started making out in front of us, feeling each other up. I stole glances at PT, wondering if he was getting turned on too. He was a giant of a man: at least 6'5", 250, solid muscle. I wondered what he looked like naked. He caught my eye and smiled.
"Do you like this?" I asked.
"It's alright. You were better."
"Really?"
"Oh hell yeah."
"What did you like about my performance?"
"You just knew how to move. You got those curves, girl, and you know how to work them! I couldn't take my eyes off you. You the sexiest fucking girl here, period."
I blushed a bit.
"So why did you ask me here?" I asked with an impish smile. "Did you want to see a private show?"
"Why?" He said with a grin. "You gonna give me one?"
"Sir!" I said, giving him a playful shove. "I'm just here to have a drink!"
"Well hows about a topless drink?"
"PT where are your manners?" Henry exclaimed. "Excuse us, Princess."
"Seriously, PT, don't you know how to treat a lady?" Said Gayle.
"Sorry." Said PT. Then he turned to me and repeated his apology softly, with a slightly embarrassed look on his face.
After the show, Henry and Gayle left, and I decided it time for me to go too. I thanked PT for the pleasure of his company and apologized for having to leave him alone.
He turned to look directly in my eyes.
"Yo, on the real, thanks for coming here, Princess." He said with a sweet smile.
I leaned forward and kissed him. "PT, deep down I think you're a genuinely nice guy. Thanks for being you."
"Sure." He said. "But before you go, can you just show me your titties?"
"There you go again!" I said playfully. "Why'd you have to go and ruin the moment?"
"Oops, my bad. See what happens when I go and open my big mouth."
I was feeling happy, and a little tipsy at this point, and I was enjoying the power I seemed to have over this gentle giant.
"I could, maybe, let you see a little more." I said. "Only if you promise to behave yourself"
"Oh I promise." He said, smiling. "Show me them tits and I'll do anything you say baby."
"Uh-uh. Not if you're gonna ask like that."
"Please, babay, at least show me a little leg?"
"If you want to see more, sir, then be a gentleman about it. Ask me nicely and I may just consider it."
He laughed and got down on one knee.
"Oh beautiful blonde baby girl, will you please do this man the honor of showing him those fine, fine legs that are God's gift to men." He said, with such disarming sincerity that I couldn't help but laugh.
"Well, ok sir." I said. "I'll show you my legs, but you have to promise me something."
"Anything."
"No touching, understood?"
"Understood!"
He walked over to the bar, fixed a drink, and put on a hip-hop mix. I sat smiling nervously until he sat down sideways on a chaise across from me. Looking in his eyes, I took a sip of his drink and placed it on the table next to him, leaning in real close. I started to sway to the music. I had done the "leg show" may times in front of a crowd, but it felt really different to do a private show. Backing away from him, I lifted my skirt, exposing one leg up to the knee, and then the other leg. Then I lifted it a little higher, and a little higher still, until I was showing an expanse of leg that stretched from my towering glass slippers to above the tops of my fishnets, a creamy stretch of naked thigh that went all the way up to my crotch.
I turned away from him and lifted up the skirt from behind, swaying and thrusting my ass out, showing off both legs at once. Slowly, I revealed more and more until I was giving him little flashes of my ass. Behind me I could feel his presence like a flame that burned hotter the closer I got. I backed up, lifting and thrusting and swaying to the music, until I was just an inch or two in front of his knee. Bending forward, I backed up over his leg, taking care not to let my exposed skin touch his thickly muscled thigh. I flapped the skirt behind me, giving him a peek-a-boo view of my ass. Then I did a little "ass dance" that I often did in the club, thrusting and bucking as if I was trying desperately to ask him to fuck me, and this were my only form of communication.
I felt his fingers graze the back of my thigh. Pivoting, kicking my leg over his thigh, I turned to face him with smoldering eyes.
"I'm sorry, baby!" He said with a mischievous grin. "It was an accident!"
"Bullshit!" I said. I held his chin and leaned close to him, a little scared but fully in charge. "Touch me again and I'll call security!"
"Alright."
I stood over him, my tits practically in his face.
"Mmm," I said cupping them. "My tits are so sensitive. If you promise to be a good boy I'll touch them for you. Do you promise to keep your hands to yourself?"
"Yes, ma'am."
I did a slow, nasty striptease. There wasn't really much to take off, just the dress, so I made the most of it. I spent a good amount of time peeling the top of the dress off and slowly, torturously wriggling out of it. I turned to face him, my naked tits bouncing as I moved to the music. I cupped them in my hands, lovingly lifting them up towards him, bending forward. I sat down next to him on the chaise, lay on top of his lap, and crossed by arms, pushing my tits against my chin and smiling at him coquettishly.
Then I lay there on my back and engaged in a long, drawn-out bout of breast play. I shook them and jiggled them, scooping them in my hands. I pulled at my nipples circled them with my moistened fingers. I brought each nipple to my mouth, licking until they were achingly erect. They were so sensitive, and I was so turned on at this point, that any little touch sent chills throughout my body. I sat up and shook them from side to side. I bounced up and down on the chair, smiling sweetly as my tits bounced for him.
I spread my legs wide, giving him an unobstructed view of my waxed pussy, which was glistening by now. As I cupped my breast and licked my nipple, I reached down and started to rub my cunt. I tried to avoid touching my swollen clit directly, but the pressure all around it built up a slow, yearning ache. I slid a finger inside myself, then two. He watched me as I played with myself. Flushed with desire, our eyes locked.
As boyish and shy as he was, he was also a ripped and handsome giant of a young black man, and a famous physical specimen. Whether he knew it or not, he could probably have any girl he wanted. I couldn't believe that he wanted me, and that I was calling the shots. I sat on his lap, leaned close to him and looked at him through slit eyes, cupping my breasts. I felt drawn to him, as if by magnetism. I had forgotten all about Max by now. I wanted this man more than I had wanted anyone ever before. I would have attacked him if I had known what to do with him. I had never been with a man, and didn't yet know how to please by touch, but I knew how to give a lap dance.
I cupped my breasts just inches from his face and licked my own nipples as I looked in his eyes, wanting him so much but unsure about how to proceed. Looking up pleadingly, I bent over him and swung my breasts right over his package, my nipples gently brushing his fly. I could feel the heat coming up from his engorged cock. I had never seen one before, and desperately felt that the time was ripe.
"Sir, would you like me to…undress you?" I asked, flushed with shyness and lust.
He smiled. "I don't know baby, you might have to touch me to do that."
I giggled. "I know, and it's ok. I'm giving myself permission."
"Oh really," he said, stony-faced. "And what if I said no?"
"But you're not." I said, gingerly removing his cap. "Are you."?
"Yes I am!" He said angrily. "Are you listening to me?"
I felt a rush of disappointment. Hurt, I looked up at him but I could see nothing but disdain. I started to choke up. I felt like a complete and utter fool. I turned to go and he grabbed me around my waist and shoulders. I gasped and tried to push out of his grasp, but he effortlessly lifted me and folded me into his arms. I held on to him tightly, sobbing.
"Shhh, don't cry now. Look, I didn't mean to snap at you, but you just weren't listening. You know I'm saying?"
I couldn't answer him or even look at him. I just wanted to disappear. I couldn't tell him what I was really feeling, that I was crushed that he could have refused me, that the control I had over him turned out to be an illusion. I felt like I had gone from goddess to groupie in just a few short words.
"Listen baby, I didn't mean to snap at you, but think about it. How would you react if I started taking your clothes off without asking you? I mean, damn, maybe I'm a little shy, baby, you ever think about that?"
Now I felt like he was being disingenuous. I looked him in the eye, witheringly, through tears. He looked back guilelessly. I suddenly felt a little ashamed, but also relieved. Objectifying him as I objectified myself, I expected him gamely to play along as the big black sex-crazed stud. But maybe he was just a guy who got off on watching hot girls get naked. This totally fit with his personality, what I knew about him so far.
"I'm sorry," I said softly. "I think I just overreacted."
"You think?"
That made me laugh. I apologized for killing the mood.
He looked at me like I was crazy. "Killed the mood. Girl, you IS the mood! I mean, damn, you had me going back there!"
"You liked that?"
"Oh hell, yeah."
"But that's not fair!" I said, laughing. "I want to see you naked too!"
"I can do that," He said, doing a slow-jam dance. "See, the only reason I didn't want you to take off the clothes cause I wanted to take off the clothes for you, do a little peep-show strip-show, my very own Chippendales routine."
He flung off his cap and took off his jacket, rotating his hips with a goofy look. He looked ridiculous. I was laughing my ass off.
"Ok, ok, ok. I'm sorry for pre-empting your Chippendales routine!" I said.
"Seriously, girl, it ain't that." He said sheepishly. "It's just that sometimesIlike to be in control. I mean, I'm a paying customer, right?"
"That's right."
"And you be working for me just for this little while, right?"
"Yes, that's right. You're right sir."
"Alright then." He looked at me, with desire and longing. "Now get up here, baby girl, and sit on big daddy lap."
I crawled onto his lap, and snuggled up against him, pressing my face against his chest, and looked up at him with my big brown eyes. I felt tiny and vulnerable curled up naked against him, but I also felt comfortable, protected. Encircling his tree trunk-like waist in my arms, I lifted my face to him.
"Sir?" I asked meekly. "What wouldyoulikemeto do?"
He smiled widely. "Take my clothes off."
"Yes sir!" I said, giggling.
I unbuttoned his shirt and slid it off of his bull neck and massive shoulders. Then I climbed down and undid his belt, opened his fly, and took off his pants. He wore a tight pair of boxer-briefs under which his cock bulged unmissably, curling sideways over his hip. I folded his clothes and laid them down on a pool table and turned to him. He was lying on his back, regally awaiting my service.
I walked over and crawled on top of him, and explored his granite-like chest with my tiny hands, tracing his chiseled contours. I'd never seen a man like this up close. He was a masterpiece, perfect, powerful, and equine. I wanted to see his cock so badly it hurt. I wanted to touch it, feast on it, impale myself on it, ride it. I wanted to make myself come while on top of him caressing his muscles. I wanted to do all those things, but I didn't now how. I looked at him imploringly. He grinned and stroked my hair affectionately then looked out through the one-way glass.
"Look, show time!" He said, as he sat up and sat me down on his lap.
I turned and saw that another show was about to go on. The curtain rose to reveal what looked like a high tech dungeon, with a four-foot tall chrome-barred cage in the middle of the floor, with a bank of large video screens forming a backdrop. A girl wearing only a collar was kneeling in the cage. She was a young, petite and pretty redhead.
"Master!" She cried, imploringly. "Master! Your slut is waiting for you! Your slut wants you to punish her with your big cock! Please, Master, please use your slut!"
The DJ cued up some trance music and a tall, lithe, dark man in a leather jacket entered stage right. Behind him crawled a naked blonde with big, surgically enhanced breasts. She climbed on top of the cage and the man attached her by the elbows and knees to the chrome countertop by metal cuffs, so that she was facedown on all fours with her ass in the air. He proceeded to flog her and penetrate her with various metallic objects, at one point flipping her over to torture her tits.
I spent most of my time transfixed on a monitor that carried a close-up view of the redhead. Every time the man approached the cage, she would thrust her head through the bars like a hungry bird, trying to take his cock in her mouth. As he worked on the blonde, she would stretch her neck and look up at him beseechingly, begging loudly for his cock. He would then slowly lean in, so she could rub her nose, cheeks, and lips against him. The camera caught the subtlety of communication between the two actors. As she rubbed her face against him, he would glance down giving little signals with his eyes, and she respond, either by slowing down and teasing or by attacking him more aggressively.
Slowly, as he punished the blonde, he began to move in closer and closer, so the redhead was able to swirl her tongue around the head of his cock, and eventually lick down onto the shaft. Every time he gave her a little more of his cock, she thanked him vociferously. There was continuous eye contact back and forth between the two of them, and the looks they shared were often approving, even adoring. He was getting fantastically hard, and she began to take him inside her mouth with deep swallows. I could see her cheeks hollow as she sucked him, and then her tongue dart out, caressing his shaft as she released him.
I watched with rapt attention, and I felt PT get harder and harder underneath me. He started to fondle my tits from behind, and between that and the show I was watching, I started to get really, really wet. I began to rub myself against him.
Onstage, the redhead was deep throating her Master, sucking him for all she was worth, drawing the come out of his heavy balls. The chained blonde was writhing, face-up on the table, with nipple clamps and metal rings squeezing her big tits, as the man thrust a double-headed dildo into her ass and cunt. The redhead got down on all fours, thrusting her ass back toward the man, begging him for his cock. Then she played with herself while he fucked her ass, leaning in to lick the supine blonde's pussy. The redhead came, and as the blonde was starting to have her second orgasm, the man pulled out of the redhead, and she turned around and got back down on her knees so he could jerk off and come on her face.
As the curtain closed I looked up at PT's impassive face, unable to hide the fact that I was flushed and horny.
"Sir, what would you like me to do?" I asked.
"Take off my drawers."
"Yes please!" I exclaimed, a little too eagerly. "I mean, thank you sir!" I added, blushing.
I bent over his lap. Taking the boxer-briefs by the waistband, I pulled them over his hard ass and massive thighs. Carefully, I stretched the elastic up over the tip of his cock, careful not to touch it. The head was the size of a plumb, a perfect monstrosity. Freed from its tight confines, his baton-like shaft just slid out from underneath the shorts coming to rest perfectly upturned on his belly. I pulled the shorts down his legs and off over his ankles. Timidly, I knelt at his feet. His balls, now hanging between his legs in plain view, looked incongruously small next to his erect cock. The few dicks I had seen previously in the flesh had been limp, and had belonged to teenage boys. I remembered them to be smaller than the scrotums. These balls looked meaty and substantial, but their sack seemed like it was drawn tight around the thick base of his shaft, and looked merely subsidiary to its ostentatious delivery system. The flesh of his scrotum was a burnt chocolate color, almost black. The shaft itself was also very dark at the base, although the huge vein underneath was redder in color. Halfway up, the shaft flared out and took on a richer, ebony hue. It was ringed by several coal-black folds of skin about three quarters of the way up, and revealed an inch of smooth, milk-chocolaty skin just beneath the lighter crown and bulbous purple-brown head.
The skin of his cock was taut, swollen, and every square millimeter seemed to pulse with hot-blooded yearning. It's state looked something like the state of my clit, but it was hard to compare my hidden, jewel-like nub to his truncheon-like appendage. Seeing it made me understand why flashing was so invasive to its victims, because the sight of it was so all-consuming. Even forewarned, I was shocked by its presence, and felt implicated by it. In its primed state, the man's cock just flooded my senses, and seemed to charge the negative space around it. No matter where I looked it remained the focus of my undivided attention. In the state of arousal in which I found myself, as attracted to this man as I was, I was hopelessly drawn to it.
I looked up at him questioningly, hoping to receive some guidance. Like the rest of him, his cock, by virtue of its power and girth, just didn't seem made for a girl of my size and inexperience. He just smiled at me.
"Sir," I asked meekly "may I touch it?"
"Yes, you can. But only with your face."
I gulped. "Ok." I said,
I felt a little unsure of what he wanted me to do, and what I would be able to do. I would have loved nothing better than to indulge my curiosity by just exploring his cock. Feeling inspired, I turned my examination into a little display of cock-worship. Smiling, I gazed at it in animated wonderment as I leaned in towards it. The heat I had felt emanating from increased as I closed the distance to less than an inch. My face felt exposed and excruciatingly sensitive to its attractive power.
I looked up at him with puppy-dog eyes and gently brushed my cheek against his penis. I was surprised at how soft the skin felt as I brought more and more of my face in contact with the organ, savoring its texture. This was a new kind of exhibitionism for me. It was product placement. I made his black cock look powerful and it made me look sexy. I could tell he was enjoying watching me rub my milky young face, kittenlike, against his turgid, brutal-looking sex organ.
In a breathy whisper, I asked him if I could kiss his cock and he nodded. I pursed my lips, making my mouth look tiny, and brushed them against his cock. Slowly, I covered every square inch with soft, butterfly kisses while I blew on it between my lips. I widened my mouth only slightly and rubbed my lips up and down the sides of his shaft. He tasted like sweat, slightly bitter, but the warm meaty girth of his cock was irresistible to me. I wanted to taste more of him. As my mouth passed over the sides of his shaft, I flicked the tip of my tongue against him. I began to lick up and down, with tiny little licks. I could feel his cock expand, and the little folds at the end were stretched tightly now.
"Don't stop, that feels amazing." He said.
"Yes sir." I said "I mean, no sir I won't."
I licked his cock up and down like a popsicle, looking up at him and smiling girlishly. He began talking dirty to me, at one point tenderly calling me his slut as if that were the sweetest term of endearment. I think I must have given him a shocked expression when he called me called me that, because I had never thought of myself as a slut. I wanted to be his slut, though, and it turned me on when he called me that, so I tried to act the slut, licking and hungrily slurping his cock up and down. I would constantly look up at him, and he would look down at me approvingly, all the while talking dirty to me. I asked him if I could touch it with my hands. He asked me to beg, and you had better believe I begged.
I cautiously encircled it in my hand, and began stroking my first cock. It felt like buttery young leather pulled taut over a shaft of soft coal. I lifted it in both hands, savoring its meaty heft. I gently ran my fingers up and down its length looking up at him in depraved adoration. I was beside myself. I could clearly see my reflection in the mirror, straddling my muscular giant of a man, holding his incredible cock in both hands.
"Sir," I said. "Your cock is so beautiful."
"Do you like it, baby?"
"I love it!"
"Then stroke it like a good girl,"
I began to stroke it up and down, caressing and looking tenderly into his eyes. I wanted him to take me. My eyes said as much. Our mutual coyness had gone. I desperately wanted to belong to him. I wanted him to make me his bitch. Stroking him, I crawled on top of him and softly kissed his lips. He lay there impassively and allowed me to continue, without responding, and I passionately continued to kiss him. Suddenly, he took my hair in his hands and gave me a rough, deep tongued kiss, and then pushed my head down so I could lick his nipples. Absently stroking his cock, I gently kissed and licked his nipples, making them erect. He then pushed me down so that I slowly kissed his washboard stomach. I kissed and licked all around the line between his pelvis and stomach, an then all over his thighs, until he guided my lips right up to the head of his cock. Looking up at him sweetly, I jerked him off while I kissed the tip of his cock, begging him to let me suck it.
"Go ahead." He said.
I brought it to my mouth and opened, wide. I could just barely get the head inside before I started to gag, and choke. I looked up at him apologetically and tried to take him in my mouth again, but I felt myself about to gag again. I tried a third time, trying desperately to ignore my gag reflex, but had to pull out because I couldn't breath.
"What's wrong?" He asked
"Umm, I'm sorry, it's just that you're really big…"
He laughed. "You haven't done this much, have you."
"No sir, I haven't." I said, with my eyes downcast. "But even if I did, I get the feeling you would be a challenge."
He laughed again. "No way." He said. "I ain't trying to hear that. It is most definitely possible, you just need practice, that's all. Stay with me and I'll give you all the practice you need."
I stood up and bent over to kiss him. Instead, he spun me around and sat me down in his lap. Whispering in my ear, he started describing all the sexual adventures he wanted to have with me, telling me all the things he wanted to teach me. He told me that he wanted to make me his blowjob queen. He wanted me to service other men until I could deep throat any cock. He started to fondle my tits from behind, and between that, the dirty talk, and the feeling of his hot breath against my ear, my pussy started aching for release. I began to rub myself against his thigh. He told me how he was going to teach me to talk dirty, making me give anonymous phone sex to strangers until I could make them come with my voice alone. I arched my back, rubbing my ass against his cock. Placing it in the cleft between my ass cheeks, I wiggled against him. He told me how he was going to take my virgin cunt and ass, and stretch and mold them to the shape of his cock.
He lay back a bit and moved me so I was sitting on his hard, heaving abdomen. His brown cock curled up between my ivory legs obscenely, resting on my stomach. I held his cock in my hands and rubbed my smooth, dripping pussy against it. He told me how he was going to make me his bitch, how he'd tie me up and punish me and beat me and share me with his friends. I arched my back and guided my pussy to the head of his cock. Rubbing it against my slit, trying to work it inside of me, I realized it was useless to try to take him inside of me. He was simply too big. Desperately, I rubbed my gushing cunt up and down the length of his cock, tits bouncing, moaning like a porn star, gasping out "thank you, sir, oh thank you thank you thank you master…" He told me how he was going to dress me up, make his maid, his slave, his whore, his little girl. I looked so tiny on top of him, and my pink little pussy looked woefully inadequate to the task of receiving the monster dick. In my lust-crazed state I could do little but continue to rub myself greedily against it. My engorged clit slid across against his veiny shaft, and against the ridge of his crown, bringing me to the brink. Just as I was about to come, PT rubbed my clit with his huge, but surprisingly dexterous hand, sending me spinning into oblivion. I had never screamed so loudly, and I scared myself with my orgasmic fury.
I wanted, more than I've ever wanted anything in my life, to make this man come for me. I looked into his eyes and begged him to fuck me, hard. I told him I didn't care how much it hurt. I just wanted him to be inside of me.
"Please, sir." I begged him. "I'll do anything for you, anything. Just tell me what you want and I'll do it."
"I want to fuck those tits." He said.
"Yes sir!"
Biting my lip, knelt between his legs, cupped my tits in my hands and pushed them around his glistening cock. I sandwiched it between my tits and pressed them together. I started trying to side them up and down over his shaft, but it wouldn't stay there. I realized that even though my tits looked enormous on my small body, that they weren't actually that big in real terms. Even though I could get the tip of his cock between them, the shaft was too big and his whole cock would pop out if he tried to fuck my tits. After several tries, however, I was able to lean in and arch my back so that the base of his cock was pressed against my sternum, so I could gather my soft tits together to capture the lower half of his shaft, while the tip angled up towards my face. In this position, I was able to knead my tits gently around his cock. I looked in his eyes, and playfully worked my tits around his massive cock. I found that by lifting and dropping them while squeezing them together, I was able to push them up and down on his cock, fucking him with my tits.
Gradually, I started to move my whole body up and down while keeping his cock trapped between my tits as it slid through my cleavage. As he started to thrust his cock to meet my bouncing breasts, we built up a rhythm, and soon he was full-on fucking my tits. I could feel his cockhead swell as his crown emerged from my cleavage to rub against my face. I could see in his eyes how much he loved the look of his enormous cock defiling a girl with the face of an innocent 15-year-old and the tits of a porn star. I played it up, smiling and giggling like a schoolgirl, giving him sweet little kisses on his cock.
"Please sir," I said. "fuck my big tits!"
I began lapping at his cock head. As I got more worked up I was able to open my mouth wide enough to take the entire head of his cock in my mouth. I sucked hard, sucking in my cheeks around his cockhead as he grabbed me by the hair and fucked my mouth while he fucked my tits. I felt as if my entire self was wrapped around his phallus. I could see drops of precome flinging off of his cock. I squinted, expecting him to ejaculate any minute, but having no idea what to expect. Just as I thought he was about to come, he withdrew his cock from between my tits and told me he was going to come in my face. I watched the bobbing slit at the tip of his cock in rapt attention as he jerked off in my face and verbally abused me.
"Who's my little bitch?" He demanded.
"I am, sir." I replied without thinking, transfixed on his impending orgasm.
"Please make me your bitch." I added.
"And who's my little cockwhore?" He asked.
"I'm your cockwhore. "I said
"Who's my little white comeslut?"
"I'm your little white comeslut, sir. Please come on my face!" I begged.
I hadn't even got all my words out when he shot out a hot, teaspoon-sized globule of come onto my cheek just below my eye. Swooning, I stared, my eyes slightly crossed, enraptured. I was expecting something more like a steady stream, like when boys pee, but instead he kept coming in pulses, coming with less and less pressure and volume until he squeezed out the last couple of droplets.
I looked up at him in stunned silence. I felt affronted, aroused, degraded and triumphant. He smiled widely and let out a whoop of pleasure.
"Goddamn you hot." He said. "You a natural."
He cupped my chin and I beamed up at him.
"Go on, get yourself cleaned up."
My mind raced as I showered in the adjoining bathroom, trying to process what had just happened. Not only had I just come close to losing my virginity to a total stranger, the stranger was a celebrity, an African American, and a jock. I was even more surprised at my own actions than by the circumstances I found myself in. This may sound disingenuous, but despite the stripping I still had had a prudish view of myself. Far from being a slut, I thought of myself as monogamous. Because I was trying to have a long-distance relationship with Max, I was resigned to remaining a virgin for some time. I had never thought of having sex with anybody else. I was hoping that Max, the first man who ever really showed any interest in me, would eventually decide to sleep with me. I had been stripping in order to feel that I could be, in some sense, desirable to men, in order to remain confident that I would still be desirable to Max. I did not expect that it would unleash the raging nymphomania it was about to unleash.
At that very moment I was torn between wanting to leave all of this behind, and wanting to try everything PT had whispered in my ear when I was coming. Was I about to enter into some kind of dominant/submissive relationship in which he made me his "bitch" to punish and to share? To my own amazement, I wanted this, or I at least wanted him to want me as his bitch. But I wasn't at all sure I could go through with it. After all, I had little or no sexual experience before tonight. I loved the idea of having sex with lots and lots of men. But I was deathly afraid of the actual sex. I had never had sex before, and had no idea what it would feel like. I knew that I loved being talked dirty to, however, and that I loved being PT's bitch. Was he serious about wanting me?
When I emerged from the shower he had left. My clothes had been neatly folded and placed on a tabletop. I dressed and returned to the dressing room, feeling relieved and vaguely disappointed. I ran into Amy backstage.
"PT looked happy." She said. "And he left you a $10,000 tip. You may have just had our best debut night ever. Congratulations."
"Thanks," I said. "But I'm a little confused…I thought I was going to be entertaining some young Asian Prince or something…"
"Oh, right, I had forgotten." She said. "We had to switch the room at the last minute. Ms. Winters requested #2, so had to move the bachelor party."
"Ms. Winters? Who is Ms. Winters?"
"You met her tonight! She seemed quite taken with you."
"You mean Gayle?" I asked, incredulously.
"Wow, first name basis…"
"Who is she?"
"Well, do you remember the 'Washington Madam' who was at the center of all those political scandals, oh, about three years ago?"
"Of course, what's her name, Josie something…"
"She worked for Ms. Winters. Ms Winters is the real Washington Madam. She could probably bring down the entire US Government if she wanted."
"What was PT doing there?"
"PT? He's here quite a lot."
"And who was the other guy?"
"Mr. Powell is one of the most notorious gangsters on the east coast. He manages PT and works closely with Ms. Winters. Hell of a nice guy, but you would not want to cross him."
Amy sent me off with $17,000 in cash and an open invitation to perform at Maryam again. My legs were shaking as I walked back to my hotel. I was glad to be getting out of there unscathed, and my mind kept playing out various scenarios where thing could have turned much worse for me. At the same time, I couldn't help feeling a little disappointed that PT was not the innocent he seemed. I couldn't believe how naïve I had been. I should have known it wasn't his first time at Maryam. At the same time, I could easily imagine that we shared something in common, that we had each undergone the transformation from wren to peacock. If I still felt like a plain girl inside, I also knew I that events had allowed me to play the petite, Scandinavian teenage ice-queen. I knew how I looked with PT, and how we brought out each others' sex appeal. I had never had a particular inclination towards penis size, and had never had an interracial fetish of any kind. But I could no longer deny the erotic power of those classic, clichéd sex fantasies. And if I still felt like a shy honor student, I also knew that tonight had unleashed my inner exhibitionist and nymphomaniac. All I could think about is what he had said to me, how he had promised to show me off and share me and make me his bitch. It had thrilled me, had made me come like could never have imagined I could have, and had brought out so many new desires. With him I felt delicate and vulnerable, but also hyper-feminine and sexual. No, I wasn't disappointed that he was actually the player and thug he appeared to be. I was more intrigued than ever.
When I returned to my room, I my heart leapt to find an arrangement of six dozen long-stemmed red roses had already been delivered. The first of many.