Ruth-1
All actors are presumed to be 18 or older. No parts of this writing can be duplicated or reprinted unless written permission is obtained from the writer.
I'm not sure where to begin except from the beginning. My name is Ruth, a name from the bible in which my Grandmother was named after and I after her. I was raised on the family farm right in the middle of the country by a very religious family. We've lived on the family farm from my birth and even my fathers and his father before him. We're pretty much are self sufficient and stay away from the public as possible. We never had a television nor would we listen to the radio. This means that we really didn't see too much of the world and how people behaved. And when we did happen to go to town, Mom always made sure that we were properly dressed as to not draw any attention.
My four sisters and I helped Mom and Dad on the farm when we weren't being home schooled by mom. Even though we were four girls, we never thought that we couldn't do anything that needed to be done on the farm. But, at one time, by the urging of my Mom, Dad did have one of the neighbor boys come over to help a couple of years ago, as he was working us pretty hard. The boy helped for about a week, but after Dad caught us girls watching the boy work around the place, Dad decided for him to not return. I just remember that I found myself feeling different while we watched him remove his shirt one particular hot day. I couldn't get over his tanned chest and shoulders and how his muscles rippled as he picked up hay bale and hay bale. I felt a feeling that I can't describe deep inside me, but I knew I wanted it again.
When it came time for me to start my senior year, my parents asked me if I wanted to attend my last year of schooling at the local public school. I knew that I wanted to this, but it also made me worried as that I would know nobody if I did go there. My dad seemed to be encouraging it as he explained that having no boys, that most likely, the family farm would be turned over to my future husband and I, and that I would have to seek the man who would be able to take on the responsibility of running the family farm later in life. It was then decided, that I would attend high school in our local city.
The first day of school was coming soon and my whole family seemed to be excited.The day before I started, we celebrated my 18th birthday with cake and homemade ice cream. My mom gave me a present that when I opened it, was surprised to find that she had made me a new outfit. I was elated to see it and was excited as I ran up to my room to try it on. New clothes were special as we all knew how expensive material was and how hard mom and dad worked to provide them and make them. I shut the door behind me and quickly removed my work jeans and the old button up flannel shirt I was wearing leaving me in my panties and an undershirt.
I guess I should tell you about my physical size now. I'm embarrassed to say, but, I'm small. I mean small in every way. I stand only about five feet tall and have always been confused with my sisters as being a younger sister. My hair is blond from working out in the sun all the time, and when not tied up, goes down about to the middle of my back. I think my face is ordinary with no blemishes, and I have never worn makeup.
I find myself still blushing as I write the rest of this. It's very personal, but important to know. I've never worn a brassier as my breasts are very small. I usually wear a tight undershirt that seems to work adequately for me. I have very little nipples that sit atop puffy mounds leaving me almost flat breasts unlike my mom. My mom always tells me that they'll grow someday, and not to worry as they'd only bring bad attention to me anyway. My rear is small as well as far as I know, I guess it's okay. As for my JJ, (Mom referred to it as this from my early years), I started growing hair there a number of years ago and to be honest, I just left it alone. Like most all women, I get my monthly visitor in which my Mom showed me how to handle that when it hits. So, as you can tell. I'm wasn't anything special.
Anyway, I slipped my new outfit on and I found it to be exquisite. The blouse fit me perfect with the dress sliding over the top with the hem perfectly reaching my ankles. I fluttered around my room and then ran down to show all the others my new outfit. I refused to take it off that evening until I went to bed, carefully hanging it on the back of the door as I didn't wrinkle it for my first day in the real world.
I woke early the next day and took a bath carefully washing my hair and then brushing it out making sure that I looked good. I slipped my new outfit on and went to the kitchen to have breakfast with the rest of the family. Mom and my sisters were already there and showed their excitement while we ate, but dad remained stoic not saying a word. I was so excited that I could barely eat and ended up running out the door way to early to wait for the bus to arrive.
I got to school and was surprised to find so many students milling around outside. I noticed that their were many groups where everyone was laughing and talking leaving me feeling alone. Not knowing anyone, I walked inside and asked a lady standing in the hall where I could find my locker. She pointed me into the right direction. Once I found it, I tried to open it, but the combination just didn't seem to work and I began to find myself becoming upset. It was then that I heard my hero.
"Do you need help?"
I turned finding the source of the comment. My heart fluttered as I looked at him staring into his deep blue eyes and stammered "Yes".
I was at a loss fro words as I handed him my note that had the combination. He quickly opened it and told me what I was doing wrong. My mouth seemed to be full of cotton balls, but I was finally able to introduce myself as Ruth. His smile melted my heart as he told me his name was Branden. Branden then looked confused and asked why I had a locker in the senior section. I'm sure I was blushing as I told him that I was a senior and that I was actually 18. He quickly turned red blushing. He apologized and asked what class I had next. It turned out that we both had the same class in which offered to walk with me to help me find it. We walked and made small talk as I explained my family and how this was my first day at this school, He listened attentively and explained that he was one of the football players and had lived in this town for most of his life. When we got to the room, he sat down with me sitting nearby.
My next class was physical education, PE for short. It just so happened to be that Branden had that as well so we made our way to the gym. We walked into the gym finding numerous boys and girls milling around. As soon as the bell rang, a male and female teacher got our attention and instructed the boys to follow the male teacher and the girls to follow the female teacher. I followed the other girls in which we were led into the girls locker room. Once inside, the teacher had a couple of boxes on a table and instructed us to get into a line. The teacher told us to grab on item from each box and then to find a locker and to put on the items.
I grabbed my items and then walked over tot he lockers finding one that wasn't being used. I look around me and see that the other girls are removing their clothes placing them in their lockers, and then putting on the new garments that we were just given. I remove all my clothes and quickly start putting on the underwear as I've never been completely naked in front of others or even outside of my own home. The panties that were given to me were very small and I really had to pull on them to get them into position. When I look down, I notice the hair sticking out around the edge of my pubic area but see that as I look around, none of the other girls seemed to have this problem. The panties also keep crawling up between my butt cheeks no matter how many times I attempt to pull them out. The next item I put on is what they called a sports bra. I slip it over my head and into position. It actually feels pretty good as it holds my chest tight, but when I look around, I see that the other girls breasts are all larger than mine again making me feel somewhat embarrassed. I quickly put on the rest of the clothes which consists of a tight white t-shirt and very tight blank spandex shorts. When I pulled up the shorts, they pulled up tight into my crotch area tight against my JJ which when I looked down, I couldn't help but notice that it left nothing to someone's imagination as to what my JJ looked like behind the clothes I was now wearing.
The teachers hollered at us to hurry up and to get out to the gym. I quickly put on my socks and tennis shoes and followed the others in the gym. I was happy to see Branden, if nothing more, he was just someone that I now know. I then notice that the boys are all wearing black shorts and t-shirts that seem to be very tight. So tight, that I can't help but notice all their bulges and muscles. I find myself with that earlier mentioned feeling that I so much wanted again, but now experiencing as I look around me.
When Branden sees me, he smiles as he looks down at my body. I catch him as his eyes stop at my shorts in which he stares. He quickly averts his eyes in which he immediately turns red. I look at my shorts as well to see that again, the material of the shorts have worked themselves tight against my JJ leaving even less to imagination than earlier. I again attempt to pull the material away from my JJ, but as soon as let go of the material, it snaps back tight against me causing me that feeling again.
We're interrupted by the teachers who call out our names lining us up around the room. I notice that Branden is in the next row directly behind me which I found comfort in. The teachers begin to instruct us to do stretching exercises. The first exercise was simply placing your feet about two feet apart, to keep your legs straight and to bend over at the waist stopping when your hands hit the floor. We're to stay like this until the teacher tells us to stand back up. I found this easy to do quickly bending over. Once I was in position, I look back between my legs and see Branden and another guy just staring at me smiling as they attempt to do the same, but seem like they can't get all the way down. I smile back at them as I hold this position until the teacher tells us to stand.
The teacher now tells us to spread our feet about six inches further apart and to do it again. I begin to bend over and can feel the muscles in my groin are more resistant to this than earlier, but am able to get my hands flat on the floor. I again look back and not only is Branden and the other boy looking and smiling at me, but, so are the boys on each side of them. They don't really look as though they are trying as hard as me, or may be they're just not as flexible as I, but I stay like this as the teacher counts down.
We do this a few more times spreading our feet further and further, each time with us reaching to the ground and each time, with the boys smiling at me while doing so. The next thing they have us do are jumping jacks. We start doing these in which I found to be very easy. As I do them, I turn and see the boys are now watching another girl in which they seem to smiling and laughing among each other. I find myself disappointed as I was enjoying their attention, but now they seem to have moved on.
The teachers have us do a few other stretching exercises and then divide us into two teams. I was happy to see that I was on the same team as Branden and quickly went to where he was standing while we waited for the teacher to tell us what they had planned. Branden took this time to introduce to me a couple of the guys that were smiling at me earlier in which I was eager to say hi.
The teachers came back with a number of big rubber balls and announced that we were going to play dodge ball. I had never played it before, but found it to be fun, until I got hit the first time. It seemed the guys were very good at getting the balls and throwing them, and the girls just ran around trying to not get hit. I didn't do so well as I got hit the first time somebody tried to hit me.
Game one went by fast and they started another one. This time, Branden stayed close to me and saved me numerous times. We actually made it to the finals with him, and the two other guys I had just met. Each time the boys would eliminate someone form the other team, they would circle together and pat each other on the back. The next time they eliminated someone, I then saw Branden eliminate a person and I quickly went over to pat him on the back, but as I approached him, I stumbled falling forward a bit with my hand patting his rear. Branden quickly turned around and smiled as I apologized, but he said it was fine. I then got the ball and actually threw it out a guy on the other side who wasn't watching me and eliminated him making us win. The guys quickly surrounded me giving me a group hug. With all the guys patting my rear. Branden then hugged me with his hands quickly dropping to my rear, giving it a tight squeeze. I was surprised, but have to admit, that I liked the attention and I just figured that was how we celebrate a win and quickly gave all the guys butts a squeeze too.
The teachers then announced it was time to shower and get ready for the next class. The girls headed to the girls shower and the boys headed off to theirs. Once inside, I see the girls are all talking and quickly undressing, making their way to the shower. I was surprised to find that the shower was one room with all us being able to see each other. But, I look around and see that everyone else ls getting naked and walking around like they had done it all their lives. I also disrobe and walk to the showers finding an unused shower head. I pull the chain allowing the hot water to fall over my body and get some shampoo for my hair and began to lather up. As soon as I do this, I wash the shampoo from my hair and as soon as I can, I open my eyes.
When I open them, I see that I'm being looked at by the other girls. One of the girls points her fingers at my JJ in which I hear a couple of girls giggle. It's now that I notice that ALL the other girls have very little hair around their JJ. I mean we're all different. Some girls are larger, some skinny, some tall, and some short. Some have big breasts, and some have smaller, but all the girls seem to have very little pubic hair. I try to ignore it, but catch myself looking at their hairless JJs.
Once done, I grab my towel and go to my locker. Once there, another girl is using the locker beside mine and sets down. She introduces herself as Stacy and apologizes for the other girls telling me how they can be mean at times. I thank her and ask if I can ask a personal question? She says ask away, but she knows what I was going to ask and just blurts out that girls these day typically keep their pussies shaved as well as their assholes. She went on and said that most of the boys even shave down there as well.
I was mortified. My mind goes to the words she used and her bluntness, and then I think about how I waited for so long to hit puberty and the telltale signs of becoming a woman. "Why would I shave my....pussy?" She giggled at my question, but advised that most boys like it better and that they are more likely to eat my pussy if it's clean shaven. "Eat my pussy?" She again laughs and tells me how I have so much to learn. And in my mind, everything she says causes me more and more questions in which she was happy to explain.
While talking to her, I look for my clothes and for some reason, I'm unable to find my original underwear. My dress and blouse was there, but my undergarments were missing. Stacy sees this and smiles.
"Those bitches! Well, it looks like you're going commando today."
I look at her not understanding what she meant commando.
She giggles "Commando means wearing no underwear. It's no big deal. Nobody will ever know."
Although I've never done this before, I had little time to think about what else I was to do, so I went ahead and put on what I had remaining.
When I left the locker room, my mind was spinning, but I knew I had to get to my next class. Fortunately, Branden was waiting as well as a couple of other boys who he also introduced me to. All the boys were being very nice which made me feel good to have friends already. As we got to our class, the boys left going to their different classes, but Branden stayed with me and chose a seat next to mine. Before class started, Branden introduced me to some of the other boys in the class in which I again, welcomed new friends.
Class eventually went by and it was time for lunch. Branden told me to just stay with him and that I was invited to eat with him. I followed him like a puppy following its mother. We went through the lunch line getting a tray and our lunch, eventually sitting at a table with a couple more of Branden's friends. Branden quickly introduced me to his friends who all seemed to be friendly. His friends started asking questions as to how I was dressed and how I was raised. They all were respectful and very interested, especially about us having no television or influence from the world.
Things were going well in which we all visited,, laughed, and ate our meals. Our conversation was quickly interrupted by a girl who walked to our table.
"So, you're the slut that everyone is talking about?" she says loudly.
I look at her in which she is looking straight at me. I'm not sure as to what has got her saying this but find myself embarrassed with her talking so loud and saying this, finding myself looking at my plate in front of me.
"Why are you guys sitting with her? You're just a bunch of dogs waiting for your turn to fuck a bitch in heat!
The room goes silent as I listen to her. Her words hurt as the guys say nothing and just look down at their plates of food. Eventually, two of the guys get up and leave leaving Branden and I sitting alone, with her hovering above our table.
"You flaunt your ass and pussy to all the guys during PE, yet, now you walk around in your dress acting all better than everyone else? Who do you think you are?"
I don't know what to do or say, so I just keep looking down at my plate hoping that someone comes to my rescue.
"Stand up bitch! Not so brave now when you're confronted?"
I stay put as I hear her set her plate down at our table. I hear her walk around behind me and suddenly feel my chair pulled out from under me. I fall to the ground on my rear, but while falling, I accidentally pulled my tray of food down on to the front of me soiling my new dress.
"Oh dear, did you fall down? Let me help you get up?" She says menacing.
She quickly grabs the top straps of my dress and pulls up partially lifting me, but then tearing both straps away from my shoulders.
"Oops. Sorry, Here, let me help."
She then grabs the back of blouse and begins to pull me up to my feet. As I'm lifted, my dress falls down to my ankles leaving me standing in front of everyone with the front of my stained blouse barely covering my JJ.
"Well, Since I probably caused this stain, I should at least wash it for you." She says as she quickly pulls the blouse open at the front with the buttons popping off flying in all directions. Just as quickly, I feel hands from behind me pull the blouse off leaving me standing in the middle of the room naked with my dress crumpled on the ground.
"She acts all goody two shoes, but you can see that she's just a slut! How dare she wear no underwear!
I try to cover myself with my hands and arms, but finding myself still uncovered, I bend over and grab my dress pulling it back up. The room breaks out into a loud roar with people laughing and others howling like the coyotes back at the farm. I see flashes of light as I see people all around the room holding their cell phones. I start to run out of the room, but as I do so, I feel hands reaching out grabbing my dress. I fall down in which the hands grab my dress and pull it off and away from my grip and body. I jump up and leave my dress, running out still feeling people grab at my body as I pass them. Their hands are everywhere touching my little breasts, my rear, and even my JJ. I'm slowed a couple of times as I feel people grab my pubic hair, but push through, probably leaving them holding some of my hair.
I eventually make it to the hallway and am greeted by numerous people moving about waiting for their next class. As soon as they see me, they begin to whistle and howl as before. I see the girls bathroom and run inside eventually finding an empty stall and go inside to hide and cry. I sit on the toilet hunched over crying. I don't know how long I was there after the bell rang, but eventually I hear a female voice.
"Ruth? Are you in here?"
I meekly answer yes and see a pair of feet in front of the door of my stall.
"I'm Mrs Anderson. I heard what happened. I have your clothes here?"
I see a hand appear over the top of the door holding my crumpled dress and blouse.
"I brought you another blouse if you want to wear this as your other one is damaged. But this will get clothed."
I quickly grabbed the clothes and put them on telling her thank you.
It's in between class now, so if you like, you can come to my office and you won't have to face anyone right now."
I appreciate the offer, but now, I'm angry. I thank her, but ask her if she can point me to my next class. She smiles as she warns me "Okay dear. Just be careful. Barb is the girl who did this, and she is the principals daughter, so she pretty much does what she wants."
I thank her for the information and after wiping the tears away from my face. We walk out and head to my next class. I walk holding my head tall as I prepare for war in my mind.