Katie walked out of the offices of the software company. She had just sat an interview for a trainee position, it was the first real opportunity that she had found since leaving university.
She mulled over the interview. It had gone well, she hoped, her mind started to race, had it gone well! Although a reasonably confident person, interviews were new to her in fact the last one she had attended was during the university selection programme three years earlier.
Katie had enjoyed university, she was not the smartest student on campus but she was bright enough that she could hold her own against most. Her biggest challenge had not been her studies, it had been fending off the unwanted attention from the other students, mainly male, but given her appearance it wasn't unknown for advances to come from other girls. She had never really considered herself pretty or beautiful; however that was definitely not how others viewed her. Perhaps her somewhat distorted view was due to the way in which her parents had raised her, always instilling the idea that a persons appearance meant nothing and that people should be humble and that good grace and respect to others were the finest attributes anyone could have.
Although she hadn't fully realised it, over the years her upbringing had left her with a level of insecurity about the way she looked and so she had chosen to hide away by wearing nondescript clothing. Nothing she wore was dowdy, it was simply uncomplicated and in her mind this achieved what she wanted as it made her somewhat anonymous.
Always keen on exercise, her 5ft 6" frame was slim and toned. Her mother's Italian heritage had blessed her with dusky skin tone, deep brown eyes and long flowing dark brown hair. Although she chose to ignore it, to others she was stunning! She had always kept her hair long and wore it either in a ponytail or, as she had today, loose to frame her face and to let it hang over her shoulders and down the centre of her back.
Her face was a delight. Just like the rest of her body there wasn't a single blemish on it. Her enthusiasm for exercise hadn't just left her with a slim and toned body, her face was slim and had an exceptional bone structure. She had prominent cheek bones, a slender yet somewhat petite nose and full ripe lips.
For most, this biological dream would be enough but she had also inherited her mother's curves. Even on her slender frame her waist was narrow and this only exaggerated the curve of her backside and her well toned thighs and calves. For most, these were the things they noticed second as she had also inherited her mother's curves. At 32FF her boobs were huge. Sitting perfectly on her chest and slightly upturned, they were magnificent. Her slim frame did nothing but further emphasise them, and if possible, making them look even bigger than they were.
Katie's mind raced through the interview. She had met with a Mr Oldham, the CEO. Although she had felt at ease with him, he had asked her a number of probing questions and she felt her head spinning as she tried to recall her answers and whether they had been as good as she had first hoped. She had been told about the trainee position by one of the career counsellors at her university and had applied immediately. She had studied Technology and so the role at the software company sounded too good to be true.
She had been right about Mr. Oldham. At 45 years old he well respected both in the industry and by those that knew him socially. He had worked in the industry for around 20 years and had travelled around the world with his work. A keen sportsman in his youth he had remained active and it showed as you would easily think he was 10 years younger than he was. The only tell tale sign of his actual age was the slight greying of his hair that had begun to show over the past couple of years. Katie had noticed this when they met and recalled thinking that it made him look rather distinguished. In fact, if she had been honest to herself she found him very attractive and a little intimidating. But, her mind had been focused on the interview so these thoughts had remained buried...for now.
After the interview was over Mr. Oldham had taken a few minutes to show her a round a few of the offices in the offices she would be working. She had been blown away by the set up. They had dedicated research labs for each department and the equipment she had seen had all been state of the art. In each of the department she had seen there had been a mix of employees, some in lab coats and others in normal business attire. It was safe to say that she had been very very impressed and this had not been lost on Mr. Oldham.
On leaving the offices she had shook Mr Oldham's hand and begun to walk toward the main street and the nearest bus stop. He had been very honest with her and told her that although her academic record was strong he had ideally been looking for someone with previous experience. This had left her a little deflated, but she still thought she had done well, and still though she had a chance. All she could now think of was the call her had promised her within 24 hours with his decision.
Back in his office Mr. Oldham was sat staring at Katie's resume that was still on his desk from her earlier interview. If anyone had been watching him they might have thought he was in shock as his mouth had dropped open and eyes were as wide as they could be as he stared at the photo of what he now considered to be the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. He didn't need 24 hours to make a decision on who he wanted to hire for the trainee position, he had decided the moment he set eye's on Katie. He was wrestling with the thoughts that were racing through his mind, and it took all his self control not to race after her to give her the good news. A smile began to form on his face as he started to picture the faces of the guys that Katie would be working with when they first met her! Could it spell trouble for the team? He had thought it might, but then dismissed it as misplaced concern.
Katie had made her way back to her apartment which she shared with two other girls that she had met at university. They had both been lucky and had found jobs straight after university had finished. Although she didn't envy them this, it did mean she was on her own during the day and when the evenings came she couldn't always afford to go out with them and so found that socially she had become a little recluse and this had started to play a little on the insecurities she already had.
She found herself stood in front of the large mirror in her bedroom. She looked at the clothes she had worn for the interview; a crisp white blouse and a skirt suit, with which she had worn with a pair sensible low heels. She didn't usually wear stockings and so had gone without. In fact despite her lack of awareness about her body and the affect it had on others, she very rarely wore underwear, but for the interview she decided that she better had.
She removed her light suit jacket and smoothed the cotton of her blouse. Her boobs sat perfectly on her chest, the jacket had done a good job of hiding them, so she thought. Her skirt was a pencil thin and made of the same light material as the jacket and it finished a few inches above her knees. Any longer and it would have been near impossible to walk in, but at this length it merely served to better presenting her long shapely legs and ass that were only rivalled by her amazing boobs. She didn't normally wear such clothes as she felt them too revealing, in fact this was all she owned that might be considered to be appropriate office attire. She unzipped her skit and let it fall and then quickly stripped out of her bra and panties. Within seconds she was back in her normal attire of jeans and a baggy t-shirt.
That night her roommates had gone out after work and so she had gone to bed early. She didn't normally dream but when she woke in the morning she found herself on edge after having had what had been bizarre and very erotic dreams in which the main focus had been Mr. Oldham. She lay in bed trying to recall the detail of her dreams. She hadn't noticed but her left hand and traced its way down her body and was gently caressing her pussy lips. Although not completely sexually naive, she had only had sex with one guy that she had dated for 6-months in her second year at university. They broke up after she found out that he had taken photos of her one night and posted them on the internet. The photos were of her sleeping on her sofa. This wouldn't have been such a problem if it hadn't been for the fact that it was after a night out and after a few glasses of wine she had fallen asleep. Seizing the opportunity he had removed or adjusted most all of her clothes so that for all intense and purpose, she was naked.
Following the scandal she had noticed that on the 'X' rated photos it appeared that she had more than a healthy patch of dark pubic hair, which although she kept trimmed, in the photos it appeared thicker than it was. Since then, and the exit of her boyfriend, she had trimmed it shorter and now only had a small tuft above her pussy. She sometimes thought that it was a waste of time doing this as she had not been with a guy since, but she had grown accustomed to it and she liked the thrill of feeling a breeze across her pussy when she wore a skirt. She already went without underwear more often than not, but since maintaining her neatly trimmed tuft she now almost always went without. Right now she thanked herself for keeping herself trimmed as her fingers easily found her clit and began gently twisting it and applying pressure. Before long her other hand was also between her legs and a finger had eased its way between her juicy pussy lips.
Her breath was becoming ragged as her arousal began to grow. Her hands roamed her entire body, focusing on her now rock hard nipples and now sodden pussy. One thing she enjoyed, amongst others, was how her nipples reacted. They were extremely sensitive and reacted quickly to any touch and stood a full half an inch off her boobs and her aureoles that were a deep pink and the size of a silver dollar. The slightest touch could make them stand to attention. Another reason why she had almost completely given up wearing a bra! Although her boobs were an amazing 32FF they stood out proudly on her chest and despite their size they didn't need any support to do so.
She was fast reaching a climax as she squirmed under her duvet when her phone suddenly rang and shocked her back to reality.
Katie gasped a hello into the phone.
"Hello, Katie, this is Mr Oldham."
"Hi Mr. Oldham", Katie stammered.
"Have I interrupted?" he enquired.
Katie thought fast and whilst trying to regain her composure she explained that she had just returned from an early morning jog. Mr. Oldham had trouble trying not to picture what a sight that must have been. The picture of her chest bouncing as she ran was almost too much for him. He shook his head and began talking and trying to use his best assertive corporate tone he got straight to the point. He explained that he was ideally looking for someone with some level of experience for the trainee role, but that he was not blind to Katie's qualifications and the attributes she might bring to him.
Did he just say "bring to him" Katie thought, but before she could dwell on the point Mr. Oldham corrected himself and explained that he thought that she could have a lot to offer to the company and so he would like to offer her the role.
Katie almost shrieked a 'yes' at him down the phone but managed to calm herself and thanked him for the offer and explained that she would be delighted to accept. The call lasted a few more minutes and they discussed that although she could complete the required admin on her first day it would save time if she could stop by tomorrow to complete it and then start the job the following week. He suggested that she come by the offices at 09:00 and he would introduce her to the members of the team with who would be working.
After Katie put the phone down she could barely contain her excitement. She immediately called her roommates at work and they agreed to meet later to celebrate.
The friends met up at a local bar and began to talk through Katie's new job. Her friends were very supportive of her, they always had been, but they could tell that she was far too nervous about starting the job and despite their attempts to calm her down she was becoming more and more agitated. She had been looking for job since leaving university and with the competition for graduate jobs it had been a tough slog. They spent the next few hours listening to her jabber nervously and knew that they needed to help her calm down otherwise she could blow the job on her very first day. When they returned from the bar Katie called it an early night, however her friends remained in the lounge and once she has gone they began to discuss how they could get her to relax. Before long they had hatched a plan and began quickly to put it in to place. Although they began with good intentions, their actions escalated and before long they had lost sight of their objective and they were quickly caught up in a pulling a prank on their friend.
Keen to make a good impression Katie woke early the next morning in order to get prepared for her first day at the office and to meet the team. However, she was still unaware of the plan hatched by her friends both of who appeared to have risen even earlier than her and headed out to work leaving Katie to eat her breakfast alone and then to shower.
In the shower she decided to make sure she was completely prepared and so grabbed her razor to make sure she was as neat and tidy as she could be. Although she knew that nobody would know or see her efforts, in her own mind she felt it was a more complete way to prepare and it gave her a sense of satisfaction that she was being so thorough. Whilst using the razor her hand lightly brushed the tip of her clit and for a brief moment she considered that perhaps it might serve her to relax a little more! She quickly decided that it probably wasn't a good idea and quickly finished using the razor and continued with her shower.
Out of the shower she went in to her bedroom and began to lay out on her bed her office suit. She paused for a second thinking that she would need to get a few more suits for her new job as she couldn't continue to wear the same clothes day after day.
She reached for her skirt but then stopped and realised that she hadn't taken out any underwear to put on. She turned and opened her wardrobe and pulled open a drawer. She stared into the drawer confused, it was empty. She quickly checked the remaining drawers. They were all empty! Katie staggered backwards to her bed and sat down. She sat silently for a few seconds trying to make sense of her missing underwear. She realised that she couldn't simply sit and stare in to space and decided that borrowing a bra and panties from her room mates would solve the problem for today.
A few minutes later Katie was back sat on her bed holding a bra but no panties. She had gone through every drawer and cupboard in her room mates bedrooms and then those in the rest of the apartment. There were no panties to be found anywhere.
The only piece of underwear she could find was a bra. At first she was partly a relieved to have it until she noticed that the bra size was 32B. She knew there was no chance it would fit but she tried anyway. It was a waste of time as she couldn't even get the clips fastened. She was just about to break down in tears when she noticed a slip of paper in one of the cups. It read:
"Dear Katie, fantastic news on the job. We are so very pleased for you, but you need to relax and believe in yourself otherwise you won't make it through the morning before your stress levels turn you in to a wreck. So, to provide you with a distraction, we have taken all the underwear from the flat. We know how much more relaxed you are when you go without and so we figured this would help you face the day and stay relaxed. Good look, make sure you call us at lunch and let us know how it's going.
All our love - your roomies ;-)
Ps. Good luck with the blouse, jacket, skirt and shoes!