This story continues based on the premise that Stephanie is for real, and does want to play the exhibitionist, and wants to play with me. I know, you need to really suspend disbelief on this one, but hey, it's my fantasy. You should read chapter one to understand how we got here.
+++++++++++++++++++++++
I left my office around 11:30. It was about a 20 minute walk to the college campus. I did the walk a little quicker, nervous anticipation and all, getting to the park about quarter to the hour. The pond is fairly large, probably takes a good 10 minutes to walk all the way around. There are picnic tables, benches, and a couple of covered shelters. There are clumps of trees and bushes scattered around the surrounding park area.
I started walking around the path, looking around. There were some people in the park, not a lot. As I walked along, I spotted them laying on the grass, next to one of the picnic shelters. As I strolled past them, one of the girls jumped up, from how Steph described them I guessed it would be Kelly, bigger boobs. She runs over to me, and said, "Excuse me, are you Gene?"
"Yes, that's me."
"Good, Stephanie has something to show you, come over here."
She grabbed me by the hand, and leds me to the group. The three other girls were there, with Stephanie. She didn't say anything, but gave me a shy smile.
"Here, sit down," Kelly says, "I'm Kelly, and that's Brooke, Tammy, and Lane. Stephanie you already know, I guess. She's told us all about your chats and she showed us what she's done for you. She's being a real naughty girl you know."
I looked at Stephanie and she's had on a green, sleeveless shirt. It was opaque and fairly sturdy looking, not showy at all and with a couple of buttons undone so I could just make out the top of her bra. She looked to be a large A or maybe small B. She had on a pretty short white skirt -- midway between knees and where the panties would be. Her legs were folded up beside her, tight together. I was sitting on the grass, and we were all pretty much in a circle. Lane then said, "OK, Steph, show us all what you've done."
Slowly Steph separated her legs, moving her knees about 6 inches, then out to about a foot apart. I stared unbelieving at her pretty young, completely shaved pubic area. She looked nervously around, I guessed to see if anyone is nearby, but there was no one close. She then pulled her skirt up a little more until all of her legs are exposed. "Do you like?" She asked.
"Oh my, oh yes", I gasped out.
"It really was fun doing this for you."
"She told us that she got herself off twice last night after she shaved, she was so excited," It was Lane, sitting beside me.
Tammy was sitting on Steph's left side, and she reached over and with her right hand, and put her fingers right on her clit. She rubbed it back and forth a couple of times and said "She does it just like this," looking right at me. "She gets real wet really quickly, look," and she pushed her index finger inside her pussy, wiggled it around a bit, and then pulled it out. It was very obvious how wet it was. She then put her finger in her mouth to clean it off.
Steph squirmed a little as Tammy put her fingers back on her pussy and continued gently rubbing. She continued for only about a minute when Steph arched her back, gasped, and uttered "Oh, God Tammy, its coming". Then she relaxed. "Wow," she whispered," one of the fastest ever. This has made me so horny, I can't believe it."
Then Lane reached over and put her hand right on my crotch, and held my now fairly hard cock in her hand and rubbed it back and forth. "He's hard for you Steph, really hard." She then looked at me. "Do you what to touch her. She told us she'd like you to rub her pussy too. Do you want to?"
I couldn't find the words to say anything as Lane took my right hand and leaned over to Steph. She put my hand right on Stephanie's clit. "Rub it for her," she whispered in my ear.
I looked Steph right in the eyes, "Do you want me to do it?"
"Ooohhh, yeah, please". So with a quick glance around I started to slowly masturbate this cute young thing. Brooke then said, "Just keeping doing it, I'll watch for anybody coming by."
Steph must have still been very horny, because it only took about two minutes and she orgasmed again. She fell forward, with her head on my left shoulder, and just shuddered. She then sat up and said, "Thanks, that was amazing."
Then Brooke said, "Still all clear, you gonna show him the rest?"
Tammy moved behind Steph and reached up underneath the back of her shirt. She was obviously undoing her bra. She then reached inside her shirt through the armholes, and pulled the straps out and over her elbows, one at a time. Steph reached under her shirt and pulled her bra out and stuffed it into her backpack. She then looked up at Brooke "Still clear?". "Yup," was the answer.
Steph then took the third button from the top -- the other two were already undone, and she undid it. She pulled the sides of her shirt open, and I could see the inside curves of these two beautiful breasts. She then popped the next button, and again moved the sides of the shirt open, and I could now see the two nipples. They are a slightly lighter and pinker color than her skin, and very erect and swollen. She was right about her areolas being puffy. What an incredible sight. "Touch them please," she said, and I put two fingers of each hand on each of her nipples, then moved my hand around the outside of her breasts, then underneath, lifting them just a bit to feel their weight, then back to the outsides, and I pushed my hands together a bit, causing her breasts to touch each other in the middle. "So beautiful, Stephanie, so beautiful." "You really think so, really?" "Yes, Steph, I do."
Brooke then said, "People coming."
Quickly Steph did up the three buttons, sat up on her knees so her skirt dropped back down. I sat back away from her, and actually bumped into Lane who was right behind me. I got a nice feel of two breasts in the middle of my back, then said, "Sorry...", Lane just smiled when I looked over my shoulder at her.
Two women, young mothers I would guess, walked by with two boys -- probably about 5 years old, and what was probably about the same age Golden Retriever. The mood of the moment was completely broken. As they passed without even glancing our way, Kelly said, "Well that was fun. We should do it again sometime, but it's time to go. I've got to get to work, and Steph has class in twenty minutes."
So the girls got up, I stood as well. Steph came up to me, stood up on her toes, and gave me a light kiss on the lips. Lane was still right beside me and gave my cock one last squeeze and said, "Still hard for you."
They all grabbed their backpacks and things, got up and giggling, started a slow jog back towards the campus.
I sat there for about five minutes quite in shock as to what had just happened. I mean. I'm forty three years old, and I'm fooling around with a gang of very horny 19 year olds. I. slowly got up after my erection diminished back to something close to normal size and started my way back to the office. This time it took me almost twice as long to get there. I was in no hurry at all. The rest of the day was a complete blur. I couldn't concentrate on a thing.
I left work a little early, didn't even bother to stop by for the ice coffee, I mean, what would have been the point then?
+++++++++++++++++++++
That evening, I couldn't help myself, and just had to knock out a masturbation session with Steph's pics on the laptop screen. About an hour later, it was about 9:30 I suppose, my phone chimed announcing an e-mail on my gmail account. I quickly got to the laptop, and opened up mail. There was a note from Steph: "Are you on?"
"Yes, right here."
"WOW. Oh my god, that was so incredible. I can't believe we did all that, it was SOOOOO crazy."
"Same here, unreal. I'm in shock. Tell me how you set that all up. Was that all planned?"
"Oh no, almost none of it. I called Kelly first thing in the morning, and asked her if we could go to the pond for lunch. She asked why, and I told her that I was going to meet the guy from Starbucks and show him something. That's all they knew of you, I didn't tell them anything more. She asked why she needed to be there, and I told her that I was going to do something a little risky and I needed her to help me. Then I had to tell her what it was. She quickly said OK, but that all the other girls needed to be there to see. She then texted everybody else to get them to come. We got there about 15 minutes before you did. The plan was just to show you my new pussy, and maybe I'd touch myself a little bit for you. That was all. Just before you got there, Lane said that I should show you my titties too. At first I said no, but they teased me into it. The wanted me to take off my bra too but there wasn't any time, cuz Brook spotted you walking towards us. I quickly zipped off my panties and put them in my backpack just before you got there."
"So everything else just happened. The girls just let everything else happen."
"Yeah we kind of do that. We sort of play games like that a lot, but never like today. That was way out there. So what did you think? Like my new pussy? It felt really funny all afternoon. I didn't get to put my panties back on until after class. It felt kinda squishy when I was sitting in my seat. My skirt was really short, on purpose you know, so my pussy was right on the chair. I didn't look back when I got up, but there had to be a wet spot there. Did you like touching my titties? I was so excited when you did that, I can't even describe it."
"Oh, Steph. I loved your pussy, and I loved touching your breasts, they really are beautiful. I meant it when I said that."
"Thanks, it made me feel real good. So, I need to ask you some questions and I'll tell you why later, but can you just answer them without asking why?"
"Sure, fire away."
"OK. Are you married?"
"Was, not now."
"Girlfriend?"
"Nobody right now."
"Live alone? Any roommates or anything? "
"No -- live alone, have for about 6 years now."
"If I ask will you tell me where you live?"
"Can you tell me why?"
"Not now, where do you work?"
"A computer consulting company over on 5th Street just off of Main"
"If I ask will you tell me the address?"
"OK, I guess I can do that."
"What do you think of my friends? Be honest with me. I know they are pretty and kind of sexy and if you like them I'd be OK with it?"
"I think they are all really cute and sexy. I don't know that I am attracted to any one of them particularly. You're all pretty exciting. You though, are special, I really do like you a lot. Why did you ask?"
"Later. Send your phone number, your home address and where you work, OK? Please?"
"Will you tell me why?"
"Yes, after you send them to me."
I typed in the info she was looking for and sent it. "Can you tell me now?"
"No, changed my mind, later though. Need to go now. Have a good night."
"Good night sweetie".
That was strange. Something was going to happen, clearly, and I hoped I wasn't setting myself up for something bad. There were some really good possibilities, but some not so good either.
Just as I was about to close down my laptop, a last e-mail popped in. It was from Steph. The subject line just said "Later", and there was a photo attached. I opened it up, and there was a picture of a completely nude girl from the neck down, hands on her hips, feet apart, nice medium sized breasts, her brown hair came over her shoulder and stopped just above her right breast. It had to be Kelly. This could get really interesting.