This happened a number of years ago. I was on holiday in Ireland with my wife and our young child. I'd always fancied trying windsurfing so, with my wife's agreement, I booked a day's lesson at a watersports centre.
My wife dropped me off there in the morning and arranged to pick me up at the end of the day.
I had with me a pair of swim trunks, a towel and a packed lunch. Everything else was provided by the watersports centre.
When I arrived and booked in I was provided with a wetsuit and directed to the male changing room. It seemed mine was the only 'day' booking, the remainder of those taking part in the day's lesson were resident at the centre. They were a mix of ages, families, couples and singles -- about a dozen of us in all.
Nothing eventful happened during the lesson (except that I fell over a lot!).
At the end of the lesson we returned to the centre and, after helping to store away the equipment, the others went off to their accommodation to shower and change and I was directed back to the male changing room, through a door directly from the outside of the building. As the only day visitor, I had the changing room to myself. On entering, I noticed that the internal door from the reception area into the changing room, by which I had entered in the morning, had been left open. However, as I had left my clothes hung on a side of the room out of the line of sight from the door, this did not concern me.
I peeled off the wetsuit that I had been loaned for the day and then removed my trunks. I looked around for the showers and realised that to reach the entrance to the shower room I would have to walk across the line of sight from the open door. I wrapped my towel around my waist and walked across to the shower room.
As I passed the open door, I looked out into the reception area beyond and there was a young girl, over eighteen, sat there, apparently waiting for someone or something. She clearly saw me as I walked past and then looked away, apparently taken a little by surprise by the sight of a nearly naked guy walking in front of her.
I went into the shower and soaped and washed myself. I found myself wondering if the girl would still be there when I returned from the shower and found myself becoming a little aroused at the thought. I finished washing quickly, dried myself lightly and headed back to where my clothes were hanging in the changing room. This time I did not wrap the towel around my waist, but sauntered slowly, absent mindedly towelling my hair, as I passed in front of the open door (or that was how it was meant to seem).
Out o the corner of my eye I saw that the girl was still there, sat alone. Again she saw me and this time her eyes appeared to linger a little longer before she looked away.
I couldn't believe what I'd just done. I'd walked naked not more than twenty feet away from a girl who could be ten years younger than me, and me complete with a semi!
I waited for some sort of fuss or commotion. Nothing happened. I moved my clothes to a peg on the other side of the room, just out of the girl's line of vision (if she was still there). I then started to dry myself, slowly working my way into her line of sight, as if by accident. Out of the corner of my eyes I saw that she was still there. Staring at me and only looking away when she thought she might catch my eye directly.
Of course by this time I was completely dry, and getting increasing hard! I made a point of 'drying' my hair again and then towelling my back, letting my cock stick out in front of me, giving her both full frontal and profile views. I put my foot up on the bench and turned my back to her to give her a good view of my balls. I then started elaborately drying my cock and balls, both side on and full frontal to her. By this time I was completely hard. To all intents and purposes I was wanking in front of her. Still she did not look away or move -- or make any complaint. It occurred to me that she may not have seen a guy with a hard on before; perhaps never even seen a full grown guy's cock, at all.
Gaining in confidence, I gave up any pretence. Holding the towelling in one hand I cradled my balls (so that the towel was still available if someone else should show up, to give me some chance of still pretending it was all an 'accident'). With my other hand I started to pump my cock. Slowly at first, drawing the foreskin all the way back to give her a good view. And then quickening the pace until I was breathing short and heavy. I could see she was still there. Watching. A little colour in her face, but missing nothing.
As my tempo grew I became more absorbed in what I was doing, aware that I was reaching a climax. I closed my eyes as I came and shot spurts of cum across the changing room floor. As I slowed my rhythm, I used my towel to wipe the last few drops of cum from my dick end. I looked across to where the girl had been and she was gone. As if I had dreamt it all. But I didn't. It was real.