[This is the ninth chapter in the seriesHouseKeeping. It would be best if you could read first Chapters 1 through 8 so you can gain the benefit of knowing the backstory of Chapter 9. This chapter has a little more than sex in it in an effort to keep the attention of the horny readers. But the story is still erotic as hell for those who enjoy erotic tension and voyeuristic pleasures. As always, please feel free to offer any feedback you want. An author always values feedback from his readers.]
*****
As Kelsey and I walked silently down the carpeted stairway, I explained in more detail the "game" we would be playing for the next two hours.
"Mrs. Yarrow has constructed a game that we must all play during this cocktail hour. If any one of us break the rules of the game, the evening will probably be ruined for all of us. Pure and simple, this is a game of tease and turn on. The women get to wear outfits that are more erotic and more revealing than they could probably wear anyplace else. And the men get to act as if nothing special is going on. The men are challenged with making sure the women feel loved and accepted and comfortable. This means that we cannot make obvious and crude comments about what we can see or what we want to see. This means that we cannot stare at something that is turning us on no matter how much we want to stare. Our job is to make you feel comfortable with teasing us, and your job is to tease us.
"As the evening wears on, the women can judge how sexy their outfits are, and how much they have teased us, but how many erections are in the room. But no one talks about that or makes any comments about it. We all just let it happen. Like I said, this is an evening of tease and turn-on. Subtlety is the rule."
"That's it? All we do is display some cleavage, and all you do is display some hardness? I was hoping for something more." Kelsey's disappointed grin was betrayed by the twinkle in her eyes. She knew there was more and was just goading me.
"Well, if the women feel comfortable with it, then they have the option of increasing the sexual tension in the room. A little more skin on display is normal. My second time here several years ago, one woman decided that the hard-on next to her needed some stroking. So she gave him a lap dance. And the man was not her husband. The other women took the cue and began their own activities, and the sexual content of the evening took an awesome turn. Every man there got a lap dance from at least one woman and most likely from several women. And all of the men had at least one orgasm during the evening, as apparently did several women. It is my understanding that there is no actual intercourse allowed, but I also understand that there has been at least one totally nude lap dance where the woman rubbed her bare pussy on the man's cock until he came. But through it all, we have to remember that it is the woman's option. The men cannot initiate anything but smiles and compliments. It is the woman who initiates everything.
"Oh, yes, there is one more rule. Whatever you are wearing when the two hours are up you will also be wearing unchanged when we move to the dining room for dinner."
"So," Kelsey responded, "if I pull aside this blouse and flash someone at the end, then I have to leave that boob on display through dinner?" I couldn't tell if the light in her eyes was a result of being turned on or of being irritated. But I was prepared to bet some serious money it was because she was turned on.
"So, do you understand the rules?" Kelsey nodded with a huge smile. "And are you comfortable with the game?" Kelsey nodded again. "Then it's time." I moved us off the stairway and toward the Library where the festivities were being held.
I could hear voices before we stepped onto the first floor. Clearly, the party had started without us, but I didn't regret the last hour in our room in the least. Not only had Kelsey given me one of her awesome blow jobs, but I got to watch her work her magic as she got dressed. There was no doubt about it, I dearly loved watching that woman get dressed!
And what she was wearing was going to turn heads tonight. She was wearing her turquoise outfit that contrasted so beautifully with her long dark hair. The turquoise "blouse" was a 6-inch strip of translucent material that ran from her waist up over her breast and around her neck and down the other side to cover the other breast and then finished tucked in her waist. Just describing it turned me on without ever noting the transparent nature of the scarf, which was not really covering her breasts. And the slit up the front of her skirt flashed a lot of leg to anyone near, and would have flashed her naked pussy to anyone on the stairs below us if there had been anyone there to appreciate the view.
I had to pause again to give thanks for loving a woman who was so wonderful and exciting and fun and inspiring, while also being the sexiest woman I have ever known. I had never known a woman who could warm my heart so much, and warm my cock even more.
As we walked into the library where the drinks were served, I counted five couples and Mrs. Yarrow in attendance. Cindy and someone who must be her husband really did show up for drinks, just like she said. And getting a good look at her outfit made me very glad she was here. It also made ME very glad I was here!
Our entrance caused a brief cessation to the conversations going on as they all noticed Kelsey and her dress. And as everyone stared at Kelsey's outfit, I had the opportunity to glance at the outfits the other women were wearing. And I was immediately hard. This was going to be an awesome evening! Then Mrs. Yarrow fulfilled her duty as hostess, as she stood to greet us.
"Todd! Kelsey! So good of you to join us. I was beginning to get worried that you wouldn't come." Her smile and her charm was warm and genuine. Clearly, this was a woman to be loved and cherished. I had wondered many times in the past why some man had not swept her off her feet and married her, and I still could not figure out why
"You couldn't keep us away, Mrs. Yarrow. Both Kelsey and I have been looking forward to this all day." My response was just as warm as her greeting. As she stood and walked toward us, I instantly loved how sexy the older woman looked.
She wore a diaphanous light blue see-through blouse with long sleeves and a high neckline. It was tucked into a dark blue skirt that was flowing and wide and almost floor length. She topped it off with a wide black belt of patent leather and matching pumps with 3 inch heels. The transparent nature of her long skirt was not as obvious as her transparent blouse until she took a few steps. Only then could I see her bare legs through the billowing skirt as she walked, and I tried very hard to not to see if I could spot her pussy. I knew I would have many opportunities to view her crotch as the evening wore on.
As she approached us, I saw her very large breasts bounce and jiggle, getting all my attention until I looked up into her eyes in embarrassment. As I looked at her, she smiled widely and mouthed a silent "thank you" that only Kelsey and I could see. Kelsey stepped forward and gave Mrs. Yarrow a full frontal hug that lasted several seconds. And I loved watching as the four large breasts smashed together in their respective transparent blouses. I waited patiently for my chance to hug the largest breasts I had seen in a while. And when my chance came, I reveled in the feel of her globes pressed against my chest, and the very large and very hard nipples that stabbed me and threatened to cause me injury.
"Mrs. Yarrow, let me observe that you are more beautiful that I have ever seen you." She smiled widely at the compliment. Then I continued in a quiet voice, "And I loved your hug more than any I have received from you." Her smile widened even more at my last comment.
"Please let me introduce everyone here." She turned around to address each couple, one at a time. As she gestured to Cindy and her husband, they stood and walked over to shake hands with us.Probably more to get a better look at Kelsey than to be polite, I thought to myself with a grin.
"You already know Cindy, and this is her husband, Jerry. This is Todd and Kelsey. They are staying in our Honeymoon Suite." Mrs. Yarrow was the picture of Old World grace and charm, and I truly loved it. I realized it was all part of the game she played on the "special dress code" weekends she hosted, but it was a fun game, and promised to be highly erotic every time. I had been here a couple of times for this before, but never with such sexy women.
During the introductions, I took the opportunity to examine Cindy's outfit in detail . She wore what looked, at first glance, to be a tuxedo. The coat was more a vest than a jacket, and it didn't cover the front at all, giving her boobs free reign to entertain all of us. The material of her entire outfit was black and white, and both the white blouse and the black slacks clung tightly around her body. While at her store, I never really had the chance to see her ass, but these pants showed off her sleek and shapely butt and slender legs wonderfully. And best of all, the entire outfit was transparent, even to the point of showing off the closely trimmed bush between her legs. It was obvious Jerry liked it because he was already hard, his pants showing a large bulge behind his zipper.
And I noticed how obviously Jerry was checking out Kelsey, almost to the point of staring at her in pure lust. He wasn't just looking at her, he was drooling over her. And I found that I loved it. As I thought about it, I wondered if the cause of Jerry's hard-on was really Cindy's outfit or Kelsey's outfit. Then I realized that it didn't really matter what caused his erection. In fact, I was actually unsure how much of my own hard-on was caused by Kelsey and how much was caused by Cindy. All I knew was that both Jerry and I would be hard as steel for the next several hours.
Cindy and Jerry returned to their seats after the pleasantries were exchanged, and Todd realized why Mrs. Yarrow chose to introduce them first. She knew they had played this game before and that they would respond with the same grace and charm that Mrs. Yarrow exuded. They would set the pattern of response the rest of the guests could follow. Once again, I appreciated the hidden depth of Mrs. Yarrow, and I wondered how much of her I really knew. And looking at her more closely, I realized that I was getting to know more of Mrs. Yarrow than ever before.
"And this is Beth and Tim." Mrs. Yarrow kept things moving. "They are at the top of the stairs just to the right on the second floor. They have been here several times for our special weekends. Beth and Tim, this is Kelsey and Todd. Todd has been here several times in the past, but this is Kelsey's first time with us on a special weekend." The men shook hands with each other, and the women hugged everyone. Again, the feel of beautiful boobs pressing into my chest assured me that my wood would not die. And when Beth hugged me, she pressed against my hard on and molded herself to it.Much more of this, I thought silently,and I am going to cum in my pants. They were the youngest couple in the group, still in their mid to late twenties, and Todd simply loved the feeling of her young body as it molded itself to his while they hugged.
Beth wore a simple black dress with thin straps and a plunging neckline and back. The material was extremely light and clung to her body, her protruding nipples showing the fact that she wore no bra. And Todd was almost disappointed that it was not transparent. But the plunging neckline held enough promise that he knew he would not be disappointed for long. The dress fell at an angle across her legs from mid-calf on one side to high on her thigh on the other. A thin gold necklace lay around her slender neck and something small sparkled in her ears, reflecting the light of the lamps. On her feet, she wore what seemed to be the standard here, the sexy sandals with straps around her ankles.
Tim wore a blue sports coat over a white button-down shirt and jeans, with cowboy boots. He appeared to be slightly nervous as he returned to his seat. Mrs. Yarrow went on in her duties as host.
"Next we have Ginger and Rob. They are at the top of the stairs across from Beth and Tim. And they have also been here several times in the past for our special weekends."
Again the handshaking and the tight, sexy hugging, and then they stepped back to better see what each was wearing.
They looked to be in their mid-thirties. Ginger wore a simple green miniskirt with a slightly off-white sweater with a very deep neckline. She had smallish boobs, probably about a B cup, and most of those boobs were showing with her nipples trying to pierce her sweater. Her skirt was so short that I knew she could never sit without showing either pussy or ass.This evening was shaping up to be such a turn on,I commented to myself.
Rob also wore a blue sports coat over jeans, but his shirt was a light blue and he wore what looked like brand new tennis shoes. I was thinking that he was staring just a little too hard at Kelsey's tits, but I let it go. Mrs. Yarrow interrupted my thoughts before I could say anything.
"Kelsey, Todd, this is Jeanine and Greg. They are staying on the second floor all the way down on the right. Jeanine and Greg have also been with us before on a special weekend." They stepped up for the obligatory hugs and handshakes, but Jeanine was the aggressor in this. She pressed hard against my erection and rubbed her tits all over me. When we kissed, her tongue searched for mine and did battle with it. I was almost breathless when we parted, and noticed that Kelsey was short of breath, too, from what seemed to be an equally sexy and sensuous kiss from Greg. And instead of just a hug, Jeanine gave Kelsey a sexy, open-mouthed and sensuous kiss.This couple would need watching for more reasons than one, I grinned to myself.
They seemed to be about forty and they were clearly here to party. Jeanine was wearing a red pantsuit that was made from some light almost wispy material and was skintight but not quite see-through. When facing me, it was obvious that she was braless from the way her tits bounced and swayed and from the hard points pressing against the material. But when she was walking away, I could see there was no back to her outfit at all, showing skin all the way down to her ass, which had about half of her ass cheeks and lots of butt crack showing. And the sides were mostly missing, too. There was plenty of side-boob to make any man happy. Clearly, if she were to turn quickly, one of her boobs would easily escape its surroundings and be on display. And then the other boob would jump out when it bounced back from the turn. I could see that I was going to have to try hard to not stare.
Greg was wearing what looked like a very well tailored white formal dinner jacket over a tight white silk shirt, which was mostly unbuttoned. His toned and very hairy chest was on display. And his matching white slacks were equally tight and well-tailored. Overall, his outfit was impressive.At least it would be to a woman, I chucked to myself.
"And last we have Maria and Jose. They are staying on the second floor all the way down and to the left." I saw before me a classically beautiful Hispanic woman in her mid to late fifties. Her husband was about the same age and quite handsome. She reminded me of Penelope Cruz and he reminded me of Antonio Banderas. And they both oozed grace and charm like Mrs. Yarrow. I found myself drawn to them immediately.
She wore a dark tan almost brown pantsuit that set off her dark brown hair, which she wore long and straight. But the pantsuit was very loose, almost ballooning out from her body. What made her outfit stand out was the slit from the cuff at the ankles to the collar around her neck. She clearly wore no panties or bra, and every time she moved at all, the loose material threatened to uncover something that should remain hidden. And I found myself hoping that she would be moving a lot.
He wore a white turtleneck sweater that offset his jet black beard, which was full but closely trimmed. His slacks were a dark gray, with black patent leather shoes polished to a mirror shine. I tried to not look, but he had the largest bulge behind his zipper that I had ever seen.
"Now, if everyone would make sure they have something to drink, and then we can all sit down. I have some embarrassing questions for each of you so we can get to know each other better." Several of us chuckled, and everyone moved to the bar and helped themselves to more of whatever they were drinking. I noticed several breasts were pressed into my arms as the ten of us moved around, reaching for one form of alcohol or another. And someone actually grabbed my dick for a moment, but I was not sure who it was.
In just a few minutes, we were all sitting in our respective chairs. I noticed that the pantsuit which Maria wore had opened somewhat, revealing all of her right leg and almost showing her bush. And she seemed to be totally oblivious about the skin she was showing. Or else totally unconcerned. And she was angled to give Tim a perfect view of what he obviously hoped would be her pussy, and he was staring intently.
"Okay, then." Mrs. Yarrow got everyone's attention. Of course, her large boobs on prominent display already had the attention of the men there. "Cindy, I know your story from hearing it before, but I don't believe anyone here has heard it before. How did you and Jerry meet? Tell us about it." And Mrs. Yarrow smiled so sweetly that everyone there knew Cindy was going to tell her story again, no matter how many times she had told it before to groups like this.
"Well," Cindy began almost sheepishly, "I met Jerry when he was having sex with another woman." There was a gasp and a couple of giggles, and then Cindy continued.
"We were in college and it was Spring Break. We were in a tall hotel on the beach at Daytona Beach, which was the Spring Break capital before all these other places became so popular. Apparently he was some sort of popular stud on his campus and all the women wanted a piece of him. Well, I was sunning myself on the balcony of my hotel room and I heard some noises coming from the balcony next to mine. I looked up from the book I was peacefully reading and watched a teenage girl dragging Jerry onto the balcony. I had no idea that he was staying in the room next to mine, and no idea who he was. But the teenager was saying all sorts of silly things about how awesome he was and how popular he was and how much of a reputation he had. So I had to get a closer look at the god she was describing. And I decided that he was better than average looking." She smiled over at him and reached for his hand. He smiled back at her, but took over the story.
"But you are leaving out some important parts." He turned to the rest of the couples in the room and but she interrupted his interruption.
"I was only leaving out her parts and your parts." More chuckles followed that comment. But Jerry continued for her.
"I was on the beach playing volleyball and my team was one point from winning a keg of beer. It was my serve and I was confident we were going to win the game. A girl on the front row of the other team said I was going to blow the serve. She had been teasing and distracting my team the entire game, even to the point of pulling down her bikini top each time we served the ball. So, based on her actions, I had decided that she was going to be my prize. I looked right at her and said to her that either I would blow the game or she would blow me. She looked around at her teammates and then back at me. And she nodded her head. I served an ace and our team won the keg. So I told her she could either blow me on the beach in front of everyone or she could come to my room. She chose the room. And that was when Cindy saw us on the balcony." Jerry sat back with a smug grin, and one of the men made an accusation that Cindy was hiding the best part from the group. Jerry smiled and continued.
"I don't think so. The best part is yet to come." Jerry's grin was even bigger and more smug after that last comment.
"So, if I can continue the story?" She looked at Jerry with feigned exasperation, but couldn't hide the smile behind it.
"So, the teenager pulled him onto the balcony, no doubt so that her teenage girlfriends could see her, and then proceeded to make out with Jerry. And I mean MAKE OUT! They were grunting and groaning and moaning and making all sorts of sounds. I had grown up in a morally conservative home and the sounds they were making reminded me of what I heard from the pig farm next to where I grew up." Again, she looked at Jerry with a grin, and he just looked around at the rest of us and shrugged his shoulders.
"I was trying hard to read my book, and considering the option to move inside. Then the sounds almost stopped. That was unexpected, so I looked over to see what was wrong. I saw the slut on her knees with his penis in her mouth. THAT was something that I had been led to believe was disgusting and very unpleasant. But as I watched in horror, it didn't seem to be disgusting OR unpleasant to either one of them." Jerry interrupted her again.
"I'll say!" Everyone laughed this time. Cindy gave him another exasperated look and then continued.
"I desperately wanted to look away but I somehow found the activities on the next balcony fascinating. So I pretended to read my book in case either of them looked over at me, and trusted that my sunglasses would hide the fact that I was actually staring at them.
"I had heard some of the girls I knew talking about oral sex back at the dorm, but I had never talked to one who had actually done it. Remember, this was a few years ago, before the unstated requirement of a date was a blowjob." This last was directed at the youngest couple in the room, Beth and Tim. And Beth looked at Tim with a slight flush on her face. Then she looked down at the floor before anyone could see her embarrassment. Except that everyone had already seen her turn red.
"So I watched with an academic attitude. I thought maybe I could learning something about the sexual activities of the promiscuous women around me without actually having to engage in the dirty deeds." Someone mumbled, "ya, right" and Cindy glared at him, but I couldn't tell who had said it or who she glared at. After a moment's pause, she went on.
"The first thing I noticed was the energy level of the tramp. She was really working it, and it was amazing. The second thing I noticed was that Jerry seemed to be having a stroke or a heart attack. And the third thing I noticed was that Jerry's penis was HUGE! I mean, huge compared to what I expected. I had never actually seen a penis at that time, especially not one fully erect. I couldn't really tell how big it was because some of it was in her mouth. But she had a hand on it with enough leftover for her to choke on." Jerry again looked around the room and shrugged his shoulders. I could see that both of them were really enjoying this story, and I wondered how many times they had told it before.
"After several minutes, Jerry yelled something." Jerry jumped in again.
"She means several hours." Several people laughed at the comment.
"After several MINUTES, Jerry yelled something. And then I saw her pull her head back and let him go. That was the first time I saw his complete penis. It must have been at least four inches long." She paused and looked at Jerry and stuck out her tongue. "Anyway, when she pulled her head back she also tore off her bikini top and held her boobs up in front of him. And then something happened that simply took my breath away. He squirted white stuff all over her tits. It was amazing for this young and innocent teenage girl to see. I was simply breathless, and no longer tried to hide behind my book. I wanted to see more.
"Well, she smiled up at him, then stood up without hiding the fact that she was topless from her admiring friends back on the beach. Then she kissed him and ran into the room and out the door. I have no idea to this day if she ever wiped off his cum or put her top back on." At this point she stopped, as if the story was over. Mrs. Yarrow jumped in at this point.
"Oh, no, you don't! The story does not end there. Please continue." A few comments in agreement seemed to encourage her to continue, even though I was sure that she was going to go on without the encouragement.
"Well, Jerry looked around and seemed to see me for the first time. He looked at me with his characteristic grin and shrugged his shoulders like he does so often." Someone laughed, and Jerry looked around, grinned, and shrugged his shoulders.
"So he walked over to the railing separating our respective balconies and introduced himself. He didn't seem to care that he was still naked, although his penis was decided smaller then. I couldn't believe it, but I actually told him my name. He asked where I was from and I began to tell him a little about me. He actually listened like he was interested. Then he climbed over the railing and joined me on my balcony. I kept trying to not look at his penis, but he seemed to put it proudly on display for me. An hour later, with him still naked, he went back to his own balcony and I realized that I had agreed to meet him at the bar downstairs for dinner that night. We had drinks and then we had dinner and then we had each other. And we have been together ever since that night."
After about two seconds of silence, there was enthusiastic applause from everyone there. A couple of us asked some questions, but I think more out of courtesy than out of real interest.
"So the real question is, do you still think it is disgusting?" The question came from Beth. Cindy took a few seconds to consider her answer, and looked at Jerry. Then she replied, "HELL, NO!" And this time everyone in the room laughed for quite some seconds.
Mrs. Yarrow stopped laughing long enough to look around the room. Her eyes fell on Kelsey.
"Kelsey, this is your first time with us. Todd has been here before and I feel like I know him like a good friend, but he has never been here with a woman before. So I am dying to hear how the two of you met. Do you feel comfortable sharing your story with us?" Kelsey looked at me for a couple of seconds, and then took a deep breath.
"Wow! I don't know if I can top that story." She smiled with appreciation at Cindy, and then took another deep breath. "But topping it or not, I will bet this is a story that no one has ever heard before. I answered a newspaper ad." She paused, with several comments and questions popping out from the members of the group about personal ads and escorts and the like. Kelsey shook her head negatively.
"No, it was nothing like that at all. In fact, I would have never answered an ad like that. No, it was an ad for a housekeeper, but with a twist. Todd wanted light housekeeping services with a little entertainment." This time she was interrupted with all sorts of noises and comments and questions. She looked around and laughed nervously at something.
"Five years ago, my very happy marriage was unexpectedly terminated by a drunk driver, and my husband was the drunk driver. My husband of twenty years was working late and stopped off at a bar on the way home. No one remembers how many drinks he had, but apparently he had enough to let him believe he could challenge an Interstate overpass at 60mph. Well, as you might guess, the overpass won the encounter." I was fascinated by this because we had never spoken about her husband before. I just assumed that it had been a difficult divorce and she didn't want to talk about it.Wow, I had no idea,I thought to myself. Then I realized the horrible and conflicting emotions she must have had concerning his drinking causing his accident. I found myself hanging onto her every word as she continued.
"We were so much in love, almost the storybook romance that our friends used to hold up as the perfect love story. And then he was gone." She paused, as if to remember more, or maybe just to grieve for a moment. Comments like "You poor dear" came from several of the women there. I reached over and took her hand. Maria was sitting on the other side of Kelsey, and she reached over to hold her other hand. After a pause of a few seconds, Kelsey continued, still holding onto both hands.
"After the funeral, I tried to figure out what came next. But nothing made sense and nothing worked out. We had a little money, and a little insurance, but after the hospital bills there wasn't much left. The money only lasted a few years, and during that time I couldn't figure out what to do. I needed a job, but had not worked since we got married. He was a little old fashioned about that. In fact, we were both old fashioned about a lot of things. So I tried to get a job but had no real job-related skills. I had a number of opportunities, but they were always with a male boss who looked at me as if there were expected activities beyond the official job description. In fact, one man actually stated that he would expect blow jobs regularly. His comment was, 'No blow job, no job.' So I walked out on him." Maria almost whispered,Good girl.
"Then, one day I was looking AGAIN at the want ads in the newspaper and feeling really depressed, and one of the ads caught my eye. It asked for a housekeeper. It said, 'Light housekeeping services for old bachelor who wants a clean house and a little entertainment. Excellent pay. Send full length pics,' and it gave an email address and phone number. I kept looking at other ads, but my attention kept coming back to that one ad. I knew I was a very good housekeeper, and I knew that I didn't need too much money, so I wondered what the 'entertainment' involved. After thinking about it for a couple days, I sent an email with three pics of me with my face blotted out, and asked about the entertainment. And that same day he emailed me back a detailed description of the house, the work that would be involved, and the entertainment desired. Basically, he wanted to be teased and tempted. No nudity or sex was to be involved." Kelsey paused and looked around.
"You mean, like a French Maid outfit or something?" With wide eyes, Jeanine seemed to be engrossed in the story. In fact, everyone seemed to be engrossed in the story, including me.
"I mean exactly that. Or something similar. He even said that bra and panties would work if I didn't have an outfit like that. So we talked that evening on the phone. He sounded like a gentleman and he made it clear that there would be no touching unless it was me touching him. He said he didn't want sex, only entertainment. We talked for more than an hour, and we talked about all sorts of things. He sounded very interesting. So I told him I would think about it and call him back the next night. I thought about it a lot. I had never considered anything like this, but I needed a job. So I called him back like I said I would. And I went to work for him that Friday. I guess that's it." She looked at me and I smiled with so much affection that everyone there could see that really wasn't it.
"Oh, come on, Kelsey. We all know there is more to the story than that. Tell us more." Cindy just knew there was more to the story and wanted to hear it all. Kelsey looked at me again, and I nodded in encouragement.
"Well, I have been cleaning his house twice a week for several weeks." Kelsey smiled self-consciously, and seemed hesitant to go much further.
"And had Todd kept to the no-touch rule?" This question came from Ginger, who hadn't said much at all so far.
"Well, for the most part, yes." This time, Kelsey's smile was a little secretive, resulting in more questions.
"Until recently, Todd has been the perfect gentleman. But, yes, things have developed a little over the past week." She looked at me and asked, "Has it been that long?"
"Okay, NOW you have to tell us more." Mrs. Yarrow was more than a little insistent.
"Well, I made the mistake of enjoying his hot tub with him the other evening after work. And one thing led to another, and we are here." But that was not enough for Mrs. Yarrow.
"What thing led to another?"
"Well, one thing like showing me off to his best friend. Another thing like taking me to dinner at a restaurant where others could not see what was going on under the table. And, of course, we can't forget where he fought for my honor against six really big truckers and beat the crap out of them. You know, just things..." With that, Kelsey just grinned a really big grin and sealed her lips.
I took the opportunity to look around and saw everyone leaning forward, keenly interested in the story, hoping for more details. In fact, so into the story that a couple of the women were not paying attention to the show they were putting on.
I saw Beth leaning forward in such a way that her open blouse was spread wide, showing off two smallish but perfect boobs. Jeanine's left boob had popped completely out of her blouse, on full display for anyone looking. And Maria's voluminous pantsuit had shifted to show all of her right leg and thigh, with her dark bush totally uncovered. I found myself wanting Kelsey to continue her story just so I could look at the sights around me.
"Six big truckers, huh? Okay, Kelsey, you have to let us in on that story. Was that what he meant when he commented this morning about things looking bad earlier?" Mrs. Yarrow was clearly wanting to know more, and was sounding a little insistent about it.
"Well, on our way here, we stopped at a little diner that Todd knew about for breakfast. Inside were six very large truckers. They were being a little obnoxious about wanting to see my boobs, and made several rude comments." I broke in.
"You mean about seeing more of your boobs."
"Well, yes, more of my boobs. I had apparently forgotten to totally button my blouse in our hurry to get here, and they were being rude about my cleavage. And when we tried to leave, they lined up between us and the door and said they weren't going to let us leave unless I showed my boobs. And Todd, being the gentleman he is, wasn't going to let them force me to flash the truckers. So they decided they were going to beat up Todd and then force me to flash them anyway. And they lost." Kelsey acted like that was the entire story, and sat back with a very large smile on her face.
"Okay, that is NOT all the story. Tell us more." Mrs. Yarrow was insistent.
"Well, we left a few minutes later with five of the six men on the floor screaming in pain, and not a mark on Todd's face." Again, Kelsey paused as if that was the end of the story. But she couldn't help but add one more thing.
"He was just incredible. He moved so fast that they had no chance. I have never seen anyone fight like that. He really did leave five of them screaming in pain on the floor. He was just... incredible." This time it was clear that she was finished with her story. I almost felt embarrassed by her finishing comments.
This time there was no applause, only silence. I had to say something.
"Well, it was a little more involved than that..."
"Oh, yes, like he stopped a giant of a man with one blow to the chest, leaving him totally unconscious on the floor. And like one of the men came at him with a knife, trying to kill him, and Todd acted like it was nothing, deflecting the knife and destroying the man's face with one hit. It took less than twenty seconds and five very large men were on the floor. Like I said, he was incredible." This last comment was spoken quietly, with her eyes on me. And I saw only admiration and love as I looked deeply in those pools of life. I was overcome, and had nothing more to say.
"A true knight in shining armor. You bring pride to men everywhere, Todd." Jose commented quietly, as if intending for only me to hear him. There was several seconds of silence, and then applause broke out everywhere.
Kelsey was still looking deep into my eyes, and I saw everything wonderful in them. My throat constricted so tightly I knew I could not speak.God, I loved her, I thought.
Comments and questions flowed for several minutes, and then Mrs. Yarrow interrupted.
"Well, those stories took so long that it is almost dinner time. So look around you. How you are now is how you will be through the end of dinner. Sorry, ladies, no adjustments. And, men, you aren't allowed to adjust anything, either. Leave those things proudly erect for dinner." All of the men were sporting obvious erections, and a couple of them looked really uncomfortable. But the wonderful part was that every outfit that could have a wardrobe malfunction was having one. The only disappointment was the fact that as soon as Maria stood up, her pussy would be covered again. But there were several boobs on display, including Kelsey. Somehow both of her tits had escaped the thin material partially hiding them and were fully exposed for the men to view. And I noticed that most of the men were very aware of the display. In fact, I thought that Tim's eyes were bugging out so far that he would need surgery to put them back in place. And, of course, I was particularly distracted by Maria's beautiful dark bush.
"Everyone, please refresh your drinks and let's move to the dining room. I think the kitchen staff has something really special planned for our special weekend." Mrs. Yarrow, ever the gracious hostess, moved us into the next part of our evening.
But before I could get some more of my Crown Royal on the rocks, Kelsey was pulling my sleeve toward the next room, where there was a pool table in the middle of the large room.
"I need you to come with me for a second," she said in a conspiratorial voice. I followed her, not knowing what she wanted. And as soon as we walked around the corner, out of sight of everyone else, she dropped to her knees.
"I am so turned on that I need your cock in my mouth," she exclaimed in a voice entirely too loud for my comfort. In seconds, she had my pants unzipped and my cock out and in her mouth.
"Kelsey, someone might see us!" I exclaimed.
"Do you think I care?" And she swallowed my dick in one move. "Oh, god, I want you so much!" She went after my rod in a ferocious manner. And I was so turned on myself that she had me on the verge of cumming within minutes. I tried to warn her, but she pulled back and pointed my cock at her face. I exploded, spraying her cheeks and forehead and mouth with the largest load I remembered. So much cum found its way onto her face that some of it dripped onto her tits, with a surprisingly large dollop fixing itself to her left nipple.
After draining me dry, she looked up and smiled her wonderful smile. Then she packed my cock away inside my pants and zipped me up. As she stood and turned to the door, I stopped her.
"Honey, don't you think you should clean up before we return to the group?"
"The rules say that whatever we were wearing at the end of the cocktail hour we had to wear to dinner. Besides, I said that last one should last me until supper, didn't I?" She smiled at me in a teasing manner, and turned and left the room.
I simply followed, shaking my head in wonder at this totally hot woman.
[Look for Chapter 10 coming soon...]