Chapter 17 - Sherrie wants Gina to hang out at South Beach
It was Sherrie's idea to order the soft two layered short skirts on Amazon, they were similar to the ones Gina and Karen wore a few weekends ago during a trip to the beach.
Sherri had seen the video of Gina and Karen riding in the back seat of the convertible that Brian had posted to Porn Hub with Gina's permission of course, which made Sherrie a bit jealous she didn't get invited to tag along. The mere thought of riding naked down A1A made her wet between her tanned bare thighs peeking from under the short sundress she was wearing allowing her to show off to truckers. Gina had sent her the link when she driving down the interstate.
The skirts, some girls wear them as cover ups for their skimpy bikini bottoms which they had planned to not wear under them. The two of them, more Sherrie, had planned to do a bit of public exposure during their outing to South Miami Beach just to fulfill their exhibitionist desires and get desired attention from men.
Sherrie is a stay-at-home trophy wife who had anything and everything she desires, except attention from her extremely hard-working husband.
She had become bored years ago and wanted adventure, she finally found a friend with the same desires, needs and lack of modesty.
Sherrie had gone to Amazon and purchased the skirts, arriving the next day after learning of the adventure with Karen. Gina got the leopard print, while Sherrie ordered herself the bright yellow version that matched her revealing one piece. Both were only about eight inches in length, riding extremely low on their hips, neither were long enough to completely cover their round asses.
Gina was more than brave enough, not be bothered with wearing her tiny G-String bottoms she had planned to wear on the beach that day, under the skirt; she merely dropped the strings and beaded bottoms in her bag before leaving the house.
All the while knowing and hoping there would be a breeze that morning to move the skirt around as she walked about South Beach. She decided to wear the black net bikini top that did little more than pretend to cover her nipples atop her heavy "D" boobs on her tiny 4' 10" frame, something she planned to lose as soon as she got on the sandy beach of lower Miami.
As she got to her car, a few of the guys from next doors were arriving from a morning class; Brian, Paul and a third guy she had never met before or maybe didn't remember meeting. As soon as they saw her, they walked over to chat, having not seen her much lately due to her schedule in addition to their classes and ball practice. As well as the fact she was hanging out the small top from the center and sides and had on the tiny skirt peeked their desire to ogle her.
Paul asking if John has seen her latest video on Porn Hub.
The new guy didn't say a word staring at the barely dressed neighbor of the guys.
Of course, they asked where she was heading, walking to the other side of her car to get a better view of her body. Paul was quick to point out the fact her nipples were visible through the top, asking why she was even wearing it.
She just giggled telling them, "I am headed to South Beach to do a little shopping and lunch with Sherrie."
Paul looked down, "That skirts a bit short Ms. G and I am guess like usual there is nothing under it is there, just like a few weekends ago with Karen?"
The new guy was in shock listening to Paul talk to Gina in such a manner knowing she is quite a bit older than the three of them.
She just laughed at them, opening her door, "I have to get going guys and you, I didn't get your name, it was nice meeting you!"
"I am Alvin, like the chipmunk," which made Gina giggle a bit.
As she turned to drop her butt in the seat, she lifted her right leg into the car placing her bag in the passenger seat, Brian and Paul just smiled as the other guy's jaw dropped. Sitting made the skirt even shorter and with one leg in and one still outside she was flashing all three of them her bare spread pussy.
After she started the car, she unlocked the top and hit the switch lowering the top, knowing all three of them had an unobstructed view of her smooth pussy. "Well like I said, I got to get going," bringing her other foot inside, but leaving the skirt bunched up, pulling her door shut. She winked at Paul, "You're right, I would hate to get tan lines!" She leaned forward and reached behind her back untying her top and pulling it over her head stuffing it into her bag with her bottoms.
Alvin just let out an "Oh Fuck!" Seeing Gina's big bare tits as she shifted into reverse to back out the driveway.
She was laughing after leaving the guys staring at her as she drove away. It was just a few minutes, and she was on the interstate with the wind blowing through her air and flipping her skirt around, already excited from flashing her guys, she was on the prowl for big trucks to tease the drivers.
It wasn't long and she was passing a big Swift truck, slowing as she passed the driver's window. She was a bit surprised to see the driver was a young woman who was looking down at her and smiling, giving her a thumbs up. Keeping next to Gina and lifted herself up a bit and flashed Gina her small breasts covered by a cropped tank top. They both started laughing and Gina was forced to pull away by the traffic.
She thought to herself, "Well that was a first!"
She was able to give one more show before getting to her exit, at first, he didn't look down but as Gina passed him she heard the blast from his airhorn, she was guessing he missed out on the best view.
Gina arrived a bit early for the lunch date with Sherrie, she parked in the garage at 5th off A1A knowing it was a bit of a walk to the café. She smiled as a few people saw her driving up topless a few levels to park.
Getting out of her car she grabbed her beach bag, bottle of water and phone, setting them on the hood of her car then she sat back down to raise the top on the car. She closed her door and grabbed her bag and then realized she was still topless. She giggled placing her bag down on the trunk lid and pulling the top out to put it on, this time a bit looser, hoping maybe she might jiggle free, knowing she was about to put on a show regardless as she walked the busy sidewalk of Ocean Drive.
Exiting the garage pausing to wait on traffic before crossing 5th Ave, she pushed the button for the cross-walk light to turn green, a light breeze moved the back of the skirt around a bit just as she had hoped which also reminded her just how short it was as it laid back down against her bare cheeks. When it was time to cross the movement of each step made her skirt shift back and forth, bouncing off her bare ass and exposing her tight firm cheeks accented by the four-inch heels she was wearing.
After passing the ally, a few people at the coffee shop sitting down took notice of her, being seated gave them a much better view of her lack of bikini bottoms or panties. When she got closer, they realized her top was mesh, loose and her nipples were slightly exposed. She just smiled at them knowing they were grinning with approval. Their eyes followed her as she passed them knowing the back view would be just as interesting for them.
Turning the corner at TGI Fridays, she stayed on the side of the road with the shops, instead of crossing over to the beach side of the road, wanting to give as much exposure to the voyeurs as possible. She was proud of her body and was not afraid of sharing her hard work to keep it toned for John, her husband, and her other admirers.
She just smiled and grinned at the people checking her out as the ocean breeze along with each step moved her tiny fluffy skirt around, knowing some people were getting complete peeks as her ass or occasionally her bare pussy as the skirt was flipped around by the ocean breeze. The thin mesh top, although it provided minimal coverage, did little to support her rather large breasts as they swayed and jiggled with each step.
When she got in front of "The Fritz Café" three older men sitting on the sidewalk table, who were people watching and drinking beer, called out to Gina wanting her to stop and chat, also so they could extend the ogling of her almost bare body. None of them were bad looking and they piqued her interest, feeling frisky as it were, she was happy to entertain them for a few minutes knowing she was still a bit early.
They were quick to complement her on her outfit, letting them take in the exposed bottom of her tanned ass cheeks as she kept turning to look for Sherrie. The men telling her how sexy it made her look, which only made her more inclined to talk to them. One of them ordered her a beer as they chatted, Gina standing in front of them, the bottom hem of her skirt almost at eye level in her heels, caused their eyes to dart down each time the tiny skirt moved a little. One of them finally asking if she was wearing anything under her sexy skirt.
She giggled and told them, "Nothing at all, I wore it like this just for your enjoyment."
They offered her a chair while she consumed her beer, knowing if she sat down, she might be there for a while, so she declined the offer to sit. She thanked them for the drink and as she turned to leave, a passing truck gave her skirt the lift it needed to bring the left side up her hip exposing her hip, pussy and ass cheek to them as she walked off, verifying there was nothing at all under the short skirt.
Crossing 6th Street, a car started to turn in front of her but came to an abrupt halt seeing her tanned swaying tits in the see thru top and too short micro mini skirt.
She picked up her pace a bit causing her tits to now bounce, even more, as she did a little jog to clear the intersection, causing the skirt to bounce as well, she just smiled, giving them a little wave, knowing the people in the car got a nice view of her bare tanned ass cheeks.
She continued toward where she was meeting Sherrie enjoying the people gawking at her barely dressed state, knowing those behind her were taking in her mostly bare ass cheeks peeking from under the skirt, which again only made her more excited and damp between her legs.
Approaching the corner of 7th Street at the Majestic Café, the tall buildings on either side created a funnel effect blowing her hair about and flipping the skirt to her waist. She used her hand to pull the hair from her face and mouth as she crossed the street, allowing the skirt to correct itself, making her tingle inside knowing she just crossed the street bottomless.
She continued on past the many hotels, most with sidewalk tables for patrons. They gawked and stared at her short skirt and guys in cars honked horns and hurled comments, some a bit over the top, and requests at her as they passed her.
Sherrie was able to get valet parking at the Café, which meant she didn't get the total experience as Gina did, walking the almost six blocks along Ocean Drive in her tiny skirt and loose top.
Sherrie, a bit taller than Gina, even though Gina was in heels. Her stepping out onto the sidewalk from the car giving the valet her keys and what appeared a flash of white panties under her just as short skirt.
Gina took in Sherrie outfit consisting of almost the same skirt, but in yellow but seemed to cover less due to her height. She wore a white G-String thong under it and strapless bathing suit type top that allowed her more than sufficient natural boobs to overflow the top.
Gina continued toward the News Café at the corner of Ocean Drive and 8th Street, Sherrie husband, she learned, was a silent partner in the venture and new most of the staff well.
Gina's phone rang as she was passing the Starlite Hotel where she had to move against the building as the tables were all the way out to the street. She stopped between the Starlite and Wet Willies at a long ally way, again there was a nice breeze blowing down the opening between the two taller buildings. She took advantage of it to allow more lifting of her tiny lite weight skirt. She was enjoying the people taking in her nakedness under her skirt as she dug the phone out to answer it. It was Sherrie asking where she was, letting her know she had a table on the sidewalk and the short skirt idea was awesome.
Gina told her, "Oh you have no idea; I am at Wet Willies and have been walking for four blocks and showing off my ass the whole way."
"Well keep walking I am at the next corner waiting for you!" Sherrie told her, "Oh I see you, Damn girl you look hot! And that wind is, oh my you're not wearing bikini bottoms!"
"Yeah I saw you when you got out the car; I am coming toward you, watch me cross the street." She giggled, and then hug up her phone.
As she arrived at the corner, she could see Sherrie at the second table from the corner, she knew it would be epic and had her cell phone pointed towards Gina; her timing was perfect as a produce truck came to a stop at the intersection. Gina did her little jog again making her skirt and tits bounce freely under the small top, flashing those in front of her as the skirt bounced too high, which was her plan anyway.
Sherrie stood up, turning off the phone video, to hug her as she got to the small sidewalk table, "Oh lord girl, you're not wearing a thing under that skirt! I saw everything and that top ain't doing much either," she giggled.
"Well, what's under yours," Gina questioned her, "I thought we were doing the total exhibitionist thing today?"
Sherrie laughed at her, "This is what I wore for the drive here, when I was leaving the house, I bent over to grab my bag and Stan about threw a hissy fit because it was so short, then there was nothing under it, knowing I was co
ming here for lunch."
Gina giggled as they sat down, "I have no idea how many people saw under this skirt, but I'm so fucking wet and horny right now you wouldn't believe it." Adjusting the skirt up her bare thighs a bit so that people riding by had a good unobstructed view.
Sherrie looked down at her lap, "Girl, you are showing it all, you know that right?"
Gina giggled again, "You should try it, I mean this was your idea!"
The waiter came to their table, greeting Sherrie by name and took their orders, he kept stealing glances down towards Gina's sheer top, and her bare thighs up to her exposed slit. As soon as he left, Sherrie excused herself to go to the lady's room.
Gina smiled taking in Sherrie bare ass cheeks as she headed up a few steps and inside, as did several other people at the café, including staff who knew her.
She was not gone long and quickly returned, slipping her little backpack bag off her shoulders, turning a bit to set it on the ground next to her chair, then looking back at Gina, "Is that better?"
They both laughed as Sherrie sat down, not as brazen as Gina was with exposing herself, keeping her thighs together but exposing the fact there was now nothing under the skirt. The girls drank their bottle of wine and finished their lunch with constant attention from the waiter. The waiter sensing they were done, brought Sherrie the check, she added a nice sizeable tip and told him, keep what you saw today to yourself, but add it this to Stan's account please.
"Oh yes ma'am, please hurry back, we always enjoy your visits," He told her.
Sherrie grinned at Gina and stood up; turning her ass to the guy and bent over giving him the same view she gave her husband earlier that morning, smooth shaved puffy lips and an inviting asshole. The two of them laughed as they walked to the corner and crossed Ocean Drive onto the sidewalk leading to the sand volleyball courts prior to the beach.
Before heading down the handicap walkway, they both slipped out of their heels, then headed over the dunes as the breeze blew their skirts about causing a pause in play at the nets by the guys watching the older, but extremely sexy older women. They crossed the low dunes and headed to the cabana shack, renting two chairs for the day. It was a weekday so there were not a lot of people on the beach, the slight offshore breeze made the heat a little more bearable.
The young cabana boy was eager to help the two beautiful older ladies as he watched their skirts rise and fall, offering to set up an umbrella for them as well.
Gina told him, "Not at the moment but maybe later, why don't you check back in a few hours." They set their bags down on the lounges. She looked up and down the beach to see who might be watching them, especially kids, luckily there were not any around this afternoon.
While Sherrie was getting her towel set up and clamped down, Gina dropped her skirt leaving her bottomless as she shoved the skirt in her bag and pulled out a tiny what looked more like a bracelet, nothing but tiny strings and small pieces of metal what looked like small horse bit charms and silver beads that formed a tiny G-string and stepped into it.
"Oh my lord girl where did you get that, I love it, is that even legal? And I thought mine was daring." Sherrie stared at the sting disappearing into the top of her slit, leaving her lips completely exposed.
Gina just giggled and walked down to the water's edge where a small group of college age guys were hanging out, excited to be practically bottomless on the beach and being ogled by the younger guys.
She knew she had several of the guy's attention, and more were turning her way the closer she got realizing what she, or more wasn't wearing. She stood there for a minute or two about mid-calf deep as the waves lapped at her knees. Knowing she had their full attention she turned to walk back to her lounge as Sherrie was walking back with two bottles of water.
Knowing the guys were checking out her bare ass, she reached back and pulled the strings at her back for her top, then pulled it over her head freeing her large breasts to the warm sun. Sherrie just stared at her again in awe at how brave she was in public; Sherrie was used to exposure, but with admirers at more of a distance like on her husband's boat or with people she knew.
With the guys watching Gina as she got to Sherrie, she smiled to her, "Drop the skirt, I have their attention already, change into your bottoms."
She didn't even think about it, feeding off Gina's actions she pushed the yellow skirt off her hips, quickly stepping out of it to pick it up, then shoving it into her bag. Before she could pull her bottoms out Gina asked for a bottle of water to delay her covering up, knowing the college age guys were all watching them.
As she leaned over to hand her the water, Gina grinned, "Now the top too."
Sherrie just smiled at the suggestion and reached back releasing the clasp holding her top on, then shoving it into her bag as they heard comments from the guys about her being naked and her sizeable tits.
"Exciting isn't it?" Gina giggled as Sherrie pulled the bottoms from her bag and slipped into them. They didn't provide much more coverage than Gina's strings, but it did cover her clit unlike Gina's, as the sting connecting the tiny patch of material disappeared into her lips.
"Very, I have never been topless on this beach, let alone naked. Too many people here know me."
After they got comfortable, Gina asked Sherrie if she was planning to wear panties at the golf tournament.
Sherrie grinned at the thought of it, "Stan would die, what are you going to do, are you wearing any?"
Gina laughed, "I don't own panties any longer, tossed them all!" She moved her feet to the edges of the lounge spreading her knees apart for any voyeurs walking past, knowing she was totally on display.
Sherrie's mouth dropped open, "All of them, why?"
Gina went into the story of how boring their sexy life had become until the guys moved in next doors and how one thing led to another, and she reverted to how she acted in college. Continuing to explain in college John had loved showing her off anytime, especially her big firm tits, and anywhere. Telling her it wasn't uncommon for her to leave bars and parties in next to nothing, sometimes less, I have fantasies about still doing it again.
"My large firm tits made me very popular." Gina ended the story about Johns friends always ogling her just like the guys next doors do now.
Sherrie listened in awe, as Gina explained how fun sex had become again and how excited she got, knowing she was being watched. "So like what if those guys come over to chat?" Looking over at the fellows watching from a distance.
"Well I hope you follow my example." Gina grinned. "Should I wave them over?"
Sherrie looks at her, "No that might be a bad idea," then giggles.
After about thirty minutes, a few more guys had joined the ones in the water, they were from the volleyball area. "Come on, let's go cool off," Gina grabs Sherrie's hand pulling her up as they head towards the water in their tiny bottoms and topless. They see all the guys watching them as they near the water, Sherrie's and Gina's heavy boobs swaying with each step.
As they get near one of the guys calls out, "Come join us, the water is better over here."
Gina grins at Sherrie, takes her hand leading her towards them, wanting them to have a up-close view of both of them. As they near Gina hears one of them say, "Told you she wasn't wearing anything but some strings, my sister has one of those."
Gina laughs, "Which one of us are you referring too?" He is surprised she heard him.
They all laugh, one of them says "You ma'am, but your friends isn't much bigger it appears."
The guys not sure which of them to take in first, Sherries tall slender body and boobs larger than Gina's with a slight mature slop, or Gina's short stature and huge teen looking firm tits.
After chatting with the guys, the girls tell them they have to go cook the other side of their body's for a while. They beg them to stay a bit longer, but they leave telling them they will be around for a while. Hearing one of them say, "They both look fucking naked walking away like that!"
Walking back Sherrie tells Gina, "Did you just invite them over to chat with us?"
Gina giggles, "I hope so, and did you see how hard you made some of them under those suits?"
They both giggle like teenagers as they get back dropping the lounges down so that are flat. But before Sherrie can lay down Gina giggles, "You don't want tan lines on your ass do you, take off your bottoms."
"WHAT!" she replies?
Gina giggles again, "Nothing will be showing that's not already showing, and then you can fantasize about those young bucks seeing us naked on this beach. We can put them back on when we turn back over, not that mine even covers anything."
"You are crazy, my husband would have a fit if he knew I was naked on the beach like this, flirting with those younger guys." Then she laughs, drops her bottoms and hurries to lay down on her stomach.
Gina slowly does the same thing, taking time to straighten out her towel before laying down. She spreads her feet again for maximum exposure of herself to get sun between her thighs and for anyone walking past to take a peek at her.
It is not long before a few of the guys are walking up realizing the two women were now completely naked, "Hum excuse us but, if ya'll aren't busy tonight, we are here for Josh's bachelor party and we will be at Wet Willies later if you two would like to come hang out with us."
Gina looks over her shoulder at the guys looking at her and Sherrie asses and whatever else is in view. Smiling seeing a few of them rearranging their cocks in their shorts, "Well, we are both married," She tells them. "I don't know if our husbands would approve."
Gina bringing a knee up as she twists a bit to look over her shoulder better, watching the guys eyes go to her spread pussy.
"Yeah we saw the rings but you two seem like you would be fun to party with and well we all like you're not shy about your bodies either."
Sherrie laughs, "Wouldn't have anything to do with the fact we are both rocking MILF bodies and laying here naked would it."
One of the guys laughs, "Oh we didn't notice that! Nevertheless, you are both extremely hot ladies and yes very naked. You could wear that to Wet Willies if you want!" All the guys laugh at his comment.
Gina giggles, "Well we didn't bring anything to wear clubbing, just our bikini covers and bikinis."
"Come on its Wet Willies on South Miami beach! You can wear as little as you want, you know that," another suggests.
Sherrie giggles at the ogling college guys, all half her age, flirting with the two of them. She can feel the dampness between her legs and her nipples getting hard as their eyes scan her entire body, watching her bare ass.
She looks over at Gina and winks, and then turns over bringing the back of her lounge up. She lifts her knees up a bit, asking "What time will you guys be there?"
Knowing she is now showing them even more of her thick spread pussy, something she had never done this up close before in public.
They just stare at her, trying to come up with a time, taking in this married cougar totally on display to them, rocking her knee back and forth, fighting the urge to reach down between her legs.
Gina finally suggests around 9:30 after they grab a bite to eat, saying "We will try to stop by for just a drink or two."
The guys are all excited they were at least thinking about it, as they head over to join the rest of their group to share the good news.
Sherrie looks over at Gina who says, "I think I may have had an orgasm when I did that. Holy Shit!"
Gina asks her, "Yeah I saw you rocking that knee back and forth. Didn't you do any flashing last year at the tournament?"
Sherrie giggles, "Well yes but just my tiny panties and ass cheeks, maybe a nipple here and there, nothing like today!"
"Well that may change this year," Gina giggles.
Sherrie has never had problems turning heads, but this new experience has released a new fetish she didn't realize was hiding deep down within her, the excitement of being seen when one not supposed to be, and how easy it can bring on an orgasm.
They slip their bottoms back on to go for a walk, if you can call the tiny garments that, and do some of their own people watching for a while, knowing they are also being watched. They spend the rest of the day soaking up sun, walking back and forth to the water topless, catching a few guys snapping pictures of them. Sherrie enjoying the voyeurs looking between her thighs, knowing there is very little covering her pussy, but hoping no one recognizes her.
As the sun started to set and the temperature began to drop a bit, Sherrie follows Gina's lead as they strip off their bottoms again taking their time to gather their towels, lotions and water bottles before slipping back into their skirts, then tying their bikini tops back on. Sherrie again telling Gina how erotic it was to just be naked in public and in front of all these people up close and personal.
Gina laughs, "How daring are you willing to be if we meet them at Wet Willies in a few hours wearing only what you have on now?"
Sherrie fans her face, "Are you serious, you are really thinking about really going there, I mean the beach is one thing but clubbing with a bunch of horny college guys with us almost naked to start with?"
"Oh yeah, and you're coming with me!" The two of them head back across the sand to the walkway in their short skirts asses exposed as the evening breeze lifts the back of their tiny skirts once again.
They stop at one of the public showers just before the sidewalk to rinse off their legs and feet to remove the sand and salt. "Where do you want to eat dinner?" Gina asks her.
Sherrie suggests they stop at Clevelander Bar for drinks and a lite dinner, it is on the way to Wet Willies at the corner of 10th street, she tells Gina, "There are bars around the pool area if we want to rinse off better in the clean water." Sherrie cuts her eyes at Gina grinning.
After crossing Ocean Drive, they head to Gina's car to drop off their beach bags before heading to eat. Still turning heads in their tiny skirts walking on the crowded sidewalks, Sherrie finds herself getting more turned on by her brash exposure as the evening breeze picks up.
As they return from the car walking to the front of the Clevelander Bar entrance, Gina points out empty stools at one the bars on the property. They round the corner and head to where Gina wanted to go sit, knowing they would be on display to people in the bar and from the sidewalk. There are plenty of people lounging around the pool, sitting at tables and at the bars around the pool area. Gina smiles to herself knowing those in the lounges have views up their tiny skirts, watching the heads turn as they walk past.
Once at the bar Gina asks the people, mostly barely legal to drink age younglings, if the seats are taken, eyes go to her boobs and exposed nipples through the mesh bikini top. She doesn't wait for an answer as she slips up on the stool, doing her best to keep herself covered, but it is not happening in the tiny skirt, knowing her ass is becoming even more exposed as she sits.
Sherrie walks around her to the next stool, also trying to be more lady like pushing the skirt between her legs, but as she sits, she realizes she is now uncovered as well as the back of the skirt raise as she sits. People around them are taking in the two almost naked women, as a few guys immediately tell them to please take the seats and start chatting with them paying more attention to their boobs and bare upper thighs.
Sherrie orders a bottle of wine for them as the guys ogle them. Sherrie keeps her knees tight together now that she is seated around fully clothed people, unlike the beach where most everyone was exposing some skin. Gina not as concerned allows the guys around her to see a bit more of the bare slit.
The girls order appetizers as their meals sharing them and drinking the wine while chatting to the guys, all much younger than they are, all trying to impress them with wild tales of their family's wealth and fast cars.
After finishing their first bottle of wine, Gina excuses herself to go to the ladies' room, sliding off the stool, a lot less lady like than when she sat down, giving those watching a nice wide spread thigh flash of her moist pussy lips. She knows she should give the skirt a tug down but is enjoying the buzz from the wine and the stares she is getting knowing she is exposing herself to everyone around the pool who is looking up as she passes.
Walking in she stops to check herself out in the restroom mirror, she sees her pussy lips were exposed for the walk across the pool area to the ladies room, she turns realizing her ass was also totally on display, the skirt having rode way up on her hips, it only makes her wetter as she runs a finger through her wet slit giving her clit a few passes but resists the urge to get herself off at the moment, knowing it wouldn't take much.
She does her business and returns to the mirror, she reaches back and unties her top to loosen it knowing they are about to head to Wet Willies, retying the top of the mesh top to allow it to now hang over her nipples, instead of supporting her breasts. Giggling, she loosens the back string, allowing the strig to hang draped down across her back, the top just hanging freely against her body. The top now barely covers her hard nipples allowing even more of her huge boobs to also be exposed, knowing they may slip free at any moment by merely moving or walking the several blocks away to the bar.
Looking down at her exposure in the mirror below the skirt, she gives it a bit of a tug lowering it on her waist to cover her pussy lips before heading back to the bar.
It was like people were waiting on her to return as she walks back across the pool area feeling her boobs giggle and swaying freer now completely supported by the bikini top, the loose triangle covering her nipples. She gives her ass a little extra swing knowing she is the center of attention.
Back at the bar, she asks Sherrie if she is ready to go, it is getting late.
"Yeah, let's finish off this second bottle before we go," Sherrie replies. Gina slips back up on her stool, leaning forward her top falls away coming to rest against her chest having shifted a little to the left putting both nipples totally on display now. Sherrie just shakes her head smiling at her. When the glasses are emptied, the two of the head out to A1A at the protest of the young oglers especially now that Gina's top was shifting on and off her chest.
Leaving, Gina adjusting her exposure as they step out onto the sidewalk, if only to briefly conceal her hard excited nipples.
After the dinner and two bottles of wine, the pair head down Ocean Drive towards Wet Willies to at least make an appearance for the guys. Walking down the now much more crowded sidewalk with their tanned bare asses half on display as their short skirts again bounce off their firm asses and Gina's top moving with each bounce of her boobs.
Sherrie suggests they swing over to Collins to the bikini shop for a different top, telling Gina, "I want less of a top, less modest, something like yours maybe, I think the girls want to show off a bit more."
Gina just giggles as she watches Sherrie and other people staring at her big swaying boobs, her top barely staying in place over her nipples as she walks, heads turning as they pass people knowing they will be seeing their mostly bare asses after they pass.
They turn right on 9th to Collins and turn left for the block and a half to Beach Bunny's. As soon as she walks in, she sees what she wants, a knitted lace up cotton top that one of the petite young salesgirls is wearing, even though she is not filling it out near as well as Sherrie will be in moments.
Sherrie pulls one off the hanger in her size and looks for changing room. But Gina takes it from her grabbing the next size down.
Gina giggles, "Try it on right here!"
"But!" as Gina reaches to her back releasing the plastic claps holding her top on. Before she can argue, she is topless in the shop full of tourist, trying to figure out how to get the top on.
Several people are watching, a few in shock as she pulls it on over her head, getting her hands through the sleeves. Her nipples still on display as she starts to pull the strings apart making it wider to go over her much larger boobs. Then she laces up the front bringing the two knit panels over more over her nipples than her boobs, the top obviously made for women with a lot less tits than she has. Needing a large size, Gina shakes her head no, she has to leave the center panels gapped open showing off the curves of her ample cleavage tying it in place with a simple bow to keep it from spreading apart at the center which would allow her nipples to spill out.
Gina pops the price tag off it and hands it to Sherrie so she can go pay for it, stuffing the bikini top in her purse. Sherrie only has a small purse big enough for her keys, ID and credit card. After paying for it they were back out on the street, the knit top now doing very little to support her rather large swaying "D's", Gina used her phone to take a few selfies of them before heading down the block to Wet Willies.
They get to the bar just before 10:00, heading up the stairs to the second floor where the bar is located, giving the people behind them excellent up skirt showing off their asses and puffy lips. Finding the bar already packed with people as the DJ blasting thumping dance music throughout the building. Heads immediately turn to watch the two barely dressed beautiful older ladies as they make their way towards the bar. Even though there are also many other college age ladies in skimpy outfits, the two of them attract attention being there alone and exposed.
At the bar, they order a purple drink with vodka and something pink with rum, the guy ogling them tells the bartender to put them on his tab. Gina reaches out giving him a hug to thank him running her hand up his arm, his hand goes to her back and slides down verifying there are no panty lines at her waist. She just giggles and steps away looking for the guys from the beach, his finger brushing her ass cheek.
As she and Sherrie turn to walk away, she hears the guy say to his friends, "Damn look at those hot asses!"
Sherrie leans over to Gina, "If he only knew! And your nipple is peeking out again."
Gina just giggles, "I know and the guy who bought our drinks grabbed my ass too!"
I only takes a few minutes for them to find the guys who invited them, they are already drinking heavy and a bit drunk. One of them yells to the much larger group than at the beach, "Those are the two who were naked showing off their pussy's at the beach."
Which causes everyone hearing him to turn around and look their way. The guys make room at the two tables they are standing at, making guys move to give up their bar stools.
As the two of them slid up on the stools they make no effort to keep the skirts in place flashing the guys and the few girls that had joined them. "See I told you, no fucking panties!" One of the guys says a bit loudly to the group. The two of them just look at each other and laugh at the drunk guys, Gina makes a halfhearted attempt to cover up the exposed nipple after bouncing up on the stool.
Gina leans over to Sherrie, "Let's have fun, spread your legs like you did at the beach."
One of the guys telling two of the college girls, "See that's how you are suppose to wear those damn skirts!"
They laugh at him, "Who says we aren't!"
He tries to run his hand up her skirt but she pulls away, preventing him from checking.
Sherrie watches as Gina turns away from the table to face more of the guys standing around them and towards the crowded bar, leaving her knees apart, the tiny leopard print skirt riding up and falling even more to the sides of her bare thighs well up to her waist.
"So, who is who here tonight?" extending her hand out to one of the guys looking straight down at her lap. Sherrie just grins turning on her stool facing away from the table as well, not caring who is looking at her spread thighs and pussy anymore.
The guys are all taking shit to the women who are old enough to be their moms, one of the inebriated guys staring at her chest asking Gina how much her up-grade cost her. She just laughs at him, knowing she does have great tits for a woman her age.
"These are all mine honey." She tells him. "Had them since high school!"
That's when she realizes it was a set up as he asks if he can feel them to make sure.
Sherrie is laughing at her listening to them as all the young guys looking on as most of her left nipple is already exposed. "Let him have a squeeze, Gina!"
Another drunk guy yells to her, "Yeah let's see them, like on the beach!"
"Yeah, take the top off! Let them loose, show these little shy girls how real women show off," yells someone else.
Sherrie keeps laughing, "You have a fan club, don't disappointment!" giving her a wink.
Gina's mouth drops open, acting embarrassed, as she feels the knot on her back being pulled undone, the top comes up a bit actually covering her nipples a bit better, but the strings fall to her sides exposing a lot more side boobage. All the guys laugh and cheer, but Gina makes no move to tie it back.
She looks at the guy who asked if they were real, moves her hands up to her hair locking her fingers, "Ok, you tell me."
He smiles at her, "Your top is in the way."
"Well take if off me then!"
The guys all WOOHOO and cheer. As one of the other guys says, "Hell I'll do it!" reaching behind her neck finding a string and tugs it, pulling the top away from her chest. More cheering and yelling from the guys as Gina sits before them topless, her pussy on display as well, more people trying to look on to see what is going on at the table.
The guy reaches out grabbing two handfuls of her huge boobs groping her as everyone looks one, "Oh yeah, these are the real deal." As he keeps massaging her tits then pulling on her nipples making them harder.
Two more guys push his hands aside to get a feel too before she finally covers up with her arms, laughing at them. She grabs her top back and loosely ties it behind her neck to put it back on, just tight enough on the top to keep her nipples covered like it was before they untied it, but Sherrie ties the back so loose it hangs almost looped completely down on her back.
"Let's go dance!" Sherrie yells out. Pulling Gina off her stool to the safety of the dance floor.
"Oh fuck that felt wild." Gina laughs as she hangs on Sherrie as they get to the dance floor followed by several of the drunk college guys.
Once they start to dance, Gina's top is on and off her big tits as they sway to her dancing. Paying no attention to her exposed ass as the tiny skirt creeps up her waist, while the seven or eight horny drunk young guys surround the two of them. Sherrie is grabbed around the waist pulled into the front of one of the guys who starts to grind into her ass.
She doesn't care pushing back against to his growing meat as she rides his leg between her thighs. His hands on her waist, she can feel the skirt going higher and just lets it go as she closes her eyes, her hands on the guy's shoulder in front of her, he is looking down watching her skirt going higher from her hips to her waist.
The guys around Gina tower over her short stature, where those around her can't really see her. She is bent forward by the guy behind her as he grinds into her pushing her tiny skirt higher up her back, she can feel his hardness as well, then grabs for her top as it is untied again and quickly pulled away.
She stands up, but not quick enough to see who pulled her top off. Standing brings her boobs into reach of the guys around her as hands start to grope her bare tits again. She doesn't stop them this time enjoying the sensation from the attention of these young guys.
She realizes her skirt is well above her ass now, well up on her sides, almost wishing they had pushed it down instead. When the song ends, she realizes she needs to get off the dance floor to give her boobs a break. She puts an arm across her boobs and grabs Sherrie, "break time!"
The two of them tug the skirts back down over their asses on the way to the tables. Sherrie's lace up top now untied, her right nipple showing through the now wide opening when she realizes Gina had lost her top completely. "Holy Shit Girl, they tried to strip me out there, but I kept my top on, where is yours?"
"I have no idea; one of them took it when they had me bent over." She giggled, "I let them push my skirt up, I wish they had pushed it down my thighs though, I really don't care at this point I am so drunk and fucking horny!"
Sherrie looked at her, "I know what you mean, and they had fingers inside me out there! I know it is so wrong but, Oh my they made me cum several times!"
The guys help them back up on the stools giving them fresh drinks, Sherrie adjusts her top enough to cover her nipples, the gap now much wider, she leaves the strings untied and hanging down, what little there is now. Gina sits with her arm across her chest still to keep the hands off her. "Ok you guys, you have to take it easy with us, we are both married and who the hell took my top?"
No one confesses, leaving her topless, to laughs and cheers from her guys surrounding them.
They down a good bit of the strong alcohol laced slushies, Gina gradually dropping her arm exposing her big firm boobs again, neither one making the skirts covering anything sitting very un-lady like. Gina is so short, unless you were standing next to her you didn't know she was topless with all the guys around her.
On their third drink there at Wet Willies, felling no pain from the three bottles of wine eariler the guys get them to go dance again, Gina wanting her top back, but the guys just take her hands and pull her to the dance floor surrounding her again, Sherrie is near her, but she can't see her this time.
Again, a guy is grinding into Gina's bare ass to the loud thumping of the bass, getting her to bend forward quickly pushing the skirt up her back again, allowing her big boobs to swing freely as guys try to grope them, she can feel the elastic of the skirt under her boobs.
Sherrie is dealing with five guys this time as hands go under her skirt, under her lacy top, others pushing the top higher while it is being un-lacing a little at a time, the string pass through the eyelets one set at a time. She closes her eyes as fingers again start to explore her wet pussy, bushing lightly across her ass hole looking for access to her already filled pussy.
Sherrie is so drunk she has lost all inhibitions as she feels a pair of lips start to suck her left nipple. She holds the guy's head running her finger through his hair as she drops her own head back, feeling another gushing orgasm release from between her thighs.
Gina is pushing back into the guy behind her bouncing her bare ass into his hard cock beneath his shorts, wanting him inside her. She is hanging onto the guy's waist in front of her with one hand and starts to rub him through his shorts with the other, a bid amazed as to what is growing beneath them. Into the second song the guy unzips his shorts for her, which is all the coaxing she needs to pull his cock free and start to blow him hidden in the crowd, with him covered by her long blonde hair. Before the song can end, he unloads down her throat.
When the song is over the DJ starts announcing drink specials, the dance floor starts to clear and the girls head back to the table, Gina not caring this time, the group of guys somewhat hiding her on the way to the table. Sherrie trying to pull her now loose top up to cover her tits, one of the sleeves ripped from the top hanging at her elbow, the other side half un-laced is pulled down to under her big boob, she is tugging her shirt back down that's now stretched out a bit from the overzealous college guys.
Sherrie wraps her arm around Gina's neck, "These guys are like animals, hands and lips everywhere, I can't believe I am enjoying this!" She pulls Gina's skirt back down for her.
Gina leaning against the stool her eyes now barely open she is so drunk, her skirt still up on her waist not caring as the guys all trying to hide her exposed body from the bouncers.
At the table a few of the guys keep groping them, even getting one of the girls in of feeling Sherries huge tits, another girl working on the stings on Sherries top again exposing more and more of her big heavy boobs, to the point they are no longer covered. Seeing they are no longer stopping any advances from any of the college guys and girls, one of the guys suggest they all go outside for air, the guys grab their bags as few of the others lead them to the rear of the bar to an exit onto the balcony.
Gina attempts to keep her arm across her nipples, but the guys keep taking her hand to hold it, parading her through the crowd like a trophy. Too drunk to even think about the bikini top in her purse, maybe not caring.
Once on the rear balcony, the girls are surrounded by at least a dozen guys. A few of the guys suggest pictures with the groom, placing him between Gina with her skirt up to her waist and Sherrie, her skirt almost covering her. The two college girls getting in on the picture flashing their small boobs as well.
After a few pics they encourage Sherrie to lose her top as well, helping her pull what is left of it off. A few more pictures later and the guys are pulling their skirts down their thighs leaving them naked for more pictures as the guys and girls trade places, and grope the older women, the two college girls groping and being groped.
One of the guys suggests they slip down the stairs out of public view to the ally before they get in trouble. Someone grabs the skirts and whats left of Sherries top as the guys lead the two now naked and giggling cougars down the steps.
Once around the corner, the girls start to take more pictures getting them to bend over, then groping and fingering them, the girls start to return the gropes to the guys rubbing them through their shorts feeding off each other's comments.
They lead the girls further down the alley behind the building, into the alley between the buildings a bit more out of the light, they can still see people and car passing the other end of the ally on A1A.
Gina is the first one to be bent over as a guy drops his shorts, as soon as she felt him searching for a hole, she reached back guiding him into her wet pussy.
Seconds later Sherrie is holding onto a dumpster as she is being fucked from behind also, her large tits swinging and bouncing, as they are both being videoed.
Sherrie is shifted away from the dumpster and offered a cock that she eagerly takes between her lips as the hard college guy, half her age pumps her from behind filling her with more than she has hand in a long time.
The guys don't let up fucking the two women continually, using their pussy, mouths and asses all the while taking pictures and video with their phones. The girls didn't realize the guys, once finished with one of them, they were going back inside telling the others about the gang bang out back.
It was well after 2:30 am when the girls realized they had been abandoned in the alley, naked and used.
Looking about in the dark alley, Sherrie finds their clothes and purses in a pile against the wall by the dumpster, sorting out the small pile slipping the tiny skirts on, Gina, a bit sobber now realizes she is still going to be topless, which may make for an interesting walk back to where she had parked several blocks away.
Looking up and down the dimly lit alley referred to as Ocean Court, she laughs, "Well I could just walk it topless, there is not really anyone I can see."
Sherrie tries to lace her top back up in the dark, managing to get her sore boobs covered, but the loose knit is completely unlaced, and she can't see to fix it, the material is a bit rough on her now sensitive abused nipples as she tries to get it on. "Come on, you like being naked and your car in the closest." She holds the top in place the best she can with her arm.
They both laugh as they start to make their way down the alley, they are both a bit cautious not knowing who or what might be hiding in the dark doorways or walkways between the buildings where the homeless like to sleep. When they get to 6th Street they peek around the corner and see several people around a few cars laughing and partying next to the Barrizon Hotel to the left, there are also people in front of the pizza place to the right.
Gina says, "Fuck it, lets turn down 6th, I think that will be safer." Putting her arm across her still hard nipples, unable to hide her big boobs.
They cross the road trying to avoid being seen, but as they pass under the streetlight across from the pizza place, they hear someone yelling to them. "Holy shit baby," "Look at that ass," "Baby you got any shirt on?" They keep walking knowing they are both showing off their asses and more to both groups of people.
When they get to the corner of Collins Avenue knowing she is one block from the garage, Gina turns left on to the more public road having already been seen, and not wanting to be caught on one of the not so public streets or alleys.
There is minimal traffic on Collins with all the shops closed, Gina no longer caring, drops her arm, allowing her bare boobs to bounce as they walk down the mostly deserted sidewalk, Sherrie still attempting to keep her boobs covered.
About halfway down the block, they cross over to the other side of the street in anticipation of turning down 6th to where the parking garage is located. It is only half a block to the garage and up the stair to the third level where Gina's car is parked.
As they approach the car Gina opens her bag to get her keys out to find Sherrie's bikini top she had stuffed in the purse earlier in the evening, pulling it out they both start laughing realizing Gina didn't have to make the walk topless hiding in the alleys, not that it would have helped Sherrie much with her top destroyed by the college guys.
Gina unlocks the car and the two of them slip in, after cranking the car she just sits their and starts laughing, she released the latch to the top and pushes the button to drop the convertible top. "Are you putting my top on or are you still wanting to show off those tits of yours?"
Gina laughed at her, "And yours, are you going to join me?" as she backed out the parking spot and headed down the ramp to the exit, turning right onto A1A and left to onto 5th Street, then turning left towards the beach two blocks away.
"Oh My Lord Girl do you ever stop?" Sherrie laughed, as Gina pulled up to the red light at Ocean Dr., stopped next to the Ocean Five Condos where there is a pizza place on the first floor at the corner. A small group of people, mostly guys, standing on the sidewalk noticed the two attractive ladies in the topless convertible that were just as topless as the car. Well one of them was, Sherrie was just showing off a lot of exposed skin and cleavage, and her nipples were visible up close through the starched out and ruined top hanging to the sides.
A few of the guys move closer for a better look not wanting to miss a chance to see naked hotties, under the street light a few have a view down inside the car seeing the bare legs and skirts so short even more of them is on display, of course that intrigues them to move even closer.
"Damn sweetie, why ain't you topless too?" one of them asks her now looking down into her lap at her exposed pussy, one hand holding a piece of her top in place.
Gina laughs, "I know right!" The light turns green but she doesn't move letting them see Sherrie and herself on display. A few more people walking the sidewalk now also take notice of the guys gathering around the car chatting and gawking at the two mostly naked women.
As the light cycles to red and back to green, Gina waves good-by and pulls away turning left onto Ocean Drive.
Continuing North on Ocean several people get a peek down into Gina's car at the two ladies on display for the short five blocks to 10th street, especially Gina's big bare tanned breasts she is making no attempt to cover.
Gina slowly drives several blocks, before returning back to the News Café where Sherrie had left her car with the valet, still looking for more voyeurs enjoying all the attention she had received this evening. As she turned into the temporary Valet parking spot in front of the cafe, A young man comes bouncing around to Gina's side of the car, "Valet parking ma'am... oh my!"
He sees her big tanned bare breasts, bare legs and way too short skirt that exposes her partially spread thighs to him. Then he looks over at Sherrie with her matching skirt, her thighs a bit closer together not displaying as much and a nipple no longer covered. She just giggles, "No but I do need you to be a dear and run and get my friends car for her." Sherrie has to open her purse and dig out her ticket allowing both tits to come spilling out into his view, she hands him her ticket, as he just stares down at both of the practically naked women.
"Oh, OH, yes ma'am," he heads off to the garage as they wait on display to people walking the sidewalk who are able to check out Gina's body still on display her being in the driver's seat, the car door blocking most of Sherrie.
While waiting Gina giggles seeing the tables are closer to the café awning, forcing people to walk out closer to the street where Gina is parked. Giving them the opportunity to looking down into her car mere feet away where they can't help but see the two of them, hearing several comments like; "Oh my" and "Damn it, did you see her."
"I dare you to strip before he gets back!" Gina giggles.
"Oh Gina no, these people who own this cafe know my husband and I," she looks up and down the street, noticing people looking at both of them.
Come on everyone can see most of us already, as Gina runs her hand up Sherrie's bare thigh dipping her pinky finger into her bare juicy slit. "Damnit girl stop it!" They both laugh as Gina continues her hand up to Sherrie's breast, pulling the lace shelve down her arm, and then pinching her hard sensitive nipple.
As she flicks her nipple she begs her, "At least take the top off for me!" As Gina pulls on remaining sleeve down her forearm, bringing the top with it, allowing more of her firm large breast to slip into view.
The guy pulls up behind Gina's car with Sherries BMW. He hurries to Gina's passenger door opening it for Sherrie to step out, the top falling off Sherrie and out the door on to the curb.
Gina leans over placing her hand behind Sherrie neck pulling her closer, bringing her lips to Sherries. The two of them start to make out in front of the Valet, Gina's hand gropes her tit as a few more people pause to watch the show. "To bad Brian wasn't with us tonight, imagine the video he could be posting of us, I know John would jerk off to it, think Stan would?"
"You're just evil!" Sherrie tells her giving her another passionate kiss as she swings her right leg out of the car onto the sidewalk unconsciously spreading herself for the Valet who just stares at her gooey glistening pussy lips oozing cum from earlier.
The guy just extents his hand out to offer her the keys and watches as she steps out of the car topless with her short skirt high on her hips, observing her tight tanned bare ass wiggling to her car. As she gets into her car, he turns his attention back to the mostly naked Gina as she waits for him to close the door. "Ah, door please?" she giggles.
He realizes he is staring and apologizes pushing the door closed, stepping up onto the sidewalk. Gina gives him a wink and drives off heading home.