Fictional story where all characters are 18 years of age or older.
*
I began learning about sex at school, now at 18, I still don't know much, the classes at school were very vague and more clinical than practical. To help educate myself, I go on the internet, which led me to looking at porn.
One day, while I was on a porn site, I saw a category called exhibitionism. I began to look around to see what it was about. As I was scrolling though the pictures, I saw a girl that looked a lot like my mother when she was younger, but I thought that cannot be her. I clicked on it and a bigger image displayed, but I still could not tell for sure.
In the foreground of the picture was the name of a website. I typed in the website and it was amateur porn site. I started scrolling through the pictures, but did not find anything. I then saw an archive link and went there. There was an exhibitionist category so I tried that.
I again started scrolling through the images and then I saw it. It was a picture of my mother on our front porch completely naked. However this picture was not as old, this one was from only a year or two ago, when her hair was short. She was going by the name "M" as her real name is Emily. I found a way to search for a model and I typed in "M". There were quite a few hits and after scrolling through two pages, I found her and clicked on the link. Up came her profile and submissions. It says she has been a member for 18 years, my mother became a member when she turned eighteen.
Her last submission was just 3 months ago. I clicked on it and saw pictures of her nude in my parents bedroom. She was lying on the bed, with her legs spread wide open. OMG. I looked at the other pictures and they were close ups of her ass, vagina, and breasts. I could not believe it.
I went back to her profile page and saw a submission where someone else was in the picture. I clicked on it and the other woman's face was blurred. As I looked at the pictures, my mother was rubbing the other woman's vagina with her hand. Then a picture where the other woman had her legs spread open and my mother had her tongue out like she was going to lick the woman's vagina.
Then I noticed a tattoo on the woman, a little dolphin on her hip and I quickly covered my mouth to keep me quiet. I recognized the woman from her tattoo. It was my aunt, my mother's younger sister, Karen. I could not believe what I was seeing. I sat back in my chair and my head was filled with thoughts of my mother and her sister having sex. Asking myself why would she do that.
I returned to the pictures, I realized someone had to be taking the pictures, as each picture was from a different angle. I wondered who it was. I went back to the main page again and there were a lot of pictures of my mother around town showing her breasts, pulling down her shorts or hiking up her skirt to show her ass and vagina. Then I found a submission of her on the beach with some other people. I clicked on that submission and saw my mother with two other people, and man and a woman, they were all naked.
Everyone's face was blurred except for my mother's. The woman was her sister again and then I looked at the man. I could barely make out a tattoo, then I realized it was my father. I scrolled down to the next image and I saw his hard cock jutting out from his body. Again I had to keep myself from screaming out loud.
The three of them must do things together and my father or aunt takes the pictures. As I was coming to this realization, I then though about where my parents are right now. They had told me they were going over to my aunts for a while. I had to wonder, are they having sex together right now!
I could not stop myself from looking at more submissions. One submission, my mother and her sister were walking on the street next to the beach. I recognized the location as it is the same place they have taken me. Anyway, both of them were wearing little bitty string bikinis. The top barely covered their nipples and the bottom was just wide enough to cover their vagina. The back was just a string nestled between their ass cheeks, showing their complete ass. The pictures had them posing, with men in the background watching them as they were showing off. I wondered how they can be so shameless.
All of the sudden my phone rang and it scared me. It was my BFF, Samantha. Sam is the same age as I am and lives next door. A bundle of energy who was on the cheer squad with me. Our bedrooms have floor to ceiling windows which line up with each other, as her house is the exact model as ours, but with a reversed floor plan.
While we talk on the phone, we can see each other, and during the summer with our windows open, we can just talk to one another. We live in suburbia so there is only like ten feet between the two houses. She asked what I was doing and wanted to come over for a while. I told her ok. I took note of the site I was on and then closed my browser.
I let Sam in and she immediately asked what I was doing. I told her I was on the computer.
Sam asked, "Were you looking at porn again, you face is all flush."
I immediately became embarrassed and my face turned red. I tried to lie, but Sam knows me better.
"You were looking at porn, weren't you?"
I then admitted it.
Sam said, "Good, lets waste some time Monika Dee and see if we can find anything interesting."
Sam likes to call me Monika Dee when we are looking at porn. Monika is my doppelganger who models for porn sites. Sam's doppelganger is Lilly Ford. We both went to my computer.
Sam asked, "What were you looking at?"
I didn't want to tell her and tried to lie again, going to a site we have visited before. But again Sam caught me lying again. I caved in and told Sam, "I will show you something, but you can never tell anybody."
I brought up the site with my mother on it and showed her. Sam had the same reaction I did. Sam then clicked on the submission that had my aunt and father. She also recognized my father's tattoo and was just as astounded as I was.
Sam, tried to embarrass me even more.
"Look at the size of his cock! Do you know who the woman is?"
I told her it is my aunt, my mother's sister.
Sam said, "Wow, you have some good genes, she and your mother look great!"
We both sat speechless as Sam clicked through more submissions and we viewed the pictures of each. Then I showed her the submission of them on the street in their little bikinis. We then found a submission of my mother at the park just down the street. She and my aunt were sitting on swings, and in each successive picture, they had less clothing on till they were completely naked. Then my aunt was behind my mother playing with her breasts and kissing my mother, then playing with her vagina, and in the last picture, my aunt had her head between my mothers legs, eating her.
It was getting late, I was turned-on and I believe Sam was also, as her face was flush. I suggested we stop and collect ourselves. Sam agreed. We washed our faces and just as we finished cleaning up, my parents came home from work.
I wanted to talk with Sam some more so I suggested we go for a walk. We started going nowhere in particular, discussing why my mother and aunt would want to expose themselves and have sex with each other. Sam thought it was for the thrill and sexual excitement.
Sam then admitted to me, "My panties are soaked, I got so excited looking at those pictures."
I could not believe she told me that, but I too knew my panties were wet. Sam pressed me and I finally admitted to her, "I also got excited looking at them."
We walked a little further and when I looked up, I noticed we were in the park at the swings. The same place my mother had taken those pictures. I turned to Sam and said, "Look where we are."
Sam looked around and no one else was in the park. Sam said, "You know the old adage, till you walk a mile in their shoes."
"Yea," I said.
Sam suggested we try to imitate what we saw in the pictures to see how we feel. My face turned red and I felt a jolt go through my body at what she was suggesting. We talked it over for several minutes and we both agreed, we would only go to a point where we both felt comfortable.
As we walked to the swings, we looked around the park and we were alone. Both of us had on a jean skirt and pull over top. We both took a seat on a swing. We looked at each other and Sam asked, "Where should we start?"
"Lets take off our panties first. No body will know if someone comes by."
We looked around again, then each of us stood up and very nervously pulled down our panties and pulled them off our feet. Sam quickly coiled hers up and put them on her wrist. I asked her, "Where did you learned to do that?"
"I saw a girl do it in a porn video."
I followed her lead. Both of us sat on the swings again, and we started swinging. I could feel the cool air on my very damp vagina. It was making me more excited.
After a few minutes, Sam asked, "Shall we take off our tops now?"
I was so nervous, but also so very excited, I did not want to stop and meekly said, "Ok."
We both pulled off our tops and put them beside us. We still had on our bras.
Sam looked at me and said, "Now our bras?"
I just shook my head. We watched each other as we unhooked our bras, then I let mine fall off and Sam pulled off hers. Our nipples were hard and sticking out from our breasts. I rubbed my hand over my chest and pinched my nipple, it felt so good.
I saw Sam stand up and come over behind me. Sam put her hands on my breasts, and softly said, "Just like in the pictures, remember."
Sam pinched my nipples, the first time someone other than me has touched my breasts. It felt so good and I was becoming so randy. Sam bent over and kissed my neck, I held her head there and when I felt her start to pull away, I kissed her and she kissed me back. We pulled apart and I said to Sam, "Now our skirts?"
Sam let out a barely audible, "Uh-huh."
Sam released me and took a step back. I stood up and opened my skirt letting it fall to the ground. I watched as Sam let her skirt fall off. I have seen her naked in gym class before, but now she looks different, her body was tempting me to touch her and I wanted to touch her.
I began to wonder what it would be like to touch her breasts and suck her nipples. I pulled her to me and we kiss again. Her lips were warm and soft. I sat on the swing and Sam moved behind me again. She wrapped her arms around me and played with my breasts. Then her right hand moved down my stomach. I wanted her to touch me now. I opened my legs, giving her access to my vagina. I felt her fingers on my clit as she began to rub my vagina. I was so wet and the cool air made my vagina feel so sensitive. I tilted my head up and kissed Sam, then I had a huge orgasm and began to moan even more.
Sam released me and came in front of me. She got on her knees and looked at me. I shook my head and watched as Sam put her tongue on my vagina. I immediately had another orgasm. Sam sucked on my labia and licked me to another orgasm. This time, I almost screamed out loud as it hit me. Sam sat back and looked at me, her face covered in my juices.
I pulled her to me and we kissed. I could taste myself on her. We pulled apart and it dawned on me we were not looking around the park, so I looked around, we were still alone. I stood up and pulled Sam up with me. I smiled and kissed her, then said, "It's your turn."
I began squeezing her breasts and then I sucked on her nipples, which felt amazing on my lips. I told Sam, "Sit on the swing."
I got on my knees and looked Sam in the eyes as I stuck out my tongue and moved to her vagina. She tasted wonderful and I began licking her all over. I pulled her labia open and licked every inch of her vagina. I then nibbled on her clit and Sam came all over my face, squirting me. I gave her another orgasm and then stoop up and kissed her.
We stood there holding each other and after a while I whispered in Sam's ear, "I can see why my mother likes to showoff herself, it is so exciting and makes me very horny. Anyone could walk up to us right now and I wouldn't care, it would just make me more excited. I believe she likes people to see her for the same reason."
Sam kissed me and said, "I feel the same way. I also like having sex with you."
We pulled apart and looked out in to the park, still alone. I asked Sam, "Are you ready to go back home?"
Sam said, "Ok, but lets stay naked as long as we can, I love this feeling."
I had to agree. I kissed Sam and then said, "Your face is all wet." I pulled my panties off my arm and began to wipe Sam's face and then her vagina.
Sam smiled and then said, "You cannot put them on again. They are full of my scent and your parents will definitely smell them."
Sam then cleaned me up with her panties. We threw our panties in to the bushes as we began walking out of the park. When we got to the edge of the park, just within view of houses, we got dressed.
As we walked back home, I told Sam, "I really want someone to see me naked now."
Sam laughed, "I have an idea."
"What is it?"
"Since we can see in to each other's room. Tonight stand in front of you window, drying off after a shower. I will get my brother to come in my room and talk to him while he is looking towards your window. You know he is always trying to look at us in our bikinis, so this should make his day."
"What about you Sam? We could do the same thing but with my father if you want."
"Lets try my brother first and if that goes well, we'll see. We can coordinate by phone."
I arrived at home and just as I got there my mother said, "Dinner is ready."
I washed up quickly in the downstairs bathroom, forgetting I had no panties on, till I sat in the chair feeling the cold wood on my legs. Thinking about what happen with Sam and what I was about to do later, had my vagina all wet again. Then I thought about with no panties on, my skirt will have a wet spot. I could not do anything about that now, so I quickly ate and excused myself. Trying not to let my parents see my backside as I walked away.
In my room, I opened the curtain at my window. I looked in to Sam's room, but she was not there. I closed my door and booted up my computer, then began viewing more submissions of my mother's. I found a few where my mother was in a threesome with my father.
It was getting dark so I turned on the light. As I looked at more submissions, I began playing with myself and pulled off my top and bra. I began squeezing my breasts and nipples, I was getting excited again. I pulled off my skirt and the rest of my clothes. I stood in front of my computer as I began to masturbate, looking at the images of my mother and father. Then it happen, I had an orgasm and it felt so good. I softly caressed my breasts in the after glow of my orgasm.
I then turned my head to look out the window to see if Sam was in her room. OMG! I quickly covered myself with my hands and got my robe and put it on. I went to the window and there was Sam and her brother, faces against Sam's window watching what I had just done. Sam was smiling and her brother had a big grin too. I closed the curtain.
I became so horny, my vagina started dripping. I began to furiously rub my vagina till I came again, it hit me so fast this time, my legs became weak and I fell on to my bed. I laid there thinking how am I ever going to face Sam's brother again. But I also had a big smile on my face, that was the most excited I ever have been. Then it occurred to me how much I like to be seen.
I peaked through the curtain and called Sam, Steve had left her room, so I opened the curtains while we spoke. I asked her, "Why didn't you call and warn me?"
Sam explained, "Steve had come with me to my room after dinner. He saw you, I wanted to call you but he took my phone from me. Steve told me to watch and I didn't think you would mind, in fact I bet you liked it, didn't you?"
Sam could see the smile come over my face. She lifted her skirt and ran her hand over her vagina and licked her hand. She then said, "It was so hot watching you. I am so wet, it's dripping down my legs."
I told Sam I will call her when I can get my father up to my room. I then went for a shower and while I was there, I heard my parents go to their room. Back in my room I called Sam and told her my father had already gone to bed. I asked her to come to her window and watch me. I stripped and gave myself another orgasm. Sam then did the same, while I watched her. We hung up and then I went to bed.
The next morning our parents had already gone to work. I called Sam and asked her to come over and we can lay out in the sun for a while and talk. Sam mentioned, that her brother is home and will probably be watching us. I laughed and said, "After last night, I want him to see me, it makes me so excited when someone is watching me. What about you?"
Sam let out a little giggle and said, "I want him to see me too. I will be over shortly."
I opened up the curtains in my bedroom and I saw Sam's were already open, we both smiled at each other.
Sam -- As I was getting ready in my room, I thought about my brother watching me. I was becoming very excited at the thought and I was already wet. I got my bikini and went down stairs. My brother was watching tv. He asked where I was going. I told him, "I'm going over to Amy's, we are going to lay out in the sun for a while," as I held up my bikini.
He asked, "Are you going to change at Amy's house?"
With a big smile I said, "Yes, in her bedroom."
Sam - In my mind I was so excited, I just told my brother to basically watch us change. My brother got a huge smile on his face and said, "Have fun."
Sam - I turned to walk to the door, I already heard my brother getting up off the sofa. I met Amy at her front door and told her what I had said to my brother.
Amy - I immediately became excited. I asked Sam, "How much she wanted to show?"
Sam told me, "Everything, I want someone to see me naked and having sex, even if it is my brother."
We made our way up to my room. Once there we both stood in front of the window, talking. Then Sam began to strip off her clothes, her top and bra came off, then she stood still for a few minutes as she watched me remove my top and bra. I then pulled off my shorts and panties, now standing naked for her brother to see all of me. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him watching us. I talked with Sam and she pulled off the rest of her clothing.
She walked over to the window and stood there looking out. Sam began to rub her breasts and pinch her nipples. I was becoming very horny and I walked up behind Sam and kissed her neck as I put my hands on her breasts. Sam kissed me and pulled my hand down to her vagina. I began to pleasure her. Sam put her hands on the window frame to support herself.
Sam had her first orgasm and squirted. I kissed Sam again and then sat of the floor and moved my head between her legs. I began to eat her and she had another orgasm and moaned loudly. I continued eating her giving her several more orgasms till Sam's legs began to buckle. I got up and kissed Sam. Sam looked to her window, she got a huge smile and waved to her brother, then fell back on my bed. I motioned to her brother to come over without Sam seeing me, I saw him leave her room.
I asked Sam if she wanted some water as I left my room and went downstairs. I opened the front door quietly and there stood Steve. When he saw me naked, his mouth dropped open. Standing there naked in front of him, my whole body became hot. It took all my will power to keep me from touch myself.
I whispered to Steve, "Be quiet and follow me."
He followed me to the kitchen where I got some water. I told Steve, "Wait outside my room till I motion for you."
We went up stairs and Sam was still naked laying on my bed. I gave her some water, then said I am still horny and I want to try something. Sam said, "Whatever you want, go for it, I am up for anything."
I got on the bed and kissed Sam, we made out for a few minutes. I then turned around and straddled Sam's head, lowering my vagina on to her mouth. Sam began eating me.
I motioned to Steve to come in the room. I lowered my head and began to eat Sam. I sat up and motioned for Steve to kiss me and he did. Knowing he was tasting his sister's juices had me very horny. I then pulled his hand to Sam's vagina and he did not pull back, he began pleasuring her. I leaned down and licked Sam's vagina and then motioned for Steve to eat Sam. Again he did as I requested. When his tongue touched Sam, I had my first orgasm.
Steve was really giving his sister a tongue lashing and Sam had an orgasm. I pulled up off of Sam and watched as she saw it was her brother eating her vagina. Sam let out a scream and squirted so much I thought she was going to drown her brother. Sam sat up and pulled Steve's head in to her vagina, all of the time moaning and taking deep breaths. One more huge orgasm and a squirt and Sam fell silent. Steve stopped and looked up. Sam had nearly passed out.
I got off the bed and kissed Steve. I felt his hard cock and I had to have it. I got his pants off, I looked at him while I opened my mouth and engulfed his cock. I felt his cock twitch and then he came down my throat. I gagged a little and some cum escaped my mouth, running down my face. Steve looked at me, I looked over at Sam and she was watching us.
Sam came over and kissed me, then licked the cum off my mouth. Sam then looked at her brother and opened up her mouth and swallowed his cock. Sam started to bob up and down on his cock like a possessed woman. It was not long till Steve came again, this time in Sam's mouth. Sam pull off his cock with a pop, then she kissed me. We all sat on my bed, no one said anything as we all just took in what just happened.
A few minutes later, Sam looked at her brother and said, "I want you to rest up the rest of the day."
Steve and I looked at each other like WTF. Then Sam continued, "Tomorrow I want you to fuck me and take my virginity."
A smile came to Steve's face and then Sam kissed him. Sam said, "I believe we can trust you to keep this a secret, then we can do it more often. Also I am on the pill, so tomorrow I want you to come in me."
I didn't know Steve's smile could get any bigger, but it did. Sam kissed Steve one more time, then sucked his cock a few times and handed him his clothes. We watched as he put them on and I walked him to the door and kissed him before he left. I went back to my room and I could smell sex, so I opened up my window, not even thinking about who might see me.
My bed sheets were soaked, so Sam and I took them off and began to wash them. We did not even think about putting on our clothes. We stayed naked the rest of the day, even getting a shower together, where we made out with each other.
We got dressed sans panties, before my parents came home and when they got there, we told them we were going for a walk. We went to the park again. We went over to the swings and began to strip. We were not so excited this time and we kept our whits about us as looked to see if anyone was coming our way. We also looked around and found some bushes, where we could hide, just in case. This time it was just fun being naked and playing on the swings.
We both talked about not wearing a bra anymore and we both said we would see how our parents react to us going braless. Sam said, "I want you to come over tomorrow when Steve fucks me."
I asked, "Are you sure?"
She said, "I want you to watch me getting fucked. It will make it more exciting for me. Have you thought about fucking Steve?"
I told her, "I had, but only after you said it. I guess I have to lose it somewhere. I will ask Steve tomorrow." We were almost out of the park so we got dressed and walked home.
When I got awake this morning, I looked over to Sam's window and the curtain was already opened. I opened up my curtain and as I did I saw Sam was naked. She texted me, "Come over naked."
I texted her back, "Give me a half hour and then I would be over."
I went out the front door and not seeing anyone, I walked over to Sam's house. Steve opened the door and let me in and then Sam came down still naked. We talked for a few minutes and then Sam looked at Steve and said, "It's time, I want you to fuck me here in the living room, let me get some towels."
Steve started to undress and his cock was already hard. Sam spread out the towels and then she and I began to make out. When I touched her vagina, she was already wet. She had Steve lay on the floor and squatted over his face, letting him eat her for a few minutes as she sucked his cock. Sam then sat in the cowgirl position and slowly lowered herself on to Steve's cock. Once she made it passed her hymen, Sam sank down slowly. Then she began to ride his cock. On her third time going down, Sam let out a moan and squirted and Steve grunted as he came. It was really uneventful and did not last very long. Steve was still hard, so Sam continued riding him and was beginning to enjoying herself till Steve came again.
This time Steve's cock became limp and fell out. Just like that it was over. Both Steve and Sam stood up. Sam wiped herself with one of the towels. She then said, "I always heard the first time was quick and I wanted to get it over with, so now the next time it can be more fun."
As Steve was standing there, I asked him, "Would you fuck me tomorrow?"
Steve got a smile on his face and said, "I would love too."
I told him, "I on the pill also, so you can come in me too."
For the rest of the day Sam and I remained naked. We hung out in Sam's room just talking with each other and time just flew by. The next thing I know, we heard Sam's parents arriving and I had no clothes with me. Sam found me a little skirt and tank top for me to wear, but since she is shorter than I am, it was very short on me and didn't quite cover my ass.
I needed to get home before my parents arrive or they would see me. We started down the stairs and there was Sam's father looking up at us as we were coming down. When I saw his facial expression change, I knew he had seen up my dress. As I passed him, I saw him look at my ass. I began to blush, but thought it was so hot.
Sam and I said goodbye to each other and I went home quickly. My parents were not there yet so I went to my room and stood in front of my full length mirror. I took a quick study of myself to see what Sam's father might have seen. He must of seen my vagina and I became excited at the thought of him eating or fucking me.
I pulled off the dress and looked around the room for something to wear. As I walked by the window, I looked over to Sam's room and Sam was off to the side of the window while she was talking with her father. I could see him looking at me. I did not try to cover up. I took my time and just let him see me. I eventually got some clothes and walked to the window and dressed myself while he watched, I did not bother with any underwear. I was so excited I could feel my vagina dripping down my legs.
I went to the bathroom to clean myself up and then my phone rang. It was Sam, she told me that she knows her father saw me, she watched his eyes looking right past her. She asked me what happen and I told her. Sam said, "You are so lucky. I wish he would see me naked."
Later that night, my parents never said anything about me being braless. So I am going to go braless until they say something.
The next day, when I opened up my curtains, Sam's were still closed. I got some breakfast and then Sam called. She asked, "Do you want to come over there, or should Steve and I come to your house?"
"Come over here. I always want to see the place where I lost my virginity."
Sam and Steve were at my door in a few minutes, Sam came naked but was carrying some clothes. Everything went just about the same as yesterday, but Steve lasted a little longer today. When we finished, Steve went home.
Sam asked me, "Have you ever looked at your parents computer?"
"No, why?"
Sam told me, "There maybe pictures on it."
So we began to look and we found plenty of pictures and they were not blurred. We saw that not only does my mother have sex with her sister, but so does my father. One set of pictures was my mother and father were having sex on the beach in front of a crowd. It looks like my aunt was taking the pictures. We also found some of my mother's other friends flashing and having sex with my mother and father.
Sam stayed at my house until her parents came home and then she put on her clothes, which was a short skater skirt and a top. Sam asked, "How do I look? I am going to go up the stairs in front of my father so he can look up my skirt. Then I may lay on my bed in front of him, watch what happens."
Sam laid on the floor and her skirt did not cover her ass, you could see her vagina. I told her, "Be careful!"
Sam said, "Of what, I would enjoy it if he fucked me. The only other thing he can do is ground me."
Sam told me, "Look in my window," and then we kissed.
Sam -- When I walked in to my house my father came walking in from the kitchen after putting away his brown bag items. I knew he would go up stairs to change. So I stood on the steps and talked with him a minute and then he followed me up. I could feel his eyes on my ass and his talking was disconnected. He kept talking with me and he followed me to my room.
I thought he was hoping to see Amy again. Once there, I jumped on the bed as he watched. I could feel my dress had come up over my ass and laid there for a minute. Hoping my father would look at me.
My father then asked, "What are your plans for the rest of the night?"
Since he had not said anything about being pantyless, I thought I would try to show more of myself. I rolled over and sat up, bring my feet up and setting them on my bed. I was spread wide open for him and he was looking. Thinking quickly, I said, "Maybe I will spend the night at Amy's house if that is ok with you?"
It took him several seconds to come up with an answer and all he said was, "Yes, that's ok."
I told him, "Let me call Amy and see if it is ok."
He stood there looking at me while I talked with Amy, who was watching from her window.
I put down the phone and told him, "Amy said it was Ok."
I wanted to do even more now. I said, "I should change in to something else," as I stood up.
My father stood still, watching me, not knowing what to do or say. I was very nervous, but I was more excited at this point and willing to risk being yelled at. I pulled off my top and let my skirt fall to the floor. I looked at my father and his eyes were roaming all over my body. I got a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and walked back to my bed where I threw the clothes. I looked towards Amy's window, she was standing in her window naked watching me and my father.
I smiled at her, then went over to my father and pulled him by the hand over to the window and said, "Look."
Standing in front of him. I placed his hands on my shoulders, then stood there, hoping he would continue to touch me, but he didn't. He pulled his hands from my shoulders and took at step back. I said, "Let me get dressed," and stepped over to my bed.
My father turned and watched me get dressed. Once I was dressed, I gave my father a hug and kissed him on his cheek. I then said, "Once mom gets in bed tonight, come here and look in to Amy's room."
As soon as I finished saying that, my mother yelled, "Dinner is ready," startling both of us out of the moment.
Amy - Sam came over after dinner and we went to my bedroom. We hung out till we saw Sam's father standing in the window. Sam and I did a striptease for him, then we began to make out. Sam went to the window and held on to the window frame as I groped her breasts and ate her, while her father watched. He was still watching, so Sam and I switched places. Seeing her father, watching me being eaten by his little girl had me so excited, I had several orgasms. Once we were both worn out, Sam and I waved to him and blew him as kiss. We turn off the lights and both went to bed naked.
The next day we were looking for something to do. I suggested we put on our bikinis and go for a walk. We can show ourselves and if anybody asks, we'll tell them we are working on our tan while we get some exercise. Several cars passed us as we walked, a few would beep at us as they went past. It was quite fun.
As we were in this one neighborhood a car came past and pulled in to a driveway just ahead of us. As we got closer, we saw it was a girl we had gone to school with, not a friend, just someone we would pass in the hallways, whose name was Sharon. She was always being teased because of her large breasts, and I mean cantaloupe size. We said hello to her and she looked at us kind of mystified. We began talking and she asked us why we were in our bikinis. We told her just out for a walk while working on our tan.
Sharon asked us, "Aren't you worried about people gawking at you."
Sam said, "No, we don't mind. In fact we sort of like people looking at us."
"You do," Sharon said.
"Yea, we don't care, what are they going to say, there are two girls in bikinis."
"Your not worried about getting teased about showing off your body?" asked Sharon.
We said, "No".
Sharon went on to say, "Well as you probably know I get teased a lot because of my breasts."
"Yea, we know, but it is only because girls are jealous of you. We all would like to have breasts like yours. The guys who tease you would like to have their hands all over you, but are too immature and don't know how to approach you. Lets face it, all guys love breasts and yours look spectacular. Any man would love to be with you. It is only because you are self-conscious about them that people tease you. You should be proud of yourself."
Sharon ask us, "Do you wanted to come in the house with me for a while and talk?"
We said, "Sure."
Once inside we began talking and at one point Sharon told us even her father looks at her breasts. I asked her, "Does you mother has large breasts?"
Sharon said, "She did."
I asked, "What do you mean by did?"
Sharon went on to tell us her mother had died, ironically of breast cancer. It is only her and her father now. I then said, "You father probably misses her and you probably remind him of her. He probably misses touching her."
Sharon said, "I never thought of that."
After we talked some more, Sharon asked, "How could I get use to people looking at me."
"The only way that we know is to let people see you. After a while you get use to it. I know that just a week ago I would never be seen walking down the street in a bikini. But now it is kind of fun."
"What do you parents say, are they ok with you doing these things?"
"Well parents are a different story, while mothers think they are protecting you, often they are holding you back. Father's always see you a their little girl, till you can show them you are a woman."
Sam then said, "My father has seen us completely naked and has not tried to stop us. I think he actually likes looking at us now. Which, to be honest is kind of a turn-on. All guys like to look at woman, even if it is their daughters."
Sharon was quiet for a few minutes, I could see she was just thinking about our conversation. Then Sharon asked us, "Could you help me become less self-conscious?"
Sam and I looked at each other and said, "Sure, we would be glad too."
Sharon asked, "What should I do first?"
Sam asked, "Do you want to go fast or slow?"
Sharon replied, "Fast, I am tired of being teased."
"When does you father come home?"
"About four."
"Ok, till then, I want you to get use to being naked."
Sharon replied, "Now, here?"
"Don't worry, it's not a big deal, Sam and I will get naked also."
We pulled the tie strings and our bikinis just fell off. Sharon was looking at us so I asked her, "How do we look?" We both turned around for her to look us over.
Sharon suddenly became even more shy in front of us and meekly said, "You are confident, aren't you."
Sharon stood up and slowly began to unbutton her jeans and she slowly slid them down. I wanted to make light of the situation and loosen up Sharon, so I said, "Do you want to turn on the radio so you can do a striptease for us."
When Sharon busted out laughing, she began to loosen up. When she pulled off her bra and let her breasts free, I almost gasped. Not only where they huge, but she had large areola and big, long nipples. Sharon looked at us timidly.
Sam said, "You are absolutely gorgeous. If I had breasts like that, I would never cover them up. They are spectacular! Everyone should get to see them!"
Sharon got a smile on her face and then pulled off her panties. Sam said, "Ok, not so bad, right?"
Sharon smiled and shook her head, then asked, "What do we do now?"
"Why don't you just show us around the house. Just get use to being naked."
We walked around the house and after a while, Sharon began to get use to being nude. When we got to her father's bedroom, I told Sharon, "Lay on his bed."
Sharon asked, "Why?"
I told her, "So you can put in your mind that he will be laying there tonight, where you laid naked. To help you get use to him looking at you."
But secretly, I envisioned Sharon and her father having sex. Sharon did as I asked and then we moved on. Sharon took us to the back patio door and said about the backyard.
"Lets go out!"
Sharon quickly said, "What if someone sees us?"
I asked, "Are your neighbors working?"
She said, "Yes."
"Then what is the problem, we can keep an eye out and if we see someone we'll come back in."
We started out, the yard was fenced in so I did not see a problem. Sharon however was looking all over to see if anyone saw her. Once we were there for about 15 minutes, Sharon was less nervous. We then got some food and sat outside and ate.
After a while we took Sharon in the house and had her go out to her car and back again naked. We had her do it several more times till she began to walk out and back normally. We then asked if she wanted to go for a walk with us in her bikini, just around the block. We got her to agree. Once back at the house, Sharon although relieved to be in the house, was taking everything much better now.
We had about an hour before her father came home so we told her, "We want you to get use to your father seeing you."
Although apprehensive, she also seemed excited. In her room, we found a pair of thong panties and a tight t-shirt. We told her what we wanted her to do and she reluctantly agreed. We all went out back, Sam and I in our bikini bottoms and Sharon in her thong panties. We laid out on our towels with our backs up. We left our tops in the house on the counter in plain sight. It was not long till her father came home and came out to us.
We acted surprised that is was so late in the day. As we talked with him, Sam and I raised ourselves up showing our breasts. Sharon raised up just enough to give him a good view. We wanted to see if he would scold us or his daughter. When he didn't, Sam said, "we must be going," and got up. Her father watched us.
Then we said, "Come on Sharon."
Sam and I each reached down and grabbed an arm, helping Sharon stand up, her breasts with her long hard nipples completely visible to her father. We picked up the towels and shook them off just to waste some time, letting her father watch us. Then we went in the house with her father. We talked for a while in the kitchen, then got something to drink. Sharon's father kept looking at her breasts, but he would catch himself and look at Sam or I.
After a while, Sharon told us, "Come on I will drive you home."
Sharon came down with her purse wearing the t-shirt we had picked out earlier, but still in her thong. Sam and I put on our tops and we left the house. Once we were down the street, Sharon left out a sigh of relief. She was so excited about what she did and relieved her father took it so well. We asked if she wanted to get together tomorrow again, and she excitedly said, "Yes, when?"
We suggested maybe a sleepover. Sharon said, "I would love that, I will check with my father when I get home and call you later tonight."
When I went in to my house, my mother saw me and asked, "What are you up to?"
"Just came from a friends house, she just dropped us off," I told her.
I went to my room to change and I did not even bother with the window now. Sharon called later and told us we are on for a sleepover tomorrow. She was also very happy. Her father did not say a thing about her being topless and he seemed a lot happier.
The next day, Sam came over so we called Sharon and asked if she would pick us up. After she said yes, we told her to drive here naked. She just said, "Ok," she did not complain.
She was here in a few minutes. We had waited for her at the front door naked and waved her in. She was smiling and happy. We asked her about her father last night and she told us he never said a thing about her being topless and he was in a good mood all night.
We then asked her if she thought about having sex with her father, he seems lonely. Before she could answer, Sam said, "I changed from my bikini in to shorts and a top last night while my father watched me. The next thing I want to do is to suck his cock or to fuck him."
Sharon asked, "What about you Amy?"
I told her, "I have a little bit of a situation, but now that we are close friends and if you promise not to say anything, I will tell you."
Sharon said, "I promise."
We all went up to my room and I showed her the website with my mother, father and aunt. I let her click through the submissions, I could see she was getting flush and her nipples were hard. We let her look and then Sam and I began caressing her arms. Sharon did not pull away. I then told her to click on the submission from the park. I told her, "That is my mother and her sister, do you recognize where they are at?"
Sharon shook her head. Sam then said, "Amy and I recreated those scenes the other day."
Sharon turned to look at Sam, and Sam kissed her. When they parted, Sharon looked to me, so I kissed her. Then Sharon said, "I am so horny right now, please touch me."
Sam and I began to feel her breasts and our mouths were salivating to suck on her nipples. We turned Sharon in the chair and we both began sucking on those marvelous nipples. Sharon was in ecstasy and moaning constantly. My hand went to her vagina and she was soaked. I asked her to scoot up in the chair and then I began to eat her, while Sam played with her breasts. Sharon screamed as she had an orgasm. I stood up and pulled Sam and Sharon over to the bed.
Sam began to eat Sharon and I sat on Sharon's face. We change positions several times. About two hours later, after we all had several orgasms. We rolled off of one another and laid on my bed, just resting.
After a while Sharon told us, "I never had sex with someone before today. Being teased all of the time and knowing any boy would brag to his friends, made me too afraid to be with anyone."
"We know what you mean and your secret is safe with us. Anytime you want, I would love to have sex with you."
Then Sam said, "The same with me, I love sucking on your nipples."
Sam and I then kissed Sharon.
I said, "To be more honest with you, I just had sex with Sam's brother two days ago. I just wanted to not be a virgin anymore."
Sam said, "The same with me, I had sex with my brother also."
Sharon told us, "Technically I am not a virgin, I busted my cherry with a hair brush, then later to satisfy my needs, I have used candles, carrots and even a cucumber."
I then told Sharon, "Sam's brother, Steve would be more than will to be your first cock."
"Wait a minute I know him, he was one grade ahead of us in school, but no thank you, not now anyways. I believe that now I want my first cock to be my father's. Seeing him so happy last night made me think you were right, he does miss my mother and I want to make him happy again. Will you help me with him?"
"Do you mind if we are there and watch?"
"Of course not," Sharon said, "But I want his cock in my vagina first, then you can do whatever he wants."
"That seems fair to us."
"Ok, so he is already expecting to see us topless tonight, because of yesterday. So pantyless is the next step and he should probably see Sam and I first, just to get him use to the idea. If he does not say anything to us, then you should not have any trouble either. After he sees us, he will probably be excited, he is man after all. So it is just that last step, getting him to touch you."
"So to make that step not so high, we get him to touch Sam or I first, then go to Sharon, bait and switch. We cannot be laying out naked in the sun again, that would be too obvious. But we can start off there and we would need to get a shower to remove the lotion, then we could put on something revealing. A short skirt or t-shirt, but a t-shirt would cover our breasts, we don't want that, so back to a short skirt."
"Here try this on as I came back from my closet."
My skirt was too long, so I said, "Lets go over to Sam's so you can try on her skirts."
We quickly went over to Sam's and as we walked in the door, Steve was there. When he saw Sharon naked, his eyes went wide open.
Sam said, "Oh I forgot about Steve being here, but Steve you can keep you mouth shut about seeing Sharon can't you?"
Sam then pulled down Steve's pants and knelt down and began to give him a blowjob. Sharon was surprised at first, but then went over and knelt down next to Sam. Sharon then tapped Sam on the should and said, "Tell me what to do."
Sam told Sharon what to do and it was not long till Steve came in her mouth. Sam and Sharon kissed. Steve remained hard so Sam told Sharon to do it again. This time Steve lasted longer, giving Sharon time to practice her technique. After Steve came the second time, Sharon had cum dribbling out of her mouth. Sam sucked Steve a few times to clean him up. When Sharon stood up, I kissed her and lick the cum off her mouth. Sharon then said to Steve, "Sometime next week, I want to fuck me, if you would like too."
Steve was gobsmacked and could only shake his head yes. We continued up to Sam's room. Once there Sharon said, "Just two days ago, if I had walked in a room with a guy seeing me naked, I would of freaked out. But today I gave my first blowjob and I am more excited to showoff my body. Look at me, I am so excited that my vagina is dripping."
Sam got some skirts and we found one that fit Sharon the way we wanted. She then got some clothes for tonight, although she did not get dressed and we went downstairs. Steve was still there, so Sharon went over to him and said, "I guess I should let you at least touch my breasts if you want to, it seems everyone wants to touch and suck them."
Steve had his hands on her breasts quickly. From his actions, we could tell Sharon was still excited as her pussy was literally dripping on to the floor. Sharon stopped Steve and said, "I have to go before I cannot stop myself from fucking you right now."
Sam gave Steve a kiss on his lips and felt Steve's hard cock. She looked to us and said, "I need to be fucked before we go. Watching Steve fondle Sharon, has me all worked up."
Sam pulled down Steve's pants and told him to fuck her, then laid on the floor. She asked Sharon to sit on her face and began to eat Sharon as Steve fucked her. Steve again began playing with Sharon's breasts as he fucked his sister. It was so hot, I could not be left out, so I began kissing Sharon. Being Steve's third cum in less than a half-hour, Steve lasted a lot longer this time before cumming. Sam and Sharon both had an orgasm before he came.
Once Steve pulled out of Sam, Sharon just leaned over and ate Sam till they both had were satisfied. We all kissed Steve goodbye, then walked over to my house. I got some things for the night and Sharon drove us to her house, all of us still naked.
We had plenty of time till Sharon's father was due home from work. We sat around naked till then, just resting up and cooling down. Later we had Sharon put on a pair of thong panties again. Sam and I put on g-strings and we setup in the backyard. We listened for Sharon's father to come home and timed it so he came out as I was applying lotion to Sam's bum, pulling her ass crack open and pushing it closed as Bob watched, letting him see her asshole and pussy.
Bob, immediately got an erection, his pants were tenting out. We all got up and began talking with Bob, he was looking at us, but trying to look us in the eyes, which he was failing miserably. We then went in the house and began talking about cleaning up. While one of us went for a shower, the other two would stay with Bob, we did not want him sneaking away to jerk-off. We wanted him so horny he would do anybody and by anybody, we mean his own daughter.
Sam was the first to go for a shower, while the rest of us had some snacks. When Sam was finished she come out in a little skater skirt with no top. We could see the bottom of vagina and her ass cheeks as she walked. Before I left for a shower, Sam had bent over to pick up a chip she dropped, showing her ass and vagina to all of us. Bob definitely liked what he saw, a big grin appeared on his face. But again, he did not say anything, so we thought we were still safe to continue with our plan.
Then I went for a shower. I was so horny, I wanted to masturbate in the shower, but restrained myself and quickly came out in my short skirt, showing more of my ass and pussy then Sam had. I too let Bob see me bend over and he said nothing, but again he enjoyed what he saw.
We were pretty confident now that Bob would not say anything to Sharon when she shows herself. We talked about ordering a pizza for dinner, but Sharon asked us to wait till she was done with a shower. So we ate some snacks and waited. When Sharon came out in her skirt, Bob just stared at her, his eyes were bulging out of his head and had a huge grin, he muttered, "Honey you look beautiful."
Sharon's skirt was up high enough to see a good portion of her vagina and ass. We talked about getting pizza again and Sharon called in the order. Bob seemed to accept the way we were dressed so Sam and I pulled up our skirts a little higher. The three of us were now showing our a portion of our pussies.
We talked in the kitchen until the pizza was delivered. The three of us answered the door with Bob watching. The pizza boy was so flustered, as Sharon handed him the money, he dropped some on the floor. Sharon bend over to pick it up, showing her backside. I was back in the kitchen with Bob as we watched Sharon bend over, she looked delicious, her skirt perfectly framed her body. I took a chance and went over to Bob, then softly said to him, "She is beautiful isn't she?"
Bob, just shook his head, no longer ashamed at blatantly staring at his daughter. Sensing the situation, I said to Bob, "She wants you to make love to her."
Bob quickly turned and looked at me, as he was in disbelief. I said, "I will show you."
When Sam and Sharon came in to the kitchen, I pulled Sharon over to me. I opened her skirt and let it fall to the floor, Sharon not even flinching. Bob was speechless. I took his hand and rubbed it over Sharon's vagina, Sharon moaned out loud. I said, "Sharon what is you want your father to do?"
Sharon immediately said, "Take me, make love to me, fuck me, do what you want with me. I want you so bad! I have to have you!"
Sharon dropped to her knees and began pulling off Bob's clothes, almost ripping them off him. As soon as his hard cock was free, she pulled it to her mouth and began sucking him.
Sam and I pulled off our skirts and then began pulling off the rest of Bob's clothing. Once he was naked, we pulled Bob to the living room and Sharon laid him down. Sharon then squatted over her father's face and said, "Please eat me, I want to feel your tongue on my pussy!"
Bob got a huge smile as Sharon lowered herself on to him. He began furiously began licking and sucking on her pussy.
Sharon leaned forward and took his cock in to her mouth again, sucking and licking it like an ice cream cone.
Sam and I let them go, we got some pizza and our drinks and returned to the sofa. We sat there watching them as we ate. It was like having dinner and a live sex show. We could see the joy on Bob's and Sharon's face as they devoured each other.
Sharon pulled up from her father and they sloppily kissed each. Then she said, "I need you to fuck me."
As Sharon lowered herself on to Bob's cock, you could sense the anticipation from both of them. Both of them had the same longing to be with each other. Now with her father's cock in her completely, Sharon began to ride him, bouncing up and down violently, both of them grunting on every bounce. It was not very long until Bob came.
Both panting from their actions, they laid there kissing and cuddling with each other for a while before Sharon saw us eating our pizza and watching them. She then began to laugh at us. She moved to the side so that Bob could see us and he to got a smile on his face.
They both got up and got some pizza and a drink. When they came back to the room, I stopped Sharon from sitting down on the sofa. I laid down and had her sit on my face, while she ate pizza, I was getting a fresh load of cum from her vagina.
Bob became hard again and when Sharon saw this, she told her father, "You can do whatever you want with the three of us."
Bob's eyes lit up. Bob put down his food and came over and began to fuck me, as I ate his daughter. I was so excited, I had an orgasm quickly as he came in me.
Bob getting tired, sat on the sofa and had Sam climb on his lap as he began to fondle her breasts till he became hard. Then he began to fuck her. Once she had an orgasm, he pulled Sam off of him.
Bob then asked his daughter to take Sam's place. He fucked Sharon until he came again in her again. This time Sam ate the cum from Sharon.
We all just sat around and talked, while we ate and drank. Sharon told her father about what she has been doing the last two days and about going out naked. Bob was excited for her and said he would love to see her showoff herself. Then he said, "I loved it when your mother would showoff her breasts."
Bob then told us some stories about Sharon's mother exposing herself. It was getting late and we all knew each other pretty well by now. Sharon, looking at Sam and I said, "Since it is late and most neighbors are in bed, lets go out. Lets see who will go farthest down the street naked."
Bob stood at the door and watched as we ran down the street, Sharon in her new found happiest, went about 4 blocks before turning around. When she came back to the house, Bob's cock was hard again. Sharon pulled him out the front door and sucked him till he came, this time Sharon directed his cum all over her face and breasts. We all took a shower together and then Sharon spent the night with her father, while Sam and I used her bed.
The next morning a very happy Sharon and a very tired Bob appeared in the kitchen. Bob announced he would like to take us out to eat and told us to put on some clothes, then said, "I can't believe I just told three beautiful naked woman to put on clothes."
We all got dressed in little outfits and went to a pancake house. We did not try to expose ourselves, but the way we were dressed, I sure somebody saw something. Then Sharon asked her father to take us to the mall, she wanted to buy a little skirt. Bob said, "I thought you already have one."
We all laughed and said that is Sam's, we just wanted something small for Sharon to wear. Bob took us to the mall and we flashed him a lot till we found a skirt for Sharon. When we got to the car, Sharon checked her father's cock and he was hard again. Sharon offered to suck him off while he drove home. Bob smiled at her and said, "Honey you are going to kill me, lets just take it easy for the rest of the day," and then kissed her.
Once we got back to the house, Sam and I gathered our things and Sharon took us home. We all kissed each other goodbye. My parents were out somewhere. I had to smile to myself, thinking maybe they are having sex with my aunt. I got something to drink and went to my room where I stripped off my clothes. I looked out the window to Sam's room and there she was leaning against the window, getting fucked by her father. She looked so happy and I know they both saw me as Sam waved and her father gave me a wink.
I laid down on my bed and fell asleep. It was not until someone was tugging on my arm that I got awake. When I opened my eyes, I saw it was my father. Inside I was so excited, but I remained calm and just got up like I was dress and asked, "What's up?"
I could see his eyes roaming over my body, I could feel my vagina becoming moist. He said very casually, "Mom had to go in to work, what do you want for dinner?"
I wanted to draw this out for as long as I could. I did not want to look at myself, for if I did I would have to acknowledge that I was naked. I said, "What do you want? I just had pizza last night."
My father suggested Chinese takeout and I said, "Ok."
He asked, "What do you want?"
After I told him, he then said, "You may want to get dressed."
I looked down at myself and said very casually, "It is a little late now."
As he walked away, I followed him and went in to the bathroom, as I washed up, I was a bit panicked stricken and very excited. I tried to think of something to wear where I could still show myself. I though about a robe, but that covered too much of me. Just underwear I told myself. I put on a pair of lace thong panties and a lace bra that was semi-transparent. I checked myself in the mirror my hard nipples were showing. I looked over to Sam's and she was still on her bed sleeping naked. I had to wonder if my father saw her.
I went downstairs and began talking with my father. He looked at me differently now. Although he did not say anything about what I had on. When the food came I went to the door with him, letting the delivery boy see me. We then sat in the kitchen and ate and talked about nothing important. I helped clean up and it was getting late. I asked, "How late is mom going to be out?"
He said, "I don't know, there was some kind of problem at work."
Then he told me, "I am going to bed."
I said, "Me too."
I let him follow me up the stairs and then began talking with him again just before I entered my room.
I mentioned about getting a shower and then continued on with our conversation. In my room with my father watching, I undressed. Now standing there naked and talking with him. I thought I had to make this happen, but how. I saw Sam had her light on and she was still naked. I walked over to my father and told him, "I want to show you something."
I pulled him to the window and stood there with him, then told him, "Look in Sam's window see she is naked, now watch this."
I called Sam and got her awake. I asked her to come to her window. When she saw my father was there and me naked a smile came to her face. I then said to Sam, "Masturbate for us."
Sam began touching herself. I moved in front of my father and brought his hands to my breasts. He did not resist. I pulled his hand to my vagina and he began to rub me. I reached back and felt his hard cock. I knew he was mine now. I kissed him and he began kissing me back. I undid his pants and dropped them to the floor. As he stood watching Sam, I knelt down, pulled down his underwear and took his cock in my mouth. After a few minutes, I stood up and kissed him, then told him to fuck me. Standing in front of the window bracing myself on the frame. He entered me, when he was completely in me, we saw Sam's father come in to her room.
He looked over and I waved to him, then he began to fuck Sam. When my father saw what was happening, he began to fuck me stroke for stroke with Sam's father. I was being pounded by my father and loving it. Sam was also being pounded by her father. By now our father's have seen what each other is doing. It was like our father's were in a competition to see who could fuck their daughter the hardest. I had several orgasms and then I saw Sam's father stop with a look of contentment on his face. I knew he must have come. Then my father slammed in to me and buried his cock as deep as he could, then I felt him cum.
Sam with a smile on her face motion for me to met her outside, just below our window. I kissed my father and sucked his cock a few times and with a smile on my face, I said, "Watch this."
Sam and I met outside and after we kissed, we laid on the grass and began to eat each other. We only did that for a few minutes before I told Sam, "Lets switch fathers."
We both made it to each other's room and we looked at each other as we sucked the other's father's cock till they were hard. We both took our positions in front of the windows as we watched each other's father begin to fuck us. I had an orgasm as soon as Sam's father entered me, knowing my father was watching me getting fucked had me so worked up. They began their competition again and I was feeling it from Sam's father. He came in me and I sucked his cock, I asked if Sam can stay at my house tonight, he smiled and said, "Yes."
Sam was still being pounded by my father as I entered my bedroom. Sam's father was still watching us. I began kissing and sucking on Sam's nipples, Sam was constantly moaning now and then my father sunk his cock in Sam like he had done to me and grunted as he came. I sucked his cock as he pulled out and then sucked on Sam's vagina. When I stood up, Sam's father waved to us and then turned out the light. Sam and I kissed my father, then he walked to his room.
Sam and I were so happy and excited, we were running on pure adrenaline. We both took a shower together and just as we opened the door to leave the bathroom, there was my mother. She asked, "Why are you both naked?"
I kissed my mother and told her, "Come to my room when you are finished with your shower."
We went in to my room and I booted up my computer and pulled up my mother's profile. After a while my mother came to my room in a robe. She again asked, "Why we are two still naked?"
I told her, "We were just fucked by dad."
She did not know what to say. I then said, "It is ok, we wanted it."
This did not relieve the tension on her face. I told her in a way it is her fault. I explained the website and what we have been doing. I then said, "The only thing left to do is have sex with you and aunt Karen."
My mother was in shock. I kissed her on the mouth. I opened her robe and played with her nipples. I believe she finally came to the realization that she didn't have any moral ground to stand on and began to kiss me, then Sam.
I asked her to stand up and we took off her robe. After Sam and I sucked on her nipples for a little, I said, "We are going to have sex, but not here."
My mother asked, "Where then?"
I pulled up the submission of her on the swings and I said, "There, we are going to walk there naked, come with us."
I saw a smile come over my mother face as Sam and I pulled her by hand out the front door. We went running down the street to the park. It was late, so we did not see anyone out and got to the park swings. There we took turns kissing and sucking on each other till we had our fill. We walked home and my mother went to bed with Sam and I.
We got awake late in the morning and as we all got up, Sam and I kissed my mother while standing in front of the window naked. I looked to Sam's room and there stood her father watching us. My mother just waved to him with a smile on her face. My father came walking in the room naked, so Sam and I pulled him to my mother in front of the window. We each began sucking on her breasts, while my father went behind her and began to fuck her as Sam's father looked on. Sam kissed us all and left us, a minute later we saw her come in her room and begin to have sex with her father.