I suppose any man would want to have my job, although it isn't all fun and games. I travel about two-hundred days a year, am required to get my reports in on time, and, more often than not, have to endure mental and physical stresses worse than most white-collar jobs. Not that I wear a white collar. In fact, when I'm working, I wear nothing at all.
I'm an inspector for The CFNM Rating Agency, known as CRA, for short. CFNM, in case you don't know, stands for "clothed female, nude male". It provides a double-fantasy, but for real. It's for females who want naked males around, whom they can not only look at, but touch, too, without limits. Well, there is one limit: No injury, and no pain beyond what the nude male consents to. It's also for males who want to be naked around clothed females. You might call it "extreme nakedness". Their penises are not only exposed, but usually erect.
Other than the no-unwelcome-pain rule, another rule is that males must make themselves available, all parts, at all times. Any women is free to grab a cock whenever she wants and do with it whatever she wants. She might hold it, or stroke it, or pull it, or squeeze it, or masturbate it. Or all of the above, and more. That goes for testicles and anuses, too. As well as any other parts of the male body that a woman might be interested in: chest, buttocks, legs, whatever. She can use her hands, her feet, her mouth, and any other part of her body she wants, but she has to remain clothed. That rules out using her vagina. Breasts can be exposed only to arouse or touch the man; otherwise, they have to be covered.
Most of the women are teases, which, for many of them, is the main reason why they do CFNM in the first place. They like to keep a man hard, but they don't let him come. Fortunately, even the worst teases play nice in the end: When a man has been so hard so long that he can't take it any more, they give him his release. Other women are just the opposite: They get off on ejaculations. Sometimes the women playfully work together in teams: One keeps the man hard but just on the edge, and then another woman takes his penis away and finishes him off.
There's a third rule: Men can't touch a woman with his hands, feet, or mouth. Cocks are OK, but only if the woman initiates it. Touching or penetrating a vagina with it is out, by another rule, but massage-by-penis is very popular.
In recent years CFNM resorts and clubs have sprung up, which is where I come in. The best clubs are certified, to assure everybody involved that they're clean and safe. My employer, CRA, is the leading certification and rating agency, and I'm one of the men who travel around to do the inspections. I always work undercover, which is to say that I'm not covered: To do my job, I have to be one of the naked men. My penis is the main tool of my trade.
The no-unwelcome-pain rule makes certified CFNM different from other sexual pursuits, such as cock-and-ball torture or BDSM. CFNM women like men, and want their cocks and balls to stay healthy. If we find one of our clients violating this rule, we yank their certification.
I'm on my way back to LA from an inspection trip now. I take about twenty-five trips a year and generally visit four or five resorts or clubs on each trip. While I'm in LA, I'll file my reports and rest up for my next trip.
One of the perks of my job is flying first-class, and that's where I'm sitting now, in my customary window seat, watching the other passengers file in. I'm pleased to see a slender, long-legged woman stop by my row. I see her struggling to get her carryon into the overhead, so I get out of my seat and offer to help.
"May I help you with that?" I ask.
"Yes, thank you," she responds, with a sexy smile.
As I put her bag up, I ask, "Care for a blanket? I see one here."
"No thanks." We settle into our seats.
She puts her laptop bag under her seat and takes out her iPhone. I discreetly watch her well-manicured, graceful fingers slide around on the screen. She turns to me and says, "You know, I changed my mind. Can you get that blanket?"
I stand up, carefully stepping over her gorgeous legs, find the blanket for her, and reseat myself. She puts her phone away and starts reading Vogue. I start in on the latest issue of Travel + Leisure.
The plane takes off only a few minutes late. I order a Scotch from the drink cart. My seat-mate takes white wine. Again, I find myself admiring the way her fingers caress the wine glass, but I go back to the magazine before she can catch me at it. It's a long flight to LA. I figure I'll have time later to introduce myself.
Dinner is served. I order another Scotch. Normally, that's a time for conversation, but, unfortunately, not today. Vogue must be exceptionally interesting this month.
Then the lights dim and the movie comes on. I never watch on planes—I'm too spoiled by the HiDef TV in my den. Besides, the sexy parts are edited out, and the language is changed, and I like to see films the way they were made to be seen.
All of the sudden my seat-mate hands me the blanket and says, matter-of-factly, "You're going to need this." She shows me her iPhone screen. It's identified me as a member of Roving CFNM. That's a club for CFNM enthusiasts who travel a lot and can't join a typical club. As a CRA employee, I'm automatically a member. Her iPhone has found me out by the low-power transmitter in my pocket, which I'm required to carry.
Roving CFNM keeps all the standard rules, but with two obvious limitations: The first is that, since there can be no public nudity, the participants have to wait for a suitable opportunity or somehow improvise. The second is that, as one or both of them are traveling, the time may be limited.
By handing me the blanket, she's decided to improvise. No one can see us in the dim light, with the first-class seats so far apart, and the blanket will keep me covered. She doesn't ask for or expect my consent, either. Under the rules, my consent is assumed.
I turn out my reading light, cover myself with the blanket, and recline my seat. She leaves her reading light on and doesn't take her eyes from her magazine. She reaches her right hand under the blanket, finds my zipper and pulls it down. I unfasten my belt and unbutton the button. Then I put my hands on the armrests, lie back, and close my eyes.
At first, she just rests her hand on my shorts, just above my cock. Her fingers just wiggle a bit, finding nothing there. She's still reading. But then, in stages, as I get hard, I grow to reach her fingers. Feeling the tip of my penis, she starts flicking it back and forth. I get even harder.
She moves her hand down, grabs my shaft, and squeezes it firmly. I let out a little moan. She puts her magazine on the tray table, raises the index finger of her left hand to her lips, and says, "Shhhhh. No noise." She squeezes my cock even harder and picks up her magazine.
Her hand stays there for at least fifteen minutes. When she's not squeezing me, she's digging into my shaft with her fingernails. She's still on top of my shorts, which are starting to get wet with pre-cum. Feeling the wetness, she takes her hand away and hands me her dinner napkin, which she'd saved for just this purpose. I arrange it strategically inside my shorts, put my hands back on the armrests, and she puts her hand back where it was, only this time under my shorts and under the napkin. Her hand on my shaft starts to drive me wild, but over the years I've learned to resist the urge to shoot my load. Of course, I don't want to. I want her to drag this out for the remaining three hours of the flight, if possible.
Now she's gently pinching the loose flesh on my erect cock. She slowly works her fingers down the shaft to my sack. She grasps it between her strong fingers and pulls it up so far that my balls press upward against the base of my penis. She keeps pulling, working my balls back and forth. I really want to explode, now, but somehow I stop my self.
What I find so amazing is that she treats each part of my anatomy as a separate pleasure center. Her hand has been on my genitals for nearly a half-hour, and she hasn't yet touched the head of my penis or my testicles.
But no longer. Now she's got my left nut in her hand and is squeezing it just hard enough to let me know she's in control, but not hard enough to hurt. Then she does the same to my right nut. Then both at once.
The stewardess comes by and asks us if we'd like anything. My seat-mate asks for more wine, and I get a double Scotch. While this is going on, she's wrapped her hand around my shaft.
She turns to me, still with her hand on my penis. "Enjoying the flight?" she asks, while sipping her wine.
"Yes, indeed," I answer.
She smiles at me. "I am, too. Normally, I'm so bored. Not this time, though."
She momentarily releases my shaft. I'm afraid she's finished. Is this a tease? I wonder.
It isn't. She starts rubbing my wet glans with her index finger.
Now cradling the glans in her palm, she lightly runs a slippery finger over my frenulum. Then she pushes harder, and with longer strokes. She moves her hand to hold me from underneath, now using her thumb to do most of the work.
I'm unable to hold back any longer. I don't want to! I'm overcome with a tremendous orgasm that shoots a huge load into the dinner napkin and onto her hand. I turn my head to look at her. She's smiling at me.
I must have passed out from pleasure, because the captain's announcement of our descent into LA wakes me up. Somehow my pants are zipped up and my belt is fastened. The dinner napkin is gone. My seat-mate is reading her magazine and sipping the last of her wine.
The plane lands. I retrieve both of our bags and follow her down the jetway. As we enter the terminal, she turns to me, and says, "Thanks for helping with my bag."
"Will you be needing anything else?" I ask, following the rules.
She looks at her watch. "No, I'm afraid I don't have time. Too bad. It would have been nice to get to know you better." She giggles, gives me another of those sexy smiles, and walks away. I head to the men's room to get cleaned up. Then I retrieve my car and head home.