Preparing breakfast, I look outside and decide we'll eat on the deck.
"We have a free weekend coming up. You wanna check into another hotel?" I ask Sarah as she enters the kitchen.
"Sure. You pick this time." Sarah tells me after picking the business cards off the refrigerator. The remaining three cards have been hanging there on the side for a couple of weeks. Holding them up for me, I look away from the food on the skillet, pick one, and hand it back to her. Finishing breakfast prep, I plate the food to take outside.
"Nice pick. I have one request about this particular hotel. I'll meet you on the deck in just a moment." Sarah tells me as she heads to the bedroom.
I only need 2 trips to get our breakfast onto the table outside. I sit down and sip my mimosa, nearly guzzling the entire glass when Sarah walks out, completely naked. She sits down naturally, and picks up her own glass.
"So here's what I want. When we go to that hotel, I will look just like this. I don't want to pack any clothes, and I won't wear any while we're there. You need to make this happen." Sarah tells me as she begins to eat.
Gulping my drink, I try to envision how this will work. We'll need to get permission of some sort; we can't just show up. I guess we'll see just how serious these hotels need to get their business back up and running. Well, it's a simple concept. Either they say yes, or we go elsewhere.
"Completely naked? The entire time? Sounds like a lot of room service." I talk aloud, trying to envision us not getting into any trouble.
"Oh no. I want complete access to the entire hotel. We aren't going to hide in our room." Sarah finishes her breakfast, then turns her chair and lifts her right leg to open her pussy to me.
Not taking my eyes off her, I finish my food, and then kneel down in front of her to eat some dessert.
"I don't think we can do this at the hotel pool, but you never know." I say, looking up to her while keeping my lips on her cunt.
"You never know." Sarah says, pushing my head deep into her. I could do this all day.
The phone call goes surprisingly well. The manager is quite happy to hear from me. I'm pretty sure it's because of our last visit, at least he kinda alluded to it, saying he's hoping we'll create security footage at his location. We line up a good time to show up in a few days.
Packing, of course, takes just a few minutes. I don't know exactly what has come over Sarah, but she just walks out to the car and gets in. Completely free of any clothes, I try to act naturally as we drive off, but my raging hard on is anything but normal. Just the thought of Sarah without any clothes on for a couple of days gets the blood flowing and it doesn't help we will basically be in public. I hope the manager knows what he's gotten himself into.
Of course, after an uneventful drive across town, it's me that hopes I realize what I've gotten myself into. This particular hotel is just a few blocks removed from a brand new events center, and its parking lot wraps around the building, ending just on the other side of a major intersection. From the front of the hotel, the pool is just on the left side of the building, and is surrounded only by a wrought-iron fence. I see no type of cover anywhere around the pool.
To top it all off, there is a 'Welcome' sign at the entrance to the events center and there are some cars parked in the lot. I look at Sarah and break out into a sweat.
"What's the matter, honey?" Sarah asks, with a knowing smile.
"Wait, did you know about this location?" I ask as we drive into the circular drive at the entrance of the hotel.
"Well, not exactly. I didn't think there were any approved events yet, but I knew the pool area was wide open to the street. This could turn out to be a lot of fun."
"Okay, well, it's your time to shine started now." I say as I get out of the car.
Sarah doesn't hesitate one iota. In fact, she walks in ahead of me and turns left near the front desk and walks toward the pool entrance. I can't think of a better surprise than to go park the car by the pool. So I get back in the car and move it by the pool. Looking out the front of the car, I watch Sarah enter the pool area and jump in the water. I get out of the car, grab the only bag in the car and head in.
"That was fantastic. How do you feel?" I say to a surprised Sarah.
"Even better now." She exclaims.
I head around to the front door where I find a smiling manager at the front desk. We go over the basics. Since we don't have a room request, he puts several door keys on the counter and I pick one. We end up on the third floor overlooking the pool and facing the events center. Other than that, we have run of the place. He does tell me that the event center just opened again, but they only have five other rooms booked. He tells me honestly he's hoping to get some more reservations from the event center, but they told him their ticket sales have been really slow.
"I think we'll be able to help." I tell him as I head upstairs.
Our room is very nice, and the manager has somehow managed to have some wine, champagne, orange juice and beer delivered to our room. I grab a cold beer and walk to the window. There, I can see Sarah sitting on the side of the pool. I knock on the window, and she waves at me. The window does open slightly, and I strip out of my clothes for her. I wave my cock at her, then get into my suit. I grab some waters and beers and take the stairs just to see what they are like. I'm not disappointed as there is a stairway entrance door right into the swimming pool area.
"There aren't really any rules for you." I tell her as I sit down. "You are free to do whatever you want. You can eat breakfast downstairs, stay in the pool as late as you want, basically whatever. That event center just re-opened, but the manager said they haven't sold many tickets. Our hotel here has only reserved five rooms so far. They hope we'll help them sell a few more rooms."
Sarah jumps into the water. She stands in front of me and reaches into my suit and grabs my dick. "Can we do this?" She asks as she kisses my knee.
"Maybe. Maybe not." I reply as I watch Sarah move her face toward my cock. Even under my suit, my hardness will not be hidden. Sarah pushes my suit back and sucks on the tip. Just as quickly, she swims away and leaves me to cover up. I jump in the water and grab Sarah's leg. Pulling her back, I insert a finger into her pussy and pull her as close as I can.
"I'm so gonna wear you out over the next two days. I hope you enjoy doing this." I whisper in her ear. We separate and lean together on the wall of the pool.
"I've always wanted to be the only one naked in everyday normal activities. It's not too complicated. The sex will be awesome, but I'm really looking forward to how my brain reacts in such situations. I was so anxious to get going, I didn't know I made it all the way to the pool without you. My brain was kinda in a zone. I don't want to be zoned out as I walk around, or whatever. I really just want to act like a normal person, like a naturalist or nudist."
"So, for instance, you would want to get out of the pool to sit down on a lounger, and dry off like you were wearing a suit?" I ask.
"Exactly. Everything I do will be done just as if I had clothes on. I want to become completely unaware of my nudity." Sarah explains.
"Alright. I won't warn you of anything. I'll just interact with you and anyone else here normally. I'll limit my answers to anybody's questions to just simple explanations." I say. "I won't even test you. We'll just go about our stay here as a normal couple."
Now that I understand what's going on with Sarah, I relax to absorb our surroundings. The pool is rather nice. It has an attached hot tub that pours into the pool, so there is a constant soothing sound of flowing water. There are about 20 chairs and loungers placed about 6 feet apart. None of the tables have chairs, but there is a sign indicating we can move chairs to the tables but should not group in groups larger than 3. There are also 2 brand new gas grills.
Spying a table close to the fence where I parked, I get out of the water and move a lounger and 2 chairs to it. I grab a couple of the hotel pool towels and sit to dry off in the sun. The slight breeze is invigorating and helps dry me off. The view of Sarah in the water is matched only by the cold beer I am finishing off very quickly.
I get up and walk poolside to tell Sarah I am going to get some more drinks. She continues to languish in her thoughts inside the water. I need to decide how much alcohol will be too much for her. I want to keep her in a comfortable state. Losing inhibitions is one thing; living without any is entirely different.
What happened over the next 24 hours turns out to be a most liberating experience.
Upstairs, I discover we have a nice kitchenette to work with. I grab my shirt and things to head out. At the window, I set up my sports cam to video the pool area. For now, I focus on the entire scene so I can even see traffic and pedestrians if any come up.
In the hallway, there is a nice foyer area with a reading nook and a bookshelf loaded with books. I grab a couple of books and walk downstairs to the pool.
"I'm headed to the store real quick to get some food. Do you need anything?" I ask the naked woman in the pool.
"I'm good. This is so relaxing." Sarah replies.
"Okay, I'm putting some books on our table is you want something to read. I'll be right back."
I head out of the hotel to my car and realize something.
"Hey, I left our room key upstairs. We'll have to pick up another at the front desk." I tell Sarah.
She holds a thumb up above the water, and I get in the car and drive off. I try not to speed to the store. It's really turning me on just thinking about my naked wife hanging out at the pool with nothing but some books and really nowhere to go. The trip down the street to store is short, but I'll be able to cook a couple of small meals in our room, or grill outside. We can make that decision later; I'm pretty sure I know my preference.
Arriving back at the hotel, I decide to enter in the back parking lot then perhaps sneak to the pool to spy on Sarah. I wonder how she's doing. Entering the hotel, I drop by the desk for a new room key. There is a small sign I hadn't seen when I left.
"Dear Guests,
According to city ordinance, we are required to inform you of the presence of a naturist staying here. This is strictly for your information. The safety of our guests is our utmost concern. Please respect the rights of all guests, maintain social distance norms, and enjoy your stay.
Sincerely,
Hotel Management"
That's a nice touch I think to my self. I receive the new key and head down the hallway to the pool. At the door, I cannot see Sarah anywhere. I'll just take the food upstairs and find her there I suppose. Entering the room, my suspicions are confirmed as I can hear her in the shower. I put the food in the frig and enter the bathroom.
Sarah is on the side of the tub, legs spread wide open so she can shave her pussy completely clean. I lean against the door to watch. Looking up, Sarah smiles and puts the razor down.
"I was just finishing up. You have good timing." Sarah says as she pushes the first three fingers of her right hand into her perfectly smooth pussy.
"You are going to be an amazing sight." I tell her, keeping my eyes on her wide-open legs.
"So, what's for dinner?" Sarah asks, guiding me away from watching my dessert.
"I have a few things to grill. We can enjoy some time at the pool and eat al fresco." I reply.
"I'm just going to edge a little here so I can get used to this feeling, then I'll be out to help." Sarah says as she rubs herself. I stare for a moment, then head back to the frig to get what I need to grill our dinner. I stop at the bathroom door to tell Sarah to come on down, but she's already dried off and takes one of our bags of food. We head downstairs, exiting into the pool area.
There are a few people outside,and I hear a couple of whispers, but mostly I can feel the stares falling onto Sarah's body. We walk past our table to the closest grill and put our bags down on the table next to it. I open the grill to clean it off and Sarah walks off to get some drinks from our cooler. As I'm cleaning the grill which is heating up quickly, I hear some conversation from her direction. Turning, I see a couple of guys outside the fence talking to her. Looks like I'll need to get my own drink, so I head her way.
"You guys work at the event center? How is the re-opening going?" I hear Sarah ask them.
"We have a small group in tonight and tomorrow for team building stuff. Then, we have some more groups over the next few weeks. We have lots of cleaning scheduled every day to ensure safety and stuff." They answer.
"Well, I'm actually scouting out safe locations for some friends from around the state. Do you think we'd be welcome?" Sarah is so sly.
"I'm sure city ordinances would allow it if you can stay here like this."
"Cool. Maybe I'll come by. Meanwhile, this hotel has welcomed us quite enthusiastically, so we're enjoying it." Sarah finishes, and walks to the grill. I'm left there, looking at the guys as they watch her.
"We're actually here to help the hotel drum up some business. It's a lot of fun for us, so tell anyone looking for a place to stay about it." I tell them.
I don't know if they even heard me because they just walk off, watching Sarah as long as possible. For her part, she is just standing at the grill, then opens the bag with our dinner to cook.
"Let's get this dinner ready." I tell her as I move alongside her body.
"I'm famished!" Sarah exclaims.
"Well, this won't take long. You wanna cook, or get the table ready?" I ask.
"I'll set the table." Sarah walks back again to our table and gets the plates and silverware out.
The food cooks quickly, and we settle down to eat. The sun still shines on us as the pool is on the west side of the building. We'll have plenty of time to eat, relax, and then use the hot tub before heading upstairs.
"I like the fact this pool is on the west side of the building. We'll be able to enjoy the water until the sun sets." I tell Sarah.
"Oh, I think we'll be out here later than that." She tells me. "I want to see how busy the hotel gets tonight. I imagine most people will get rooms on this side."
Laughing together, we dig into our meals. We can hear cars leaving the event center, but our conversation keeps us from noticing. Sarah is so absolutely at ease that her nipples aren't even hard. This is a big moment for her, and I start thinking about cleaning up and enjoying the rest of the sunlight.
With Sarah still in her chair, I clean up the grill and toss the trash. Then, we're ready for fresh beers and head to the hot tub.
"I have dessert upstairs for later." I tell her as we get into the water. Hitting the whirlpool timer, we settle in and relax.
"I have your dessert right here, but we can take it upstairs." Sarah replies, as she begins to scoot into position under the swirling water. "Be ready to take my beer."
Under the bubbling water, Sarah is in place for a water jet to hit her square in her pussy. She sits calmly, but I'm sure she won't last long. I have to give her credit though. She lasts several minutes, drinking her beer, leaning back to catch sun on her face, and receives the pulsating water in just the right place.
Looking at me, Sarah enters into what will become a dozen orgasms. I grab her beer before she drops it in the water in order to grab the side of the hot tub. I just stare into her eyes intently as she descends into her private world. Not moving as the first set of orgasms take control of her body, Sarah stares back with glazed eyes as orgasm after orgasm convulses through her. Her calm demeanor and expressionless face the muscular reactions happening under the fast moving water.
"Turn it off, or call an ambulance." Sarah somehow utters.
"How many?" I ask as I do so.
"I lost count at 6. I'm guessing about a dozen. If I move, it will be 13."
Hopefully drinking a beer won't cause another orgasm, so I move carefully to do so. From our vantage point, I can see several rooms, a lot more than 5, that have opened their blinds even in the face of the late evening sun. I have my suspicions, but they will remain mine, and mine alone.
After a few minutes, we climb out of the calm hot tub, and grab our bags from our table. Heading up the stairs, we pass a few guys headed down to the pool. I can tell they stop to watch us go up, but we continue climbing.
In our room, I stow the food in the frig, then strip off my clothes. I find Sarah in a chair by the window where I can see the darkness outside has taken over.
"I need you to ride me." I tell Sarah as I sit on the bed. "I'm sure I won't last long."
Sarah stands up in front of the window, waves her hand toward the pool as if someone is watching her, then approaches me. I lie back on the bed, now fully erect for my naked wife to jump onto. And, jump she does, landing squarely on me. I slip inside quite easily, and Sarah begins rubbing her body on mine. I can feel my cock hitting her insides, and her clit is fully stimulated by my skin. Soon, Sarah's hands are on my chest and I grab her tits. I grind on my own, and we quickly move as one. I feel her tighten around me, and another several waves of orgasms rattle her body.
I hold on for dear life, but I can't stop myself from squirting deeply into Sarah. I grab her hips and continue moving her body so I can enjoy several more sensations of my own orgasm.
As we settle into each other's arms, I think both of us realize how exhausted we are. I carry Sarah into the bathroom where we clean up. In bed, we fall asleep in each other's arms. If today is any indication, tomorrow should be incredible since there are many more people here than we anticipated.
After a restful sleep, I rise with the sun. Sarah is already up; I can hear her in the shower. This morning will bring quite possibly Sarah's strongest test: the breakfast buffet. With the hotel's amazing hospitality, we are cleared to eat downstairs in the main lobby at the same time as the rest of our floor. This should be interesting. I need to wash yesterday off, so I join Sarah in the bathroom, but she's already done in the shower, so I jump in the tub.
"I'll see you downstairs." Sarah tells me.
"Sounds good. Hey if the line is long, make me a waffle." I tell Sarah.
"Okay." I hear the door close.
Purposefully, I take my time not to appear as if I hurried. Yet, I am somewhat out of breath when I arrive downstairs, mostly anxious to see what I'll find. What I find is Sarah at a table, eating and talking to an older couple who are seated at another. They have facemasks on. I hate this new reality.
"Well, here he is." Sarah says to them, as I bend to kiss her.
" Thanks for the waffle. I'll go warm it up. Do you need anything else?"
"Nope."
So, I get my plate together and pick up some fruit and coffee. The room is starting to fill quickly. Even with the various rooms on specifically scheduled breakfast times, most of the seats will probably be filled soon. I wouldn't be surprised to see Sarah leave when the majority of the seats are filled.
Sure enough, our conversation with the couple ends as they must head to the airport. Sarah and I finish our food. I refill our coffees in some disposable cups, and Sarah joins me by the buffet line and we exit the lobby. I'm glad I had a coffee because I couldn't stop drinking it. The hot liquid keeps my mind off the overwhelming number of eyes upon Sarah.
Upstairs, I ravish Sarah completely. Tossing her onto the bed, I open her up and devour every single dripping wet part of her pussy. I'm not sure how she hid it, but her wetness had to have happened downstairs. What I miss gets all over my face, and the smell is exactly what I need.
"So, you liked being downstairs?" I ask. "Let's try this."
Moving her to the window, I have Sarah face outside, putting her hands on either side of the window, tits completely in view of anyone outside. Bending down behind her, I spread her legs and begin licking her ass and fingering both holes. But, I must have more of her juices on my face, so I turn around and slide between her legs so I am looking up at her tits. It is here I can fully lick her and watch her look outside. I moisten a finger in my mouth and insert it into her asshole. Now, I can lick her as long as I want and see how she reacts to people outside.
Sarah must see someone she recognizes because she opens the window as far as it will go. As she leans over to the opening, I move my body and never stop sucking on her.
"Hey, can we come over today?" She asks.
"Sure. Better come soon so our boss can give you the tour." I hear from the street.
"Oh goody." Sarah says as she closes the window. "Ready for a little stroll?"
"I think I'll stay here." I reply, not even blinking an eye.
"Suit yourself." Comes the reply and Sarah leaves the room.
Wondering what i just unleashed upon the world, I watch Sarah run across the street and catch up to the event center employees. They walk across the parking lot toward a side entrance, and into the center. This is yet another surreal event in the proceedings I never saw coming. It's like this pandemic stuff has invaded our brains.
It's still several hours before lunch, and I suddenly need a beer. Or five. Instead, I grab 2 and head to the pool. I choose the spot we enjoyed yesterday, and sit facing the street so I can see Sarah return. It's an obvious move and does nothing to ease my nervousness, but I feel it necessary for some reason. Nonetheless, I get through my first beer, and still no sign of Sarah. I'm about halfway the second, and gaining liquid courage to go find my wife, when she suddenly appears across the street. Smiling and laughing, she is escorted back to the street. She gets a high five, then bounds across the street and stops in front of me.
"A beer, at this hour?" She asks.
"Yes, and I need another." I reply. "How was it? Will it work for our upcoming naturist convention?"
"Actually, yes, it will be perfect. Now all we need are some more naturists." Sarah laughs at my sarcasm, then walks inside the hotel and back out to me.
"Well, I was serious about the beer, but we'll go get more drinks in a moment. How was it? And, I'm not referring to the event center?"
"That was another invigorating experience. There were only a few employees in the entire place. We walked around the entire lobby and the larger ballroom. It's a very flexible type of space for many different types of events. The men were complete gentlemen, and they had lots of questions of how to handle a naturist group. I told them I had been to one event at a location that was strictly for naturists, but I was sure places like this would work just fine. So, all in all, I think they enjoyed looking at me, but ultimately just treated me like a potential customer."
"So here is what I enjoy. I enjoy watching you from a distance. Your nude body rocks my world. But now, when you're close, you are just my wife and I'm enjoying every moment we've been sharing together." I tell her.
"Well, I have something to take care of immediately. Go get more drinks." Sarah directs.
It's a quick trip for drinks; I'll get food later. Back outside, I find Sarah in the hot tub, and the water is beginning swirl around her. I have no doubt she is situated perfectly to once again enjoy the water jets.
"Come in and sit next to me." Sarah tells me as she takes a water bottle from me.
I get in holding my new beer in my right hand, and sit with Sarah on my left.
"Put your left hand here." Sarah moves my hand underwater to the top of her pussy. I can feel the water jet hitting her. "Rub here. Slowly."
I can feel Sarah grab my cock, and I become hard. We continue to rub and stroke each other, hidden under the bubbles. I relax and allow Sarah to bring me to my orgasm. I can tell she is flexing under the influence of several of her own. Letting go of me, Sarah stands in the middle of the hot tub, faces me, then climbs onto my thankfully still-hard dick. She is there just long enough to kiss me, then pulls off and climbs onto the side of the hot tub. As the swirling waters calm, do does my cock.
Today goes pretty much as we thought. There was plenty of foot traffic outside the hotel as people actually showed up for whatever was going on at the events center. The pool was empty all day long, at least until 5 or so.
I made one more trip to get more drinks for tonight, but my feeling is that we'll be taking most of them home. The reason for that was when I entered the hotel lobby and saw a nice big sign in the lobby. It was advertising a complimentary happy hour at 530, and free hamburgers and hotdogs were also being served.
Sarah doesn't even miss a beat. We spend all day outside, and the hotel staff begins setting up the grills and drink station outside before 5pm. Sarah jumps in to help arrange the serving line and they let me ensure the beer keg is flowing correctly.
The happy hour turns into a social hour for Sarah and all the women who show up in swimsuits, and turns even happier as many of them lose their tops and Sarah even gains a completely nude partner in crime. As the eye candy walks around enjoying the attention and conversations, it is apparent our job here is done. I find Sarah in the crowd pull her aside.
"I think our job here is complete." I say to her as we look at our handiwork.
"I'm looking forward to fucking you outside at home. We can't do that here." Sarah replies.
"Well, we can either go home now, or go find some place to fuck our brains out." I whisper into her ear.
"Let's do both." Sarah smiles at me.
That's all I need to her from my naked wife who has taken complete control of her inhibitions. We head out, knowing not only that our house awaits, but also another hotel in need of new business. I love this line of work.