My sister Barbara. She's a good mom, and she is a single mom. And since not so long ago she's also a MILF. A mommy I like to fuck. I'd never seen her as fuck material before. She was always just my sister, and the mom of my nephew Peter. But since she'd played in the Monkey Town at a special night for adults only, she's eager for my cock.
Monkey Town is the indoor playground in our city where children can play in a multi-storey maze with obstacles, slides, rope bridges and the like. And jump on trampolines or play in the balls pool. At special nights the venue is open for adults only. Mommies play as if they're children again themselves, and they play out dirty secret fantasies.
The most common secret fantasy many women have is getting caught up in a chase and then getting caught by an unknown male who forces himself upon her. One of the games at the Monkey Town Nights is for the ladies to play in the maze while hunters are set loose in hot pursuit to catch them. Their goal is to snatch the girl's panties, while the ladies try to get out of the maze still wearing their knickers. The MILFs who lose their panties in the maze must earn them back with a sexual favour to the holder of their panties. This ends most times with the MILF getting fucked and creampie-ed.
Last adult night Jessica, Peter's teacher and my hot fuck buddy, had brought my sister Barbara to the Monkey Town. Babs had lost her panties to me on purpose, and she had sucked on my cock. I had nutted big time in her mouth, spurting my seed into her throat. She had wanted me to take her knickers in the maze, so she had to be intimate with me. Because she wanted to taste my dick. And now I see her in an entirely different light.
Barbara was unleashed. She took every opportunity to flirt with me or to touch me. Whenever her son Peter was not around, she made her move on me.
SETTING THE RULES
"My big brother with the big dick, who would have guessed. Not until Jessica started talking about the Monkey Town Nights I had thought of your cock. Or of you in a sexual way. I understand now why you've been asked to participate in the monkey squad."
"You own my red knickers, Jacob, and my offer still stands. Gawd, I can't wait until I get my hands on your cock again..."
Last time in Monkey Town she refused to take her red knickers back from me after she blew my dick big time, promising me to only take them back after I had fucked her for real. Instead, she got herself a famous black panty with lettering saying: "this pussy played at Monkey Town".
Off course my dick grew to a rampant state. And my head filled with sordid images of me fucking my own sister and ravaging her beautiful body.
"Barbara, we really can't do that, it's incest."
"Well, I did suck you off, didn't I?"
"Yeah, but that's not fucking."
"But it is sex bro! And I do love the taste of your cock... and your sperm!"
"I guess it depends on your definition of sex. But yes, I agree it's sex. I admit I loved it too, but that doesn't make it right, does it."
"So, it is consensual, and we both loved it!"
"Sis, I love you to the end of the world and back, I'd do anything for you, you know that. But you and me fucking for real? That's too much, it's wrong."
"Now how can something so beautiful be wrong? I say it's great, it's plain love!"
Barbara rubbed her behind against my crotch. She felt my boner.
"That's a stiffie for sure, bro! I have a strong feeling you fancy me big time."
"Yeah, how can I not fancy a hot chick like you, but let's agree we behave ourselves at home! I don't want to misbehave when Peter might be around. So, no hanky panky at home."
"Surely I can kiss my favourite brother, and tease him in my own home?"
"Well, as long as it doesn't lead to outright sex, and if it's not happening in front of Peter, I see no big harm done."
"I hear you've reached some kind of agreement!" Jessica said with a big grin as she walked into the room. "Do I have anything to say in this matter, or is this to my liking as well?"
"Jess, my sis promised not to jump on me. Any outright sexual activity between us cannot be tolerated."
Barbara: "At home, bro, at home."
Jessica: "So you both agree to become intimate, but not in the privacy of your homes. That leaves Monkey Town as the crime scene I presume. You have my blessing darlings! Funny though that you guys are ready to commit incest, not in a covert way in the privacy of your own home, but out in the open in a public place..."
"Well, on an adult night in Monkey Town you can't call that a public place, and besides all people there are preoccupied with sex and won't notice or mind what we'll be doing together. They'll see me anyway, as I'm on official duty, and might very well encounter my dick themselves."
"If you say so Jacob. But there are always a few mommies from school who will recognise Barbara."
"Only very few know Jacob is my brother, Jessica!"
"Well, if this is a mutual agreement, I'd say it's a wrap. As long as I get my share of Jacob at home! He knows I agree with anything he does at Monkey Town, that's his own ground."
Meanwhile after teasing my cock with her behind Barbara was now stroking my bulge through my trousers. My penis had not shrunk. On the contrary, it had gained in size considerably. There was not one cell in my body that was not excited. My cock felt like it would burst open, and it eventually did. I'd never felt it throb so heavy before. I soaked my trousers in just a few seconds, at the hand of my sister.
Jessica laughed at my expense, but I couldn't care less. The only thought that filled my heart was the love for my sister. Not only as my sister, in a pure sibling way, but at the same time a pure animalistic physical love. As a member of the fuck stud squad at Monkey Town I was already an experienced stallion, used to fuck the ladies on demand. But creaming my trousers at the hands of my sister was something new. I had spilled my beans inside my pants, but it was at the hands of my sister Barbara, in her house.
"Now what's with your rule of no sex in your own house?" Jessica asked my sister.
"Well, let's say I didn't see Jacob's cock, and my pussy wasn't on view either. But even more, I don't remember us in contact with each other's genitals, so how could this be sex? And I can't help it that Jacob is so hot for his own sister that he creams his pants just like that, now do I?"
"Sorry sis," was my lame excuse. "I'm afraid that your lips around my cock the other night left me craving for your pussy. I admit I do want to merge our genitals real soon; I hardly can think of anything else anymore."
"How sweet, my Jacob is puppy struck on his sister's pussy," Jessica said. "I think I like the agreement you don't shag at home but keep that limited to a place my Jacob fucks chicks anyway. That way we keep our hard-core activities compartmentalised and retain our lives still normal. If that is still possible. At least for little Peter. I love you both, so if you can't always keep your hands off each other I understand. But please include me. And exclude Peter."
"Hear, hear!"
"Now Jacob, you take a shower and put on some clean clothes!"
MONKEY TOWN NIGHT
Next Friday I was on duty at the Monkey Town Night in the fuck squad. This time at the briefing one hour before the start of the event we were given instructions for a variation of the maze hunt, theembedded fuck crawl. When we catch a MILF on the run in the three-story maze, we take off her knickers, just like in previous hunts. But now we impale our victim on our cock. We can either deliver her at the exit with our fuck tool still fully inserted, or creampie-ed, with our sperm seeded deep inside her womb.
So, the forfeit for the MILFs to regain their knickers is getting fucked for a prolonged time inside the maze or being fucked ending with a sticky present inside their twat. Or both, fucked silly for a long time and with a happy ending. The key is they're getting fucked.
Anyways, because there are always more MILFs than hunters the chance for MILFs to reach the exit without being caught is much bigger this time with the fuck studs being more occupied with their victims. The chicks leaving the maze unscathed are put inside the ball pool, to be released into the maze again for round two. Jessica and Barbara were both among the first survivors.
As I caught a petite pale redhead early on, I roamed the maze with a tight hot cunt wrapped around my cock. She clamped herself to my torso as a monkey baby hanging onto her mommy. She held her legs wrapped around my hips and her arms tight around my neck. I smell her perfume and pheromones as my nose was close to her neck in her long red curls. This little firecracker loved being hauled around impaled on my big dick. Crawling through the maze together my cock got quite some stimulation from the friction in the vice like vagina, it nearly made me lose my marbles.
As I neared the exit, I saw Jessica and Barbara just jump past a big black monkey with a cute blonde on his hands. So, I missed my chance with Barbara this first round. And I had tried so hard to deliver my package quickly at the gate keeper so that I could go after my prime target.
THE SECOND ROUND
"There are still too many MILFs left with their knickers on. And we have only six monkeys. Since we can't play on until tomorrow, we will now blindfold all remaining MILFs. That way more chick's will be caught before they reach the exit. Have fun!"
Once the girls were blindfolded and set loose in the maze, we monkeys had had a free hunt. Off course the ladies were quite familiar with the maze, having observed their sprouts many times crawling through the obstacles. But being blindfolded is another story. Their progress through the maze was significant slower, they hesitated at junctions, and they showed signs of disorientation.
After everything that had happened in the recent weeks, I had to own my sister. I wanted nothing more than to feed my cock into my own sister's pussy. It was no problem to spot Barbara. In the first round Barbara and Jessica had made a dash to the exit, understanding that getting caught meant a prolonged fucking. But now, bereaved of their sight, there was no easy way out. They sat in the maze like a frightened animal in the headlights of a car. I hurried to them so I could catch Barbara first. As I rounded the corner one of my colleague hunters just grabbed both Jessica's and Barbara's arms.
I gestured to my colleague that I wanted Barbara, and he could take Jessica. I didn't want Barbara to know she was coming with me. He winked at me and let go of Barbara. I watched as Dylan put my Jessica on all fours, pulled down her knickers and shoved his mighty black boner inside her pussy from behind. She made a loud grunt. "UNGH!" Dylan pushed Jessica forward forcing her towards the exit. They moved only slowly, as Jessica couldn't see where she was going, and Dylan kept his thick black fuck stick deep inside Jessica's tight pussy, pushing her in the direction he wanted.
Meanwhile I grabbed my sister. I hoped the musky deodorant I had used from another hunter would disguise my identity. The rules said we had to fuck. And that was precisely what we were going to do. But it meant we would cross a border. I knew that's what my sister wanted too. But she didn't have to know we would be doing it now.
I took her left arm with my left hand and put it on her back, giving me some leverage on her body. I pushed her upper body slightly down, shoved my right hand inside her knickers from the top and laid my hand on that delicious bum of her, my thumb on her puckered hole and sliding the middle fingers to her front, grazing her naked pussy. HER NAKED PUSSY! The first time I touched her there! It made me shiver. Barbara shivered. For all she knew I was an anonymous hunter stud. But it could be me. She probably hoped I was me! But I bet she didn't think It's me now. I hadn't said a word, and I fooled her sense of smell. And even more, I've never touched her this intimate, flesh on flesh, so there was no way of comparing.
With my left hand I steered her around. I repositioned myself at her behind. Was I really going to do this? I was only inches away from fucking my sister. I drove my thumb home inside her arse. Barbara grunted loud. "UUUNGH!" With my right hand on her ass my thumb buried inside I dipped my fingers into her vagina. Boy, was she wet! I was now really intimate with my sis, but I still hadn't seen her naked pussy. Without effort I slipped two fingers inside easily. And then a third. With my thumb nestled inside her backdoor I had a good bowling grip on her bottom, still covered with her panties. I steered my own sister deeper into the maze in the opposite direction Dylan had left with my Jessica, away from the exit.
Barbara crawled on all fours through the narrow parts of the maze. I directed her with my thumb in her asshole and my fingers inside her pussy. With my left hand I pulled her knickers down. Now I could clearly sniff her female scents. Barbara's panting got worse. Or better, from my point of view.
We stopped at the underside of the stairway in the far corner, the same place my nephew Peter had shown me and where I had been intimate with Marjory and Tonya on my first night as a monkey fucker. I pushed Barbara against the back of the stair, her head down between two yellow bars that functions as steps, forcing her into a doggy position. I pulled her knickers down completely, admiring her great bum in the flesh for real.
I had to taste the sweet forbidden fruit of my sister. As she was bend down at the waist, I pulled her buttocks apart and put my tongue against her gash. Her girly juice oozed on my tongue, and she tasted like heaven. I lapped her folds, then put my tongue inside. She squirmed her hips and pushed her behind into my face. She was one hot lady in need of a good fuck. As a practiced fucker of strange flesh, I admired Barbara being into sex with strangers as well. She probably imagined now getting fucked by me. Being in the dark one tends to hold on to familiar images. Although we had never fucked until now, I was the only male present who she could relate to.
Barbara's panting grew louder. When I retracted my tongue, I gave her clit a good lick and she fell silent, holding her breath. I repositioned, holding on to her hips, and aligned my boner at the very entrance of her pussy. With my right hand I moved my cock up and down her wet snatch, putting our genitals into contact. I felt my sister's sex with my own dick. This was as far as it could go without the incestuous deed becoming a reality.
Was I going to do this? Was it fair to fuck my sister without her knowing it? She wanted to have my cock inside, that I was sure of. But was keeping her in the dark ethical? Is incest ethical? Is it when it's consensual? Does that make any difference? It's not that I would keep it a secret, off course Barbara would know before the night is over. Or would she?
So many questions in just a split second. Although I knew this is what we both wanted, I couldn't do it with her knowledge. That would make me feel being naked, out in the open. If I'm the only one who knows, I can deny it to myself. But it's incest all the same, I can't deny it.
I lowered my voice and grunted something like "Here you go!" Was that to Barbara or to myself?
Barbara made some loud grunts as I drove my rod home into her tight grotto: "UNGH, UNGH!"
Everything is done! Suddenly realising the deed was accomplished I held my cock buried deep inside Barbara. I bottomed out in one big push, as if marking the moment and making sure there was no way back. I was now officially an incestuous sister fucker. AND I LOVED IT!
I gripped Babs' thighs and pumped her pussy with deliberate deep strokes. My thick cock had no problem penetrating my MILF-sister's cunt. She was lubricated good with her own juice which flowed in abundance. Was she ready for a good fuck! In and out, in and out. All the way to the bottom of her sheath. I felt my acorn bump into her cervix almost every push.
Babs turned out to be a true Monkey Town slut. She met my pushes with driving back her bottom. I pushed her shoulders into the soft bars that constitute the steps of the stair. She grunted repeatedly: "UNGH, UNGH!"
Babs' cunt muscles squeezed my pecker good, keeping a firm hold on my meat. Retracting gave me the sensation she didn't want to let go. Her pussy sucked me inside continuously. Well, I didn't want my private friend to go anywhere else either. But we couldn't go on fucking for ever in the far corner of the Monkey Town maze. And I had to deliver her at the exit, either with my boner fully embedded within her pussy, or with my sperm deposited inside.
I fucked Babs already for some ten minutes. And things got even worse. My right hand had wandered to her belly and then to her swollen clit. While fucking that delicious pussy of hers I flicked her pleasure knob, forcing her body into an orgasmic bliss. Babs reciprocated my titillations by fondling my scrotum and squeezing my balls hard.
Now how could I not finish inside Babs' pussy. There was no willpower on earth big enough to refrain me from a massive orgasm. And there was nothing I longed more. But I was supposed to escort Babs to the exit with my cock inside her pussy. And we were at the far end of the maze. And my pleasure stick was already very agitated. It was simply impossible to fulfil this feat.
But how could I cum inside my sister? Incest is one thing, but actually nutting inside Babs' pussy, unprotected, and deliver my sibling seed to her womb... And could I do this without Babs realising I'm her own brother? For what Monkey Town fucker would drill her treasure silly in a far corner but her own brother?
No matter what I thought, I did have a massive orgasm. As I flooded Babs' pussy with my sperm, I couldn't withhold a grunt. Immediately my heart skipped a beat, had I betrayed myself? Probably not. It could be anybody's grunt for that matter. Babs grunted as well, and with a loud UNGH, UNGH her body started to tremble. This MILF just orgasmed on her brother's cock big time.
I withdrew myself from Babs' pussy and hissed in her ear in a low voice: "Go get yourself to the exit bitch."
She answered me a soft "Thank you bro!"
Shit, busted! Or did she think I was one of my black colleagues? Before she took off her blindfold I stepped around the corner.
THE LAST ROUND
Because of the chemical enhancer we fuck squad members got up front, my cock didn't come down. With my stiff boner pointing the way I roamed the maze again. I stumbled upon a blindfolded MILF who had lost her way. I grabbed her by the waist, ripped the panties away and impaled her cunt upon my cock. With Barb's juices still clinging to my shaft I penetrated the lost soul without much effort. Off course the silly girl shrieked, and she squirmed on my dick. As I held her bum firmly pulled into my crotch, my cock buried all the way up her fuck chute, I took her through the maze to the exit.
Because the friction between my cock and this fresh pussy I got agitated again. And I couldn't think of anything else but my sister's pussy. Those thoughts almost finished me again, but this time I managed to deliver the MILF at the guard keeper of the exit.
AFTER THOUGHTS
After the game I saw Jessica and Babs engaged in an animated conversation. Jessica provided encouraging support to my sister's enthusiastic stories. She was glad Babs' sexual encounter with me was well received.
"Now what makes you think it was me?" I asked the girls.
"Ha! So you thought you can fuck your sister like that and get away with it," said Jessica. "For starters, we know you. Who's been horny on his sister lately? And whose favourite spot is it anyways, all the way in the back under the stairs? Do you realise it's also Peter's favourite hiding place where he secretly peeks under the girls' skirts..."
"Yes Jacob, we know Peter is a little peeking Tom," added Babs. "He apparently takes after his uncle. So yes, when you brought me there, I thought it could only be you. But let's be clear: you exceeded my expectations and imaginations. You're definitely my favourite cock. My pussy only longs for your prick now."
"That could be a problem than!" said Jessica. "You decided you only want to have sex with Jacob in Monkey Town. And here it will be impossible to avoid sexual encounters with other horny studs..."
"Jess is right Babs. Here you have to share me with a lot of other girls. And the other way round, you must be prepared to get nailed by other men as well. That's the whole idea. For Jess and me this works perfectly. But we have our romantic and intimate moments at home as well, so we keep these places separated in our minds."
"Surely you can do the same Barbara. If needed I offer you my place to get together with Jacob, so you can avoid little Peter's intervention!"
"If you put it that way, I will reconsider my first solution. For I will not stop seeing my brother! I can't go on with my life without Jacob's cock, that I know for sure. I'm afraid I'm in love with my own brother! At least with his dick..."