This is another story in our real life adventures as a "Vixen-Stag, Hotwife" couple. We are natives of Tampa, Florida and we've been swinging now for over eleven years. We look forward to swinging for many more. From this point on we will title our stories with a hint to the location or scenario of the swinging event. We'll continue to submit our experiences as stories in the general timeline in which we experienced them. We hope you like them! Joel and Shannon.
Amateur night ass!
Brandon, Florida
The Avenue K Bar 10:00 pm
Shannon carefully reapplied her red lipstick while staring into the bathroom mirror. The bright red lip color highlighted her striking blonde hair and gorgeous face. Standing next to her as she freshened up were two twenty-something single's she'd seen sitting across the bar. The girls mumbled to each other while washing their hands, giving her judge-mental looks.
"Looking great," Shannon thought to herself as she admired her outfit.
Music from the bar jukebox lightly beat throughout the bathroom as Shannon examined herself for any flaws. Her tight black leather mini skirt clung to her curves like wet paint and barely covered her small, firm ass. Underneath, she wore the tiniest thong Joel could find online. The impossibly small front triangle of the teal thong was an inch wide by an inch tall. The thong was so minute it wedged itself between the lips of her dangling pussy lips. Huge 34DD tits erupted from underneath her low-cut semi-sheer leopard print cami top. Underneath her cami, Shannon wore a cupless black corset that Joel had purchased just for tonight. Shannon smiled, fully knowing the black lingerie was visible under her top like Joel loved. Shannon's bare nipples were hard and bulbous from the friction of rubbing against her blouse's sheer material. Sexy six-inch black pumps and a silver Hotwife anklet completed the sexy ensemble Joel had carefully chosen for her to wear tonight. Wearing the daring, tiny outfits Joel chose made her feel like a slut, and she loved it. The bolder the outfit he made her wear, the wetter her pussy was as she strutted around busy bars and clubs.
"Tonight is going to be amazing," Shannon mumbled to herself as the beginnings of a nice alcoholic buzz flowed throughout her tingling body.
"Slut," Shannon heard one of the girls mutter under her breath.
"And proud of it!" Shannon thought confidently while strutting out the bathroom to the envious glares of the bitchy coeds.
It was Thursday night, and college students mostly filled the small local bar. Shannon's body pulsed with excitement, knowing Troy was only minutes away from arriving. Troy, the guy they'd found on Adult Friend Finder, was in town for business and only available to meet this Thursday night.
Joel had signed them up for the swinger's website over a month ago in hopes of finding men that Joel and her could specifically tailor to satisfy their needs. Joel had spent weeks on the swinger website looking for just the right guy to fulfill their first online dating site hookup. Shannon chose Troy out of a group of five guys Joel had preselected. This weekend Troy was working nearby and suggested this bar in Brandon, Florida. It was a thirty-minute drive from their house, but he agreed to pay for a hotel if the chemistry was right between them. Troy was a white, thirty-five year old, 6'5 dark haired dreamboat. His chest and abs were beautifully chiseled from daily gym workouts. Shannon was immediately attracted to him as she studied the profile pictures and videos on his AFF account. His stats were definitely in the top one percent of available bulls. His profile page read like an unbelievable fantasy! Ten-inch thick cock, eight-inch circumference around, and a colossal cummer! For the last few weeks, Shannon had been reading and rereading the reviews and testimonials other women and couples left about him on the website. Her pussy gushed every time she read the lines; "Sex God"; "All night long stamina and then some,"; "Huge cummer...prepare to get covered,"; "The fucking of my life." The week before their meeting, Joel printed a picture of Troy from his profile page. Troy stood naked in the photo with his ten inch cock dangling between his legs like a firehose. Chuckling, Joel attached it to the fridge to magnify his wife's desire.
Shannon stared at Troy's picture for days and was unable to control her excitement any longer. After days of lusting, she suggested to Joel they both take Thursday and Friday off, giving themselves a long four-day weekend for playing and relaxing.
"We can relax at the pool during the day to recover from Thursday night. Then I can get dressed up in some little slutty outfits, and we can visit some new bars on Friday and Saturday night," Shannon cooed in Joel's ear.
"That's a great idea, and if it doesn't work out with Troy, maybe we can find another stud for you to play with over the weekend," Joel quickly replied with a wink. After a long month of work, he knew they were both prepared to party hard. Over the last two years, Joel had discovered that nothing was more relaxing to Shannon and him than fulfilling their dirtiest hardcore desires.
Joel watched his slutty wife slither across the bar with admiration. Gawking college men didn't even attempt to conceal their stares. Joel smiled inwardly, loving how they were falling into the new roles of their sexual dynamic with perfect fluidity. Joel took on the part of the alpha stag with relish, and Shannon filled the role of his Vixen Hotwife. Joel loved his stag role. Being the dominant pimp, while encouraging his willing wife to be a slut was everything he'd hoped it'd be and more. Shannon loved showing off and fucking different men, especially men Joel picked out for her. Being a slut was in Shannon's DNA, and being the stag meant he got to bring out every bit of the whore in her. Shannon was a willing follower of everything her stag demanded of her. There was no humiliation or disrespect in their relationship, and that's what made them perfect soul mates in their sexual adventures. They were definitely not into the cuckold, pussy husband bullshit that a specific subset of Hotwife couples participated in together.
"Did you miss me?" Shannon cooed as she slid onto the barstool next to her husband.
"Hell yes," Joel laughed, sliding over a drink he'd ordered for her.
Shannon took a sip of her cocktail and slowly rubbed Joel's thigh. She kept glancing at the door, waiting for her bull to arrive.
Joel grinned as he watched his wife continually gaze at the door.
"You want him bad don't you," Joel chucked.
"OMG, I'm really excited! If those testimonials are even close to believable, then he's going to be an amazing fuck," Shannon giggled like a schoolgirl.
"Let's not get our hopes up too much. Troy hasn't shown yet," Joel replied as he watched two young guys stealing glances at his wife. "I think we have a whole lot of options ready to go if he doesn't show," Joel said, jerking his eyes towards the men across the bar and alerting his wife to their lustful glances.
Shannon giggled. "I noticed them a while ago, they're cute, but I have my hopes set on Troy."
Before Shannon could complete her thought, her Adonis walked into the bar. Shannon immediately knew it was Troy. When he entered, his 6'5 presence engulfed the room. The college girls gazed lustfully at the beautiful, chiseled man standing at the entrance to the bar. His tight jeans clung to his rock-hard frame and accentuated his visibly huge package and firm round ass. Thick forearms and biceps rippled underneath a fitted black t-shirt. The college girls sat mesmerized as Troy's piercing blue eyes scanned the bar looking for his hotwife hook-up.
Shannon waved Troy over like an excited schoolgirl as soon as she saw the hunk.
"OMG, he's even hotter in person!" Shannon thought excitedly to herself.
Joel lightly squeezed his wife's thigh, joining in his wife's excitement at seeing Troy enter.
Joel's cock grew hard and began to strain against the fabric of his jeans as he admired the bull who was hopefully going to fuck his wife's brains out tonight. His pulse quickened while watching an absolutely giddy Shannon eye fucking Troy as he made his way over to them. Joel had to admit. The man was an absolute specimen. He could see the benefit of the adult dating website now. With a few clicks of a mouse, he was able to find Shannon's perfect alpha male. His cock had been hard for weeks as he searched the website and used the available filters to find the ideal man to pimp his wife out too. Shannon wasn't a size queen. She was more into looks and the physical conditioning of her men. But as Joel searched, he realized he wanted to find the ultimate alpha male specimen, one that checked her boxes and his. For him, that meant a large thick cock that erupted massive amounts of cum. He wanted his wife to be split wide open and pummeled by the biggest cock he could find. Troy was the man that checked the most boxes. He didn't have the biggest cock on the site, but he was by far the biggest cummer. All of that, combined with by far the best testimonials made Troy an easy choice. Shannon practically creamed her thong when she saw his rugged looks and the hard, toned body displayed on his profile page. Over the last couple of years, Joel had discovered that Shannon absolutely fell apart for tall, hot, fit, dark-haired men. Troy was all that and so much more. She immediately ok'd meeting him, and Joel set up all the specifics through email correspondence.
"OMG, you look even better in real life!" Shannon purred as she stood up and greeted Troy with a quick kiss on each of his cheeks.
"Wow, you look amazing! I knew you were Shannon the second I walked in the door," Troy quickly replied as his wolfish eyes looked Shannon up and down with an approving smile. "And you must be Joel. It's great to meet you in person," Troy said as he shook Joel's hand and slid onto the empty barstool between Joel and his wife.
"Same here, we were a little nervous about meeting a guy we found online, but from the way my wife is looking at you right now, I can tell we made the right choice," Joel chuckled.
"Yes, we did honey," Shannon purred as she pushed her chest out and took a seductive sip of her drink.
"OMG, this might be the hottest man I have ever seen," Shannon thought to herself. Her pussy was already beginning to drip. She could feel her tiny micro thong sliding deeply into the crevice of her vagina.
"Tell me about yourself Troy, what's your story? How's it that some sexy woman hasn't snatched up a hot man like yourself?" Shannon asked as the bartender brought a vodka tonic to Troy.
Troy gulped his drink before answering. "Well, the simple answer is I have found my soulmate. The long answer is it's very complicated," Troy replied as he held up his ring finger and displayed his platinum wedding band. "Is this going to be a problem?" Troy asked with some nervousness.
"Absolutely not, you do your thing, and we'll do ours. We're the last people that would judge," Joel quickly replied.
"I promise it's not going to be a problem," Shannon said as she reached over and placed her hand on Troy's hard inner thigh. "Do you mind if we ask about some of the details? Of course, you don't have to answer if you don't want."
"Can we get some shots here," Troy asked the bartender. "We're going need some alcohol for this story," Troy chucked.
The bartender brought three shots of tequila over to the threesome. The boys quickly downed their shots as Shannon watched. When they slammed their glasses down, she glanced mischievously at them, stood up, and slid between the two men.
"Could I have two extra limes?" Shannon asked the bartender. When the bartender brought them over, Shannon placed the wedges in the mouths of the hot men standing next to her.
"This is how you do a tequila shot," Shannon teased. picking up the shot glass and pouring the liquid down her throat. She immediately pulled Joel's face into her own and sucked the lime out of his mouth. Winking at her husband, Shannon spat out the used lime and turned towards Troy. She pulled Troy close and began sucking on the lime wedged in his mouth. Troy grabbed her leather-clad ass firmly and pulled her snuggly against his body. He removed the lime and rammed his tongue into her open mouth. Across the bar, the girls from the bathroom gawked as Shannon passionately made out with Troy.
"Little do they know how much of a slut I'm going to be for this hunk tonight," Shannon thought while pushing herself tightly against Troy's hard body.
"OMG, he's so confident and bold," Shannon thought to herself as she passionately kissed Troy. Troy's boldness and alpha male bravado took her by surprise when she sucked the lime in his mouth. Troy released Shannon from his embrace as waves of wetness erupted from her wanting pussy.
"Now that we got that out of the way, I can answer some of your questions," Troy said as Shannon sat on the barstool between the men.
Shannon sat and allowed her leather skirt to slide up her thighs until it barely covered her pussy. She spread her legs slightly, allowing her teal micro thong to subtlety peek out for Troy's viewing pleasure.
"You have stunning legs," Troy commented as he reached over and lightly placed his hand on her deeply tanned inner thigh.
"Aww, thank you, that's why Joel approves of my tiny skirts. He wants everyone to admire them as much as he does," Shannon replied. A slight moan escaped her lips as she luxuriated in the bull's hand caressing her inner thigh.
"Less is more, is my motto! I love watching men gawk at her," Joel added quickly. "So what's up? Your wife doesn't know that you're playing around? Or do you guys have an open relationship?" Joel asked.
"First of all, I love my wife more than the world. We're happily married, and we get along great. The problem is she's not sexual at all. She literally likes one position...missionary. As you know, I'm very well endowed, which makes it very difficult for her. She has a hard time taking my cock. I'm lucky if we have sex once a month. I guess you could say our "lovemaking" would be snuggling on the couch and massaging each other bodies," Troy said matter of factly.
"Everyone needs more sex than that," Joel said thoughtfully.
"I've always been an alpha with enormous sexual needs. Unfortunately my wife just can't satisfy my desires. I get it, she is who she is, and I love her for that, but...those needs have to be satisfied," Troy said as he stared at Shannon with wolffish dominance.
"That's why you're on Adult Friend Finder," Shannon commented.
"Ya, my job offers unique opportunities that allow me to live happily with my wife and also satisfy my sexual demands without hurting her. I travel to Tampa, Miami, and Jacksonville twice a month because of work. Through AFF, I'm able to meet no-strings-attached couples that are down for hardcore playing. I'm far enough away from home that she'll never find out. I get what I want, and my wife doesn't have to put out any more than she wants. As far as I'm concerned, we both live happily ever after," Troy chucked.
"What would she do if she found out?" Shannon asked, genuinely curious.
"Honestly, I think she might have an idea already, but she knows not to ask or investigate. She's just as happy with the status quo as I am."
"So do you meet couples every time your away on business?" Joel asked.
"I wish! No, I usually meet up with couples about once every other month."
"What do you do all those other nights you're on the prowl," Shannon asked as she spread her legs open wider, giving Troy a full view of the micro thong wedged up between her pussy lips.
Troy stared at Shannon's visible pussy lustily while he responded. "Usually, I just drink at a local bar or hit up the strip club," he answered sheepishly. "A lot of nights I find it's pretty easy to pick up a woman for a one night stand."
"I'm sure it's incredibly easy for you to pick up any women you want," Shannon chuckled while rubbing her hand on Troy's washboard abs.
"Why don't you take Shannon out to the dance floor while I order us some new drinks," Joel said mischievously.
"I'd love to," Troy replied instantly. He immediately grabbed Shannon's hand and led her out to the dance floor.
The hotwife and her boytoy stalked onto the dancefloor holding hands. Joel watched from his barstool as Troy's strong hands roamed all over his wife's pornstar body. His cock swelled and threatened to burst out of his pants as Shannon gyrated and ground her ass and pussy against her bull's hard body. Other dancers moved onto the dance floor and blocked the view of his wife and Troy. The nervous excitement of not knowing what they were doing sent his stomach into turmoil, but the nocuous acidic feeling in his gut made his cock even harder. Occasionally the mass of people would part, and he would catch a glimpse of Shannon's lips locked with Troy's. His next glimpse was Troy's large hand pressed firmly under the base of one of her huge 34 DD tits. Not seeing every second of the action was almost a bigger turn-on than watching them with an unobstructed view. Thirty minutes later, the giddy couple returned from the dance floor. Their bodies glistened with sweat as they collapsed onto their barstools.
"Your wife is fucking amazing," Troy commented.
"No, you were amazing, you're a great dancer, your moves got me so ready to, I think you know... " Shannon purred as she took a long drink of her captain and diet.
"You guys put on quite the show! All the eyes from the people at the bar were literally on you," Joel said confidently.
"I'm so glad we met you tonight! What would you have done if we didn't show up?" Shannon asked with a mischievous grin.
"I probably would have had a few drinks here and tried to pick up some women. If no one here caught my attention, I probably would have driven over to the strip club Deja vu. It's an amateur night on Thursdays. Amateurs really get me hot," Troy replied matter of factly.
"So, when you're out at the bar, what kind of women grab your attention?" Shannon asked as she reached over and lightly brushed her hand over Troy's crotch.
"Women just like you," Troy laughed.
"No, seriously," Shannon pouted as she rested her hand on Troy's now bulging package.
"Ok, when I'm looking for women to fuck I look for daring women. Women that aren't afraid to display their bodies. I like women that have no inhibitions, who like to drink and party with the boys. I like women who aren't afraid to try new things and who live life with a fuck me attitude. I like women that are the opposite of my wife," Troy said with authority.
Shannon stood up, leaned in, and began kissing Troy deeply. She massaged his rock-hard cock with one hand as she gripped his firm neck with her other. Shannon could feel the wetness from her pussy running down her inner thighs as she and her bull made out. Energy pulsed throughout her, and Shannon groaned in anticipation of his long thick shaft penetrating her.
"Was that daring enough for you," Shannon panted as she pulled away from the embrace?
"Actually, no, I think you can do better!"
Troy tossed a hundred-dollar bill on the bar and stood up. Shannon's eyes popped out of her head when she saw the massive bulge exploding out from the front of his pants.
"Follow me, guys, let's see how daring you really are," Troy commanded.
"Well, this sounds interesting," Joel chuckled while looking at his wife with a curious expression.
Shannon downed her drink and stood up. She grabbed her husband's hand as Troy led them to his rental truck in the parking lot.
"I guess he wants to get an early start on this pussy," Shannon whispered in Joel's ear as her heels clicked across the parking lot pavement.
"Hop in," Troy said as the automatic locks beeped.
"I'll sit on your lap honey, you get in first," Shannon said to her husband.
Joel eased into the passenger seat and helped Shannon onto his lap. Her short leather mini slid all the way up her thighs as she sat on her husband's lap
"Don't worry, our destination is only about five minutes away," Troy teased while staring at Shannon's exposed crotch.
"You like the view," Shannon purred, spreading her legs open even wider. Her tiny micro thong was completely soaked, and the sliver of fabric that was there rode up between her meaty lips, disappearing into her drenched slit.
"Fuck! You're such a tease," Troy growled as he put the truck in drive and pulled out into traffic.
Joel began to nibble lightly on his wife's ear. Shannon moaned loudly and began to grind her ass against Joel's cock as Troy drove.
"Let's see how wet you got on the dance floor," Joel whispered. He made eye contact with Troy as he lightly rubbed two fingers over his wife's glistening pussy.
"I'm dripping, baby... He has me fucking dripping!"
Shannon grabbed Joel's hand and slid two of his fingers into her gushing box.
"Unnngh," Shannon groaned as Joel's fingers flicked over her swollen g-spot. She spread her legs wider and placed her heels on the dash allowing Joel better access to her dripping pussy.
"Oh ya, you're a big fucking slut aren't you," Troy added as he reached over and grabbed one of Shannon's gigantic 34DD tits and slowly massaged the huge mound as he drove.
"Omg, yes," Shannon moaned as her eyes rolled back in her head from the two men feeling her up and fingering her.
"How much longer to the hotel?" Shannon moaned. "I need your cocks so bad," she breathed.
"The hotel? Who said we're going to the hotel?" Troy said devilishly. "You're gonna need to prove you're a slut before you get a piece of this cock," Troy teased as he grabbed the massive bulge protruding from his crotch.
"What did you have in mind?" Joel asked, genuinely curious.
"You'll find out in a couple of minutes. In the meantime, keep your slut wife's legs spread open. Her pussy is magnificent," Troy commanded.
Minutes later, Troy pulled into the parking lot of Deja Vu. Bright neon sparkled from the strip club sign that was advertising nude live girls. Joel smiled when he noticed right under the marquee, amateur night tonight be advertised. Troy pulled into a parking space and threw the truck into park.
"My turn," Troy groaned as he Leaned over and started fingering Shannon's pussy with Joel. Shannon bucked on the men's fingers as they probed and massaged her soaked snatch.
"I don't think I've ever been this wet," Shannon thought to herself as her pussy was manhandled by multiple fingers.
"You ready to prove yourself to Troy and me," Joel seductively whispered in his wife's ear.
"Mmm, yes, what do you want me to do," Shannon groaned as she forcibly tried to prevent an orgasm from crashing through her body.
"Well, I'm guessing Troy wants you to perform on stage tonight," Joel panted. "And that's what I want you to do also.
"Hell yes, nothing turns me on like an amateur stripping for the first time. I dared another wife to do the same thing a few months ago, but she wasn't brave enough. Are you a daring slut? I promise you, my cocks all yours if you get up on that stage," Troy said convincingly to Shannon.
Shannon shooed the men's probing hands off her body, pulled down her leather skirt, and gathered herself before replying.
"I don't know...I've never done it before. It's one thing to wear revealing outfits to the bar. It's quite another to take it all off for a room full of complete strangers," Shannon said seriously.
"You can do it. You flash strangers all the time. Stripping wouldn't be that much different at all. It'd be just a touch more blatant," Joel urged.
"You're the type of woman that likes the attention, and I knew that the second I walked in the bar tonight. Now It's time for you to embrace your dark side fully. You're going to prove to Joel and me how slutty you are! Tonight you're getting up on that stage, and you're going to shake your ass and tits. We're going to love it. The men in the bar are going to love it! And most importantly, you're going to love it," Troy promised her.
"Maybe...I'm not promising anything, but I guess we can go inside and check the place out. But...gawd, I want that cock later, and if stripping is what it's going to take fuck you, I might consider it," Shannon said nervously and with a slight giggle.
"I can't believe I'm thinking of doing this," Shannon thought to herself as the threesome entered the strip bar. Nervous energy poured into her gut like a tidal wave causing her stomach to flip flop. The thought of dancing naked in front of strangers scared the shit out of her.
"Let's just keep an open mind," she reassured herself to keep the butterflies out of her stomach.
Men of all ages packed the bar, from college frat boys to guys in their sixties. Shannon spotted a few normal women with their significant others, but ninety-nine percent of the customers were horny men. Troy led them to a small round table close to the main stage. Shannon had never felt more eye fucked as men blatantly stared while she strutted to the open table. The outfit she chose was a massive hit with the clientele here. The voracity and bluntness of the men's stares hardened the nipples under her semi-sheer cami.
"It looks like you're as hard as I am," Joel chuckled as he pointed out Shannon's erect nipples bursting from underneath her semi-sheer cami.
"I guess this is hotter than I thought," Shannon giggled nervously. "I've never felt more like a piece of meat... it's kinda turning me on!"
"What can I get you guys to drink?" A young cocktail waitress asked.
"Give us six shots of tequila, two Dos Equis, and a Captain and Diet please," Troy told the waitress.
"Gotcha, you dancing tonight?" The waitress asked Shannon.
"I haven't decided yet," Shannon replied sheepishly.
"You definitely should! You'd make major money! If you decide to dance, go up to the DJ, and he'll add you to the setlist," she said casually.
"Thanks, I will, but I need some drinks first," Shannon chucked.
"Perfect, a little liquid courage helps every time. I'll be back in a second with your cocktails."
"Next up on the main stage, a Florida Southern coed...Sexy Samantha!" The DJ boomed out over the PA system.
Pulsing music erupted from the sound system as lights began to flash and flicker over the main stage.
Shannon watched the main stage expectantly as a twenty-something coed strutted onto the shiny elevated dance platform. The young nubile girl was wearing a pink bikini that barely covered her tiny tits and fat ass. A smattering of applause came from some of the older men in the crowd who were clearly interested in the young-looking college girl.
"She's a first-timer," Troy commented with an amused expression.
"What makes you say that," Shannon asked as the girl stumbled while walking in her highly elevated platform shoes.
"That's probably a sign," Joel laughed. "But I give her credit, she dares to get up there, and she looks pretty damn good. I like bigger tits, but she's not bad," Joel added.
"I can do better than that, and I'm over ten years older than her," Shannon thought to herself, carefully watching every move the young girl made on the stage.
The girl finished up her two-song set with some very seductive gyrations. The men sitting in the front row tossed Dollar bills onto the stage with lustful stares. Dollar bills surrounded her as she gyrated on her back with spread legs. Shannon watched jealously at the men staring wolfishly.
"I think I want to be gawked at like that," Shannon thought greedily to herself.
"Let's give a big round of applause for Sexy Samantha," the DJ boomed out. "Our next amazing amateur on stage tonight is Olivia!"
The waitress dropped the drinks off for the threesome as the next dancer stepped onto the main stage. Six shots, two beers, and a mixed drink filled the tiny strip club table.
"I guess it's time for some of that liquid courage!" Shannon said, quickly downing her first shot. The liquid fire poured down her throat, warming her belly. She smiled mischievously at Troy before quickly swallowing the second shot. Shannon was now three shots and two drinks deep tonight, and well on her way to the fuck it attitude, she knew she'd need to get on stage.
"Fuck!" Joel groaned.
"This is going to be one of those nights," he thought to himself as he watched Shannon fill herself with booze.
"That's my girl," Troy cheered while clinking his shot glass against Joel's before downing the potent alcohol.
Shannon made eye contact with the server and called her over.
"I'm going to need one more shot, and then I think I'll be good to go," Shannon told the scantily clad girl.
"What kind do you want," the server replied, visibly impressed that Shannon had so quickly dispatched the first two shots.
"Surprise me, but make sure it's strong."
"You want me to put your name in with the DJ while I'm back there?" The server replied with a wink.
"Fuck it, ok, I'll do it." Shannon quickly replied with nervous anticipation.
"What should I use for your stage name honey?"
Shannon thought about it for a second before replying.
"Kitty sounds good. Use that as my name."
The cocktail waitress smiled mischievously.
"Good name, I'll be back in a few minutes with your shot kitty."
"Omg, I'm doing this. I'm such a slut," Shannon said as the waitress walked away. "I feel like I'm going to throw up," Shannon added as her stomach made loop de loops.
"You'll be amazing! You've been naughtier on dancefloor clubs than this. Christ, I've watched you with your top pulled down, practically getting fucked by men as people danced all around you," Joel reassured his wife. "Just pretend Like you're on the dancefloor at the club."
"If you get nervous, make eye contact with me, focus on me and what I'm going to do to you. Nothing makes me hornier than real women who embrace their whore instincts," Troy said confidently.
Shannon stared at the bulges erupting from Troy's and Joel's pants. The stunning sight filled her with confidence. How hot would it be to get hundreds of men hard like that!
"I'm fucking dripping thinking about them all staring, baby. I want to do this. I'm going to show Troy what the fuck he's missing in his relationship," Shannon purred as she rubbed Joel's inner thigh.
Shannon turned to Troy and sucked on his earlobe while whispering in his ear. "Is that your fantasy Troy? Do you want your wife to be just like me? Do you want your wife to be a cock hungry whore who strips for other men and makes them beg for her pussy?" Shannon pushed her tongue into Troy's mouth, flicking it in and out. "I'm going to be that slut for you tonight. I'm getting on that stage for you. I'm going to be a whore and get those men to lust after me! Is that what you want, baby?" Shannon breathed heavily in Troy's ear.
"Fuck yes," Troy groaned. "And afterward, I'm going to make you my whore!" Troy replied forcefully.
"Mmm, I want that more than anything!" Shannon whispered back in his ear.
"Joel, Troy wants me to be his whore tonight! Is that ok with you?" Shannon said to her husband with a wink.
"Baby, you're going to be more than Troy's whore tonight. I don't think I've ever been this turned on," Joel quickly responded.
Joel's cock felt like it was going to burst. He knew the more Shannon drank. The crazier and less inhibited she became. Shannon had drunk a lot, but he'd never seen her this blatantly whorish before. He didn't know if it was Troy, the alcohol, or the fact that she knew she was going to strip in front of a bunch of men that had her so revved up. The reality was it was probably a combination of all those factors. Seeing her like this filled him with lust and a crazy kind of love that most men would never have, or ever experience. Nothing was more satisfying than seeing his wife degenerate down to her rawest, most authentic self. His duty was to encourage that transformation, and tonight he was going to make sure he did everything possible to support her in it.
"Here's your shot Kitty. The DJ said, you're on stage in three songs. I'll take you backstage after you drink it," the waitress said over the pulsing music.
"Let's go," Shannon replied before the waitress could say another word. "Wish me luck, boys!" Shannon said with confidence as she stood up and downed the shot.
Shannon leaned down and kissed her husband on the cheek before letting the waitress lead her away.
"One more thing," Shannon said to the waitress before she entered the dressing room. "Tell the DJ to change my stage name to Slutty Shannon."
"You got it, and don't worry, you're going to knock them dead," the waitress replied with a smile.
Joel quickly downed his beer and started on his second while waiting for Shannon to come on stage. It was hard to focus on any women working the room when the seconds seemed to stretch on for hours. Troy was right, though. It was more exciting watching the amateurs dance than it was watching professional strippers.
"You're so fucking lucky," Troy commented, trying to make small talk to pass the time. He was obviously just as excited to see Shannon come on stage as him.
"Hell yes, I am," Joel replied. "Make sure you give her a legendary fucking later! Make her scream! She wants it just as much as I want to watch it."
Troy tossed a pile of bills on the table, signaling the amateur dancers that he wanted them to approach us. The dancers usually solo danced for the crowd after their sets to earn more tips. The young coed Samantha immediately made her way over when she noticed the large pile of bills on the table.
"Hi guys, you want a dance?" Samantha cooed.
"With an ass like that, how could I say no," Troy promptly responded.
"Awww, thanks, honey," Samantha purred as she slowly gyrated her ass inches from a cocktail-sipping Troy.
"Fantastic ass!" Troy reiterated as he slid a five into her pink g-string. "Thanks for the dance."
"How about you sexy," Samantha purred to Joel in a blatant attempt to drain him of his cash.
"I'd love a dance. My friend is right. Your ass is amazing," Joel replied.
Shannon nervously sat in front of one of the vanities in the changing room. She carefully reapplied her lipstick before reviewing the list of unacceptable behaviors the manager handed her when she arrived backstage. Butterflies filled her stomach, but excited anticipation steeled her resolve. As she sat carefully reapplying her make-up, she quietly meditated on how far she had come in the last two years. She'd taken her loving, boring relationship with a boring sex life, and completely transformed it to a loving, adventure-filled relationship with mind-blowing sex. Love for Joel filled her as she recalled some of their exploits over the last two years. She smiled inwardly, remembering how she'd started out wearing sexy outfits. Then how Joel encouraged her to wear blatantly sexy and whorish outfits. Next how she pushed the limits of dirty dancing and exhibitionism. She fondly remembered the first time she let another man fuck her. The hot night playing with her best friend and fucking two hot studs in front of their husbands. And finally, the first time she went out alone and picked up a guy to fuck in Padre Island. She knew tonight was going to be a night to add to her list of memories.
"You almost ready?" the manager asked Shannon. "You're on stage after this song."
"You know what! I've never been more ready," Shannon said with confidence.
"Next up on stage is another first-time dancer! Let's give a big round of applause for Slutty Shannon!" The DJ's voice boomed out.
"Two years ago, if you'd have told me, I'd be dancing on stage at a strip club like some whore. I would have laughed out loud," Shannon thought to herself. "Now I realize that's what's I am, and I love it."
Joel's mouth fell open when the DJ announced his wife as "Slutty Shannon."
"She's really embracing this," Joel thought with awe.
Shannon strode onto the stage to a roar of applause. The music's bass thumped in Joel's chest, stirring up the juices in his nervous stomach. All the eyes in the club were on the blond bombshell advancing to the stripper pole on center stage. Whistles and catcalls erupted from the audience of learning men. Shannon's ultra-short leather microskirt barely covered her ass cheeks as she slowly stalked around the stage. She looked like a hungry cat surveying her stunned prey.
"Fuck! She a natural," Troy yelled out in awe.
"I've never been so turned on in my life. Seeing my wife on stage feels like an out-of-body experience," Joel mumbled.
Joel and Troy watched Shannon move to center stage and grab the stripper pole with both hands. Her leather-clad ass faced directly at the crowd. Shannon turned her head and made eye contact with Joel and Troy. She mouthed "I love you." to the gawking pair. Seconds later, her hair whipped around. Shannon spread her legs, stuck out her ass, and bent over. Her hands slid down the pole seductively as the dance move exposed her tight butt. Cheers erupted as the micro leather skirt rose and revealed her entire beautiful ass and crotch.
"Fuck yes!" a guy in the front row yelled out. A chorus of catcalls immediately followed as Shannon began to tease the men.
"Omg." Joel heard the guy at the table next to him mutter when he viewed the thin string of his wife's micro thong wedged into the crevice of her pussy.
Shannon stood back up and faced the crowd. Her black leather skirt had risen up the front of here thighs, exposing the tiny triangle of her teal micro thong. Joel chuckled when he saw the thong making a valiant but futile effort to cover her pussy. She walked and spun around the stage to the beating and pulsing of the music. With every step, the men in the club became more mesmerized. She stopped mid-stage and began to slowly rub her enormous 34DD tits. She squeezed her hard nipples, enlarging them. Men gawked openly at the bulbs straining to be free of the semi-sheer cami top.
Chants of "Take it off, take it off, take it off," erupted from the crowd of oversexed men.
Shannon smiled at the crowd and slowly popped the three buttons that held the cami top closed. she held the cami closed across her chest when she released the last button. Joel watched as his wife once again turned her back to the crowd with a devious smile.
"She's a natural! Look at her work this crowd," Troy said excitedly to Joel. "I haven't seen an amateur work a crowd like this in years."
"She looks fucking amazing!" Joel answered back,
Bright spotlights illuminated Joel's wife as she shook her ass while carefully holding her top in place with one arm. Every man in the bar waited in anticipation for Shannon to expose the tits under her top. Shannon turned back around and walked to the front of the stage seductively. Joel watched her stare at a table of hot guys, pause, and then quickly yank open her top. Cheers erupted from the crowd when Shannon's tits spilled out gloriously. Her black cupless corset gave the illusion that her tits were even more significant than 34DD.
Joel's cock was fully erect, and the bulge's outline was visible to all around him. Joel glanced at Troy's crotch and smiled at his visibly rock-hard cock protruding under his pants. Joel returned his attention to his wife on stage. Sweat was glistening all over her bare chest as she spun and danced on stage. Her pink nipples were swollen and protruding from the tips of her massive tan peaks. The hardness of her nipples was like a neon sign advertising how turned on she was. Joel leaned up and slid his chair as far forward as he could under the small table.
Shannon had every infinite ounce of his attention. She was a goddess on stage. Her tits swayed and bounced majestically in front of the mass of cheering men. Joel accidentally brushed his hand over his crotch and nearly fainted from the pleasure of touching himself as his wife showed off on stage. Joel left his hand on his crotch as the music from the first song faded away. Shannon slowly retreated to the stripper pole while she waited a few seconds for the next song to begin. The black leather skirt had risen seductively above her waist from dancing around the stage. A shiny sheen of sweat glistened enticingly upon her tanned legs and chest. The beat of a popular hip-hop song erupted from the speakers. The bass vibrated throughout the club as Shannon renewed her striptease to the relief of all watchers.
"You think she is going to get fully nude," Troy asked Joel excitedly.
"I have no idea how far she plans on going! Not knowing is making it even hotter for me," Joel said with admiration.
Shannon slowly unzipped her black leather micro skirt and let it fall to the ground. She stepped out of the black leather puddled around her high heels. Bills began to rain down on the stage from men sitting around the raised central platform. Smiling, Shannon turned and spun, wearing only her teal micro thong and cupless black corset.
Joel watched Troy grab a twenty-dollar bill from his stack. He walked over to the edge of the main stage and held the money up. Shannon smiled when she saw him standing at the stage edge. She sashayed to the edge of the stage, laid down on the shiny stage floor, and spread her legs wide. Shannon slowly opened and closed her legs before rising back up. The amateur stripper licked her lips and slowly crawled directly in front of Troy. The hot, horny stud held the twenty in front of the strap of her teal micro g-string.
"You're doing amazing," the hot stud said as he slid the twenty carefully into the side of her teal micro g-string.
Shannon stood up on her knees and whispered into Troy's ear. "I'm hoping you're going to be just as amazing in a few hours!"
Shannon moved immediately and left Troy standing empty-handed. The stripper crawled slowly and seductively to the next guy holding money up. She rolled onto her back, spread her legs, and thrust her hips into the air raunchily. Once again, Shannon whispered in the guy's ear, "thank you," as he placed his cash in her g-string.
Joel watched his wife from the table while he stealthily rubbed the massive erection throbbing under his pants. A parade of men was holding money up, vying to catch his wife's attention and place money in her g-string. Ones and fives were raining down on the stage around his wife as she gyrated, thrust, and groped herself for the horny men. The music faded away as she jiggled her tits inches away from a frat boy's face. He thanked her and slid a ten into her g-string. Shannon crawled back to the middle of the stage as the music from the third song began to pulse out of the massive sound system.
Joel watched in anticipation from his table. Troy had rejoined him, and he looked like a caged animal ready to be unleashed. Joel could tell Shannon had awakened something primal in him. His alpha male genes were fully asserting themselves. Troy looked like he wanted to go up on stage and fuck his wife right there. He could sense his desperate need to use his cock to pump her full of his alpha DNA. Amateur night was turning out to be one of the most incredible nights of Joel's life. His wife was showing off like a total whore, and he found a genuine alpha male specimen to fuck her. Joel refocused, trying to seer every image and memory from tonight into his brain.
Nervous, excited energy flowed throughout Joel as he waited to see what his wife's next decision would be. Typically, the third song of the set was when the pros got completely naked. Many amateurs chose not to go all the way. Joel waited with building excitement as he closely watched and waited for his wife's decision.
Men cheered and hollered as Shannon slowly removed her corset. Her top half was now completely bare. She grabbed the stripper pole and began to flow around it. Joel was witnessing a Greek goddess swinging around the rigid bar. Her huge tits swayed and bounced, covered in a sheen of glistening sweat. The Bills in her teal g-string flapped in the wind as she continued to swing around the silver pole. Shannon gripped the Phallic shiny pole tightly with one hand. With an exaggerated flourish, The hotwife flopped her head back as she spun, whipping her hair around. Shannon used the powerful spin to slide out onto the stage floor. Men continued to throw ones and fives as she arched her back, thrusting her chest and tits skyward. Hard swollen nipples erupted from her huge tits as she forced them up in the air.
Joel watched greedily from his table as his wife spread her legs wide. She slowly ran her hands up and down her inner thighs. Men audibly gasped every time her fingers lightly brushed over her barely-there thong. She might as well have been naked because every time she thrust her pelvis up in the air, the g-string slid farther up the slit of her pussy. He knew what the men wanted, and Shannon was milking them for every dollar. Joel rubbed the outside of his pants even harder as he watched his wife grab hold of her g-string. Joel observed the glazed-over look of lust in her eyes and immediately knew what was coming. When she got this look, he knew she was zoned out and had completely let her hormones take charge of her.
"Do it, baby, do it," Joel whispered. "Take your thong off and show these men how slutty you are,"
Troy shot Joel an admiring glance as Shannon played with the straps of her G-string. She moved the straps back and forth, up and down in front of the lustful crowd.
"I think she's gonna do it," Troy murmured.
Joel began to rub his hand even faster over his crotch as Shannon pulled and teasingly toyed with her thong. Joel gasped as she pulled the straps high up her sides, cameltoeing the small triangle of thong deep into her glistening pussy.
Shannon lifted her hips off the floor and began to slowly pull her thong down as she simultaneously pushed her crotch high into the air. It seemed as if time had slowed to half speed as Shannon's pussy came fully into Joel's view. Shannon bent her knees and pulled them into her stomach. She slowly pulled the teal thong off one foot and let it dangle from her left high heel.
Men crowded around the stage, holding money out to the naked blonde goddess. Troy grabbed a handful of bills from the table and once again approached the stage. Shannon saw him and rolled over on her stomach, inches from the edge of the stage. She looked over her shoulder directly at Troy, spread her legs wide, and pushed her ass in the air. Shannon's glistening pussy lips were on full display to Troy and all the men immediately around him.
"Show me," Troy mouthed to Shannon.
Shannon nodded her head, never breaking her gaze with Troy. She slowly licked her red lips and began thrusting her ass and hips up and down to the beat of the music. With every thrust, Troy tossed a bill onto her ass, never breaking eye contact. Men crowded around Troy and joined him in launching their cash onto the body of the slut gyrating naked on stage. Shannon's stage was covered with bills of all denominations when the third song's music finally faded out. Shannon quickly gobbled up all the cash along with her clothing that was strewn about the stage. Shannon stood naked and with a wave, she strutted back into the dressing room.
"Wow, oh wow, let's give a round of applause for Slutty Shannon! She was a natural. Hopefully, she'll be joining you all in a few minutes for table dances. Next up on the main stage, let's give a big round of applause for Tiffany."
"You have a job here anytime you want, honey," the manager said to Shannon as she redressed herself. "You're a natural at working the crowd."
"Thanks, but this was just a fun experience for me. I have a great job already that I love. Not to say that you won't see me from time to time on an amateur night," Shannon giggled.
"That was exhilarating! I've never felt so alive as I did with those bills raining down on me. All those eyes were watching my every move. It was intoxicating," Shannon commented devilishly.
"You want me to sign you up for another set?" The manager asked.
"No, I have to take care of some business with my husband and my friend, but I'll probably stick around a bit for some table dances," Shannon replied quickly.
"Well, think about it. You'd make amazing money working here."
"Thanks, I'll keep that in mind."
Shannon reapplied her makeup in the mirror and quickly counted the pile of bulls she had collected.
"Holyfuck! Three hundred and fifty-six bucks from less than fifteen minutes on stage," Shannon muttered to herself.
Shannon stuffed the bills in her clutch purse and confidently strode out of the dressing room. The big-titted blonde Hotwife was immediately assaulted by men asking for dances and calling her name. She smiled politely at all of them, promising to return in a few minutes. She spotted her husband and Troy and collapsed into the chair between them.
"I need a drink," Shannon chucked. She grabbed the hands of the two men she was with and squeezed. "So, what did you guys think?"
"Baby, that was fucking fucking epic! I'll remember this night for the rest of my life," Joel quickly answered.
"Shannon, that was the best amateur dancing I've ever seen! You had me and these guys mesmerized," Troy added.
Troy slid the drink he'd preordered over to Shannon. Shannon took a long deep swallow before commenting.
"It was amazing! I've never felt so slutty in my life. The eyes of all the men staring made me want more. The more I gave them, the more they stared and the more I wanted to show. I wasn't going to take off my thong, but I couldn't stop myself," Shannon recalled excitedly.
"I'm so glad you did. Watching Troy and all those men throw those bills on you was one of the hottest things I've ever watched," Joel said, squeezing his wife's hand.
"It's pretty early yet. Why don't you guys grab a few more drinks? I'm going to try giving some table dances so I can say I felt total experience! Then I can check it off my bucket list," Shannon purred. "Is it ok if I dance for strange guys at their tables, baby?" Shannon teased her husband.
"I don't think there's anything I want to watch more than that for the next couple hours," Joel teased his wife while pulling her hand onto his bulging crotch.
"Mmmm, baby, I like it! Is watching me going to keep you like this all night?" Shannon purred.
"The more daring you are, the harder I get, baby,"
"I'm ok with you leaving your husband and me alone for a couple of hours as long as I get the first dance, Shannon!" Troy quickly added.
"After all, it was my idea to take you here. If slutty Shannon wants to give these horny guys some lap dances, then you'll need to do it the same way as a professional stripper. First of all, you can't give lap dances with a skirt and top on. Take off the skirt and top. Give them to Joel," Troy ordered.
Shannon loved the authority of Troy's commands. She could tell why the women and couples on AFF so highly recommended him. Her pussy quivered when Troy commanded her to strip her skirt and cami top off.
"Of course, Troy, I stripped on stage for you and Joel, and now I'm going to give naked table dances just like you want," Shannon said obediently.
Joel helped his wife stand up. She rose off the chair and carefully pulled her skirt and top off. Joel folded them and set them under the table with her clutch.
"You guys like this?" Shannon said deviously to the two men as she sat back down in her chair. She sipped her drink seductively and admired the men gawking at the tables all around her.
"That's perfect. You look fucking amazing," Joel told his cock hungry wife.
Shannon finished her drink and waved at the waitress to bring her another.
"I think it's time, boys!" Shannon grinned, stood up, and moved directly in front of Troy.
Shannon's black cupless corset displayed her huge tits majestically. Her teal micro thong was by far the tiniest g-string of any of the Amateur dancers. Shannon adjusted it as she stood, carefully placing it so it wasn't wedged so deeply into her snatch. Joel watched with a rock-hard cock as his beautiful wife stood directly in front of her bull clad only in six-inch heels, a tiny g-string, and a cupless corset.
"Would you like a dance," Shannon whispered into Troy's ear.
Troy pulled out a one hundred dollar bill and held it up for Shannon to see.
"Oh yes, I've been waiting all night for you," Troy answered.
The DJ started a new song, and Shannon began to dance seductively in front of Troy.
Joel was mesmerized as his wife swung her huge tits millimeters from Troy's face. Shannon smiled at Troy and slowly pushed his face into her chest. Troy moaned as Shannon squeezed her tits together and rubbed them lightly against him. She turned and bent over in front of him moving her ass in a circular motion. Troy groaned again as the blonde goddess gyrated her pornstar body inches from his. With a wink at her husband she lowered herself down onto Troy's thigh and slowly gyrated back and forth. Joel gasped when he saw the almost impossibly large budge erupting from Troy's crotch.
"Omg, I can't wait to see Shannon split open by that monster later," Joel thought to himself.
The three-minute song seemed to last only seconds to the hypnotic men. Shannon held out her g-string strap so Troy could slide the bill into it.
"I'll see you in a while," Shannon said as she walked away from the threesome's table.
Joel watched with envy as the waitress handed his nearly naked wife a drink. Shannon Proceeded to the tables in the very back of the club farthest from the main stage with a devious grin. Joel wanted to pull his cock out so badly as he watched his wife lean over and whisper into the ear of a guy at a distant table.
Shannon was pulsing with sexual energy. Being the object of all these men's desires was an intoxicating feeling, almost like the high of cocaine. She chose the tables at the farthest recesses of the club to tease her husband. She knew the farther away she was, the hornier it would make him. Her pussy was already sopping with wetness after dancing for Troy. She almost considered telling them she wanted to make it an early night and immediately head to the motel. She changed her mind instantly, though, when she noticed her husband raptly watching her as she danced for Troy. His looks of affection and love steeled her resolve to make this a night both of them would remember forever.
"Would you like a dance?" Shannon asked an older guy sitting at the far back table.
"Please," the polite older gentlemen said as he pulled out a twenty.
Shannon shook her gigantic tits in front of the drooling man. His eyes fucked every inch of her body as she gyrated in front of him to the beating music. She let her hard nipples teasingly brush against his lips.
"You're so beautiful," the man commented as Shannon bent over in front of him. The string of her tiny thong slid up between her pussy lips.
"Ungh, so sexy," he breathed. Shannon continued slowly gyrating her ass on his leg as the song reached its conclusion.
With lust filled eyes the older gentleman slid the twenty next to Troy's one hundred in Shannon's g-string.
"Thanks, baby," Shannon whispered as she moved onto the following table.
Joel and Troy made small talk and drank for the next hour as Shannon worked her way from table to table, dancing, whispering, teasing. Joel watched every move his wife made and was in awe of the number of bills stuffed into the strap of her g-string. Eventually, she made her way back to the table next to Joel's and Troy's.
"Would you like a dance baby?" Shannon asked a thirty something single guy sitting alone.
"please," the guy quickly answered as he pulled a twenty out of his wallet.
Shannon smiled mischievously at Joel who was only feet away. She knew her stag husband loved this as much as she did. Shannon was excited to dance in such close proximity to her husband and immediately straddled her customers thigh.
"Do you like this?" Shannon whispered into the man's ear as she locked her hands around his neck and gyrated her crotch over his thigh.
"Yes, you're so hot," the man groaned as the stripper teased him.
Shannon leaned forward and rested her voluptuous chest on the mans face and slowly bounced her chest up and down. Shannon glanced over her shoulder and smiled at her husband who was watching her every move with intense pleasure. With a devilish grin Shannon bent over even farther giving him a view of what she knew was a cum soaked g-string. Dancing for the men in the club had stoked the fires of passion in Shannon's pussy. With every table dance she completed her pussy became even wetter. The hotwife stripper turned around and faced her stag husband. She squeezed her customers legs together and lowered herself onto his crotch.
"I love you," Joel mouthed to his wife as she leaned back onto her customers chest and continued her sultry lapdance.
Shannon reached behind and placed her right hand on the back of her customers head. With her left hand she massaged her tit. She spread her legs wide and gyrated passionately on the lucky guy. Joel's mouth fell open when he noticed the waterfall of moisture spilling out of his wife's pussy. Her teal G-string looked like it had been dunked in water and her crotch area was glistening with wetness.
"Thanks baby," Shannon purred, holding the strap of her g-string so the guy could place his tip.
Shannon eased up behind her husband and quietly whispered in his ear.
"I'm going to dance for those last few tables over there, and then I'm ready to go and have some fun with Troy. Is that ok?" Shannon asked her husband.
"Sure, baby, I have to finish this drink anyway. Take your time. I love watching you,"
"Thanks baby, I'll be back in a bit," Shannon winked at Troy. "You'll be taking care of me in a second big boy," Shannon teased as she walked away.
Shannon walked into the dressing room and used the restroom. She wiped and dried her completely soaked pussy and readjusted her thong before making her way to the mirror.
"You're doing amazing out there! What other clubs have you worked at?" The young college coed she'd seen on stage first asked her.
"This is my first time," Shannon chuckled.
"Really? You seem like you've been dancing for years," the coed said with admiration.
"Naw, I'm just a bit older than you, so I have years of experience teasing horny men," Shannon chucked. "I think I drank a touch too much though. I'm getting a bit tired, ugh."
"No worries, I have just what you need." The coed pulled out a small baggy filled with a white substance. She tapped a pile out on the vanity and then cut it into a thin line. Shannon watched as the coed rolled a twenty into a straw, leaned down, and snorted the coke in one quick, fluid motion.
"Mmm, this will keep me going strong," she bubbled. If you want, I'll sell you a gram and a half for one hundred."
Shannon pondered her options and quietly thought to herself for a second. "She'd probably drunk a touch too much tonight... If she was going to fuck Troy, she'd need a jolt of energy...It'd been years since she'd done any hard drugs...One more time wouldn't kill her!" Within seconds she'd made her decision.
"I'll take it," Shannon smiled, pulling Troy's hundred out of her g-string.
The coed handed over a small baggy which Shannon immediately opened and tapped against the vanity. She made a thin line, rolled a twenty, and snorted the white powder up her nose. Colors immediately burst forth. Everything in the room seemed more precise, and a renewed energy crashed through her body like a freight train.
"Mmm, that's nice," Shannon giggled to her new friend. "Thanks!"
"Anytime, if you need more, come find me."
"I will, but first, I have some guys to take care of," Shannon giddily replied.
The waitress entered the dressing room and smiled at the two amateur dancers with a knowing glance.
"Honey, If I give you a twenty will you go grab my skirt and top from my husband?" Shannon asked the waitress sweetly.
Ten minutes later, Shannon emerged from the dressing wearing her original ensemble. Men begged her to come over as she quickly walked back to her lovers. The cocaine pulsing through her body filled her with energy. She felt the heat radiating from her skin. The coke magnified the lights and music one hundred times their usual levels.
"You guys ready to take this party somewhere more private?" Shannon purred while squeezing the shoulders of the two men seated between her.
Shannon's dilated eyes watched both men instantly stand up.
"The hotels only a couple miles down the road. We can be there in ten minutes," Troy instantly replied.
"Mmm, you ok to drive? Or should we get a cab?" Shannon asked.
"We aren't waiting for a fucking cab. I'm fine," Troy assured them.
Troy jumped into the driver's seat as Shannon dragged Joel into the back. She immediately pulled her husband into a passionate kiss and flicked her tongue in and out of his mouth. The line of coke she'd snorted was like tossing napalm onto an already burning inferno of sexual desire. Shannon spread her legs wide open in the back seat, exposing her dripping pussy. As her skirt rose to the top of her thighs, a tiny teal wedge revealed itself. Joel scrutinized the micro thong utterly soaked in pussy juice camel toeing between her pussy lips.
"This is Beautiful," Joel panted as he ran his fingers over the drenched thong.
"How did I do, baby? Did you like what you saw tonight?" Shannon breathed seductively into Joel's ear. She flicked her tongue over his earlobes and grabbed his package firmly in her tiny hand.
Joel groaned loudly. His balls were sore, swollen, and in need of release from hours of being hard.
"You were so fucking hot, Shannon! When the DJ announced you as slutty Shannon, I lost my shit! That was so fucking dirty," Joel moaned.
"I knew you would love that. I did it just for you, baby," Shannon purred.
She climbed on top of Joel and straddled him. Troy watched in the rearview mirror as the slutty hotwife mounted her husband. He began to cross the center line and immediately forced himself to concentrate on the road and not the whore.
"I loved it! It felt so good dancing for all those men! All those eyes were watching my every move. I felt so powerful showing off my body," Shannon reached between her legs and pulled her thong to the side. With a loud moan she slowly began dry humping the bulge in the front of her husband's pants.
"I felt so slutty," Shannon groaned as she ground her pussy onto Joel.
"You looked so slutty," Joel breathed heavily.
"I was a slut, Joel, I'm such a slut," I'm such a slut," Shannon whispered with each forward thrust of her hips.
"Yes, you are, baby. You're my slut," Joel panted. His balls painfully ached! His loins yearned and cried out to release the cum churning in his ball sack. Each forward thrust of his wife's pussy onto his crotch was a symphony of pain and pleasure.
Forward thrust!
"I'm a slut!"
Forward thrust.
I'm a slut!"
Hard forward thrust.
"Omg, I love being a slut! I love being a slut, Joel!" Shannon moaned loudly in the backseat as Troy pulled into the motel parking lot.
Troy slammed the rental truck into park. He jumped out of the cab and opened the rear door.
"Look at me slut! For the rest of the night, you're going to be my dirty whore. Get out of that truck! Troy commanded forcefully.
"Oh, I'm so going to be a whore tonight," Shannon breathed heavily. As she thrust her hips forcefully forward one last time.
"Not just tonight, Shannon. You're a slut. It's what you want to be. It's what I want you to be. It's what's in your DNA. A slutty hotwife is who you are. Go show Troy what a real slut and whore can do," Joel urged his wife.
Shannon slid out of the car and immediately pulled Troy into an embrace. She wrapped her arms around the tall stud's neck and pulled his mouth down to hers. Troy picked Shannon up, and she quickly wrapped her legs around his waist. He pinned her against the side of the truck and ground his crotch into hers.
"I've been thinking about this for weeks," Shannon growled into Troy's ear. "Don't go easy on me, fuck me like the slut I am!"
"What's your room number, Troy?" Joel asked the alpha male who had his wife pinned against the truck.
"106, but first kiss your wife and tell her to give herself completely to me," Troy said forcefully to Joel.
Joel smiled deviously and immediately pulled his wife's face to his as Troy held her up against the side of the truck.
His tongue flicked in and out of Shannon's mouth in a passionate thirty-second kiss.
Joel pulled away and looked his wife deeply in the eyes. "I love you so much. I want you to give yourself completely to Troy tonight. I want you to be his whore because you're my whore. Is this something you can do?" Joel asked his wife.
"Of course I can...Because I'm a slut, Joel," Shannon said with glazed over, passion filled eyes.
"Please Take me to the room and fuck me right now, Troy!" Shannon commanded her bull.
"God, I wish my wife was like you, Shannon," Troy growled as he picked Shannon up and threw her over his shoulder.
"Omg," Shannon giggled.
Her leather skirt quickly rose to her belly, completely exposing her ass as she hung over Troy's shoulder.
"Pull her fucking g-string off Joel! She doesn't need it anymore," Troy said forcefully as a black Honda Civic pulled into the motel lot and parked across the lot from the threesome.
"No, she fucking doesn't," Joel replied instantly.
Troy made sure to face Shannon's ass towards the couple emerging from the parked Honda. Joel grabbed the teal micro thong's straps and pulled them down to her ankles and six-inch heels. The teal thong hung from her heels whorishly as Troy carried Shannon off to the motel room. Joel glanced over his shoulder, watching the open-mouthed couple stare as they entered the motel room.
Troy carried Shannon into the room and tossed her onto the bed.
"Get on your hands and knees, baby! You were so fucking hot crawling over the stage like that. It was one of the hottest things I've ever witnessed. I want to relive that for a few minutes," Troy said with admiration.
"Mmm, thank you, I could tell how much you liked it when I noticed the gigantic bulge in your pants," Shannon teased. She fell back into her stripping routine and crawled forward and back across the king-sized motel bed.
Joel tossed Shannon's clutch purse on the bedroom desk. It burst open, spilling a massive pile of bills along with a small baggy of white powder across the desk.
"Look how much money this slut made tonight...And what's this?" Joel chuckled while holding up the small baggy of coke.
"Sluts do lines to make more money," Shannon instantly responded to her snickering husband. "I'm a slut, so if I need a line, I'll do one."
"Yes, you will, and I can see that you did," Joel said with admiration as he tossed the baggy back on the desk.
Troy pulled out the chair from the desk and casually reclined.
"I want you to strip and give me a real lap dance Shannon. Not one of the lame "shake your ass" in front of my chair lapdances. Show your husband how you'd give a guy a private room dance in the VIP."
"I'd love to," Shannon purred.
She crawled off the bed and stalked over to Troy like a predator. Joel found a music channel on the television and started the music.
"It's fifty bucks a song, baby," Shannon said as she gyrated in front of Troy's chair.
"Done," Troy answered immediately. He pulled a wad of twenties and fifties from his pocket and held them up. "This should take care of it," Troy growled.
"Yes, it will," Shannon smiled.
She straddled Troy's right leg and locked her hands around the back of his neck. Joel happily watched as his wife ground seductively on Troy's leg to the beat of the music. He pulled his pants off and began slowly massaging his raging hard-on. Jacking off to his wife is what he wanted to do at Deja-vu, but he could not. Shannon spun around and spread Troy's legs wide. She smiled when she saw Joel with his pants already off.
"Mmm, I love that baby. Keep stroking that cock for me," Shannon purred at her husband.
Shannon slowly unzipped her leather skirt and let it fall to the ground. She stepped out of it and kicked it at her husband across the room. She placed Troy's hands on his thighs before lowering herself reverse cowgirl onto his crotch.
"Fuck yes," Troy groaned as his dream Hotwife gyrated on him. He lightly placed his hands on her hips, but she quickly swatted them away.
"No touching," Shannon giggled.
Shannon ground her crotch into Troys while she carefully removed her cami top. Once again, she tossed it at her husband, who was slowly stroking his rigid member. She couldn't believe how red and swollen he was.
"Have you been hard all night baby?" Shannon asked from across the room.
"Yes, I've never been this fucking blue balled," Joel groaned loudly. "You look so fucking sexy right now baby, keep going!"
Shannon was now completely naked except for her cupless corset as she Continued to grind on Troy.
"His cock must be massive," Shannon thought to herself as his massive bulge rubbed against her dripping snatch.
"Unbutton my corset, Troy," Shannon breathed heavily. "I want to be completely naked in front of you."
Troy slowly unbuttoned the corset and let it fall to the floor. Shannon spun around and let her huge 34DD breasts skim across Troy's face.
Troy took two fifties from his stack and put them in his mouth. Shannon knew precisely what Troy wanted. She quickly pressed her huge breasts against his face. One of her hard Nipples pricked his eye as she used her hands to squeeze the two tits together. Shannon pushed her huge chest into Troy's face and slowly removed the bills from his mouth. With a sultry smile she continued to Gyrate with the cash wedged between her tan mountains.
Shannon slowly walked over to the desk, letting the two fifties fall from her tits onto the stack of other bills she had earned. She crawled back onto the bed and looked Troy directly in the eyes.
"Stand up and pull your cock out," Shannon purred. "I could see it in your eyes when you were standing next to the stage watching me. You were wishing I was your wife. You wished you were with me instead of your lame, boring wife," Shannon said matter of factly.
Troy slowly stood up and unzipped his pants. "Oh, you're a naughty whore aren't you," Troy said quietly.
"Pull that cock out and show me what you'd do to me every night if I were married to you. Maybe if your good enough, I'll consider leaving my husband for you!" Shannon taunted Troy.
"Did you hear that Joel, I'm going to give Troy a chance to take me from you? Do you think he can?" Shannon whispered.
Joel stroked his cock slowly. Precum dripped out and ran down the side of his swollen six-inch shaft. "Oh baby, I do want him to try," Joel groaned.
"Did you hear that, Troy...He wants you to try! Do you want to make me your slut wife? You can leave your boring wife behind and live your true self with me. Is that what you want, baby?" Shannon teased.
Shannon knew that flipping the script on Troy's alpha male bravado was what Troy needed to make this fuck personal. She needed to separate herself from all the other wives Troy had dominated over the years. Shannon instantly knew when she witnessed his leering eyes staring as she danced that Troy wanted to make her his wife. She was going to use that dark desire to make Troy give the performance of his life.
"You would do that?" Troy whispered. "You'd leave Joel for me?"
Shannon crawled forward to the end of the bed. She licked her lips slowly and looked Troy directly in the eyes. "Is that what you want, Troy? Do you want me as your wife?" Shannon purred.
"I do," Troy moaned. I want you.
"Then prove it," Shannon cried out.
Shannon saw the switch flip in Troy's eyes. The alpha male persona had reasserted itself. Wolffish eyes leered at her, and she knew she was going to be dominated and ravaged. Her pussy instantly lubricated itself. Wetness ran down her inner thighs as she displayed herself doggy style on the bed. Shannon's DNA and genes knew on a cellular level to prepare for breeding by a superior male specimen.
Joel watched his wife's performance in awe. She had deliberately brought out the alpha part of the alpha male. That primal look he'd seen in Troy earlier at the bar was fully back. Joel watched in astonishment as Troy's pants crashed to the floor. His massive cock flopped forward violently, inches from his wife's face. The long barrel was thick and veiny. Shannon licked her lips, viewing the silky precum glistening from the large slit on the bulbous head. Troy pulled his shirt over his head with a predator's gaze and began to slowly stroke his cock in front of Shannon.
"You'll be mine by tomorrow morning, Shannon," Troy calmly added as he stroked his large hands up and down his shaft.
Troy's matter-of-fact tone sent shivers cascading through Shannon's body.
"She'd done it. She'd fully awakened Troy's alpha DNA," she thought proudly.
Shannon's body instantly reacted and prepared for the coupling. Lubrication gushed out of her pussy and down her inner thighs. Endorphins pumped furiously throughout her body. Her pupils dilated, focusing entirely on Troy. She completely forgot her husband was in the room with them. Every cell and fiber of her soul began preparing for the alpha male standing in front of her. Shannon crawled forward and sat on the edge of the bed. She firmly grabbed Troy's swollen cock with her tiny hands. Troy's eight-inch circumference barely allowed her palm to circle the thick veiny shaft. Shannon stared dauntingly at ten hard inches beautifully swaying in front of her face.
"Mmm," Shannon moaned as she flicked her tongue out over the tip of Troy's cock.
Troy's precum lubricated her lips as her tongue danced around his cum slit. Troy grabbed the back of Shannon's head and pulled her head forward.
"Put it in your mouth,"
Shannon opened her mouth as wide as she could and slowly slid the giant member into her warm mouth.
"Use your hands also," Troy commanded.
Shannon used both of her tiny hands and stroked up and down the ten-inch shaft. As she stroked, the hotwife sucked the giant cock head in and out of her mouth.
"Fuck yes, just like that," Troy groaned as Shannon slurped up and down his cock loudly.
Shannon looked up and stared into Troy's beautiful eyes as she cupped and massaged his balls with one hand and jacked him off the with the other. She licked and flicked her tongue over the rippling muscles of Troy's abs. Troy's completely shaved body felt like it was chiseled from granite as she roved her tiny hands over him.
"Your body is beautiful! So hard and firm, so manly," Shannon said in reverance as she lowered her mouth to Troy's ball sack. She flicked her tongue over every manly inch, making sure to lick down to the taint between his asshole and the base of his sack. She continued to slowly pump the long thick veiny shaft as she sucked one huge ball into her mouth.
"God, yes, worship my balls! Feel all the cum filling them up," Troy groaned.
Shannon wanted to take all of Troy into her mouth, but it was impossible because of how thick he was. Her mouth barely opened wide enough to accept him. Troy slowly started to thrust his hips forward. With every thrust, he drove his cock deeper into Shannon's throat. She got three-fourths of the long shaft inside her mouth before she started gagging.
"Ahh, Yes!" Troy panted.
Shannon's mouth sucking his cock felt better than any blowjob he ever received from his wife. Shannon grabbed his ass with both hands and began thrusting back and forth. She couldn't take the full ten inches, but she more than made up for it with the skill of her hands and tongue. Shannon sucked madly and with abandonment. The hotwife's pussy spasmed wantonly every time a drop of Troy's salty precum splashed on her lips.
Joel stood in the corner, beating off furiously as he watched his wife hoover the massive cock dangling off her bull. His hand and hard cock were slick with precum drizzling out of his cock slit.
Joel glanced over and noticed the blinds were open a couple of feet and that everyone in the room was visible to those in the parking lot. He didn't even care. If Shannon wanted them closed, she would say so. He continued to stroke madly as Troy pushed his wife onto her back.
"Spread your legs slut," Troy commanded.
"Fuck! Look...at...that...body," Troy said sweetly. "You're a fucking pornstar!"
Shannon laid on the bed. Her legs spread eagle whorishly. The slut hotwife's massive tits erupted from her sweat-covered chest. Hard quarter-inch pink nipples throbbed from the peaks. Her pussy was red and swollen ready to accept Troy's cock.
"This dripping cum is beautiful. You are a slut," Troy said as he lightly ran his fingers over the pussy juice running down her inner thighs.
"When you're my wife, you're going to be this wet every time we fuck. Dripping wet pussy is what my big cock does to sluts like you," Troy taunted.
Troy's hard magnificent body hovered over Shannon as he teased her. His abs rippled and glistened with every subtle movement. Troy leaned down and slowly began nibbling on Shannon's lips before kissing her deeply and passionately. Large manly hands ranged over her breasts and inner thighs as they made out. The bull's wet passionate kisses increased her sexual desire with every nibble. With slow, deliberate seduction, the alpha stud continued his romantic assault for over twenty minutes. Shannon whimpered loudly when the bull finally moved his kisses down to her neck and her breasts.
"Omg, this isn't fucking, this is making love," Shannon groaned out loud as his lips locked onto her hard nipple, flicking over it, causing it to become even more sensitive. Shannon touched her pussy lightly. Her fingers instantly came away wet and slick.
"Ungh, I'm dripping Troy!"
Troy slowly moved his mouth down to Shannon's tanned belly. He swirled his tongue around her belly button before moving slowly down centimeter by centimeter to the top of her thin landing strip. He pulled his head up and lightly blew on her clit.
"Fuuuck, you're such a tease," Shannon moaned.
"God damn, you're a sloppy mess down here, baby," Troy said before lowering his head.
Shannon moaned loudly as Troy's tongue licked long hard strokes from her pussy hole up to her clit.
"Yessss, just like that! That feels so good!"
The lubrication flowing out of Shannon's pussy covered Troy's tongue. The warm natural lube was an aphrodisiac he needed to share. He crawled up to Shannon's face and stuck his tongue out. Shannon pulled Troy's head forward and sucked his cum lubed tongue into her mouth. She made sure to loudly suck all her juices off his extended tongue before releasing him from her embrace.
Troy resumed his worship of Shannon's pussy, and for the next twenty minutes, his tongue delved every inch of her clit, and asshole.
"Stick your fingers in me," Shannon moaned in ecstasy.
Troy slid two thick fingers easily into the blonde bombshells snatch. He continued to lick her clit as his fingers massaged her swollen spongy g-spot throbbing inside her pussy.
Seeing Shannon buck relentlessly on Troy's fingers as he ate his wife out pushed Joel over the edge. His balls were blue and swollen and needed to release their hot cargo.
Joel jumped up and squatted next to his wife's chest on the bed. She didn't even notice or acknowledge he was there as he began to furiously stroke.
"Fuuuck, here it comes, Joel cried out!"
Shannon didn't even open her eyes as Joel sent three long ropes of cum shooting across her chest. The hot sticky mess rolled down the insides of her tits, pooling between the two gigantic heaving swells.
Troy's fingers and tongue worked furiously. Shannon could feel a massive orgasm unlike any she had ever felt erupting from deep inside her. Joel watched from the desk again as his wife began to buck her hips up and down rapidly.
"Cuummminnggg," Shannon screamed like a banshee as her insides released a titanic explosion. Joel watched in awe as Shannon's pussy squirted liquid across the bed like a sprinkler.
"Omg, he got her to fucking squirt," Joel thought to himself with awe. Joel's cum glistened over Shannon's chest, accentuating the epicness of the event.
Troy extracted his fingers from Shannon's dripping pussy and squatted down between her spread legs. Shannon expectantly watched Troy stroke his hard cock back and forth seductively, inches from her soaked box.
"I love when guys jack off for me," Shannon said contentedly.
"You ready for this big cock?" Troy breathed.
"Maybe, are you finally going to give me your big one," Shannon begged.
"Yes, I am. Now it's time for the real party!" Troy said confidently.
He slapped his massive cock onto Shannon's pussy repeatedly. The heavy meat made a loud slapping sound every time it contacted Shannon's fiery hot pussy.
Usually, as a stag, Joel participated in fucking his wife. Tonight, Joel was so impressed with Troy that he decided to sit back and watch the show. Shannon's stag husband sat in the desk chair and resumed stroking. He was completely satisfied watching his own personal porno movie. She was so into Troy she hadn't even noticed her husband draining his cum all over her chest.
He figured he would bust his nut on his wife every time he needed to cum, and that was just as hot.
"Tell me what you want, Shannon, say it loud," Troy said forcefully as his cock slapped her pussy.
"You know what I want! Give it to me," Shannon moaned.
"Say it," Troy ordered again.
"I want your big cock," Shannon said as she tried to grab the veiny monster with a tiny hand.
Troy swatted her hand away. "Where do you want it?" Troy teased.
"I want it deep in my slutty pussy Troy! Deep in me!"
"Why do you want it? Yell it out, so everyone hears you,"
"I want it because I'm a slut who needs a big cock stretching me out!" Shannon wailed.
"Louder, say it fucking louder,"
"I'm a big cock loving slut! I'm a big cock whore!" Shannon screamed at the top of her lungs.
"Fucking hell, here comes your big cock sexy,"
Troy tossed a box of magnum XL condoms to Shannon.
"Put one on me... if it fits," Troy said matter of factly.
Shannon ripped open the cellophane and slowly rolled the condom over Troy's shaft.
"Omg, even a magnum XL is too small for him," she thought to herself.
Shannon chuckled when she finished applying the latex. The latex barely covered the pulsing monster cock swaying in front of her.
"It's too small, but it will have to do," Shannon giggled.
Troy crawled closer to Shannon. He hovered the bulbous head of his ten-inch manhood at the entrance to Shannon's box. Shannon squirmed on the bed as Troy rubbed his mushroom head between her gushing slit. With a grin, Troy carefully laid his cock upon Shannon's sweaty belly.
"This is what's going to be inside you," Troy warned.
The mushroom head tip rested heavily on Shannon's belly button and the base of his balls hung in front of her snatch.
"Look at this! Do you see how deep my cock is going to be in you?"
"Yes, and I've never wanted a dick inside me more," Shannon moaned as she rubbed the massive cock splayed across her stomach.
Troy pulled Shannon's ass to the edge of the bed and spread her legs wide.
"This is a cock that only a slut wife deserves," Troy told the blonde as he pushed his pulsing mushroom head against her pussy hole.
"Ahhhhh," Shannon screamed as Troy's monster slowly forced its way into her. Her tiny pussy clenched as it tried to accept the widest cock it had ever come in contact with.
"I always start slow with my sluts," Troy teased. He used short one-inch strokes, his mushroom head just barely inside Shannon's box.
"Ahhh," Shannon panted heavily as her pussy slowly began to dilate wider in acceptance of the alpha male cock. "It's so thick. It feels like I'm ripping in two."
"Give it time, once it stretches your pussy apart. The pain will go away."
Joel jackhammered his cock as he watched Troy's cock spreading his wife's pussy wide open. He stared in awe at the hardcore porn happening in front of him. Troy's anaconda looked like a Coke can burrowing into his wife's dripping snatch.
"Yes, yes, deeper," Shannon moaned loudly as the initial pain of being split open transformed into pleasure. Her pussy stretched and expanded, accepting more and more of the monster every second. Pleasure exploded throughout her insides with every additional inserted inch. She'd never felt so full and alive. Every part of her pussy throbbed with immeasurable pleasure.
"Fuck, her pussy is tight," Troy inwardly thought. "Going to have to take this real slow until the slut loosens up." Shannon's pussy felt like a vice grip on his cock. Every time her pussy dilated and accepted more of his cock he felt pure ecstasy. Her pussy muscles squeezed and released, squeezed and released as they fought to stretch farther open. "Take it slow, Troy," he kept reminding himself. "When the whore is fully dilated and begging for more, you can unleash your fury."
"More, deeper, push it in," Shannon panted.
With each small stroke, Troy impaled himself deeper inside the hotwife slut. His cock was now halfway in. With a smile, he switched to longer strokes. Pulling himself all the way out until his mushroom head clogged the entrance to her pussy and reminded him to thrust back in again.
"Deeper Troy, deeper, she's ready for it all," Shannon grunted with pleasure.
Troy could tell Shannon no longer felt any pain from his massive cock splitting her wide open. He resumed his long slow thrusts until finally Shannon's pussy fully accepted his alpha male fuck stick.
"Gawd," How does your wife not want to feel this cock in her every night! It's so fucking biiiigggg. I fucking love it," Shannon cried out.
Joel relaxed in the shadows and watched as Troy began rhythmically pumping his wife's gaping pussy. His thrusts became faster and more vigorous every minute. Shannon's huge tits flew back and forth as Troy started to assert his dominance over her.
"Fuck, your cock feels so good," Shannon moaned as she grabbed her legs with her hands and lifted them higher. "Go deeper, Troy. I want every inch in me!"
"Put your legs over my shoulders slut, and we'll see if you take it all."
Troy now had full access to Jackhammer himself deeply into Shannon.
"Ung, Ung, Ung, Ung," Shannon grunted every time Troy bottomed himself out in her pussy.
White cream oozed out of Shannon's gaping pussy hole and ran down the sides of Troy's shaft as he pumped.
"Fuck! It feels like you passed my cervix! This cock is amazing," Shannon yelled through breathless grunts.
"Shit, I've never fucked a wife this insatiable before," Troy thought as he glanced out the window.
Troy noticed a pair of couples chatting in the parking lot across from their room. With a devious smile, he decided to see how slutty Shannon was. He slowly withdrew his cock from her messy pussy inch by inch. When his bulbous mushroom head emerged from Shannon's tight box, it made an audible popping sound.
"Pop."
"Fuck, your pussy is so tight it popped when I pulled out," Troy groaned.
He pulled Shannon off the bed and led her to the window. He slid a chair over and placed it behind the curtain.
"Put your leg on the chair and bend over."
Shannon immediately complied, placing one hand onto the wall and the other onto the dangling curtain. Shannon stood bent over behind the curtain. Clear Open window was only inches to her left. If she moved even slightly, she would be completely visible. Troy paced back and forth in front of the open window, his big cock in his hand. The two couples across the lot didn't notice him at all.
Satisfied with his plan, he slid behind Shannon and admired his view. The slut's pussy lips dangled down enticingly. White pussy cum covered her visibly swollen mound. Her recently stuffed pussy gaped open widely from the monster cock fucking her.
"You like the view?" Shannon teased. "Does your wife bend over like this for you?" Shannon reached between her legs with her left hand and spread her dangling pussy lips apart.
"Fuck me, Troy, fill my pussy with that glorious cock."
Troy placed his cock at the entrance to Shannon's pussy and slowly invaded her. Troy immediately began pounding with vigor. His hands gripped her hips and held her tight as he forcefully fucked her with long deep strokes.
"Ahhh, Ahhh, Ahhh," Shannon moaned as Troy's big balls smacked against her with each forward thrust.
"You like big cock?"
Slap, Slap, Slap, Slap.
"I love it," Shannon groaned out.
"They can't hear you," Troy said as he hammered.
"Who can't hear me?"
"Those couples in the parking lot chatting. Let them hear how a real slut fucks," Troy ordered.
Troy continued to fuck Shannon with a fury. With every hard thrust, Troy buried his thick alpha cock to the hilt. With every thrust, Shannon's groaning became louder. Thrust after magnificent thrust floated her inhibitions farther away.
"Gawd, I love big cock," Shannon called out.
"Louder!"
"I love your big fucking cock!" Shannon screamed.
"Tell them what you are."
"I'm a slut...Unn, I'm a fucking slut," Shannon bellowed.
"That's right, keep it going and prove how much of a slut you are."
Joel watched his wife completely lose herself from Troy's direction. Her massive tits slapped back and forth in concerted rhythm with Troys deep thrusts. White cream completely obscured the condom covering the long veiny shaft. He masturbated furiously to the extraordinary coupling happing in front of him.
Christine and her friend Julie were chatting with their husbands after a night out drinking across the parking lot.
"Well guys, I think we're going to call it a night," Christine told her friends.
"I'm a slut...I'm a fucking slut," drifted lightly across the air.
"You guys hear that?" Christine said quizzically.
"I love your big dick...fuuuckk me," drifted across the parking lot even louder.
"Omg, someone's getting fucking railed right now!" Christine's husband chucked.
"Where's it coming from?" Julie asked excitedly.
"Your big cock is so much bigger than my husband's," drifted clearly across the lot.
"Look, over there, room 106, they're behind the curtains," Julie's husband pointed out.
"Where?" Julie asked again giddily.
"106, you can see the curtain moving back and forth," her husband added.
"I'm a slut who loves your big cock! Fuck me harder, Troy!" The hotwife squeeled out from behind the moving curtains.
"Omg, their curtains aren't even closed completely," Christine said in an amazed voice.
"Our room is 120. We have to walk right by 106. You guys want to take a drive-by with us?" Julie asked.
"Definitely, but don't be obvious. Spying on them is crazy," Christine snickered.
"I'm a sluuuttt," floated across the parking lot to the giddy amazement of the couples.
Troy was able to watch the reaction of the couples from his position behind Shannon. He watched with amusement as confusion, then the realization of what they were hearing dawned on them. Shannon's tight pussy gripped and pulsed tightly from his every thrust. As he pummeled Joel's wife, he devised a brilliant idea on how to make her cum for the second time.
"Omg, you're fucking me so hard," Shannon cried out, just like he'd been encouraging her.
Troy knew now she didn't need any more encouragement. Being heard was getting Shannon off. Shannon truly was an exhibitionist slut. The couples pointed and stared as they looked for the source of the loud fucking. Troy continued fucking Shannon from behind as Shannon broadcast louder and nastier comments. He was waiting for the couples to approach the room. When they were twenty feet from the window of their room, Troy made his move. He stopped his thrusts for a second and grabbed the chair Shannon's leg was propped on, quickly tossing it across the room. The bull pulled Shannon's arms behind her and held them with his right hand. With his left, he threw open the blinds and pushed Shannon against the clear glass.
Shannon was stunned when the blinds were thrown open, and the glass smashed against her giant tits.
"Omg, people are out there," Shannon loudly moaned as her pussy was hammered from behind. "I didn't realize they were that close Shannon groaned loudly. She could feel her pussy approaching climax once again from her Blatant whorish display. She placed her hands against the window, bracing herself from the jackhammer ravishingly her pussy behind her.
"Tell them What's happening," Troy commanded.
"Ung, Ung, Ung, I'm getting fucked by a huge cock, and I love it!" Shannon screamed out loudly through the window.
The couples stared in wide-eyed amazement as the huge tittied blonde goddess in the window was openly fucked.
The looks of the couples staring sent Shannon over the edge for the second time. Her orgasm exploded through her like a category five tornado.
"Ahhhhhhhh, I'm coming so hard on your gigantic cock Troy!" Shannon bellowed out.
Troy continued to slowly pump as Shannon's body shuddered from her gigantic orgasm. The second the last wave crashed through the horny hotwife, Troy pulled her away from the window and roughly closed the curtains.
"Holyshit, no one is going to believe us when we tell this story," Christine said in dumbfounded awe.
Shannon collapsed onto the bed, exhilarated at the intensity of her second orgasm. Troy was turning out to be even better than what his previous AFF conquest testimonials said.
"Omg, I've cum twice, and Troy doesn't even look like he's close to cumming yet," Shannon thought to herself.
Joel walked over to the edge of the bed and whispered in his wife's ear. "How are you doing?"
Shannon smiled with contentment and pulled Joel in for a passionate kiss.
"He's amazing, baby," Shannon whispered. She began to nibble on his ear as she massaged her clit.
Troy stood at the bottom of the bed, stroking his long veiny cock in the intermission between rounds two and three.
As Shannon nibbled on Joel's earlobe, she subtlety whispered into her husband's ear.
"Don't worry about what I say next. You're forever the one love of my life. Always remember that," Shannon whispered ever so quietly that Troy never noticed.
Joel didn't even acknowledge Shannon's statement as he moved down to her hard nipple and sucked lightly.
"Is your bull fucking you good?" Joel asked just loud enough for Troy to hear.
"Omg, Joel. I love his big cock! It feels so amazing when it's deep in me," Shannon panted as she rubbed her clit faster.
"Do you want him to fuck you again?"
"Unn, Unnn, Unnn...Yes, I want to fuck him again," Shannon begged. "I might want him to leave his wife for me," Shannon said quieter but just loud enough for Troy to hear.
She wanted him to think that he wasn't supposed to hear the last statement. She planned to convince Troy it was something intimate between herself and her husband. Joel immediately knew what she had in mind and played along.
He replied quietly but just loud enough for Troy to hear. "You'd leave me for him?"
"Unn, yes, I might."
Troy replaced the magnum XL condom on his hard cock as he pretended not to listen to the intimate conversation happening on the bed. Hearing Shannon say that leaving Joel for him was a possibility sent alpha hormones raging through his system. He'd never wanted anything more in his life. Troy loved his wife, but she couldn't complete him. He knew the slut on the bed could complete him. Knowing now that having Shannon was possible sent his alpha male DNA into overdrive. He was going to assert himself and claim the prized slut wife splayed on the bed before the night was over. He would deal with the fallout of his marriage later.
Troy rolled onto Shannon's bed and began masturbating next to her as Joel kissed his wife's neck. Shannon turned her head and stared at Troy's magnificent cock that was standing straight up just over ten inches above him. She reached over and placed her hand on top of his as he slowly pumped up and down.
"Make him fuck you raw," Joel breathed lightly into his wife's ear as he rolled off the bed.
"What do you think of this cock?" Troy asked Shannon as they stroked together.
"I adore this cock."
Shannon leaned over, pulled the magnum XL off, and slowly licked up and down the ten-inch shaft.
"It's beautiful," she breathed between licks. She licked from Troy's balls up to the tip of his huge mushroom head. "I want your cum so bad."
"Mmmm, that feels amazing," Troy moaned.
"I love how it hasn't gone soft all night," Shannon purred as she stroked and licked.
"Your slutty ass makes it that way," Troy answered.
"I think it's time for me to sit on it. I want to feel every inch of you in me!" Shannon murmured. "Joel, toss a magnum over, please," Shannon commanded her husband.
Shannon took the large size condom that landed between Troy's legs. Then with a lustful look, quickly ripped the cellophane and rolled it onto the thick swollen flagpole.
"So big," she groaned, crawling on top of her bull. Shannon sighed contentedly, reached behind and between her legs, and guided the enormous pole into her wet, wanting pussy.
Joel watched Shannon slowly lower herself onto the gigantic shaft. He could tell she was struggling to fit it in. the massive mushroom head was jammed up at her pussy entrance forcing her pussy to open wide.
"Plop!" Her pussy snapped loudly as the mushroom head entered her with a jerk.
"Unn, fuck, it's so big!"
"You're so tight. I fucking love it," Troy gasped.
Shannon leaned forward and pulled Troy into a deep kiss as she thrust her hips forward and backward with increasing speed and fury. Troy grabbed Shannon's ass and spread her cheeks apart, giving his thick cock even deeper access to her pussy.
"So thick, so deep, Unn, Unn, Unn, Ahhh," Shannon howled.
Troy pushed Shannon's chest straight up so he could watch her colossal tits bounce up and down. They slapped loudly with each up and down thrust. Sweat poured down between her tits like rain down a window as it mixed with the remnants of Joel's previous cum shot.
Troy pulled Shannon down on him and began thrusting his crotch up forcefully under her.
"Ahhh, Ahhh, Ahhh, Ahhh," Shannon wailed with each deep, powerful thrust.
Troy's balls slapped furiously against Shannon's ass from the frenzied thrusts.
Troy pulled Shannon's body back down tight to his. The bull and the Hotwife's faces were cheeks to cheek as they coupled. His firm hands spread her ass cheeks apart once again as he thrust his cock deep to the hilt with every forward thrust.
"Unn, Unn, Unn, Unn," the sound of bodies slapping together echoed throughout the motel room.
Joel stood at the end of the bed and beat off furiously, watching the lovers fucking. He felt a second orgasm gurgling in his balls and knew it would soon be time to release it.
"Do you like this big cock in you?" Troy whispered into Shannon's ear.
"Ahh, Ahh, I love your big cock," Shannon barely whispered.
Slap, Slap, Slap, Slap.
"Will you leave your husband for it?" Troy asked with a hard deep thrust.
Slap, Slap, Slap, Slap.
"Unn, Unn, I don't know, make me want to," Shannon purred quietly into Troy's cheek.
"You're going to get fucked and filled like this every day," Troy whispered without slowing his upward thrusts.
Shannon inwardly smiled when Troy asked her to leave Joel. She knew she now had him and that she would get the performance of his life out of him. She grinned deviously and braced herself for the hurricane that was going to quickly come.
Joel edged even closer to the bed in an attempt to hear what the whispering lovers were saying. He knew what his wife's game was and trusted her completely, but nervous bile still crashed through his stomach.
"I love your cock Troy," Shannon moaned loudly.
"Tell your husband how much better it is than his," Troy whispered.
"Ahh, Unn, Ahhh, it's so much bigger and better than my husbands," Shannon wailed.
"Tell him how much you want it."
"Joel, I want his cock every day. I love it so much! He's fucking me so good," Shannon whimpered.
"Again!"
"Joel, it fills me up completely. I've never felt so stretched open! More Troy, give me more of that fucking enormous cock! Ahhh!"
"Tell him you want to be with me now," Troy panted quietly into Shannon's cheek.
"If he keeps this up, I might go home with him, Joel. Ahhhh, Fuuuccck Meeee!"
Troy pounded Away in a continuous breakneck rhythm. He held nothing back in his attempt to assert his alpha male DNA and win Shannon away from Joel.
Joel watched his wife getting absolutely ravaged on the king-size bed. Troy's colossal prick was relentless in its deep hard thrusting. It split Shannon's pussy wide in what Joel knew was pure ecstatic pleasure. Sloppy splashing sounds were now joining the loud slapping sounds. Joel stroked frantically to the liquid pouring out of Shannon's pussy. White sticky pussy lubrication covered Troy's long rod, running messily down the insides of both of their legs.
Joel couldn't hold out anymore. The sight in front of him was one of the most majestic he'd ever witnessed. He hopped onto the bed, hovered over his wife's bucking backside, and sent another long rope onto her ass. His second burst squirted out and sent the remaining few droplets of cum cascading down onto shannon. The fucking couple didn't slow down at all as Joel's cum ran down between Shannon's ass checks and onto her pussy. where it intermingled with Troy's bucking cock and the river of lubrication slopping about already.
"It's so fucking big! I can feel you in every inch of my pussy," Shannon shrieked.
"Take my pussy Troy, take it, Ahh, Ahh, Ahhhhhhhh!"
"Whose slut are you going to be?" Troy challenged Shannon.
Slap, Wet Slop, Slap, Wet Slop.
"I'm your slut!"
"Who's?"
"I'm your fucking slut, Troy! Gawd! You're fucking railing me!"
"Not Joel's?"
"No, I'm your fucking whore! Fuuuck!" Shannon shouted at the top of her lungs.
Joel sat back in his chair and resumed stroking. He'd already cum twice without Shannon touching his cock, and he was delighted with that. The substantial wet spot puddling on the bed under the ferociously fucking couple was growing in size minute by minute. Joel had never seen such stamina from a bull. Most men could only keep up this incredible pace for thirty seconds to a minute. Troy was already at almost ten minutes!
"You're so fucking tight and wet! I need to feel this every day for the rest of my life." Troy panted. He didn't know how much longer he could hold out. He'd never fucked this hard for this long before. No woman had ever taken his donkey cock this hard without a break.
"Unn, Unn, Unn, Unn," The hotwife whore grunted with every thrust, her sloppy pussy sucking in his cock and squeezing it like a vice grip.
Troy could feel the pressure building in his balls. He knew a massive explosion was near and imminent. The bull could feel the cum rising into his long shaft. He fought to keep it down. He wanted to baptize Shannon in his cum, not fill up his condom.
"Rollover," Troy commanded Shannon as he lifted her off him.
"Lay on the end of the bed in front of your husband."
Shannon quickly laid across the end of the bed. She squeezed her massive sweat-covered tits together and began flicking her tongue quickly from her open mouth like a serpent. Troy ripped his magnum XL off and stood on the side of the bed between her legs, that were dangling off the side of the mattress.
"Ohhh, yes! This cock is why you're going to leave, Joel," Troy moaned as he stroked his cock quickly.
"A woman like you deserves alpha male seed like thiiiiiiissssssss," Troy yelled.
He hovered the tip of his cock six inches above Shannon's red swollen pussy.
PULSE!
The first massive jet erupted out, shooting across her body and splashing into her open mouth. The first blast left a thick gooey line of white glistening cum from her mouth to her belly button.
PULSE!
The second jet blasted out and splashed onto her forehead. A second thick gooey line landed across her body near the first.
PULSE!
A third blast exploded out of the massive mushroom head with the same force as the first. It landed on her left eye and cheek. The remainder splashed down onto the top of the tits she was squeezing together.
Troy pointed his cock head lower and directly at Shannon's tits like he was aiming a firehose.
PULSE!
The fourth shot came forth like a volcano. The fourth shot splattered all over Shannon's huge tits, instantly running down the sides of her mountainous peaks.
PULSE!
Troy aimed the fifth blast in the same spot as the fourth, adding even more whitish cream glaze to her upper torso.
"Ahhhhh," Troy groaned as he continued to stroke. He aimed his ejaculating cock even lower.
PULSE!
PULSE!
PULSE!
PULSE!
Four more long thick streams of cum erupted from Troy's cock and splattered all over Shannon's belly and chest. Massive amounts of cum covered her like a glazed donut. She laid spayed open. Legs spread wide, glistening with clear white sperm.
"Fuck, Troy breathlessly panted, running his hands through his hair. His pornstar cock hung directly over Shannon's pussy as he panted. Drips of sticky cum continued to drip out of his cock like a leaky faucet landing all over Shannon's pussy.
"OMG!" Joel blurted out.
"That's what I'm going to do to Shannon every night," Troy said matter of factly.
Shannon writhed back and forth on the bed, completely carpeted and drenched in cum. She wiped the cum out of her eye carefully with her finger. The hotwife then slowly placed her cummy finger into her mouth, loudly slurping as she sucked every drop.
"Mmmm," Shannon purred. "The testimonials are one hundred percent true!" I've never seen a guy cum so much!"
"Joel, he was fucking amazing! Do you like what you see?" Shannon mischievously asked as she motioned at her cum covered torso.
"I fucking love it! I've never seen such raw, passionate fucking!" Joel said with admiration.
"Mmmm, his cock felt amazing, and he knows how to use it!" Shannon purred. "Will someone grab me some water from the vending machine? I need a few minutes to chill and rehydrate."
"There's no vending machine here, but there's a gas station about a mile down the road. I'll run out and grab what you need," Troy said quickly.
"No, no, I'll go. I need some beers anyway. You guys want anything else besides water?" Joel asked.
"Sure, grab me a six-pack of Corona and an energy drink, thanks," Troy added as he tossed the truck keys and the room key to Joel.
Joel pulled on his pants and grabbed a few twenties from the wad of bills strewn across the desk.
Shannon watched the door close and walked to the restroom to freshen up. Her pussy was sore and swollen, but she felt terrific. Troy's cum ran down her body as she gazed into the bathroom mirror. Troy's performance had been legendary. She'd never been fucked so good in her life. She carefully cleaned the creamy cum off her face and reapplied her makeup and red lipstick. She loved the look of the cum coating her torso and decided to leave it there.
Troy was relaxing on the bed when Shannon emerged from the bathroom. His massive load of seed still covered her amazing breasts and torso. Long rivulets of sticky cream ran down her belly and her legs as she stood before him, looking like a pornstar.
"You look beautiful," Troy told the blonde goddess.
"You think?" Shannon teased while using a finger to scoop up a thick puddle of cum from her inner thigh.
Shannon stared wolfishly at Troy while he relaxed on the bed. She'd never met a man that checked so many of her boxes before. Troy's tall, tan, abdomen-ripped surfers body was her dream. Her heart fluttered again as she stared at his beautiful manhood laying flaccid between his legs. Even soft, he was significantly larger than most men.
"You're truly a gift from God," Shannon breathed as she climbed onto the bed next to him.
"No, you're the gift from God," Troy replied as he pulled Shannon's face towards his.
Troy flicked his tongue in and out of Shannon's mouth while massaging her massive tits. Her soft, supple body radiated powerful sexual energy that Troy had never witnessed before. He'd fucked many wives and single women over the years, but Shannon was the first that he'd felt there was a connection. Shannon was the first that the bull was actively pursuing. Troy felt a little sorry for Joel because he knew it was only a matter of time before he would convince her to leave him. The thought of stealing this hotwife from her husband began to harden his cock. Every new thought of making a future with Shannon pulsed more hot blood into his engorging genitals.
"Mmmm, it looks like somebody is ready for another round," Shannon purred as Troy's cock stiffened once again against her thigh.
Shannon pushed herself away from Troy's embrace and rolled off the mattress. She sultrily walked to the end of the bed and stood in front of the desk.
"Masturbate for me," Shannon purred. "I get so hot when guys jack off to me!"
Shannon began to gyrate her body at the end of the bed slowly. She held her gigantic tits in her hands and squeezed her nipples, making them as hard as erasers.
"Fuck, you're so hot," Troy growled as he pumped his giant fist up and down.
Shannon took her hand and began slowly rubbing her clit. "Mmm, How many guys from the strip club do you think are at home jacking off to me?" Shannon asked Troy.
"Fuck yes, all of them," Troy replied. His cock was now back to its fully rigid state.
"I'm thinking about all of them standing in front of me with their cocks out...Unnn...jacking off...Unnn. All their cocks so hard for me," Shannon moaned.
Shannon turned around and placed her hands on the desk. She pushed her ass in the air and began to shake it slowly.
"Jack off for me, Troy, jack off that big fucking cock!"
Shannon grabbed a ten-dollar bill off the desk and rolled it into a thin tube while twerking her ass for Troy. She glanced over her shoulder and groaned when she saw Troy's enormous cock inflated back to its fully erect state.
"That's it, baby, get it nice and hard for me!" Shannon teased as she tapped out a small pile of coke onto the desk. Shannon spread her legs even wider as she slowly lowered her face down and snorted up the white line with her bill. Her pulpits immediately dilated, sending the room back into complete focus. Fiery heat poured through every inch of her body. Her body shuddered as massive amounts of dopamine surged through her and into the pleasure center of her brain.
"Fuuuck," Shannon thought to herself giddily as her sexual desire increased a hundredfold.
"I want your pussy so goddamned bad," Troy grunted out as the blonde goddess spread her legs, bent over, and did a line of coke in front of him.
"You want it...Unn, take it, take what you want," Shannon heavily breathed. She remained bent over, licking the last bits of white powder from the desk as Troy jacked off.
Troy pounced on his prey like a lion attacking a gazelle. With a predator's speed, he yanked a condom onto his prick, pushed her torso down onto the cash covered desk, and jammed his cock into Shannon's dripping pussy. Troy's mushroom head jerked inside Shannon's pussy much easier than previously, her pussy still stretched out from before.
"Ohh, Unn, Ohhh," Shannon cried out as Troy planted his ten-inch veiny shaft deep into the sluts box. Shannon's body was radiating heat that he knew was from the coke she'd just snorted. Knowing that she was high on endorphins motivated Troy more.
"I love this pussy! It's so damned tight," Troy roared as he pumped.
"Ahh, I love that dick! Give it to me!"
Troy grabbed Shannon's hips with big, firm hands and held her tight. Each long deep thrust bottomed his cock out in Shannon's abdomen.
"Ahh, Ahh, Ahh, Ahh, so big," Shannon cried every time Troy's body slapped against her ass.
Troy couldn't get enough of this slut's pussy. He yanked out his cock, flipped Shannon around, and set her on the desk. Shannon spread her legs wide open in anticipation of her impalement.
"I need you to look at me...I'm yours, all yours," Shannon said to Troy with eyes filled with pure lust.
Troy slid his cock deeply into Shannon while looking directly in her eyes. Shannon's 34DD tits flapped back and forth as Troy's cock repeatedly crashed against her crotch. Sloppy liquid drizzled out of Shannon's gushing pussy as they fucked on the desk.
When Shannon told Troy she was all his, pure animal lust erupted out of him.
"Put your hands around my neck," Troy commanded forcefully. "You're going for a ride."
Shannon quickly wrapped her hands around Troy's neck and held on tight. Troy stood up and lifted her into the air. His hands firmly grabbed and cupped her ass as he levitated her up. Shannon floated in the air as Troy lowered her up and down onto his pulsing prick.
"Ohh, Yes, Yes, Yes," Shannon screamed. "Oh my Gawd, your dick is so fucking big!"
Slap, Slap, Slap, Slap.
"Take this pussy! I belong to you," burst from Shannon's mouth.
"Ahh, Unn, Unn, you own me! You own meee!"
Troy pounded away as a guttural scream of passion erupted from Shannon's lips.
Joel threw the truck in park, grabbed the bottles of water and beer, and quickly walked across the parking lot. As he approached room 106, he could hear the sounds of fucking drifting through the air.
"Ahh, Ahh, Ohh, Ohh,"
"Take this cock, take it,"
"I'm taking it, Troy, I'm taking it all," Joel heard through the thin wall of the motel as he walked up and slid his key in the lock. His cock hardened instantly from hearing his slutty wife getting fucking railed in the room.
Joel walked into the room and witnessed a majestic sight. Troy was standing up and had his wife up in the air. Her legs were held up by his elbows, with his hands braced against the top of her thighs. Shannon laced her hands around the back of his neck. Powerful muscles rippled in Troy's arms as he bounced his slut wife up and down on his long shaft.
"Ahhh, Ahhhh, Gaaawwwdd!" I've never been fucked like this! You're a fucking god!" Shannon screamed.
Shannon glanced at her husband and smiled at him with a glazed hypnotic look.
Troy's powerful muscles slammed Shannon up and down on his rigid cock with ease. Shannon frantically bounced up and down. Joel watched in pure ecstasy as her ass jiggled and vibrated with each powerful bounce. Troy rotated Shannon's back towards Joel as he entered the room. Joel gaped open-mouthed at the view of Shannon's backside bouncing up and down on his comically large penis. Cum filled heavy balls swung back and forth like a prized bull.
"Ohh, Unn, this pussy is yours, Troy! Take it," Joel listened to his wife grunt.
"Fuck, you're taking my cock so fucking good...pussy...so fucking tight! Fuuuck!"
Joel uncapped a bottle of water and held it over his wife's mouth.
"Open up, baby," Joel commanded.
Shannon's dilated eyes stared at Joel in pure ecstasy before she tilted her head back and opened her mouth. She stuck her tongue out as she continued to fuck. Joel slowly began to trickle water out of the bottle and into her mouth.
"Mmmm, more baby more," Shannon pleaded.
The cool water splashing into her mouth was incredibly erotic. Her body was on fire from the coke she had snorted and Troys unrelenting assault.
"More, pour more,"
Joel poured the water from the liter bottle faster. It splashed over his wife's mouth and beautiful face as he poured. She flicked her tongue in and out, lapping up the water like a dog as she fucked.
"More, more, pour it all over me."
Joel upended the bottle faster, splashing the bottled water all over his wife's face and body as she rode Troy like a bronco. Shannon's body glistened from the liter of water that had spilled over her. The ice-cold water hardened her nipples into rock-hard quarter-inch eraser tips.
Joel popped a beer, pulled off his pants and resumed stroking his rock-hard cock as he sipped. Joel was in awe of Troy's strength and stamina. The bull performed like an absolute machine!
"Put her down," Joel commanded. He spoke up for the first time tonight. "Get on the bed and spread your legs, exactly like you did on stage tonight."
Troy placed Shannon on the bed and grabbed a beer. Shannon smiled mischievously at her husband and sprawled onto the bed with her legs spread wide.
"How come you didn't come up and give me a tip next to the stage baby," Shannon teased.
"Because my cock was too fucking hard for me to stand," Joel breathed heavily.
Shannon thrust her hips in the air and squeezed her tits. She made primordial moaning sounds as she bounced her hips up and down.
"Did you like all those men staring at you?" Joel asked as he stroked his cock in front of Shannon.
Troy stood up and began stroking next to Joel as Shannon gyrated. His cock easily dwarfed Joel's as they masturbated to the blonde goddess.
"Mmm, I loved it! The more men that came next to the stage with money, the wetter and hornier I got."
"So, you liked it when they tossed money at you like a slut?"
"Omg, yes, when Troy gave me that first bill...Unn...my pussy nearly exploded," Shannon panted heavily. "Every other guy tipping me after that gave me such a powerful feeling...I felt nasty and beautiful at the same time!"
"Is that why you pulled off your g-string and showed them your pussy, baby?" Joel added as he tossed a fifty-dollar bill on his wife's body.
"Gaawwdd, every bill they gave me made me want to show them more. I needed to be their slut!"
"Like this, you liked men throwing bills at you like this?" Joel rasped as he and Troy began launching tens and twenties.
"Unn, Yes, Yes, Yes, it made me so fucking horny."
Joel stroked his cock rapidly and watched in awe as his wife inserted two fingers into her pussy.
"So when Troy came up to the stage the second time when you were completely naked, what were you thinking?" Joel asked as another bill floated down and landed on her belly.
"Ahhh, I was thinking of him coming up on stage so I could fuck him in front of all those men. I was thinking of grinding on him as they all watched and jacked off. I was thinking about getting fucked. I was imagining getting fucked in front of all of them as they masturbated for me," Shannon rubbed her clit more rapidly with every bill that Joel and Troy tossed on her.
"Show me!" Joel growled, "show me what you wanted to do on stage!"
Shannon looked at Troy expectantly and motioned him to the bed.
"Lay on your back," Shannon commanded.
She straddled Troy's torso reverse cowgirl. Troy's rock-hard ten-inch cock stood straight up in front of her belly. Joel took a massive wad of bills from the desk and began slowly tossing them at his wife.
"Mmm, I loved the feeling of bills floating down on me," Shannon purred. She grabbed Troy's cock with one hand and her tit with the other. She massaged both as she gyrated on the bed.
"Is this what you wanted to do on stage, baby?"
"OMG, yes," Shannon breathed. "I writhed on stage imagining riding Troy just like this!"
Do it, do what you wanted to do on stage! Don't hold back. You fantasized about giving him your pussy! Then fucking give it to him, you slut!" Joel ordered his wife forcefully.
He tossed more bills onto his wife as she ground against Troy's body.
"Ahhh fuck baby, I'm going to give him my pussy!"
Shannon lifted her hips in the air and guided Troy's thick shaft once again into her dripping pussy.
Joel watched in admiration as Troy's thick shaft split his wife's pussy open wide. She leaned back and braced her arms on Troy's muscled chest as she fucked him.
"This baby, just like this. fucking like this was what I was thinking about doing. Riding him just like this as all the horny men jacked off to me and covered me in bills," Shannon grunted.
Shannon's huge tits flopped up and down forcefully. Every bill Joel tossed onto his wife made her more energetic. The girth of Troy's cock no longer affected her thrusts. Her pussy was fully stretched and accustomed to the thick alpha cock. Shannon fell back into a trancelike state as Joel rained bills down upon her.
"Omg, this dick is so fucking big!"
"Unn, Unn, Unnn, Ahhh,"
"So tight, love this pussy," Troy moaned loudly.
Shannon bounced up and down on Troy's cock with energetic fury. She Grunted loudly with every deep cock filled thrust into her pussy. Troy's cock was magnificent. She'd never fucked another cock that felt so good. Her pussy created lubrication profusely and extruded it onto Troy's massive shaft with every thrust.
"Ahh, this pussy belongs to you! This pussy fucking belongs to you," Shannon's screeched.
Joel stroked madly with one hand as he continued to fling bills on his wife's cock filled glistening body with the other.
"No one else can have this pussy! No one else can have this pussy but you, Troy! I need your fucking cock!"
"Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh," Troy's balls crashed against Shannon forcefully.
Shannon looked at her husband and whispered. "Please."
Joel gave her a slight nod of the head, agreeing to her silent request.
Shannon slowed her up and down thrusts and extruded the massive cock from her dripping snatch. She looked Troy in the eyes as she slowly pulled the magnum XL condom from his thick ten-inch cock. Shannon admired the bare cock in front of her and whispered in Troy's ear.
"Make this pussy yours, make it yours."
Shannon rolled onto her back and spread her legs wide. The hotwife's pussy gushed, knowing that Troy's bare cock was about to impale her sent waves of moisture cascading within her pussy.
"My fucking pussy now," Troy growled as he climbed on top of Shannon and inserted his raw cock.
"Awww fuck, that feels so good! Fuck me with your bare cock," Shannon moaned in pleasure.
The second Troy's bare cock entered his wife, Joel hovered over his wife's face and unloaded onto her lips. His third load splattered out in one squirt and landed on her mouth as she groaned in pleasure.
Joel fell back into his chair and watched his wife and her lover fuck like it was the last time they ever would.
"Oh god, Troy, I'm yours! I'm all yours!"
Clap, Clap, Clap, Clap. Troy's balls repeatedly crashed against Shannon's ass as he furiously fucked her. Shannon was completely unaware of the Cum running down the side of her mouth. She was in complete sexual ecstasy. Troy's cock was the best she'd ever felt with a condom. Without a condom, it was pure sexual fulfillment.
"You like my big cock?" Troy yelled.
"Gawd, I love your big cock fucking me."
"Who's cock do you want?" Troy asked forcefully.
"I want your cock, Troy! I need your cock," Shannon panted like a dog in heat.
Joel watched Troy pummel his wife relentlessly for over ten minutes with his bare donkey cock. She screamed and yelled out in pleasure loud enough for every room around them to hear clearly.
Shannon looked over at her husband once again and whispered the words, "please."
Joel barely nodded his head in a yes before Shannon pulled Troy's face close to hers.
"Make my pussy yours...breed me in front of my husband," Shannon panted. "Breed me, Troy, breed my pussy. Put your Alpha seed deep in me!"
"My pussy," Troy roared as he began to drive his cock into Shannon like a jackhammer. "Ahhhhh cumming!"
PULSE!
Shannon screamed and orgasmed when Troy's first massive pulse expanded and contracted his thick shaft in her pussy. Thick white gooey cum shot out of his firehouse deep into her cervix.
"Breed me!" Shannon screamed.
PULSE!
Shannon's pussy clenched and contracted on Troy's ejaculating cock simultaneously as his second massive blast surged deep into her pussy.
PULSE!
Troy's third blast erupted out with the same force as the first two. Shannon's pussy was now utterly filled with alpha semen.
PULSE!
Troy's fourth blast erupted out, causing excess semen to squirt out between the walls of her pussy and the shaft of his cock.
PULSE!
PULSE!
PULSE!
PULSE!
PULSE!
Troy's cock expanded and contracted mercilessly as five more massive jets of white-hot cum sprayed out of his cock head. Cum rolled profusely out of Shannon's bred pussy as Troy slowly removed his cock.
"Beautiful," Troy panted.
Shannon's pussy was stretched wide and stood gaping. White, warm cum ran out of her like a river and created a white lake between her legs. Shannon collapsed on her bed in complete sexual overload. She looked at Joel and stuck her fingers deep into her pussy. She withdrew them and smiled as she admired fingers covered in white alpha sperm.
Shannon pulled Troy in for a passionate kiss.
"Thank you, that was the best sex of my life. Why don't you hop in the shower while I talk to Joel? Give me thirty minutes," Shannon whispered seductively.
Troy nodded knowingly and entered the bathroom like a winning prizefighter.
"My god, he was fucking amazing," Shannon whispered quickly. "Too bad he had to go and get clingy," Shannon said with a frown as she pulled her skirt and top on.
"No shit, but you sure pulled an epic performance out of him," Joel added as he scooped up the bills from the bed and jammed them into Shannon's purse.
"Is the cab ready?" Shannon asked, barely above a whisper.
Shannon grabbed the stationery from the desk and scribbled a quick note.
"Troy, Thanks for the great night! You were by far the best fuck of my life. Your cock was legendary and a million times better than my husband's. Unfortunately, it takes more than a great body and cock to steal a hotwife. Here are a few bits of advice. 1. You're never going to steal a hotwife away from their husband when you're cheating on your wife 2. When your swinging with a couple, never try to get the wife to leave the husband they love, it's not cool, and it's kind of creepy. 3. Admit to your wife what you need. She might surprise you! Best of luck, we will both remember our night together fondly, xoxoxo, Shannon."
"You ready," Joel whispered as Shannon displayed the note on the desk.
"Yes, my love," Shannon replied.
Shannon grabbed Joel's hand as her husband led her out the door. The cab was waiting across the lot for the couple to jump into quickly. The cab driver's eyes bulged out of his head when he saw Shannon's huge tits displayed braless under her sheer cami top.
"Where to?" The driver asked.
Joel gave the address of the hotel they were staying at fifteen minutes away.
"Gotcha looks like you guys had a good night," the driver chucked.
"Our nights only began," Joel said back immediately.
Joel pulled his wife's face to his and kissed her with a fiery passion. Shannon moaned and spread her legs wide open in the back seat.
"Hell yes," Joel groaned when he saw that Troy's warm cum was still oozing out of her pussy. Joel repeatedly delved his fingers in and out of Shannon's cum filled pussy, finger fucking her as they kissed. Shannon popped open the buttons on her cami top and let her bare tits spill out.
"I'm a slut! of course I'm going to let the driver stare at my tits," Shannon thought to herself. "On second thought, he should also witness my bull's cum draining out of me," the hotwife deviously thought as she spread her legs open even wider.
Shannon and Joel grinned together as the driver subtly adjusted his rearview mirror so he could view and enjoy their show.
The end.