Sue hastily brushed herself down and straightened her hair. Leaning back against the wall she closed her eyes for a moment and shivered; she could still feel Andy's hands between her legs and she needed to pull herself together before going back into the party.
"You look as though you've had too much to drink," Andy said suddenly, standing close beside her, startling her.
"Bloody hell you made me jump!" She said, pushing herself away from the wall, her hand at her chest in fright.
"Thinking of us were you?" John said looking over his shoulder and smiling.
"No, yes, err, maybe" she answered totally confused, her heart still pounding. "I don't know. Look, just bugger off will you?"
Looking over his shoulder at John who had appeared behind him Andy laughed, "She missed us," he said; and then his face changed, breaking in to an even broader smile, "Well, look who's here," he said, stepping past her to hold out his hand. Sue turned to find herself face to face with her parents.
"Hello Andy, John," her Father said, wreathed in smiles. Her Mum nodded her greetings from the background.
"She been causing trouble then?" her father jokingly asked the boys.
"What? No, not at all," Andy said putting his arm around her waist and pulling her close again, "Been really great to see her again; get to know her," he added and Sue blushed, elbowing him in the ribs.
"Been keeping us entertained," John added and patted her bottom from behind, "Grown up a bit hasn't she?" he asked and her parents nodded, smiling,. "almost didn't recognise her."
"With her clothes on," her Dad offered and everyone laughed; 'If only you knew' Sue thought, smiling ruefully. "You just arriving or just leaving?" he asked the boys.
"Just leaving unfortunately," Andy answered, "meeting friends in Town later on."
"And if you're ready to go," Sue's Mum said to Sue, brushing her down as she spoke, " Uncle Terry is waiting to give you a lift. I told him you'd be coming back with him."
"OK," Sue said, almost reluctantly disentangling herself from Andy's arm and the hand that rested warmly on her hip. "I'd better get my bag and hat," she said and went back into the house leaving her parents to quickly catch up with Andy and John. Making her excuses and saying her goodbyes Sue made her way to the back door again.
"Don't wait up for us," her Dad said, "I have a feeling that this could be a late one."
"You think you're going to end up sleeping over here?" Sue asked.
Her Dad shrugged his shoulders and her Mum rolled her eyes. "Got some things here just in case," she said holding up a bulging shopping bag. "Will you girls be OK?" she asked, fussing as always.
"No problem," Sue laughed and slipped past them. "Where did Andy & John go?"
"Left already," her Dad answered, looking inside, checking out the gathering. "You'd better get a move on. Don't keep Terry waiting. He's in a hurry." Sue kissed her parents goodbye and ran up the path to the front gate, half hoping to see Andy and John but they had disappeared.
The street was quite full of cars, most of them she guessed belonged to the guests back in the house, this area was certainly not affluent enough for this many cars normally. She spotted Uncle Terry standing by his car smoking a cigarette, he raised his hand in greeting and Sue walked over. "Hi Uncle Terry, thanks for the lift." She admired the car he was leaning against, a huge, gleaming Ford Consul. "Wow," she said, "new car?"
"Got it last month," Terry said puffing up with pride, "A beauty isn't she?"
Sue nodded, looking the car over, "It's huge," she said bending down to look inside, "could get a football team in here."
"Only a small one," Terry laughed depreciatingly, loving the praise.
He opened the driver's door and Sue looked in. "Oh, hi Frank," She said to a young man sitting on the passenger side of the large bench front seat.
"Hi Sue," came the shy but eager reply. Frank was Terry's son, a year or so younger than Sue, about Jackie's age. A nice enough young man but gawky and spotty, tongue tied around girls, very quiet. He looked awkward, shy, dressed by his mother in old fashioned clothes that never seemed to quite fit, definitely a young man under his mothers thumb.
"You ready?" Terry asked and Sue opened the door and slipped into the huge, rear bench seat.
"Wow," Sue laughed again, "this is bigger than our house!" Frank turned and smiled at her wide-eyed appreciation. "Could get another three or four people in here," she said, sitting in the middle and spreading her arms out, not quite able to touch each door. "This is fantastic!" she said settling back.
"You're looking good Sue," Frank said looking her up and down shyly, blushing as he said it, his eyes lingering momentarily on her breasts. Sue knew he had always had a crush on her but she had always treated it as just that, a young man's crush.
"Why thank you," she said smiling back at him, his face turning a deeper shade of red, his spots shining red on a red background, "looking good yourself."
He dropped his eyes, "Thanks," he mumbled, turning beetroot, swivelling around to face the front, unsuccessfully trying to hide his embarrassment.
Sue suddenly sat bolt upright as both rear doors opened at once and John and Andy slid into the car, one on each side of her. For a moment she was too startled to speak. "Almost missed you Terry old lad," Andy said and leaned forward to pat Terry on the shoulder, "thanks for the lift."
"Happy to oblige," Terry said starting the car.
Andy looked at Sue and gave her his best boyish smile, "Terry offered us a lift into town," he said by way of answer to the unasked question. "Good of him wasn't it? It was your Mum's idea," he continued without waiting for an answer "Very thoughtful." Terry manoeuvred the car away from the kerb and the two boys settled themselves back into their seats for the journey and Sue sat quietly between them, trying not to touch them, trying to make herself as small as possible, totally nonplussed by this sudden turn of events.
Trying not to touch however was impossible. Big as the car was two large men and Sue just about filled the seat; and the boys were expansive, crowding Sue, making themselves comfortable. "Got enough room there our kid?" John asked patting her knee affectionately and leaving his hand there.
"I'm fine thanks," she said, trying to deal with his hand only to find Andy joining in and taking control of her other knee. "Stop it," she whispered, fiercely, "they'll see!" John laughed and began a conversation about football with Terry.
Sue could see Terry's eyes in the rear view mirror, glancing back at them as they chatted away, nothing visible below the high backed bench seat. John leaned forward, one arm over the back of the front seat, the other hand on the inside of her knee, as he kept up the animated conversation. Andy joined in smiling amiably while his hand softly caressed the inside of Sue's other knee, gliding slowly over the soft smooth skin of her inner thigh. Sue couldn't stop them and their hands roved at will over her legs. After a while she gave up, forcing herself to sit back in the seat while the two men gently held her legs open and stroked her knees and thighs.
After a while she realised that she was safe enough with Terry and Frank in the car and she sat back and closed her eyes. The warm leather of the seat and the feeling of the hands gently stroking her legs proved extremely relaxing and sensuous and Sue could feel herself letting go, giving into the warm, gentle eroticism of the moment. She could feel herself becoming aroused, growing moist; she thought about trying to stop them but they seemed to be content with just stroking, quietly exploring her legs and thighs.
Slowly, surreptitiously, without letting anyone see, their hands crept gently up and under her dress. The hands were comforting, sexy and she slid slowly down in her seat. In the darkness beneath her dress their hands moved across the flat expanse of her tummy, slowly down over her knickers, stroking softly between her legs and over her sex. She held her breath as the fingers, trailed down between her legs and across her sex, drawing delicious, sensuous patterns on her skin. She moved contentedly as the fingers lingered for a moment, finding the outline of her lips beneath the soft cotton fabric of her knickers. She closed her eyes and let them touch, she was allowing them the liberty of her body and they were being discrete, touching her softly, below the vision of Terry and Frank, out of sight. This time she was granting them the license which they had taken by force earlier, gifting it on her own terms; and she knew they were enjoying the present she was making them, touching her softly, turning her on, treating her gently. She was safe, the boys could only touch, her Uncle and Frank were her chaperones.
Half hypnotised by the fingers on her skin Sue slipped still lower in her seat, her dress riding higher as the hands on either side moved over her. Through half closed eyes she could now clearly see Andy's hand between her legs as he softly traced the shape of her sex, one finger gently indenting the material until the shape of her lips and the line between them could be clearly seen. Sue shivered and moved her hips softly against his fingers. Her eyes finally closed as Andy continued the easy movement of his fingers. She was getting dangerously turned on and she knew she should stop it before they made her cum but the fingers were so gentle, so comforting.
John's hand moved casually up and onto her stomach, pushing her dress higher. His fingers moved lower to trace the line of her knickers, moving from side to side, looking for an opportunity, before dipping under the waistband and sliding down to rest lightly in her pubic hair. She raised a hesitant hand to stop him but in one easy movement his hand had slipped down between her open legs to find and cupped her sex. For half a second she let it remain, craving the fingers that were already searching between her open lips; but with a sudden recognition of her surroundings she managed to control her desire, pulling herself upright, forcing them both to quickly withdraw their hands. Terry looked at her in his rear view as she suddenly pulled herself ruefully upright, shedding the hands and closing her legs. "Ah, the Sleeping Beauty awakes! I thought you had nodded off in the back there."
"No, no," she said, smoothing her dress down and trying to compose herself. "Just closed my eyes for a bit, that's all." She looked around, trying to avoid the disappointment in the faces of Andy and John while at the same time trying to ignore the tingling between her legs and her erect nipples. "Where are we?" she asked, peering out of the window
"Not far now," Terry said, slowing down and turning off the main road, "Hope you folks don't mind but I have a little business to do just down here; won't take more than a couple of minutes." Sue looked at Andy and John but they both shrugged their shoulders and shook their heads. Terry turned in front of a boulevard of shops before swinging around behind them into a small car park. He pulled up against a blank brick wall that was the back of one of the shops and turned off the engine, opening the door and leaping out before anyone could argue. "Won't be more than a couple of minutes," he called, quickly shutting the door and disappearing around the corner.
They sat there is silence for a few seconds, all seemingly equally surprised at this sudden turn of events until Frank swung around in his seat, leaning over to face them. 'Actually he'll be ages," he said. "He's gone to the bookies. Saturday afternoon races, it's always the same."
"Really?" Andy asks and looks at John who smiled and shrugged. "Always the same?"
"Yep," Frank nodded, "I get used to it. He brings me along so he won't have to tell my Mum where he is."
"Tell you what," John said, reaching into his pocket, "want to earn some money?"
"How much?" Frank asked looking suddenly wary,
"Ten bob," he said, pulling out a note and holding it up.
"What do I have to do," Frank responded suddenly interested,
"Just keep an eye out."
"What for?" He asked looking around.
"For anyone coming."
"Why?"
"Well, Andy and I are going to have some fun with young Sue here, play some games if you know what I mean," he said trying to talk man to man with the barely formed boy, "and I would like you to keep an eye out in case anyone wanders past."
Sue spun around and looked at John "What? Are you joking?" John ignored her and carried on his conversation with Frank. Sue looked around in panic.
'No problem." Frank said smiling, "Can I watch?'
"No you bloody can't, especially because nothing's going to happen!" she said and tried to make a grab for the door. The John easily restrained her and pulled her back down into the seat between them. Frank smiled and leaned forward eagerly to watch. The boys turned to Sue and easily pulled her further down until she was almost lying on the seat between them. They each took one of her hands, trapping her arms under their bodies, pinning her down. Sue struggled ineffectually and tried to plead with them, "Look, you can't do this! This is a bloody public car park in the middle of town! Its Saturday afternoon for God's sake! You just can't be serious, someone will come!" There was a moment's silence and then Frank's voice floated over from the front.
"She talks a lot does she?" The boys looked at each other and suddenly burst out laughing. Frank smiled and looked from one to the other, pleased that they thought what he said funny although he didn't really see the joke. "You just keep your bloody eyes peeled if you want to earn the money," John said over his shoulder. Frank nodded gravely and shut up but Sue saw that he did not look away, his eyes slowly roved over her body in hopeful anticipation of the next stage of her humiliation. She could expect no help from him.
The next move was not long in coming. With her arms still firmly pinned the boys wasted no time and Andy reached for the hem of her dress. With a couple of quick tugs he pulled the dress up her body to her chin. Franks eyes bulged, Sue struggled and tried to cross her legs in an attempt to lessen her exposure but there was not enough room. "Please," she pleaded with the boys, "this is far too public, please let me go," But the boys ignored her and her nylon slip quickly followed her dress up to below her chin, leaving her laid nearly naked, in only her bra and pants.
John looked her over, "God but you are lovely," he said appreciatively admiring again her small pert breasts and her flat taught stomach. He ran his hand over her, gently squeezing her breasts, his hand following the smooth plan of her stomach, down across her mound, his fingers feeling the warmth of her sex through her knickers.
Her struggling had caused her knickers to slide down slightly and the waistband gapped invitingly as it stretched between her hips. Her struggles had also caused her knickers to pull tighter across her sex, plainly, enticingly, outlining the shape of her mound and her lips. Her long shapely legs were forced apart by the cramped conditions. John smiled and taking the waistband of her knickers he pulled it away from her stomach, peering down into the shadowy realms inside. Looking down her body she saw Frank leaning over the back of his seat, straining forward to get a look at her. "Please!" Sue said again, almost in tears, "this is enough."
John smiled ruefully and let go of her waistband, much to Frank's chagrin. "Sorry our kid," he said, "but as we've told you we never pass up on an opportunity; and this is an opportunity and you are far too good to pass up on." As he spoke Andy reached underneath her and unclipped her bra, pulling it from the front, up and away from her breasts. Franks eyes almost popped out of his head. Sue's breasts heaved, shining in the bright sunlight, her nipples pink and already surprisingly hard. John took one between his fingers and rolled it experimentally before letting it spring back to shape. "I'll bet you've never seen anything to equal these have you eh?" John asked Frank, the three of them admiring her breasts as though they were looking at a sculpture in an art gallery. Frank shook his head, not only had he never seen its equal, he had never actually seen a real naked breast before. His eyes widened and his mouth fell open, 'Jesus' he breathed quietly.
"Come on Lads," Sue tried again, vainly trying struggle free, causing her breasts moving enticingly, swaying on her chest, "this isn't bloody funny! Especially not with him watching! At least give me some privacy. This is too public! Someone will see."
"Yep," John agreed, sounding vaguely conciliatory for a moment, "you're probably right; in fact Young Frank here's probably already seen more than he ever has before!" John and Andy laughed as Frank turned bright red, his eyes fixed on Sue's bare chest. Sue looked hopelessly into Frank's eager face as he excitedly watched John take hold of her breast, moulding it under his palm, pulling her nipple with his fingers. She saw him lick his lips, his hand working below the level of the seat and she realised with a sudden revulsion that he was playing with himself.
She closed her eyes, trying to block it all out, trying to pretend that this isn't happening to her, again. With a surge of panic she felt John hook a finger into the side of the waistband of her knickers and with slow deliberation she felt him pull down. She could feel the material slide down across her abdomen, pulled from the side, until she knew that the first of her pale blond pubic hairs must be on view. John held the material there, pulled down at the side. His fingers caressed the skin on her hip before slowly, agonisingly, trailing down to the flat, smooth, skin of her tummy. His finger slowly drifted along the edge of her pubic hair, raising goose bumps on her skin.
"Beautiful," Andy said as he followed suit; slowly pulling her knickers down at his side, exposing her even more. Soon they had exposed her pubic mound completely. Hooking his finger into the front he pulled it down, until the pink lips of her sex could be clearly seen. Sue squirmed as the boys stared, eyen with her eyes closed she could feel their eyes boring between her legs, could almost hear Frank pulling at himself, loving the adventure, loving her exposure, staring at her sex; and shame and embarrassment swept through her.
Unconcerned with her feelings John ruffled her pubic hair with his fingertips and lightly ran his finger down across her sex. Sue could feel the rush of blood at his touch, the sudden moisture and the swelling of her lips and her face flushed hot. John touched her again and her lips opened, folding back wetly, "Best I've ever seen I think," he said and Andy grunted his agreement.
Roughly reaching underneath her John crudely pulled the back of her knickers down and out from under her bottom. "Please!" Sue pleaded quietly, but the boys completely ignored her and in a series of movements John pulled her knickers down to her knees. With Andy holding her down John finally pushed them down to her ankles. He lifted one of her legs slightly and pulled them over one foot; leaving them draped around her other ankle, a useless piece of material, discarded. John and Andy sat back and surveyed the naked girl, for the second time that day they had succeeded in stripping her, an unexpected bonus, a prize worthy of having.
Sue lay as if turned to stone, mortified, shamed. She knew the boys had won again and she knew what was about to happen to her again; and she knew there was nothing she could do to stop them. The constriction in her chest was Frank, she knew he was leaning over the back seat staring down at her sex, loving what was happening to her, revelling in her humiliation, pulling himself off at the sight of her open sex; and to make matter worse she was excited, she could feel the moisture lubricating the lips of her sex, her lips already opening and waiting for their fingers, and she was ashamed that her body was betraying her again.
Her need for sex, to be touched and made to cum, was real and pressing, almost no matter what the situation, no matter who was watching. With an increasing sense of shame she knew that when they opened her up and put their fingers inside her she would forget everything, she would open her legs as wide as she could get them and to hell with Frank, he could see what he wanted.
Taking hold of her knee John lifted it over his own and Andy followed suit with her other knee, spreading her legs wide and keeping them open. "Fuck me," Frank whispered as he stared into her wide open sex.
Sue felt she could die of shame, she could feel her already moist lips opening as they put their hands on her thighs, pulling slightly, opening her legs wider still, "Fucking lovely'" Andy said reverently, watching Sue's moist sex opening like a flower before their eyes. Reaching forward he also brushed his fingers through her pubic hair, fluffing it up so it caught the light. Sue shivered at the touch of his fingers, ashamed at how sensitive she already was. Andy traced the outline of her pubic hair, across the top, down the side in the valley at the junction of her thighs, his finger eventually running down the valley, flowing downwards, brushing the side of her sex. She tried to keep from moving, from showing any sign as his finger moved up the outside of her sex, lightly brushing against her lips.
"You seem to like being watched,'" Andy said, his finger reaching the top of her sex. "You are very wet," he said and held his finger up before her eyes, "look," he said and she opened her eyes. Her moisture could be clearly seen, coating the pad of his finger. She could not take her eyes away, she knew he was right, she loved it and her embarrassment was only matched by her anticipation of their fingers inside her. Andy smiled and his hand disappeared from sight, moving back to her sex, gently inserting itself between her open lips, moving from top to bottom, softly opening her up. She watched the concentration in his face, his fingers lightly feeling between her lips. Shuddering at his touch she knew where his fingers were going, what he was looking for. "Ah!" he said quietly as his fingers finally parted her lips near the top of her sex, "here we are," he said and his finger grazed the very tip of her clitoris. Sue groaned and her hips jumped at his touch.
"What the fuck?" Frank blurted out, startled by Sue's involuntary movement.
Andy laughed and looked at John who smiled back, confident, knowing that Sue would not resist any more, that her protests were over, she was open and ready for them, willing and responsive, theirs until they had finished with her, "You always were a fanny man weren't you?" John said causally to Andy, as though Sue was some kind of experiment spread out before them just for their pleasure, to be discussed and compared.
Taking hold of her breast he softly moulded it under his palm, "I'm a breast man myself," he said, "as you know. Good job I suppose really otherwise there might have been problems on occasions such as this when we have to share don't you think?" Andy nodded, not really listening, he was busy. He spread her lips apart with his fingers, opening her inside to their gaze. He watched her face intently as he did it and despite herself, despite her desperate embarrassment she could feel herself responding to their casual, almost callous, treatment of her body; Sue could feel her juices beginning to flow.
"Always a fanny man, always will be," Andy responded casually. Softly folding her lips back to reveal the deeper pink within. She groaned involuntarily as he smoothed his fingers from the bottom of her sex to the top, picking up her juices and spreading them over her lips before running his finger further down between her wide open legs and on to the small puckered bud of her anus. Sue's eyes opened wide at the sudden intense sensitivity this unexpected touch created. Andy looked at her quizzically and then smiled. His finger returned to trace a line around the small virginal opening again and Sue stirred as if to try to move away from his curious digit. Andy looked up into her face, she blinked and swallowed and he smiled. His finger traced a line up between her legs and dipped briefly into her sex. She closed her eyes and groaned slightly, trying to absorb his finger inside her. But he only lingered for a moment, gathering her juices again before suddenly reappearing at the small, tightly closed, entrance to her anus.
Her eyes opened wide as his finger slowly began to work its way around this new opening, lubricating, increasing in pressure, burrowing softly like a small animal. She looked into his face as his finger stretched her slowly wider, moving deeper with each slow turn. "Not just fanny," Andy said, looking into her eyes and smiling, "I'm interested in all a woman's opportunities," he said, his finger finally sliding into her up to his first joint. Impaled, Sue tried to open her legs even wider, the sensation unbelievably strange, forbidden, unexpected, but at the same time incredibly erotic. He held his finger there, feeling her muscles tight around it; gripping it hard as if not sure if she wanted it to go deeper or to withdraw. Slowly he slid his finger in up to his second joint and Sue groaned and closed her eyes, realising that she could nothing to stop him, slowly giving herself up to the feeling. She didn't even realise when he released her hand and leaned forward, opening the lips of her sex with his fingers while keeping his other hand, finger deep, inside her anus. He found her clitoris and spreading her lips wide he watched as it stood proud, fiercely erect, between his fingers.
She groaned as Andy open her sex again, she could feel her clitoris standing clear, engorged and moist, She knew he was exposing her even further, if that were possible, to Franks goggle eyed stare. They were laying her bare, piece by piece, act by act. His fingers pressed lightly down on either side and she could swear that she could feel the little hood of skin that protected her clitoris roll back, leaving her naked and erect. The finger of his other hand twitched softly, buried deep inside her anus; a totally new, uncomfortable, strangely exciting feeling. No one had ever done this to her before, touched her like this, touched her there.
Her legs strained apart as his buried finger moved deep inside her, she could not decide if she wanted it there or wanted it out of her, the sensations too confusing. Her hips rose up off the seat as the fingers at her sex touched her clitoris, A quick gentle touch that exploded inside her sex. She cried out and tried to move away but she was held down, held open, powerless to stop them. Her legs trembled as her muscles clenched around his invading finger, trying to force it out. She heard him laugh, "Nice and tight," he said and he moved his finger experimentally, "no doubt about her virginity, not at this end anyway."
She felt him change his position with his other hand, still holding her clitoris exposed and vulnerable and she knew he would stroke her again soon, touch her clitoris until she came and she began to whimper in anticipation and fear; fear that they would make her come, make her forget who she was; and she was afraid that if they made her come enough they would eventually strip away the last layer of her defences, just as they had stripped away her clothes, leaving her absolutely and totally naked, her basic needs and desires laid open, like the lips of her sex, for all to see, She was laid there with her legs held wide open, her sex wide open, naked and vulnerable, she knew that she could not resist the pressure of their fingers, eventually she would crack.
Andy knew it too; his fingers moved knowingly over her sex, pressing lightly on either side of her clitoris, making sure that it stood proud and exposed and ready for his touch. Unbidden her hips rose up to meet it, her legs straining wide, pushed wider by the finger buried deep in her rear. He now moved his finger inside her, pulling slightly out and then pushing back in again, her muscles gripping it tightly, the sensation in her anus weird and exciting. At the same time his thumb brushed lightly across the sensitive tip of her small hard clitoris.
She jumped and cried out, her free hand pushing at the centre of his back, whether to urge his fingers deeper or not she had no idea. His fingers moved deeper, opening her up, searching for the sensitive, secret, areas inside her. His thumb found her clitoris again and she yelled out, all senses confused and heightened by the sudden and devastating whirl of sensation. Her hips began to dance under his fingers, her fingers vainly tried to wrap themselves in the material of his shirt, her nails digging into his back.
She began to rise rapidly towards her climax. John held her down, his hand on her breast as she rode higher towards her inevitable peak. Her head began to thrash and she cried out. The boys still held her legs open although every muscle strained in her to get them even wider, to keep his fingers inside her; and then she climaxed, a deep throated roar that began in toes and crashed up through her body. She bucked and scratched as each wave took her higher. Andy rode her like a cowboy, his fingers deep inside her, his thumb heavily stroking across her clitoris; and then he pushed his finger deep into her anus, a slow steady thrust that took him all the way to his knuckle. Sue yelled and tried to close her legs but they were held open, hooked over the boys knees and held in place. She screamed, all sense of place and time forgot. She physically rose to her climax, her hips high off the seat and her body twisting to the sensations between her legs.
She shuddered as the first wave passed her by, burning out time and place; but the fingers did not pause and soon she was lifting again. As she crashed over into her second orgasm Andy slowly withdrew his finger from her arse before pushing it home again, lubricated by the juices flowing down between her legs. She screamed again, his fingers still deep inside her vagina. He repeated the manoeuvre, again and again, each thrust bringing a fresh wave to her climax; until at last she calmed, her orgasms slowing, lessening in intensity and she lay, spread-eagled and spent, his fingers barely moving, still deep inside her.
Andy looked up, Frank was staring open mouthed, his face ashen, a slight sweat on his brow, he looked panicked, "Fuck" he whispered, awestruck.
"Are you Ok?" Andy asked and Frank nodded, not trusting himself to speak. Andy withdrew his fingers from inside Sue and wiped them on her thighs. "That was a wild one wasn't it?" he said to no-one in particular. Sue lay as if dead, almost totally naked, her long shapely legs wide open, her body on display, past caring if anyone could see her now.
Andy looked at John who was shaking his head slowly, a rye, bemused smile on his face. He had let go of her breast and was now just stroking her lightly, running his hand over her skin, feeling her perspiration and the smoothness of her. "I have to admit she's a really beauty," he said as though discussing an animal rather than a young woman, watching his hand smooth over her, "never seen one go like that. Went off like a rocket," he paused for moment and then nodded his assent. "You know, I'd be happy to marry this one," he said with feeling.
Andy nodded, "I know what you mean; smart, spirited, beautiful and wild sex. Shame her Dad doesn't own a pub." John laughed and shook his head again.
Frank had leaned further and further forward until he was now hanging over the back of his seat, his head almost directly above Sue's wide open legs. "Never touched a woman, have you?" John asked and Frank blinked uncertainly and shook his head. "Well, go on then," Frank urged kindly, "she's not going to bite you."
Sue stirred, "No," she protested weakly, looking at Frank. Frank looked back at her, his eyes twitching nervously in the light of her stare; his hand moved forward hovering uncertainly in midair. "Frank, I said no!" Sue snapped at him trying to close her legs but the boys just laughed and held her open.
"You'll never get another chance like this," John said to him, placing his hand back on Sue's breast, partly to feel her and partly to show Frank how amenable she could be and to show Frank his mastery of her body. Sue watched as Frank's trembling hand made the fearful journey towards her knee.
"Frank, don't!" Sue said with growing despair and Frank hesitated, his Adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed.
"Only chance you'll get," John reminded him, "be a man."
"Frank!" Sue said louder, trying to sit up but Andy quietly and firmly held her in place. Frank hesitated, his indecision plain. He looked from John to Sue and back before his uneasy glance rested between her open legs again. "Frank!" Sue said sharply but his hand settled on her leg just above her knee and she knew she had lost him. As his fingertips circled for the first time on the soft, smooth skin of a young woman's thigh his whole hand shook. He looked at his fingers and then up at Sue, connecting the two in his head. With his eyes fixed on Sue's he slowly he placed his whole hand, palm down on her thigh. She shivered, she could almost feel the heat of her skin burning up through his clammy, trembling palm. "Now Frank..." she said warily. His fingers jerked as he spread his hand out, the smoothness and the warmth of her skin, the forbidden pleasure of touching her, slowly registering behind his eyes.
He looked at John who smiled and nodded, "Feels good doesn't it?" His eyes went back to Sue and then down to her sex glistening wetly between her legs. He swallowed audibly and his fingers twitched. "It's your only chance," John repeated quietly. Frank briefly glanced at him before returning his gaze to the prize between her open legs.
"Go on boy," Andy encouraged and as if in response Franks hand jerked forward, higher up her thigh. "Go on," Andy repeated and Franks hand continued its hesitant journey up Sue's thigh. Andy and John looked at each other smiled while Sue watched the hand approach in horrified fascination, as though it was some grotesque spider creeping slowly along her thigh.
His hand reached the juncture with her hip and he paused, his fingers feeling the soft crease of skin. He laughed quietly, the sound a child makes when amused. His fingers inched forward and felt, for the first time in his life, the coarse softness of a woman's pubic hair. Sue cried out for him to stop. "Frank! Stop this before it's too late! Do you realise what you are doing?" she cried. Frank looked up and carefully avoiding Sue's gaze he smiled childlike at the boys. His fingers moved across her pubis, his eyes following their progress, pausing to take some hair between his finger and his thumb, feeling the texture. "Frank..." Sue pleaded; but there was no stopping him now and his fingers moved across her pubic mound, revelling in the feel of her.
John watched him as he hesitated slightly, frightened to take the final step. "Go on boy," Andy said again, "She's open and waiting for you. Go on, touch her." Frank looked down between her open legs and the desire to know became too strong for him, over riding his fear of discovery and family disgrace and slowly, hesitantly, his finger slid down between her open legs and onto her waiting sex.
Sue stiffened and closed her eyes as Frank cautiously explored her moist lips. Andy leaned back pinning her free arm underneath him and took a breast in his hand, squeezing it to make her nipple push out. Sue glanced briefly at him but she was straining forward, trying to follow the progress of Franks hand between her legs. "It's cold," Frank said suddenly, holding up his finger, showing them the moisture on it.
"'It's cooled," John answered as though talking to a slightly backward child, "you need to warm her up again like we did. Put your finger inside her; get her going."
"No!" Sue said, trying to free her arms pushing against the restraining hands.
"Go on," John instructed, "open her up. You've seen us do it," he said. Frank hesitantly returned his fingers to the outside of her sex. Sue struggled as he slowly pushed his finger between the lips of her sex, watching with amazement as his finger gradually disappeared inside her.
"Take it easy," Andy quietly instructed Sue kneading the soft shape of her breast with his hand. "Everyone has to have a first time; and he is family, you should be pleased to let him have his first feel," he added as John took control of her other breast, his fingers capturing and rolling her nipple.
Frank leaned forward and taking hold of her lips with both hands he opened her up, leaning forward to inspect inside her like a car mechanic, all he needed was a spanner and a torch. Sue cringed at this workmanlike and insensitive handling. He ran his finger experimentally around the inside of her lips, watching in fascination as her soft and sensitive skin yielded to the pressure of his fingers. Sue gasped tried to move away from the rough touch but she was held firmly in place.
The boys just smiled as her discomfort became apparent. "Easy there Tiger," Andy said, "that's sensitive material you are handling there."
"Pure gold," John added quietly, beginning to regret inviting Frank to the party. Frank stopped and sat back, looking them like a child caught with his hand in sweetie bowl.
"Treat her with respect or you're out of here," Andy said.
"And without you're ten bob," John added. "Now," John said, leaning forward and placing his hand between Sue's legs, expertly opening her up with his fingers on either side of her sex, "Put your finger inside her. Gently!" he admonished as Frank lunged forward, eager to be off again. Sue gave a little moan of despair as she felt Franks finger at the entrance to her sex. She shook her head in denial as she felt him press forward, the walls of her vagina opening to accept the intruding and unwelcome digit.
Frank pushed softly until his finger slid slowly knuckle deep inside her. He looked at his hand in amazement; he could not believe that he was finally inside a woman. He looked at Sue and despite the disbelief and revulsion he saw in her face he needed no further urging to explore further and Sue began to squirm as his finger searched her hidden places, mapping out her sex.
As Frank pressed deeper inside her she was horrified to realise that her previous climax and the steady manipulation of her breasts and nipples had sensitised her to the movement of Frank's fingers in her sex. Perhaps that was what the boys had realised would happen, perhaps that was what they had intended. She could feel the first slight flood of moisture between her legs, lubricating Frank's finger, making his movements easier, more pleasurable for her. She was disgusted with herself to find that her head fell back and a small moan escaped her lips as the first warm sensations of pleasure began to wash up from between her open legs.
"She's enjoying it, you must be doing it right," Andy said with relish and Frank looked up, obviously pleased with himself and the praise he was receiving for them. "Use two fingers inside her, you won't hurt her," he instructed and Sue grunted softly as Frank inserted a second finger. He half withdrew them, marvelling at the warm, slick coating they had acquired. He pushed them back in and Sue stiffened and moaned again, "
You haven't hurt her," Andy said as Frank looked up in surprise, "she likes it. Do it again, only slowly this time." Frank withdrew his fingers again until his fingertips were just resting inside the lips of her sex, before pushing them back, all the way inside her. Sue tired to think of something else than what was happening to her, trying desperately to ignore the sensations that were being generated by the hands at her breasts and the fingers inside her.
"Again," Andy instructed, "keep doing it. Long, slow, steady strokes, now Frank. Nothing too hard or fierce, she's extremely delicate down there, you don't want to hurt her do you?" And Frank did as he was told, his fingers moving slowly and steadily in and out between the soft folds of her sex, his fingers turning gently, exploring inside her with every stroke.
"She's getting wetter," Frank offered, watching the moisture beginning to seep out around his fingers.
"You've got her started Lad," John laughed quietly, "Now you need to bring her to the boil."
"No, Please, don't ..." Sue said, her voice trailing off as Franks fingers sank deep inside her again.
"I don't think you mean that do you?" John asked as Andy leaned down and squeezing her breast he ran his tongue around the tip of her nipple. Sue closed her eyes as he suckled her deep into his mouth.
John leaned forward bringing his head closer to Franks. "Shall we bring her off then Frank? Make her cum?" Frank nodded. "Keep on doing what you're doing then," John told him and waited until Frank had resumed his rhythm between her legs. "Now watch carefully," he instructed and reaching forward he parted the lips of her sex, his other hand still working at her breast. Sue moaned. "I'm going to help you make her come," he said as Frank watched wide eyed.
"Now use three fingers inside her," Sue distantly heard him say and she felt him insert another finger inside her, stretching her lips as she opened to accommodate him. She groaned as the sensations radiated out from her sex, she could feel her lips stretching around Frank's fingers. Her breasts were on fire, growing rivers of flame connecting her nipples to her groin. She was beginning to have difficulty concentrating, her body beginning to dissolve under their combined attentions. "That's her clitoris," she dimly heard John say, his voice coming from a distance as though down a tunnel, "You stroke it like this and it'll make her cum.."
The rest was lost as sensation whited out all conscious thought. She bucked like a wild animal as his fingers found her clitoris. She cried out for help as she now willingly impaled herself on Frank's fingers, trying to force them deeper inside her as she rode them towards her climax, spiralling upwards, burning up, as the flames burned brighter. She arched herself in the final rigor of passion, only her shoulders and feet in touch with the car, she offered her body to her tormentors, offered her sex to Frank's fingers, every sinew strained to the limit.
And then she collapsed.
She slowly surfaced to the feeling of Frank's fingers still moving between her open legs; he was running them slowly up between her lips, spreading her juices out over her, matting her pubic hair, coating her skin. She could feel Andy still holding her breast, gently moving the nipple with his fingers; she was still floating on the high of her climax and she found their attentions comforting, almost solicitous. She opened her eyes to find the three men looking down her at her, "Time to get dressed our Kid," Andy said gently, "Terry'll be back in a minute."
Startled Sue pushed herself upright, dislodging the boys' hands. She hurriedly pulled her dress and slip down and looked around the car park, "Where is he?" she asked pulling the now useless slide from her hair and pushing her fingers through it.
"I think he's gone to the shop on the corner," John answered looking for the returning Uncle, "I think I saw him a minute ago."
"Where's my bag?" She asked frantically searching the seat around and behind her. Andy reached down and picked it up from where it had fallen on to the floor. Sue grabbed it and ripped it open, retrieving small mirror. With a groan of despair she began to sort her face and hair out. The boys began to straighten themselves up, tucking shirts into trousers and pulling collars straight.
"Go check it out Frank," John said tapping his shirt pocket containing the ten bob note, "earn your money."
Andy snorted, "I think he should be paying us after what he's just had." Sue looked up at him angrily and went to speak but then thought better of it and carried on tidying herself up.
"What do you want me to do?" Frank asked, immediately returning to his usual indecisive form.
"Go and see where your Dad is," Andy snapped, "and come and tell us when you see him coming back." Frank nodded and jumped out of the car, hesitated for moment as if unsure of his instructions and then walked quickly away and around the corner out of sight.
John sighed and sat back, "Bloody hell, he's turning into a bit of a mummy's boy isn't he?"
"Not much," Andy answered, "a real limp rag."
"But it's alright to let him loose on me?" Sue asked suddenly angry again.
Andy shrugged, "The boys got to learn sometime, thought it might make a man of him."
Sue balled her fist and hit him hard on the shoulder, "Bastard!" Andy held his arm where she had hit him and rolled in his seat pretending to be hurt, Sue burst out laughing and pushed him away as he tried to roil over onto her. In one movement he ran his hand up her leg and onto her sex, Sue yelped in surprise and fumbled under her dress trying to push his hand away, spilling her handbag again and scattering its contents on the floor. "Stop it'" she hissed as his fingers searched between her lips, looking for the entrance to her sex. "Terry'll be here in a minute!"
"Don't think so," John offered quickly reaching under her dress himself and pulling her hands away, leaving Andy free to work his fingers into her. Sue moaned as his fingers slipped inside her, her resolve immediately failing as he opened her again. "I made it up to get rid of young Frank there." John continued pushing her back a little to give Andy room between her legs, "Terry's probably still inside betting on the ponies." Sue groaned again as Andy worked his fingers deeper inside her, she lay further back and opened her legs, she knew by now that resistance with these two was futile and that they would take her regardless.
John held her hands together in front of her while he folded her dress back to her waist with his free hand. Andy moved her legs further apart and worked his fingers deeper inside her, "I'll never get tired of this view you know," he said watching his hand between her wide open legs, his fingers working their way into her sex.
"I don't think I can cum again," Sue said trying and failing to retain her composure a little,
Andy's fingers rotated slowly inside her causing her to cry out. "Are you sure?" Andy asked laughing as he watched her face as he inserted a third finger. She gasped and pressed back against him.
"Possibly, but we can," John said unbuckling his belt and unzipping his trousers. Sue watched as he quickly pulled up his shirt and pushed his trousers down his thighs. His penis sprang out already fully erect. He rolled towards her until it lay on her lower stomach, just above her pubic mound. He took her unresisting hand and wrapped it around his shaft. "Come on our Kid, it's only fair, how many times have we let you cum? Come on just a quickie off the wrist."
"How many times have you let me cum?" Sue said, adjusting her position as Andy's fingers began to dive her higher, "I don't remember having much say in any of this," she said, he voice trembling as Andy pressed home his advantage, "I've had my legs open since we met." Andy smiled, "And bloody lovely you've looked as well," he said. John's penis felt warm and solid in her hand. She rolled his foreskin back exposing the sensitive head, a small bead of pre-cum shone in the subdued sunlight in the car.
She pulled him forward slightly and lay his penis down flat against her tummy, she gently ran her hand up and down its length. "That feels nice," John said softly. Sue smiled, suddenly and inexplicably feeling very emotional, tears pricking at the back of her eyes,
"It does to me as well," she said, holding him close to her. Sue began to masturbate him, her hand wrapped gently around his shaft, a thumb and finger just under the ridge marking the beginning of the head. John grunted his approval. With his fingers moving inside her, beginning their own slow, steady rhythm Andy watched Sue's hand move up and down John's shaft.
"Me next," he said, unbuckling his belt.
"Bring it here," Sue said almost dreamily, holding out her hand towards Andy. Keeping his fingers inside her Andy pushed his trousers down and moved around so his erect penis was within her reach,
As she wrapped her hand around it Andy smiled, "A dick in each hand," he said, "Is worth a finger in your bush." He laughed at his own joke. "Take over John will you," he said, "I'm in the wrong position for this'" and he withdrew his fingers.
"With pleasure'" John answered and Sue stiffened and groaned as she felt John reverse his hand and insert his thumb deep inside her. Andy now rolled over and leaned closer until both dicks were facing each other, one either side of her stomach She slowly jacked them off in unison as John's thumb began to move inside her.
Andy pulled her dress up higher, out of the way of their dicks, eventually lifting it and her slip higher until it was above her breasts again. "I prefer the view when I can see it all," he said surveying the now near naked girl with obvious pleasure. Sue tried to smile but things were moving too fast, she continued to masturbate the two boys while John returned the compliment with his thumb. She speeded up her rhythm and suddenly John came first, spurting his semen onto her stomach. Sue continued to pump him until he held her hand, stopping her. She continued to hold him, her other hand still moving slowly up and down on Andy's dick.
John sat up a little and began to move his thumb deeper inside her, pushing harder, mimicking the movement of a penis. Then Andy came, his sperm shooting out to join John's on her stomach. Sue let go of both dicks and closed her eyes as John began to take her towards her climax. Andy took her hand and placed in on the sperm that covered her stomach, he rubbed her hand in small circles, smearing the sperm in to her skin and matting it in to her pubic hair.
Sue began to ride his thumb higher, her hips jerking up to meet each thrust, trying to force him deeper. Letting go her hand Andy reached under the fallen hem of her dress and found her breast, pushing her dress back up over her breasts until he could take her nipple into his mouth. As he sucked her nipple into his mouth he took her other nipple between his fingers and rolled it, hard, between his fingers. Sue began to come, her hips again rising up to meet John's thrusts. He buried his thumb deep inside her, his fingers digging into the soft flesh of her bottom, gripping her, as he tried to drive his thumb ever deeper.
And then she came, thrashing around on the back seat of Uncle Terry's car, nearly naked and held down again by two of her favourite cousins. She screamed her way almost silently through her climax, her voice taken by the passion, impaled on John's thumb, in the car park, behind the betting office, near the centre of town. It was in this unlikely venue, as she strained her legs wide apart and the sun beat down on the hot roof of the car, that Sue reached her first understanding of the joys of sex; and of herself.
Not the restrained 'missionary position for the last twenty years' type of sex that she was sure her parents had, the once a month 'pull my nightie down when you have finished' sex; but the sheer joy of pure uncomplicated sex. She thought of the boys, their hands upon her and her hands upon their dicks. They had taken her and stripped her, taken her clothes and opened her legs. They had used her in the most intimate way possible, far beyond what would be usually expected of family in any situation. And she had loved it, and would do it again given half the chance.
What she recognised as she lay there, cuming on John's thumb was that she loved it, loved the pure, simple, uncomplicated act of sex. And she loved being taken. What she had recognised, right from the start of her relatively short sex life, right from where her best friends had taken her in the woods just a short time ago, was her submissive side, her love of being taken, of being forced to sex, of being held open and looked at, of being desired.
Sitting quietly on the way back home, feeling her juices seeping into the soft leather of the seat, her knickers and tights stuffed into her bulging handbag, Sue had to keep on squeezing her legs together as the memories of her climaxes washed softly through her. She rested her chin on her arms on the back of the front seat and stared sightlessly through the windscreen. The boys had gone, dropped off in town, each one fondling her naked bottom as they chastely pecked her 'goodbye' on cheek.
Frank kept on stealing glances at her as Terry rabbited on, making up stories about why he had been so long. Her nipples ached and her sex felt abused, swollen and puffy, she could feel dried sperm on her skin. She sighed and sat back in the seat. She glanced down between her legs and noticed that the leather was darker, wet, where she had been sat. Grabbing her large floppy hat off the back parcel shelf she plopped it down on her lap, covering both the stain and her legs. She pulled her handbag closer, feeling the sudden bulk of her knickers and tights.
As if developing a life of its own her hand drifted under her hat and up beneath short hem of her dress, touching the soft skin of her thighs, slowly stealing higher until it touched the hard, sperm matted hair above her sex. She sat back as her fingers drifted slowly down between her legs. She sighed and her legs opened slightly as her fingers found the soft, puffy lips of her sex. Slowly and gently she opened herself up, catching her breath as her fingers slid like silk between her open lips, searching blindly for her softly sleeping clitoris. As her fingers beneath her dress, beneath her hat, stroked herself erect, she looked out of the side windows and as the sunlit world sped by she caught sight of her reflection; and as her fingers increased the rhythm between her legs she looked back into her own bright blue eyes and she smiled.