I was feeling very uncertain about my relationship with Sina. It was troubling to me that we did not have a sexually exclusive relationship. I needed to know how I stood with her. On Friday I took her to her favorite restaurant, ordered all of her favorite seafood dishes, and a bottle of wine. I had gone to the downtown jeweler and bought her the largest diamond on an engagement ring I could find. But I needed to know how I stood with her before I presented it to her.
As soon as the appetizers were brought out, I asked her where she saw our relationship going. She told me this.
"I love you and I want to be with you always, but I hope you can understand that I don't want a monogamous relationship. I will never cheat on you behind your back, but if we are to be together, you have to let me have sex with other people if we are both okay with them. If there is someone that you object to me being with, just let me know, but the night we spent with Felicia was so great for me and I hope it was great for you too."
"It was great for me." I admitted. "Seeing the look on your face after making love with Felicia was one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen. I want you to have that feeling."
"I'm so happy that you feel that way, but if I am going to have sex with others then you should too. It's only fair. The next time we're with Felicia, I want you to do more than just eat her pussy. Just promise me one thing. Don't cum inside another woman. If you're going to cum inside someone, I want it to always be me."
A wave of heat surged through my body as the thought of sinking my cock into Felicia's beautiful pussy with Sina watching came to mind. I felt the erection in my pants straining to burst free. Good thing it was hidden under the table. We ate for awhile in silence, but I was feeling reassured and so good. At the end of dinner, I got down on my knees and presented the ring. I knew from the look in her eyes that she was genuinely overjoyed.
She said, "yes."
I month later I was at my bachelor party. Tom, Larry Fey, Richard and I were all American Peace Corps volunteers who were all teaching on the island. Tom and I were roommates and Larry Fey and Richard were roommates who lived nearby. Larry Fey was openly gay, and Richard very straight, but the living arrangement worked well for them and they were very good friends.
The plan, as far as I knew, was just for the four of us to do some very serious drinking and that was the way things started out. After a couple of hours, there was a knock on the door. My best man, Tom, got a big smile on his face. He pulled out a blindfold and told me that we were going to play a game and he tied the blindfold over my eyes.
I heard the door open and close. Then I felt hands pulling my shirt over my head and unbuckling my pants. I heard my three friends howling and cheering encouragement to the new company. They guided me to stand up. They undressed me completely, and then I felt six soft warm hands running up and down all over my body. Hands rubbing my nipples, a finger running up and down the crevice of my ass, and fingertips running up the inside of my thighs sent an electrifying feeling through my body. By the time a hand reached my cock, it was already hard and throbbing. Then I heard Tom's voice announce that there was going to be a contest. Three women were going to suck my cock, one at a time, and then I had to pick the the most talented as the winner.
Without saying a word, the women guided me to sit down and spread my legs. I felt the first contestant lightly stroking my balls with her fingertips as a long, narrow tongue writhed across the shaft of my cock. The guys were very loud in their encouragement and I knew that the alcohol was flowing very freely now. A warm, wet mouth now covered the head of my cock and a small hand stroked up and down the shaft. I felt my stomach tighten, my balls pull up tight against my body, as a powerful urge to cum came over me. I wanted to cum so badly, but I had to resist the urge. When was I ever going to have another chance to have three women put my body in ecstasy? It was such sweet torture, and I endured. Tom called time and sent out contestant number two.
My cock pointing towards the ceiling. I felt precum dripping down it and the first thing she did was to lick it off. Her hands were larger, but just as soft and warm as she gently tugged on my balls with one hand as she stroked my wet shaft with the other. I had to fight to keep from cumming when her mouth started going up and down over the end of my cock. I had such a powerful urge to explosively blast semen into her mouth. But again, I endured.
When the third contestant started in, I knew immediately that it was Sina. The feel of her mouth and tongue, the way she touches me, and the incredible way that she makes me feel were all so familiar to me. Tom is a good friend, but I knew that he never could have put this event together. This was Sina, wanting me to have the best bachelor party that a man could have. And that's exactly what I was having. When she was finished, I felt the tongues of all three women at the same time sliding up and down my balls and shaft. I was finally able to let go, and I groaned loudly as spurt after spurt of semen erupted from my cock and splashed back down on my chest and stomach. There was a roar of applause as if I had just scored the winning touch down in a football game. I declared contestant three the winner of course.
The next day, my three groomsmen were wearing dark glasses in the church. I knew that their eyes were bloodshot and they were all hungover, but they were there for me. Sina came in wearing a white, wrap around skirt and a white, short sleeved blouse. Her hair was tied in a thick, long braid that hung down over her left shoulder. She had a big, red hibiscus flower in her hair, as she had the first day that I met her. I will never forget how beautiful she looked on that day. I felt myself to be the luckiest man in the world.
Sina never admitted to me that she had been at my bachelor's party. She told me that it wouldn't be appropriate for a bride-to-be to intrude. But I knew.