I woke as the sun streamed through the windows of my van. I'd spent the last few years converting it to my home on wheels. As I sat up and stretched, my blanket fell down to my waist revealing my bare chest to the morning light. The slight chill in the air caused my nipples to perk up alluringly. I slipped fully out from under the blanket, sliding the door open and stepping out into my campsite. Arms and legs spread wide I fully stretched out my muscles, back arched, toes digging into the soft earth, moaning softly in pleasure. A sight that would be pleasing if anyone had been there to see it as my fit, young body was bare from head to toe. Unfortunately, as I looked around the empty campground I realized I'd have to seek out an audience if I wanted one.
Pulling a spare blanket from a compartment I laid it across the picnic table provided for the lot. Setting my camera phone up on a tripod in the door of my van to capture the scene I then strutted into view, running my hands down my bare form with a coquettish smirk before climbing atop the table and slowly spreading my legs towards my future audience. My left hand cups my breast, massaging it for a few moments, before tweaking my excited nipple between my fingers. My right hand slides down, parting my lips to expose my aroused clit, fingers slowly working it and my moist slit expertly. I purr at first before my digits further excite me, leading to hitched breath and moans escalating in volume. My back arches as both hands slide down to work my moist hole, rock hard nipples pointed to the sky. My toes curl, gripping the edge of the table firmly as my orgasm builds expeditiously. After several minutes of edging I suddenly shudder, folding up on myself, as I climax forcibly. After a few minutes of heavy breathing I looked predatorily up at the camera through half lidded eyes, slowly licking my fingers clean, before offering a sultry wave goodbye. Moving over to check the result I smile and with a few minor edits, upload it to my OnlyFans.
Grabbing my toiletries bag I slip down to the nearby stream, washing myself slowly, the chilled water causing goosebumps to run down my body before the friction of my hands along my skin starts to build the warmth in my core back up. Before I can ravage myself again I move back to the van drying myself off with a towel before finally pulling just a sundress and sandals from the van and slipping them on.
Driving into a nearby town I stop at a local diner for breakfast. My waitress is young and cute - and clearly flustered by the flashes I give leaning forward and offering tantalizing looks down the front of my loose dress. I slip her a bill, leaving her a nice tip, and then wink at her. "Hon, this dress is the only thing I have on. If you want a good look you should take a break and meet me in the park across the street." I then stand and sashays out, the short hem of my dress barely keeping my modesty intact with all the movement.
I grab my book and find a secluded section just off the main path. Since it's a top free state I slide the straps off my shoulders, pushing my dress down to my waist and enjoy the warm sun bathing my breasts as I read my novel. Spotting my waitress wandering by I call her over, lowering my book in the process to reveal my bare bosoms and rigid nipples to her. The surprised look I receive grows as I pivot to face her head on, spreading my legs wide, exposing my pussy to her as well. "I thought you'd be enticed. Like what you see hon?"
The young waitress bites her lip, her eyes drinking in the seduction laid before her. "Oh, wow. Yes, very much so. You're not shy at all are you? What if someone else comes by?"
I laughed. "Hon I lost any modesty a long time ago. The only reason I wear anything is because I have to. You should try it. It's perfectly legal to get topless here."
The girl fingers the edge of her shirt thoughtfully but then shakes her head. "I'm not as brave as you, I'm sorry."
I shrug and we talk for a few minutes, my prey barely able to look up from the show presented to her. Finally I pull my straps back up and stand, giving her a hug and a relatively chaste kiss on the lips before parting ways. I drop my book off at my van before heading into a local small bookstore. The young bespectacled man there surreptitiously remains close to me, pretending to dust and reshelve books while watching me out of the corner of his eye. It could be because the bright light coming through the front windows made my thin dress all but transparent, revealing alluring curves and aroused nubs beneath. Or it could be because I seemed to constantly turn away from him, finding interesting books on lower shelves, as I spread my legs and lean over to inspect them - causing my short dress to ride up nearly to my waist and give him a full on view of my aroused slit. I'd often spend a minute or two "unknowingly" flashing him, before selecting one, standing up, and moving to another area. After teasing him for a good fifteen minutes, I decided to give him a reprieve paying for my purchases and leaving.
Next I stop at a vintage shop I often frequent when visiting the town. I greeted the proprietor warmly. "Hey hon, can you hold my books for me while I shop?"
After he graciously takes them from me and sets them safely behind the counter I smile lasciviously at him before reaching down, grabbing my dress, and whisking it over my head. Kicking off my sandals, I gather them up and hand over my only clothing to him. "Can you hold onto this as well? That way if I see anything I like I can just try it on." His eyes devour my body for a few moments as I do nothing to stop it, before taking my clothes from me and setting them beside the books.
I shiver softly in pleasure, basking in the feeling of vulnerability of being completely naked and separated from my attire. I wandered around, bending forward repeatedly with my legs splayed to offer him a view of my inflamed pussy. The juxtaposition of being completely uncovered in a shop full of clothing is enticing and he graciously takes multiple tantalizing photos of it on my phone for me to post later, as well as sending them to himself. I finally settle on several dresses I like and take them up to the counter. He tries to waive off my payment but I insist so he rings it up and hands me back my purchases. I spend several minutes more chatting with him, completely naked and easily visible to everyone walking by the large front window of his shop before suddenly "remembering" to ask for my clothes back. I slip my excuse for a dress back on then give him a kiss on the cheek as I exit. My nipples could cut diamonds and my thighs shine with juices as I stroll outside, the bright sun streaming through my diaphanous dress offering a scandalizing spectacle.
Slipping back into my van I drive across town to a small strip mall, parking in front of the gym there. All the businesses have closed for the night but as I approach the door it opens to a smiling redhead in workout clothes who lets me in. The owner shuts the door behind us, locking it, then wraps me in a tight hug as we share a slow, sensual kiss.
"Good to see you again Millie. I missed you."
My hands slide down, giving her ass a grope. "Same hon. Now get those clothes off." We giggled and quickly stripped down, discarding our clothes at the front desk and walking into the main room completely exposed. We spent the next hour working up a good sweat. First on the exercise bikes, our tits bouncing pleasurably. Then legs splaying wide repeatedly as we used one of the machines, offering enticing looks at our heated slits. Finally with a few laps in the pool, the cool water caressing our nude bodies luxuriously. My friend graciously takes multiple photos and videos of my dangling tits and spread legs during each session as well as when I walked around the normally crowded facility in the buff. The omnipresent mirrors on the wall highlighting the naughty adventure delectably. Between these images and the ones from the shop earlier I was sure to be able to fuel some fantasies in my followers, as well as some of my own.
Just as we climbed out of the pool we heard the front door open. Discarding our towels we two bare, buxom babes strutted towards the all glass front of the gym without a hint of shame, giving anyone outside that wanted a delightful sight. Standing in the foyer was the owner's husband who looked at the two of us disapprovingly. "I leave you two bad little girls alone for a few minutes and you lose all your clothes and modesty. I'm going to have to punish you. I think I'll start with you Millie."
We smile at the game and saunter up, quickly helping him undress. His wife again pulls out her phone to record her husband pushing me down to my knees in front of the window, grabbing two handfuls of my hair as my mouth envelopes him, a slow rhythm building up his desire. After several minutes of teasing him he grunts and lifts me up to my feet, turning me around as my hands reach out to splay against the cool window, tits thrust out towards the growing night, his foot kicking both my of mine apart to spread me wide open before bending me over and thrusting into my moist, yearning pussy from behind. His wife circles them, further recording as he thrusts inside me at a hard, brisk pace as I close my eyes and moan in wanton pleasure imagining a crowd forming outside to watch my degradation. Opening my eyes, looking back I began begging him to fill me with his seed. That final shameless display of need drives him over the edge as he thrusts fully inside me before emptying his balls.
The wife hands the still recording phone over to him as he pulls out, before dropping to her knees and greedily lapping at my gaping and used hole from behind. My forehead presses to the glass as my moans crescendo again, driving me over the edge. My body shudders, I rise up on my toes, biting my lip, and mewl as waves of pleasure wash over me. Through my closed eyes I again fantasize that a crowd stands just outside the thin glass, watching and recording my debasement. Lusting after me as I stand completely bare before them and let them witness my most private moment. After a minute to gather myself I turn, drop to my knees, and slowly clean off my friend's still erect husband with long, slow licks as I stare submissively up to the device capturing the finale of my lewd display.
After some soft kisses between the three of us and the couple sharing all they'd gathered with me, we shared a sensuous but subdued shower together before finally redressing. I hugged the couple goodbye and then set off in my van once again. A short while later I pulled into a farm on the outskirts of town whose owner I'd also befriended. In a scene reminiscent of that morning I set up camp under some trees not far from his house before stripping off and climbing into bed.
The next day a tapping on my door woke me up. Sauntering over I whisked the door open and graciously accepted the steaming mug of coffee he offered to me. He smiled over the brim of his cup as his eyes devoured the salacious display before him. I simply sat down on the floor of my van, legs stretched out into the cool grass, spreading them slowly for him. I made no effort to preserve my modesty as I displayed all of my bare form to his gaze. My eyes just observed him coyly as I sipped.
"You're such a little slut Millie. Breakfast is almost done, come up when you're ready."
I secure my things and shut the van, sauntering across his yard like the buck naked harlot I am. I continue to tease him throughout the meal, leaning forward to dangle my tits enticingly or sitting back and spreading my legs to wantonly display my pussy. Then with a feral look I dropped to my hands and knees, crawling under the table and between his legs. Looking up seductively while he films me I slowly pull his shorts to his ankles, baring his cock to my hungry gaze. I extend my tongue, licking him slowly from base to tip with a purr before opening my lips and engulfing him completely. I maintain eye contact as I slowly bob on his shaft, putting on a show for the camera, before I feel him start to tense. Pulling him out and aiming at my face I milk his stem until he finally shudders, erupting multiple times to coat my face and chest. I smile, using my fingers to scoop up several strands, cleaning them with my tongue before he ends the recording.
After cleaning his cock with my tongue and putting it away I bid him goodbye. I'm a scene as I strut bare assed and proud across his property to my van, nipples puffy, face and chest still shiny with his slowly drying seed. I decide to be naughty and slide behind the wheel still bare and marked to drive off to a nearby state park.
Pulling into the parking lot I see there's only a couple of other cars, but no one nearby. I debate for a few moments as I bask in the sun slipping through the windshield, my nipples tightening as they warm and my deviant mind debates. I decide to be naughty, grabbing a small backpack and stuffing my phone, water bottle, and dress inside. I slip out and lock the van, storing my keys in the bag before slinging it over my back. I cinch my hair into a ponytail with a tie then head high, chest out, and still gloriously naked I set off down one of the trails.
As I walk I enjoy the sun streaming through the leafy canopy above me. My mind wanders in fantasy. What if I'm caught? What if some couple comes across me. Maybe the wife forces her husband to punish me. Slipping me over his lap as he smacks my bare bottom before forcing me to my knees, grabbing my hair, and fucking my face like the little public slut I am? Or what if a pretty female park ranger discovers me? She might cuff my hands behind my back, leaving me completely exposed as she walks me through the park to her station, forcing me to sit there exhibited for anyone to take in my most private places against my will. Or perhaps she offers me a bargain, she'll let me go if I drop to my knees and use my tongue to pleasure her until she cums all over my face.
I shiver with a soft smile, my thighs slick with my arousal and nipples hard enough to cut diamonds. Coming around a bend I notice some benches set to look out over a vista below. I shrug off my backpack, taking out only my phone before tossing the bag behind a tree, then walk dozens of yards away, separating me from all avenues of escape and modesty. Setting my phone to record me from a distance I sit on a bench, scooting my butt forward to the edge, then spread my legs obscenely wide. Anyone coming up the trail in either direction would be able to see my debauchery clear as day.
My hands slowly start to tease my nipples. Light touches feathering across them to send shivers of pleasure down my spine. I flick the ends softly at first, then with increasing speed and pressure as soft moans escape my mouth. I look hungrily towards the camera lens facing me, in thrall to my rising desire and need. Both hands slide down, fingers entering me roughly as I gasp. I close my eyes and lose myself in fantasy again. I imagine a group of married men discovering me as I touch myself. They crowd around me, releasing their cocks and rubbing themselves as they watch me debase myself. My eyes look up to them, pleading, compelling them to degrade me further. One by one they crest, cumming on me, until finally I'm wearing only a sheen of sin and seed from head to toe.
This final thought is so wicked my body locks up, my fingers working faster inside me, toes curling into the earth, back arching as I propel over the edge. To my surprise I squirt a stream of my juices across the dry ground in front of me - once, twice, then a final time before I do a final shudder and collapse in on myself pulling my hands away from my overly sensitive slit.
After a few minutes of panting I look around, remembering where I am and almost disappointed no one saw it in person. Then looking towards my phone I offer a sultry smirk, cleaning my hands slowly with my tongue, before sauntering over and ending the recording. That one is surely to do well and after this trip I'll have enough content to last me for quite some time.
I allow myself to stand there in the clearing completely exposed and vulnerable before I spread my limbs in a wide stretch, rising up on my toes, adding to the enticing spectacle. Finally, I slip back over and retrieve my bag. Almost reluctantly I pull out my dress and slip it on before making my way back to the parking lot. Halfway I pass a young couple who only offer me a polite wave. If only they'd arrived 10 minutes earlier I think. Maybe I should have laid out for a nap on the bench and drifted off, putting myself at risk of discovery and punishment. I shivered as more naughty thoughts danced in my mind.
As it's approaching dinner time I drive to a local bar, slipping my sandals back on before sashaying in and hopping up on a high stool at the counter. Turning slightly to face the room I let my legs drift apart exposing myself to several nearby tables. The owner is behind the bar and chats me up, casually peeking down my dress as I lean forward attentively. His waitress, herself in a short skirt and low cut top which highlights her considerable chest, is obviously not wearing a bra as her nipples are clearly visible under the thin fabric. She slides up next to her, pad in hand. "You know you're giving half the bar a show right? I could see your pussy from across the room plain as day."
I smiled as her comment caused several unaware people to turn around and ogle my show. "I don't mind hon. It turns me on in fact."
The bartender has a twinkle in his eye as he says "Tell you what. A pretty girl is good for business. A pretty, naked girl is even better. You take off the dress and you can eat for free."
I pretend to consider it for a moment, then turn to the waitress. "You're not hiding much in that little shirt. You take it off and spend the rest of the night working topless and I'll do it."
She giggles at me. "You sure you're not working for this guy? He's been trying to get me naked since I started working here." She paused for a moment. "I guess it's his lucky night then." And with that she grabbed the bottom of her shirt, whisking it over her head and handing it over to her boss. Several patrons cheered so she smiled, raising her arms high and doing a spin to let them all take it in. She then turned back to me. "Your turn babe."
I hopped off the stool, pulling my dress up and over my head before also handing it to her boss. He took both garments and stuffed them below the bar, out of our reach, before I got back up on the stool to better display myself to the crowd. Our little show was a big hit. I enjoyed a leisurely meal and several drinks, flirting with the waitress anytime she came by while making sure to keep my legs parted towards the room.
Finally the owner closed down the bar and kicked out everyone but me. The waitress saunters up to me, holding out a thick wad of tips. "Not only was that my best night by far but I'm soaked. It was so hot. I can't wait to get home tonight and touch myself thinking about all my regulars who can now probably draw my tits from memory. I can't thank you enough for letting me live out a fantasy!" Impulsively she leans forward, wrapping me in an embrace, before with a nod from me our lips meet. Our hands roam over each other's back as we make out for a few minutes, her boss standing nearby just gawking at the sight.
Pulling back I raise an eyebrow impishly. "Why wait until tonight? If you let your boss film it I'll take care of you right here hon." Then I drop to my knees, my hands going to the clasp of her skirt. Looking up at her I raise an eyebrow. She bites her lip, then nods slowly. I quickly unhook it and slide her panties and skirt to the floor before standing, grabbing her ass and lifting her up on the bar. Handing my phone over to her boss he begins filming as I part her legs obscenely, then I lean forward, spreading my own legs wide to offer glimpses between, before my tongue flicks out and enters her.
She gasps, throwing her head back and grabbing my hair, holding on as my tongue quickly works over her inflamed core. Her cries increase in volume as she forgets everything but the pleasure I'm giving her before she shudders and folds in half, cumming hard with a keening whine. I lick her clean gently before turning towards her boss. Stalking over predatorily I take the phone from him and hand it back to the waitress. She starts to film as I drop to my knees, undoing his pants, then pushing them and his boxers to his ankles. Grabbing the erect rod presented before me I engulf it hungrily, bobbing on it as I look up at him. His eyes are almost pleading as he's close already from the pleasurable torture we've put him through. It's only a few moments before he grabs my shoulders and I deep throat him, letting the jets of seed shoot down my throat.
I lick my lips then bath his member with my tongue before covering him up again. I stand and look at the waitress. My hair is a mess, my thighs shiny with my juices, my nipples standing at attention. "Feel like returning the favor hon?"
She nods enthusiastically, quickly shoving the phone back at her boss as I hop up on the counter and part my legs. He lifts it up to record the final act of the night as she slips between my legs and begins licking me fervently. What she lacks in experience she makes up for in enthusiasm, to the point I'm not sure she's aware what a scene she's providing back to her boss - someone she'll have to keep working with every night - as well as being recorded to share beyond her control. The deviance of driving this young beauty mad with desire, causing her to shed her clothes and inhibitions so readily and debase herself before her boss and my subscribers drives me over the edge as my toes curl and for the second time today I squirt, coating the face of the surprised minx between my legs.
I slip on my dress and give them both a hug before walking out to my van on shaky legs. Waving back at them I'm greeted by the sight of the two of them in the doorway. I'm not sure if she doesn't realize or doesn't care that she's in the doorway of her workplace, visible to anyone around, wearing only her heels with her face slick from my juices. Regardless I lift my phone to snap a quick pic before slipping into my van and driving away.
After a few minutes on the highway I pull into a small rest stop. It's poorly lit and occupied only by a few other long haul trucks. Feeling impish I park next to a strand of trees, only a dozen yards from the bulk of the trucks. Shedding my dress and sandals again I pull out a hammock and step outside, stringing it between two nearby trees. I pull a thin blanket over me and drift off to sleep.
The warm sun of early morning wakes me. I smile and wave to the nearby truckers drinking from their portable thermoses before slipping out of the hammock, leaving the blanket behind, then turning to face them. I spread my arms up and legs wide, rising on my toes to stretch, pushing my bare chest towards them and allowing them to gawk at my nude form. I open the van, packing away my blanket and hammock before sauntering over with a cup and asking to share some coffee.
I slowly slip it, pretending I'm not totally exposed and vulnerable, much to their enjoyment. They ask for selfies and knowing their intent I instead share my OnlyFans handle with a wink - letting them know they'll find much better pictures on there. With a casual wave I strut back to my van. Slipping on only a pair of sunglasses I hop behind the wheel, tits on display, and motor off in search of my next adventure.
[[If you liked this and my other stories, please give it 5 stars and feel free to leave a comment or send a message.]]