It's a rock... in a stream. I'm looking right at the fucking painting. I see the rock. I see the stream. What I don't fucking see is a fucking metaphor for women's struggle against social inequity in 1880 France. It's a fucking rock in a stream.
My struggle in art appreciation is itself a representation of my first year of college. How do you study for a class that tries to tell you to 'see' the meaning behind a fucking rock in a stream? I'm Kelly and at 19 years old, am trying to figure out how the heck I'm going to continue beyond my first year of college.
Don't get me wrong I want to go on, but after coming to school on a partial scholarship it has been nothing but a struggle. The scholarship was nice, but what it didn't pay for was more than what it did. Rent, food, books, fees, and supplies were all uncovered. My parents sent me a small allowance to help fill the gap, but mostly I worked various jobs around campus, but this cut into my study time and so my grades suffered, which as the semester drew to a close put my scholarship at risk. So, I had quit my last job to focus on grades and spent next month's allowance from my parents on food.
As I had opened my mail my rosy situation got even better as I saw a notice about my overdue school charges and an increase in my room rent starting next month. Shit.
I was in a fucking mess. How was I going to pay fees, increased rent, and regular living expenses, while maintaining my grades? My parents did not have any more to send, especially now with Mom out of work. Again shit.
"Can you feel how the artist has made the rock appear to be on the verge of being overrun by the water? Every moment could be the last breath for this tiny stone surrounded on all sides by the relentless rush of society?" Professor Smith was saying as my mind snapped back to the present "Now for tonight's homework I want you to see something differently. Go and live differently!"
The last was drowned out in the rustle of bags and books and shifting of bodies as the small class ended and everyone, myself included, headed for the door.
Art appreciation was a required core class, but I have never been a deep thinker nor a rebel, so for me it was a constant frustration, besides it did nothing to get me any closer to solving my current financial problem. Outside the classroom there was however an announcement bulletin board, upon which various notices, requests, and other announcements were posted.
Pausing after class I one again scanned the cluttered board. This was frustrating as I had to scan and sift through the various old job listing, requests for a variety of study buddies, and of course the assorted furniture, textbooks, and cars for sale. There was nothing new. Shit still.
Turning away I almost bumped in a guy who smiled, and said, "Hey beautiful, need money check this out," and handed me a flyer before walking off.
The flyer was a photocopied sheet of paper which read:
Having money problems?
Need cash desperately?
Immediate opportunity for:
* Future adult movie stars
* Tremendous pay potential
* Privacy and safety guaranteed
Still not sure? Cash paid for just an interview, with no obligation beyond the initial interview.
Call xxx-xxx-xxxx to set up an anonymous appointment.
What the hell, who would ever call that number? Looking again at the sheet I crumpled it up and was about to throw it in the trash, when Professor Smith walked out of the classroom and almost into me. "Oh, I'm sorry" The small wiry haired professor said as she looked up sharply at me. " Kelly isn't it?"
Quickly slipping the wad of paper into a pocket I smiled and answered, "Yes ma'am, Art109".
Smiling the professor walked on reminding me "to live differently! "before disappearing down the hall.
Thinking again about that flyer I of course thought about sex. Like anyone I liked the sex. I had had up until now, but I was no professional or even a seriously experienced amateur. Being plain I had never captured the boys' attention. At 5'7" and 130 pounds I was of a generally average size. I was blond, which allowed me a little notice, but I cut a decidedly normal figure. Having played softball for a few years in junior high I had stood out for not standing out. My bust was there, but not large and my hips had curve, but just enough to tell anyone interested I was indeed a girl. I had only dated four very sexually inexperienced boys and never been a big party scene girl. All of which meant that while I might not be a virgin, I was not very experienced.
I had been dating since I was 16 and never was attracted to or sought by the suave and sexually experienced boys. I had eventually decided that women who found a good sexual partner, must just have an abundance of good luck. My luck rarely ran in that direction.
My first boyfriend was Billy, who was also 16 and I met during the summer of my sophomore year. He worked at the local pizza place with me. We went out a few times after work and he was nice enough, but just not my type. We lasted through the summer and into the start of my junior year, but I dumped him fast when I discovered he was bragging about me as his summer sexual conquest. That made me so made, as all we had stumbled through were a couple awkward hand jobs and one amazingly fast blowjob. The threat of revealing his speed and lack of equipment worked to kill any attempted post-break up sabotage. Strike one.
Tom followed during the spring of my junior year. He was my prom date for junior prom. We actually went on a couple dates before the prom, during which we engaged in some heavy petting, including a trip to third base, and a couple of blowjobs, which he lustily enjoyed. However, I knew he was not going to work out long term, when he refused to give me oral sex after the first time, claiming he was "just not into that." But I kept him since I really needed a date to prom. After the prom we took a limo to a local hotel room, both provided by his parents, and I had my first actual sexual experience. It was a night I have tried to forget, but it did lose me my virginity and apparently my second boyfriend. It seemed he had only wanted a trophy and the next day had dumped me for Wendy Wilson, daughter of the mayor and queen of the easy girls. It was never going to last. Strike two.
Boyfriend number three was Will, who a 24 was the oldest guy I ever dated. During the summer before my senior year I met him at a local coffee shop. He was so not a high school boy, that I fell instantly in love. His hair was long and often in a ponytail. He tended to wear torn-up jeans, t-shirts, and worn out sandals everywhere. My parents hated him instantly, so he was perfect. We dated all summer. I took every chance to hang out with him, as we drove around often in his yellow Ford Escort. Many a dark trip back to my house would involve a detour to a deserted road or parking lot. There we fooled around, with most nights ending with one or both of us partially naked in the back seat. He loved cumming in my mouth, but initially refused to return the oral sex. I resolved this by threatening to stop unless he reciprocated, which he reluctantly did giving little enjoyment on either side. I began to wonder about the whole oral sex thing with guys... what gives? The problem was solved however, when after an evening of smoking weed we had sex. The next couple of weeks found us half naked in the back seat of his car every night, but he only did missionary, which was painfully awkward in such a tiny back seat, but we managed as he never lasted very long. I ended it with him just before school started when I caught him fucking Sally Jones, he had forgotten he was meeting me that night. Strike three.
Steve was my last boyfriend. He and I had dated all the way through my senior year. He was my age and just a wonderfully sweet and caring guy. My parents loved him and still ask how he is doing. Sexually he was my best experience. We were inseparable until about four months ago, when he decided that he was gay. That kind of put a crimp in the whole dating thing, but I still consider him a friend. The sex with Steve had been okay. He enjoyed getting oral sex and tried hard to give back a version of oral sex. Maybe I should have known his preferences at that point, since he seemed clueless about my female anatomy and how to manipulate it properly. We had good sex, even if unimaginative. I had begun thinking other possible sexual positions after my time with Will, but Steve only wanted to have sex in a missionary position. No matter how I tried or positioned myself, we always ended up with me on my back, legs spread. He did have endurance on his side however and was even able to cum once recharge and cum again during sex. This was more of a foul than a strike, if I am still using softball metaphors.
During those years I did master one thing... masturbation. I had never managed to reach an orgasm during any of the boys' ministrations or during sex, so I learned to pleasure myself to reach an orgasm. That had been my constant relief during the past four months. I now relied exclusively on my five trusty friends to bring me whatever sexual relief I needed.
As I arrived back in my one-bedroom apartment I started to unload my stuff. As I dumped my keys and phone on the table, I noticed a waded-up piece of paper that had been in my pocket. The flyer. Flattening it out again I looked at it more closely.
Sex is not a big hang up with me. I had done it and it was a great way to be close with someone or to let off a little stress. But sex with a stranger, on camera, and for money was something way different, and something I had never even considered ever doing... that I was not ready to consider even now, I quickly added, putting the notice aside and pulling out my books. I had to get through this semester first.
Several weeks into the new semester I was sitting at home staring at the pile of notices in front of me. In the weeks since the end of last term I had used up every penny I had paying some of the fees and now had nothing left for the rent, which was already late. I was falling farther behind with each day of the new semester. Every job on the notice board had been filled and every source of extra cash had been tapped, and I was still way behind on my bills.
It didn't help that my grades had suffered during this time as well. I had managed to finish last term with a enough of a GPA to keep my scholarship, but now as I got more stressed I studied less, and as I studied less my grades fell. Finally, as my grades fell, I got even more depressed about the mounting pile of bills. The cycle was relentless. I was even eating less and less, since I had no money, having gone to the local food pantry for a handout. It was hopeless.
"AAARRRGGH!" I screamed and pushed everything from my counter on to the floor in a cascading avalanche of pens, paper, and books, then dropped my head to the newly cleared counter. Shit, shit, shit.
Lifting my head, I noticed a crumpled piece of paper sitting beside me. It was the flyer I had been given weeks ago. Eyes widening at the thought and refusing to even think I picked up my phone and dialed the number.
After a couple of rings a man's voice answered "Sea, Sun, and Snow Productions. This is Bill."
"I'm calling about the flyer?" I say quietly.
There was a pause on the other end, then he said "Ah yes. Well that is wonderful. My name is William Sharp, but my friends all call me Bill. I run the production company. Now normally I would ask your name, but I think we are better off without that added stress. So how about I call you Helen?"
I answer softly, but with rising strength "Okay. I like that. Thanks Bill."
"So, would you like some more information, or would you rather just come by for an interview Helen?" Bill asked.
"Um how much does the interview pay and what do I have to do?" I asked feeling more comfortable in this pseudo-anonymity.
"$500 cash and you don't have to do or commit to anything. I just want a chance to meet you and explain the opportunity. After that we can see what higher paying opportunities there might be for you or you can just leave and take the $500, no strings attached. Would you like to set up an appointment Helen?" Bill answered.
Without taking a moment to change my mind I agree to meet. "Great!" Bill replies "Let's get things set up. When are you available to meet?"
In a few minutes schedules were compared and a meeting for tomorrow at 6pm at his office was set. His office was a few miles away but should be within an easy drive of my apartment. Once that was completed Bill asked if he could get some general information about me, nothing identifiable, just a physical description. So, I give him my basic particulars: average height, average weight, brown eyes, and long straight blond hair. The call ended with an agreement to meet tomorrow.
Sleeping was a struggle. What the hell I am doing? Every instinct in my fine middle-class head is screaming that this is a bad idea, but I focus on the $500. I have class all day and the $500 remains my focus as I sit through one boring lecture after another. That $500 will pay part of my rent, maybe enough to keep me living there.
After class when I finally get back to my apartment it's 3pm. Looking at myself in the mirror I look like a college student. Sweatshirt on over a t-shirt, faded jeans, that are probably a little baggy around the knees, and a pair of worn tennis shoes. My hair is pulled back in a ponytail and my makeup is in the early morning minimal preferred by non-sorority girls everywhere. I need to get cleaned up and change.
The next hour is spent showering, shaving, plucking, pruning, and fixing me and my hair. Makeup takes another half hour and then I begin the search for clothes. My wardrobe is filled with sweatshirts, t-shirts, and a few pairs of jeans. Shit.
At 5:55 I arrive at the plain brick office building in an area filled with identical such buildings. The buildings around it are labeled as roofing, flooring, carpeting, and other types of office/warehouse businesses. My building has "Sea, Sun, and Snow Video Productions" in lettering across the top of the door, but no other signage. Opening the door a tall man in a pair of cargo pants and a polo shirt meets me in a small lobby area.
"Helen?" the voice from the phone says "I'm Bill Sharp. A pleasure to meet you." extending a hand to shake mine.
"Hi." I reply taking his hand. It is warm and firm, but not rough. Bill is older, maybe in his 40's and around 6', with a slight gut. His smile is friendly.
"I'm so glad you showed up. You would not believe the number of appointments that just never show up." Bill explained.
"I bet." I replied "but I could really use the money."
"Oh right. Sorry about that." Bill explained and then walking over to the desk he pulled out an envelope and handed it to me. "Here you go all $500. Now you can stay, and we can talk or you are free to go. Your choice."
"Really?" I say as I look at the five crisp new $100 dollar bills in the envelop and I am tempted to just turn and leave, but I stay. "I'd like to know more."
"Wonderful. Welcome to our production studio." Bill says then adds carefully "Do you know what we produce here?"
Actually, smiling at his hesitation, I answer "I'm guessing porn?"
Then with a smile he turns to begin the tour.
Beyond the front lobby/reception area there is a locked door that leads into another office area with a hallway that has a series of doors on either side leading far into the building. Walking down we pass a few open offices on either side, before reaching the first of a series of closed doors. Opening the first door, Bill shows an office setup. It looks like a standard lawyer or professional office with a large wooden desk, chairs, file cabinets, and bookshelves covered in various materials. It actually looks much more professional and business like than the ones we had just passed in the hallway.
Closing that door, he opens the next one, which is set up like a doctor's examining room. There are a series of vital sign monitors and a full size hospital bed. The walls are even painted that putrid pale green, so popular in hospitals.
Each door reveals a new place. There is a school classroom, three different living room and bedroom setups, a bathroom, a garage, with a cutaway car inside, two kitchen setups, and a few other more generic setups.
"We're also constructing a porch setup with a hot tub, that one should be done by this weekend." Bill says as he opens another door, which is filled with lumber and tarps. "But we are having some design issues, so hard to say."
Further down the hallway he takes me into a backstage area, where costumes and makeup stands are setup, along with partitioned areas for changing, and several bathrooms with showers.
In the last room he shows me, there are racks filled with cameras and other electronic equipment. "This is the storage room for our camera's and the other magic machines we use here." Bill said as he pointed to the carefully organized racks, then we exit through a back door into the first 'real' office that we passed on the tour.
Sitting down on the couch and motioning the seat next to him Bill sits down. I follow and turn slightly to look at him. "Okay so you have your money and could have left, but you didn't... why?" Bill asks seriously.
I sit and think for a moment looking at the wall beside us, before answering, "I really need the money."
"You know we make pornographic movies here and that what you will be doing is acting in them, mostly naked." Bill asks and I nod. "and you are still interested?" and I nod again.
A moment passes as Bill looks at me then he pulls out his wallet and takes out another $500 dollars. "Here, take this. No strings attached." Reaching out I take the money.
"Why?" I ask as I tuck the bills into the envelope.
"Helen I like you. I like the fact that you showed up today, but I want you to be sure that you want to do this and not just for a few quick bucks. You have the potential to make much more, but I want you to choose that." Bill said with a quiet steady tone.
"I want to." I answer with more strength than I feel, but I am also looking right at him.
Smiling Bill reaches out and takes my hand "Once you start, you may never go back." He says as he stares at my face ", So Helen, let's start with something easy... Just a few questions between us, what's your real name and how old are you?"
"I'm Kelly King and I am 19 years old." I answer.
"Okay Kelly, I'm going to continue to call you Helen while you're here just to make sure no one else stumbles onto your real name. Now I would like to ask you a longer series of personal questions in front of a camera to see how you do. Are you okay with that?" Once again, I nod.
In a few minutes Bill has setup a camera and a microphone in front of the couch where I am sitting and while standing behind the camera says "Ready?"
When I reply yes a small red light turns on atop the camera and Bill begins to ask a series of specific questions:
"Have you ever had sex?" Answer: - "Yes"
"Have you ever given oral sex to a man?" - "Yes"
"Have you received oral sex from a man?" - "Yes"
"Have you ever given oral sex to a woman?" - "No"
"Have you received oral sex from a woman?" - "No"
"Have you ever had anal sex?" - "No"
"Oh, why not?" - "kind of scared to try it"
"Do you prefer to have sex with or without a condom?" - "With"
"Just for clarification" he begins "we pay $1,000 an hour, with a one hour minimum and 2 hour maximum per day, for sex on camera with a condom, but the pay for unprotected is $2,000 an hour, with the same limits. People just prefer that, and we sell a lot more of those movies."
I think about it a moment and realize I could really use the extra money. "I have never had sex without a condom." I finally answer.
"Well," Bill starts "we could have the actor pull out, which qualifies for the unprotected rate, but is not as risky."
I agree to that as I tell him that I am a little nervous about protection. I don't say that I am currently not on birth control, since that is one of those expenses that I cut, since I also was not dating.
"Okay Helen," Bill begins "now is the important question. Are you ready to start today? I have a nearby actor ready to do a single scene with you, if you are interested?"
I debate about it for a few minutes, but $2,000 dollars would go a long way towards my bills, so I decide to do it.
Bill leaves and when he returns, we move to the first living room setup and he directs me to sit on the couch while he arranges and adjusts the lights and camera. Once he is set Bill looks as me and says "Okay when I say 'one' start to take off your clothes. I will be filming the entire time. Ready?" I nod and he begins a countdown from three, at one the red light comes on and I begin to undress.
Shoes, socks, sweatshirt, and jeans all come off easily and soon I am standing in front of the couch in only a pair of bikini briefs and my old bra. Bill is motioning me to continue with a rolling of his hand, so I reach back and unfasten the bra, taking it off, while covering my breasts. The red light goes off.
"Okay Helen that was great, but we need to get you completely naked." Bill explains. I look at him, at this strange man who I am now almost naked in front of and think about all the times I have been naked around other people. What is so different? Yes, there is a camera and the old guy, but I am also getting paid. Staring at Bill I nod my head and with a smile he begins a new count down.
On one I pause a moment, then I sit back on the couch and lifting my hips slide my panties off my hips and then down my legs, finally lifting them up and dropping them on the pile of my other clothes. The light goes off and Bill looks up smiling.
"That was great!" He exclaims "You are an absolute natural on camera."
Sitting on the couch naked I do not feel like a 'natural' I feel like a frightened little girl, but that is only on the inside, outside I am trying very hard to project a cool and comfortable image, so I lounge back on the couch. Bill comes over and sits down next to me... I tense slightly.
"Helen," he begins "Are you ready to show the camera a little more? May I?" As he talks Bill reaches out and when I nod, he touches my nipple. It is already rock hard, and I can feel the goose bumps radiate away from his touch. I nod that I am ready.
"Good" he continues "When I start try to relax and touch yourself, breasts first" he says as he strokes my nipple. "Then down lower" he says as his finger slides under my tit and down my stomach "until you can slowly part your legs for the camera." As he says this, he runs his finger down over my bare pubic bone and as I open my legs slightly, down to my smoothly shaved pussy. "Then start playing with yourself a little, just relax and let the moment flow. I'll give you a hand signal count down before I stop with a three, two, one." He finishes showing his fingers counting down. I can't help but notice that his other hand is still lightly touching me.
As he settles behind the camera once more, he begins the count down and at one I move a hand to my breast. Massaging gently, I stare down at myself as I roll the already hard nipple between my finger and thumb. Whether it is the camera, or Bill, or just the whole strange situation I am actually beginning to get a little warm. Without much thought I move my other hand down and begin to rub my clit with my two fingers. Lost in the moment I suddenly looking up, seeing Bill start the count down.
"That was amazing Helen." Bill says with a slight shake in his voice. "Let's not lose the moment though, this is Adam," he adds, and I notice the new man standing naked off to the side of the couch. The guy is about 30, with close cut brown hair and a lithe runners body. He is also naked. Which lets me see that he is also completely shaved, with a normal sized cock sticking straight out in front of him. "Helen you said you had had oral sex performed on you correct?" I nod "Good. Adam get into position between her legs with your back to the camera. Helen just relax and let the moment go, I'll handle the camera, you just enjoy the moment... and action."
As the red light goes on Adam walks over and sliding his hand over my knee kneels before me. He looks up at me as with a hand on the inside of each of my thighs he parts them. His face, which is of course hidden from the camera, smiles at me and then he winks as with a mischievous grin he lowers his head. I jump, wide eyed, as his tongue touches me. It soon begins to move and explore.
I may have had oral sex before, but this was something completely different. This was not the crude lapping of a boy; this was the experienced caressing of a master. This actually fit a long pretentious word like 'cunnilingus'. His lips and tongue slipped and twirled and gripped me in ways I had never imagined. In a moment the camera and room were forgotten as the magic continued. Then It hit me, unexpected, unplanned and unrestrained... a climax for the ages. Shuddering and convulsing I grabbed Adam's head pulling him tight and holding him there, as waves of pure pleasure raced over me. This was amazing. Home fucking run!
As my head began to clear I could see that Adam had stood and was holding his cock just to the side of the couch. Without hesitation I sat up and wrapped my lips around him. He is no bigger than Will, so he easily slides into my mouth. My tongue is rolling around him as I hold his ass and bob my head furiously. He is shaven so there is none of the scratchy hair in my face and there is a slight scent of wood or leather. He smells great and I am so caught up in the moment that I resist slightly as he pushes my head away. But I see what he is doing and lean back on the couch opening my legs.
The penetration is smooth and his strokes easy. He is leaning over me and I can see his chest is also smooth, and he is staring at me. Fuck he is kind of cute too, so I reach up and pull his lips to mine, kissing him, forgetting and not caring that he is wet from me. He responds to my kiss and yet never misses a beat as he continues to slide in and out of me. I'm feeling another wave of orgasm washing over me as he pounds harder before stopping deep inside me. I can feel him cumming in me. I can feel each jet of... fucking hell!
"What the hell!?" I exclaim as I push Adam away and out of me. A last dribble of cum falling from his cock. "You said he'd cum fucking outside of me!" I cursed as I looked between my legs to see a slight a stream of cum leaking out. "Shit!" I curse again as look up at Bill and the camera.
Bill steps out "I am so sorry, I forgot to tell Adam." Bill pleads "It should be fine though; everything will be okay."
"Fine! What the hell. The last fucking thing I need now is to get pregnant." I yell at the man as I begin to grab my clothes into a bundle in my arms.
"It should be okay Adam can't have kids, he had a vasectomy already, so you should be fine. It'll be okay." Bill continues as he sits on the couch next to me and tries to sooth me. "Why don't you go into the restroom and get dressed and we can talk after you've had a chance to calm down." Bill says in a soothing tone as he points at the dressing room door.
"Shit." I mutter again as I head out of the room. I barely notice the red light on the camera is still glowing.
After a shower and a few minutes to collect myself I return to the living room setup, now empty of camera and lights, and find Bill and Adam, now dressed, sitting quietly talking on the couch. Both smile as I enter the room.
"Ah wonderful. Helen you looked amazing on camera." Bill says as he stands to meet me "Oh and by the way this is Adam, since you were not properly introduced earlier." Bill says as Adam stands and extends his hand.
"Nice to meet you Helen." Adam's voice is smooth and soft. His brown eyes are soft and standing there in jeans and a t-shirt he looks absolutely adorable. I feel the last of my aggravation fade.
"Nice to actually meet you too." I say as I shake his hand "Sorry about all that."
Before long we are all talking about life and the movies. Adam is a classic movie junky, who graduated with a degree in art and a minor in political science. Eventually he even admits that the rock in the painting was probably put there to cover a flaw in the canvas or a mistake by the artist.
"Fuck you Professor Smith" I yell as both men look at me strangely. "Oh, it was a school thing." I reply sheepishly.
After Adam leaves Bill hands, me another envelope with $2,000 is cash inside. "You were great today." He starts. "If you are interested in doing more movies please call me. You have a natural talent and I can see great things for you if you decide you are willing. But for now, take this and go get your life in order."
"Thanks" I reply taking the envelope and putting it in my pocket with the other one. "It was actually not as bad as I feared, a little less exotic than I expected, but not bad at all."
"I didn't want to shock you, so I started slow. Call me again and I will make sure the next time is not so tame." Bill answered with a big smile on his face.