(Author note: This was originally posted under a former pen name of Gert_Boekbinder. Editing kindly provided by EditingAlix.)
My breathing was shallow, and my heart was beating fast -- much faster than it should be for someone standing still. I felt like my body was covered in sweat, although the shower I had taken five minutes ago had made sure that it couldn't be the case. I felt a pressure on my hand. Caroline had reached out and was holding my hand in hers.
"Nervous." It was both statement and question.
"Absolutely," I replied. "I honestly can't believe I said yes to this.
She smiled at me, although I could see in her eyes she was nowhere near as calm as she was pretending to be. "It will be fine. I've seen these happen a few times. After a couple of minutes, you forget you've got an audience. Just follow my lead and do what feels natural."
We stood side by side, stage right of Black Cats, a burlesque club that took on a much more intimate character after-hours. Out on stage in front of us a couple of stage-hands were clearing the debris of the previous act -- underwear, feathers, streaks of lube and in centre stage, a puddle of semen.
The previous act was much more elaborate than what we would do. A raven-haired woman with a set of black angel wings had started by giving a lap-dance to an Adonis-like black man, before dropping all pretences and straddling him. The audience had been treated to fifteen minutes of the woman acrobatically fucking the seated hunk. When his groans were starting to reach a crescendo, she quickly dismounted and vigorously worked his shaft with her hand. With a long guttural moan, he erupted. His cum streaked across his partner's chest and the stage.
Sensing an opportunity, the woman grabbed one of the rear chair legs and pulled, tipping the man face-first into his seed. The angel gently placed her hand on the male's head and tenderly rubbed his face into his own discharge. She then held his head and invited the audience to come and sample it. Several, male and female alike, took her up on the offer, stepping forward and licking the cum from the obedient man's face.
Caroline assured me that that wouldn't happen with us, but I remained unconvinced. Black Cats had a reputation where audience interaction wasn't actively encouraged but was certainly tolerated.
The wreckage from the previous performance had been cleared from the stage, to be replaced by a pile of cushions and blankets. Stage left, hidden by the velvet curtains, the compère gestured with an open palm.
The time had come.
For a moment, I felt an animal fear. The fear of being exposed, the fear of performing an intimate act for an audience of complete strangers. My instincts screamed at me to run, but my conscious mind forced my feet to stay where they were. Caroline squeezed by hand.
"Remember the safe-word," she winked, and stuck her tongue out, "but I don't think you're gonna need it. I think you're going to surprise yourself."
She leant forward and kissed me, her tongue forcing its way into my mouth, before breaking off and leading me forward.
I felt the heat of the lights as soon as I stood on the stage. Although they felt dim when watching from the audience or the wings, light and heat flooded the stage. I felt oddly relieved that soon I'd be able to shrug off the robe. I might be exposing myself to an audience of twenty horny strangers, but at least I'd be slightly cooler. As Caroline half lead, half dragged me to the blankets that comprised our 'bed', I noticed that, thanks to the god forsaken lights, I could only really see the five people sat closest to the stage. The others were lost in the gloom beyond. If I can't see them, I thought, I can forget they're there.
We reached the centre of the stage and turned to face the audience. A polite applause rippled through the unseen crowd beyond. Caroline licked her lips and did a demure curtsy before gesturing towards me. I felt twenty sets of eyes focussed on me.
Caroline pulled the cord keeping the robe closed with one hand, and with the other, grabbed the collar and pulled it down. I was exposed to the audience. I'm an averagely built man. I go to the gym and try to eat right, but I am far from ripped. Caroline had insisted on waxing my pubes and underarm hair but had let me keep a small patch of dark chest hair. Again, my dick is strictly average, a good 6" hard but less impressive soft. In total, a decent package. Not the best. Certainly not the worst. As I stood there naked, the applause intensified. Whether out of politeness or genuine excitement, I couldn't say. Stood there in all my glory, I felt a twitch in my penis as adrenaline coursed through me and my blood started to flow.
The applause intensified further as Caroline removed her robe. I couldn't blame them; she looked amazing. She has a pleasingly full size 14 figure with C cup tits and sturdy ass. Her shoulder length auburn hair was professionally messy, and a single silver stud decorated her nose. Like myself, her crotch was completely bald. As I surveyed her from head to toe, I lingered over my favourite part of her -- her little belly that slightly bulged out.
The applause died down, and without further ado, the performance began. Caroline turned and pulled me towards her. Her mouth locked with mine and her tongue invaded. As if on autopilot, I reciprocated. Our tongues fought to explore each other's mouth. I felt her hands slowly run up and down my body. She gently touched my chest and my arms. Following her lead, I slowly began feeling hers. I ran down her body from shoulder to tits to her belly. Her roving hands finally settled. Her right grabbed my ass cheek. Her left traced a line down the shaft of my dick, and gently squeezed. Despite feeling the many eyes of our audience, my dick began to harden. Caroline pulled away from me and stared straight into my eyes. A slight smile was on her lips. My hardening cock told her she was right; I wouldn't need the safe-word.
Caroline lowered herself to her knees. With a quick glance towards the crowd, she began to softly kiss my penis -- gentle little kisses that slowly moved up and down my shaft and lingered on the head. Her free hand rose and cupped my balls.
With Caroline on her knees in front of me, I became keenly aware of the audience watching us. Directly in my line of sight sat a couple sharing a love seat. The woman, a slim blonde wearing a skimpy black number that showed a lot of cleavage, was intently watching Caroline kiss and lick my now fully erect cock. Her mouth hung slightly open, her breathing heavy. Her left hand sat in her lap while her right was reaching out and gripping the calf of the man next to her.
The man was immaculately groomed with artfully tousled black hair, designer stubble and a tight black shirt. Unlike the Blonde, his attention was solely on me. Our eyes met and locked. In normal life, making eye contact would cause me to look away in embarrassment. But then, completely naked on a stage, with a beautiful woman nursing my cock, I felt a strange confidence. I stared directly into the man's eyes. I felt a smirk form on my lips. The Man-in-Black smirked back.
Without warning Caroline stopped kissing my dick and took it into her mouth, warm and wet. Her rhythm was slow, but forceful. I let out an involuntary groan as she sucked me. The Man-in-Black bit his lip and for a moment, his gaze wandered down to the head bobbing up and down on my member. The Blonde was still staring, although now her hand was slowly rubbing her pussy through the fabric.
It was a strange sensation, and unlike anything I had felt before in my sexual life. On that stage, with my cock slowly fucking Caroline's mouth, I was completely naked and vulnerable. Twenty sets of eyes were focused on me, analysing every aspect of my physical form. From the spot of cellulite on my rear to the mole on my inner thigh -- all of it was exposed to a group of strangers.
And yet.... and yet.
I felt powerful. By capturing their attention with my vulnerability, I had the control in the room. All eyes were on me and were desperate to see what would happen next. My dick was the hardest it had ever been, and I felt a shiver of pleasure run down my spine.
Caroline took her mouth from my cock and rose to her feet. She grabbed me by the hair and pulled me to her neck.
"Having fun?" she whispered as I kissed her neck.
"Yeah," I murmured between kisses.
"Thought you would. Now it's my turn."
With her hand still on my hair, she pulled my head from her neck. With the other, she pushed down on my shoulder. Taking the hint, I sunk to my knees and rolled onto my back upon the blankets that had been prepared for us. My feet faced the audience and my cock thrust up obscenely. Looking down, I noticed a glob of pre-cum on the head mixing with the traces of Caroline's saliva and lipstick. Caroline stepped over me and with a foot either side of my head, grabbed her tits and squeezed. She looked out over the audience, staring at those she could see through the gloom.
Her gaze settled on the Man-in-Black and the Blonde. With great drama, Caroline took her hand and rubbed a finger along the slit of her bald pussy. She slowly worked her finger into her snatch and began to pleasure herself. Both the Blonde and Man-in-Black were staring intently at Caroline as she masturbated. The Blonde's hand was still in her crotch, working it with increased intensity. From my prone position, I had an incredible view as Caroline's fingers frigged her clit. Her folds were moist, and I felt a powerful urge to grab her legs and taste her. I resisted though. She clearly wanted a moment to enjoy the same sense of vulnerability and power that I had. To enjoy the sensation of the crowd hungry for her body and desperate for her to debase herself for their benefit.
Caroline took her finger out her pussy and slowly put it in her mouth where she sucked her honey from it. I heard a small groan escape from her as she tasted herself.
Without warning, Caroline moved from above me to the side of the stage right in front of the couple. The Blonde leaned forward as Caroline worked her finger into her pussy again. With great drama she pulled it out and proffered it to the woman. The Blonde was taken aback and glanced towards the Man-in-Black. He gave a slight nod, and slowly, the woman lowered her mouth onto the proffered digit. Her eyes fluttered as she tasted my wife's pussy. Caroline slowly pulled her finger from the woman's thirsty mouth, winked, blew her a kiss and returned to her previous position astride my head. Back in the audience, the Blonde turned and smiled at the Man-in-Black before reaching around and starting to undo her dress.
Back in position, Caroline lowered herself to her knees and her pussy pressed itself to my mouth. I hooked my arms around her thighs and went to work licking her pussy. Above, I heard Caroline sigh as my tongue found her clit. Her gorgeous backside filled my vision and the outside world, including our watchers, disappeared. All that existed for me at that point was Caroline's pussy, her essence leaking from her onto my face, and my throbbing dick.
As I lay prone, world obscured by a perfect ass, my mind wondered what the scene must look like to the crowd. An auburn-haired sex goddess, straddling her partner's face, writhing and moaning while he lapped at her, her hands alternately grabbing her tits and hair, desperate for something to squeeze and pull. Before her, her partner's dick thrust in the air, hard as a rock and desperate for sensation.
Above me, I felt Caroline's position shift and then a hand grabbing my cock. An involuntary grunt escaped my lips; I couldn't think of a time when I had been more turned on. The hand started to pump me, but only fast enough to keep me hard. I bucked my hips to try and speed up the hand fucking, but it remained resolute. It was wonderful and terrible.
Although Caroline's thighs were pressed against my head, I could just about make out some noise. Aside from Caroline's moans above me, I could barely distinguish other sounds. There was a low murmur punctuated by an occasional moan or giggle. A male voice suddenly groaned -- a sound I recognised from my own climaxes. The thought that others were cumming while watching us -- watching me -- sent another electric shock through me. My ministrations to Caroline's clit sped up.
Caroline's grip on my dick got tighter, her moaning got more guttural, and her thighs began to squeeze my head. With a sudden gasp, she came on my tongue. She shook with pleasure and let out a long cry. After taking a moment to regain her composure, Caroline rose from my mouth and knelt to one side of my head. Pausing to adjust to the sudden brightness from the spotlights, I raised myself to my elbows and looked at our audience.
Those I could see had obviously enjoyed our show so far. A couple to our left had their hands in each other's trousers. A lone male directly in front of us was completely naked and slowly jacking himself off while he stared at Caroline's tits. Slightly to his right, another couple were fucking in a reverse cowgirl position, the woman naked from the waist down and sat on her lover's lap. His cock was buried in her pussy and his hands had reached around to squeeze her heavy tits through her blouse.
I glanced to my right to look at the couple who had captured both mine and Caroline's attention. I was speechless. The Blonde stood against the stage facing us. She gripped the side of the stage, tits hanging above the boards. The Man-in-Black was behind her, hands on her hips and slowly fucking her. The surprise of having two people fucking so close to me must have shown on my face as the Blonde grinned at me. Her lover behind her had his eyes closed in bliss as he slowly thrust his manhood into his partner's cunt.
From her kneeling position next to my head, Caroline leant down and kissed me again. Her tongue wrestled with mine, the taste of her pussy passing from my mouth to hers. Enough was enough. I needed to fuck her.
I rose from my prostrate position, took Caroline into my arms and kissed her. The kisses were hungry and aggressive, but she responded in kind. I broke the kiss and stared deep into her eyes.
"On your knees," I grunted. Not a question. Not a suggestion. A command.
Caroline rolled to her front and rose to her hands and knees. Her face was a couple of feet at most from the couple who had eye-fucked us earlier and were now literally fucking against the stage. The Blonde stared deeply into Caroline's eyes, her breathing ragged and raw. Behind her, the Man-in-Black's gaze drifted from Caroline to me and back.
I got to my knees and positioned myself behind Caroline's milky white ass. My cock was perfectly in line with her pussy. From my position, I could see how wet and slick she was. I needed to be balls deep inside her, but I resisted the urge and paused to enjoy the moment.
The couple whose hands had been in each other's trousers were now naked and fucking. Despite the intimacy of the act they were performing with each other, they only had eyes for Caroline and me. The lone male who had been masturbating was still going. As my eyes locked with his, he came. His face contorted with pleasure, and seed sprayed upon his naked torso. The couple who had been fucking cowgirl-style was still going. The woman's eyes had turned heavenward, and her mouth was locked in an 'O' of carnal pleasure.
And finally, dead ahead of us were the couple who had captured both Caroline's and my attentions. The Blonde was still laser-focussed on Caroline, while behind her, the Man-in-Black filled her pussy with his length. His eyes locked with mine. That was the cue.
With one swift movement, I pushed forward. My cock sunk deep inside Caroline. The sensation was incredible. I had never felt her pussy like this -- she was practically dripping onto the stage. I half moaned, half snarled as I thrust into her. My eyes remained locked with Man-in-Black. He grunted in sympathy with me.
I started to screw Caroline. Not with the tenderness of our normal intercourse. This was a carnal experience. Not lovemaking but fucking. My dick slammed into her soft folds. With each thrust, I forced my dick into her from the tip of the head to the base of my shaft. I needed every inch of my dick to be inside her. The thrill of being on stage had driven me wild. I wanted every single one of our twenty observers to see me satisfy myself in Caroline's cunt.
Below me, a panting Caroline was still gazing into the Blonde's eyes. The Man-in-Black behind her, my counter-part in the synchronous fucking, had started to match my pace. The Blonde started to release a high-pitched cry. Her eyes rolled skyward, and an orgasm racked her body. Caroline had clearly formed some kind of odd connection with her. As the Blonde noisily came, Caroline's cunt clamped down on my member. Caroline threw her hair back and screamed with orgasmic pleasure. Her scream was long and loud, and once she was finished, her elbows started to shake from the exhaustion of the climax. She gently eased herself down. The change in position opened her vagina up even more, allowing me to plunge ever deeper into her.
The Blonde directly facing her was slumped forward, her entire top half resting on the stage. Her hand snuck out and grabbed Caroline's. Their fingers intertwined and gripped each other.
Although Caroline was satisfied and clearly spent, I wasn't. And neither was my opposite number facing me. I carried on fucking Caroline, her cunt taking me deeper and deeper inside her. Opposite me, the Man-in-Black matched my pace and nodded at me. He wanted us to climax in stereo, just like the women did. I nodded back at him. Even now I can't explain the connection we had forged with each other.
Below me, Caroline whimpered as I plunged into her vagina. She quietly whispered encouragement as I satisfied myself in her. Soon, I felt my balls tighten and I knew that I was close to cumming. Man-in-Black was close as well. The light sheen of sweat covered his torso as he fucked the bedraggled woman half collapsed on the stage.
"I'm going to come," I moaned at him -- the first words to pass between he and I.
"Do it!" he responded.
As if at his command, I erupted inside Caroline. What seemed like every ounce of cum I had gushed from my cock into her welcoming cunt. I roared into the air as it did. The force of my climax set off a chain reaction in Caroline. Once again, her cunt squeezed my dick, and she emitted a plaintive cry as an orgasm shot through her body.
The Man-in-Black, at the sound of my ecstatic roar, pulled his dick out of his partner's pussy and pistoned it as hard as he could. It erupted in a shower of semen that arced up his partners back and onto the floorboards of the stage.
Completely spent from the performance, I toppled over onto my back. Above me the stage lights blinded my vision. There was a moment's silence, and then all I could hear was applause. I was exhausted, hot, sticky and sweaty. But despite all that, I knew this wouldn't be my last time treating the boards at Black Cats.