With graduation not far off I figured I'd better get my ass in gear securing a job and a place to live.
I had applied to several companies on the list that Ms. Stone had given me, none of which were associated with FD Corp. I had been thinking that I no longer wanted to be under any kind of female domination, especially in the workplace. My grades were good as was my skill set as a coder, but the jobs available weren't as interesting or lucrative as I had hoped. I knew I was going to be stuck with a starter salary at first, but some of the salaries offered were almost laughable. I'd gotten a few nibbles but few solid offers. Ms. Stone said that I would have guaranteed employment if I applied to any of the FD Corp. companies but I wanted to be free of FD Corp. and crazy women getting me naked.
I had also been hunting for an apartment. I had saved up a bit and my credit was excellent, but my savings would only last so long. I'd been spoiled having a stipend from FD Corp. I had a nice nest egg of retirement funds, but I really couldn't access that money until I was much older. Rents all over the Los Angeles area were ridiculously high. I was used to this area. Now that I wasn't at the beck and call of FD Corp., I wanted to go places and do things. I didn't want to live in some remote area devoid of nightlife. I was going to need a decent paycheck to be able to afford even a small place.
Ms. Stone contacted me. It was time for me to come in to her office and have the FD Corp. tattoo removed from my finger. Although Ms. Stone had been very good and generous to me I often felt like a slave. After all, if I refused any assignment that would have ended my contract and income and I might not have been able to graduate. I found myself grousing about this while on the call from Ms. Stone.
The next day I headed for Ms. Stone's office. She and one of her assistants were there.
"Come in and sit down Randy. It's time for that tattoo to go."
Just as I had done when the tattoo was first applied, I began to strip out of my clothes. Ms. Stone stopped me.
"It won't be necessary for you to be naked Randy. We have made revisions to the tattoo machine. I remember the...extreme...and dare I say...explosive reaction your cock...er...body had last time."
I sat down and her assistant wheeled the tattoo machine over. She inserted my index finger into the contraption and turned it on. I felt my cock swelling and hardening in anticipation but unlike the extreme physical arousal I experienced when the tattoo was applied, this time I felt only a slight sensation, as though a fingernail was lightly scraping along my finger. When I removed my finger, the tattoo was gone. All that remained was some very minor redness where the tattoo had been. Ms. Stone motioned for me to come over to her desk.
"Come and sign these papers and your contract with FD Corp. is fulfilled. I am very grateful to you. The Inappropriate Behavior Stress Relief program has been as successful as I had hoped. And I'm sure you learned a great deal about yourself."
I nodded my head and smiled, but I couldn't help thinking of all the other poor schmucks forced to be naked and exposed to physical and mental abuse at the hands of some female executive.
"I'm glad Ms. Stone. After all, without you I might not have been able to finish college."
"I want you to know if you need anything...anything at all...please contact me. Until you have your own health insurance you may come to the FD Corp. Clinic free of charge if you need medical attention. And try not to worry about the job market. I have a feeling that the job that's just right for you will present itself very soon. Good luck!"
As I rose to leave I swear that she looked at my crotch...a little wistfully.
"Thanks. I promise to stay in touch."
Curiously enough the next day I was contacted by a tech company. It wasn't on the list I had applied to, and it wasn't on the list of FD Corp. companies either. I didn't think much of it as my resume was on several job search engines. I did a bit of online research to see what I could find. It was called 'Encompass' and the motto was 'for the life you desire'. It was owned by a successful married couple. The company had many divisions creating both hardware and software for a wide variety of applications. The introductory email I received instructed me to reply with a resume and cover letter. There was also a short psychological profile to fill out as well as some tests for coder knowledge. The psychological profile wasn't as extensive as the one I had done for FD Corp. and thankfully didn't contain anything that smacked of sexual attitudes. The tests were basically 'what's wrong with this code?' problems that were a little challenging but I didn't find them too difficult. I filled everything out and sent my reply.
A few days later I received a reply from Encompass. They were very interested in me. It seems that I was the only applicant that discovered that one of the coder problems was a trick question. The proposed starting salary was a good one, as was the benefits package. Good health insurance, vacation and sick time, and best of all; the entire job could be completely remote. There was a small office space in downtown LA but there was no need to go there except for occasional group assignments. I was to reply if interested and a Zoom interview would be scheduled.
The day of the Zoom interview I had the nagging feeling that something was a bit 'off'. I decided to slick back my hair, wear my horn rimmed glasses and white button down shirt, basically the 'geek' look that I often used stripping at parties. I didn't want my hiring to be based on my looks. I had had enough of that with FD Corp. I was much more buffed and jacked than I had been the last time I wore my geek shirt and I was concerned that it did not disguise my hard, flat pecs and pumped biceps very well. I looked more like Superman than Clark Kent.
At the appointed time I met my prospective employers online. They were very informal and insisted on being called Ted and Jane. They looked to be in their early 30's. Jane looked very corporate and buttoned-down with longish brown hair pulled back with a large bow and glasses. Ted had unruly red hair and glasses as well. He looked like a stereotypical computer nerd but he had classic masculine facial features and I could tell that there was a very muscular body under his conservative shirt. In fact, we both looked like we were going for the same effect. I wondered if he, too, was trying to disguise himself.
We chatted about all kinds of things, social media platforms, communications products, entertainment, consumer trends, and all manner of things. Jane did most of the talking, Ted mostly nodded and smiled. At one point Ted whispered in Jane's ear. She looked right at me through the camera.
"That's a possibility Ted."
Jane continued telling me about the company, their achievements and future goals. It sounded really interesting. I noticed that Jane had unbuttoned several buttons on her blouse and that one of Jane's arms was no longer resting on the table but was below camera range on the same side that Ted was sitting. Ted shifted slightly in his seat. Jane informed me that they were starting a new consumer products division called X-treme. Employees who were chosen to work on these products could receive large bonuses and not all employees were eligible. They had to have the 'right' attitude.
I thought I heard Ted moan slightly. Jane's arm was making very slow, subtle movements in the area of Ted's lap. Geeze...she...she was giving Ted a hand job while interviewing me!
I hoped that she wasn't saying anything important because all I could focus on was the fact that my prospective employers were doing something so blatantly sexual while I watched. Sweat was forming on my upper lip. Should I look away? Should I pretend it isn't happening? Should I let them know that I was actually turned-on? This looked like it could be a really good job and I didn't want to blow the interview. I heard myself answering questions, but I don't know what I said. I felt blood flowing to my cock making it swell and lengthen. Ted also seemed to be sweating and had tightly grabbed the arms of his chair. My cock had engorged to full hardness; I had to shift in my seat to get comfortable. Jane's arm moved faster as Ted suppressed a groan. I just sat there, watching with a smile frozen on my face. Ted's body jerked ever so slightly. Holy shit I just watched him cum! Ted and Jane stared right at me and flashed quick smiles.
"Well Randy, it was very...very nice meeting you. Ted and I must discuss, but I feel that you are very qualified to join our company and that you would be a good fit. I think we can find some very interesting projects for you. This has certainly been one of our most enjoyable interviews. We'll let you know our decision by tomorrow night."
Ted winked at me, waved and the Zoom meeting was over. That was so bizarre. I looked down at my pants. Without realizing I had unzipped my fly, whipped out my cock and had been stroking myself during the last part of the interview. I know that my crotch wasn't visible on camera, but they both must have known what I was doing just as I had known what they were doing.
Sure enough the job offer was emailed to me the following evening. The starting salary and benefits were better that any other offer I had gotten. The fact that I could work remotely was a big plus. I also liked that they were involved with both hardware and software. It seemed interesting and challenging enough to not be dull. As I filled out the various employment forms I kept remembering the hand job show my prospective employers put on during my interview. I wondered if Jane were some kind of Domme and Ted her subby hubby. I wondered if the job would require any sexual misadventures on my part. As my finger hovered over the 'send' button I noticed that my cock had pitched a tent in my shorts. The pre-cum starting to flow erased any doubts and I sent the forms.
Within the hour I had been hired. I was emailed a proof of employment and a notice to give an address as soon as possible as to where my employee I.D. card and health insurance card should be sent. There was also a note welcoming me and saying that I would be given details on my first work assignment in two weeks.
I needed to vacate the dorm. I immediately started hunting for apartments at various online sites. Even the smallest apartment in the Los Angeles area was ridiculously expensive. I had money saved and my new salary would be enough to pay rent and a few expenses. I might have to go back to advertising as a nude bartender if I wanted money for any 'extras'. I found a possible listing in the Hollywood/West Hollywood area. I arranged for an appointment to see the place the following day.
I gathered up all my identification and financial information and headed to the apartment building. I decided to be very 'preppie' that day in a Polo shirt and tailored chinos. I wanted to look prosperous enough without looking rich. The parking situation in that area wasn't great and I had to park a few blocks away. The building was OK. It was newer and had nice appliances but not much in the way of amenities. The only affordable unit was a single and it was pretty small. It seemed like it wasn't much bigger than my dorm room. I took an application. I figured that when I was making better money in the future I could always find a bigger place.
On the way back to the car I saw a woman putting up a 'For Rent' sign on a gated wall. She was quite a sight. She had to be in her 60's or older with severely bleached blonde hair that was way too long for her age. She was dressed in a colorful caftan and sandals. In her youth she must have been quite a looker. The low neckline of the caftan revealed what I could only call 'Tupperware tits'. They were enormous. Two huge bowls close together on her chest that managed to have cleavage even without a bra. She noticed me looking at the sign and turned around. Vivid pink lipstick surrounded a very cheerful smile.
"Are you looking for an apartment young man?"
"Um...actually ma'am I am apartment hunting."
She looked me up and down. I guess she liked what she saw.
"What a fabulous coincidence. I happen to have a vacancy that's just ready to show. Would you like to see it? Please say you do!"
I nodded. She led me through the gate. Instead of a traditional apartment building this seemed to be 4 individual bungalows around a very pleasant courtyard.
"My property is a bit unconventional. The units are all singles, but they're almost like little houses. Separate from each other and as private...or not...as you wish."
"Oh, so you're the owner?"
"Yes. Owner and I also live on the premises. I have a unit I also use as my art studio behind that other wall back there."
I looked down the property and there was another gated wall with some signs I couldn't make out. As massive as her tits were, they barely moved as she walked. I was fascinated. I felt blood flowing to my cock.
"By the way my name is Vera. Do let's look at the unit!"
As she took my arm she managed to squeeze my bicep. She showed me inside. It was a single, but quite large. There was a spacious kitchen with room for a table and chairs, a good sized bathroom with an attractive stall shower. I thought it looked like the outer wall of the shower was a mirror but I only got a quick glance. The main area was roomy and there was a raised platform in one corner big enough for a bedroom set. There was a huge closet and even some built in bookcases. There were windows on all four sides of the unit and I could feel a nice breeze.
"We're a very close and friendly community here. It's really a very quiet place. No loud parties or loud music or pets. The unit is rent-controlled. I try to make sure that any prospective tenant will 'fit in'. All my tenants are young men, mostly in artistic fields. I have an actor, a musician and a fashion model. Are you an actor or model? You're handsome enough to be one."
As she stepped close to me she put her hands on my chest. Her massive tits were really turning me on. I felt my swollen cock making a big bulge in my chinos.
"No ma'am. I'm a coder...I help write software programs for all kinds of things...apps and websites and stuff."
"Well...that's kind of creative, isn't it?"
"I guess so."
She cocked her head and looked at me, her eyes lingering on the bulge in my pants.
"Let me show you the rest of the property. I don't normally show this on the first look around unless I feel the person is special."
She grabbed me by the bicep again and led me through the gate in the back wall. The sign said 'NO ONE UNDER 18 PERMITTED PAST THIS POINT. AREA IS FOR TENANTS ONLY'. There was a good sized swimming pool and sun deck. The pool was just big enough to swim laps. She led me to what must have once been the pool house. Inside was a decently equipped gym that had machines with pulleys and weighted plates as well as some free weights. It was enough to get a pretty good workout. There was even a washer and dryer in the corner.
"I like my boys to be able to stay in shape and prepare for auditions and things."
"She leaned in close to me and gently placed her hand on one of my butt cheeks."
"It's completely private here and I do allow nudity. Sometimes my boys need all-over tans for acting or modeling gigs. I must confess to being quite a voyeur. My art studio is right there, overlooking the pool area."
She giggled like a young girl and checked out my crotch again.
"I was an actress myself...some time ago. Now I paint, sculpt and do some performance art. Oh...and there is off-street parking. I have a carport in the back. It isn't a closed garage, but it is covered and gated. Do you like what you see?"
I was caught off guard as I had been staring right at her tits. I wanted to press my face right between those mounds. I pretended otherwise.
"I think the place looks great. It is unusual...in a good way."
"Would you like to fill out an application? Please say you do."
"Umm...you haven't told me what the rent is?"
She put her hands on my waist, pressing her ginormous tits to my chest and her thigh against my bulging crotch. She hesitated for a beat...waiting to see if I would react. My body automatically pressed back against hers. If letting her feel me up would get me cheap rent I'd go for it. She whispered an amount in my ear that I would have been a fool to pass up. The studio apartment was bigger than anything I had seen online. There was a gym, pool, and secure off street parking, and she was offering rent that was nicely below market. I found myself staring at her tits again.
"Sure...I'd like to fill out an application."
"Marvelous!"
She led me back toward the front of the property. We sat at one of the tables in the courtyard and I filled out the paperwork.
"I'll just need to run the background and credit check on you. I have to be sure you haven't been a naughty boy...at least not in the eyes of the law. I should know in a day or two."
She led me out the front gate. Looked down at my crotch again, smiled and waved goodbye. When I got back to my dorm I wondered what the hell I was doing. Both the job and the apartment situations should have set off alarm bells in my head and yet I was irresistibly drawn to both.
I wasn't surprised that Vera accepted my rental application and I dropped over to give a cashier's check for first and last month rent and security deposit. She was wearing colorful bell bottom slacks and a low cut peasant blouse without a bra that showed off her tits to advantage. She was quite the hippie. It amazed me that her tits hardly moved when she walked. I wondered if they felt like big plastic bowls. I really wanted to touch them. She gave me the keys to the apartment and to the car port.
"Hey, Vera, I've got a bed scheduled for delivery today. If the delivery guys get here before I come back could you please let them in? I don't have a lot of stuff to bring from the dorm. Mostly clothes, books and stuff."
"No problem sweetie. A good-looking boy needs to have a bed after all."
I bid my dorm and Officer Marty goodbye. When I got to my new bungalow apartment I found that the bed had been delivered as well as some sheets and towels I ordered. The bed was only a full size. Linens and stuff for Queen and King were more money than I wanted to pay right now. The raised platform area was just big enough for the bed, nightstand and small dresser to fit. After getting the bedroom set up and the bed made up I felt grimy and decided to take a shower. I looked at the bed. Maybe once I started getting paychecks I could get a bedspread or something; and maybe a couch and a kitchen table.
The stall shower was large and comfortable. The hot water felt great. As I soaped myself up I kept looking at the shower wall, wondering why it looked lake a big mirror. Maybe because Vera liked to rent to actors and models, and since the only mirror in the place was on the small medicine cabinet, this big one came in handy. Standing there all naked and soapy in my own place had me feeling pretty horny. As I made a mental list of all the things I'd need for the apartment I started playing with my cock. I hadn't jacked off in a while and my cock was rock-hard and ready. As I squeezed my butt muscles so I could watch my cock jump and bounce I thought I heard a moan. I quickly shut off the water and listened. There was nothing. I finished my shower, toweled off and threw on some fitted sweatpants.
The evening was balmy and although there was a breeze I new I was going to have to get an air conditioner for the hotter part of the summer. There was a knock at my door. It was a deliveryman with a package. It was from Ms. Stone. Inside were pots and pans and utensils. All the things needed to set up a kitchen, even some dishes and flatware. Along with a thank-you note, she had included copies of my nutrition and workout regime. I couldn't decide if it was caring or creepy that she was still concerned with my physical appearance. Oh, well, it meant less stuff for me to have to buy.
There was another knock at the door. It was Vera with a bag of groceries.
"Welcome home sweetie! Here's the welcome wagon! I know you'll be very happy here."
Her eyes scanned my shirtless torso. I looked down and saw that my still engorged cock was making quite a basket in my sweatpants.
"I know I'm VERY happy! Oh...and I wanted to tell you; your new mini blinds were supposed to come this morning but won't be here until tomorrow. I hope you won't feel TOO exposed for one night!"
I had totally forgotten that that there were no coverings on the windows. She giggled, turned and left.
She had left me with milk, eggs, bread, juice and some frozen 'healthy eating' dinners. She had said that she was a voyeur. Maybe free stuff was my reward for letting her see me partially dressed. I heated one of the dinners in the built in microwave and started putting clothes and stuff away. It got late and I was tired. I didn't have any lamps so the only lights were in the kitchen and bathroom. I turned those out but there was still a little bit of light coming in from the courtyard. Someone outside the windows could easily see me. I flopped down on the bed. I didn't need to get up early. I lay there wondering what my life outside college was going to be.
I thought about my new employers. Had Jane really been giving Ted a hand job or did I imagine it? And what about Vera, she had been staring at my crotch as though it looked good enough to eat. I was obsessed with her tits. I imagined lubing my cock and sliding it up and down in that cleavage, getting a hot titty fuck. I wanted to knead her breasts to see whether or not they were as hard as plastic bowls. I shucked off my sweatpants and started jacking myself off. My cock felt so good and hard. I used the pre-cum flowing from the tip as lube. I kept my eyes closed. Was Vera watching? Were any of my neighbors watching? I didn't care; in fact I hoped someone was watching. Maybe this would get me more free stuff. After all the bullshit I'd endured at the hands of the various FD Corp. women I deserved it! I edged my throbbing cock to just before the point of orgasm several times. I liked edging. It always made me super hot. Too bad I didn't have any poppers. Poppers always made me cum extra hard. Just as I was about to blow my load I thought I heard a noise outside. I sprang out of bed and looked out several of the windows. My cock was rock hard and drooling pre-cum. I made no attempt to hide it; in fact I lingered at the windows, naked and hard.
I saw nothing. I walked back to my bed and flopped on my stomach. I was crazy horny but I didn't want to cum just yet. I spent a fitful night of wild and weird dreams. I dreamed that Vera, Jane and Ted were watching me through the windows or in the shower. I felt their hands reaching out touching me, kneading my muscles, pounding on my pecs and abs, pulling on my balls and my cock. My whole body twitched so hard that it woke me up. It was well after dawn and my apartment was filled with morning light. My body was covered with sheen of sweat. My abs were coated with cum. I had had a very wet dream.
As I grabbed a quick shower, there was a knock at my door. I reached for a bath towel, but grabbed a hand towel instead. It just fit around my hips and barely concealed my cock and balls. I was still horned up and felt like putting on a show. Vera was at the door with a young man. She breezed right in, her gaze fixed on the tiny towel almost covering me.
"Good MORNING sweetie-darling! I hope you slept well. I know you will be getting your own furniture but I couldn't bear to think of you eating meals at the sink or sitting on the floor. I brought you a card table and a chair. Oh, and a coffee maker! This is Axel, our resident musician!"
Axel was probably in his late twenties or early thirties, with a tight, slender body. I don't think he had any body fat. He had a beard and shoulder-length hair and was wearing only a pair of very short cut off jeans. He looked like a rock musician...or a hot Jesus. He smelled of marijuana. He brought in and set up the card table and chair.
"Dude, welcome aboard. This complex is a trip but way cool. Vera here is the best. She takes good care of us."
"Axel, you're a lamb. Well boys I must run...preparing for an art exhibit...ta for now!"
"So...Axel is it? You're a musician?"
"Totally. I do some studio gigs, some dee-jaying and there's a band I sometimes play with at clubs. I practice mostly electronically with headphones. Vera doesn't like noise. What's your trip?"
"I work creating software programs for cell phones and other stuff."
"Cool. The way Vera was carrying on I thought you were a model or actor."
"Nope...nothing that interesting."
I'd forgotten I was still barely wearing a towel. Axel may have been high but he managed to give me the once over.
"I think you'll like it here Dude. Vera is very creative. Her art is all about men. Men are her muse and her...obsession."
"She's not like some crazy stalker is she?"
"Oh no man, nothing like that. But she DOES like to look. Giving her something to look at has...advantages."
He pointed to the sizable bulge in his cut off jeans and put a finger to his lips in a 'shhh' pose.
"Gotta run dude I'm helping Vera with her art exhibit."
Now that I was alone again I threw on my sweatpants. I figured I'd wash my sheets and maybe sit at the computer and see what furniture I could afford to buy until my paychecks started coming. It turned out that I was replacing a worker who was leaving so I would be starting the job in about two weeks. My money situation was OK, but I needed to be careful. I was really missing that FD Corp. stipend.
While washing my sheets of the previous night's wet dream I figured I might as well try out the gym equipment. Between the pulley machines and free weights I managed a pretty good workout. If I swam regular laps in the pool I could stay in shape until I could afford a fitness center. On the way back to my bungalow I happened to peek in to Vera's studio. Axel was standing over some kind of open grate. Water was flowing down on him from above. He seemed to be covered in lots of different colors of paint and Vera was washing him. Axel was sporting a very impressive hard-on. He saw me peering in but Vera did not. She was too preoccupied soaping up Axel's cock. The shower had soaked Vera's blouse making her breasts and nipples very visible. As I watched Vera giving Axel a slippery, soapy hand-job I felt my cock swelling and lengthening in my sweatpants. Axel looked down at her Tupperware tits and smiled. Then he looked at me, noticed the tent I was pitching in my sweats and winked. I headed back to my place to clean up.
I was consumed with curiosity. I wanted to know what kind of art exhibit Vera was preparing with a naked Axel and a lot of colored paint. I was jealous that he got a bird's eye view of those massive mounds and a hand-job to boot. I was too turned on to last long. I quickly cranked one out, spraying my load against the mirrored wall of the shower.
The next morning I received an email from Jane and Ted. I would be starting a project as a member of a coding team the following Monday. That was great news. Money would start coming in again soon. I was finishing a cup of coffee when there was a knock at the door. It was Vera with the man coming to install the mini-blinds on my windows.
"Good morning sweetie! Now you'll have some privacy. Although I think handsome men should NEVER have privacy...or clothes! Men with your looks should be on display all the time!"
She was about to sweep out when she turned back.
"Dahling I almost forgot! I'm doing an art exhibit at a gallery tomorrow night and I got you a ticket. It's VERY 'come as you are' and there'll be wine and cheese and nibbles. Do come! I SO want you to see my work."
And off she swept. It seems she always sweeps in and out. Well...she is an artist, it must be her artistic nature. I figured I'd attend the show; I was dying of curiosity to see what kind of 'art' this colorful woman created.
I don't know what possessed me but I decided to go with a sort of Marlon Brando/James Dean look. I wore button fly 501 jeans that were so worn and soft that they clung to my body, especially my butt and crotch. I went 'commando', without underwear, and my cock and balls displayed a very prominent basket. I had a form fitting white sleeveless muscle-t shirt. I put some product in my hair and tried to go with a 1950's male pompadour style. Some black penny loafers and white crew socks completed the look. I went into the bathroom to get a look at myself in the shower wall mirror. I decided to put some baby oil on my arms to accentuate my bulging biceps. I looked like something out of an old beefcake photography magazine.
For a moment I considered changing into something more non-descript but I decided to go with it. Maybe I'd meet some potential clients for nude bartending. People who attend art galleries often throw very creative parties.
The gallery was in a very chic area of Melrose Avenue. The sign on the window said 'No One Under 18 Admitted. No Photography or Video Allowed'. The invitation Vera had given me got me a wristband for unlimited free wine. I looked around at the crowd. People were dressed in every which way from formal evening wear to workout gear. The age range must have been from 18 to 80. While there were a few men mingling, the majority of attendees seemed to be women. This was feeling eerily like an FD Corp. event.
There were paintings on the walls and pieces of statuary scattered around on various pedestals. In front of a back wall was a large square area that had been curtained off. A sign placed in front read 'Pollack Pieta'. I wondered what the hell that meant. All I saw was a curtain. I grabbed some hors d'oeuvres and a glass of champagne. I became aware that small groups scattered around the room were looking at me and whispering among themselves. Maybe I shouldn't have come dressed as an icon of masculinity, but I was enjoying the attention. I felt the blood flowing to my cock as it swelled and lengthened, making a very noticeable bulge in my button fly jeans. I heard Vera's distinctive voice over by the large curtain.
"Attention...attention everyone! Hello sweeties and thank you all for coming! I'm SO thrilled at the turnout! I'm VERY excited about this piece. I hope you will find it as stimulating as I do!"
The crowd applauded politely as Vera climbed up some stairs that were behind the large square curtained area. The curtain dropped to the floor, revealing a nude male figure reclining on what seemed to be a minimalist arm chair. The overall shape of the chair looked more like a seated person. The nude male was my neighbor Axel. He was balls naked except for what looked like swimmer's goggles and seemed to be sleeping. The overall look reminded me of something. Of course! It was an interpretation of Michelangelo's Pieta statue. On a scaffold above was Vera with what looked like buckets of paint placed in a row. She picked up a paintbrush, dipped it in one of the buckets and proceeded to drizzle paint on Axel's nude body below.
The first drips and drizzles elicited polite applause from the crowd. Vera selected another color of paint and dripped more onto Axel's nude body. I had to give him props for remaining motionless. Vera continued this process with more different colors of paint. Now I understood the sign. Jackson Pollack was known for dripping paint on his canvases from above, and Axel did resemble various depictions of Jesus, hence the 'Pollack Pieta'. I had to admit that was pretty creative of Vera. The fact that he was naked and being ogled by a room crowded with women gave me uncomfortable flashbacks to my FD Corp. assignments.
At one point Vera took a very large brush, dipped it in paint, but instead of dripping she flung the paint off the brush. It hit Axel with a loud splat. This caused his body to jerk slightly. Vera continued in this manner, almost bombarding Axel with paint. She paid particular attention to his crotch. Predictably, Axel's penis began to stir, swelling and lengthening. He was impressively hung, so the movement was noticed by the crowd. A couple of women shoved me aside to get a better and closer look. His cock had hardened and was stretched along his taught abs toward his belly button. I noticed that his ball sack had also tightened.
Vera continued hurling paint at Axel's groin. The sound of the paint making a 'thwap...thwap' sound echoed through the gallery. Axel moaned softly and slowly bucked his hips upward as though trying to fuck the falling paint. This elicited gasps and sporadic applause from the onlookers. Suddenly all the lights in the gallery went out. We stood there in complete darkness. A spotlight came on, illuminating just the Pollack Pieta. Axel raised his head to look out at the crowd and slowly maneuvered himself to a standing position. Axel's cock was at full mast, paint dripping from the rock-hard shaft. He turned and walked very slowly through a door in the back gallery wall, his cock bouncing with each step. All the gallery lights came on again and the crowd erupted into applause. I noticed a group of women quickly heading for a door marked 'VIP ONLY'. Vera gurgled from above.
"Thank you sweeties...thank you SO much! Did you LOVE it? I loved it! I'll be right down darlings!"
I heard a woman's voice behind me. It was a soft, seductive purr.
"My, my...how exciting to see both Jesus and Adonis in the same night."
I turned around to see the owner of the voice. I'm sure my jaw dropped. The woman's head barely reached my chest. Her skin was as pale as linen. Her jet black hair was an homage to Louise Brooks the old-time movie star. Her dark eyes were heavily made up. Her full sensual lips were blood red. I heard myself gasp when I saw what she was wearing. The tight knee length black leather skirt, sheer black stockings and spike heels were erotic enough to get my cock dripping pre-cum. Her button down long sleeve blouse was red and completely sheer. Her breasts were surprisingly ample for such a petite woman. She was a walking wet dream, albeit a very dangerous looking one. I'd popped a boner and it was straining against the thin, worn fabric at the crotch of my jeans. Her dark eyes darted to my crotch. Just as she was about to speak Vera swept over to us.
"I'm SO excited and everyone's positively THRILLED! Axel was divine...don't you think? Oh WHERE are my manners? Have you met? Randy here is the newest member of my little family. Randy, this is Miss Victoria."
I ignored the alarm bells going off in my head as she extended her hand. I kissed it just like in old movie. I tried to sound as sophisticated as I could.
"I'm so very pleased to meet you, Miss Victoria."
"Not nearly as pleased as I am...Randy...is it? Yes...Randy indeed. Vera, how uncharacteristically selfish of you to keep this specimen to yourself."
"Now Miss Victoria, Randy won't know you're teasing. He's only just moved in to my apartment complex. This is the first time he's seen my work."
"Knowing you Vera, I'm sure it won't be the last."
"Oh...here's Axel! All freshly showered and ready to meet his adoring public. He's found so many patrons here who LOVE to support his club appearances! I MUST guide him through the meet and greet. You two behave yourselves now!"
Axel had dressed in just shorts and sneakers, leaving his torso bare. He seemed occupied passing out business cards to the women who had crowded around him. He caught my eye and gave me a 'thumbs up'. Miss Victoria moved closer to me and began toying with the buttons on the fly of my jeans. My confined cock was throbbing in my jeans.
"So, Randy, what did you think of Vera's work?"
"Well... (trying to sound educated and sophisticated)...I'm sure it was an interesting statement on religion in the modern world...life, death, rebirth and...sex."
"I think it was about seeing Axel pop a boner while naked and dripping with paint. Do you dabble in the arts?"
"Not really. I help create software programs for a wide range of uses. I'm just out of college and starting a new job."
"Vera usually only rents to actors and models and such, but I can see why she rented to you."
She pulled on the fly of my jeans until the first button popped open.
"Randy, are you looking at my breasts? It's all right if you are. If I didn't want them admired I would not have worn this blouse."
"Yes, Vic...I mean Miss Victoria. You...I mean...it...is very beautiful."
Another tug and the second button popped open. She was making me wildly horny. I did not know how to react, but did nothing to stop her.
"Randy, I sense that you have some experience with women who like to be in control of situations. Am I correct?"
"Well, umm, yes Miss Victoria I have been involved in..."
The third button popped, revealing my golden pubes. Encased in the soft, worn fabric of the jeans my erection was blatantly obvious. A visible wet spot was forming at the tip of my cock where pre-cum was leaking. She grabbed my arm and led me toward the bar and buffet area.
"Let's get some more champagne and snacks."
I made a move to re-button my jeans.
"Leave the buttons as they are, Randy."
She pulled and the forth button popped open revealing the base of my now rock-hard cock. I felt the tip of her crimson tipped fingernails slithering through my open fly and raking along the swollen shaft of my cock. She pressed her nails into the throbbing flesh of my penis as she spoke.
"You interest me, Randy. I am an artist too. My work is ...darker...than Vera's...and much more sexual. My art pieces involve a bit of violence and pain...all theatrical illusion of course. I think you have some experience in such things. I may want to...use you...as a model but I think I want to know you better first. I certainly want to see much more of you."
We got more refreshments. Miss Victoria led me around the gallery introducing me to various important-looking people. I don't remember much of what I said or was being said to me. From the looks I was getting I was quite sure that EVERYONE was staring at my crotch, especially my partially exposed penis. Miss Victoria made sure that I had a champagne glass in one hand and a plate of food in the other making it impossible for me to hide my hard-on. She clearly wanted me on display. Having so many people staring at my manly goods kept me rock-hard and leaking pre-cum. The wet spot of pre-cum on my jeans kept getting bigger. I felt super dirty, and super horny.
The evening came to a close. People were leaving the gallery. Vera and Axel came over to me. Miss Victoria quickly said her good-byes and left me standing there like a schmuck, still holding a plate of food and champagne glass with my fly open. Vera's eyes zeroed in on my crotch. She took the plate and glass out of my hands. I quickly buttoned up. She whispered to me.
"I see that my dear friend Miss Victoria finds you interesting. I get the feeling that you have dealt with her kind. I can see that you are a big boy...a VERY big boy and can take care of yourself...just be cautious. She can be difficult to resist when she wants something. Come along Axel dear, after all YOU'RE my ride home!"
Axel quickly leaned in and whispered to me. Did this guy always smell like marijuana?
"This is some crazy shit, but man Vera pays well and some of these older chicks spend buckets of money at my club gigs. It's all about the tips, bro! Giving them an eyeful of my junk helps my reputation as a rock-star-stud!"
I drove home, threw off my clothes and took a cold shower. It did little good. Meeting Miss Victoria had me crazed with lust. Being aroused for so long had given me a touch of blue balls. I soaped up and jacked off furiously. I pressed my body against the mirrored wall of the shower, my rigid cock pointing up along my taught abs and started humping. My mind was racing with visions of Vera's cleavage, Axel's paint covered hard-on and Miss Victoria's perky tits showing through the sheer blouse. I heard myself shout as my cock let fly a geyser of hot man-goo. I sank to the floor of the shower stall, exhausted.
I had a fitful night. Images of some of the FD Corp. assignments whirled in my brain. I could feel my cock expanding and contracting. Something woke me. It was the dead of night and everything was quiet. I noticed that I had forgotten to close some of the blinds when I came home. My body was covered with a sheen of sweat, my cock stood at rigid attention. I lay back, too tired to close the blinds and passed out.
By morning I needed another shower. I was amazed at how much jizz I had sprayed on the shower mirror wall. It was going to take some scrubbing to clean. As I toweled off there was a knock at my door. This time I grabbed a large towel to wrap around myself. There were bags of groceries and a note from Vera.
"Sweetie, the store was having a buy one get one free sale on so many things! Enjoy your new home and new job. I'm SO thrilled to have you here!"
Later in the day I received instructions from Jane and Ted about my project and team. I was going to help with a Smartphone photography app that allowed the user to place their subject in a realistically in a variety of backgrounds. Part of the challenge was making sure that law enforcement would be able to 'unmask' the enhancing. They didn't want criminals using this app to give themselves alibis as to their whereabouts.
After last night at the gallery I was glad to be doing something that was so normal it was almost mundane. Little did I know what was in store for me.