"Fuck," Jeff wheezed, "I'm so out of shape." He trudged up the trail, giant Sequoias all around him, the air moist and thick with the aroma of pine needles.
"Come on, you can do it. One foot in front of the other," Sara encouraged, her plump, round ass bouncing back and forth in her tight black athletic pants.
"I swear, that ass is the only thing that keeps me going."
"Yeah? This ass?" she asked, looking back flirtatiously, giving herself a quick smack. He watched as her ass jiggled, slowly settling back into place. He walked up to her slowly, hands outstretched, reaching out for her. At the last second, she spun around and grabbed him by the wrists. She looked at him with a devilish gleam in her eyes. "Uh uh uh, not yet. Let's finish up this hike and you can claim this as your prize when we get home." She brought her mouth right up to his ear and whispered, "I want to feel your cum all over my ass." He felt a jolt run through his entire body, settling in his groin. She gave his ear lobe a quick nibble, turned around, and hiked onward. He followed behind, reinvigorated.
They hiked on in silence, enjoying the sights and sounds and smells of the forest. Jeff felt small, but in a good way, an appreciative way. These ancient, giant, beautiful organisms. How wonderful, he thought, to be able to walk amongst them. And how wonderful to share this moment with the love of his life.
"Hey," Sara said, jostling him out of his moment of existential clarity. "I really have to pee."
Jeff chuckled. "Okay, I'll stand guard."
Sara scampered off the trail into the forest, looking for a safe place. She found a massive burned out tree trunk, protected on three sides. Perfect, she thought. She snuck inside, and just as she had pulled her pants down over her ass, she heard what she thought was a muffled moan. She quickly pulled her pants up, startled. She stood still, listening intently, and she heard it again. "That's definitely a person," she thought. As she listened, it became clear to her. "Holy shit," she thought, "someone is fucking in the woods." She crept out of her hollowed out tree, and began following the moans, tip-toeing as softly as she could, avoiding any fallen twigs and dried up leaves. The moans got progressively louder as she went on, and finally she saw them. A woman was bent over an enormous fallen log, hands braced on the wood, pants pulled down to her ankles, back sharply arched. A man was standing behind, pants just below his ass, one hand firmly grasping her hip, and the other over her mouth, muffling her moans.
Sara stood there transfixed, watching as the man fucked the woman deeply, listening to the rhythmic "thwap, thwap, thwap," of his thrusts and the sounds of pure ecstasy coming from her covered mouth. Sara gazed as his ass clenched and relaxed with each thrust, as the woman squirmed in delight. He pulled his cock out, glistening with her juices, and reached down to her breasts, pulling her up to him. He kissed her neck softly as he caressed her breasts through her t-shirt. He spun her around, and at that moment, Sara tucked her head back behind the tree to avoid being seen. She peeked out from the tree slowly, and the couple was kissing deeply, passionately. He broke the kiss, and pushed her gently downward. She kneeled down, taking his wet cock deep into her mouth, slowly. "Okay," Sara thought, feeling herself starting to get wet, "I have to go tell Jeff!"
She tip-toed back the way she came, and when she finally got back to the trail, he asked "What took so long?"
"There is a couple fucking in the woods!"
"What?"
"I stumbled upon a couple having sex."
"Did they see you?"
"I don't think so. They were still at it when I headed back."
"Wow. Okay..."
"So... would you like to go watch them with me?"
He was a bit taken aback. He never knew she had any interest in voyeurism. "Yeah," he sputtered out. "Sure!"
"Okay, wait, I didn't actually pee. Give me a sec." She went off in the opposite direction, and feeling more urgency settled for the nearest tree.
"Okay, much better."
They tip-toed off into the woods, and before long, they heard that same muffled moaning. "That's them," she whispered. They found their way behind the hiding place she used before, and they peeked out from either side of the tree. Now, the woman was lying on her back on the fallen log, feet straight up in the air, pants still around her ankles. The man had her legs draped over one shoulder, one hand holding her thighs, the other hand clamped down around her mouth. He fucked her hard and deep. Thwap, thwap, thwap.
"Holy shit," Jeff whispered. "They're really going at it."
She looked at him with those same devilish eyes as before. She grabbed his hand and put it down the front of her stretchy yoga pants. "Fuck, you're so wet," he said, more loudly than he expected.
"Shh!" she scolded, "We need to be very quiet." They each peeked around the tree, and the couple was still going at it.
"I don't think they heard us," he said, his hand still in her pants. She noticed his cock beginning to strain at his pants. She caressed it, softly at first, then grabbed it firmly.
"Well, I'm wet. You're hard. What should we do about this?" He looked back at her, overwhelmed, and before he could respond, she knelt down on the forest floor, unbuttoned his pants, and pulled his cock out and took him deep into her mouth. He braced himself against the tree, feeling a bit lightheaded, as she bobbed her head back and forth on his cock. He could still hear the moans coming from the other couple, a bit louder and clearer now, but the smacking had stopped. He peeked his head around the tree, and the man was on his knees, holding his partner's legs aloft, face buried in her thighs. The woman moaned freely, unconstrained, as he swirled his tongue around her clit.
Jeff turned his head back and looked down, admiring as Sara took him all the way into her mouth. "Fuuuuck," he moaned quietly. The woman's moans grew louder and faster, and Sara began sucking him faster, in rhythm with the moaning. She grabbed his ass with both hands and pulled him deep into her throat with each thrust. Before long, they heard a series of stifled squeals, and he looked back as the woman came hard, her legs quivering in the air with each wave of her orgasm. He looked back down, and Sara looked up at him with those deviant eyes. She arched her eyebrows at him - she could feel his cock growing harder and fuller. She gave his ass one final hard squeeze as he came in thick spurts, deep into her throat. He braced himself hard against the tree, digging his fingernails into the thick bark. His body shook with pleasure. His knees buckled, and his legs felt weak. When he came out of the daze, there she was, standing in front of him, looking at him both lustfully and lovingly. She kissed him deeply; he could taste himself on her.
They both peeked around the tree, and the man was slowly helping the woman up off of the log. She was wobbly and trembling. She looked a bit drunk. The man drew her to him, positioning her back to his front. His hard cock filled the crack between her ass cheeks. He slowly bent her over and pulled her arms back. He slipped inside of her and began fucking her while grabbing and pulling on her wrists. Once again, the sound of their bodies slapping together, now wetter than ever, filled the forest.
"Wow, they're still at it. I guess it's my turn," Sara said. She pulled down her pants, and with reckless abandon took them completely off. She told Jeff to lay down on a nearby fallen log, and he complied. She mounted his face, and placed her swollen wet pussy right over his mouth. She ground down on his lips and tongue, getting his beard sopping wet with her juices. She rocked herself back and forth against his tongue as his dick began to swell. He caressed her back and ass gently, then squeezed firmly on her hips, pulling her down hard onto his face. She let out a squeak, and quickly covered her mouth. He could barely breathe, she was smothering him so completely, and he loved it. He could feel her pussy swell even more, and he knew she was getting close.
"Stop, stop," she said. "I want to finish with you inside me." She dismounted and laid her body down onto the log. He stood up, his cock throbbing.
Thwap, thwap, thwap. The woman's moans were more slurred now; she sounded drugged. And for the first time, they could hear the man - his breath heavy and the occasional grunt emanating from his lips.
Sara shot her legs up in the air and spread them wide, creating quite the invitation. He grabbed her ankles firmly and placed his cock right up against the wet mouth of her pussy. Once his head was wet, he slid his cock back and forth against her clit. "Mmmmmm," she moaned. He kept going until she said "In me, in me!" He slipped his cock inside her, slowly, going as far as he could go. They both let out a deep moan.
The man's breathing was growing more frenzied, and he began thrusting harder and faster. Thwap, thwap, thwap!
Sara licked her fingertips and swirled them around her clit as Jeff slowly gyrated inside her. She glanced over at the couple, and the man had let go of the woman's arms, gripping her hips tightly, and pulling her ass back onto him with each deep thrust. He was panting by now, and his pants had slipped down to his ankles. He had sweat dripping down his back, trickling over his ass.
Sara fingered herself more wildly now, and Jeff began thrusting deeper and harder.
"Ahhhhh, fuuuuuuck," they heard, as they both looked over and saw the man digging his fingers into the woman's hips and begin convulsing with pleasure. From his face they could tell he was struggling to keep quiet.
Sara's fingering had grown frantic by now, and she told Jeff to go as deep as he could go and stay there. She came hard around his cock, enveloping him in waves of warm, wet pressure. Lost in the moment, she let out a long, loud, quavering moan as she slowly stopped touching herself.
"What was that?" the man whispered, as he quickly pulled out and helped his partner up. "Was that what I think it was?" she said. They both quickly pulled up their pants.
"Shit, they heard us," Sara said. Jeff quickly pulled out and assisted her off the log. He tucked his dripping wet, rock hard cock back into his boxer briefs, and buttoned and zippered his pants. Unfortunately, Sara had dropped her pants on the forest floor, and was bending over to pick them up when she heard, "Hmm, nice view," in the man's voice. She bolted upright, and spun around, holding her pants in front of her crotch. "Hiiii...," she said.
"Were you guys fucking?" the man asked.
They just looked at each other, and nodded sheepishly.
"And were you... watching us?" the woman asked.
Again, they exchanged an awkward glance and smiled nervously. "Yeahhhh," Sara admitted.
The man and the woman looked at each other and smiled. "Cool," he said, "we always enjoy a little exhibitionism."
They were relieved, but still somewhat uncomfortable. This was their first time fucking in publicandwatching someone else have sex, and they just got caught doing both.
"I hope we didn't interrupt you just now," the woman said, her eyes drawn to the large bulge in Jeff's pants.
"Oh no, we're fine," he said, nerves audible in his voice.
"No, really, don't let us stop you," the woman said. "We're happy to leave you to it... Or... we could watch you... if you want."
They looked at each other wide eyed. They had never thought about exhibitionism before, let alone talked it through. Sara raised her eyebrows at Jeff, and he smiled at her. She dropped her pants again. She grabbed his cock through his pants and began stroking. She unbuttoned his pants and slowly pulled down the waistband of his underwear, releasing his cock like a spring. She approached the nearest tree, braced herself on it, and stuck her ass out. He gave her a few quick squeezes before gripping her hips and thrusting deep inside her. "Fuck, you're so wet and tight," he said.
He caressed her ass and hips as she bounced herself back and forth on him. The couple looked on, smirking, admiring. The man was getting hard through his pants. The woman bit her lower lip.
He reached up and grabbed a handful of hair, pulling her head back, arching her back even more. He leaned forward and kissed her neck deeply. They had let go of any pretention of keeping quiet, each of them moaning with delight. "You feel so fucking good," he said.
"Yes, fuck me, fuck me," she yelped.
"I think he's going to come," the man whispered to the woman. "Look at his face."
He could feel the orgasm brewing deep within him, and he wanted to make these last few thrusts last, so he grabbed her hips firmly and pulled her back onto him slowly, building momentum with each pull.
"I want you to come on my ass," she begged. After two more long, slow, luxurious thrusts, he pulled out, his cock dripping with her juices, and he came hard. Despite have just orgasmed a few minutes ago, he produced a surprising amount of come, streaking each ass cheek, and even shooting up onto her back. He braced himself against the nearest tree, and tried to catch his breath.
"Nicely done," the man said.
"Yeah, that was pretty hot," the woman agreed. "Well, have a nice hike," she said, and they walked off, leaving Jeff and Sara in a wet, sweaty daze.