Jasmine watched the pair of huge breasts sway back and forth as heavy hips slapped into the woman's backside. Her moans sang out around the class as they all stood around her pen, watching.
'Dude! This is better than all the porn in my collection. I've got to come down here every week!'
'Of course you would, Jason, you perv.
'Oh Tiffany, babygirl, the pen is waiting just for you. All you have to do is ask.'
She shot him a disgusted look while he entertained his friends with an overly exaggerated gyration of his hips.
'Enough, boys!' Mr Gordon barked. 'Show Mrs Jung some respect. This is a special moment you're lucky to see.'
The farm worker turned to Mr Gordon.
'Actually, we refer to her as #2686 now. They give up their names when they sign up.'
'And who knows when that law was enacted? Hmm? Come on, class. We've studied this.'
Murmurs came from Jasmines classmates while she watched Mrs Jung's face contort in ecstasy as she mated with the bull. Up until a month ago she had been their teacher. Berating the boys for horsing around. Giving Jasmine advice with a smile. Then one day it was like she snapped.
There had been the odd rumour. The type that you paid no mind to and would have forgotten if the year passed by without concern. Something that just wasn't your business nor held any relevance. Mrs Jung was apparently single, and had been for some time. To the point where it had fed into the rumour mill. Maybe she had some terrible dates or complained about a friend's wedding in a class or the staff room. Something that gave the gossip wings.
Then one day Mrs Jung broke down in class, crying that she was nearing forty and was running out of time to settle down and start a family. After that she disappeared and Mr Gordon took over our class. Then the next rumour started spreading around the school. Someone had seen her at this farm, on all fours, naked and being milked from breasts far larger than she had ever had.
Jasmine traced the curve of those large mounds with her eyes. From her memory, Mrs Jung had been practically flat chested when she taught. Where had all THAT come from? It seemed implausible. All thanks to the hucow serum.
Jasmine wasn't sure what was more strange about the sight of her former teacher. Was it that she was now seeing her completely naked? Or was it her face? She no longer had the glasses she always wore on, making her face seem as naked as the rest of her body. Her hair, which had always been tied up in a bun was now let down and messy. Something about it made her look more appropriate for her new position.
The smell of sex filled the air as the two rutted like animals. The smell of her former teacher's sex. It felt inappropriate to smell, as if she should hold her breath as a curtesy. Would Mrs Jung have been ok with them watching? She had signed up for this. Signed up to be publically naked. Publically bred. They had always been taught not to view a hucow's pussy as a woman's pussy. It was no different to watch them breed as it was to watch two animals do the same. Two livestock.
The bull grunted one final time and pulled her hips deep into his. She let out a long mewling moan as he filled her fertile womb with his load. Once the bull's balls had stopped contracting, he pulled out of her. A large glob of cum fell from her flushed lips after him.
'And there it is, class. Mrs Jung- sorry, #2686's first breeding. She'll go on to have many more as she works here while she provides the milk we drink every day. It's a beautiful thing to witness. Come along now, we have much more to see.'
Jasmine followed the rest of the class as they were led out the back of the barn. She looked back once more at Mrs Jung's pen. Her head now laid in the hay, while her ass still held high in the air; drips of cum leaking down her thighs.
'I'm sure some of you know women who have become hucows. Maybe even had a teacher before who did the same as Mrs Jung.' Mr Gordon continued his lecture as they walked. 'So many women these days are choosing this life, especially middle aged ones like her. Some of you girls may choose the same path, and if you do, then be sure to ask our guide as many questions as you want.'
'What about Tiffany, sir? I think her big tits would look good as a hucow.'
'Shut the fuck up, Jason!'
'Quiet! I don't want to hear any more from you two or you can wait on the bus! Now listen up.'
He motioned for the farm worker to take over as we reached the fence around a pasture. The worker thanked him before beginning to explain the importance of regular exercise for the hucows and bulls.
But I wasn't listening. The imagine of Mrs Jung being bred still burned in my mind and created an uneasy mix of feelings.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The weeks went by after the trip and before long school had returned to normal. Whatever had started in Jasmine's mind that day had been ruled out as nothing by her.
She knew what it was. Jason had been raving on that Tiffany was the one who would be best suited to become a hucow on body alone. Jasmine adjusted her top. If she dressed like those girls, he would have pointed her out for sure. Her breasts had come in late, but when they did...
She had outgrown most of the girls in her year to her own embarrassment. She had plump D cup breasts that filled out all of her shirts. She had started wearing baggy sweaters a while ago to avoid the attention, both the gawking from the boys and the jealousy from the girls. She got the feeling that the girls knew anyway, but the boys seemed denser. Well no more.
Her cheeks reddened as she sat there in her low cut top. She felt far too exposed, but it was exciting in a way. Her cleavage spilled over the tight top in a full display of her previously hidden womanliness.
Though they were nowhere near as big as Mrs Jung's new hucow ones, she felt that it was her who was most similar in breast size. Now the boys would know and she would feel content with that.
As the final bell rang, Jason and his friends stepped into class. She held her breath, trying not to look at them. Her heart skipped a beat when she saw their heads do a double take from the corner of her eye. A smile crept across her face. She felt warm all over.
Success!
Maybe she'd keep wearing shirts like these.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
She kept to her word, following the lead of the preppy girls at school. She noted what outfits they wore and showed them up when she filled them out more. As summer drew closer, she began searching for bikinis, something she had never dared wear.
Her breasts must have still been growing as she soon found her bra grow tighter, but she didn't buy a new one. She liked how the old one made her boobs spill over her neckline.
Graduation grew closer with each week and with it the end of teasing the boys in her class. Before long, her final exams were concluded and so was her schooling.
Suddenly the prospect of what she'd do with her life put an end to all her teasing and daydreaming. She sat at the graduation ceremony listening to wishes of good fortune in their futures, unsure how it would manifest for her.
'I can't believe you're actually going to become a hucow, Tif.'
Tiffany blushed, looking less headstrong than a few months ago.
'I don't know. It sounds like fun, doesn't it? You should come join me, Jason.' She gave him a wink. 'Come be a bull. If I have to be bred, it may as well be with someone I know.'
One of Tiffany's friend's leaned over, excitement shining through her eyes despite her previously crying all through graduation.
'Oh my god! I always thought you made such a perfect couple. Your babies would be so cute!'
Once more Jasmine was reminded of the hucow farm. Of Mrs Jung and her breeding. She would be well into her pregnancy now. She couldn't imagine what she would look like with a big pregnant belly. But the thought of her classmate heading there and the new life of her old teacher brought those feelings back up again. However, she was resolute this time. She didn't want to go and be a farm animal like Tiffany. Who would? Nor did she want to be bred endlessly. Tiffany was the same age as her. How could she be thinking about being bred?
She left her graduation with just as many conflicting feelings as the day she left the hucow farm. She wondered if she should go and see Tiffany being bred when the time came. She felt like she had to in some way. Mr Gordon had said it was a special thing to see a hucow's first breeding, and they had been classmates for many years. Maybe.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Months went by. Her 18th birthday with her family came and went. Yet still she had not found her aspiration in life. She had no idea what her former classmates were doing now. Had they found their career? She only knew two fates for sure. Two who had found their purpose. Tiffany would be several months pregnant by now, while Mrs Jung would have given birth and had her pussy bred again. She had developed a new appreciation for their choice in her time after school. They were now living their desired lives, while she was still spinning her wheels. And every day that went by, they grew more pregnant and she remained the same.
She got dressed in her usual camisole and headed down for breakfast. Her dad had initially been wary when she started dressing skimpy, but he had stopped objecting over time. To her surprise, she found her heart skipped a beat just the same whenever she caught him checking out her cleavage.
'You heading out today, sweatheart?'
"Yeah, I'm going to head to the mall.'
'Want a lift?'
'No thanks, Daddy. I'm going to catch the bus.'
She spent the day walking around the mall, trying on different clothes. As she left another store loaded up with bags, she saw a booth set up in the middle of the walkway. She hesitated for a moment, listening to one of the salesmen talk to a passer-by. Her eyes fell on the signs and it all fell into place with what she was overhearing. They were recruiting for a hucow farm. By the sound of it, both for hucows and farmhands.
The prospect of following Tiffany and Mrs Jung had crossed her mind many times, but each time she had been repulsed at the idea of living in a hay-lined pen, being treated like livestock. It seemed so undignified. The looks she had received from men lately; the confidence she had gained in her body over the last year. She felt she was worth more than just being a lowly farm animal.
Yet a thought remained in her mind. She felt such a rush of excitement whenever she caught someone checking out her low cut cleavage. The feeling of so many eyes piercing every inch of exposed skin when she went to the beach in her new bikini over summer. It was an intoxicating feeling. She could only imagine how it would feel to be forced naked in front of everyone like Mrs Jung was. The shame of it all, wrapped in the safe blanket of expectation. Hucows were all naked. It was expected. She could show all of her body off and feel the rush of it with little consequence. And the thought of how quickly a bull's cock shot to attention when he saw a hucow in heat... To have a body of pure desire that could attract such a strong and virile specimen of a man.
The thought stuck with her as she wandered back to the bus stop. The rush of feeling all eyes on her body weighed against being filthy livestock. It was only when she sat down, pulling on her short skirt to keep it from riding too far up, did she find her answer.
To her side sat a newspaper. There in the ad section she saw a promotion for domesticated hucows. Hucow pets. She covertly lifted the overhanging page of the newspaper to get a better look. It showed the silhouette of a woman with hucow sized breasts with a leash on. Below it listed accessories such as breast pumps and anal plug tails, but what really drew her eye was the price. Over a million dollars! Who could own one at that price?!
She withdrew her finger and shifted away from the newspaper. She hadn't been taught about that in school. Mrs Jung's class only taught them about hucow farms. Was there a whole other world to hucows that she didn't know about? One that was cleaner and more exclusive than living at a farm?
She crossed her legs tightly as she waited for the bus. She would have to do some research when she got home.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
She did just that for the next week, which then turned into conflicted feeling for further weeks. The idea was tempting. Now that she was considering the world of hucows for herself, she was willing to admit that seeing both Mrs Jung and Tiffany go off to the farm had seemed like a good idea to her. Mrs Jung had once told them that there was a phenomenon around hucows that people called hucow fever. Some women were just predisposed to it. It was like a sirens call to them. For some it was the desire to breed endlessly and use their womb as nature intended. For others, it was a more sexual need. Perhaps Jasmine was one of those women. Definitely in the latter category. She didn't feel like a breeder, but the prospect of being a hucow offered a sexual high that she felt like she would never achieve anywhere else.
She always felt like she was in a struggle with herself. She had become addicted to the idea of stripping down and showing off much of her naked body off as she could, but it was all pushed back on by her own embarrassment and need to maintain her dignity. At times she wished she could push past that and wear nothing but a string bikini; saying fuck it to anyone who questioned her. However, she knew she never could. She would one day come down from that high and have to live with the embarrassment. If she were a hucow she would never have to come down from it. It was expected of her to crawl on all fours naked like a little slut.
That was what she wanted.
And to be worth so much as a hucow pet was the cherry on top. She wouldn't be some cheap farm animal rolling around in filth. She'd be something highly prized. She had always felt that her body was worth that much. Her tits alone were top class.
The more she thought about it, the more she became set on it. Now she had to make it a reality. She eventually settled on a safe first step.
Her dad's head shot up from his newspaper as she bounded down the stairs for breakfast. Her plump, bare breasts bounced around like crazy as she hurried into the kitchen.
'Good morning!'
'Jasmine! Wh-what are you doing?! Go put a shirt on.'
She opened the fridge and began making her breakfast.
'Nope. I like having my boobs out like this.'
She turned around and squeezed her arms together.
'What do you think, Daddy? Do my boobs look good?'
He spluttered, speechless. She laughed and turned back to the counter. Finally, he found his words.
'What's gotten into you?!'
'Have you ever seen domesticated hucows, Daddy?'
His shock fell away as he let out an exasperated chuckle.
'Ah! That's what this is about. You want to go to one of those hucow farms?'
'No, not a farm. I was thinking of becoming a domesticated hucow. One of those hucow pets.'
'A what?'
She explained to him what she had read. He thought for a moment and sighed.
'This is all crazy.'
'It's not crazy, Daddy! I want this so badly. It sounds so hot.'
'I'm sure this is just a phase.'
'It's not. I've been thinking about this for a long time.'
'Right. So if you're going to be a pet, then who will own you?'
'I don't know. I guess I hadn't really thought about that.'
'Will you sell yourself to some rich guy?'
'I guess I don't have to.'
He pushed his chair out to stretch his legs, all the while sizing her up. It went on for so long that Jasmine began to suspect he was just checking out her tits.
'Well if this is your decision, why don't I become your owner then? That way you can stay in the house you're comfortable with.'
Jasmines face lit up.
'That's a great idea! So you'll let me do it?'
'I guess I can't stop you.'
She squealed and leapt at him for a hug, oblivious to her bare breasts pressing into him. He wasn't, though. He had certainly noticed his little girl's change in wardrobe and the sight of her revealing cleavage. He would be lying if he said he wasn't starting to fantasize about her tits. Perhaps that was what influenced his decision. He had been dealing with his own conflicting feelings ever since then. He couldn't deny that he was curious to see more of his little girl's body.
'You know what, sweatheart. If you want to become a hucow pet, you should start dressing like one to prepare.'
'Dressing like one?'
'Naked. You should stop wearing clothes.'
She gave him a smile as she broke away from the hug. She hooked her thumbs under the hem of her shorts before pulling them down. He drank in the sight of his daughter standing before him, completely naked. Those big tits he had seen swell over the years, down to her shaven pussy, far more womanly than he could ever have imagined.
'You know, your uncle won't be surprised.'
'How come?'
'He always said he knew you'd become a hucow one day. Said you just had the body for it.'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Over the next few days Jasmine got used to walking around the house naked. The rush of her Daddy seeing her naked body was still there, but she became comfortable with having his eyes on her. She couldn't think of anyone better to see her metamorphosis into a hucow pet than him.
At first she had thought it would be a safe experiment to let him see her naked. He was her daddy, after all. But as she started noticing him getting hard in his pants as she walked by, she began to think there might be more there. It was exciting. The sudden rush of danger she felt knowing that he could take advantage of her exposed pussy at any moment was amazing. To her surprise, she found that she wasn't completely opposed to the idea. Her daddy had always meant the world to her and now she was going to give him total control of her body.
She had wondered what would happen after she became his hucow pet. Naked on all fours. Would he regularly have his way with her? The thought turned her on. Maybe this was right. She knew his body certainly reacted to hers.
She wanted to try it before she became a hucow. One night, she waited for him on his bed. When he entered, a knowing smile spread across his face at the sight of her.
'What's this?'
'I want to feel like a woman before I become your pet.'
He got onto the bed with her and she spread her legs. He had seen her pussy so much lately, it barely felt taboo for her to do so. Nothing needed to be said between the two. They both new a line had been crossed long ago. Now they could just enjoy it.
She moaned as his cock slipped inside her. It felt as good as she could have imagined. The weight of him bearing down on her as he slid deeper inside. His breath hot on the nape of her neck.
He began to thrust and she felt a warmth spread throughout her. This was it. This was what she was meant for. She wanted to experience this every day. A life of fucking and enjoying the bliss of her own body. She would never have to wear clothes again. She would never have to deal with the stresses in life. All for this man. She could just be naked and proud of her body. It was a body worth showing off to all the boys from her class. They could see her just like they saw Mrs Jung. But she would be more prestigious. A domesticated hucow worth millions. She would have to ask her Daddy to buy her a diamond collar. She felt like she deserved it.
She shook with orgasm under him, but he did not stop his relentless fucking. He was using her pussy as his personal fucktoy. That would be what she'd become. His personal fucktoy.
Finally, she felt him cumming inside her. The warmth of his cum spread throughout her pussy. She was his girl in every way, and he would soon be her owner. The thought turned her on even more. Her father's cum dripped down her pussy, leaving a sticky mess.
'We should take you to get done tomorrow.'
'Okay, Daddy.'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Jasmine's father, Owen, pulled up outside his parents' house. Today was a family get together for his cousin's birthday. The line of cars along the curb stretched on past the house. He came from a big family.
He stepped out of the car and opened the back door.
'Come on, girl.'
Jasmine crawled out of the back seat and onto the road. Her huge, hucow breasts hung low. Her fat teats resting against the bitumen. Owen quickly grabbed her leash and attached it to her collar.
'Let's get you off this hot road.'
He pulled the leash and she followed behind him. Her skin shone in the bright morning sun. Every inch; every curve of her body. Bare for all to see. She swayed her hips with each crawling step. He had watched her do that at home; knew just how much she was showing off her bare and glistening pussy off to anyone who might be behind. After nearly a month of her being like this, he had yet to grow accustomed to that sight. His beautiful daughter's hucow pussy. Ripe for the taking.
He led her through the gate and knocked on the door. One of his aunts, Trish, answered.
'Owen! Aw! Is this Jasmine?'
She bent down to look at Jasmine. First stroking her jet black hair that trailed down her shoulders, before caressing down the length of her huge breasts.
'She looks wonderful! I couldn't believe when you told me. Another wonderful hucow in our family. Oh she's just like her mother.'
'She is.'
Owen had always thought Jasmine took after her mother in looks. After seeing her strip naked for the first time, he noticed even more similarities. From the shape of her areola to the little bit of inner labia that hung between her lips. The more he thought on that, the more he began to love her as he did her mother.
When her mother left to become a hucow he went to see her. The farm she went to was far more private than the ones around here. He got a chance to see her, but couldn't touch. Those breasts he had once fondled and sucked on had become so swollen and stretched. They had once been even smaller than Jasmines, yet grew to twice the size of her head. He had wanted to feel them, to know what had changed, but was denied the right to by those she sold her body and mind to. Then there was her pussy. The pussy he had loved; felt wrapped around his cock; had cum deep inside of and watched it bear Jasmine. It had become so incredibly swollen and flushed so red it made him feel like he had never truly satisfied her. The thought that other bulls would be the ones now fucking and breeding her pussy instead of him was a hard pain to bear. He had begged her not to become a hucow, but the breeding fever had taken her far worse than he could control.
He went through a depression at the loss of his wife. He thought about becoming a bull with her so he could feel her pussy once more. Be the one to mindlessly breed her now that that was all she desired. But it wasn't right for him. His newborn daughter needed him. Instead he sought out hucow brothels and found ones who looked like his wife from behind. There he could lose himself in the fantasy of fucking his newly hucowed wife. Breeding her like she wanted. But he could only entertain that for so long before he realised it wasn't filling that hole she left.
Now he could reignite that fantasy with Jasmine. The first time he slipped into her pussy after the procedure, he was reminded of all those sensations. The plump pressure of a hucow's pussy. The warmth of it. With the hucow prostitutes, he was chasing something he couldn't reach, but with Jasmine, it felt like he hit home deep inside her. This was his hucow. He could take care of her and give her what she needed. Even if she was his daughter. He knew his ex-wife would let any of her bull sons mount her without any thought or hesitation if given the chance. So why shouldn't he enjoy the deep passion he and Jasmine shared.
'Everyone's out the back. Bring her out and show her off!'
Trish led them through the cold tiled kitchen to the back deck. As Owen led Jasmine through the door, everyone turned to look. Trish took over the introductions.
'Everyone, you remember Jasmine.'
She knelt down and lifted Jasmine's shoulders, forcing her to sit back on her knees. Her large, hucow breasts rested in her lap.
'Well will you look at that.' Uncle Gerald came over and knelt beside her too. 'I remember her always dressing like she had nothing to offer. Who knew she was such a slut underneath.'
He ran his hands over her breasts. 'God! I never knew she had nipples this big. What were you feeding her!'
Trish slapped him on the back.
'The hucow serum does that to them, Gerald, you fool. How do you think they milk them without big teats?'
'Well I don't know these things.'
The rest of the family crowded around her, prodding and poking at Owen's new toy.
'Am I going to make a fool of myself again, or did little Jasmine always have a puffy pussy.'
'That's the serum... I think. Is that in our genes?'
'I'm not telling you one way or the other.'
Owen watched them play with Jasmine with pride. He was happy that she was here with family rather than at some farm. Jasmine closed her eyes and leant into their hands as they massaged her naked body. Even though the serum reduced her mental capabilities down to just instinct, she looked like she was enjoying the attention.
One of Owen's cousins came up and tapped him on the shoulder.
'Hey man. Mind if we bring Jasmine back to the lounge room. I'm sure some of the guys would like to have a go on her now that she's like this. You know what I mean?'
Owen was surprised at the forward request, but the more he thought about it, the more it turned to anger.
'No! She's my little girl.'
'Okay. Okay. We just thought we'd ask. Hucows are designed for that sort of thing. Jasmine must have been a pretty big slut to go through with it, y'know? Don't you think she'd want something like that?'
'The answer's no.'
'Fair enough. I'll get you a beer, okay?'
Owen brought Jasmine back inside before returning to the deck. As he drank and ate, he reflected on his anger. They weren't wrong to ask. Hucows like his ex-wife were used and fucked like nothing. Their rights were signed away to a farm to be bred at will. Their pregnant pussies played with by visitors and curious, former friends. But Jasmine wasn't signed over to a farm. She was domesticated. That meant something different. He didn't want anyone else to have Jasmine. She was his little girl, now something more than that.
As he stepped back inside to use the bathroom, he spotted Jasmine's younger cousins, nieces and nephews patting her like she was a dog. One giggling as they bounced her pendulous breasts. They had once treated her with the respect of an older family member, but even they had no qualms with handling her like the hucow she was now. He noticed a glistening trail dripping down her thigh from her pussy. Hucows had overly stimulated libidos. No doubt she was horny out of her mind right now from having her breasts played with. Showing her shamelessly flushed pussy to any of her aunts and uncles as they walked by. Even her innocent nieces and nephews if they looked behind her. He wondered if she would be embarrassed out of her mind if she knew, or would this have excited her more? She had told him how much she liked him looking at her breasts and buttocks before she got the procedure.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Owen set the plate down after washing up. Right then there was a knock at the door. Good, he thought. He was expecting his uncle Gerald to bring the lawn mower back today. He hurried to the door and opened it.
'Owen, good, you're home. Come help me pull it off the back of the truck.'
Owen grabbed his shoes to follow his uncle. Before heading out he checked in the living room. Jasmine lay in her hucow sized dog bed, her black hair splayed out over the sides. She didn't notice him, instead continuing to lay there with her legs spread wide, playing with her pussy. Wet sounds emanated from her corner as she rubbed her puffy pussy. He had taken the time to keep it clean shaven like she preferred, though there were times where he wouldn't have minded seeing her with some hair down there. That was how her mother kept it.
'Be back in a bit, sweetheart.'
He helped Gerald unload the lawnmower and put it back in the shed.
'You're a lifesaver. I can't afford a new one until the end of the month.'
'You need to dig up those rocks.'
'This wasn't the big one. They're hidden all over. But I know that big one is like an iceberg. I'll have a pool when I dig it out. Hey, do you have any drinks. I want to give Jasmine a visit.'
'Yeah. I've got some beers in the fridge.'
They both stepped inside. Gerald headed into the living room while Owen went to get the beers. He could hear Gerald making cooing sounds at Jasmine like she was a puppy. He knew Gerald's routine for every time he saw Jasmine. He would try and hide it but Owen had caught him a few times. He would start by rubbing his hand up her pussy to feel the heat, then run his hands up her hips before giving her big tits a squeeze.
Owen rounded the corner to find him scratching his fingers through Jasmine's long hair. And that was the last part of his routine. Something he could hang on that looked more innocent if he got caught. Jasmine looked like she was enjoying the head scratches though. She had even given up on rubbing her pussy for a bit.
'Here's your beer.'
'Thanks, champ.'
He took the beer and sat on the couch. Jasmine followed him, craving more physical touch. Her huge breasts swayed beneath her, banging against the coffee table as she passed.
'Have you thought about getting her bred?'
Owen looked up from Jasmine to Gerald.
'Why?'
'I don't know. That's what you do with hucows, isn't it?'
'For breeding livestock, maybe. She's domesticated. She doesn't have to do that.'
'Do you want grandkids? Continue yours and Elaine's line on.'
'I'm sure Elaine is doing enough to continue her own line on at the farm.' It was almost 19 years since she left for the farm. Sometimes the thought of how many times she'd been bred in that time entered his mind.
'Well would Jasmine have wanted a child? Whatever the reason, the only way for her to be bred is by a bull now.'
Hucow biology was either too different from regular humans or there was just something with hucow wombs and eggs, but a normal man's sperm wasn't able to impregnate one.
'I don't know. I guess if she was still a woman I would want her to wait before having kids anyway.'
'Yeah, but that's what we think about our children. We always want the best for them. To get their life sorted before settling down. Jasmine's life is sorted. Her body's built for sex and breeding. Get her bred. She'll love it.'
I thought on his words as we finished our beers.
'Well, I've got to get going. Look after this little miss.'
He gave her one last scratch.
'Oh, before you go. Take some of her milk with you and give it to the rest of the family. I have more than enough.'
Gerald chuckled and looked down at Jasmine.
'With udders like hers, I don't doubt that she's producing a lot.'
Owen handed him a tray of bottles. He thanked him with a big smile and loaded the milk into his truck. After he pulled away, Owen sank back onto the couch and Jasmine hopped into his lap.
'What do you think, sweetheart? Should we breed you?'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Owen panted as he pulled his deflating cock from his daughter's pussy. She squirmed beneath him, still moaning ever so slightly in the aftershocks of her orgasm.
He sat back and marvelled at the sight of his cum dripping from her puffy pussy. Even now it was still deliciously dirty to think that this was his little girl's pussy. No, not his little girl's pussy. His mature daughter's pussy. Every part of her was so womanly now. Only a woman could have thighs as thick as these.
As he went to stand up, he noticed milk pooling beneath her breast on the carpet.
'Oh shit!'
He jumped up to grab a towel before it stained. Jasmine had left milk patches all over the carpet. In every room. It was becoming a problem.
'If you could just produce less milk, that would be perfect.'
Despite his hatred of hucow farms, he could see why not many people kept domesticated hucows. They did need a barn that could continuously milk them.
After wiping her down and setting her back in her bed, he flopped down onto the couch and pulled his phone out. Jasmine had shown him some domesticated hucow accessories way back before her procedure. He wondered if there was something to deal with all the milk. Some kind of bib or something? No that wouldn't work. Not to mention it would have to be huge to fit over her breasts. At that point she may as well be wearing clothes, and he had become accustomed to the sight of her naked figure every morning.
Maybe a pill to reduce milk production. That could work. He searched for that and scrolled through the results. However, something else caught his eye.
A drug was listed among the other hucow products. Male fertility for hucow breeding. Weren't bulls already very virile? He clicked on it and read the description. His eyes went wide. It was for human men, not bulls. He read further, forgetting his initial reason for searching.
"Want to breed your hucows but don't want to become a bull? Bullsuprex is the answer for you! With one quick injection to the testes, you too can feel the joys of breeding hucows that bulls get to experience every day."
It sounded too good to be true. As he read down, his suspicion was confirmed.
"Bullsuprex has taken the proteins from a bull and synthesised them into a powerful injection that changes your sperm into bull sperm for a limited duration (2 days -- 1 week). Bullsuprex WILL cause irreparable damage to your testes after injection, resulting in infertility. Bullsuprex can only take effect on fertile males with functioning testes. Please consult your doctor before using Bullsuprex to ensure that this drug is right for you."
He sat and stared at the page for a while. Gerald's words telling him that hucows should be bred rung in his head. He didn't want to let another bull touch his little girl. He wouldn't let her be used like Elaine. But if it was him who bred her...
He looked over at Jasmine. She played with her pussy as she watched him. Her vacant eyes seemed to communicate words that only he understood. She loved him more than anything. He knew that. He was the one she came to about her desire to become a hucow. She had experimented with going naked for the first time around him. She had let him take her to bed. And she had chosen him to become her owner. The ultimate gift. She would want him to be the one to breed her. The infertility didn't matter. He would never be having kids with another woman. The only relationship he wanted was with Jasmine. One beautiful child that they could have together.
He ordered the drug.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
He brought Jasmine up to his room and kissed all along her body. Did she know what surprise he had for her tonight? He doubted it, but he knew she would love it. He rolled her onto her hands and knees and kissed up her thighs to her beautiful, puffy pussy. It was blooming like a rose, flushed and glistening. Ready to be bred.
He stood up and grabbed the syringe. One last check of the instructions confirmed what he had to do. He knew it would hurt. He sat down and drove the needle into his testicle. He cried out at the stabbing sensation, but forced himself to keep his hand steady. He depressed the syringe halfway. One. He repeated on the other side until both balls had been injected. He laid back on the bed and waited. It did say that it could take up to an hour to set in. He turned his head and watched Jasmine as she pulled at her teats and played with her pussy. He had set her off with his affection and now she wanted more. Soon. He drifted off as he laid there watching her.
He awoke not long after to the tickling of Jasmines hair. He brushed it away from his face only to have her large breast slap into the side of it instead. She dragged it over his face and down his chest as she sniffed down his body. He had never seen her so curious. It was like she was back to the girl he knew before.
She swung her leg over his head as she made her way down to his cock. He found her pussy now inches away from his face. Whether due to waking up this way, or the effects of the drug, he felt ravenous for her body. He grabbed her hips and pulled her pussy down to his mouth. He licked and sucked her swollen lips, feeling a river of her juices pouring out of her. More than usual. She tasted sweeter too. Could she tell what was about to happen? Was her body preparing her to be bred? The lust grew in him seeing her body so openly reveal such a dirty truth within her. She was desperate to be bred by him, her father.
He felt her sniff around his growing cock, desperate to fulfil the overpowering, instinctual urges she had chosen to reduce her mind to. Driven by nothing but them. It didn't take him long to become rock hard, and once there it felt like it strained to get harder. More and more, in an unnatural way. Surely it was just in his mind with how horny he was. He pulled her pussy away from his face and looked down at his cock. The biggest vein he had ever seen coursed down it. He suddenly felt that something might be wrong.
His cock strained more and more to get hard. It began to ache. Then hurt.
'Hang on, sweetheart!'
He struggled to push her off as she dimly bumped her head against his cock. Once she was off he stood up, instantly regretting it. As his balls fell down, a sharp pain coursed up them. They were incredibly swollen. It looked like his balls had been replaced with large oranges in his sack. He ran a finger over them. They felt real, but they were too huge to be. His cock strained and strained until he felt a pop, followed by a limited amount of relief. He blinked down through the pain. His cock almost looked bigger. Maybe it was just his balls throwing everything off. The popping continued now and then as he watched new veins rise to the surface. He couldn't tell if his foreskin was pulling back on its own, or his knob was extending from it, but his glans soon slipped free and arched out fiercely.
Jasmine hopped off the bed and crawled over to him with more speed than he had seen from her. Unbeknownst to him, she was drawn to the new scent now given off from his exposed glans. She nuzzled her face into his shaft, awkwardly licking it as she rubbed her head against him. Despite the pain rising with every strain of his cock, the sudden sight of Jasmine's naked body caused a lust to well in him that overpowered it.
He ran his hands over her bare back. Her skin was so soft. So feminine. His cock strained. Her breasts pushed into his legs. So big. So soft. So much weight to them. His eyes followed her waist down to the curve of her ass. He knew her pussy was sticking out between her fat thighs. There, ready for him. He couldn't see her as anything resembling his daughter anymore. No lingering memories of her growing up. No familial emotions. All she was right now was a pussy for him to use. He had, of course, known she was a girl from the moment she was born, but it felt that only now he truly understood what her being a girl meant. Men and women were two sides of a coin. She had always been on the other side of the coin, despite being his daughter. She had a pussy to take his cock and a womb to take his seed. No matter their relation, she could fall pregnant the moment they both embraced the nature of their sex. The rules of nature were far rawer and deeper than he could appreciate in civilised society. His cock strained even more, but the pain was becoming empowering. He knew it hurt because of how hard it was. So hard he could spear straight into her and never pull out. He knew the soft confines of her pussy would ease its pain once inside.
The air felt dense with the smell of her dripping pussy. It was driving him crazy. At the same time, she was frantically nuzzling her face against his cock. Her hot breath coming out in gasps as she licked up its length. He knew how fertile she was. How ready her womb was. Though he had no idea how different the member between his legs had become, he knew he now had a cock that could fix that.
He moved around behind her and pushed her down onto the floor. His flared knob so dark with blood as it grew so far out of its foreskin toward her. He had planned to breed her on his bed, the same place he had conceived her with Elaine. The place where good hucow daughters were conceived. God he wanted more pussies to fuck right now! His daughter. Her mother. Any hucow's dripping hole. But in his current state he had no mind to bring her to the bed. He just needed to breed. His cock couldn't stand being out of her pussy for any longer. She went submissive under his guiding hands and raised her ass up for him. Her beautiful lips parted slowly; thicker juices than he had ever seen clung between them. The bull scent his cock was giving off was driving her wild. Her messy, hucow pussy was ready to be bred for the first time in her life. There was barely any bit of the girl he had raised left in there. She was just an animal so desperately in heat. Only conscious of her need for cock, regardless of the source.
Before he knew it, he was inside her. Her hips pressed against his own. She let out a loud moan as his straining cock filled her up. It still felt like he was growing bigger. Or maybe his cock was swelling up from the amount of blood. His knob rested firmly pressed into the opening of her cervix. Where it belonged.
Nothing in the world around him was clear. Only the invigorating feeling of fucking her. His daughter's pussy had never felt so good. It was so wet. Burning hot inside and so very wet. It seemed to spasm with every thrust, squeezing back onto him. For the first time, in the many times they'd fucked, he felt like he was truly experiencing her hucow pussy. It conformed to the power of his cock, adjusting to its new shape. They rutted like wild animals, letting their moans and wails sing out without a care for the neighbours. All that mattered was breeding her.
His cock hurt as it stretched further out of his foreskin, but he was completely out of control. His hips moved wildly as he slammed into her. His mind was flooded with lust, blurring everything that wasn't the feeling of her pussy on the end of his cock. More! He needed more. He felt the instinctual need to cum deep inside her. He had to empty his balls before they exploded. There was so much. She could take it. The smell of her sex in the air told him she was fertile and ready to bear his child. She WOULD bear it. God! He wondered if this was what it was like to breed as a bull. To breed Elaine after she became a hucow. It felt better than any sex he had ever had.
His balls tightened, pinching on their already sore nerves, until he shot his load. He pumped again and again into his daughter while he was blissfully lost in orgasm. It was only when he began to come back down that he realised just how much there was. His cock just kept pumping. It leaked out around his cock and ran down Jasmine's thighs. His baby making cum. She was now so full of it. Seeking out the egg in her womb. His daughter's egg. It was so wrong. He had done something so mature with her. An act he had never imagined her doing with any man, let alone her father. He couldn't stop the need to breed pushing him on. Her vulnerable womb would undoubtedly be pregnant by the end of this week. He already felt the need to cum in her again and it had only been a few minutes.
Once he finally felt it stop pulsing, he pulled his sticky cock out of her. He had never seen her pussy gape that wide. It twitched and spasmed as it felt the empty space he left behind. She mewled into the carpet, sliding her weak knees out in exhaustion. As she changed position, a new glob of cum dripped out of her and onto the carpet. There was also a large pool of milk underneath her, leaking from her teats.
'Shit. Hold on. I'll get something.'
He stumbled from the room as he felt his senses return. His balls still ached as they bounced off his thighs, but he felt better after cumming in her. The beast that had taken over him seemed satisfied for the moment.
He opened the linen cupboard and pulled a towel out. He took a moment to look down at himself. His cock still sported those big veins as it rested on the mounds of his testicles. The foreskin hung loose, halfway down his shaft, the frenulum having snapped during their rough mating, leaving his elongated cock exposed. He barely felt its sting over the ache of his cock. In fact, the sight of his new cock ripping its way out of its confines turned him on further. He thought back to what he had just done. He had bred Jasmine. He had bred his daughter. But it felt so right. He felt powerful. With this cock he could breed her. This monster between his legs was just what her hucow pussy needed. She was his hucow pet, and would be forever. And after tonight she would bear his child. It was inevitable with how much cum he'd be pumping into her.
He returned to the bedroom with the towel. However, when he opened the door he spotted Jasmine on all fours again. She rubbed her swollen pussy between her legs, still looking for more. He had never appreciated just how soft her ass was as he thrust into it. Or how sexy her huge breasts were when they were squished underneath her. Every part of her looked more perfect than any human woman could compare to. Her hucow body was the most enticing thing to him right now. And the smell of her sex in the air. He had never smelled such an intoxicating scent before taking these drugs. She was amazing. He felt his cock straining once more. Painfully yearning to grow to the true length of a bull as it stood rigidly pointing at his daughter.
He dropped the towel and got back between her legs again. Cleaning didn't matter. He only wanted to breed forever.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The drugs lasted about four days. Four wonderful days. Four wonderful, yet painful days as the drug still strained at his cock and balls, begging them to go beyond human limit. His balls burned as they churned out the cum of practically a different species that they weren't intended to make. The species his daughter now belonged to. A world, he came to realise, that she occupied separately from him. At least for those few days he got to share it with her.
He had woken up naked on the bed with Jasmine on the first day after their breeding session the night before. For the remaining days he never put on any clothes. He laid naked with Jasmine as if they were a hucow and bull in heat. Lost to their lust. Oblivious to the outside world. He only had the purpose of breeding her sweet pussy. He felt he began to understand her over those days, like he had learned a new unspoken language that she responded to. She responded in sync to every one of his movements. She knew he wanted to fuck before he even got hard. He knew when she needed to be milked from just the scent on her skin, but he was unable to focus long enough to milk her. He instead resorted to drinking deeply from her teats while they mated.
They went at it like animals almost non-stop every day. He couldn't help himself. The drugs were too powerful and he became uncontrollably horny whenever her saw his little girl's hucow pussy. The drugs drove her crazy too. She followed him everywhere like a shadow, presenting her constantly wet pussy to him. She shared the same desire to fall pregnant over these four days that he held.
During that time, he became convinced that he wanted to become a bull with her, so that they could mate with this intensity forever. So they could breed forever until her pussy slackened and gaped like an aging, breeding hucow. So that he never had to give up this new cock. But when he began to return to normal, he remembered why he chose to remain human all those years back. Once the drug wore off, his balls returned to their normal size, but his cock retained some of its new length. He would never fix the damage to his frenulum, though. The sad realisation that he was now infertile set in as he came down from the drug. All of the power he had felt with his bull cock was now gone. Just an ordinary human cock left behind. He just hoped that it was enough to impregnate Jasmine as there wouldn't be a second chance.
He took her to a farm's clinic and waited for the news. She was. He felt more elated at the news than he had back when he learned Elaine was first pregnant. This baby was a little miracle between him and Jasmine. One born out of such passionate and animalistic breeding. Such a different world that he got to join his daughter in. He drove her back to their little love nest, thinking back to those four incredible days. The smells and lustful thoughts that led him to put that baby in her. By the time he arrived home, he was already hard. They barely made it through the doorway before he ripped his pants off and plunged his cock back into her.
Their lovemaking could never again match the intensity of her breeding. He'd always miss that after having tasted it once. But he knew the life growing within Jasmine more than made up for it. She would never be bred by some strange bull like her mother was. Only him.
Days turned into weeks, weeks turned into months. He doted over her as her belly began to swell. He remembered the time he spent with Elaine in this house, watching her belly grow. Despite how messed up their relationship had become, he was proud to see his daughter go through the same experience he and her mother had gone through. Becoming a mother. But perhaps it was rawer than that for her. He had seen it in Elaine after she joined the farm. He had seen a glimpse of her world when on the drug. She had fulfilled her desperate and ever-present need to be bred. Her pussy was made to be used. Her womb was made to be filled and swell. Her simple mind demanded only that. She had successfully been bred to one day spread her legs and give birth for him. She only desired the breeding part, nothing more. It was selfish for him to deny her further breedings, but he didn't care. She was his.
He wondered if she'd have a boy or a girl. If it was a girl, would she want to follow in her mother's footsteps when she got older? If it was a boy, would it be impossible to keep him out of his mother once he hit puberty. Owen couldn't imagine a boy going through puberty with a hucow pet in the house. Her pussy was always so inviting to him when he saw it poking out between her thighs. Given that this pregnancy came from incest, he had no doubt that the boy would have no issue fucking his own hucow mother. Maybe he would let his son take the drug and breed her one day. She deserved to have that need fulfilled once more in her life.
It was sexy to see her pad around the house with her large belly hanging beneath her. Their baby growing within. As her belly swelled, her hips widened, her areolas became darker, and her breasts swelled further. The true body of a bred hucow, like her mother.
Despite her body growing heavier, she still had the same energy for sex whenever he wanted it. Her body really was made for sex now. She was made to be bred. He often marvelled at how incredible she was. He only wished that he could experience those wonderful four days with her again. Lost once more in the lust haze and desire to breed her. He could only wonder what passions that bull-hormone fuelled mind could create at the sight of her bred body.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Owen led Jasmine out onto the deck at his father's place once more. Another family gathering for another birthday. He pulled Jasmine's lead as she hefted her heavily pregnant body along. She was close to her due date now. Her belly button stuck out on her large, round belly as it hung low. One of his aunties came over to see her.
'Oh, doesn't she look wonderful, bred like that. It's so wonderful to see her pregnancy develop so openly. I feel like I'm missing out with Belle.'
'Mum! You know everything that's happening with the baby.' Belle came over to her mother, cradling her own pregnant belly beneath her maternity clothes. 'What, do you want me to go naked like Jasmine?'
'Of course not, dear. That's for hucows. Pregnancy is just a beautiful thing that's easy to forget when you're going through it yourself. Seeing Jasmine pregnant like this is a nice reminder.'
Belle knelt down beside Jasmine and held her belly out to her.
'If only she understood me. I'd love to tell her that we're going to become mothers together. She's going to have another cousin.'
Owen smiled. 'I'm sure she knows.'
Belle's mother put her hand on her daughter's shoulder. 'You could hardly call her a mother, dear. She won't even see her child once she gives birth. It'll be sent off to a nursery so she can be bred once more.'
The smile fell from Owen's face. 'No. I'm going to raise her baby.'
'You are? Well I suppose it is your grandchild. You know it will have some of her hucow genes, right? They're really no good for anything other than being breeding stock themselves.'
'It'll still have her genes.'
He looked down at his beautiful daughter. While the effects of the bull drug had long since faded from his mind, he still remembered what he had seen when he looked at his daughter during those days. The passionate images the curves of her body created in his mind. The animalistic way of looking at a hucows body that the drugs had revealed to him. Her way of thinking now. He found that normal women's bodies didn't do it for him anymore. He only found hucows attractive. And the most beautiful of all was his daughter's hucow pussy. If she gave birth to a daughter, then let her take her mother's hucow genes. They were perfect.
Belle and her mother left, only to be replaced by Gerald, who came and gave Owen a slap on the back.
'Good to see you took my advice. Look at this lovely belly on her. Where did you get her bred?'
'What are you going to try them out? It doesn't matter where.'
'Well I bet she enjoyed every moment of being bred. These hucows can get wild when it comes time.'
Owen smiled once more, remembering how she pushed her hips back into his with such intensity that first night. How wild he himself had been. The perfect way to breed.
'Yeah, she did.'