This is My Story Wanda At The Beach from the point of view of Dillon the villain of the series. I do not like Dillon he is meant to be the bad guy.
The day had come at last. I got Wanda right where I wanted her. I had been dreaming of this for years. We had all just turned eighteen and were going to be graduating high school in a couple of months.
Wanda had been the object of desire for the boys of our high school for years. Or more specifically her big black tits were. Wanda was the only black girl in our school. Her dad was a dentist or something so they didn't have to live like the usual ghetto trash. We had all been curious to get a look at Wanda's rack. It looked like she had two half watermelons growing out of her chest. I know black guys like booties but I am sure she could take her pick of gang bangers to go picking in her melon patch. Where we lived dating black girls just wasn't done though. We all wanted to fuck Wanda or maybe wear her tits like Mickey Mouse ears. But one thing stopped us.
Wanda had started dating the one Mexican kid in school. Julio Duran was known around the school as Julie. He had a girls nickname because we thought he was a closet bone smoker. His father was some semi-famous boxer who got his ass kicked a couple of times on cable and made enough to move out of taco town into our nice community. Julie's family probably didn't want him dating black girls either but didn't want to rock the boat too much. It was enough that Julie at least pretending to date a girl. Those macho cholo types like Julie's dad would be so ashamed to have a queer son. Julie had been trained in boxing to compensate for his loser father's career. I found that out the hard way when Julie sucker punched me the first day of high school.
I was way bigger than Julie at the time and could have mopped the floor with his greaseball ass. Luckily for him, the teacher sent him to the principal's office before I really hurt him. After his suspension, I decided it was best to let it go. No point involving myself with one of those violent ethnic types. Especially one who might touch me and get his gayness on me.
Julie and Wanda started dating right after that. Wanda really came out of her shell over the years. She started hanging around my sister Britney and her friend Ashley. Julie pretty much kept to himself. Except for Wanda he rarely talked to anyone. He spent most of his high school years In the gym pumping iron and sweating it up with men in the ring. As a result, he got big muscles and a bashed in face.
I guess by senior year Wanda had enough of Julie's latent homosexuality and scarred up face. I overheard my sister on the phone with Wanda. Wanda was leaving for college next fall. Some affirmative action scholarship or something. Wanda had only ever been with Julie and my sister and Ashley thought she should open up in college. Britney and Ashley convinced Wanda that she and Julie should have an open relationship while Wanda was away.
Apparently, that didn't go over too well with Julie. Wanda and Julie broke up after a long argument. Over the next couple of days, Julie was completely silent at school.
Wanda was very flirty with the other boys in school. The boys were afraid to reciprocate because of Julie. My sister and Ashley convinced Wanda she should seek out guys from outside high school. Spring break was coming up and the beach was the perfect place for Wanda to expand her dating life to college guys.
That was when I had my brilliant idea. Britney and Ashley were looking to make some money before college. I had the perfect plan for them to collect money from every red-blooded guy in our school. It would be easy to pull off since most of the boys were planning on being at the beach anyway, especially since Wanda was planning on rocking a swimsuit.
Ashley and Britney convinced Wanda that she needed a bikini to really get the college guys attention. Ashley was an all-state volleyball player and the three of them decided the Beach volleyball courts would be the perfect location to flirt with athletic college boys. Ashley could hustle the guys in a game to break the ice and Wanda's tits could seal the deal. They would have college guys lined up to give away their phone numbers. This was perfect since the beach courts had bleachers set up to watch the games.
The big day arrived and we had it all worked out. The bleachers were packed with guys from our school. Britney and Ashley were going to make a killing. Almost every guy from our school had shown up to see this. My four buddies had gotten a hold of camcorders for this. Most of the boys in the stands had brought cameras for the event.
Lots of pics were being taken of Wanda in her yellow bikini. Wanda could see all the cameras pointed at her. She was aware of my buddies spread out with their camcorders focused on her. She was enjoying the attention. She like showing off. It wouldn't be long until she was really showing off.
As was planned Ashley hustled up a game of three on three with a group of athletic college guys. They were the surfer/stoner type of guy. They didn't argue when Wand wanted to serve the whole game. They weren't about to argue with Wanda's rack. Whatever she wanted they were good with it. That was part of the plan. Wanda would have her back to the bleachers but she would only be a few feet away from the crowd. I was seated right in front. I had a great view of Wanda's ass. It was like a rap video with her big black ass bouncing right in front of me.
As the girls planned Ashley made quick work of the college guys. Finishing the game with a spike that bounced off the one player's white boy dreadlocked head. Ashley and Britney gave the double thumbs up signal to the crowd that the trap was about to be set.
Britney and Ashley joined Wanda at the back of the court. They exchanged hi-fives. All of a sudden Britney spun Wanda so she was facing the crowd. I was all ready to my feet. I was looking Wanda in the eye when my sister spun her around. Ashley and Britney grabbed Wanda's arms and lifted them into the air. Wanda thought it was a victory gesture. Her big tits bounced in front of me. Wanda wasn't happy to be jiggling around right in front of me. You could tell she wasn't comfortable having so much bare skin on display less than a foot from me.
Wanda tried to lower her arms to lessen her vulnerability. Unfortunately for her, my sister and Ashley each had a firm grasp on her arms. Wanda tried to wrench her arms free but just managed to send her breasts bouncing about wildly in her bikini top. I watched the jiggle-fest with great joy. Wanda looked into my eyes with great hatred. She was still holding a grudge from my bra snapping days back in middle school. She didn't appreciate the obvious pleasure I was getting out of this. My cock was already rock hard from my anticipation of what was about to happen.
Wanda looked behind me and saw the huge crowd of boys from our school at its feet. Everyone focused in on Wanda. She saw several boys armed with cameras already snapping pictures. My buddy caught Wanda look directly into his video camera. Her eyes flicked back to me. You can actually see the reality of the situation wash over her. It dawns on her that her friends are holding her arms like that for a reason. All the boys from school are there for a reason. The cameras are focused on her for a reason. And most of all I am smiling like that for a reason.
Wanda knows the reason for all of it. You can see on tape the instant she realizes what is about to happen. Her eyes locked on mine. She didn't even bother to plead with me she knew her pleas would fall on deaf ears. I stepped to the side so the crowd had a clear view of Wanda. I moved to Wanda's left side right in front of Britney. Wanda had a clear view of most of the boys from our school. Most of these guys she had known since elementary school. She had sat in countless classes with these boys. She was about to fulfill dreams they had all had of her for years. The only notable absence was Julie. I really wished I could have seen his face as I did this to his lady.
I ran my hand up Wanda's bare stomach. I could feel her muscles tense at my invasive touch. She tried one last time to free her arms as my hand approached her top. Once again all she managed to do was shake her knockers around now in full view of her audience. I slipped my fingers under her bikini top. I brushed the bottoms of Wanda's giant orbs. They were so soft like warm velvet. Wanda ceased to struggle when I made contact with her tit flesh. Her eye widened at this first violation of her precious boobs.
I closed my fist around the material of her bikini. Her eyes met mine for a second before returning to the crowd. The panic in her face sent a warm tingling through my balls. A hush fell over the crowd as I started to lift Wanda's top. From the corner of my eye, I could see cameras flashing as the school was documenting this event. The bottom of Wanda's large dark areolas came into view. They were dark brown against the mocha color of her giant breasts. Her areolas were huge probably three inches across. They were slightly puckered from the excitement she must have been feeling from all these guys about to see.
When Wanda's nipples came into view I almost came right in my shorts. They were as hard and as long as the tips of my finger. I looked at Ashley and she was shocked at how amazing Wanda's uncovered rack was. The tops of Wanda's areolas came into view. There was a rumble from the crowd. It grew louder as the tops of Wanda's tits came into view. I yanked her bikini all the way up to her throat and the rumble turned into a deafening roar.
Again Wanda tried to pull her arms free. Her now bare breasts flew so wildly they almost hit me in the face. The violent shaking of Wanda's massive breasts set off another wave of cheering from the crowd. One of my buddies with the camcorders stepped up from the crowd. He started filming Wanda's tits from close up. He was capturing every detail of Wanda's spectacular black tits.
It was at that point that I could no longer resist the desire to get my hands on Wanda's tits. I had been imagining this for years. I grabbed her left breast and gave it a good shake It was like a big balloon filled with warm water. I gave her tit a good squeeze. Then I bounced it up and down. The crowd cheered as I juggled Wanda in circles. I felt a familiar pressure in my cock. I was on the brink of explosion. I took her firm nipple tips between my thumb and forefinger and clamped down. The sound that escaped Wanda made me gush a vanilla shake right in my shorts. It was a mixture of shock and pain and shame and pleasure all at once.
With her mouth wide open like that Wanda made me think of one thing. I really Wanted to see Wanda suck her own boob. So I yanked her nipple up to her mouth. The crowd was thinking the same thing as a "suck it" chant started to build. I guess Wanda still had some sense of shame because she turned her head away at the last instant. I ended up brushing her nipple against her chin.
Satisfied with what I accomplished I stepped back in front of Wanda. She knew that I had finally done this to her. I lowered her top over her breasts. The crowd let loose with loud booing. I looked Wanda in the eye. I was wondering if she really wanted to deny the crowd what they wanted. She actually tried to spit on me but she couldn't.
I took that as my cue to pull her top back up. Wanda was every bit as shocked the second time as she had been the first. The boys in the audience were just as excited by the second helping of chocolate juggs as the first
My dick was rock hard again after orgasming only seconds ago. I knew what I wanted next as I looked at Wanda's juicy nipples. Wanda's eyes told me she knew what I was thinking. I bent my head to her huge right hooter. Wanda threw her head back in denial as I ran my tongue over her puckered areola. I could taste the cocoa butter she used she actually tasted like chocolate as I pulled her nip through my lips. I swirled her tip with my tongue as a sucked hard. I could feel another orgasm build in my balls and knew if I could get her to make that sound she made when I clamped down on her nipple before I could cum again.
I quickly switched to her left teat and bit gently into her black nip. Wanda let out a pained squeal and I could feel the fluid dribble from my cock. I needed more to reach the next explosion. The crowd had the right idea. They began chanting for Wanda's pussy.
I looked Wanda in her frightened eyes. She knew where this was going. The crowd demanded satisfaction. I ran my gaze down her body. I looked at her high cut bikini bottoms. They would look so sexy around Wanda's ankles. I wanted to spank that big black ass of hers. The crowd would go crazy seeing that bare ass bounce at my slaps. I was eager to see that pink pussy of hers. I returned to Wanda's eyes they were begging me not to even though she knew there was no way she was keeping those panties.
My sister and Ashley were able to tell I was about to reveal Wanda's last secrets to the world. They wisely decided that was too much and Wanda go. In retrospect, I am glad they did. I don't know where it would have ended if I had been allowed to continue. I honestly was having flashes of slamming my cock into Wanda. The face she would make as I buried my dick to the hilt in her pussy. It was good Britney and Ashley stopped me before I did something bad.
Wanda pulled her top back down. I went to let her know what a great sport she had been about our prank. She had no sense of humor apparently. She punched me in the nose. I was off balance and tripped. Wanda stood above me. My nose was broken and bleeding into my hands. I was still dribbling from my cock. I wasn't going to let her have that victory though.
"Worth it," I said through a bloody smile.
Wanda turned and ran away, past the line of boys who were paying off Britney and Ashley for their part in the betrayal.
"See you at graduation," I yelled at Wanda getting in the last word.