I can't believe I did that...I can't believe I just did that! Once I was finally able to pull out of Bridget, I scrambled out of the car while she got dressed. Standing outside in the cool night air, I was able to clear my head. Sands had received my home address from the dean as part of the agreement for becoming her model. I was grateful to be brought straight home instead of the school, or even Bridget's house, but now I was standing naked on the gravel parkway outside my apartment complex. I didn't pay much mind to my present circumstances while I was still reeling over my previous situation.
What was I thinking!? I just fucked one of my students right in front of my colleague! In the back seat of her car no less. What am I, a teenager? What could have possessed me to be so...so...arrgh!
Still kicking myself for my shameless behavior, Delia and Bridget exited the car looking a lot more pleased than I did. "That was magnificent! Who knew you two had such good chemistry? I thought at first that your relationship was a casual fling doomed to fizzle out. But after that display, I am thoroughly convinced you two are made for each other! The way you moved together was like poetry in motion, a true work of art. Two gorgeous people coming together to drown in the passion of their own love, and to think I was lucky enough to see it all right in front of me!"
My face turned redder and redder with every other word out of Delia's mouth. There was no denying her claims, I basically provided her a free peepshow and she drew a freaking picture of it. Why did the sex have to be so good? It was like the world around me vanished once Bridget and I started going at it. We could have been back on the stage and I still wouldn't have noticed anyone around me. Ugh, I wish I could forget about the whole day.
"Ah Bridget, your hair is a mess but you are positively glowing right now, glowing!" Delia commented.
"Why thank you." Bridget straightened out the wrinkles on her clothes.
"Ahem, thank you for driving us home Delia but I think I should be going." I cleared my throat. "Sorry about the...mess...Bridget and I left in the back seat of your car."
Sands leaned back in the car and pulled out a rag shoved in the pocket in the back of her seat. "I'm not going to worry about that Avery, a quick wipe down should get it spic and span." She tossed me the rag and I reflexively caught it with both hands. Both girls smiled at me as I held it out in front. I sighed knowing what they expected me to do. It was my mess, it was only fair to clean it up. I bent over into the back of Delia's car, giving the ladies a perfect view of the full moon. Both of them giggled as Bridget gave my bum a nice pat, "Do you need any help there my sweet Ave? It is just as much my mess as it is yours."
"No, I got it. There is only one rag and I am almost done." My real concern was that I believed that Bridget would have deliberately slowed up the work just so she keep my butt out in the night air until someone came by. It was highly likely.
Sands gave my other butt-cheek a hard pat, "Nice work Avery, you are quite the responsible young man." Once I finished wiping off all the bodily fluids in Delia's backseat, I stuffed the rag away in the pocket and placed my hands back over my junk as I backed out of the car. Bridget shut the car door before grabbing my arm and leaning on my shoulder. "Well, thank you for everything to you both. Oh, and Avery..."
"Yes?"
"Don't for get to send that email immediately."
I frowned, "Yes, as soon as I can get into my apartment I promise I will send an email to the dean."
"Wonderful," Sands embraced me and Bridget in a big hug "I can't wait to see you both tomorrow. Have a pleasant evening." Delia loaded into her car and waved goodbye before diving off. I still felt rather terrible that my relationship with Bridget got found out but at least it was only Delia who discovered us. There were worse people who could have uncovered our secret. Though things between me and her started off with some turbulence, I was happy to know that Delia sincerely considered me to be a friend. The reason behind that may stem from the idea that she honestly believes that I am a kind and helpful person. Though somehow I doubt that would change even if she knew I was strong-armed into becoming her model. She can be rather absentminded when she gets engrossed in art.
Bridget clung to me the whole time as I padded my way to my apartment. Thankfully it was so late, there were hardly any people up and about. That didn't stop me from peeking at every corner just to make sure no one would jump out and see me naked. We made it up the stairs to my floor without anyone noticing. We were walking in a straight line towards my apartment. I was just two doors away from my goal when (wouldn't you know it?) the door right next to my apartment opened up and out popped my neighbor, Piper Denkwalt, right in front of us.
Piper was an attractive single mother who had three kids; a fifteen year old daughter, a twelve year old son, and a nineteen month old son who was currently sleeping in her arms right now. The kid was not enough to distract her from the sight of her neighbor walking butt-naked next to a beautiful blonde. Her eyes went wide for a moment then she had to suppress a laugh to keep herself from waking up her child. She spoke in an even tone, "Well Avery, how very unusual to see you out of a suit." She smiled widely still holding back her laughter.
I flushed gripping my privates tightly. Bridget still held my arm as she waved to my neighbor.
"Well, well, well, who do we have here?" Piper held out her hand, her other arm supporting her snoozing baby.
Bridget shook her hand, "Bridget Bernard, I'm Avery's girlfriend. Who might you be?"
"Piper Denkwalt, I'm Avery's neighbor from the apartment next to him." She turned her attention back to me "This is certainly a night for surprises. Not only do you come home with not a stitch on but you bring a pretty girl home with you? Usually how this works is someone brings a pretty girl home first _then _one of them leaves home naked. So what happened here?"
"Your hilarious," I said sarcastically "it's a long story Piper, I will tell you all about it later. But now it's late, and I desperately want to put some pants on."
"Right, well I only came out here because the cool air helps put little Norris here to sleep. Also clears my head after a long day. So glad I got to catch you though, we should definitely see each other more often." Piper winked.
I rolled my eyes and strode past her to my doorway with Bridget giving her a friendly wave. Standing on tiptoes, I reached for the key I left hidden on top of my door frame. Normally I'm not the type to leave spare keys out in the open like that, I fear it's a security risk. Fortunately, I rethought about it this one time in case I had to come home naked. Which, sadly, I knew was a probability with frighteningly high odds.
"Oh Avery," Piper spoke.
"Yes?"
"That's a really cute tooshie you got there. You wanna stroll down these walkways in the buff every now and then, I promise I wont stop you. I'll even call over a few friends and we can make an evening out of it." Her eyes twinkled.
"Very funny!" I growled. Piper only smiled while bouncing her baby. I unlocked my door and wasted no time getting inside with Bridget in toe. I closed and locked the door then banged my head on the wall. Now my neighbor has seen me naked! I hope she doesn't tell anyone. The last thing I need is for people at my very own home to joke about this. I will never live it down no matter where I go. I thought. I felt soft hands at my back that circled around my torso. Bridget pressed her cheek against me after giving my shoulder a kiss.
That reminded me, "Ah yes, Bridget. Would you like to wait here until your parents come pick you up?" I moved off the wall and leaned some of my weight back onto her.
"No, I will be staying here for tonight." She kissed the back of my neck and that sent a shock through me.
"Wha-hold on! You can't just decide that on your own. We didn't...I haven't..."
"Remember when I told you at my house, 'pick ME every time'? This is one of those moments. I am sleeping over or you can just throw me out. Choose wisely.Now, don't you have an email to send?"
We both knew I didn't have the heart to throw Bridget out under any circumstances. I never had a woman stay overnight at my place before. I usually spent the night at their places or a hotel since I was judicious about letting people into my home. I only ever had Rorke, Jack, and Santiago come visit me and none of them ever stayed the night either. That could have been one of the many reasons none of my past relationships ever lasted very long.
Bridget sensed my hesitation, "I'm going to keep touching you everywhere until you agree to let me stay and send that damned email." Still behind me, she caressed my chest and pinched my nipples. She slid her hands down my sides while kissing my shoulders. While nibbling my earlobe, she brought her hands to my ass and gave me a few squeezes. I hardened, not knowing whether this was a punishment or a reward. Her hands rounded me, playing with my balls then making a grab for my erection. She stroked me and gave me a good squeeze. I shook out of my trance before I shot off a load.
"Ah! A-Alright! You can stay! I'll go send that email!" I shook myself out of Bridget's sumptuous hands and bolted to my computer. Still naked with a hard-on as I sat at my desk, Bridget started texting something on her phone, but not before she secretly took another photo of me naked at my computer. As I accessed my email, Bridget came up behind me wrapping her arms around my neck.
She kissed my cheek, "I texted my parents. They know I am staying over at your place and I arranged for a ride to school tomorrow." I grunted an assent. I put out the thought of what Bridget's parents might think of this sudden decision as I constructed the email that was going to prolong my torment. "Don't forget, you have to sound like you are eager to help out. Delia really wants you there and some enthusiasm could really score you some brownie points with Myra." Bridget offered constructive criticism and helped edit my email as I wrote it. This was the finished product:
Dear Dr. Myra Ostendi,
I had such a fun time posing nude for Delia's art class. Thank you so much for such an invaluable opportunity. Attendance has improved greatly and it has warmed my heart seeing so many students take such a grand interest in the subject material. I only wish I could help more. So I would like to propose extending my time as Professor Sands model. I would be most grateful to hold this position for her class, at least until you find a suitable model to replace me. I will happily agree to whatever time you deem suitable for this extension, I only seek to make your hunt for another model as easy as possible so please do not distress. I would appreciate it if you could get back to me as soon as you have made a decision about my proposal. I look forward to helping out any way I can.
My hopeful considerations,
Professor Avery C. Finn
100 percent lies. I honestly felt nauseated pressing the 'send' button on this bullshit. But that's what I said I was going to do, so I did it. To think tomorrow was going to be my final day of this hell but I just had to trip before I reached the finish line. I was ready to go to bed and drown in my own misery until Bridget kissed me again. "Time to give your girl a grand tour of this place, let's start with your room." Bridget sauntered towards the bedroom, discarding a piece of her clothing and leaving it on the floor with every other step she took. She was naked by the time she reached my bedroom door. She turned her head at me, winked, then vanished behind the door frame to the sound of bed springs. Abandoning all other thoughts, I stood up as quickly as my erection and dashed to the bedroom. The moment I saw Bridget tangled in a sheet on my bed, I closed the door behind me and pounced her so we could finish what we started in the back of Professor Sands car.