Much to my disappointment Olivia was nowhere to be seen, indeed neither were Ruth, Ellie or Sophie. As I made my way round the bar I began to realise why, the contest was the major topic of conversation and lots of people wanted to make their thoughts known to me. I enjoyed it and was more than happy to take praise and slaps on the back from enthusiastic spectators, but quite possibly the close attention the girls would have been getting was less easy to deal with.
No one I asked had any leads on Olivia and I was still technically working that night, so I made my way back behind the bar. Clive was just as enthusiastic as the rest of them and was already talking about putting another one on in a few days. I had no objections whatsoever and the rest of the evening passed in a blur of satisfaction and free drinks from my band of admirers.
----
"Hi, girls, is Jenny not with you?"
It was early the next day at work and, as usual, I was the only employee there. I'd just had a few customers to serve and most of my thoughts had been occupied with waiting for the girls to arrive. Now they were here, without Jenny, they were dressed pretty much as they usually did. Ruth in a bikini top and tight shorts with a blouse loosely around her and Liz in her conservative one piece, light cardigan and sarong. They were smiling at me seemingly slightly nervously.
"No, we went to her place but I'm not sure she was even there." Ruth answered with a mild look of concern on her face.
I shrugged, it was about what I expected. Clive would probably have followed through on his threat to sack her and Jenny had always seemed wilful and independent enough that she wouldn't bother to turn up to find out. It was a shame as I'd always liked her, but I certainly wouldn't have changed how the contest had unfolded.
"I'm sure she's fine."
"Yeah, I guess Clive would have given her the sack anyway. You know, after she refused to."
Ruth's sentence petered out but I was glad the conversation had got round to the topic quickly.
"I think so." I tried to shift the mood and my tone to be more upbeat. "You two girls don't have anything to worry about, though, you were both great."
Liz blushed slightly and looked at the ground, but Ruth attempted some eye contact with me and smiled slightly. "Thanks, but I, er. I was a little embarrassed when I woke up this morning."
That wasn't hard to believe, she had spent a lot of time naked on a stage in front of the whole bar. Not something I imagined she had ever really thought she would do.
"Don't worry, they all loved you."
Ruth blushed a little bit now as well. "Yeah, I'm sure they did."
I wondered what part in particular she was thinking of. It was enjoyable to run through them again with them both stood in front of me and I was pleased to find I still felt confident with them discussing it. I had worried I would end up slightly embarrassed as well, but it seemed as if their own obvious reticence took that away from me.
"What about you, Liz, how are you feeling today?"
She looked up from the part of the floor she had been studying and stared back at me for a few moments. I found myself wondering if she'd mentioned to Ruth what had happened between us in the back room afterwards. I suspected not.
"Do you think there will be another one?" From her tone it seemed like she at least slightly hoped the answer would be no. I tried to ignore that and answer with enthusiasm.
"Oh yeah, I'm sure of it. Not sure when but I think Clive will probably let us know today."
Last night he'd considered holding one every day. I didn't think that would happen but fairly soon seemed a very safe bet.
"Right." There was silence for a little bit.
"And, do you think we'll be expected to, er?" Ruth's question was hesitant and just petered out.
"To be in it? Oh, yeah." I tried to sound casual as I looked at them both.
"Well, not just in it."
"Oh, you mean to take your clothes off?"
"Yeah." She just about managed eye contact as she said it. I couldn't help but think about how I'd pulled her knickers off on stage last night and I was hoping she was thinking about it too.
"Well, it maybe won't go exactly the same, but I mean, I guess so."
It seemed pointless to lie to them, and I figured the more it was expected of them the more likely it was to keep happening. As far as I could tell their mood this morning seemed to be more nervous about the reactions they might get than embarrassed at what they'd done. Though there was still definitely some embarrassment. It didn't feel like they were on the verge of quitting, though, and I knew they had both clearly loved it on stage at the time. For the moment, however, the two girls greeted the news they would likely have to strip again with slightly pensive expressions. I tried to lift the mood.
"It really went great. Everyone had a good time, the bar was packed for the rest of the night and you two would have had fun afterwards, I'm sure. Guys must have been following you around everywhere."
Liz looked at me with a fairly serious gaze but Ruth mumbled, "yeah, we, er, did have a few admirers follow us." She smiled slightly and from the way she said it I began to wonder what exactly she got up to when she left the bar.
"Maybe we can get together before the next one, you know, work out which bits to keep and how we might do some stuff differently."
Ruth laughed and looked at me "Very keen. Are you one of our admirers, then?"
It seemed like I may have sounded a bit too eager. I wondered how to recover.
"I mean, I just want to make sure the contests go well." Thankfully she smiled at me, letting me know she'd been at least in part joking.
"Yeah, of course. You're just a hard worker."
There was a pause as I wondered how badly I needed to reassert my status. Clive arrived, however, and headed over to us immediately. We waited for him to arrive.
"The stars of the show!" Clive greeted the girls very enthusiastically, it seemed his ebullience from the night before had remained. They smiled back politely.
"Come on, don't be shy now, you were both amazing!"
Ruth continued to blush a little as she finally replied, "thanks."
He looked around the three of us. "So, planning the next one were you?" His tone suggested it was half joking and half serious. There was a moment's silence as Ruth started to, like Liz, look mostly at her feet.
I stepped in. "A little bit." I grinned at Clive who gave me a wink.
"Well, look, I've got a few ideas of my own too. We need to keep going with this, that's for sure, we were coining in it at the bar last night." He hesitated and looked at the two girls, who both still seemed pretty subdued. "In fact, we did so well I reckon you two can share the prize from last night."
He looked at them as if expecting a big reaction. The girls looked more surprised and wary than excited, I guessed they were rightly wondering what Clive might want from them in return. "Oh, right. Thanks." Ruth managed.
Clive looked a little surprised, as if trying to work out why they weren't more enthusiastic. He shook his head slightly and carried on.
"Anyway, I'm getting some new t-shirts for the contest to advertise it. They should have some examples here soon, and you can wear the shirts while you're handing out flyers as well, OK?"
Clive smiled at them while Liz and Ruth just stared back at him, they didn't seem thrilled with the news. Liz looked at Ruth who looked at her and then Clive. It seemed like Liz expected her to say something but Ruth was hesitating just as much to speak up. I imagined it had largely been Jenny who handled industrial relations previous to this.
Clive stepped into the pause. "OK, I get it, I think. You two were the stars last night and you figure you deserve more, yeah?"
I was pretty sure their intention had been to get Clive to let them off the hook entirely, and when that seemed massively unlikely didn't know what to say. But they weren't about to refuse to discuss more money.
"Yeah." Ruth looked over at Liz who stared back blankly but at least didn't contradict her. "I mean, I think so." She still seemed a bit unsure but Clive carried on as if just making a speech he'd prepared earlier.
"OK, fine. I can't say I can blame you. How about this, you get a bit of a raise, a few more free drinks and I'll pay you for when you're in the contests. Can't say fairer than that, can I?"
He turned to me as he finished speaking, shaking his head as if he was in a tough negotiation. Behind him I could see that the girls still looked more confused and cagey than thankful, though I think they were pleased about the extra money.
"And, er, do we really have to wear the t-shirts when we're out on the beach?"
Clive turned back to them. As ever it seemed like it was the first time he'd really thought things through.
"The whole outfit, I reckon." I could see another look pass between Ruth and Liz, it didn't sound like welcome news. I decided to give them a hand.
"Clive, I guess they're worried they'll get wet on the beach and, well, start the show before it's time."
"Oh, yeah. I guess we don't want to give it away for free." He was staring at the girls' bodies as he talked, clearly trying to resolve the issue of their potentially visible pussies.
"What about if they wore something underneath the panties?"
"Yeah, we could wear our bikini bottoms." Ruth backed me up, clearly interested in the idea of wearing more clothes.
"OK, fine." Clive sounded disappointed, he contemplated things again for a few more seconds then tried to wrap things up. "Any more questions?"
Liz spoke up in her gentle tones. "So is that our job now? Being in the contests and, er."
Clive smiled. "Yeah, I guess it is."
We all gave that some thought, both girls looked nervous but Ruth seemed to be working herself up to speak again.
"We'll wear our bikini tops underneath the t-shirts as well, OK? Just when we're handing out flyers, I mean." She looked up at us, her cheeks flushing again slightly.
Clive hesitated then smiled at them. "Come on girls, what's the problem? You'll look amazing!"
Ruth carried on, she was obviously steeling herself to but part of her was probably realising they actually did have some leverage now. At least when it came to things other than appearing in the contests themselves.
"We did enough in the contest, didn't we?"
Clive dropped the false enthusiasm slightly. "Yeah, but there'll be another and we want people in the bar for it."
"There wasn't any problem getting a crowd in last night."
"No, but we still want more of them." Clive shrugged, "and part of that plan is you two in the t-shirts. I mean, you're being well paid now, remember?"
"I can wear a bikini." Liz joined in, she looked down at her normal swimsuit.
"Yeah," continued Ruth, "and I'll make an effort too."
Clive turned to me, it looked like he was considering it. I guess he was only flesh and blood and having two girls like Liz and Ruth begging you to be allowed to wear a bikini was quite a lot of fun.
"What do you think?"
Ruth gave me a look clearly expecting back up. I decided it couldn't hurt to have them owe me a favour.
"I guess this way they could be wet while they flyer, so." I shrugged and looked at the girls, Clive followed my gaze and after a few moments I could see him nodding.
"So get them wet before they go out? I guess that could be OK." He was obviously grasping the advertising potential in showing how transparent the outfit was.
"So it's a deal?" Ruth asked
"Make sure they're bikinis, OK?" Clive was looking at Liz as he spoke. "Small ones."
"OK." Liz answered him obediently, I was very pleased to hear she would be ditching her one pieces.
"It's a deal, then." He shook his head. "You two girls are tough negotiators!"
It seemed like much of the negotiating this morning had been either in his head or because of his own clumsiness, but the outcomes seemed acceptable to everyone. The girls both looked relieved and they each whispered a thanks as Clive's gaze was elsewhere. It seemed my plan to be owed a favour had worked.
"Right, well, you two head home to get changed and then we'll get you out advertising us properly."
If the girls were surprised the new rules were starting straight away they really shouldn't have been. Ruth rolled her eyes at me as they left, but other than that there were no protests.
---
The two of them got back about half an hour later, they were both wearing bikinis and wraps and it was nice to know we'd soon see what was underneath.
"Hi, girls," said Clive enthusiastically as they headed over to the bar. He give them both a once over and pronounced his verdict, "looking good!"
I couldn't help but notice the way both girls had accepted being ogled, waiting politely as Clive made no secret he was checking out their bodies. If we had that sort of relationship with them all the time now then life would be very enjoyable indeed.
Clive's verdict was certainly correct and both their tops were smaller than usual. Ruth's was blue and Liz's was white and both featured nothing but string apart from the parts covering their breasts.
"And the bottoms, ladies."
Clive was so casual it barely registered with me, but I noticed Liz's hands going to her wrap and Ruth's followed fairly quickly after a brief glance at her friend. Again neither of us were disappointed. Maybe Ruth's could have been smaller but Liz had chosen something that left her bum almost completely exposed.
"OK, get your gear on and we'll see you outside."
"See us outside?"
"To get you wet." Clive nodded to the 6 pack of water bottles on the end of the bar.
"Oh."
As they headed to the back room Clive grabbed the bottles. "This time it's my turn, OK?" He grinned.
"Yeah, OK." I can't say I wasn't disappointed, but he was my boss.
----
We didn't have to wait long until the girls came out, each carrying a few bundles of the flyers. The uniforms looked as good as ever, with especially Ruth's blue bikini already showing through pretty clearly. Clive was holding an open bottle and had a silly grin on his face.
"OK, girls, put the flyers down."
"Clive, I think we can handle getting ourselves wet, OK?" Ruth clearly felt more confident and comfortable talking with Clive than earlier. Her tone was firm enough that Clive hesitated slightly before realising he was still the boss.
"Maybe, but I want to make sure you look your best on your first day!"
Ruth glanced to me, likely wondering if I might step in as I had earlier. I grinned at her and gave a shrug. She looked back at Clive who didn't look like a man willing to be disappointed.
"OK, fine, just today." She turned and put the flyers on a nearby wall.
"Maybe a few other days as well." Clive half whispered that to me before approaching her.
Ruth turned back and as Clive brought the bottle closer she raised both her hands to keep her hair out of the way. Clive upended the bottle over her breasts pretty vigorously and watched in satisfaction as the shirt turned transparent and stuck to her body. Ruth tried her hardest to look indifferent as he inspected his work, but I still saw her glancing at Clive as if hoping for some particular reaction.
For now he was withholding it, "OK, turn round."
She again rolled her eyes in my direction, perhaps hoping I could provide whatever validation she needed, but did as asked anyway. She even bent slightly at the waist unprompted. The second half of the bottle was soon emptied pretty directly onto her bum. After it was done I saw Clive reach out and clearly think about giving it a pat, but he decided against it. I think that was probably for the best, though who knows.
"Right, you're done." He looked up to Liz, "your turn."
Ruth straightened up and moved away as Liz took her place, and the water ritual was repeated. This time when her bum got a soaking it was as if Liz was naked under the contest underwear, and predictably Clive took more time with his work. Liz was also much more assiduous in bending over to present herself for him, and by the time he had finished the bottle she was practically leaning on the wall in front of her.
I figured I should try and move things on. "Everything looks OK, does it?"
"Oh, yes, all good." Clive finally looked up from a close inspection of Liz's bottom and she straightened up.
"Can we go now?" Ruth seemed impatient to leave.
"What do you think?" Clive asked for my verdict. They both looked great. Although girls in small bikinis were hardly unusual here they usually covered up on the streets, and seeing their skin through the transparent clothes added nicely to the effect.
"They look fantastic to me."
"OK, well, off you go."
"Finally," Ruth said before the two of them walked away. It seemed there was a new side of her starting to come out, she seemed to be partly trying to use our enjoyment of her body to gain a bit of status again. As I'd realised last night, if both Ruth and Liz enjoyed showing off it was for different reasons.
As the girls walked off something occurred to me and I had to mention it to Clive.
"You do realise their clothes will dry fairly quickly, yeah?"
Clive grinned another grin. "No worries, I know their route." He nodded to the remaining bottles of water. "Maybe I'll take a stroll out and meet them a bit later."
---
The girls returned as normal for a few drinks but they had already changed back to more conservative clothes before they arrived back at the bar. They seemed subdued but mostly OK with things, whatever was happening next week they had their day off first.
A little while later Clive again arrived at the bar. He made a beeline for me and grinned in his usual style. He glanced over to the girls as if checking where they were first, then reached into his bag.
"Look at these." He had pulled out some more flyers.
"Starting Monday we're really heating the place up. Now I've got those two on the payroll it's time to have some real fun."
I picked one up. The first thing I saw was the advertisement of a contest every Saturday, which was far less frequent than I imagined, but then I saw the bottom half. It was headlined "Soak The Flyer Babes!" All accompanied by another silhouette of a naked girl. I read on.
"Every night at 10pm, present this flyer at the bar and enter the draw to drench one of our world famous Flyer Babes. You'll have the chance to get them topless or even totally naked first, and a lucky few might even get to see them backstage afterwards!"
"Fucking hell, Clive."
"I know, right." His grin was massive. I couldn't believe it, but in a box to one side, almost equally as prominent, was something else.
"Free Drinks for 2 All Night Long!"
"Ladies, if you're woman enough to join the Flyer Babes for a soaking then you and a friend drink free, the whole night! Ask at the bar for details." In small print below it was noted this was only nights without a contest, and that the free drinks were to a certain, unstated, limit.
"Wow." It was becoming a catchphrase, I didn't know what to say.
"It's my best idea yet. A contest every night was too much." He waved a hand about. "You know, the pressure to get contestants and it taking so long. This way we just skip to the good bit."
"Yeah, but." I looked over to Liz and Ruth. "You think they'll go for it?"
"Well, first up it's their job. And secondly," he grinned again, "that's your department now."
"Thanks."
"Come on Jim, I saw you with that little red head last night. She must be eating out of your hand." I couldn't help but smile, partly at the memory and partly at the flattery.
"Anyway, you can say it's good news. Tell them you got me to only hold a contest once a week."
I nodded. "That's a good idea." Clive shrugged as if to say obviously.
"How will it work anyway? You know, whether the girls have to get naked or not?" As ever it was fun to talk about the girls like this. Especially while watching them having a drink, oblivious to us.
"I figured we'd just get the idiots to play games. We can come up with different ones, you know, keep it more interesting."
"Er, like what?"
"Come on, Jim, use your imagination. We could have them throw a few darts, try to down a full pint in so many seconds, race round the bar. We could even do pin the tail on the bloody donkey. You're the ideas man, anyway."
"Oh, right." I was beginning to get the idea. "We could maybe include the girls in the games, so, I dunno." I looked across at them for inspiration. "Pin the tail on the flyer girl?"
Clive looked sceptical. "Maybe."
"Or guess the bum or something."
"Guess the bum?"
"The guys get blindfolded, the give each girl's arse a feel and then see if they can guess which is which."
"Now you're talking."
"Yeah, I reckon I can think of a few." We smiled at each other.
"But what about this backstage thing?"
"Oh, I dunno. I just liked those guys giving us free money. I figure we can probably do something like that again. Just leave that till the night, see how it's going."
"OK." It did sound pretty casual, though I wondered if the girls would agree. But then Liz had already done it and seemed to have accepted it.
"So, we'll start Monday. May as well wait till it's advertised properly. Gives you time to tell the talent, anyway."
I still wasn't loving that part, but it had to be done and after the conversation this morning I was convinced it was better from me than from Clive.
"OK, I'll tell them."
----
"Hi, girls."
"Hi, Jim." They both seemed happy to see me. Clive had left again and I'd decided to bite the bullet and tell them that afternoon. I'd let them have a few drinks first, though.
"Good news." I said, taking the advice. "I managed to persuade Clive to stick to just one contest a week."
"Wow, thanks!" Ruth seemed genuinely delighted, and Liz flashed me a smile as well. It seemed they had been expecting to perform more frequently and were probably resigned to it.
"Now, don't think I'm a genius or anything, there is something else to do on the other nights, but it's way shorter and, depending, you could keep all your clothes on."
"Oh, right." Ruth suddenly sounded less enthusiastic.
"Come on, Ruth, this is still good news."
"What do we have to do?" Asked Liz.
"Well, you just get wet once by a guy who's picked out of the audience. They enter a draw with the flyers you give out, that's how we bring in the crowds. So it's just one bucket of water or whatever a night."
"In the outfits?"
"Well, yeah." I drew the words out, not quite sure how to answer truthfully but not saying too much too soon. "They'd play a game and depending on how they do you'd keep your outfit, or take your tops off, or, you know. We can make the games as hard as we like."
"Or, you know?" Ruth said it sarcastically, obviously not having been fooled by my vagueness.
"Well, yeah, if they did great you'd have to get naked again. I mean," I shrugged. "Like I said this morning, we can't do less than we already have."
"When you put it's like that it's perfectly reasonable." Ruth's sarcasm felt a little more biting this time and the two girls were looking a little closed off now.
"I'm doing my best, honestly. If Clive had contests every night then you'd be naked every night. This way there's no way that's happening. I mean, do you think the guys that come here will win everything all the time? We're in charge of the games, remember."
I shook my head, I knew I was sounding a little annoyed but that was mostly a deliberate choice. "I mean, thanks to me you've got a raise, more work, and I've even done myself out of the contests to help you out!"
When I put like that I almost believed it. The girls did seem at least a little contrite afterwards.
"Sorry, Jim, it's just." Liz sounded nervous again. "It's all so unexpected and." She paused. "But I know you're doing your best." She managed a smile at me towards the end.
"It's OK, Liz, I know you're just nervous."
Ruth looked and sounded ever so slightly sceptical, but she joined in too. "Yeah, fine, I get it. It's the way things are." She looked around, before carrying on. "So, when does it all start?"
"Monday. You may as well see the flyer you'll be handing out." They read it silently.
"We really have to hand these out?"
I nodded, "yeah."
"And what's this backstage thing?"
"Just like the other night with Liz, you know, if they want a picture with you afterwards. That was all, wasn't it?" I looked at Liz.
She waited a while before venturing a, "yeah." Ruth looked across at her, it seemed like it was the first she was hearing about it.
"In the dressing room last night?"
Liz nodded and Ruth looked at her for another moment but didn't seem to get any further reaction. She turned back to me.
"So we have to pose with them? Naked again, I suppose."
I ignored the last part. "You'll be with them on stage so it's no different really. Plus Clive will charge them extra so you'll get some more money."
I figured I could swing that if I presented it to Clive in the right way. Ruth just stared at me.
"At least there might be other girls doing it with us," said Liz, hopefully.
"Maybe," replied Ruth, "though I don't really see how that helps us."
"The more girls there are, the less attention on you."
"Yeah, I suppose." Ruth conceded a point.
"Plus, you're the ones giving out the flyers. You can give them to as many girls as you like." It seemed a good point when I thought of it, but I immediately backtracked. "Though, you know, Clive will easily work it out if we don't attract a bunch of guys as well."
The conversation petered out and a little while later the girls left. They really didn't seem thrilled but they hadn't come close to quitting.
----
On Monday Clive wasn't at the bar when the girls arrived. They were again in their smaller bikinis but I took pity on them and let them get ready themselves. They took the new flyers without much comment.
This time, however, they returned still in their outfits and didn't seem to care how they looked as they walked through the bar, but they also seemed considerably less relaxed than this morning. They made their way over to me.
"How's it going, you two?" I tried to sound upbeat.
"Don't ask," said Ruth. She didn't sound very amused at all.
I smiled, "that bad?"
"How would you like guys pestering you about taking your clothes off for four hours?"
"Well, not much, but I'm not sure that will ever be a problem."
Ruth managed a small snort of laughter. "You know what I mean."
"It was really terrible, was it?" I directed that at Liz.
"I, er, maybe." She didn't sound too certain.
"Oh, she loved it." Ruth was slightly dismissive.
I looked at Liz who avoided my gaze. "Did she really?"
"She just stood there smiling and let them say what they liked."
"It really wasn't that bad." In her quiet way Liz was firmly disagreeing with Ruth, which seemed rare for her.
"Well, they liked it when you flashed them."
I raised my eyebrows, Liz continued to avoid my look.
"I didn't flash anyone."
"Well, no, you just let some guy lift your top up."
"I didn't know he was actually going to do it."
"No, I mean it's not like he said he would. Or like you just let him grab your t-shirt with everyone egging him on." By now Ruth was sounding much less annoyed and largely just amused. "Oh, wait, that's exactly what happened!"
Liz didn't reply and Ruth seemed to have gotten it out of her system. After another few moments she spoke again. "Oh, I suppose it was fine really. Sorry, Liz, I'm just a bit frazzled."
"That's OK." There was silence for a moment. "I wasn't even topless." Liz muttered that last part almost to herself. I couldn't help but think her tone suggested it wouldn't have been a problem even if she had been.
"So, you reckon a lot of them will turn up later?"
"They'd better."
"You only perform for big audiences?"
Ruth looked up at me, at first again slightly annoyed but then seeming to accept it was just a joke among friends.
"Yeah, of course. How long do we have?"
"Until the contest starts?"
"It's only a 'contest' on Saturdays, remember? Tonight's nothing." Ruth's comment had a slight sarcastic edge and I decided it was best to ignore it.
"I think we're kicking it off at 10."
"Well, at least I can go home and have a bath first."
---
The bar once again filled up very nicely as the day wore on. I didn't have as much to prepare this time but made sure everything was ready in plenty of time. We had a steady stream of guys checking that they were in the right place and I had them each put their name on a flyer to use for the draw later.
The girls again arrived with only a few minutes to go and as they made their way to the bar it seemed clear they had been recognised in a few places. The lads sounded enthusiastic but didn't do more than just shout their approval. I could tell from Liz's mild blush that they might not have used family friendly language.
"You haven't started without us?" Ruth was still trying to cope via sarcasm it seemed.
I grinned. "No. But we will be starting soon, you two had better go and get changed."
They headed over to the back room. I waited another five minutes or so and then nodded to Clive who came over to again help behind the bar.
"Everything set?"
"Yeah, I think so."
"Well then, make it a good one!"
I grabbed the microphone and put my head through into the back room. The girls gave a neutral nod to my check if they were ready so I headed to the stage. I felt mildly nervous again but was pretty sure I could handle it.
As with last night my preliminaries met with lots of cheering. I could see a few familiar faces but it was largely a new crowd. This wasn't too surprising, there were a lot of people in the resort and they tended to like to get some variety on their holiday. I knew my appeal was definitely not as a solo attraction so I wasted no time at all in calling for the girls.
As with their exit last night Clive had enlisted some help and thoughtfully prepared a corridor for them to walk down, so again accompanied by some bawdy shouts Ruth and Liz made their way towards me.
Although not yet wet they were still a lovely sight in their uniforms. They'd remembered to tear the necklines to give their breasts enough space and I watched the bounce of their considerable cleavage in the gaps created as they climbed onto to stage. Their midriffs were completely exposed and the small, tight white knickers were once again under considerable strain. As they took their places on either side of me I couldn't help but lean back a little to check out their bums. Ruth's as ever was a particular treat.
"OK, lads, are you ready?"
As the cheer went up I could see Ruth and Liz both looking out at the crowd. It was hard to say they looked at home, but they seemed at least more at ease than they had been at the start of last night's contest.
The first order of business was to select who would be playing. I let each girl choose a flyer from the bucket I'd put the signed ones in earlier, and then held the microphone up to Ruth for her to read out the name.
A guy called Rickie quickly made himself known and climbed up on stage to shouts of encouragement. He took the time to give Ruth a quick once over before standing next to her.
Liz, far more quietly, read out her name and someone called Patrick made his way to her side. Both seemed like pretty generic lads on holiday. In their early 20s, wearing a t-shirt and jeans and appearing to have probably sunk several pints each while waiting for the entertainment. After giving their girls a few seconds of close attention they were now cheering with their mates.
I asked each guy if they were ready to get their partners wet and received enthusiastic nods.
I couldn't resist. "What about you, Ruth, ready to get soaked?"
She gave me a brief glance that let me know she didn't really appreciate the question, but she still seemed to know she had a role to play. She turned her head back to the crowd.
"Yes, I'm ready to be soaked." She said it with a mixture of resignation and fake enthusiasm. It sounded pretty good.
"Thing is, though," I said, turning to the crowd. "Does anyone think she might be a little overdressed?"
The cheers suggested they did, and I quickly explained we'd play a few games to see if the guys could take off any of their uniforms.
"First up it's a quick quiz. You'll need these." I picked up a couple of black markers and gave one each to Rickie and Patrick. "I'm going to give you a part of the body, and you have to put a mark on your girl where you think it is. Ready?"
Both guys nodded.
"So, what you're looking for is the 'infra-mammary fold'"
I could tell as soon as I said it that I'd probably pitched this one too hard. It had been a tough one to call, I didn't think I could go for something obvious but I also wanted at least one of them to get it right. However both guys had utterly confused looks on their faces as they scanned the two girls bodies hoping for inspiration.
My other hope had been the crowd. Given it included 'mammary' I figured someone would work out it was to do with breasts but if the right answer was shouted it sadly wasn't audible in the general hubbub.
After a little while Rickie hesitatingly reached out and put a small cross just below Ruth's belly button. She seemed unimpressed but let him work. Patrick took more time and, under encouragement from someone near the front, went to mark Liz's bottom. She obediently turned for him and he took his time over a cross on her left cheek. The crowd and both contestants seemed to have had fun, but there was no way I could say either of them were winners.
There were groans when I announced this but I quickly reminded everyone there was another game to come.
"This is a bit like pin the tail on the donkey only, you know, good."
I asked the girls to stand to one side of the stage and bend over, which they both did fairly quickly. Liz obviously bent much deeper than Ruth who just lent forwards a little. I then arranged them so that both of their bums pointed at least three quarters on to the audience. I didn't grab either of them for long but they accepted my moving them around as if it were completely normal.
"OK, I'll blindfold each of you guys in turn. You'll drink a shot, I'll spin you round five times, and then your job is to give your girl a quick smack on the bum. OK?"
The crowd cheered again at the smack on the bum part, and I saw Ruth stand upright slightly in surprise. I turned and grinned at her.
"Not too hard, OK? It's just a game." Both guys nodded and I looked back at Ruth trying to get her acknowledgement that I'd helped her out. Again she mostly gave me a stare but settled back down into position.
Once she'd again turned her head I quickly shook my hand theatrically as if to say forget what I just said, then mimed a very enthusiastic spank. The crowd laughed and I nodded towards the two guys who also chuckled along. Ruth turned her head and probably worked out it was a joke about what was going to happen to her, but she didn't try to get involved again.
"Right, who's first?"
Rickie stepped forward and fastened the blindfold I offered him around his eyes. It seemed to be in place correctly and he quickly downed a shot of cheap vodka. I span him roughly as the crowd cheered, a few guys near the front joining in and shoving him to give me some help. Then I pushed him slightly away from me.
He stumbled forwards then walked very unsteadily with his arms outstretched. He quickly bumped into the wall and almost fell, at which point it seemed more like he was recreating a slapstick routine, but that let him get his bearings and, once recovered, he set off in the right direction. He lightly bumped into Liz, reached down and felt for her bum and then very efficiently gave it a smack. It was fairly weak and Liz didn't react much. To my dismay Rickie immediately tore off his blindfold in celebration. Another failure.
"Well found, but your partner is Ruth over there!"
The crowd booed again and this time Rickie did look genuinely disappointed. Ruth on the other hand was actually smiling, at this point she knew that at least tonight she would be keeping on her full outfit. Such as it was.
"OK, your turn."
Patrick stepped forward and we repeated the blindfold and shot. As I spun him it seemed as if he was purposefully trying to oppose me and not spin too fast, something I was happy to let him do as this was the last chance to take any of the girls' clothes off. I pushed him away and he immediately seemed more in control of himself than Rickie had.
He turned correctly in their general direction first time and walked with a sense of purpose with both arms outstretched. Ridiculously he managed to find Ruth first, and leaving one hand on the small of her back he rested a palm on her bum and lined himself up. She bent over more in anticipation, likely understanding she was helping keep her friend's clothes on by being so pliable. After a few moments he drew his hand back and gave her a sharp spank. Ruth let out a yelp and the crowd was a mixture of cheers and boos.
Patrick, however, was someone who learned from other's mistakes. As Ruth stood up holding her bum and Liz hesitatingly started to unfold herself as well, he stepped to the side and again started to search with his outstretched arms. I internally breathed a sigh of relief.
"The games not finished yet, girls, back in position!"
Liz had only just time to bend again before Patrick's right hand grazed her thigh. He repeated his lining up procedure and this time lingered a good few seconds before giving her bum a very firm slap. As with Ruth, Liz let out an entirely involuntary yelp. This time Patrick did take his blindfold off and accept the crowd's applause. He deserved it, he might have saved my job.
"At last, a winner!" I let the crowd cheer for a little while, then turned to Liz. "OK, Liz, over here please."
She took her hands from her bum and walked across to stand obediently where I'd indicated, just next to me facing the crowd.
"Arms up."
She again acted instantly and raised both her hands above her head, her breasts visibly moving under the thin t-shirt. She was watching me in anticipation, it almost felt like she was wishing I would hurry up and strip her. Sadly for me I wasn't about to, I realised I needed to keep the paying customers happy.
"OK, Patrick, time to claim your prize."
Patrick obviously didn't have my showman's instinct, and instead of approaching Liz from behind so the crowd could watch he stepped in front of her. She looked up at him and waited for him to grab her shirt. Once he had he quickly ripped it off her pretty aggressively to a massive cheer from the audience. He seemed more interested in turning to get the applause of the crowd but I'm sure I wasn't the only one who concentrated more on Liz's wobbling naked boobs as she steadied herself.
"Fantastic, now, Ruth, we'll do you first. Over into the paddling pool please."
Liz stepped to one side and Patrick followed, still largely shouting enthusiastically to friends of his in the crowd. Ruth walked over to the pool with Rickie following and I gestured to him to join me by my side. I looked across and was pleased to see Clive carrying the tray I'd asked him to prepare. He set it down at the side of the stage.
"Now, Rickie, it's time to choose what you'll be getting Ruth wet with."
I saw Ruth again looking across at me with surprise, it was another detail I hadn't quite spelt out beforehand.
"We've got two pitchers of beer, two bottles of milk or a bucket of iced water."
The crowd loved the options, Ruth seemed less thrilled. Rickie quickly and enthusiastically chose the beer, and, as Clive gestured to him to go over and grab the pitchers, I couldn't help but move close enough to Ruth to let her say something to me.
"Proud of yourself are you?" She was still keeping up the sarcasm from earlier, but the annoyed tone didn't seem that serious. I smiled, enjoying playing along with this dynamic between us.
"What's the problem, he's chosen the beer. That's your speciality."
She looked back at me as Rickie walked gingerly towards us trying not to spill the pitchers. Despite her front I could tell she was still apprehensive about what was going to happen.
"It'll be over soon." I whispered and stepped aside to let Rickie take up his place behind her. I'd placed a small stool there earlier and he stepped on top.
"OK, everyone, let's have a countdown. Five, four."
The crowd took it up easily and Ruth repeated her performance from yesterday, dancing slightly. She winced noticeably as they hit zero, tightly screwing up her eyes in anticipation. Rickie missed the beat slightly but the beer was soon cascading over her head and down her body. Again she kept up the dance after the initial shock from the temperature, though her movements were fairly half hearted and she mostly tried to keep her face relatively clear and breathe through the cold. The crowd loved it and of course her clothes soon became transparent, with both nipples and her neatly trimmed pubic hair easily visible as she gingerly moved around.
Eventually Rickie ran out of beer and as the torrent stopped so did Ruth's performance, the crowd continued to roar its approval as she stepped dripping out of the paddling pool. Rickie went to the front of the stage to celebrate with the crowd while Ruth looked up to me with a hopeful look on her drenched face. I nodded my approval and she immediately set off back to the dressing room, Clive quickly coming down to aid her passage. I looked across to Liz who made her way into the pool without comment, Patrick following on behind.
"So, Patrick, what's it to be, the milk or the water?"
"Er," he wasn't as certain as Rickie had been and the crowd shouted some suggestions. Milk seemed the clear winner and it was good to know it got a positive reaction. I'd not really known what to add as a third option earlier when thinking about this part, but it was the only other liquid I thought was easily available in large quantities.
There were two 6 pint containers, Patrick opened the first one and, not bothering with the step, came round in front of Liz. I tried to nudge him to at least stand to one side but he was not really paying attention to me and started to pour it over her breasts. Unsurprisingly Liz did nothing but thrust them obediently forward, her nipples hardening instantly with the cold.
After using about half the bottle to coat her tits Patrick stepped to one side and, like Rickie, basked in the approval of the crowd. Liz looked to me as if to see what she should do but I just shrugged, Rickie had won fair and square so it was his show.
He turned back to her and gestured for her to turn round, which she did quickly and pretty soon he was emptying the milk onto her bum. She bent forward further as the milk ran and towards the end he gave her a light slap. I wondered whether to say anything but thought it would be spectacularly hypocritical of me if I did.
He stepped away briefly to get the next bottle and Liz just stayed as she was. When he returned the sight of her milky wet arse must have been so inviting that he didn't ask for another position change and got right back to turning it even whiter than Liz's already very white natural complexion. Watching her get soaked with milk was an interesting change of scene, you could see the liquid cascading down her body much more clearly, which just emphasised how soaked she was getting.
Patrick was rationing it out more carefully this time, and after the third or so pour he reached out towards her. I figured it would be another slap but instead he tentatively pulled her now sopping wet and mostly transparent panties down, exposing a few inches of her bum. I admired the thought but at that point I felt I did have to step in for the integrity of the contest.
"Whoa, careful there Patrick!"
My tone stopped him, and he stood up now mostly to one side of Liz. She held her position as no one had told her otherwise and we both looked down to her damp and beautifully inviting bottom.
"I'm afraid she has to keep those on tonight, rules are rules."
He looked at me slightly uncertain if I were about to end his fun completely. The crowd roared good natured disapproval.
"Just pull them back up and you can finish the bottle, OK?"
Liz had stayed stock still throughout this and he quickly tugged her knickers back up to her waist. Given their state you'd have been hard pressed to say she was more covered up, but rules were still rules.
He waited a moment but seeing that I seemed fine with him carrying on he tapped Liz on the shoulder and she turned back to face him. He spent the last 30 seconds or so carefully pouring splash after splash onto her boobs as she, after a little encouragement, shook them about. She maintained a serious and attentive expression on her face throughout.
Once the bottle was finally done I ushered him to one side and, like Rickie, he quickly started talking to friends just off-stage. I nodded to Liz, as I had to Ruth, and she walked over to leave the stage. Clive again came down to help.
I thanked the crowd again, their approval was becoming quite a drug and I and Patrick stayed there for several minutes exchanging cheers and largely meaningless banter. I was walking on air and couldn't believe I'd get to do more-or-less the same thing most nights from now on.
When I finally got back to the bar Clive was once again beaming his approval. As last night I wondered if I could find an excuse to go into the dressing room, but it didn't seem as if we had any takers for the backstage experience and, after a few moments, I saw the girls walking out dressed again. It seemed my time with the crowd had cost me that opportunity.
I looked over to Clive wondering if I should say anything, but it did seem as if everything was over for tonight and the girls were again free to do as they pleased. They both looked over to me and nodded a goodbye so it seemed as if I'd again done nothing to damage my relationship with them. Maybe this really was the new normal.
---
"Hello there."
I looked up from putting away some glasses, I thought I recognised the voice but wasn't certain. I was pleased but also possibly a little apprehensive to be proved right.
"Hello. I, er, didn't expect to see you again."
"Really? You seemed pretty confident on stage the other night."
I tried to read Olivia's expression. She seemed amused by my reaction and acting a little aloof from it, but given how early in the day it was she surely came to the bar to find me. I tried to stay as calm as possible, if she actually had been attracted to me the other night then I needed to act as assured as I had then.
"You ran off. I figured you must have gone insane or something."
To my delight she laughed at that. "Oh yeah, that was it. Not how completely annoying your fan boys were."
"They're not that bad."
"And how many times have they asked you to show them your tits?"
"Not many."
"Well, there you go."
There was a pause, it was clearly up to me to make the running from here. I hoped I was up to it.
"Amy not here?"
"Disappointed?"
"Not really. She did look good, though."
"Oh, she did, did she?" She was fishing for a compliment. I was delighted she felt the need and grateful for the opportunity.
"Not as good as you. You were, I mean, you are, amazing." I had dropped my voice, trying to talk only to her in a pretty public environment. It seemed as if I'd got the tone right, she smiled almost shyly and looked away briefly.
"I'm sure you told all the girls on stage that."
"Yeah, definitely, but with you I actually mean it."
It was almost true. Most of the girls looked great and Liz's body was perhaps even better than hers, but with Olivia I somehow wanted more than just that. Though maybe it was simply that she seemed more unattainable. In any case I was doing what seemed needed.
She waited a little while before replying. "Well, I just thought I should show my face. I did kinda give you the impression I'd hang about and then I didn't, so." Her sentence tailed off, she was again wanting me to do the work.
"I don't start till late on Thursday, maybe we could hang out?"
"Maybe." There was a very brief pause. "I mean, er, yeah."
I smiled. "Great. Shall I take your number."
"Yeah, OK." She took out her phone and we did what was needed.
"See you on Thursday, then." She looked to be leaving.
"You know, we're doing a contest most nights, maybe you fancy starring in one again?" I made it sound slightly like a joke.
"I think I've had enough of stardom"
"Well, maybe Amy then?" I tried to sound exaggeratedly innocent.
She looked at me with a slight grin on her face, "careful, you could still blow this."
I smiled back, part of me remained astounded at how this was going but I retained a clear impression of persuading her to let me pull her knickers down on stage.
I shrugged, "maybe, but you've got to have fun, haven't you?"
She smiled a bit more broadly. "Text me where we should meet, OK?"
I nodded, "OK," and watched her walk out of the bar. She still looked fantastic.
---
"So, what did you need us for?"
Ruth and Liz had come back to the bar as I'd asked them to after enjoying several free drinks following their work that day. They'd seemed once again slightly frazzled by their promotional work, though not as badly as the day before and they hadn't really discussed the detail with me. As with the first day they'd gone home and changed first, Ruth still in a bikini top with some short shorts and Liz back in a one piece. Both had wraps on over the top.
I tried to summon up all the casual confidence and assumption of control I'd managed to take with them both on stage before replying.
"Clive wants us to try out the new t-shirts. There's a few different designs they can do, so he wants to know which would be best for the contest."
"OK." Ruth sounded slightly unsure. It was the reaction expected at first, and that's why I'd decided to give them a bit of time after their work to say this. Time and a few drinks.
"They're in the back so we can do it through there."
"You want us to model them?" Liz asked.
"Yeah, and we'll get them wet."
The girls both looked even more surprised.
Ruth looked at her friend and then back at me. "I don't know, Jim."
"It's part of your jobs now, I think." I sounded a little bit apologetic, but I figured that was fine as long as I still insisted.
"I suppose." Ruth remained unconvinced, but she also wasn't refusing or making as if to leave. "Will we be getting paid?"
"Yeah, certainly. Besides, you know what Clive's like, he'll only ask again if we don't do it." I smiled at them, as if it were nothing to do with me. "It won't take long, come on."
I started to walk towards the back room, nodding to Ollie as I went to make sure he knew he'd be on his own for a while. As I'd hoped the girls hesitated slightly but followed.
"We won't have to do this sort of thing often, will we?" Ruth asked as we entered the room.
"I don't know, probably not." I tried to keep it vague.
"Is this what you want those 'backstage' things to be like, then?" Ruth still sounded slightly annoyed but also slightly curious.
"Oh, no, I don't think so. I'm not sure about those, we didn't even get anyone asking last night." I shrugged. "That's probably just a few pictures, like with liz."
"Yeah, you said that last time. I'm really not sure I want to let people take pictures."
I couldn't help but sound a bit incredulous. "Ruth, I'm pretty sure people already have pictures of you."
"Oh, right." It looked like it was the first time she'd thought of that. I wondered how to get her mind off it quickly.
"I don't know what you're worried about, though, you have to actually win a contest for that to happen!"
My joke seemed to do the trick, she gave a small snort of laughter and a, "hey!"
I pointed to a box on the table, "Clive put the new shirts over there, I think there's three different kinds. I'll just set up this." I walked over to where the paddling pool we'd use don stage last night was already mostly inflated.
"Is that for getting us wet?" Ruth asked slightly redundantly, I nodded and got to work.
Trying to act as if I was busy I half watched as they picked up the shirts and sorted through them. The ones they picked out first seemed similar to those we'd already used, but there was also the bar's logo and some writing.
They both glanced over at me and there was only a slight hesitation before they took off the wraps they were wearing. Obviously I was hoping to stay in the room as they undressed. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Ruth put her hands up to her bikini top and untie the string at the back.
"Do we need to take our tops off?" Liz asked in her usual quiet tones and Ruth paused. I turned back to face them directly.
"Well, yeah. We're testing them like they would be in the contest."
"Right."
I waited a moment then turned back to what I had been doing. Eventually Ruth lifted her bikini top up and off. I was still pretending to be occupied and she quickly put an arm over her nipples, but it was good to get briefly reacquainted with her bare breasts. She turned round to start putting on the t-shirt.
Liz put her shirt over her head and pulled it down over her shoulders. She then slipped her swimsuit off each shoulder. I could see her plan was to keep covered but it quickly became obvious that the t-shirt was too tight to slip down easily.
As she hesitated we made eye contact and I smiled at her. Liz glanced across at Ruth who still had her back turned, and then a few moments later she pushed her swimsuit down to her waist and started to use both hands to get her t-shirt in place. I was treated to the sight of her big pert tits as they bounced around for a few seconds, it seemed Liz the understated exhibitionist was already back in action.
Pretty soon both girls were ready and I took them in. The shirts were small and tight but seemed immediately of better quality than the ones we'd used previously. Neither girl had needed to cut them to get them stretched over their breasts and they reached down to around their belly buttons. It was hard to say but they didn't seem that transparent yet.
After a few moments of me staring at them Ruth asked, "shall we get into the paddling pool?"
I looked over at Ruth and down at her shorts. "I think you'd better take them off too."
She followed my gaze. Although I clearly had another reason to want her to undress the shorts were fabric and almost certainly would be very annoying if soaking.
She looked up at me hesitating, obviously realising how unpleasant they could get to wear. "Are we really going to get that wet?"
"Well, we've got three t-shirts to try out." I was obviously intending to drench them both. "And I think those will rub pretty badly."
She looked down at them again, then up at me. "Yeah, but, I've, er. I've only got a thong on."
It seemed Ruth was still a little shy in front of me.
"Maybe you could wear a pair from the contest? Though I'm not sure how many we have, and," I shrugged, we all knew that I meant wearing them wouldn't really cover up much.
"OK." She hesitated, I wondered if I'd somehow messed it up and she would keep them on but after a few moments she turned around again. I held my breath but I could see that she was unbuttoning her shorts.
As she slid them down I could quickly see why she had hesitated, her lovely round bum was immediately almost completely exposed and it took me a moment to notice any underwear at all. She waited a few more seconds before turning around, and when she did she held her hands in front of her groin which had the effect of covering the only part of her knickers that wasn't just white string. The contest underwear probably did offer her more coverage. I looked for a few more seconds then stepped forwards.
"We should get these out of your way," I quickly picked up the girls discarded clothes, such as they were, and put them on a table over by the door. "It'll keep them dry too."
I looked back over to Ruth who was now wearing almost the same as she did on stage, taking time to note the tiny hint of her pubic hair through the underwear. This was going very well, and although there was obviously a little more to it, it seemed that our jobs now included them having to undress if I asked them.
They were a fantastic sight. Both of them had their boobs squashed together so much that they spilled out in a festival of cleavage. Liz's were the biggest, of course, but Ruth's really weren't too far behind once they were placed under that much pressure. If anything the new t-shirts seemed tighter.
"OK, girls, looking good. Let's get going, shall we?"
I stepped to one side inviting the two of them to get into the paddling pool. Liz stepped forward straight away and Ruth followed not that far behind, I stared at her bum as she got in. It quickly became clear there wasn't enough room in there for them both, they were practically bumping into each other.
"I think we'll have to do you one at a time."
Ruth made to step back out but I quickly said, "no, you first." She hesitated slightly but accepted things easily enough, Liz stepped out. They watched as I picked up an ice bucket and filled it at the tap.
"Clive's taken the pump back home for his car for the moment, so we'll have to do it this way." That wasn't true, I'd just decided I preferred it this way. I'd thought many times about how much fun pouring the beer over Ruth's head had been, and was eager to repeat something like it.
I stepped back towards her and she obediently lowered the arm that had been hovering around her chest. I decided to start with an inspection and stared at her t-shirt and cleavage from close up, Ruth let me look.
"Does it feel OK?" I asked.
"Er, yeah, it's fine."
"Not too tight?"
"No, not really."
I hadn't raised my eyes throughout this conversation, up close Ruth's nipples were already quite noticeable. I stepped slightly aside.
"Well then," I smiled at Ruth as I picked up the bucket, she swept her hair back from her shoulders and slightly inclined her body in preparation. I positioned the bucket above her boobs and started pouring.
The water wasn't as cold as a freshly poured pint of lager but it still got a bit of a reaction from her, she flinched away slightly and I found myself putting my arm around her waist to hold her close. Ruth leant back against it a little but I finished the bucket disappointingly quickly.
I stepped back to admire my work, but at first glance the t-shirt hadn't changed appearance much at all. It looked at least a little wet but was still about as opaque as before. Ruth looked down at herself then up at me.
"Not much change, is there?" I asked.
Ruth didn't reply and didn't seem too interested. She kept a hand firmly in front of her groin but it seemed likely that a few streams had run over her knickers. I wondered how transparent the thong would become.
"It seemed to kind of bounce off a little bit," I analysed. "Maybe if I poured it down inside your top it would work better."
"You're doing more than one bucket?" It sounded as if Ruth had thought we were already finished. Although there was a a fair hint of annoyance it sounded like a complaint rather than an effort to escape.
I grinned at her and decided to try and play it a bit more aggressively, "don't pretend you don't love the attention."
She shook her head, still remained slightly pissed off but I could see a small grin appear as well. "Just get on with it then."
I filled the bucket again and this time I reached out and pulled the neckline of her top out. It was so tight I could barely move it and although Ruth looked surprised she didn't bother to object. As I moved the bucket toward her she leant back her head and pushed her breasts out more than the last time. I couldn't help but pause for a moment and admire the view.
"What are you waiting for?" Ruth demanded, and I took that as the cue to start pouring. As I went I kept pulling her shirt out but I didn't see much. The water ran down quite pleasingly, though, covering both her breasts comprehensively.
This time as we inspected the result there had been a bit of a change, the t-shirt clung to Ruth's now wet boobs even more closely, and the clear outline of both was easily discernable. However the t-shirt was still stubbornly opaque.
I filled the bucket again. "One last try?" I said as I turned to her and this time she just shrugged as if resigned to her fate. She started to get into position but instead of stepping close to her I splashed the water over her chest in one go. I was fairly close so didn't use much force, but it was still a shock. She stepped back as it coursed over her chest and stomach.
"Jim! What are you doing?"
"Getting you wet, obviously."
She shook herself as if trying to get dry, glaring at me. Although I held her gaze smiling I could tell that my last two buckets had made a difference to her now uncovered underwear. Unsurprisingly the white thong was now pretty transparent.
"I'm soaked already!"
"You certainly are." I couldn't resist moving my eyes downwards, which she picked up on quickly. She put her hand back in place and went back to glaring at me.
"I can't believe we have to do this."
"Oh, stop complaining, only two more t-shirts to go!" I was loving the dynamic we had, her acting a little annoyed but still letting me do more or less what I wanted.
She decided enough was enough and got out of the pool. "You take over," she said to Liz and I took advantage of Ruth's exit to give her lovely round, wet bum a few pats as it passed. Although she looked back at me, still seemingly mildly annoyed, she let my actions pass without comment. I hoped I was staying just about on the right side of her, and that the two times we'd been on stage had changed our dynamic for the better.
Liz stepped into place and this time I filled all three buckets.
"I'll just do the front first." I said as I approached Liz, putting one arm behind her back. "Lean over, I'll try a bit of a different angle." Liz bent slowly back putting some of her weight on my arm, her breasts rose towards my face.
I watched carefully as I poured the first bucket of water over Liz's tits. I let the water run out evenly but towards the end I moved the bucket forwards and poured the last part directly over her stomach. I watched as the water tugged her rolled down swimsuit slightly lower and wondered how far I could push this with her.
Liz remained bent over my arm and I looked closely at her t-shirt. "Just the same, really," was my eventual verdict. "Maybe I'll try it from behind and then that's that." I ushered Liz back upright and then turned her slightly to step behind her.
"Just bend over a little again." Liz obeyed and my hand immediately strayed to support her under her stomach. It wasn't really needed.
I lifted the new bucket and started to pour over the back of her shirt, unsurprisingly the t-shirt stayed as it was and I pretty soon lowered the bucket again so that the majority of the water hit her lower back, and then, inevitably, her beautiful bum. I tried to angle it to again pull her swimsuit lower and fairly soon I was treated to the sight of her butt crack. It was pretty certain Liz would be able to tell what I was doing but she didn't flinch.
"I thought we were testing the t-shirts." Ruth now sounded almost ironic, though still with a hint of outrage.
I looked up from my contemplation of Liz's arse. "Gotta keep conditions as real as possible," I grinned.
She just looked back evenly, it seemed clear she knew what I was up to.
Liz straightened up and turned back to face us, her breasts still bulged against the t-shirt but remained covered well.
"Well, I hope the next ones are better. Guess it's time for you two to change."
I couldn't resist also giving Liz's bum a couple of pats as she walked away, she hadn't pulled the suit back up and it hung ever lower as she swayed over to the box. My efforts with the water had almost got it clear of her hips so her body was no longer keeping it as firmly in place. I felt Ruth observe this before she headed over herself.
I watched them rummage around in the box, and as they held up the ones they'd found they seemed much smaller, which was a good sign. The two girls looked back at me briefly but seemed ready to change without much hesitation.
"Actually, girls, we need to try out something else before we move on."
They turned to look at me expectantly.
"Usually it's me or the contest winners taking them off, so we should test the new shirts for that."
What I said was true enough, though it still felt a little pushy of me to say. Ruth stared at me, "what a surprise."
It again wasn't quite an objection but her tone couldn't be said to be delighted. I smiled at her briefly but approached Liz, I figured she would be easier.
Liz looked up at me as I drew near, I took the new t-shirt from her hand and tossed it back onto the table by Ruth.
"OK, Liz, put your arms up please." She kept her eyes on mine for a few seconds before obeying, lifting them both straight up above her head. I heard Ruth let out a sort of snort halfway between surprise and laughter but I ignored it and put my hands on either side of Liz's shirt. I started to lift.
I felt the wet material resist slightly as I pulled it up and over her tits, but pretty soon the two of them dropped into view in front of me. They wobbled gorgeously for a few moments, her pert erect nipples finally fully visible as I carried on tugging the shirt up her arms. Once the neck moved over her head it got properly difficult, and I had to tug several times to pop it free. Her D cup boobs continued to bounce about and I was sorely tempted to leave the shirt restricting her and grab a handful, but I somehow restrained myself. Eventually, though, she was topless and I was holding the shirt.
"That didn't feel great. It seemed much easier with the others, didn't it?"
"Yes, I think it was," Liz answered in her soft voice. She eventually put one arm up across her nipples, some modesty still left.
I looked over to Ruth. "OK, your turn."
"Oh, come on, why do you need to do two?"
"Trying something once is hardly a good test. Besides, why wouldn't we? You're right here."
"I can't believe this." She looked away for a few moments, clearly frustrated, but turned back to face me. She hadn't moved much so it seemed as if she had decided to let me but I wasn't certain. I smiled at her and tried to seem a little softer for a moment.
"You're taking it off anyway. Just do me a favour, you're going to look amazing."
Despite Ruth's attitude she smiled a little. While Liz seemed to get off on being ordered about, Ruth became more of a show off the more she thought guys wanted her.
She started to raise her arms and I reached out and began to lift up her shirt. Like Liz, Ruth kept herself in place as I slightly wrestled with the wet shirt to get it off her. Her breasts also fell out on display quickly and then spent the rest of the time jiggling as she was jostled this way and that. They were as spectacular as I remembered, not quite as big and pert as Liz's but still a youthful looking handful.
I had more trouble with Ruth, partly, I think, as I was more hesitant to actually touch her. That was no problem as it meant she spent more time with her arms locked upwards, tits exposed but face covered, a position I found extremely appealing. Especially viewed from so close up.
As I stared I realised that although I had seen both of them naked the first night and Liz topless the second, with the pressure and excitement of being on stage I'd never really had a chance to just enjoy looking. This afternoon it seemed as if I might have all the time in the world.
Eventually, though, Ruth's t-shirt was off and, like Liz, she returned an arm to cover her nipples.
"What did you think?" She was still trying to sound a little aloof.
"Oh, yeah, you did look amazing." I said it because she had.
"I meant the t-shirt, Jim."
I paused and let her have that one. "Oh. Well, it was a bit difficult to get off."
She smirked back, enjoying her victory, but given she was just in her tiny thong with one an arm across her breasts and the other in front of her underwear I didn't feel too cowed. It was tempting to try and keep things this way somehow, but Ruth quickly grabbed her next t-shirt from the table while I continued to gawp at her from nearby. She tried to keep an arm over her boobs as she sorted the shirt out to wear, but was flashing her nipples quite a bit. As I'd noticed earlier the shirt looked incredibly small and tight.
Liz saved me from just staring at Ruth by gesturing for her shirt which was still on the table near myself. As I passed it over I realised that they were made from a sort of stretchy, almost legging like material. They would clearly have to be pretty elastic just to fit over the girls' tits.
I stayed by Liz and under my close attention she didn't try to be as modest as Ruth, she used both hands freely to get her new shirt on, giving me another good look at her body. The top seemed to slip in place pretty easily and soon both girls were dressed again. Or at least as dressed as they were going to get.
The new shirts looked incredible. They were light grey and skin tight, with massive v necks that dipped down between their breasts and left acres of cleavage. The tops ended above their belly buttons and hugged both girls tits so closely it was as if they were painted on.
"OK, pool time." I patted Liz's bum and she set off to get into place, her breasts wobbling beautifully under the top as she went, and her swim suit hanging ever lower. I could see about a third of her ass. I looked over to Ruth who was staring down at her top.
"I don't think the girls in a contest would agree to wear this."
"You just did."
She looked at me sceptically. "Did I have a choice?"
I grinned, "you can take it off if you like."
She shook her head but for the first time it felt as if she was enjoying my teasing. It was an exciting development.
"Come on, let's get on with it." I put my arm round her body and ushered her forwards, letting my hand linger at the top of her bum as we crossed the short distance. I could feel the wet string of her thong beneath my hand but Ruth again seemed to have no objections to me touching her.
I made sure all the buckets were full and then stepped across to the pool. Liz looked questioningly at me and I indicated she should once again lie across my arm. She shuffled herself to get into position and I put my arm around her waist as she lent back.
There was much more contact between us this time as she leant her body into me and it felt as if I were genuinely supporting her at least a little bit. I had to put one leg into the pool to make sure she felt secure and I would surely get wet, but that didn't stop me from fairly quickly starting to pour water down her cleavage.
As last time the shirt didn't seem to get more transparent but it was tight enough to watch Liz's nipples harden further under the cold water. It also immediately started to slip lower on her breasts and I directed the water to tug at it even more. The combination of the wide v neck, Liz's ample boobs and the water worked together, and as I shifted my weight causing Liz to bounce slightly both her breasts popped completely out.
Liz didn't seem to notice at all. She continued to lie back and stare at the ceiling while I finished the bucket of water directly onto her tits.
Eventually I stopped staring and nudged Liz to stand back up, at which point she fairly quickly noticed the state of her breasts. I saw her face show surprise for a moment, then she brought her hands up to either side of the v neck but instead of pulling the shirt back into place she froze and looked at me. After a second I realised she was probably waiting for my permission before covering up again.
"Oh, well, I guess it's worth seeing if you can get it back into place."
She nodded and began to pull on either side. Her breasts wobbled about as she pushed them, causing her nipples to point towards me. The shirt though seemed so loose now it just couldn't quite keep her boobs contained.
"Well, actually Liz, you might want to sort out your swimsuit as well."
With all the movement as she tried to almost bounce herself back into the shirt, her suit had lost the battle with her bum and had slipped down low enough that her pussy was now more or less completely visible. I'd stared for a few moments at first, once again enjoying the sight of her fine, red neatly trimmed pubic hair against her pale skin which beautifully framed her pussy lips.
"Oh!" Liz seemed actually embarrassed as she looked down and saw what was happening. She quickly left her tits to fend for themselves and grabbed either side of her suit, trying to drag it in up. Tragically she had grabbed tightly on the rolls of her suit, so as she tugged up she didn't allow more material to unfurl. Consequently as soon as she let go it fell back down to where it had been. In fact it seemed possibly a bit lower.
Liz looked up at me in mild panic, one hand pulling her suit up uselessly at one side and the other across her breasts. Her pussy was still there for us all to see and I wished I had a camera to hand to capture the moment. Ruth let out another half laugh half snort, again exasperated with her friend's behaviour.
"It's OK, Liz, don't worry." I waited a moment before continuing. "Though, maybe you should just take the suit off."
"Oh yeah, of course she should." Ruth obviously sounded extremely sarcastic.
"Well, she wouldn't be wearing it in the contest and if it's going to fall down all the time it's just getting in the way." Although I was answering Ruth I kept eye contact with Liz.
"But, all she needs to do is." Ruth's exasperated sentence tailed off as she realised she was mostly talking to herself. She laughed slightly, half resigned and half amused. "Oh, whatever." I hoped it wasn't just Liz's clothing she was accepting was all coming off.
Liz looked down at herself, then at me again.
"Maybe you can have a pair from the contest."
She nodded slightly then started to slip the swimsuit down. I watched closely as she pulled it off her feet and stood back up.
"Although I don't know if we should waste them when it's just us three."
Liz held one hand lightly in front of her pussy and had long since given up the ghost with her tits.
"Will you be OK without?"
"I guess so." Liz answered quietly.
"OK, well, I think we'll do Ruth now."
I held my hand out to Liz to help her from the pool and, as I'd hoped, she used the hand that was currently covering her up. I'd deliberately reached towards that side of her body but it wouldn't have been impossible for her to use the other arm. I smiled at her as she passed, it somehow didn't seem appropriate to grope her ass this time. I even felt slightly disappointed Ruth was here, with Liz practically naked already I could maybe hope for another blow job.
As it was I turned and helped Ruth into the pool. The sight of her own barely clothed body was immediately enough to change my mind and be glad she was still there.
"Let's get this over with, then." She said.
"With pleasure." I turned to fill the bucket I'd used on Liz and I realised it seemed somewhat plausible that both girls would end up naked. Again. I told myself to keep it up, so far everything was going to plan.
This time I walked behind Ruth.
"We'll try it like we did with the beer, OK?"
Ruth turned to look at me. "Not over my head?"
"Yeah, of course."
"Jim, come on" Ruth's objection seemed pretty much just a whiny complaint as she remained stood right in front of me.
I started to raise the bucket. "Stop complaining and start dancing."
She sighed somewhat theatrically. "We'd better not have to do this nonsense again."
She was obviously enjoying the attention more and more and soon even obeyed my command to dance. It was more a slight sway that the actual moves she did in the contests but it would do, and I could see she wasn't covering her knickers up as she moved. From behind I couldn't see her pussy but it was delightful to know it was back out in the open. I started to pour slowly and the water cascaded onto her head.
She needed to sweep her loose blonde hair from her face and I soon realised that I didn't have the patience I managed last time. All too soon I was emptying the bucket over her as she gasped slightly for air.
I watched the dregs run over her essentially naked bum then leant forward and looked over her shoulder. Her breasts had sadly stayed within the t-shirt but that did mean at least one more bucket was obligatory. Ruth finally opened her eyes and looked where I was looking. As with Liz the material wasn't particularly transparent but both her boobs were very clearly outlined.
"I suppose you're doing another bucket?"
"Of course!"
She shook her head but stayed put. Ruth was becoming just as much of an exhibitionist as she had been on stage but also seemed more confident and outgoing now we were in private. I was enjoying the difference, the conversation between us was becoming flirty and lots of fun. I stepped over to the remaining buckets.
"How about we make it more interesting?" I said as I picked up both at once, it seemed just about possible for me to pour them with one hand each.
"Why am I always the one that gets this treatment?"
Ruth's complaining tone was almost playful, and without waiting for a reply she shook herself slightly and swept her hair back, seeming to prepare to be soaked again. As I watched her my eyes strayed to her thong which she had given up covering for the moment.
"At least I've let you keep your knickers on."
She looked at me with an air of surprise, I wondered if I might have gone too far but after a moment it seemed she accepted it.
"Let me?" The air of amusement was definitely still there.
I just smiled and stepped behind her with the buckets, I raised them up but couldn't resist a quiet, "for now." I saw Ruth start to turn to reply but I started pouring, and the sudden cascade of water over her head put a stop to whatever she was about to say.
This time, with both buckets to play with, I was able to keep a steady stream of water going. Ruth started to move again and I turned my attention to her bum which swayed about in front of me. It was, as ever, mesmerising and I found myself pouring the water from one bucket more and more directly on to it. Ruth responded, bending slightly to stick her ass out and shaking it more for me.
I tried to keep one over her head but I was failing more and more as Ruth's bum seemed to get closer and closer to my groin as it swayed. As the water finished I stepped forwards slightly and with the slight contact Ruth carried on easing herself backwards. She continued dancing for a little while pressed into my crotch and it felt wonderful, but she soon enough stopped and stood up.
This time it was me who needed a moment to compose myself. I had been semi hard for a while now but Ruth's bum had raised me up to full attention, and I could feel the pressure in my jeans. I resisted the urge to rearrange things and noticed Ruth already looking to check her shirt.
"Everything's still in place, these shirts are actually pretty good."
I moved in close behind her to again look over her shoulder. I let my body lightly touch hers.
"I think it's just your breasts aren't as big as Liz's."
We both looked over to the other girl, noticing her for the first time in a few minutes. She was stood watching, still in the same state of undress as she had been when she left the pool, with her nipples well clear of the t-shirt and naked from the waist down.
"That's not fair, hers are huge."
I smiled, "don't get jealous, yours are fine. Besides, it's time we had another look at them."
Staying close behind her I reached down and took hold of her shirt at the bottom. Ruth looked at me with very mild surprise, she started to put her arms across her chest then stopped and moved them back to her side. "Fine, go on." She said it with her now usual air of resignation.
I didn't hang around and started lifting the shirt. I made sure to also push backwards forcing Ruth's body into mine more closely, she didn't seem to mind though it would have been difficult to resist stood in the wet and slippery pool. The shirt came off extremely easily compared to the previous one, and I was pretty soon pulling it clear of her outstretched arms. Ruth kept herself pressed against me.
I couldn't help myself and reached down to her thong and quickly slipped a thumb inside either side of the waist band. I didn't start pulling down but Ruth still grabbed hold of my wrists as soon as she realised what I was doing.
"Hey!" She sounded genuinely surprised now but not that angry. "What are you doing?"
"Is that a trick question?"
"You can't take my knickers off."
I hesitated. She still wasn't trying to step away form me so I decided to continue with the 'joke'.
"That's not what you said last night." I started moving my hands forwards pulling the thong away from her body but not down. She tightened her grip pretty quickly and I stopped again.
"Come on, Jim, I'm not quite as easy as Liz." She still didn't seem angry but the playfulness was much reduced and she did seem firm. I guessed I'd reached her limits for now.
"Shame." I pulled my hands out of her knickers, but not before easing them forwards a little more and giving myself a very brief view of what was inside.
Ruth tried to move things on. "What's next?"
I stepped back from her and I pretended to study the t-shirt I'd just taken off her, the moment with Ruth had felt a little intense and I was momentarily lost for words.
Ruth laughed again. "Judging by what was just pressed against my bum you might need a bit of time to sort yourself out." The playful tone was back in earnest.
I looked down, you probably could make out that I had an erection. There was nothing too obscene but a definite bulge had formed. I decided to make light of it.
"Come on, Ruth, it's a compliment."
"Oh yeah, it really felt like one." Her voice was rich with sarcasm.
"I didn't hear you complaining at the time. Anyway, go on, get out of the pool so I can try Liz's." I gave her bum several firm pats and on the second or third she set off. I gave it a squeeze as she went and it seemed that was still perfectly acceptable to her.
I half wondered if she would go and get the next shirt or cover up in some other way, but she swapped places with Liz and stood facing the pool in just the thong and made no attempt to cover her breasts. They were still slick with moisture and her erect nipples pulled them into a pert magnificence. As ever I couldn't decide which of the two of them looked best.
Liz stepped into the pool in front of me and I turned my attention to her body once again, her breasts were beautiful but my eyes were inevitably drawn to her pubic hair. As I contemplated her Ruth chimed in once again.
"Don't get too close, Liz. I'm not sure you'd want to get as well acquainted with him as I just did." It was a joke but we were entering potentially tricky territory. Liz, of course, already knew my cock far better than Ruth.
I saw Liz look down to my groin and then back up to my face. She hesitated as she looked at me, clearly not knowing how to reply. I helped her out.
"Fine, Ruth, we'll just do it like this."
I reached out and Liz moved obediently another pace forward so I could reach her shirt. She raised her hands and again the Lycra like material slipped off her body with incredible ease. Almost too soon I was tossing the sodden shirt to the ground and looking up at Liz's now completely naked body.
As my gaze finally reached her face she gave me an uncertain look, not sure what she should do next. I tried to think of some excuse to dump a few buckets of water on her like that but it didn't come.
"OK, you can stop staring at her now." Ruth's voice wasn't quite as teasing as it had been, it seemed she was possibly a little unhappy with being completely ignored for a moment.
"Right." I looked up and then over to the box of t-shirts. "I guess it's time to try the last one."
The two girls headed over and I once again settled in to watch them change. Now they had just Ruth's tiny thong as clothing between them even seeing them rummaging in the box was very enjoyable. As they sorted through the contents both sets of tits were wobbling about in a very pleasing manner.
"We've got a problem, there's only one left."
I snapped myself out of my reverie and replied to Ruth. "Yeah, that's right, one left."
"No, you don't get it. I mean there's only one t-shirt in this style."
"Are you sure?"
I walked over to the girls. Liz handed me a new t-shirt and then pointed to the others now spread on the table.
"This is the only new one."
I had a quick look and it soon seemed obvious they were right, everything else was like one the girls had already tried out.
"Oh, right, well. I suppose one of you wears the shirt and then the other."
Ruth cut in. "No way, Jim, if there's only one shirt you only need one of us." She had obviously figured out where I was going and decided to draw a line in the sand.
I looked at the two of them. It seemed such a shame to let one go when they both seemed comfortable being essentially naked for me, but I knew Ruth was petty much correct. Besides, as I'd started to wonder earlier, perhaps there was the chance to take things further with Liz again.
"OK, fine, I suppose that's fair."
I looked between them, I wondered how to phrase my decision that it was going to be Liz staying behind.
"I'll stay." Ruth got in before me.
"Oh, really?" Her decision caught me off guard.
"Yeah, I'm not leaving Liz behind for you to take advantage of again!"
Her tone remained friendly and in jest but my heart still missed a beat, I wondered if Liz had told her about the other night after all and had maybe been a little annoyed. It had seemed like everything was fine between us, but it was so difficult to tell with Liz.
"I didn't take advantage, I." I started the sentence before I really knew what I wanted to say, and for the first time my confident exterior properly cracked and I sounded worried.
Ruth laughed, "relax, Jim. I mean, you did take her swimsuit off when there was no need, but I'm joking really." She looked at Liz, "I will do it this time, though, OK?"
Liz looked at her and then me and then her again. "OK." After a few moments she picked up her swimsuit and headed to the table by the door where the rest of her clothes were. Ruth and I watched as she quickly got dressed, it seemed as if we'd both decided to wait until she was gone to continue.
I was quite disappointed to see Liz go for obvious reasons, but also interested in why Ruth had chosen to stay. It seemed hard to believe it was just selflessness given she really hadn't seemed to mind what I was having her friend do. If she was doing it even partly because she was enjoying showing off I figured I may as well try to take full advantage.
Liz was fully dressed in a minute or so, then looked back at us.
"I'll, er, wait for you outside." She said to Ruth. "Bye, Jim."
"Bye, Liz, thanks for helping out. Guess I'll see you later?"
"Yeah, see you later."
It still seemed fine between us but it was time to put that out of my mind and concentrate on Ruth. I turned to her and she gave me a smile that seemed to suggest she was happy with the situation, and she still wasn't trying to cover up. It seemed a promising start.
"So, just the two of us?"
"Yep, shall I put the next t-shirt on?" She looked to where it lay on the table.
"Well, I think the first thing is to take your knickers off." I tried to stay playful, but it was also a real request.
She looked at me sceptically but stayed where she was, not yet moving to the t-shirt. "How do you figure that?"
"Well, I could have picked Liz, and I'm pretty sure she wouldn't have put any underwear back on. So," I shrugged, "it's only fair."
"It doesn't seem that fair to me!"
"Come on, it's nothing you've not done before."
She was still smiling, overall I'd say the reaction was pretty promising. "Haven't you see enough of me already?"
I ran my eyes up and down her body as I waited to reply, "no, definitely not."
Her grin grew broader, I was now close to certain she was just drawing this out to tease me. "Can I put the t-shirt on first?"
I shook my head. "No." I'm sure she noticed I was slowly walking towards her but she didn't move away.
"Well, I suppose given you asked so nicely." She started to reach down to her underwear but I was close enough to take hold of one of her hands.
"That's my job." As at times on stage I couldn't believe it was going so smoothly. An idea occurred to me and I figured at this point it was worth trying anything I had even the slightest hope would work.
As Ruth looked up at me I smiled and said, "let's get you into position", and I grabbed her firmly by each hip and spun her round.
"Jim!"
She sounded surprised and slightly breathless but not upset. I carried on with my vague plan and moved in very close behind her so our bodies touched as they had in the paddling pool earlier. This time, however, I quickly put one arm around her stomach and with the other pushed her forwards so she bent over it. She got the message easily enough and was quickly supporting herself on the table with her arms. I pressed myself even more firmly into her bum for a moment then stepped away. I gave her a light smack on the bottom, the sound of which was audible.
"Much better."
She looked over her shoulder with an expression of, I hoped, mock outrage. "How dare you!" The fact that she remained in the position I'd put her in suggested she probably wasn't truly that annoyed.
I crouched down and put my hands up to her thong. "You're free to go at any time."
"Yeah, right," she said, turning her head back away from me. I pulled her thong down quickly, staring at her now completely exposed and slightly spread pussy just a few inches in front of my face. I looked for a few moments more before standing up. As I stepped back Ruth also stood up and then turned towards me.
"Very masterful." She still had an amused edge to her voice, but there did seem to be a hint of admiration in there too.
"Who said you could move?" I tried to be as serious as possible. Ruth looked back at the table and I thought I could see her consider getting back into the position, but in the end she stayed stood in front of me.
"Come on, I told you I'm not quite as easy as Liz."
I quite liked how she responded, especially given she had already let me get her naked. I shrugged, "OK, go get the t-shirt."
She walked over to the table and picked up the shirt, she had her back to me and I was happy to watch her wet bum as she quickly pulled it on. She turned round and looked at me. "This one's a bit weird."
I could see what she meant. It was extremely loose and very short, with a massive neck hole. Ruth could only really make it cover her breasts if she stayed still. Any movement and either her nipples peeped out at the neck or underneath. She looked down at herself trying to find the best way to wear it. "Hardly seems worth having it on," she muttered mostly to herself.
"I don't know, looks OK to me."
She looked up and saw my gaze directed down to her pussy. She shook her head at me. "I don't know what sort of a test this really is any more, I doubt you'll persuade the contestants to start dressed like this."
"It will still test the t-shirt fine, come on."
I held my arm out to usher her to the pool, she came past and once again allowed me to walk over with my hand resting on her bum. It felt lovely and at first I was resisting the urge to squeeze it, but as we arrived I wondered why I was bothering and helped myself. Ruth let me get a couple of feels before stepping away and into the pool.
"Is that the sort of thing you were going to do to Liz?"
"Maybe. I'm glad it's you, though."
She smiled quite broadly but then dampened it down. "You're just saying that, you like her bigger boobs."
It did start to seem as if Ruth felt a little in competition with Liz.
"It's not just about boobs, Ruth." I had tried to sound a little more serious and we looked at each other for a moment, then I lightened up again. "Although this part is, really," I raised a bucket and invited her to get ready for another soaking.
"Over my head? Again?"
That had been my plan, it was still my favourite way to get the girls wet but I figured I could afford to be flexible. "Well, what would you prefer?"
She seemed surprised to have been asked. "Oh, er." She paused, "I don't know." I waited for a moment but nothing more came.
"Well, if you've no ideas then I think we'll stick with mine." I started raising the bucket again.
"No, wait, how about if I." It seemed like she was doing the first thing that came into her head, but I was intrigued to see what it was. She knelt down in the pool, then started to lean backwards supporting herself with her arms and presenting her breasts for me to pour water on.
I nodded to her, "that works," and started emptying the bucket. It quickly started to run both ways off her breasts and so forced her to close her eyes. I went deliberately slowly as I'd noticed that as she'd leant back she had also spread her legs a fair amount to support herself. I moved to the front and was treated to a very clear view of her pussy spread open. It was pretty pornographic and I could only presume that Ruth hadn't realised.
The bucket was finished far too soon and I made sure to raise my eyes to her breasts as she put her head up for my verdict, not wishing to give the game away quite yet. The t-shirt was soaked and not that transparent, but that didn't matter as it still didn't really cover anything. The looseness and massive neck meant it was mostly off her body and down her arm on the left side, with the entire breast out in the open. On the other side it had ridden so far up that her nipple was visible.
"Still seems a bit pointless, this one."
"Yeah, I suppose, but I may as well finish the buckets. You look amazing in that pose."
"Thanks." She smiled what seemed a genuine smile.
"Maybe try and arch your back a little bit more."
"OK."
She settled back into it. Sadly this time she didn't spread her legs that much, so the view of her pussy wasn't as good. Her tits, on the other hand, were spectacular, both settled on her body pointing high at the ceiling with her nipples straining out through the rush of water that flowed over them. I couldn't resist and reached down to move the t-shirt completely free of them both, letting it drape uselessly around her neck. It was hard to believe she had chosen this position herself.
Eventually that bucket was done as well and Ruth knelt forwards. She looked down at the t-shirt which was still functioning as a fairly ugly necklace.
"I might as well just take this off."
"Yes, you should."
After a moment she shuffled herself upwards a little and slipped it off, giving me a little smile as she did so. She was naked again, and this time I hoped to have her remain that way for a while. As she looked down at herself she laughed and shook her head.
"Seriously, I can't believe this is my job."
Ruth didn't seem upset by that so much as genuinely amazed, but I still didn't quite know how to answer. I obviously didn't want to say something that might cause her to reconsider. On the other hand, it would be interesting to hear her real thoughts about what she was doing, and it might also be a way to prolong her nakedness.
"Don't worry, girls do these contests all the time, they're all over the island. Besides, didn't you say you'd wanted to do one before?"
She settled back on her heels, still naked and in the pool. "It was friend's idea and I said I'd do it with her, but she got cold feet when we heard about the girls getting topless."
I noticed both times she'd said it was her friend's idea to drop out. "Sounds like you would have done it anyway?"
She smiled. "I guess, I always used to think about entering that sort of thing when I saw posters for them." She paused, then continued. "To be honest that day before the contest I was nervous but also quite excited by it. A part of me was definitely hoping Jenny wouldn't somehow talk Clive out of it."
"It seems like you've been having fun on stage."
"I don't know, maybe. It's so nerve racking it mostly just a blur, especially the time I was naked. And I was a bit drunk after the shots." She looked up at me, "I just remember doing whatever you said."
"Always a good policy."
She laughed.
"And let's not let my power go to waste, it's time for the third bucket."
"But I'm already naked!"
"That was your choice."
Ruth shook her head but she did as I asked, starting to lean backwards again to get into position. As she held the pose I waited, wondering how long she'd stay like that without the water. Her legs were spread a little bit again and I was able to get another look at her pussy lips. It was a good 10 seconds or more before she opened her eyes and spoke.
"What are you waiting for?"
"Yeah, sorry. I was lost for a moment." I started to pour, this time letting the water hit wherever I wanted on her body, from just below her chin right down to her legs. I let the last burst land as close to her pussy as I dared. She looked up to see the last few drops hit home.
"Oh my god!" She closed her legs. "Was I like that every time?"
"More or less."
"Jim! Why didn't you say?"
I smiled, "you picked the position, I figured you knew."
"As if." She knelt back up. "I was just doing what you told me to again." She sounded a little put out, but nothing too serious. I decided to go for it.
"You love it, I mean, it's not just me. You did what those guys told you to as well, you know, the ones on the table near the front."
"Well, yeah, I definitely did what they wanted." A look crossed her face and I remembered what she'd said the other day about meeting her admirers.
"So you met up with them afterwards?"
"Maybe." Her look, though, pretty much confirmed it.
"Course you did." It was my tune to shake my head. "I'm jealous."
She smiled almost to herself. "It was me and Ellie, you know, the girl from the contest. The others had gone home and some of those guys kept pestering us at the club we'd gone to. Buying us drinks, telling us we were gorgeous, begging us to dance for them again."
"Wow, did you?"
She nodded. "They somehow persuaded us to go down to the beach. I was talking to one of them and suddenly there was cheering and I saw Ellie dancing. I mean, stripping really. And I, I dunno, I just joined in."
I kept quiet, I wanted as much detail as possible and it seemed Ruth was in the mood to talk.
"It was dark, but they had their phones for light. We were drunk and they were egging us on, and we were both naked again pretty quickly. It was even more of a blur than the contest. We danced for a little while and then a few of them had their hands all over us."
She paused again and looked up at me, clearly wondering whether to continue.
"That's fine. It's just a bit of messing about like the contest."
"Well, it maybe went a little further than just the dancing."
"Well, Sex on the Beach is a holiday classic." I tried to sound like it was still no big deal.
"It wasn't that far, I didn't have a gang-bang." She hesitated briefly, then continued more quietly. "I just gave one of them a blowjob."
"Oh." I didn't quite know what to say, I'd had no idea Ruth had that sort of thing in her. But then I clearly didn't know her that well at all.
She broke eye contact. "I can't believe I just told you that."
"It's fine, it's perfectly normal."
"Normal?" It seemed that was maybe not quite the right reaction.
I shrugged. "I dunno." I paused slightly. "Like I said, I'm just jealous of them." I tried to hold her gaze and we looked at each other for a few seconds.
"There's probably already videos of it on the internet." She said it as if I could try and find them if I wanted. I decided I certainly would.
I bent to pick a bucket and headed to the tap, I assumed she'd stop me but it cost nothing to make the attempt.
"You must have done OK yourself." She watched as I filled it, still not getting out of the pool. "I bet you could have had the pick of the girls that night the way you acted on stage. Even when those guys were all over us in the club Ellie couldn't stop going on about you."
"I did OK." I tried to sound as cocky as I could, though I was quite surprised by what she said. "You girls like being ordered about, then?"
"Sometimes."
I walked back over to her in the pool, I couldn't believe she still hadn't moved or told me to stop. As I approached I gestured to her to stand up, which she did.
"I thought we'd finished."
"Not yet." I gestured with my hand. "Turn round." I'd decided to just go for it, it seemed like the worst that would happen would be Ruth just saying no.
She looked at me for a moment then started to turn around. It seemed she was smiling to herself slightly.
"Like this?"
"Bend over, I think I'm going to pour this one on your bum."
This time she didn't even hesitate before doing as I asked, bending over at the waist. However she only got part way down before her feet slipped slightly. I dropped the bucket into the pool and caught her by grabbing her waist. As she wobbled to regain her balance I pulled her onto me, my cock was obviously still rock hard.
She seemed to push herself backwards and shift her bum across me more than she needed to. She turned her head to thank me.
"Thanks, that was close."
"No problem."
"Shame about the bucket, though."
She was making no effort to move away and I couldn't help myself. I gripped her waist more tightly and started to move her ass about, grinding on her. She let me.
"Are you thinking of putting this in the next contest?"
I didn't reply immediately and after a little while she started to move mostly of her own accord.
"Actually, I'm thinking about the ending of a story I heard recently."
"Really? Which one?"
"It had you in it."
There was a pause, it stretched just long enough to make me slightly worried I'd gone too far. "That's pretty forward." Thankfully her tone wasn't offended, though it also wasn't quite saying yes.
"Well, how did that guy manage it? He just got his dick out while you danced?"
"Pretty much." She sounded slightly amused and was still using her lovely bum to grind on my obviously very erect cock. I decided it was enough to go for it.
I enjoyed her arse for a few more moments then started to unbuckle my belt, Ruth didn't stop what she was doing so I opened it and then undid my top button. At that Ruth lifted her ass away very slightly to give me room, and as I started to ease down the zip she stopped and turned round. I held my breath wondering if this was where she'd draw the line. She looked at me for a moment, then looked down to my half undone jeans. Wonderfully she started to get onto her knees.
"Don't think this will happen every time you just take it out in front of me, OK?"
After the success I'd been having I couldn't help but push it. "We'll see."
As she settled into place she lightly smacked the side of my leg. "Don't be so cocky."
She was already reaching towards my fly and I raised an eyebrow at her. She realised what she'd said and laughed slightly. By that point she had finished with the zip so peeled my jeans aside and down. My cock was already poking out through the fly of my boxer shorts but I quickly slipped them down as well.
She looked at it, then up at me with a smile on her face before bringing her hand up to slowly close around the shaft. Unlike with Liz last night we both knew exactly what was going to happen so I didn't try to hurry things along. I let her stroke my dick several times, letting out a few moans of pleasure.
"Is that good?" She was teasing and clearly knew my answer would be yes, but I didn't respond directly. Then after a few more strokes she asked, "shall I suck it now?"
"God, yes." I sounded quite urgent. Ruth smiled.
"OK, then."
She brought her head forwards and I watched in anticipation as her lips closed around my cock. Her mouth felt as wonderfully soft as I'd imagined, and as she got to work I took a moment to think about how ludicrously fortunate I'd been lately. Clive's idea was probably the best thing that had ever happened to me.
Ruth wasted no time, as soon as she had my cock in her mouth she started bobbing up and down the shaft energetically, letting me slide what felt like quite some way into her throat. She kept her lips tensed as they slid up and down and her tongue was able to help when I wasn't filling her whole mouth. The blow job she gave on the beach clearly hadn't been her first.
I had a hand on her shoulder and considered putting one on her head as well, but her movements were so enthusiastic and felt so good I was loathe to disturb her. Unlike Liz she didn't particularly make eye contact with me any more, either keeping them closed or, when she occasionally brought me all the way out of her mouth, she looked at my moist dick as she stroked it or just nuzzled the head.
After what seemed like no time at all, though it could have been several minutes, I could feel I was getting close. Not wanting it to end quite so soon I took a chance.
"Can I sit down?"
She brought her head off my dick and looked up at my face for the first time in a while. "Is something wrong?" She sounded slightly concerned, as if I was going to insult her efforts.
"God, no. It's just, I like it better sat down."
"Oh, OK." She seemed perfectly happy to move, so I shuffled as quickly I could to an office chair that was by the wall and sat down. Ruth was following close behind and as I opened my legs she knelt between them. I took the opportunity to admire her naked body once more and with just a slight shake of the head to keep her hair out of the way she lowered her mouth back onto my dick.
Despite the change of angle Ruth felt just as great, and her technique was similarly busy and varied. As well as hoovering up and then down until I could feel my cock enclosed by her throat, or teasing with kisses and light bites, she sometimes pressed her face into my balls and then licked slowly and hungrily up the shaft. The sight of her doing that was particularly erotic and it seemed frustratingly soon that I was again feeling close to coming.
I again thought about putting my hands on her head, this time wanting to slow her down a little, but the closer I got to orgasm then the more I wanted it. I decided to just leave myself in her hands. And her mouth, and tongue and lips. One last thought occurred to me, though, and I just about managed to speak.
"Do you, er, want me to warn you when I'm about to come?"
She paused, looked up and smiled at me. "That's OK, I can usually tell." And she almost immediately swallowed my cock once again.
I'd never had a blowjob from someone who seemed so enthusiastic about it before. It was like sucking dick was Ruth's favourite activity. It seemed likely she would let me come in her mouth, which was exactly what I wanted.
That thought was enough to send me over the edge and I surrendered myself to the point of no return. True to her word Ruth seemed to realise and stopped doing anything other than just bobbing up and down as fast as she could. It was a ridiculously effective technique and I felt like I was exploding into her mouth, but she didn't slacken her pace in the slightest as I emptied my balls.
My orgasm eventually came to an end but Ruth kept up her work, going much more slowly now but seeming to still enjoy the feel of my penis in her mouth it as I gradually grew softer. Her technique meant I didn't shrink back to normal size and it was an interesting sensation, I was sensitive but she was being very intimate and careful and it seemed as if she wanted the blowjob to carry on more than I did. Eventually, though, after about a minute or so of that she let me slip slowly from her mouth and knelt up.
She brought a hand up and wiped her lips with one finger slowly, and I realised that she still had my cum in her mouth. She smiled at me, making eye contact before opening it slightly to let me see the contents. Then she tipped her head back and very obviously swallowed, before repeating the gesture and demonstrating her now mostly empty mouth.
"Wow." It was the third time I said it, but this time I really really meant it.
She laughed. "It seems a bit silly to me but guys always love that."
"You did miss a bit, though." It was true, despite her close attention afterwards there was still at least one obvious drop of semen at the end of my now fairly soft dick.
"Oh, sorry."
She leant forward and lifted my cock with two fingers, before taking me fully into her mouth again. She sucked slowly down it, pausing near the end to swirl her tongue in my foreskin. I held my breath, it again felt sensitive but incredible.
"All done."
I was mesmerised by her, it was all so hot I could feel myself getting hard in her hand. Ruth obviously noticed too and looked down at my cock.
"Look how keen you are!"
"You were amazing."
She laughed, "thank you."
She had kept hold of me, and I couldn't help letting my gaze drift back down to my cock. Even though I had little hope of success my horniness meant I had to try.
"So, is it out of the question for you to." She picked up on my implication but I knew my tone had been far too tentative. She laughed again.
"No chance, not today."
I raised an eyebrow at her adding the last part. I couldn't resist carrying on.
"Tomorrow then?"
She looked at me for a moment. "Don't push your luck, Jim."
"So, definitely the day after?"
I was making it into a joke now, but her original wording choice still stood. She finally let go of my dick and stood up.
"OK, I'm getting dressed now."
"Fine."
She looked around and found her knickers and then headed over to the table for the rest of her clothes. I stood up and pulled up my boxers and jeans. Even after what had just happened I still enjoyed watching Ruth get dressed, especially the way her boobs bounced slightly as she settled her shorts into place. Finally she fastened her bikini top and she was dressed, it was fun to think of how soon she'd be taking it off again.
"What's the verdict about the t-shirts then?"
"Oh yeah." That this was supposed to have been a test had completely slipped my mind. "I mean, perhaps the Lycra ones? The girls maybe wouldn't realise till they were in the room, and it was only Liz who popped out really easily and she's, you know."
"Yeah, OK, we all know you think her tits are amazing." Luckily it was just a joke and Ruth continued. "I don't know, maybe. I think the ones from last night are probably still the best, they just look like normal t-shirts and I honestly think you'd have people backing out with those last two. I'm pretty sure I would have tried to last night."
"You're probably right. I don't know how Clive will take it, though."
She laughed. "Are you kidding, it'll save him money?"
"Ha, yeah."
As we started to head back to the bar I did wonder how far I could take Ruth's comments. It had seemed that me getting another blowjob was absolutely on the cards, but it was hard to really say. I decided I'd need to play it by ear, but that I should probably take every even slight opening I got.
"Jim, I don't think we should mention what happened at the end to Liz, OK?"
"That's fine with me."
"Good."
She smiled and seemed unconcerned that what had happened might complicate things between us, and a casual attitude to it suited me perfectly. Again I couldn't help but marvel at what a difference the contests had made to my sex life.