I was out on a roadtrip to visit my hometown. It was only a few hours, so I always opted to drive out rather than spend money on flying. I went alone this time, because I went out to visit on rather short notice. I don't mind being by myself. It's quieter that way, I suppose.
I don't really know what came over me. I know I hadn't seen my boyfriend in a little over a week. I was in a boring part of the drive, there wasn't anything to look at. The podcast I was listening to wasn't holding my attention. I couldn't help but imagine the way Andy's muscles looked when his shirt lifted, the defined "V" at the waist of his pants. I felt my pussy start to tingle. It was mid-day, and there was quite a bit of traffic on the freeway with me, and I tried to think of anything else.
And then I remembered the way his hot breath on my pussy felt as he teased me. Slowly running his tongue up and down the sides of my pussy, carefully avoiding my sensitive clit to tease me longer. The way he kissed and nibbled the insides of my thighs, leaving little marks. My breathing started to deepen, and I unbuttoned my pants. I hesitated for a moment. Was I really going to rub my pussy out here while I was driving? I didn't have tinted windows, anyone taller than me in my compact sedan would be able to see what I was doing.
I imagined that he finally swiped his tongue on my clit and that decided for me. I reached into my pants and started rubbing circles on my clit. I felt my panties were wet from what I was imagining before I even started. I thought about the way our eyes made contact as he ate me with fiery passion, loving every minute of having his tongue all over my pussy.
Then, I thought about the way his dick felt in my mouth, the hand on the back of my head sliding it further into my throat. The way he growled 'Good Girl' when I took it far enough to satisfy him. I had to bring my left leg up to put my heel on the seat to get better access to my aching clit as my pants were restricting movement. I Imagined lightly gagging as he slid it further and further into my mouth, before pulling it all the way back out. I thought about the times he made me stop before I could make him cum in my mouth.
I imagined the way he slides his big dick into my sopping wet pussy, wishing more than anything I was feeling it for real. My pussy was throbbing at the thought as I played with my clit. I slid two fingers into my tight pussy and fingered myself for a moment, enjoying the fullness my fingers gave me, even if it was nowhere near the same, before going back to rubbing my clit.
I thought about all the different ways that man could make me cum. I knew he would be so proud of me for playing with myself on this drive. I couldn't help but start to moan as I got closer and closer to my orgasm. I could imagine the way he would tell me I was being such a naughty girl and how much he loved it. I imagined the punishment that would follow for doing such a thing.
I saw I was coming up behind an RV. I switched to the left lane, not giving up the assault on my pussy, rubbing faster now, as I felt myself on the edge of an orgasm. I briefly thought to myself, "Do I want to do this while passing?" and then "I just need to cum before I get next to them," I desperately began to rub myself hoping I would cum before the RV driver could see what I was doing. I was right on the edge, but not close enough. I realized what was going to happen instead.
My moans turned into whines and i felt the release of my orgasm right as I came up next to the driver window of the RV. I was slouched back, hands in my panties, panting as I came. I wanted to look away, but I couldn't. I made eye contact with the man driving the RV. He looked shocked as I shuddered from my orgasm.
I quickly sped up and got in front of the RV, continuing on the rest of my journey. When I got to a good stopping point I sent Andy a message.
"I can't stop thinking about you," I said.
"Aww, you're sweet," He replied.
"Oh, my love, it's not innocent," I responded and told him what I did.
"You came while driving? Good girl!! But I am going to punish you when you get home" he said with a devil emoji, and he delivered. I would do it again, for the punishment alone.