I know I'm not the only guy who likes girl-on-girl action. I mean come on: that's why lesbian porn is as popular as it is. I know plenty of dudes with big collections of it.
Me, I've been jacking off to that stuff for ages. Even when I was eighteen, I'd practically made an art out of getting past my parents' Internet controls. And I never got caught— unlike some of my friends. I'd stay up late, and I'd put my laundry against my bedroom door so the light wouldn't shine through. Then I'd sit in front of my computer and watch videos for hours, stroking my cock for as long as I could. That was how I learned how to edge. That was also how I learned to vary my techniques, like massaging my cockhead first, then later playing with my balls. And when I did cum, I got the cleanup down to a science so no one else would know. (Among other things, I hid my cumrag deep in my closet, behind a bunch of old boxes, where I knew no one would look.)
I'd always wanted to watch girls go at it in real life. But it took me years to muster up the courage to do something about it. Every girlfriend I've had, I've kept wanting to bring it up, but I always chickened out. Till I started dating Amy.
Amy is one of those no-nonsense girls. She calls herself "sex-positive": she's not a slut or anything, but she's not shy about the fact that she has needs. Of course I've always been happy to satisfy those needs... but I couldn't help thinking another girl could do it too. Which I knew would be a helluva sight to behold.
I finally brought it up one night over drinks. We started talking about sex, and about our fantasies in particular. I was drunk and horny enough that I just blurted it out: "I want to watch you with a girl."
"I... what?" Amy asked. She blinked her eyes and frowned. She was obviously as buzzed as I was.
"Yeah," I said. "It'd be hot."
"You think I'm that kind of girl?"
"Well... y-you mean a lesbian?"
"I mean a girl who puts on a show. I hope you don't see me like a stripper or a porn star or something. Like I'm just here to get you off."
I wasn't sure how to respond. I tried to guess how bad I'd fucked up, and how I could keep this shit from getting worse. "Listen. Babe, that's not what I meant—"
"I want to watch you with a guy," she said.
That wasn't the reaction I'd expected. "U-uh... seriously?"
"Yeah, why not?" she asked. "It goes both ways, doesn't it? I'm allowed to have fantasies too."
"I-I mean... it's just..."
"It's just what?"
"Well... is that what you've been fantasizing about?"
"Why wouldn't it be?" she asked. She set down her wine glass, and she folded her arms. "You know I love myself some dick. The same way you love pussy."
"I mean..."
"When I was with my ex," she said, "I used to fantasize about him getting boned. I never told him that... and in real life he didn't have a gay bone on his body, at least from how he loved to fuck. But it did turn me on to think of him that way..."
"So that's how you feel about me too?"
"I mean... I'm not saying you're like Kevin, but still. It'd be really fucking hot."
At first I thought this was the alcohol talking. But the next day, when we were stone-cold sober, Amy asked if I was serious. I said yes, and she said she was serious too. Then she asked if I wanted to go for it.
I'll be honest. Even though I was the one who suggested it, I wasn't sure if I wanted all these strings attached. It wasn't like I was a homophobe or whatever: my brother is gay, and I was always cool with him bringing home boys. But it was one thing for my brother to get dick, and it was another for me to get it myself.
Then again, I guess Amy had a point. It did go both ways. If I wanted her to act out my fantasy, and if I wanted to watch her that bad— which I did— I guess it was only fair to return the favor. So after mulling it over, I finally said yes.
It turned out to be easier said than done. We didn't want to hook up with anyone we knew, so our first thought was to try Tinder. But we didn't get any promising matches.
After doing some more digging, I found a bunch of apps and websites that were specifically designed for this stuff. Some of them were for threesomes, others for swingers, and still others for whatever flavor of sex you could think of. As soon as I set up a profile, sure enough, that was when we started to get hits.
We ended up with more options than we knew what to do with. Amy let me do the talking, so I basically got to decide who she'd have sex with. It was a hell of a decision to make: I weighed all the choices, trying to find a girl who was cool, that both of us would like.
The final choice came down to an Allison, Danielle, and Veronica— or at least those were the names they gave us. Veronica was free that night, so she ended up being the one.
I couldn't handle the anticipation. My dick had been rock-hard that whole time. I was leaking pre-cum like you wouldn't believe, and I knew I couldn't last till that night. So I went to the bathroom to rub one out.
The thought of Amy and Veronica was like the perfect jack off material. I'd been imagining that for so long, I could hardly believe I was about to watch it for real. I was practically on autopilot as I pounded my pud: my primeval instincts took over, and my urges welled up inside me. Then my body seized up, and I busted my nut— for what wouldn't be the last time that day.
I'd just stepped out of the bathroom when Amy clucked her tongue. "You need to change your shirt," she said.
"What do you mean?" I asked, but then I looked down. It turned out there was another rope of cum that had landed on my shoulder. I'd had no idea it was there.
"You don't want to give the wrong impression, do you?"
"I..." My voice trailed off. "I guess not." Then I shrugged, and I went to change.
I couldn't believe how calm Amy was. I couldn't tell if she was just covering up, but she was about to lose her lesbian virginity— which to me was a pretty big deal. Then again, it was my fetish, not hers.
Finally, at seven o'clock that night, the doorbell rang. I jumped up to answer it, though it felt like I was going in slow motion. I unlocked the deadbolt and opened the door.
Veronica was one of those lipstick lesbians, without a hair out of place. She was tall, with a sexy dark complexion and a perfectly-tailored outfit.
"You must be Dylan," she said.
"Y-yeah," I said. "Come on in—"
"Hello Amy," she said. And without another word, she went in for a kiss.
"Mm," Amy said as their lips came together. Veronica wrapped her arms around Amy, and Amy didn't resist.
I was practically hypnotized as I watched the girls make out. Watching them in person was nothing like watching clips online. Especially since I knew Amy so well: I knew how her lips felt, and how her perfume smelled. And Veronica seemed to be just as into that as I was.
"Now," Amy said as she broke off the kiss, "let's not get ahead of ourselves."
Veronica nodded. "Lead the way," she said.
Amy sat on the couch. "Here. Make yourself at home."
Veronica put down her purse, and she sat down beside Amy. I sat on the love seat a few feet away.
"So," Veronica said, "what kinds of things do you like to do with a girl?"
"I..." Amy's voice trailed off. I could tell she didn't want to admit it was her first time. "I mean, I love getting oral."
"Then you're in luck," Veronica said, "because I fucking love giving it."
I licked my lips. I loved eating Amy's pussy myself, but I couldn't wait to see what Veronica would do with it. Considering she had a pussy of her own, she was probably an expert at making it feel good.
"Do you squirt a lot?" Veronica asked.
"I... I mean not really..."
"No worries," Veronica said, "I'm just asking, cause I squirt quite a bit."
Amy didn't seem to know what to make of that. "Okay..."
"What about scissoring?"
"What about it?"
"Me, I'm a fan, but you know how polarizing it can be. It's your call if you want to do it."
Amy glanced at me, then looked back at Veronica. I could tell she wasn't sure how to answer, but then she nodded. "I'm up for it," she said.
"Sounds like you're my kinda girl," Veronica said, and with that, she and Amy went back to making out. Veronica put her hand on Amy's crotch, and she started petting her ever so gently.
Amy sighed with pleasure, then spread her legs wider. Veronica accepted her invitation and started massaging her harder. I couldn't take my eyes off the sight: my girlfriend was getting felt up by another girl. And she seemed to like it.
Finally Veronica broke off their kiss. "Let's get you out of these clothes," she said, then pulled off Amy's blouse. She reached behind Amy's back, and she undid her bra so fast I barely saw it. And with that, Amy's tits came bouncing into view.
Amy undid Veronica's skirt, then yanked it down with her underwear. Veronica's pubes were as well-maintained as the rest of her body: they were carefully trimmed in a bikini line, with her carpet perfectly matching her drapes.
Veronica kicked off her shoes and her skirt. Then she pulled off her blouse; she wasn't wearing anything underneath, so her boobs started swinging around. She helped Amy pull off the rest of their clothes, till a second later both girls were naked.
"Dylan," Amy said, "why are you still dressed? It goes both ways, remember?"
I didn't need to be told twice. My dick had been straining to be let out, so I yanked down my fly and let my boy go free. Then I stripped off my pants the rest of the way, and I pulled off my shirt. Finally I sat back fully naked, put my hand on my cock, and watched the show.
Veronica kissed Amy's neck, then made her way down from there. She ran her tongue in a spiral around her left boob, then zeroed in on her nipple. She teased it with her lips, then started sucking it. As she did, she kneaded Amy's other tit, which had gotten nice and hard.
I couldn't resist the urge to play with myself, so I didn't even try. My balls were already tingling, even though I'd jacked off before. I made sure to stroke myself as gently as I could, so I wouldn't shoot before I was ready.
Then Veronica switched boobs: she started working Amy's right tit with her mouth, while she worked her left with her hands. Amy closed her eyes, arched her back, and started sighing louder and louder.
After a minute of this, Veronica went back to kissing Amy's body and making her way down. She ran her tongue in a circle around her bellybutton, then nibbled on her pubes. Then, at long last, she kissed Amy's clit.
"Oh yeah," Amy gasped. "Oh fuck..."
Veronica was clearly teasing her, giving her a taste of things to come. Veronica ran her lips down Amy's inner thighs, first on the right side, then on the left. Then she nibbled Amy's skin, but she made sure to stay away from her pussy.
"Lick it," Amy said.
"I'm getting there—"
"Hurry up!" Amy yelled.
Those words were music to my ears. I never thought I'd hear Amy beg for a woman, but here she was. It was like my years' worth of dreams were coming true.
Veronica took her time, but she slowly headed back to Amy's crotch. She ran her tongue back and forth along Amy's pussy lips, first on one side, then on the other. Then she massaged her clit with her mouth, and Amy started writhing with pleasure.
"Holy shit," Amy said as she spread her legs even further. Her tits jiggled as her body heaved and quaked. She ran her hands up and down her torso, and she swung her head back and forth.
I could feel myself getting close to the edge, so I forced myself to stop touching my cock. I let it plop against my bellybutton, and a spot of pre-cum splashed on my abs. But I was still dying to play with myself, so I reached between my legs and started fondling my balls.
Amy's eyes met mine, and she looked like she wanted to say something. But she was panting so hard, she couldn't form any words. She just laid there, with her gaze locked on mine, as her eyelashes fluttered with pleasure.
By now Veronica had buried her face in Amy's crotch. She pulled apart her pussy lips, and she went to town on her cunt. She was pressed so hard against Amy's body that I couldn't really see what she was doing. But it was she was clearly fucking her with her tongue, slurping up her juices, and worshiping her clit.
Amy's body started to tense up, and she started moaning louder and louder. I knew where this was going, since I'd seen it play out plenty of times. Amy loved nipple play, so she started playing with her own tits. That only turned her on even more, so within a few seconds, she was going over the edge.
"O-o-o-o-o-oh God!" she yelled as her muscles went taut, and she let her orgasm take over. Veronica didn't miss a beat; she kept gorging on Amy's pussy as if her life depended on it.
It took me a second to process what I'd just seen. Another girl had just gotten my girlfriend off. And it was every bit as awesome as I'd imagined.
Finally Amy started to catch her breath. She looked over at Veronica, and as she did, I saw her face was flushed. The same way it always was when she'd cum. "Holy shit," she said.
Veronica peeked up from Amy's crotch. Her lips were glistening with Amy's juices. "You want to return the favor?" she asked.
Amy didn't hesitate. "Yeah," she said. "Get over here."
Veronica smiled, then moved up for another kiss. Amy didn't resist; I don't know if she was just caught up in the moment, or if she really did like it. Either way, it was hot.
Eventually Veronica broke off the kiss, and she climbed on top of Amy's body. Then she got up on her knees, and slowly but surely, she lowered her cooch on Amy's face.
Amy seemed to know just what to do. She licked Veronica's pussy lips, the same way Veronica had done to her. Then she started teasing her clit.
"Oh yeah," Veronica said as she threw her head back. "You feel so good on my cunt..."
That seemed to encourage Amy even more. She stuck her face deep in Veronica's crotch, and once again, I could barely see what she was doing. But I could definitely see the results: Veronica gyrated her body, clearly enjoying the ride, and her boobs went bouncing up and down.
I could barely contain myself. I knew if I touched my dick, I'd bust my nut right then and there. More and more pre-cum was dripping down my shaft, and my first instinct was to ask the girls to lap it up. But I knew better— and besides, I didn't want to interrupt them when they were in the zone.
"Keep doing that," Veronica gasped. "Oh shit... oh shit..."
Amy pulled back a little bit, so I could finally see what she was doing. She reached up and dabbed her fingers against Veronica's pussy. She was gentle at first, but then she made her way in, and finally she slid the rest of the way. She never took her tongue off Veronica's clit the whole time.
"Oh fuck yeah," Veronica said. "C'mon, baby, fuck me harder..."
Amy did as she was told. She rammed her fingers into Veronica's body, over and over, going faster and faster. Her lips and her tongue also picked up the pace as they swirled around Veronica's clit.
"OH FUCK!" Veronica yelled as she suddenly got off. "HOLY SHIT! Oh baby... oh yeah..."
I was so caught up in the show, I wasn't even bothered by how she called my girlfriend her baby. After all, Veronica was giving Amy something I couldn't offer myself.
Slowly but surely, Veronica came down off her high, but she made clear she wasn't finished. Of course, unlike us guys, she and Amy could keep cumming over and over. Which was apparently her plan.
Veronica climbed back across Amy's body, then got in the scissor position. Amy had no idea what to do, but Veronica didn't bat an eye. She just intertwined their legs, pressed their pussies against one another, and pulled Amy in for a kiss.
By now my balls were full-on boiling. As much as I wanted to edge, I knew I couldn't hold off much longer. My dick was hungrier than ever, and I was dying to beat off.
Veronica gyrated her body so her clit rubbed up against Amy's. I could see their folds of flesh jiggling against one another, with little pieces coming in and out of view. Both girls gasped and groaned as they kept making out. Amy started playing with Veronica's tits, using all the same techniques she liked done on herself. Veronica took the hint, and she started playing with Amy's tits too.
The girls' rhythm picked up the pace as their groans got louder and louder. It didn't take long before they both got off again: Amy arched her back, the way she always did, though Veronica kept their lips locked firmly together. Both girls clutched each other's bodies as if their lives depended on it.
"Oh shit," Amy said when they broke off their kiss. She closed her eyes and gasped as she succumbed to her orgasm. Then, once her body was done spasming, she gave off an expression that I'd never seen before.
"Hell yeah," was all I could say.
Amy turned her head. "Do you like what you see?"
"You bet your ass I do."
"I think it's time for you to get off too."
"Here," Veronica said as she adjusted her body. "I have an idea." She made Amy roll over on her side, so she was facing toward me. Then Veronica got in a spooning position behind her, and she made her lift her leg. Finally she reached across Amy's torso, brought her fingers to Amy's cunt, and quietly slid them inside.
"Oh yeah," Amy gasped. Then she swiveled her hips around, so she could guide Veronica's fingers to where she wanted them. Veronica kissed Amy's neck from behind, then slowly made her way to her earlobe.
"Go ahead," Veronica said, "you know how to make your man cum."
Amy looked in my eyes as she reached back for Veronica's cunt. Amy didn't look at Veronica at all; she just did everything by feel. But she slid her fingers back inside her, so now both girls were finger-fucking each other.
"Oh shit," Veronica said as Amy hit her G-spot.
Amy made a sly grin as she fucked Veronica harder. Veronica didn't exactly complain; she worked Amy's pussy harder than ever, while both girls groaned with pleasure.
By then I couldn't take it anymore. I grabbed my cock and started yanking away. I looked right in Amy's eyes, and she looked back into mine. Both of us breathed heavier and heavier, in practically perfect sync, till we both went over the edge.
"HOLY FUCK!!" I yelled as my muscles jerked and my cum shot through my body. Ropes of my jizz flew into the air, though most of them fell back down and splattered on my abs.
"Oh God!" Amy yelled as she got off again. Her body squirmed in ecstasy, and she clenched her thighs around Veronica's fingers.
A split second later, Veronica let out a scream as her juices came squirting out of her. Most of her cunt water landed on Amy, though some of it got on the cushions.
"Oh yeah," I gasped as my orgasm died down. I still couldn't believe what I'd just seen. My girl had finally swum in the lady pond, and she'd liked it. She didn't seem to mind the fact that she was dripping with pussy juice; Veronica had satisfied her needs, and that was all that mattered.
I'd practically forgotten that I'd made Amy a promise too. But as soon as Veronica left, she made sure to remind me.
"Now listen," she said, "I'm not saying I didn't like it... but a deal is a deal."
"Hey, I get it," I said. "I can stick my dick wherever you want me to."
"You're gonna have to do more than that. I told you I like watching guys getting fucked."
I felt a pang of fear when she said that. "You mean... you want me to take it up the ass?"
"Yeah, why not?" she asked. "I just ate a girl's pussy and had full-on lesbian sex—"
"Okay okay," I said. "I get the point. It's just..."
Amy crossed her arms. "Yes...?"
"I mean... i-it's just I've never done this before."
"Then join the club," she replied. "I'd never gotten fucked by a woman before. Which as far as I'm concerned makes us even. But you know what? It turned out fine for me... and it'll turn out fine for you too."
I chewed my lip, then finally nodded. I knew Amy was right; I was just nervous about what I was in for. I couldn't wrap my mind around the thought of another man's dick up my ass. Then again, as Amy had said, it did go both ways... so I knew I didn't have a choice.
I tried calling my brother, since he was obviously experienced in gay sex. But I couldn't bring myself to tell him what I was about to do. I did manage to broach a more general sex talk, the kind that brothers have all the time. At one point he mentioned liking his boyfriend's big dick, and I tried to press him for details.
"Wait a minute," I said. "Doesn't that hurt?"
"What, you mean taking a big dick?"
"Well yeah..."
"Not if you know what you're doing," he said. "Me, I wouldn't want it any other way."
I wanted to ask him to elaborate, but I didn't want to make him suspicious. So I just shrugged, acted casual, and steered the conversation toward random bullshit. I did feel a little encouraged, knowing he actually enjoyed getting it up the ass. So at least I knew it could feel good.
Then again, I was the inexperienced straight guy in the equation, so I still had no idea how this would go. I worried that it would be awkward, and that Amy would be disappointed. But I also couldn't help wondering: what if I did like it? Wouldn't that make things weird... especially since I'd be right in front of my girlfriend?
Amy knew I was nervous, so she helped me get ready. She offered to let me borrow her vibrator, and she encouraged me to experiment with it. I'd never used a vibrator before, but I figured I had nothing to lose.
Amy tried to relax me as best she could. She made me a candlelight dinner, and she plied me with a couple of glasses of wine. Then she led me to the bed, got me naked, and had me lie flat on my back.
"Now," she said, "make sure you use lots of lube. You can control how much vibration you want: just turn the knob at the bottom. And if you don't want any vibration at all, that's fine. Just do whatever feels good."
"Okay..."
"Now have at it," she said as she gave me a kiss. "You'll do fine." And with that, she sat back to watch.
I took a deep breath, then reached for the lube, and I dabbed it on my butthole. It did feel weird at first: after all, I'd only ever lubed up my cock before. But I kind of liked the feeling of my fingers on my hole. I added another glob of lube, and at first I smeared it in circles. Then I started to get more daring, and I stuck a finger up my butt.
"There you go," Amy said. "Loosen yourself up."
I nodded and pushed my finger in deeper and deeper. Then I added a second finger, which felt uncomfortable at first, but then I got used to it. I slid my fingers in and out, and the more I did it, the better it started to feel.
"Damn that's hot," Amy said.
I reached for the vibrator with my free hand. Then I pulled my fingers from my butt, spread my legs, and got the vibrator into position. I didn't turn it on, but I pressed it against my hole, and I just savored that feeling for a second. Then I pushed it inside me.
"Yeah," Amy said. She stuck her hand down her pants, and she started touching herself as she watched.
I fucked myself slowly at first, letting my body get used to the feeling. It did turn me on: by now my dick was nice and hard, and I was starting to breathe deeper. I shifted the vibrator's angle, and I realized it could go in even further. I pushed it in all the way, so that only the handle was sticking out of me.
Amy licked her lips as she watched. Her eyes were practically twinkling. She undid her fly to give herself easier access. Then she started rubbing her clit.
Slowly put surely, I picked up the pace. I noticed it actually felt better to pull it out further, then shove it back in. I did that a couple of times, then pulled it out the whole way. My sphincter tightened up for a second, but then I rammed myself as hard as I could, which forced my hole back open.
By now I was so into it that I wasn't even watching Amy. I was just working my ass as hard as I could. Not that Amy was complaining.
It was time to take this to the next level, so I turned the vibrator on, and it started shaking inside me. At first it was kind of gentle, but then I realized the vibrator was adjustable. I turned the knob further, and it rumbled harder and harder. I kept thrusting it in and out, savoring every jolt, every bump, every quiver.
"Try hitting your G-spot," Amy said.
I thought only girls could do that, but I was too busy to say anything. I gyrated my hips, and I pounded my ass from all kinds of different angles. Each angle felt good, each in its own way. I was getting to know my body in ways I'd never imagined.
I heard Amy moan, and I could tell she was close. Then she started gasping faster and faster.
I wanted to cum with her, so I grabbed my cock with one hand, while I kept fucking myself with the other, and I started whacking away. By now my whole body was going haywire, and I loved every second of it. It only took a few moments before I went past the point of no return.
"Oh yes!" Amy yelled as she got herself off, and she let off a couple more yelps.
My cock started shooting, and my cum went splattering every which way. Some of it went on my chest, and some of it pooled on my abs. The rest of it just poured across my hand.
"Whew," Amy said. Then she let off another breath.
I pulled the vibrator out of me, then finally turned it off. Then I looked over at Amy, and I saw she still had her fingers up her pussy.
"Looks like you liked that as much as I did," she said.
I looked down at all my cum. "Well," I said, "I guess you could say that..."
"If you can take a vibrator, then you can take a dick." She came over and gave me a kiss. "I believe in you, baby."
Amy ended up picking the guy I'd have sex with— the same way I'd picked out her girl. She was just as diligent as I'd been before. She sifted through the options, trying to gauge which guy we'd both like best. It was kind of a weird feeling, leaving such a personal decision in someone else's hands. But like we'd always said, it did go both ways.
Amy narrowed the options down to a Blake, Joel, and Ricardo. She messaged Ricardo first, but he didn't respond for a while. Then she messaged Blake, who responded right away, and he seemed totally down for what we wanted to do. So that's how the decision was made, that Blake would be the dude to take my gay virginity.
Amy also took care of the logistics. She laid out a bottle of lube, along with a bunch of condoms. I couldn't help noticing that the condoms were in all different sizes, since we didn't know how big Blake really was. It was one more sign that I didn't really know what I was in for.
Once again, the anticipation was killing me. Except unlike before, I wasn't living out my own fantasy; I was living out Amy's. I definitely didn't want to disappoint my girl, though I also didn't want to disappoint myself.
Blake showed up right on time, again at seven o'clock. This time it was Amy who jumped for the door.
When she invited him inside, that's I caught my first glimpse of the guy. He had greenish-brown eyes, sandy-colored hair, and a slender but muscular build. My first thought was that of course Amy had picked him: he looked like her celebrity crushes, kind of like Nicholas Hoult or maybe a young Robert Pattinson.
"Hey man," were the first words Blake said to me. He acted like we were just randomly saying hi, as if none of this was a big deal.
"Hey," was the only response I could think of.
Amy sat down in the love seat, the same place I'd sat a few days before. "Now," she said, "go ahead, make yourselves comfortable."
"Thanks," Blake said as he sat on the couch. Then he looked up at me. "You want to join me?"
"O-oh sure," I said as I sat down beside him.
"You know your girlfriend was right," he said. "You're real cute."
I'd never had a guy talk to me that way. Or at least it had never been that obvious. "Thanks dude," I said. Then, before I realized what I was saying, I blurted out: "So are you."
Blake just grinned. "Well in that case, you're in luck," he said. "Since you're gonna get to have your way with me—"
"I-I son't know if I'd put it that way—"
"Then how would you put it?" he asked, and he put his hand on my leg.
"Well," I said, "maybe we don't need to label it at all."
"Fair enough," he replied, but before I could say another word, he moved in for a kiss.
I didn't resist, so the next thing I knew, Blake and I were making out. To be honest, it wasn't that different than kissing a girl: his skin was definitely rougher, and his cologne did smell different. But that was basically it. His lips felt exactly the same as a girl's, and he moved his body exactly the same way.
As we kissed, Blake moved his hand up my leg, till he was playing with my crotch. I could tell I was in expert hands, both literally and otherwise: he touched me the same way I liked to touch myself. He put his free arm around me, and he pulled me closer. "Mm," he said between kisses, "is it true you're new at this?"
"Well," I said, "I don't know what Amy told you."
"Well, for example... have you ever jacked off with a friend?"
I was kind of surprised that he went there. Then again, it did kinda make sense. "I mean... not a guy friend, no—"
"How about watching a boy? Have you ever beat off to that? Not counting straight porn of course."
"N-no..."
"It's all good," he said. "It just means I've got my work cut out for me. Though if I do my job well... hopefully you'll wanna keep coming back for more."
"Hey," Amy said. "Don't give him too many ideas."
Blake snorted. "I thought this was your idea to begin with."
"Well... I mean still—"
"It's okay," he said. "I promise I'll give him back to you in better shape than I found him."
"You'd better!"
"Of course," Blake said as he put his hand on my cheek. Then he leaned in for another kiss, which I didn't object to. And he started sucking my face even harder than before.
My tongue went into Blake's mouth, and his tongue came into mine. Now we were full-on swapping spit, but once again, the flavor was still what I was used to. So was the texture of his taste buds as they brushed against mine.
Blake took my hand, and he guided it toward his crotch. This was where the sensations were different: I felt his boner through his pants, and I could tell it was yearning for action. But his anatomy still felt familiar. After all, Blake had the same basic equipment as me.
"So," Amy said, "how about you boys let those dicks out?"
I broke off the kiss. "Listen, babe—"
"Why, what's wrong? You both know you want to."
I didn't want to admit it, but she did have a point. I looked back at Blake, who just gave me a quiet smile. Then I took a deep breath, did as I was told, and unzipped his fly.
Blake's cock peeked out tentatively at first. Then I opened his fly all the way, and I pulled down his underwear, and his whole package came into view.
He looked exactly how I'd expected, at least based on having felt him up. He was cut, with an unusually smooth shaft, which was eagerly standing at attention. His pubes were pretty thin, at least compared to mine; it was hard to tell if they were naturally like that, or if he'd just carefully manscaped. Either way, his nuts were hanging loosely beneath him.
I put my hand on his rod, gingerly at first. Then I started stroking him more and more intensely.
"Fuck," Blake said as he grappled with my pants. He obviously couldn't wait to unwrap their contents. He stuck his hand in as deep as he could, then started working my cock.
"Mm," I said as I kissed him again. Our earlier awkwardness was gone, now that we were both rubbing each other's dicks. And we were getting more and more into it.
We kept making out while we played with each other. Blake's breaths got deeper, so I could tell he wanted more. I felt his pre-cum start to smear on my hand, and I knew exactly what that meant.
I kept my lips locked with his as I slid my free hand under his shirt. Then I ran my hand up his torso, savoring the feeling of his abs and his chest.
Blake finally broke off our kiss, but only out of necessity, while he stripped off his shirt. I started pulling down his pants and his underwear, and he obviously didn't fight it. It only took a second or two before Blake was buck naked, raging boner and all.
I knew I had to reciprocate, so I pulled off my own shirt, followed by my pants, my underwear, and my socks. Then I climbed on top of Blake's body— since he was lying against the couch— and we went back to making out.
Blake's dick brushed up against mine, and I felt a jolt of adrenaline. It was an intimate feeling that I'd never felt before. I lowered my body onto his, gyrating it ever so slightly. As I did, our ballsacks touched too, which just added to the sensation. Then our whole packages pressed closer and closer together.
"That's what I'm talking about," Amy said as she took off her own clothes. I caught a glimpse of her tits and her crotch, but to be honest, I didn't look all that closely. She just wasn't my focus right then.
Blake was busy wrapping his legs around me, and he kept pulling me tighter. "Oh yeah," he said between kisses. "Your woman is one lucky girl..."
"Tonight it's your turn," Amy said.
"Mm-hm," Blake said as I sucked on his earlobe. He responded exactly the way I'd expect from a girl: he closed his eyes and threw back his head, and he let out a loud sigh. I started moving away from his ear, and I kissed the side of his neck. And as I did, Blake's breaths got heavier and heavier.
Amy licked her hips. "So babe," she said to me, "you want to show your man what he's in for?"
"What do you mean?" Blake asked.
She waved her finger at me. "Go ahead, stand up. Let him get a good look at you."
I kissed Blake one more time, then pulled back and got on my feet. My penis was sticking straight out, and a spot of pre-cum was jiggling on my cockhead.
"Damn," Blake replied, "that is one awesome dick..."
"Well, like she said, it's all yours..."
"You bet your ass it is," he said. "I can't wait to do naughty naughty things with it."
I'd never really been objectified like that. At least not to my face. Not to mention from a dude.
"How many inches is it?"
"Oh I dunno..."
"You've never measured your dick?"
"No."
"Then let's see," Blake said. He got up from the couch, and he put his cock against mine. Then he took both of our shafts in his hand. "Me, I'm about seven inches hard... you look to be about eight?"
"I-I guess..."
Blake squeezed my dick against his. Then, with his other hand, he patted my shoulder. "Turn around."
I did as I was told, and I showed him my ass. I was standing right between him and Amy, so while Blake was eyeing my butt, Amy was eyeing my cock and my balls.
"Bend over," Blake said. "I wanna see you open your cheeks."
I'd never showed another guy my butthole before. But hey, he was gonna get an intimate introduction to it sooner or later. So I bowed down, put both hands on my ass, and spread it open as far as I could. As I did, I felt my hole get exposed to the air, which it definitely wasn't used to. At least not like this.
"Oh hell yeah," Blake said. "I'm gonna have lots of fun with that too."
I looked up at him, and all I could see was his body looming over mine. I gotta admit, I wanted to see where that body could take me. I tried to get in another position, but as I did, his dick smacked me in the face.
"Yeah," Amy said. By now she was full-on touching herself. "Keep going babe... you know what to do..."
I stared at Blake's cock for a second, then glanced at Amy, then looked back at Blake. Amy did have a point— I definitely knew what felt good on a dick— though I'd never tried pleasuring anyone else's. Finally I took a deep breath, opened my mouth, and guided Blake's penis inside.
"Oh fuck," he gasped. "Yeah man... suck me good..."
It was definitely a few sensation, letting another man fill up my mouth. But there were obviously no pussy juices like what I was used to, which meant there were almost no smells or flavors— at least compared to what I was used to. I don't know if Blake had just showered or what, but I found myself full-on devouring him.
Blake's cockhead hit the back of my throat, and at first I almost gagged, but then I figured out how to handle it. I also started using my hands, since I knew how good that would feel. I worked his ballsack with my right hand, while I kneaded his butt with my left.
I still wanted to do more for him, so I guided him back down on the couch— all while still working his cock— and I made him spread his legs. I ran my fingers along his hard hairy taint, and I massaged his shaft with my tongue. His body responded just how I wanted it to: he shivered a little, and he thrust into my mouth harder and harder.
"Yeah," he said, "oh fuck I need your dick..."
I liked the sound of that, but I wanted to hear him beg some more. I kept sucking away, and I played some more with his butt. I circled my fingers around his pucker, and he swiveled his body a little. I dabbed at his hole, gently at first, then more and more forcefully. Then I stuck a finger inside.
"Oh shit," he said, and he groaned with pleasure. He tried to reach for my cock, but in that position it was too far away. "Let me suck your dick..."
I teased him a little bit longer, then took my mouth off his cock. At first I thought we'd sixty-nine, but Blake apparently had other ideas. He made me sit on the edge of the couch, while he got on all fours on the ground. Then he started blowing away.
"Mm," he said as he took me balls-deep in his mouth. He buried his nose in my pubes, breathed in, then started bobbing his head up and down.
"Yeah," I gasped. "Oh shit that feels good..."
"You like it?" Amy asked.
I didn't want to say too much, since I didn't want her to get jealous. But Blake clearly knew how to pleasure a dude. And I had to admit I liked it. A lot.
Amy didn't seem to mind. "Tell him how you want it," she said.
"I..." I looked down at Blake, and he looked right back, though he kept my dick securely in his mouth. He looked like he was just waiting for my command.
"You want your thighs played with?" Amy asked.
I wanted to shoot her a look, since she knew full well that I'd like it. But I was enjoying the blowjob so much that I just nodded. "Yeah..."
Blake ran his hands up my legs, then onto my torso, and back down again. He massaged my hamstrings for a second. After that, he caressed his fingers against my skin, and he started moving his hands in circles.
"Oh fuck," I said. I had a surprising urge to reciprocate, as if I couldn't resist playing with Blake's body. I ran my hands down his back, feeling his muscles, his shoulder blades, and his spine. Then I reached all the way down to his butthole, and I dabbed at it again.
"Yeah," Amy said. From where she was sitting, she had a clear view of my finger working Blake's ass. Just like I had a clear view of Amy's fingers working her pussy.
Blake started sucking harder and harder, and the pleasure got more and more intense. I wasn't ready to cum, so I used every edging technique I could.
He clearly knew I was close, so he let my dick plop out of his mouth. "You want to keep going?"
"You think I'm ready for this to be over?"
Blake grinned and gave me another kiss. "That's what I figured," he said. "I just want to be sure."
By now it felt totally normal to make out with a guy. I put my hands on Blake's cheeks, and I massaged his lips with mine, and I even went out of my way to give him some tongue.
Blake kept caressing my skin. Eventually he broke off our kiss and ran his lips down my neck. He circled his tongue around my Adam's apple, then made his way down to my pecs, and he teased my nipples with his mouth.
"Oh yeah," I sighed as my body squirmed on the couch.
Blake played with my nipples for another minute or two, then patted my chest. "Here," he said, "roll over... and lift up your ass."
I didn't know where he was going with this, but I wasn't gonna argue. I flipped my body so I was on my stomach. Then I adjusted myself to give him more access to my butt.
Blake stuck his face between my legs, and he started working my balls. He ran his tongue around my right nut, then rolled it around in his mouth, and he gave it a nice suck. Then he did the same thing with my left. He took it nice and slow, letting me savor the moment— and he seemed to be savoring it too.
I let out a deep breath, and I grabbed the cushions beneath me. Then I spread my legs a few inches wider.
Blake kissed my ballsack, then started kissing my taint. He ran his tongue in patterns across it, and as he did, my body shivered with joy. Finally he went for my butthole, and he started rimming my ass.
"Oh shit," I said without thinking. I'd never gotten a rimjob before. I'd had a hard enough time getting girls to go down on me, much less go near my butthole. Apparently I'd been missing out.
Blake seemed to know just how to pleasure my hole. He made it tingle unlike anything I'd felt before. He used his lips, his tongue, and his fingers in perfect synchronization, to the point that I couldn't tell which was which. My sphincter tightened up, though I didn't really want it to, and I tried to force myself to loosen up.
"Fuck," I said.
Blake kept rimming me for a minute or two. Then he finally took his mouth off my butt. "You ready to fuck?"
"Yeah," I said. I'd never imagined I'd be hungry for a dick up my ass. But Blake had primed me just right.
"Lie on your back," he said.
I flipped my body around, while Blake reached for our supplies. I'd assumed he was gonna stick his dick in me, but he didn't. Instead, he climbed on top of my body. The next thing I knew, he was aiming my rod at his hole.
"Fuck yeah," he said as my cockhead popped inside him. Then he let off a sigh, almost like a purr, while he lowered his ass on my dick.
"Woah," was all I could say. My cock was now inside another man. It disappeared all the way up his butt, till his glutes and his balls were resting on my pubes.
"Does it feel good?" Blake asked.
I just nodded. "It's tight—"
"That's the idea," he replied. "That's part of what's great about fucking a guy." And with that, he started to gyrate back and forth. I fully expected him to start stroking his cock, but he didn't; he seemed more than happy to massage me with his innards.
"Oh fuck," I said as I tried to match his rhythm. I thrust into Blake as he pressed his body against mine.
"Yeah," he gasped. "Fucking give me that straight dick..."
I was happy to oblige. I just banged away at his ass; I shoved my cock in him as deep as I could.
Blake's dick was swinging around uncontrollably. His package kept smacking against my abs, and his ballsack kept shuddering and jiggling. The man was hard as a rock, and he was leaking lots of pre-cum. He looked like he was getting near the point of no return.
"Your dick feels so good... oh God..."
"Then take it like a man."
"Oh fuck yeah!"
I pounded him harder and harder, and faster and faster. Blake's whole body was shaking, but he seemed to love every second.
"Yeah," he said. "You wanna know what this feels like?"
"What?"
Blake leaned down. "I think it's time for you to take my dick up your ass." Then he kissed me. "Are you close?"
"You want me to cum?"
"Soon. But not yet." Blake got up and let my cock fall out of him. "Let's see if we can get you off hands-free."
I didn't know what he had in mind, but it didn't take long to find out. He reached back for our supplies, and he lubed up my butt. Then he made me spread my legs, and he got in position between them.
"Just relax," he said.
I closed my eyes and leaned back, and a second later, I felt his cockhead hit its target, and Blake made his way inside me. His dick felt a lot like the vibrator, except better: it was warmer than I expected, and somehow more natural. My sphincter cramped up at first, and I think Blake could tell. He paused for a second, letting my body get used to him; then he slowly went in the rest of the way.
"How does that feel?" he asked.
"Don't worry," I said. "I can take it."
"That's my boy," he said as he started pumping away.
My ass clamped down on Blake's cock. The cramps were slowly fading, and feelings of pleasure were taking over. At first my hole still hurt a little, but in a good way. Then it stopped hurting at all, and it stared feeling awesome. I opened my eyes again, and I looked right at Blake. "Keep doing that..."
"So you like that?" he asked.
"Oh fuck yeah," I gasped as he pistoned away. "Holy shit that feels good..."
"Yeah?"
"Oh fuck me..."
Blake laid flat on top of me, and we went back to making out, while his dick kept on reaming my ass. It was almost like an out-of-body experience: I felt like I was inhaling his breath, and I was tasting his tongue, and I was feeling his abs, pecs, and nipples rub against mine. All while his cock was splitting me open.
"Aw shiiiiit," I said between kisses.
Blake shifted his body a little, and I felt a bunch of new sensations, just like when I'd shifted the vibrator before. But Blake didn't seem to want to stop there, so he shifted his body a second time, then a third.
"Oh Jesus!" I yelled as a jolt of electricity shot through me. It felt a lot like when I'd fucked myself, except this time, I had a real man taking it to the next level. A man who clearly knew what another man liked.
"You want to cum?" Blake asked as he did grabbed my hands and held them over my head. He was practically forcing me not to touch myself.
I definitely wasn't complaining, since Blake was hitting the spot. Every time he thrust into me, he seemed to drive me wild. WHAM! My cock and balls shuddered with pleasure. WHAM! My neurons fired all over my body. WHAM! I felt myself getting to the point of no return.
"Go ahead," he said. "I want you to cum for me."
WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! Blake pounded my ass some more, and each time he did it, I felt like I lost even more control. Finally I went over the edge. "HOLY FUCK!" I yelled as my muscles seized up, and I started cumming on my chest.
"Oh shit," he said, "oh fuck yeah..." He couldn't seem to take his eyes off my jizz. His muscles kept getting stiffer and stiffer, and a moment later, he went totally rigid. "OMIGOD!" he yelled, and then I felt an extra special thrust inside of me. Then another. Then another.
I let out a moan, then a couple more sighs. All of this was just starting to sink in. I'd just gotten off from another man's dick up my ass— nothing more and nothing less. And he'd gotten off inside me of me. Neither of which I'd ever expected.
I saw movement in the corner of my eye, and I looked over at Amy. I'd practically forgotten she'd been watching the whole time. She still had her legs wide open, with her pussy facing right toward us, now with a bunch of liquid lying in front of her. She'd obviously gotten off— knowing her, more than once— and she must've squirted, which I'd never seen her do before.
"Did you like that?" was all I could say.
Amy's face was especially flushed this time. She was clearly coming down from a high of her own. "Looks like you did too," she replied.
I looked up at Blake, whose dick was still embedded in my ass. "So did this guy," I said.
Blake just grinned. He still seemed to be catching his breath. "I guess you can say that," he replied. Then he pulled his cock out of me, and as he did, I got to see his big cum-filled condom. Ordinarily I would've thought it was gross, but I kind of liked seeing Blake's load. The same load I'd just coaxed out of him. The load he'd busted all the way up my butt.
I looked back over at Amy. I had to admit, it was kind of weird to have done this shit in front of my girlfriend. And it was even weirder to think I'd actually liked it. Of course, Amy had also liked her romp with Veronica, but still...
"Looks like you discovered your G-spot," she said.
"Huh?" I asked. "You mean that's what that was?"
"Oh for crying out loud," she said. "Don't be so clueless." Then she got up from the love seat, stepped over to the couch, and gave me a kiss. "And don't start enjoying that too much."
I looked at Amy, then glanced over at Blake, and finally looked back at Amy. It was trippy to have both their naked bodies looming over me. One male, one female. One who'd just fucked me, and one who liked me to fuck her. One a random hookup, and one a long-term relationship.
"It's cool," I said to Amy. "I just want to make sure you got what you wanted." But even as I said it, I couldn't help but wonder where all of this would lead. Maybe more voyeur shit? Or threesomes? Or... something else?
I did know one thing. For me and Amy, our sex lives would never be the same.