Dr. Sue Taylor had begun her day at work like so many others have countless times, at countless locations, for countless years. There was nothing special about this day, at least as it began anyway. She arrived at work and saw her first patient as scheduled. The session went as any typical session would go, and Sue bade her patient goodbye when it was over. Everything seemed normal enough, until fifteen minutes later, when Sue received a call from her secretary regarding her previous patient.
"Dr. Taylor, I am so sorry to bother you," her receptionist apologized, "but Security wanted me to let you know there's an issue with Mona."
"What kind of an issue?" Sue inquired.
"Umm, apparently, she's taken all of her clothes off and now she's playing in the fountain." the receptionist explained. "She's saying she told you she needed to talk more, and she won't come out of the fountain unless you talk to her."
"Oh for fuck's sake!" Sue burst out. "I have another patient due in fifteen minutes. Tell them I'm on my way."
A few minutes later Sue arrived outside the front door, and sure enough - Mona - an older patient in her mid sixties, was busily splashing around in the large fountain completely devoid of her clothes. Her fairly long yet amazingly firm breasts were bouncing and swaying, as she played happily in the rather deep pool of the concrete and marble fountain.
"Oh Mona!" Sue muttered, as she made her way through the growing crowd that had gathered to gawk at the sexy senior's nude body.
By the time Sue reached the security guard who was monitoring the situation, Mona had straddled the fountain head and was letting it massage her clitoris.
"Now this is the life!" she howled, as she began to publicly masturbate in front of everyone as the jet of water continued stimulating her at the same time.
"Mona!" Sue called out. "Come out of there at once!"
"Hi Dr. Sue!" Mona hollered back. "I'm going to cum alright!"
She let out a loud, pleasurable shriek as she experienced an orgasm in front of everyone.
"Oh yes, it feels so god damned good!" she bellowed. "Oh yesss!"
A burst of laughter from the audience was followed by a round of applause, as two guards waded out to the nude woman and pulled her to her feet before leading her back to the edge of the fountain and up onto the concrete plaza.
"Mona," Sue sighed, "what is wrong with you? You can't just take your clothes off like that and then masturbate in front of everyone."
"Why not?" Mona demanded. "It felt great. It still does. I feel so free without any clothes on. You should try it, Dr. Sue."
"I don't think so." Sue replied.
"I said, you should try it!" Mona hissed.
With that, she reached out and tore Sue's blouse open. Buttons popped and flew as the deranged woman tore poor Sue's top completely off, leaving her standing there in her bra and skirt. Before Sue could react, however, Mona kneed the closest guard in the groin and kicked the other one square in the balls. Both men dropped to the ground; cupping their balls in agony, as Mona headed for Sue.
In a panic, Sue turned and fled with the sexy senior right on her tail. She didn't get too far, however. As she entered the parking lot, Sue felt a sharp tug on her bra strap and then the sensation of the sun on her breasts as Mona ripped her lacy white bra from her chest as well. This caused Sue to lose her balance, and she stumbled into one of the parked cars, giving her aggressor the opportunity to pull her skirt down.
Sue tripped and fell onto the pavement; desperately trying to crawl away as Mona pulled her skirt and panties off, leaving the poor doctor wearing nothing but her pumps. Mona then savagely tore her skirt and panties to ribbons before the two guards were finally able to arrive and take her down with a stun gun. Mona dropped like a stone and lay on her back shuddering; her generous titties jiggling like two mounds of gelatin.
"Are you okay, Dr. Taylor?" one of the guards inquired, as he helped her to her feet.
Sue looked around at the crowd of people staring at her unclothed body in shock and disbelief. Many were people that she knew, and while this was in no way her fault, it was still quite embarrassing for someone in her position. She was a respected doctor and therapist, yet here she was standing in the parking lot totally nude, except for her shoes. It was at that moment, that Sue was thankful she had decided to trim everything up down below that very morning. Her brown bush had been neatly trimmed into an attractive triangle, and her legs were freshly shaved.
"I'm fine!" she snapped. "Now if you'll excuse me, I have work to do."
With that, Sue took a deep breath, squared her shoulders, and marched right past everyone and back into the building. As she reached the elevators, a boy standing next to his mother pointed at her and giggled.
"Look mom!" he said excitedly. "There's a naked lady standing there!"
"Really Larry!" she retorted. "You and your stories. One of these days-"
Her voice cut off as she spied Sue's bare body and quickly placed her hand over her son's eyes, as though it would erase what he had already seen from his mind, instead of using this as a teachable moment.
"Oh my god!" she burst out. "What a sick, disgusting pervert you are; walking around in public without any clothes on! You should be ashamed of yourself!"
"Look Lady," Sue said, with as much professionalism as she could muster in her voice, "I just had my clothes torn off in the parking lot by one of my psycho patients, and I'm really not in the mood right now to hear from some Prissy Missy, got it?!"
The woman huffed indignantly as the elevator door opened. The three departing male occupants mouths dropped open as they ogled Sue's bare body as they passed her by. She entered the car and looked at the woman.
"Are you coming?"
"I should say not!" the woman replied haughtily. "The thought of sharing an elevator with the likes of you is repulsive. I can only imagine what my therapist will have to say about all of this."
"Suit yourself." Sue sighed, as the door slid shut.
She exited the elevator on the third floor and strode deliberately to her office, doing her best to ignore the gasps and stares along the way. Sue entered her office and Daphne, her receptionist, looked up.
"Oh my god, Dr. Taylor!" Daphne burst out. "What happened?"
"Mona happened." Sue replied ruefully. "She tore all of my clothes off in the parking lot, in front of half of the people in this building. I think I encountered the other half on the way here. I suspect a lot of people are talking about all of this."
"I would tend to agree." Daphne acknowledged, trying not to stare at Sue's firm tits. "Your ten o'clock isn't here yet. Would you like me to try and find you something to wear?"
"No." Sue sighed. "It's too late for that. Look, I was born without any clothes on. I think maybe I can get through the day without any either. If my patients are offended, they can get another counselor. It's that simple. I'll be in my office."
With that, Sue retreated to her office to wait for her next appointment. She didn't have long to wait.
"Dr. Taylor," Daphne said via the intercom, "Mrs. Tate is here to see you regarding her marriage."
"Send her in." Sue responded. "Let's see how this goes."
She crossed her legs in a most professional manner and took her clipboard in her hand. The door opened and much to Sue's both surprise and amusement, it was Larry's mother. The boy was apparently waiting in the outer office; no doubt glued in fascination to yet another boring rehab show on HGTV on the large wall mounted monitor.
"You!" the woman exclaimed. "You filthy whore! You're my shrink? No fucking way!"
"Sit down!" Sue said sternly. "I told you before, my last patient went berserk and tore off all of my clothes. This is not my fault. Now, do you want to have a session with me or not? The fact that I'm nude doesn't change the fact that I am a damned good therapist. In fact, it should let you know that I am comfortable enough with myself to still see you despite what I just went through myself."
The woman thought about it for a few moments and then nodded.
"You're right," she replied, "and I'm sorry. I judged you for what I saw. I didn't give you the benefit of the doubt. It's just that my husband and I have had issues. Both of us. He's been cheating on me with his slut of a secretary, and now I'm having thoughts about going over to the Dark Side."
"Well, this is the first step, Mrs. Tate." Sue responded.
"Cheryl." the woman interjected. "Please call me Cheryl."
"Well Cheryl," Sue continued, "if you can get past the awkwardness of the way that we met, perhaps I can help you through all of this. You mentioned that you are considering some lesbian thoughts. Would you like to talk about that?"
"I'm not sure." Cheryl admitted. "I'm just tired of men always cheating and being the bad guys. Maybe I should try being with another woman and see how I like it."
"Well, it never hurts to try something new or get it out of your system." Sue said quietly. "How long have you had these feelings?"
"Oh, I don't know." Cheryl said, shaking her head. "I'm not sure I even have feelings. It was just an idea that maybe I should try it."
"You were angry with me earlier, for being nude in public." Sue probed. "Angry that your son saw me without any clothes on. I think you were afraid he'd think of women as objects, like your husband. Am I correct?"
Cheryl nodded.
"Yes, I think that's right." she admitted. "But now, I know it wasn't your fault. I'm sorry."
"That's okay." Sue replied. "I understand your angst, but since we first met, I kind of like being nude. It's what my patient Mona was trying to tell me when she stripped me in front of half of this building. I feel free now. I didn't understand at first, but now I do. Would you like to feel free too, Cheryl?"
"I-I'm not sure I understand what you're saying." Cheryl stammered. "Are you asking me to take my clothes off in front of you, or are you asking me to experiment with my lesbian feelings with you?"
"I'm asking you to do what you feel comfortable doing." Sue answered gently. "I'm only here if you need me. Why don't you start by taking your clothes off? That way, you'll feel just as vulnerable as I do. Then, if you feel aroused, you can always masturbate to help relieve the tension. Do you like to masturbate, Cheryl?"
The woman nodded.
"Yes," she admitted, "it feels wonderful. I love to lay in the tub; up to my neck in warm water and play with myself. I feel so relaxed. It feels so good. I always have a wonderful orgasm."
"Why don't we pretend you're doing that now?" Sue suggested. "Go ahead and take your clothes off. Lay down on the couch like it's a tub of warm water and start touching yourself. Then, you can open up to me and tell me what's really on your mind. Masturbation is normal, Cheryl. Admitting you like it and then sharing that with someone else is a big step in opening up completely."
"Okay." Cheryl responded, taking a deep breath. "I think I'd like that, and I'd like to share this with you."
She stood and slowly began unbuttoning her blouse. Sue nodded encouragingly, and Cheryl pulled her top off and cast it to one side.
"Now your bra." Sue coaxed. "Let your titties go free."
Cheryl nodded and unclasped her bra, pulling it off and letting it drop to the floor. Her tits weren't huge, but they were long and thin, and having breastfed Larry the brat, they were also somewhat soft, and hung by her navel.
"You have lovely breasts." Sue said with a smile. "Your areolas aren't oversized, and your nipples are quite chunky. Any man would love to caress and play with them. I know I would."
Oops! It had slipped without her even realizing it. Sue could feel the fire flowing into her cheeks, as her embarrassment became obvious, but Cheryl didn't seem to notice.
"You would?" she inquired incredulously. "Would you suck them too?"
Sue was caught between a rock and a hard place, and needed to think this through before she replied.
"Why don't you just keep going for now?" she suggested.
Cheryl nodded and continued removing her clothes. Once she was undressed and fully nude, she looked at Sue for encouragement.
"I'm ready to continue." she offered.
Sue snapped back into reality and nodded.
"Good!" she said with a warm smile. "Why don't you go ahead and lay down on the couch now? Imagine you're in a tub of warm water. It's completely engulfing you; relaxing you."
Cheryl stretched out on the brown leather couch and sighed.
"So comfy." she murmured. "It's so warm."
"Are you in a special place" Sue inquired.
Cheryl nodded.
"Good." Sue responded. "Then go ahead and touch yourself. Don't be embarrassed or ashamed. It's natural, Cheryl. Do this in front of me, so we can bond."
Cheryl nodded again, and began rubbing herself as Sue watched intently.
"Does it feel good?" Sue inquired.
Cheryl sighed blissfully.
"Good." Sue replied.
She herself, was quite worked up at the moment. She had been stripped nude in front of at least one hundred people, and now she was watching a very attractive woman masturbate in front of her. It was all too much, and Sue reached down between her legs and began rubbing her own clit in time with Cheryl.
"You're very beautiful." Sue said; her nostrils flaring. "Your husband is an idiot for cheating on you. Your titties are gorgeous. I'd suck them, Cheryl."
"I'd like that!" Cheryl exclaimed. "I want another woman to suck on my titties. Oh, this feels so good! Would you suck my titties for me, Doctor? I'm going to cum. Please suck them for me, please."
Sue stood and approached her masturbating patient, continuing to rub herself at the same time. She knelt next to the woman and letting go of herself, took Cheryl's ample boobs in her hands, placed her lips around one of her nipples, and sucked vigorously.
"Oh yes!" Cheryl cried out. "Suck my titties! Oh yes! Oh yes!"
She squirmed and bucked, and her back arched up for a few seconds. She grunted hard, and then collapsed onto the couch. She lay there for a minute or so, trying to catch her breath. When she finally regained her composure, she looked up at her therapist.
"Thank you." she said with a smile. "That is exactly what I needed. I know now, that it is women who turn me on; not men."
"You're welcome." Sue replied, as she stood up. "It is my job to help you realize that, but you understand that this all stays within the confines of this office. If you do decide to become a lesbian, I cannot have any interactions with you outside of this office. What we just shared is between us is for this session only."
"But what if I have more questions or I need to talk with you about this again?" Cheryl wailed. "You're the only person I trust with my feelings. I feel so dirty."
"As your doctor, I can see you again." Sue replied. "We can talk about anything, and if I determine it is necessary to maintain our professional relationship, I can help you with whatever is bothering you, Cheryl. ANYTHING. Understand?"
"Yes." Cheryl replied. "Thank you so much! But what do I do now? My son has seen you nude, and now I want to be naked as well. What should I tell him?"
"The story of Adam and Eve." Sue replied coolly. "We were all brought onto this earth devoid of clothes. It's nothing to be afraid of. It's not icky or wrong. I didn't know that myself, until an hour ago, but now... I know we are meant to be free. You like it, don't you? C'mon; admit it. You love being nude, don't you?"
Cheryl nodded.
"I do." she confessed. "I feel so naughty, but it's a good naughty. I understand now. All of these laws forcing us to wear clothes are just so wrong."
"They are." Sue agreed, making some notes on the subject. "Do you now feel comfortable being nude in front of anyone and everyone?"
"I do." Cheryl confirmed. "I'm going to see that cheating husband of mine in court, and as God is my witness, he's going to see me for who I really am!"
"Being a nudist is a big step." Sue cautioned. "It becomes a way of life and it's easy to forget to put some clothes on to run up to the store or something. Please, just take it one step at a time, okay? I'm always here if you need to talk.
"I know you want to show your husband a thing or two, but keep in mind that coming out as both a nudist and lesbian at this point will hurt you in court, Cheryl. Keep it quiet if you want to retain custody of your son, okay?"
Cheryl nodded and smiled.
"I understand, and thank you." she replied. "I'm so sorry about all of those hateful and hurtful things I said to you earlier. I didn't mean them."
Sue smiled in a most professional manner.
"I know." she said in an understanding voice. "But you understand now. I look forward to our next appointment, Cheryl."
Cheryl smiled and stood.
"Me too." she replied. "And thank you."
The two women shook hands and Cheryl left the room. Sue returned to her desk to peruse through her schedule. Her next appointment was a patient she'd seen a few times before; a shy young man named Jimmy, who was having some real personal issues regarding women. Boy, was he in for a surprise this morning!
To help lessen the shock, Sue decided to remain seated behind her desk for a while, prior to revealing her new look to Jimmy. He entered the room and smiled shyly, before sitting on the couch.
"Good morning, Jimmy." Sue greeted him pleasantly.
"Umm, good morning, Dr. Taylor." he responded shyly.
"Oh, enough of that Dr. Taylor thing." Sue said casually. "I've got a new look today, thanks to one of my other patients, and I've decided to be a lot less professional from here on out. Please just call me Sue or Dr. Sue, okay? It'll be a lot more friendly."
"Okay." Jimmy replied. "What do you want me to talk about today?"
"Let's talk about sexuality. I know you're a little uncomfortable with the subject, but I think I have a wonderful way for you to loosen up. I'm quite confident that by the time this session is over, you'll feel a whole lot better about yourself, Jimmy."
"Okay." he responded, somewhat unsure of himself.
"So here's what happened to me this morning." Sue explained, attempting to make the shock of her nudity somewhat lessened. "One of my other patients attacked me in the parking lot, and ripped off all of clothes."
Jimmy's eyes widened.
"Really?! He asked with genuine concern. "Are you okay, Dr. Sue?"
"I am. It's just that, well... she stripped me nude, Jimmy. She tore them to shreds and I have no other clothes here at work, so I'm afraid I'm going to have to do our session nude. Is that okay?"
"Y-your naked?" he inquired, his voice quavering slightly.
"Yes." Sue replied. "Have you ever seen a woman undressed and completely nude before?"
Jimmy shook his head, and Sue stood up from behind her desk, revealing her unclothed body to the lad. His eyes nearly bugged out of his head, as he stared at Sue's ample breasts and brown bush.
"It's okay to look, Jimmy." Sue encouraged. "I don't mind. It's natural to be curious about women and what they look like without their clothes on."
She walked around the desk so that he could see her in all of her glory; totally nude except for her sexy red pumps, then sat on the edge of her desk.
"Do you feel aroused, seeing me like this?" Sue inquired. "Did it make your penis hard?"
He nodded without speaking, and Sue smiled gently.
"Good. That's natural too. You know what else is natural for a young man to do when his penis gets hard looking at porn or thinking about sex?"
He swallowed hard and nodded.
"Well," Sue said alluringly, "it's okay if you do it in front of me. I don't mind. In fact, I think it might help you to relax and feel more comfortable around women."
"You do?" Jimmy asked, his eyes still wide as saucers.
"Yes I do." Sue replied. "Go ahead and get undressed, Jimmy. You can pleasure yourself while we talk if you'd like. I like touching myself when I'm nude too, so maybe we could share it together."
"Okay."
He slowly removed his clothes and stared at his therapist when he was finished; his raging hard on poking out at her like a cop directing traffic. Sue began touching her clit and gently rubbing it, encouraging the poor guy to do the same.
"Does it feel good?" she inquired.
"Uh huh."
"Sit down and relax then." she continued soothingly.
He did as he was told and reclined against the back of the couch. Sue approached and sat next to him.
"Would you like to touch my breasts?" she asked softly, as he continued tugging on his cock. "They feel very different from anything else you've ever held in your hands before."
He reached out and gingerly brushed his left palm across her right breast as he continued jerking with his right hand. Sue's nipple stiffened reactively to the sensation and he gently squeezed her firm tit, savoring the feeling in his hand. As he felt more at ease and closer to ejaculation, he kneaded her boob harder, and leaned in to suck her left nipple. Sue let him, as breasts aren't sex organs and there was nothing truly sexual about what was going on. Jimmy's squeezing intensified, and he cried out slightly, as he reached orgasm. Sue felt something warm and wet hit her bare belly, and she knew he'd ejaculated on her. It wasn't on purpose, so it wasn't his fault. His squeezing lessened, and he let go of her nipple with his lips. He leaned back against the couch, panting heavily, and Sue smiled.
"Good Boy." she whispered soothingly. "Do you feel better now?"
"Yes." he whispered back. "Thank you."
"You're quite welcome." she replied with another smile. "Now that you're relaxed, why don't we try and work through your awkwardness with the ladies? In fact, I think that from here on out, I'll encourage all of my patients to do this before we start. It might require a double session, but if you're up for it, I certainly am. Something tells me I'll start getting pretty busy very soon. You WILL refer me to all of your friends now, won't you Jimmy?"
Sue handed him a box of tissues so he could clean himself up, and he nodded.
"You bet!" he said excitedly. "There's a ton of guys on campus just like me. Girls too. Can I send girls to you too?"
"Take some cards and hand them out to anyone you want." Sue replied cheerfully. "As long as they can afford my services, I'll be glad to help anyone with their problems. Now Jimmy, let's get down to business."
She listened to him gush his feelings out for almost thirty minutes, before it was time to end the session. He seemed disappointed it was over, but eager to return as soon as possible to pour his heart (and semen) out to her.
Once he was gone, Sue lay on the couch herself, placing one foot over the top of the couch and the other on the floor, and began rubbing her clit. This was her lunch break, and she was going to use at least part of it to release all the pent up sexual energy that was charging her body. She fell into a deep state of pleasure and relaxation as she continued masturbating to thoughts of what had happened earlier; particularly with Cheryl. She was surprised at herself for having been turned on by another woman like that. She sighed deeply, and it was at that moment that Daphne opened the door and walked in.
"Doctor Taylor, I- oh my god!" she burst out. "I'm so sorry. I didn't know! I didn't mean to-!"
"It's okay, Daphne." Sue interrupted. "I was just releasing some sexual tension, that's all. As long as you don't mind my continuing in front of you, what was it you needed?"
"I just wanted to let you know that your 1:00 o'clock canceled." Daphne replied, staring intently at her boss. "So you, umm, have plenty of time to finish up."
"Good." Sue sighed. "I'm so comfy right now."
"May I join you?" Daphne suddenly blurted out.
"Sure." her employer sighed ecstatically. "Go lock the front door and come on back."
Her receptionist left the room, and Sue slipped her pumps off, leaving her fully nude. When Daphne returned, she was already unbuttoning her own blouse, and was soon undressed and playing with herself. She joined Sue on the couch, and the two embraced tightly.
"How much time do we have?" Sue inquired.
"Almost ninety minutes." Daphne sighed, as her hands found Sue's tits. "We have plenty of time."
"Good." Sue replied, as her secretary's tongue darted around her labia. "I'm going to be conducting business in the nude from here on out. You're more than welcome to wear the same attire as me from here on out if you'd like. Oh shit, Daphne, I'm going to cum. Oh fuck, you're going to get a raise for this!"