Note: All characters are over the age of 18.
As I wake up and my eyes adjust to the morning brightness I turn over and see Sam still sleeping, facing me. Her sheet is covering only one leg of her lower half with the other leg sticking out. The top of her body is uncovered. She looks so beautiful and peaceful that I just lie there and watch her for a while. A few weeks ago we made the decision that my room is now our room. We have slept in the same bed almost every night since that first weekend with Molly. The Sunday after our restaurant adventure the three of us just hung out at the house all day while fooling around throughout. When Sunday night came Molly had to go and get some stuff done for her upcoming week. She left just as she came, completely naked. It was hot watching her walk out to her car like that, get in, and drive away after a long kiss goodbye for both Sam and I.
Since that first weekend together Molly has been sporadically coming over, always completely naked like the first time with no clothes in her car. It's pretty much the same thing of driving them around nude, walking around the neighborhood at night, fooling around with each other, repeat. When it's just Sam and I it's pretty much the same as well. We haven't gone anywhere public where others have seen us since the restaurant. When it's just us we are acting more and more like a couple. Sometimes we make love and sometimes we fuck like animals. Since the first time fucking her pussy I have only done that twice more. She prefers anal and I have been more than happy to please her however she wants. I do love the feeling of being in her pussy and it's a treat when it happens.
Sam wanted another challenge for herself so for the last week she hasn't orgasmed, touched her clit, or had me in her pussy. It's been strictly anal penetration/play and nothing else. I joined her on her mission and also haven't cum in a few days. I started with the same one week goal, but slipped up a few days ago. I will fuck her ass slowly until we're close, let her suck me clean, then stop and repeat until we can't take it anymore. Sometimes she will suck my dick for a little while watching TV and stop when I tell her to or she will grind on me with no penetration. Sometimes she will take me into her ass and just sit and watch TV with no movement instead of using a plug. It has been very difficult not orgasming over the last few days and it's getting harder and harder. I now understand how she said she felt with edging. I am always so horny and sensitive. Before this last week she was pretty much always covered in my cum. She even has me cum onto her food before she eats it sometimes.
As I watch her she starts moving and her eyes open slowly. She smiles at me. "Good morning," she says with a little raspiness in her voice and hair covering part of her face.
"Good morning, baby. How'd you sleep?"
"Great. I feel so good and comfortable right now. Were you watching me sleep?"
I lean in and give her a kiss. "Yes. You are so beautiful and looked so peaceful." After a few silent moments pass I ask "so tonight's the night huh?"
"Yup," she says with an even bigger smile as she starts to stretch.
"Did you think you would make it this long," I ask her.
"As more time went on I knew it would happen."
One month ago tonight was the last time that any article of clothing, jewelry, or anything at all other than her toys touched Sam's body. After our weekend with Molly she woke up the following Monday and just stayed naked as she didn't have any plans to do anything. That turned into another day, then another and before we knew it that next weekend came as she didn't ever leave the house except when we would go for a drive or a walk. When we ordered delivery for dinner she insisted on answering the door. That second weekend she told me how great she felt and how horny it was making her. She didn't want it to end. I asked her if she was getting bored of always doing the same things every day due to not being able to anywhere and she said no. It was that weekend she told me she wanted a new nudity goal, one full month. I've heard her on the phone over the last couple of weeks coming up with excuses to not hang with friends and wonder how long that can go on.
The Monday after Molly left I stopped on the way home from work and bought a new door knob with a key lock for the basement closet with her clothes in it. It was locked that night and hasn't been opened one time since. I wonder if it ever will be. I rented a small storage locker a good ways away from the house for the boxes of the rest of her clothes and stored them there. I constantly think to myself how crazy it is that my daughter has been completely naked for one month straight, but now I can't imagine her with clothes on. She's even had me store away her top bed sheet and only has one covering the mattress. Part of me hopes it stays this way the rest of our lives and we throw away every single piece of clothing in the basement and storage. I just don't think it's realistic.
"Excited for dinner tonight?"
"So excited," she replies.
I made arrangements with Miguel once more, this time for less money, with the understanding that it can all go to the workers and they can watch if they want. We're going back tonight to celebrate Sam's one month nakeaversary, just the two of us. What she doesn't know is that I have been working with Molly on a surprise for after dinner.
Sam slides over to cuddle with me, laying her head on my shoulder with her breasts touching my chest. I move the hair out of her face, tuck it behind her ear, and lightly stroke her hair as we talk. She is running her fingers lightly across my chest as well.
"So what do you want to do today before dinner?"
"I'm glad you asked," she replies. "I've been doing some research and found that there's a beach a few hours away that allows nudity, or at least the police look the other way or something like that. I wish I thought to look sooner, but was comfortable doing what we've been doing. Would you take me there?"
I think about it for a few seconds. I know she says it's a few hours away, but I am worried about running into someone we know. On the other hand what are the chances of running into someone we know that also wants to go to a nude beach, let alone at the same time on the same day?
"I'm kind of hesitant just in case someone we know sees us, but think I am ok with it. I figure what are the odds?"
"Really," she asks me with a big smile on her face.
"Yeah, sure. Let's do it. It's time for a change of scenery."
"I'm so excited! I can't wait to be around more people that want to be nude in public like me. Are you going to join me?"
"Is it one of those places where it's optional or is nudity required?"
"It said it's optional, but I would love it if you joined me."
"We'll see when we get there."
"Ok, but I'll get you naked."
"I don't doubt that you'll try. Are you going to invite Molly?"
"She's busy this afternoon, but even if she wasn't I want it to be just us."
"Alright. If it's a few hours away we should get moving."
After a shower, a quick breakfast, and cleaning the house it's almost eleven. During cleaning I notice Sam has her green jeweled plug in. She must want to show it off at the beach. We sit down and relax for a minutes.
"Well, I'm ready to go whenever you are," Sam tells me.
"Ok. I'll get our stuff ready and be down in a few."
I go upstairs and put on swim trunks and get together things like sunscreen, towels, etc for both of us and throw it all in a backpack. When I get downstairs Sam is waiting on the couch. At this point I don't even bother asking her about clothes anymore, or her bringing any with. If she wants to wear something she'll let me know, but since tonight is one month straight I know the answer. We're going to a nude beach anyways.
"Ready?"
"So ready," she exclaims as she stands.
I walk up to Sam, pull her close, and kiss her. She kisses me back and while making out I start to run my hands over her body as she moans.
"If you don't stop that we're not gonna make it out of here and I really do want to go."
"Ok. You just looked so beautiful that I had to."
"Hold it for later tonight."
We head out and I throw the backpack, some water bottles, and a frisbee into the back seat as Sam gets in the front passenger seat. She usually rides in the back due to the tints, especially during the day time.
"You sure you want to ride up front?"
"Yeah. We're higher up than most in this truck and I can lean back if needed. I just want to be up front with you. I don't care if anyone sees me, but don't want to get you in trouble."
As we make our way toward the beach Sam tells me she's thirsty. "Can we stop and grab a drink and maybe a snack?"
"Sure. Anything in mind?"
"You pick."
I decide on Wendy's as I kind of want a Frosty. As we go through the drive thru I don't even worry about Sam in the passenger seat. I pay at the window and the cashier was distracted and didn't notice her. When they hand us our food the guy does notice Sam and smiles, but doesn't say anything as Sam smiles back. We grab our food and head back on our way as we eat.
After an uneventful drive we arrive at the beach. You have to take some path for a while and it gets more isolated as you go further. After a few minutes we see a parking lot with people getting out of their cars in various states of undress. I see a beautiful topless woman with a great set of big tits wearing a g-string bottom. She may as well be naked. She's with what I assume is her husband or boyfriend. I see a few others fully dressed or topless. I don't see anyone completely naked like Sam.
We park and get out. I think this is the first time Sam has been in a public place around other strangers completely naked, other than the restaurant, and as she closes her door I see her look around and soak it in with a smile.
"This feels so great," she tells me.
"You look beautiful. You're glowing."
After she soaks it up for a bit more we grab our things from the back. "Daddy, can you do me a favor?"
"Sure, what?"
"If it's not too much can you carry everything? I want to walk the whole way without anything covering or touching my body."
"No problem. It's not that much." I grab the backpack and throw the frisbee and water thermoses in it.
We see some people start to make their way to a path in some trees and figure that must be the way so we follow them. As we are walking we come up near the topless lady we saw coming in and the man she is with. I can't help but stare at her perfect tits. The woman looks at Sam and smiles. "I won't tell, but complete nudity isn't allowed until you get down there."
"Oh. Sorry. I didn't know."
"No need to apologize. You are beautiful. I don't think anyone will mind."
"Thank you. You are beautiful as well. I actually came here like this and don't have anything to cover up with anyways."
"You drove here like that?"
"Yeah. I figured why not as I'm going to a nude beach."
"I wish I had the guts to do that." She extends her hand. "I'm Brooke."
"Sam," my daughter replies as she shakes Brooke's hand.
"This is my husband Nick," Brooke says.
"This is Jack," Sam replies, not explaining our relationship. She looks at me with a smirk after. I realize now that it's good that I look pretty young for my age so people won't think our age gap is too weird. Nick and I shake hands.
We make small talk on our walk down the path to the beach. "So where are you guys from," Brooke asks.
"A couple hours away," Sam replies. I assume she doesn't say our town just in case.
"You drove hours like that?"
"Yup. Wanna know a secret?"
Brooke nods.
"Today is the one month anniversary of the last time I wore any clothes. I have been as you see me now the whole time."
Brooke's mouth opens as her jaw drops. "Are you serious?"
"Yes. It started with a challenge to myself to stay completely naked for a week. That became two then three and here we are."
"Wow. That's amazing."
"Your boyfriend here must love it," Nick says.
"I definitely don't mind," I reply as we all share a laugh. Sam looks at me and mouths "boyfriend."
"So you really go about your day and do everything completely naked like that?"
"Yes."
"You don't even wear shoes?"
"Nope. I really love the feeling of the ground on my bare feet. It reminds me of how naked I am."
"What do you do when you go places?"
"Well, as you can probably imagine, I can't go many places. I'm more of a homebody and once in a while will walk around my neighborhood late at night when everyone is sleeping. We also take some drives, mostly at night, to get out of the house." She doesn't mention the restaurant.
"Wow, that's so amazing. I may have to try walking around outside naked at night."
"No objection from me," Nick replies as we all laugh again.
"It feels so great to be outside completely naked and walking through my neighborhood adds an element of excitement with the possibility of being seen."
"How often do you come here," Brooke asks.
"First time, actually."
"Really?"
"Yeah. I've enjoyed being naked at home a long time, but it's only recently that I started venturing outside and pushing the limits more. I wanted to be around other people that want to be naked in public." She fails to mention our sex in the park, her cum obsession, and showing off for delivery drivers and restaurant workers.
As we are walking Brooke stops for a few seconds to take of her bottoms and sandals and stick them in her bag then hands it to Nick. "You inspired me."
"Your body is so beautiful," Sam tells her.
"Thank you." Nick and I share a look and nod that silently says how much we like this.
After a few minutes we see the beach ahead. Most people are nude, some are topless, and some are fully dressed, maybe about to get naked soon. Sam has the biggest smile on her face as she takes it in. I lean over and kiss her. We all make our way to an empty area and set our things down.
"Mind if we hang out with you guys," Brooke asks.
"Not at all," Sam replies.
We unpack and lay out our towels. Sam lies down on her stomach and asks me to put sunscreen on her. I grab it and squirt over her body before massaging it in. I take my time massaging into her butt, making sure to spread her cheeks so her plug shows. I notice Brooke and Nick noticing the plug.
"Is that a butt plug," Brooke asks.
"Yup. I love the feeling and pretty much always have one in. I figured today would be great to maybe have some people see it."
"You are something else," Brooke says. She has no idea.
Sam turns over and I apply lotion to her whole front, really taking my time massaging her tits, pinching her nipples, and around her pussy without touching it. I hear her softly moan. Nick is also rubbing lotion into Brooke's tits as I watch. I notice her catch me watching as she smiles and doesn't say anything.
"You mind putting mine on," I ask Sam.
"Sure."
I surprise her by removing my trunks and getting naked before lying down on my stomach. She leans in to kiss me after saying "thank you."
Sam squirts it over my back side before rubbing it in. I turn over and she does the same, but strokes my dick with the lotion as it gets hard. I notice Brooke and Nick watching and am not worried about it. She doesn't do it long. I stay lying on my backside as Sam does the same next to me. We soak in the sun and lay there tanning for a bit next to Brooke and Nick doing the same.
"So how's the first visit to a nude beach going," Brooke asks Sam.
"It's better than I thought. It feels so great to not have to worry about being caught or getting in trouble and seeing all these other naked people just enjoying themselves. We'll have to do this a lot more."
"Want to hit the water," Brooke asks.
"Sure. Want to come with," she asks me.
"You go ahead. I'm gonna lie here and relax."
"I'm gonna do the same," Nick says.
The girls look at each other and stand up. "See you in a few."
They walk toward the water talking and giggling. Nick and I chat. We find that we live about an hour from each other. We watch our girls in the water splashing around before they get close and kiss. That was fast.
"Sorry," Nick says. "Brooke has that effect on people. We are swingers. I hope that didn't upset you."
"Quite the opposite, actually," I reply. "It turns me on to see her with other girls and we have a friend of hers that joins us regularly. I am happy with whatever she wants to do and however she wants to express herself. I help where I can."
"Phew. I thought it would make it awkward. Glad to hear it didn't."
The girls kiss again before we see them walking back toward us. They are glistening from the water and lotion being hit by the sun. It is quite the sight. I notice a lot of others looking at them as well.
"I see you guys had fun out there," I say.
"So you saw that huh," Sam asks.
"Sorry, I hope it doesn't upset you," Brooke says.
"Not at all," I reply. I'm happy if she's happy."
"Sounds like us," Brooke says to Nick.
After chatting for a bit we decide to walk around the beach together. Sam grabs my hand and I realize this is the first time we've held hands as adults. We all walk along the beach taking in the sight of naked people enjoying their day. After going into the water for a bit to cool off we return to our area and throw the frisbee around while learning more each other. Brooke is a teacher and Nick is a contractor. They come here as much as they can. They share that they are usually naked at home, but don't take it outside like Sam does. They also talk about being swingers and some clubs they go to. They invite us to go with them at some point. Sam looks at me and her face is asking me if I would be interested.
"Yeah, maybe we will take you up on that."
We talk a little more about Sam's naked walks and our situation with Molly, but don't mention too much more than that.
"How much longer do you plan on staying naked? Surely you're going to have to wear something at some point right," Brooke asks Sam.
"I know. I don't want to think about it, but if I need or want to go somewhere that requires clothes, I will suck it up. I haven't seen most of my friends in a while so it may be soon. I've just really enjoyed this last month. Part of me wants to just let them know I prefer to be naked and hope they accept it. If they do they can come hang out or maybe they will be cool with me going by them. I don't know. We'll see. I honestly wish I never had to wear clothes again the rest of my life, but don't see how that's realistic."
"You would seriously live the rest of your life like that?"
"If I could, and was able to do everything I wanted to do, absolutely. I have enjoyed this last month so much and realize it's what makes me feel comfortable and happy. Before this I didn't wear any bras or panties for a long time. I always wore as little as I could."
"Wow," Brooke replies.
"So how long have you guys been together," Nick asks us.
Sam looks at me then back at them. "We've known each other a long time, but we've only recently begun a relationship." Sam grabs my hand as she says that.
"How about you two," Sam asks them.
"We've been together almost four years, married for just over three," Brooke replies. "We met online and discovered we had a lot of the same interests. I'd walk around naked after we'd been together for a bit and learned he really loved it so it turned into us being naked a lot at home. We discovered this place last year and have been coming since." She leans over and kisses Nick.
After tossing the frisbee we sit back down on our towels to relax and soak in the sun and chat a little more. After a little tanning we all go for a dip in the water again and walk around the beach a little more. After a while Sam and I share to each other that we are tired.
"You ready to get out of here," I ask her.
"Yes and no," she says with a pouty face. "I wanna stay here forever, but don't want to get too burnt. Plus we have to get back and get ready for dinner. We'll come back soon right?"
"Anytime you want."
We stand up and I put my trunks on to Sam's dismay. I turn to Brooke and Nick. "It was very nice to meet both of you, but we're going to head back home. It was fun, but we're tired and a have a couple of hours of driving ahead of us."
They both stand up. Nick shakes my hand as Brooke hugs Sam.
"Great to meet both of you as well," Nick tells me. Sam walks up to Nick and hugs him, her tits pressing into his chest. It's the first time I've seen her naked touching another man, and it kind of turns me on. Brooke walks up to me and does the same. Her tits feel amazing against my chest. I get a little hard and my dick brushes her leg. She looks down and smiles.
"Hold on," Brooke says. She walks to her bag and grabs her phone. "I didn't get your info so we can plan on meeting up." Sam and Brooke exchange info. We pack up our stuff and say another short goodbye before heading back up the path back to the truck.
"Well, that was a fun day huh," I ask Sam as we walk back.
"The best! It was so amazing to be out here naked and around other people that weren't judging me. It was also so great to meet Brooke and Nick. I can't believe the first time here we met such cool like-minded people and that we all got along so well. Brooke told me she thinks you're hot and I told her Nick was as well. Maybe one of these days we can invite them over?"
"I'd be open to that. Brooke is very attractive and I have to admit, watching you hug Nick naked turned me on. Maybe it'll be fun to watch you fool around with him and I wouldn't mind fooling around with Brooke."
"I bet you wouldn't," Sam says with a chuckle. "So...it sounds like we're both open to sex with other people and with the other doing it as well."
"When this first started with Molly being involved right away I figured there might be a possibility of others joining down the road. And like I said, the thought of you with another guy turns me on."
"I'm glad to hear. I want what we have to last, and you'll always be the one I'm with at the end of the day, but I want to experiment and have fun. I'm very happy you are open as well."
"Maybe we can join them at one of their swinging clubs, too."
"I'd love that," she replies as she grabs my hand again and squeezes.
"Did you tell Brooke that you're my daughter?"
"No. I figure we can get to know them a little more and tell them before anything sexual happens to see if they are ok with it."
"Good idea."
As we walk back we see people heading to the beach walking past us on the trail. All of them look at Sam in her completely naked state and she doesn't care. Just before the parking lot we see a bathroom and each go.
After our bathroom stop and a little more walking we are back to the car. We put our stuff in the back and get in. I turn the AC on low. Sam looks absolutely stunning. Her perfectly tan skin is covered in oil and sweat, glistening from the sun coming through the windows. I lean over and kiss her. She returns my kiss and we make out for a bit. She climbs onto my lap in the driver's seat. She reaches behind herself, pulls her plug out, sucks it clean, and sets in in the cup holder.
"Are you sure? People are walking around."
"Yes. I'm so fucking horny and just want to feel you inside me."
"What if people see?"
"Then let them watch. I don't give a fuck."
I get as hard as I've probably ever been as I pull my trunks down to my ankles. Sam reaches behind herself, grabs my dick, and guides it to her ass. She sits down on it slowly. As it makes its way further and further we continue making out. She has both of her arms on my shoulders. I hear some guy yell "yeah buddy!" but we continue like no one is there. I don't even look to see if anyone is watching. Sam speeds up a little then slows down. We go like this for a couple of minutes.
"I have to stop," she tells me. "Can't cum until tonight."
"Whatever you want."
Sam sits up as my dick is pulled from her ass. She gets back into her seat then leans over to suck my dick and lick me clean before reinserting her plug. There isn't anyone near the truck anymore.
"Thank you, Daddy. That felt great. Although I'm hornier now than before."
"I can't wait until later to finish it."
"Me neither."
After pulling myself together we start the drive back home. We don't stop and make it home in a little over two hours. It's almost seven now and starting to get dark. We unpack the car as Sam doesn't even look around to see if anyone sees her. I don't see anyone as we head inside.
"Shower," she asks me.
"Yes."
After we shower we head downstairs to relax on the couch for a bit.
"I can't wait for dinner tonight," I tell her.
"Me neither. It'll be fun to be naked there again. I wish Molly was able to join again, though."
"I know. Me too, but I'm sure we'll see her soon." She doesn't know it will be a lot sooner than she thinks. After relaxing for a bit it's a little after 8pm so I go upstairs to get ready. I wear a similar outfit to last time. I hear Sam in her room as I finish up and stop at her doorway. She is doggystyle on her bed with her ass facing the door, inserting her big dildo plug. I don't say anything and watch as she sees me over her shoulder and smiles.
"Will you help me?"
"Sure." I Walk in and grab the plug that is about a third of the way in. I push slowly then take it out. I lean down to lick her hole as she moans. After a bit I stop and put the plug back in her and push again. I go slowly until it is fully inside. She sits up and kisses me.
"I feel full and it feels amazing, but I think I'll have to order a bigger one soon. I like watching a girl get two dicks in her ass at the same time and am interested in maybe trying that at some point. If so I'll have to learn to take more."
"You really think that would be pleasurable instead of painful?"
"I think so. I'd at least like to try to and see. We can start with you and a dildo."
"Start?"
"Well, you never know," she says coyly.
I think about that and don't think I'd want to have another man's dick touching mine, but won't completely rule it out right now.
I look at my watch and it's 8:20. "Ready?"
"Let me see," she says as she looks at her body. "Yup."
"Smart ass," I reply as she smiles and kisses me.
We leave her room and head downstairs, shut everything off, and leave. Sam joins me in the front again.
"I think I'll sit in the front from now on. If you ever want me to lean back and stay out of view just let me know."
After a 40 minute drive we reach the restaurant and park. I head inside to check in with Miguel. As I Walk in I see a table of a few people.
"Hello, Jack. Sorry, but we have this party running a little late and I am hoping they wrap up soon."
"No problem. We'll wait in the car and come in after they leave."
"Thank you for understanding."
"No problem at all. You're doing us a favor. We can wait. And you're sure the other thing we talked about is ok? I know it may be a little much, but Sam will really enjoy it. I will as well," I say with a smile.
"No problem, Jack. You have been more than generous and I'm sure my guys won't mind."
I head back to the truck and tell Sam. She gives me a pouty look.
"I know, but it shouldn't be long and they're doing us a favor."
"I know. I'm just really hungry."
"Me too."
We wait and after 10 minutes we see the door open and the people leave. After their car passes ours we wait until they are out of view and head inside. After we get in we see Miguel and Tony at the front desk. I shake their hands and Sam gives them each a hug.
"Great to see you again," Miguel says. "You are even more beautiful than I remember."
"Thank you, Miguel."
"Follow me," he says. We follow him to the same table in the middle. There is no table cloth again, but there is only one chair. This is one of the surprises I have for Sam. She notices and looks at me. I go and sit down on it then pat my lap.
"I would like to have you on my lap for dinner if that's ok with you."
She smiles and says "of course" before sitting down on my lap.
"Tony will be right back with your drinks and appetizers," Miguel says.
As he walks away Sam turns to face me. "This is a nice surprise. I hope it's not uncomfortable for you."
"Quite the opposite. I love you on my lap." I start to get hard. She grabs my dick over my pants and rubs.
"Take it out."
Her eyes go wide. "Really? Are you sure?"
"Yes."
She unzips and pulls it out easily as I am not wearing any underwear. "Please put your mouth on it."
She doesn't question me this time and does as I ask. She is on the side of my chair on her knees and begins to suck. As the kitchen door opens Sam hears and stops.
"Don't. Keep going."
She looks at me with such lust in her eyes as she lowers her head back to my lap and resumes. Miguel and Tony walk over with drinks and some bruschetta and caprese salad. They watch Sam suck my dick as they set them on the table. They don't even seem fazed and watch. Sam doesn't look up at them as she continues.
"We have the food cooking, same as last time per your request."
"Thank you very much. If this bothers you let us know and we'll stop." I asked him on the phone when arranging this if he would mind if we had sex and he said it was ok.
"Not at all. It's quite enjoyable to watch if you don't mind me saying."
"I don't. You are free to watch as much as you want. Same with everyone here."
They stand and watch for a minute before heading back to the front area.
"Ok baby, that's enough for now. Come sit and eat."
She sits up and gives me a long kiss before pulling back and looking me in the eyes. "That was so fucking hot. I am so horny right now."
She grabs my dick and starts to put it back in my pants. "What are you doing?"
"I was gonna sit back down to eat."
"My dick doesn't need to be in my pants for that. Plus, if it was, how could it be in your ass?"
"Really? Are you serious?"
"Yes. I want you to take your plug out, sit down with my dick in your ass, and eat dinner if that is ok with you."
"Oh my god. I think I might cum right now."
"Don't. Hold it. You are not allowed to until later tonight."
"Ok," she tells me. She reaches back and slowly pulls out her plug. I was prepared for this and have a big plastic bag in my pocket. After she licks it clean she hands it to me. I put it in the bag then in the inside pocket of my jacket. She stands in front of me facing away and lowers herself down. I guide myself into her ass and she is able to take me in one thrust due to the large plug loosening her up.
"Fuck, this feels amazing. You sure you're ok with them watching us?"
"Yes. I figured you'd enjoy it and it's actually really hot to me too." She turns her head and kisses me.
"I don't know if I want to eat. I just want to fuck your brains out," she tells me.
"There's plenty of time for that later. Let's eat. Just keep me inside of you and once in a while go up and down slowly."
Will you be able to stay hard for that long?"
"I took a Viagra on the way over."
"Viagra? You don't need that."
"I know, but I got some just in case it may come in handy at some point, like tonight. I should hopefully stay like this for a while."
As I say that she sits up then down a few times slowly before sitting back down fully on my lap and wiggling her butt back and forth.
"Well, I'm starving," she tells me as she gets us plates and puts food on each. She begins to eat as I lean forward and reach around her. Before I grab some food I grab and squeeze her tits before pinching both of her nipples hard. She lets out a moan. I then grab my food and we both eat. Every so often she will sit up and down slowly.
"You are so hard."
"I know. It feels so good."
"For me too. I can't believe you're fucking my ass in the middle of this restaurant."
As she finishes saying that Miguel and Tony come to check in. "How is everything?"
"Great," we both reply.
"Sam, why don't you tell them what happened since they walked away."
She turns around to look at me. I nod my head. She turns back to them and looks them right in their eyes. "His dick is currently inside of my ass right now and it feels amazing." She sits up and down as she moans, still looking them in their eyes.
"Holy shit," Tony replies. "Are you serious?"
"Come around and see for yourself," she says.
They both walk around next to us. I spin in my chair and tell Sam to lift her legs. I grab them and pull them up so her feet are in the air, giving Miguel and Tony an unobstructed view of me in her ass. I move in and out slowly as they watch. She continues looking at them as I slowly fuck her.
"Go tell the kitchen and ask if they would like to watch."
Miguel walks back to the kitchen and after less than a minute emerges with three more guys. They all stand next to each other watching us.
"Don't you even think about touching yourself," I whisper into her ear. She moans as I say it. This goes in for a couple of minutes before I let go of Sam's legs and she puts her feet back on the floor. They all look at each other and seem to be red in the face.
"Thank you for allowing us to do this," Sam tells them.
"No, thank you for letting us watch. It is very sexy," Miguel says.
Sam lifts herself off of me, gets on her knees, and takes me into her mouth to the amazement of all of them. I bet they didn't think they'd see a naked girl get fucked in her ass then go ass to mouth in person tonight. After licking me clean she resumes her position on my lap after guiding me back inside of her.
"Anything else for now?"
"No thank you, Miguel. We're good for now." They all walk away.
"What has gotten into you," Sam asks me.
"I don't know. I knew you'd enjoy that and I enjoy you enjoying things. Plus I'm kind of liking showing off myself. You're rubbing off on me."
"Glad to hear. I hope we can do many new things together."
A few minutes after we finish our appetizers the food comes out. Miguel and Tony set it all down and it looks amazing. They refill our wine and water as well.
"Is there anything we can get for you?"
"No thanks. This is perfect."
"Enjoy," Tony says as they walk away with our empty plates.
As we eat Sam sits up and down very slowly every few minutes as I stay hard the entire time. We finish our food and I tell Sam to stand up, but not let me out of her ass. She does as she's told. I gently push on her back and tell her to bend over the table and put her chest on it. She leans down and does. I start to slowly fuck her ass as Miguel and Tony watch from the front desk. I grab and pull her hair back hard so her she is looking directly at them. After a couple of minutes of pounding her ass I feel an orgasm coming so stop and pull out.
"Turn around."
Sam does so, squats down, and sucks my dick while looking up at me.
"You like that you dirty little slut? Tasting your ass off of my cock?"
She nods and says "mmm hmm" without taking my dick out of her mouth.
"You like these people watching you act like such a whore?"
She again nods.
"Good. I have one final task for you before we leave." I reach into my jacket and remove the bag with her plug. I fish it out and hand it to her. She stands up, takes it, and turns around to insert it.
"No. Bring it to Tony and ask him to put it in you."
She stares at me for a few seconds before beginning her walk over to them without saying a word. I see her reach them but can't hear them talking. Miguel and Tony look toward me and I give them a thumbs up. I see Sam hand the plug to Tony and get on the ground on her hands and knees with her ass facing him. He stares at her ass for a few seconds before asking her something. He then leans down and it looks like he's putting it in. After a few seconds she stands up and hugs both of them before walking back to our table.
"God, I loved that. Thank you."
"I'm glad you enjoyed it."
Sam sits back on my lap as Tony and Miguel come over. "Is there anything else we can get for you?"
"No thank you. We've kept you here long enough. We're full and all set. Thanks again for letting us do this."
"It is our pleasure. Anytime you want just let me know."
We stand up and Sam hugs them once more. I shake their hands and we leave. We get back to the truck and get inside. Sam looks at me.
"That was just...amazing. I hope we can do stuff like that more often."
"Me too," I reply. "Let's get back home and have some more fun."
After another 40 minute drive we pull into the driveway. We get out and go inside. Sam's last surprise for the evening is just a few minutes away now. I arranged it with Molly over the last week.
"I have to grab something from the basement. I'll be right back," I tell her. I get down there and everything I've planned is ready.
"Hey Sam," I yell.
"Yeah?"
"Will you come down here for a second?" I hear her walking then start coming down the stairs. As she reaches the bottom and turns she is taken aback and gasps. I am standing there with a completely naked Molly and joining us are 20 guys. I asked Molly to contact the people they had a gangbang with and ask them to do it again. I asked her to bring 20 guys over and not tell Sam as it's a surprise.
Sam stands, mouth agape, and looks at all of us.
"Surprise, baby. Ready for your second bukkake?"