After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
To Emily's great relief she spent most of Sunday in 4NR's apartment learning how to use the Vidlink and Datacore. Sure, she was still naked, and that felt weird even within the relative privacy of 4NR's apartment, but it gave her a chance to calm her nerves for what felt like the first time since she'd landed on this strange version of Earth. Monday came all too soon, and she was back out in public again, this time alone without 4NR at her side. It was her first day of deb training, and there was a new aspect to her humiliation. She was the only one naked! She felt out of place and conspicuous as she looked around the room at all of the other girls. It just felt so wrong, not unlike those nightmares where you find yourself naked at work or at school, except in this case there was no waking up from it.
She was still trying to get her head around the fact that she was consenting to all of this for the sake of her own vanity. Somehow giving up her dignity and self-respect was a better option than having people thinking less of her. She wondered how she ever got into this mess. She almost wished she had been one of the crew on this Earth's starship, which Collingwood felt certain had exploded in space.
The classroom held roughly forty very excited girls, all wearing the obligatory baggy tracksuits that most students on this Earth wore. Emily envied the clothing, as sexless and unbecoming as it was. She felt like she would give anything right now to be covered again, even for a minute.
The girls were all giggling and laughing while waiting on the teacher to arrive. They were almost as excited as the debs Emily had been with in the greenroom at Debutante. This truly was an exciting time for them. Whether they'd been brainwashed by a lifetime of conditioning was possibly another story…
There were plenty of sideways glances at her. Emily was glad she could at least be sitting down. Her breasts were still in full view but at least her more intimate areas weren't on display.
Thank God for small mercies…
A hush spread around the room as the teacher entered. Emily immediately recognised him as the same man who saw the debs off in the greenroom at Debutante.
"Good morning, debs," he began with a warm smile. "Welcome to our newcomers! If you do not already know, my name is Mr Chambers, and I will be taking you through your deb training. Over the next 4 weeks we will cover everything you need to know before you begin the next chapter of your lives as women. The units are split into four one-week blocks; Health and Beauty, Etiquette, Personal Economics and of course the Debutante ceremony itself."
The mention of Debutante triggered more than a little excitement in the class, forcing Mr Chambers to pause.
"Yes, I know you are all very excited. I am excited for you too! Ok, so each week we will tackle a different unit. At the end of each week some of you will go on to Debutante and the next group of girls about to come of age will step into their places as new debs. That means everyone gets to learn each of the four units before they go to Debutante. So, who is here for the first time?"
Eight or ten hands went up. Emily nervously raised hers as well.
"Oh, debs, you may have noticed we have a woman here as well. Many of you will recognise her from Friday's Debutante. Please welcome 7GQA9E, everyone."
Everyone clapped. Emily looked around at them all and smiled.
"7GQA9E had an unusual upbringing which meant she could not do her deb training before Debutante like the rest of you. 7GQA9E, if you could step up here and 'Present' to the class?"
Oh God! Really?
Emily tried her best to smile and act as if she was totally at ease with it as she stepped up to the front of the room and placed her feet a little wider than shoulder-width with her hands behind her back. She wasn't at all at ease with it, though. To begin with, it wasn't a completely natural pose. Wearing heels and her legs spread so far apart meant that she had to keep her ankles straight, so her knees were slightly bent and forced further apart than they otherwise might have been. Most of all, she wasn't comfortable in the slightest to be displaying her body like this to a room full of people. It was no consolation for her that apart from the teacher they were all girls, so they weren't seeing anything they hadn't seen before on their own bodies, or even on any street in this place. However, this wasn't just some random woman's body being displayed. It was her body, and the position wasn't leaving anything about her anatomy a mystery. She didn't even have pubes now. She could feel herself reddening as she tried not to think of the spectacle she was making.
"Ok, debs, this is what a woman looks like. What do we notice about her?"
"She is revealed!" came the response from almost all of them.
"That is right. No clothes," he confirmed. "At Debutante you will be revealed in all of your glory for the first time and so it will be from that time on."
To Emily's shock they all started clapping and cheering. She couldn't believe they could be looking forward to something like that with anything other than complete horror. When she was their age, she would have been beyond mortified at the idea, and now that it was her current reality, she didn't feel any less about it.
"And what else do we notice?" he continued.
One girl put her hand up.
"No hairs around her sex?"
Great… Now everyone's looking straight at my vag. The ones down the back are even standing up for a better look.
"That is correct," Mr Chambers confirmed. "You will learn how to tend to your appearance in Health and Beauty week. Is there anything else?"
"Collar!" came the universal reply.
"That is correct. A woman's collar identifies her, but it also serves another purpose. This week we cover Personal Economics, and you will learn how to use your ID and collar to obtain everything you need. That includes food and transport, shoes, personal effects like hair and beauty products, and any other expenses you may have in your new lives as women. Ok, you may take your seat again, 7GQA9E."
She didn't need to be told that twice. Everyone clapped as Emily sat down again.
"Um… 7GQA9E. I notice that you sit in a manner unbecoming for a woman," he pointed out as she sat back down. "Your legs should be opened far wider than that."
Oh God, I have to sit with my legs open?
"Er… how's this?" she asked as she parted her legs well beyond the limits that her modesty would normally allow, while trying her best to appear that she wasn't restrained by any modesty at all.
"A little more perhaps?"
She had to scooch forward to the front of her chair to get any wider but at last he seemed satisfied.
"Yes, that is correct now," he acknowledged with a friendly smile before turning back to the class.
Emily understood by his tone and manner that he bore her no malice in asking her to sit like this. It wasn't an attempt to humiliate or debase her, or even something for his own benefit. He was just doing his job - teaching her. Apparently, this was how a woman was supposed to sit when in a man's presence.
Good grief! He can see everything now, and he certainly isn't trying to hide the fact that he is looking. But again, in this place he'd probably be insulting me if he didn't look. This world is so back to front and upside down. It's going to take a lot of effort to undo years of conditioning to remember to sit like this from now on…
The rest of the morning passed quickly. Most of the girls seemed to find the subject a little dull. For Emily though, it was vital, and she listened intently to every word. She didn't grow up there, and while there were a lot of similarities to her own world, there were many other things she needed to know to survive in it, beyond just learning to cope with the nudity and being a sperm receptacle.
From chatting to her classmates during the lunch break, she learned that the girls had spent most of their lives in boarding houses here on the school grounds. The boarding houses were tended by "mothers" who helped prepare their meals, dress them for school, assist them with homework and read them bedtime stories. All of the things that mothers did on her Earth, with the exception that these weren't their own children. Boys were raised in a similar way at another school. Of interest was that boys' surnames were chosen based on their boarding houses, or just at random. That names like McAlister and Collingwood would match their Earth 1 doppelgangers surely went beyond coincidence. It caused Emily to consider if there might just be a higher power at play in the universe. Or maybe it was just a natural law, like if you started out with similar enough conditions, then everything balanced out much the same. The girls' surprisingly extensive education officially finished at the end of the year they turned 18. In the following year they passed the time with optional further studies, sports, art classes and music, until four weeks before their 19th birthdays when they began their deb training.
After Debutante, the girls moved into small rooms at the women's quarters, just large enough for a bed and a desk for a Vidlink. Bathrooms were communal, but there were no kitchens or dining rooms, hence the number of restaurants. Most of the buildings at the women's quarters were set up this way, and Emily assumed that she would be assigned her own room in one of these in due course. Apartments with two or more rooms like 4NR's were only available to a select few who needed them.
The afternoon passed much the same as the morning until it was time to go home.
"Ok, girls. That is it for today. Tomorrow we will look at how to apply for financing for any larger items that you might require. I will see you then," Mr Chambers farewelled the class. "7GQA9E, if you could 'Present' near my desk and face the class as they leave?"
Uh oh.
Emily did as he requested as the girls filed passed her while looking her up and down with smiles. They obviously knew what was about to happen. Finally, the last one had left.
"7GQA9E, kindly 'Kneel' and 'Open'."
A blow job then. Well, it could be worse.
Obviously looking at her naked body and spread legs all day had whetted his appetite. He was well into his fifties though, which Emily found kind of gross. It brought to mind the older man who had fucked her doggy style in the street on Saturday. Older men had it made on this world. They could have any pretty young woman they liked, any time they liked, and she would never refuse him.
She got down onto her knees with her hands behind her back and then opened her mouth. Sure enough, he opened his pants and presented his penis right in front of her face. It was flaccid, but she leaned forward and took it into her mouth. It didn't escape her this time that it was still her choice to do it, even though back on Earth 1 there was no way she would have ever consented to doing this.
He smelled clean and vaguely of talc. She felt him harden slowly in her mouth, and she made an effort to move her head back and forth, taking him deep into her throat and back out again each time. He seemed to respond well to that. After just a few minutes she felt him harden even more, just before his warm, sticky semen hit the back of her tongue. Then he pulled away and did his pants up, leaving her kneeling in front of him trying to swallow the vile tasting mess without gagging. Still, she was surprisingly aroused by the experience. What was that all about?
"Thank you, 7GQA9E. You are a very beautiful woman," he complemented.
"Thank you, kind sir," Emily responded, remembering 4NR's instruction. She wiped an errant droplet of semen from her lips with one hand before returning it behind her back, resuming the proper 'Kneel' position until requested otherwise. At least, that's what she assumed was expected of her.
"So, are you enjoying your womanhood thus far?" he continued. "It must be good to be finally displayed after such a belated beginning?"
"Um… kind of," Emily lied. She sensed questions were about to be asked about her origins so she decided to stick with the 'raised off-grid' explanation which everyone believed to be the case, but she also needed a better understanding of this place so revealing a little bit of the truth might also prove useful. "Where I was raised, the women wore clothing, so this is all very new to me. I think I'm adjusting, though."
"That is good. So, you were not outraged that you were not able to be revealed once you came of age?"
"Uh… not really. Where I was raised it was normal. I didn't even know about the real world until a few days ago."
That's if you can call this a real world and not a misogynist's wet dream.
"Normal? How can that be?" he asked with some surprise. "I cannot imagine a woman feeling normal in such a state. Just what kind of place were you raised in? I think it should be reported to the authorities. Those poor women!"
"Um… it's not there anymore," Emily replied while trying to think fast. A lie wasn't a good lie if it could be exposed as one. "I wandered away from the group and got lost while we were on the move, and then I was found at the space port while I was trying to find them again. I still have no idea what happened to them."
"Oh, thank goodness for that," he replied with relief. "At least one woman was spared from it. You were very lucky for it to be you, 7GQA9E."
"Yes, thank goodness for that," Emily agreed, hoping he didn't detect any sarcasm in her tone.
"Anyway, if you have any difficulties that I may be able to help you with, please do not hesitate to ask," he assured her with a gentle smile. "I am always around here somewhere."
"Thank you, Mr Chambers. You are very kind."
"Please, you are a grown woman now. When the debs are not around, please call me Tom."
"No problems. Thank you, Tom," Emily replied with a smile.
It didn't escape Emily's attention that this man appeared to be genuinely lovely, while only moments before he had used her mouth to get off. Anyone from Earth 1 observing their conversation now would never have guessed something like that had just happened. If she couldn't still taste his semen in her mouth, and wasn't kneeling here naked in front of him, she might even believe that too. This planet was so insane. A sex act was just that and nothing more. It didn't mean anything to anyone either before or after it was done, and it didn't seem to have any bearing on whether the person was nice or not so nice, old or young, or alone like they were now or in front of a crowd in a public place. They just went ahead and did it. No questions asked. Men gave the commands. Women obeyed them. That was that.
The blowjobs after class became a pattern for the rest of the week. Apart from that, she was able to avoid attention from other men. The girls' school was only a short walk from the women's quarters so there were few men in the vicinity. That was at least some load off her mind, and Mr Chambers was such a lovely old guy she almost didn't mind obliging him. Almost. Having to be naked constantly, wearing a collar and obeying commands from him like she was some kind of trained animal was still completely abhorrent, as well as being a constant source of self-contempt for her after the realisation that she had the choice about going along with it all along, and she still did.
While she understood her nature well enough to know that she would continue to choose it rather than allow herself to become a pariah here, she was still a long way from accepting any of it. If anything, by Friday she felt even more naked than she had in the beginning. She had been totally nude for over a week, and the need to be covered again had been replaced by a sad yearning not unlike homesickness. Her skin felt over-exposed somehow. She felt like she was dirty all of the time, even straight after a shower. She felt constantly vulnerable, unprotected, powerless, frightened, and so very, very naked. The memory of all the men who had both seen her and used her for sex hadn't been forgotten either.
*****
The next week they covered the Debutante ceremony itself. Mr Chambers opened the class on Monday with much the same intro for the benefit of the new debs, including having Emily 'Present' to the class again while summarising the symbols of womanhood - her nudity, the lack of pubic hair and her collar. She hadn't expected to have to do that again, and once again was completely mortified by it. Later on, when they were alone in their customary post-blowjob chat, he explained that it was so unusual for a grown woman to be in the class that it warranted an explanation for the sake of the new debs. Emily had to pretend that it was perfectly normal for a woman to stand out front of a classroom totally naked, and that she didn't have the slightest issue with that woman being her. The truth was far from that, though.
Having already experienced Debutante, Emily found the week's classes a bit slow for her. That was until Friday just after lunch when Mr Chambers started summarising the week.
"Ok, debs,' he began, and then paused until they all quietened. "This week you have learned everything you need to know about Debutante, but I am sure most of you would have picked it up from watching the vids every Friday night anyway. The main points were - Number 1. Anyone?"
"The line up!" came the response.
"That is correct," he responded. "It is very important to keep your position in the line when you are led out on stage. Number 2 anyone?
"The dress!" they all replied.
"That is correct. It is the last time you will be clothed so try to be patient and enjoy it. Your time will come soon enough. Remember to be careful with it so it does not come apart prior to the reveal. Then once you are called upon to reveal yourself, pull hard on the neckline and cast it away. Number 3?
"The collar!"
"Yes, the collar. You will receive your adult names and the ability to buy the things you will need as women at that moment. Number 4?"
"The commands!"
"That is correct. The commands," he replied. "After your reveal and receiving your collar, you will proceed down the runway and mount the podium. Once there, you will be called upon to follow two specific commands. Those of you who have already done Etiquette week already will know these well because you have been practising them every night, have you not?"
"Yes, Mr Chambers."
"For those who have not done Etiquette yet, I think it would be beneficial to have 7GQA9E demonstrate the commands for us since she is here with us. Seeing them done by a woman will be so much better than the diagrams we saw earlier in the week. 7GQA9E, if you could stand on the table up here and 'Present' to the class once again."
Emily couldn't really back down at that point, so she did as she was asked and tried to smile at the same time as Mr Chambers helped her up onto the table. It was bad enough to be up there in front of everyone like that, but she was dreading more what he was about to ask her to do next. She couldn't believe he would have her do that in front of a classroom, like it was a normal thing to show to a class! Still, this wasn't Earth 1, and they did things a little differently here, to say the least.
"The first command you will be given, as we know, debs, is 'Sit'. 7GQA9E, 'Sit'."
Emily felt disgusted with herself to be seen obeying a command from a man to 'sit' like she was an obedient little puppy, let alone displaying herself like that in front of a room full of people, even if they were all girls. She knew full well that it was the only choice she could make though, so she squatted down on her heels with her knees wide open and meshed her fingers together behind her neck, keeping her elbows out wide. However, as humiliating as this one was, she knew that the second command was far more vulgar. She wished and hoped that he wouldn't actually ask that of her in front of the class as well. Surely that was going too far?
"Notice that the width of her knees and the angle of her legs causes her sex to be parted, debs? Notice also how she keeps her back straight, and the position of her arms causes her breasts to be uplifted in a pleasing manner? It is a truly beautiful pose for a woman to be displayed in, and it is sure to stimulate arousal in a man. But it is also the most difficult of the commands to master and will need lots of practise. Ok, let us all have a turn now. Everyone please put your deb shoes on and try performing it at your desks. Keep a hand on your desk if you find it difficult to keep balance at first. 7GQA9E, if you are comfortable enough, could you hold there a while longer?"
Emily nodded her agreement, even though this couldn't be over with fast enough for her. When he had pointed out the state of her breasts and genitals it drew even more attention to them, which made the pose she was holding up here on the table all the more humiliating.
"Mr Chambers, may we try this revealed as well?" one girl asked.
"No, you may not," he replied sternly. "You may do so in your own time and space, but not here. Womanhood will come soon enough for you. For now, you must learn the commands and practise them in clothing so that you are proficient when that time comes."
The girl pouted in response.
WTF? Did they put something in their cereal here or something?
That they could be so eager to get their clothes off in front of a male teacher and a room full of their peers astonished Emily. Any girl on Earth 1 would be appalled at the idea, or any of this.
She watched as the girls practised the 'Sit' position around the room. The combination of baggy track suits and high heels was kind of bizarre, and more than once one of the debs fell onto her backside laughing in the attempt. Finally, they all seemed to have it.
"Ok, please take your seats again, debs. The second command you will be given is 'Display". 7GQA9E, if you could 'Display' now for the class please?"
So much for wishing.
Knowing this was just better over and done with, she stood back up, turned around and bent over. Then, forcing herself not to think about it, reached back with both hands and spread her buttocks.
"Debs, notice how this opens a woman's sex and her rear coupling area to the fullest? Few men could resist the beauty shown here. It is almost a sure way to gain his arousal and the blessing of his seed."
Emily tried not to listen. She didn't want to think about what she was doing, and having it described out loud in detail wasn't helping in the slightest.
"Mr Chambers, is 7GQA9E aroused?" a girl near the front asked.
"It is quite natural for a woman to become aroused when performing the commands," Mr Chambers replied matter-of-factly as he walked up closer to Emily and bent in for a closer look while putting on his reading glasses. "Let me see. Yes, you are correct, Alison. There are signs of arousal present within 7GQA9E's sex. Please tell us how you are feeling, 7GQA9E?"
Emily wanted to scream that it didn't feel good at all to be getting wet in front of a classroom while holding her cunt open! It was involuntary for fuck's sake! Caused by the adrenaline brought on by the flight or fight response to extreme stress! And in this position without a stitch on it was impossible to hide it from eyes that had no business seeing it!
Instead, she had to try to imagine what an Earth 2 woman might say.
"Um… it feels warm and tingly," she tried. "It's hard to describe, but it feels… nice."
"See, debs," Mr Chambers went on. "There is pleasure for a woman in the commands, but here you must be careful. Sometimes a man's arousal may be quashed if a woman is too eager to couple. It is important for a man to offer himself, rather than thrust yourself upon him."
So, consent is only an issue here if it's a man giving it, and their egos are too fragile to handle the idea of a horny woman?
"Thank you, 7GQA9E. You may be seated again."
Emily gratefully let her bum cheeks back together again and returned to her chair, hoping the indignation and embarrassment that she was feeling wasn't obvious on her face.
"Debs, following these commands you will be blessed and told to go forth and multiply. You will then proceed to the back of the stage and locate your escort who will take you to your first coupling. He will give you two further commands. The first is 'Present' which you have seen 7GQA9E perform already. This will then be followed by the 'Come' command, which is as obvious as it sounds. You merely follow him while keeping your hands behind your back. He will take you to the bedchamber where you will officially become women in the final part of the ceremony. Are there any further questions?"
A hand went up.
"Mr Chambers, we have covered the 5-way coupling, and those of us who have done Health & Beauty have been practising the coupling techniques with our artificial phalluses, but perhaps 7GQA9E can share some insights on her experience?"
"I actually have a treat for you, debs," Mr Chambers replied. "I have the Datacore vid of 7GQA9E's Debutante, which I was planning to show you now. Can someone dim the lights?"
Oh, hell no!
Mr Chambers walked up to a table in the centre of the room and placed a device not unlike a mobile phone on it. Moments later, Emily was completely aghast to see the wall light up like a huge high-definition screen. She then watched herself walking up to the front of the stage at Debutante and tearing off her deb dress. OMG, there was a camera pointing straight up at her crotch getting a close-up of that moment! Then she saw herself receiving the damned collar before making her way down the runway completely nude in front of a crowd of thousands. She was actually smiling and swinging her hips! She wasn't sure that she had remembered to smile at all, let alone walk like that. It must have been that fucking pill 4NR gave her. Moments later she was up on the podium in the 'Sit' position and there was a camera right under her at that moment too! Then the 'Display' position, as if 'Sit' wasn't graphic enough already! OMG, she was much wetter than she thought she had been. There was a whitish substance visible inside her pussy lips which she didn't even know she produced until now. How utterly humiliating! Her eyes were frozen onto the images playing out in front of her. It was like watching a car crash. As horrible as it was to see, it was impossible to look away. She could only watch with her mouth agape, and all the while she knew the whole class was watching this with her, and it was on the Internet!
It got much worse as she was led into the bedchamber. She saw herself eagerly mount her escort lying on his back before the others took their positions. There was a close-up of her sphincter being penetrated, and then the two penises working in her pussy and bottom at the same time. There was a close-up of her face as she enthusiastically deep-throated the man in front of her. She saw herself at the moment she gagged, which caused her mascara to run as tears ran down her face. Another close-up of her face as she orgasmed, still with the penis in her mouth. There were close-ups of each of her hands wanking the two men in them. Finally, there were close-ups of her face again as semen splashed onto it and into her hair. This wasn't just the TV edit that streamed live. It was the whole event in detail from different angles from start to finish! This was pure pornography, and she was the star!
Then there was the interview with Jeff straight afterwards while she had semen all over her face. Finally, it ended and the whole class started clapping as someone turned the lights back up.
Oh… my… God…
"Good for you, 7GQA9E!"
"I hope my Debutante is just like yours!"
"You are an excellent coupler."
"Welcome to womanhood, 7GQA9E!"
Emily was in too much shock to smile or thank them for the "compliments". She could only continue staring at the blank wall where the video had just been playing. Finally, by sheer force of will she was able to snap out of it and smile back at the girls behind her, realising she had to keep up appearances no matter how she really felt about what she just saw.
Somehow, she still had to give Mr Chambers his daily blowjob before she could go home. Somehow, she got through it.
*****
On Monday of the next week, Mr Chambers opened with his usual introduction for the sake of the new debs by having Emily 'Present' to the class, and then used her as a model to point out the attributes of 'a woman'. She was glad at least this time that the marks on her bottom from the caning had mostly faded. It was still awful to be totally exposed, and the focus of fortyish pairs of eyes at once.
This time he used her hairless pussy as a lead-in to the topic of the week - Health and Beauty.
"So, this week you will learn how to look after your body both in appearance and health," he began. "The topics will include diet and exercise, monitoring your weight, grooming, skin and hair care, how to couple during menstruation and how to present yourself during those times, preparing and looking after your various coupling areas, caring for your skin and muscle tone when you are with child, and of course what to do during cold weather."
Cold weather? Emily hadn't thought of that until now. Just how do you keep warm if you can't put on a coat?
"The first subject we will look at is grooming. As you all so rightly pointed out, 7GQA9E does not have hair around her sex. The reason for that is because a woman should be revealed in all of her glory, and that includes her sex. It is a very important detail when it comes to gaining a man's arousal so that he offers himself to you. So where did 7GQA9E's hair go? Did it magically disappear just before Debutante? Did she ever have any? Or did something else happen?"
"She shaved it!" most of the class responded.
"That is right. 7GQA9E shaved it, and she almost certainly continues to shave it on a daily basis. Is that not correct?" he asked, turning to Emily.
Emily nodded and tried to smile like it was something she wanted to do every morning, not a ridiculous chore she found no pride or joy in at all. Having a shaved pussy just added to the humiliation of being nude as far as she was concerned.
"Well, I am sure 7GQA9E would not mind shaving it again for us today. Normally we would show a vid for you debs, but with 7GQA9E here we can gain her personal experience and guidance as she takes us through it. 7GQA9E, you will find warm water, a towel, bowl, lather, and blades in the teachers' staff room. Kindly fetch them for us."
Fucking what? He wants me to shave my pussy in front of everyone? He can't be serious?
She looked up at his face and saw him waiting patiently for her to react and fetch the items. He was serious! Emily wanted to scream. Nevertheless, she fetched the items and returned to find a chair had been set up out the front of the class. She guessed she was doing this, like it or not.
"7GQA9E, if you could start with your armpits and discuss what you are doing and why. Then move on to legs and then your sex. Debs, please come in a little closer."
Emily was horrified that the class had formed a circle closely around her. Some sitting on the floor would be looking straight between her legs when that time came. Still, there was perhaps a little solace that her experience would be useful for some of them since this would all too soon be a part of their daily lives as well.
She lifted up one arm and applied some lather to the pit.
"Um… ok. I usually do this in the shower," she began. "The warm water softens the skin so it's less likely to become irritated. Um… I find I can go in both directions, but your mileage may vary."
"Excuse me, 7GQA9E," Mr Chamber interrupted. "But what is 'mileage'."
"Oh…err. It's a common expression where I come from," Emily replied. "It means your experience may vary. Some girls may find one direction is less irritable to her skin than another, or one is easier to perform than the other."
"Oh ok, thank you."
Emily finished the other pit and then lathered up one of her legs.
"Um… once again. Most people do this in an upwards direction, but for your first time you may want to go downwards to begin with."
Now it was time for the part she had been dreading. There was no way to avoid spreading her legs in front of everyone and performing this very personal task, which even when alone she found humiliating because she wasn't doing it for herself. She was doing it so men could ogle her female bits more easily. It was to show her most personal of body parts, which should be kept private in any sane world. It was the last tatter of dignity taken away. If you could keep anything at all to yourself, surely it should start with your genitals? It was only the very beginning of anything even remotely resembling a sliver of privacy, yet in this place even that was denied to her. Shaving everything while not being allowed any clothing meant being utterly and completely exposed all of the time. That was obviously what they wanted, though. It was expected, demanded. There was no choice given about it. A woman's body wasn't her own here and they wanted her to know and remember that at all times.
At least that's how it felt to her. In this place, though, every woman didn't just seem toactlike they wanted it, they genuinely did seem to want it. Perhaps it was like those backward countries on Earth 1 that still practiced genital mutilation. Usually, it was the women carrying on the tradition more than men. "If I went through it, then my daughter should too. How will she attract a husband otherwise?" At least people didn't practice that in this place. Perhaps Collingwood was right when he said it could be a lot worse...
There was nothing else for it but to begin, especially in this setting with a room full of people expecting it of her. To run out of the room now would invite bewilderment and confusion. She could just picture it in her mind - "What is wrong with her? How can she have a problem with everyone seeing her revealed body? Is it not a woman's honour to be revealed? It is her glory. How could she feel shame at the body she has been given?"
Which would then more than likely be followed up by another meeting with the rattan. Pain on top of the humiliation of becoming a social outcast…
Emily took a deep breath, spread her legs, and started lathering up her pubic area.
"Now the first time you do this, you'll want to only do a small area at a time with short and gentle strokes like this," she began while demonstrating the action. "Once again, your experience with the direction will vary. Downwards will be less irritating later, but upwards gives a smoother result. The first few weeks you may want to only go downwards until your skin becomes used to it. When you get to the more tender areas, you'll want to stretch the skin out like this to get at it, and also so you don't accidentally nick yourself. To get around the back, around your ars… err… rear coupling area, you may find it easier to stand up. Afterwards, apply a lotion to moisturise the skin. Shaving has a drying effect which will cause irritation and redness for many of you, particularly in the beginning."
At last, the humiliating task was done, and she used the towel to remove any remaining lather and water.
"Thank you, 7GQA9E. That was most helpful," Mr Chambers praised as Emily took the items back to the staff room and then returned to her seat, remembering to spread her legs wide, as apparently all good women did when a man was watching.
It wasn't over, though. After lunch Mr Chambers again addressed the class.
"Ok, debs, as you all know, and I am sure you are all looking forward to it, a woman's gift and honour is not just in being revealed, but in coupling. There are four coupling methods: oral coupling, vaginal coupling, rear coupling, and hand coupling. You will be expected to be proficient in all before Debutante, and some will take some practise. I have here a box of artificial phalluses. 7GQA9E, if you could pass them out?"
Emily took the box and went around to everyone to take one before resuming her seat.
"Thank you, 7GQA9E," he continued. "Now, you can all take them out of their wrappers. 7GQA9E, if you could 'Present' for the class again. Bring your phallus with you."
Uh oh. This isn't looking good...
"The first technique is oral coupling," Mr Chambers explained. "This one takes the most practise of all. You will need to open your throats up, and the sensation of a phallus entering your throat may cause some gagging at first, but it begins to feel more natural with practise. 7GQA9E, if you could demonstrate?"
Oh God! He expects me to deep-throat a dildo in front of the whole class? The look on his face says he's serious! Sheesh… Ok, whatever…
She tilted her head back and took the pink dildo into her mouth before pushing its full length down into her throat and pulling it out again.
Surely that's enough for a demonstration?
"Thank you, 7GQA9E. Now everyone, give it a try."
Moments later the room was filled with choking and gagging sounds, followed by occasional excited cries of "I did it! I didn't gag that time!"
"Ok, debs, we will leave it there for now," Mr Chambers decided after about five minutes. "This one you will need to practise daily, especially for you debs going to Debutante this Friday. Alright, moving on. 7GQA9E, if you could 'Display' for us?"
Oh God no! This can't actually be happening, can it? Then again, what haven't I done already in this fucked up world?
Resigning herself to her fate, she turned around, bent over, and spread her bottom as the teacher continued his commentary.
"So, you see here that both her rear coupling area and her sex are open and clearly visible, hence the reason it is called 'Display'. A man will find this view extremely inviting and many will offer themselves to couple in either one or the other places at this time. The anticipation will often cause arousal in a woman as we saw in 7GQA9E last week. This arousal will make penetration of her sex more pleasant, but if a man encounters resistance from a woman's body, he will apply a lubricant to himself, or to her, to facilitate the coupling. Ok, you may resume your seat 7GQA9E. Are there any questions?"
I don't have to do a dildo show for the class after all?
That was unexpected but she wasn't going to complain about it, so she quickly sat back down before he changed his mind.
One girl put her hand up.
"Mr Chambers, may we practise these couplings now?"
"No, you may not," he replied. "Womanhood will come soon enough for you. However, you must be prepared. I want all of you to practise all of the couplings in your own time and space every night using the phalluses you have been given. The rear coupling in particular may be a little uncomfortable at first if you have not experienced it before, but you will need to be ready for it by Debutante. Any other questions?"
"What about hand coupling?"
"Ahh, good question. I was about to get to that," he smiled. "Hand coupling is a special skill that improves with experience. It is not called upon often, yet still must be learned. I have a vid for you showing the techniques."
Moments later a video played on the wall showing a female hand jacking off a very erect penis. The video would freeze from time and annotations appeared to describe the technique being employed. Emily marvelled that you could show this video to anyone in polite company. Here though, it was apparently part of a woman's education to teach her how to properly perform a hand job before you sent her out into the world.
The next few days passed without any more humiliation, other than still being nude constantly of course, which Emily was more self-conscious about than usual since she was the only one in that condition here. It was such a strange feeling. All around the room were girls in their tracksuits, and the teacher in his casual suit, while amongst them all was a solitary woman without a stitch on apart from high-heeled shoes. It felt so very wrong. Conspicuous. Exposed. Alone. Somehow dirty. On Earth 1 she would have been arrested for indecent exposure. Here, it was required. It was the law, even in this classroom setting where everyone else had clothes on.
While many of the debs would have been more than eager to join Emily in her nudity, Mr Chambers wouldn't allow it until they became 'women'. Some of the topics were interesting, though. She learned that winters in the city were very mild, but they still had cold spells which could last several weeks. During these times the women would stay indoors, and men would use the Datacore to seek them out for any 'coupling'. It was the only time men would ever be seen on the grounds inside the women's quarters, and they were only there by invitation. The restaurants delivered food trays to the women's buildings where carpet picnics became the norm for the duration.
She also learnt that during pregnancy, a woman wasn't required to couple anymore once she began to show. Thank God for small miracles… Of note there were a variety of exercises and skin care products to prevent stretch marks, and they appeared to actually work judging by what Emily had seen of the women of this world. Collingwood seemed to be correct about their advanced medical science.
The schools had an area set aside for infant care, complete with a maternity ward for women about to give birth. To her surprise they didn't breast-feed at all, and they even had a drug to prevent lactation. Just after the birth, the baby would be handed over to a 'Mother', and the babies would be formula-fed, which they considered nutritionally superior. Emily strongly suspected that the real reason was to get a woman back to the task of coupling as soon as humanly possible.
Can't have a perfectly good vagina going to waste for too long in this place…
The thought of getting pregnant wasn't a good one for Emily. There wasn't any birth control available in this world, and her implant was going to run out within a few months. The very concept was completely foreign and caused Emily to have to backtrack fast when she brought it up. They didn't even have condoms, not that any man would likely be convinced to wear one even if they did exist. The only birth control they had was an IUD implant, which was fitted surgically to women when they turned 34 and became 'Mothers'.
Yeah, not a draconian or subjugated society at all, Collingwood…
What was she going to do? If Collingwood didn't come up with a solution to get them out of here in the next few months, she was almost certainly facing getting pregnant and having a child here. A child without a known father! It was a troubling thought in so many ways.
Finally, Friday was over, and Mr Chambers' daily blowjob was done. Just one more week of this to go.
*****
Monday. Hopefully it was the last week of being the only one naked in a room, but on the other hand it could also be the last week she might be able to avoid attention from men. Well, apart from giving Mr Chambers a daily blowjob after class of course.
Again, she was made to stand in the 'Present' position out front of the class after Mr Chambers' introduction while he drew attention to her nudity, her lack of pubic hair and of course the collar. This time he also singled out another aspect that he hadn't previously - her pose.
"Now, debs, this week we will be looking at Etiquette," he began. "These are the things we do to fit into our society. As future women, that will include your manners, your poise, the way you relate to men and to each other, and of course, your behaviour. As women, your duty and honour will be to make yourselves available to men. That includes being displayed, and your coupling skills, both of which in no small way relate back to everything we learned in Health and Beauty last week. Those of you who were not here for that will get your chance in three weeks' time before your Debutante. As most of you already know, the alpha and omega of etiquette in womanhood is to follow the commands that men will give you. Some are designed to display the woman's body as beautifully as possible in order to gain his arousal. Others are more for putting you into a position where he is able to couple with you to share pleasure, and honour you with his seed."
He looked around the room. No hands went up, so he continued.
"You see here 7GQA9E is standing in the 'Present' position. This is the first of eight commands that we will go through today, and then practise for the remainder of the week while we discuss the other finer points of etiquette. Can everyone please put on your deb shoes and adopt the 'Present' position as you see 7GQA9E doing right now?"
The room was suddenly filled with the sound of chairs scraping backwards followed by the clip-clopping of heels as the debs put them on. Emily realised now that she was going to be made to perform all of the degrading poses in front of them all like an obedient little trained animal. Some of the commands she didn't even know yet. She remembered the man in the park when she was there with Collingwood asking her to 'Lay'. She tried to count the ones she did already know in her head to try to guess how many others she didn't know yet. Anything to distract herself from what she was currently doing. They could all see everything she had, and it was about to get a whole lot worse!
"Mr Chambers," one girl called out with her hand up. "May we do this revealed, as 7GQA9E is doing?"
"There is always one," he replied, rolling his eyes. "No, you may not. Be patient. Womanhood will come soon enough for you. In the meantime, you need to be ready. Is that the 'Present' position I asked for?"
The girl quickly stood at attention with her hands behind her back and then moved her feet shoulder-width apart.
"Your legs should be further apart than that," he gently pointed out. "Remember, once you are a woman revealed, your sex will need to be openly displayed, not hidden between closed legs. That is a bit better. Back straight as well. Thrust your chest forward. Perhaps a little further apart with your feet. Pay attention to 7GQA9E. Yes, that is much better now."
He looked around the room, pointing and frowning from time to time before deciding that was close enough for now.
"Ok, the next command is 'Come'. This one often follows 'Present'. Here a man will want to take you somewhere more comfortable to couple. It is very much like 'Present'. You just follow him while keeping your hands behind your back and walking one or two steps behind him. Let me demonstrate. 7GQA9E, 'Come'."
He then started walking towards the door. Emily obediently followed him two steps behind as instructed. Then he turned around and went back to where they started before turning back to face Emily. She felt ridiculous. She was a human being for goodness's sake. Not some trained animal.
"'Present', 7GQA9E."
She resumed the position.
"Ok, everyone select a partner and practise with each other for a few minutes."
The room was shortly filled with female voices saying "Come" and clip-clopping heels while Mr Chambers looked on approvingly.
"Ok, debs, the next command we will look at is the most difficult to master but also one of the most beautiful poses to display the female body. Some of you who have done the Debutante week will already have done this one. It is one of two commands you will be given after your reveal at Debutante. For the rest of you, I will get 7GQA9E to demonstrate. 7GQA9E, 'Sit'."
Emily went into the squat position with her hands behind her neck. There was no point trying to fight it at this stage.
"Notice how the width of her knees causes her sex to part slightly, debs? Notice how she keeps her back straight and her elbows back so that her breasts are lifted up in a pleasing manner? Ok, everyone try this one. You may need to use a desk to steady yourself for the first time."
Once again it caused plenty of laughter as several girls were left sprawling on their backsides in the attempt. At last, enough had mastered it for Mr Chambers to continue.
"'Present' again, 7GQA9E," he ordered before turning back to the class. "Ok, the next command is the second one you will be given at Debutante. Most of you will have already seen 7GQA9E demonstrate it, but for the rest of you I will get her to do it again. 7GQA9E, 'Display'."
Emily hated this one. It was by far the most degrading of all of the commands, but she obeyed immediately, turning her back to the class, bending over and reaching back with both hands to pull her buttocks and labia open. She tried to let her mind wander to somewhere else so she didn't have to think about what she was actually doing. It didn't work.
"You see here that 7GQA9E's hands have revealed her coupling areas. It is very inviting for a man to see a woman displayed like this, and he will often give this command if he is considering coupling. Many will even proceed at this point. This one is easy so we will not bother practising it now, but I suggest you do so in your own time and space where you can be unclothed so you become familiar with it. Ok, 7GQA9E. You may 'Present' again."
Emily was thankful that one was over and returned to standing facing the class.
"The next command is 'Kneel'. 7GQA9E, 'Kneel'."
This one was easy. She got down onto her knees with her legs apart and hands behind her back.
"Note that 7GQA9E's back is straight, shoulders square and her legs are open much the same width as in 'Present'. OK, everyone try this one," Mr Chambers ordered the class.
Everyone obediently kneeled and looked back up at him.
"Well done everyone," he commented with a smile. "Ok, stay there, debs. This next command will often follow the 'Kneel' command, or it will be given at the same time. 'Open', 7GQA9E."
Emily opened her mouth and looked up at him. There was something even more humiliating about this one than many of the others, but she'd performed it so many times now she thought little of it. The worst part of it for her now was that she knew she would almost always have to suck a cock and swallow semen whenever a man ordered it.
"This command is given if a man wishes to offer himself for oral coupling. It is a great honour for a woman to give pleasure in this way, but it will take some practise. I hope everyone who has done Health and Beauty week has been practising their oral coupling?"
"Yes, Mr Chambers," returned most of the class.
"Very good! I am very proud of you, debs," he replied, seeming almost emotional about it. Emily guessed that he really, really liked blowjobs, which might explain why he'd had her giving them to him every day after class. "Ok, everyone can practise the 'Open' position now."
Emily looked around at the classroom full of kneeling girls with open mouths. It was almost obscene.
"The main thing to remember when oral coupling is that you wait for a man to offer himself before you attempt to proceed. Once he does, your hands must remain behind your back at all times, and it is extremely insulting to him if you allow his seed to spill from your mouth at the end, or if you do not thank him for the coupling. For some taller men you may need to rise to a more upright position so you can reach him better. Is everyone clear before we move on?"
"Yes, Mr Chambers."
"Ok, the next command is 'Lay'," he continued. "7GQA9E, 'Lay'."
"I-I'm sorry, Mr Chambers,' Emily responded. "I don't know that one yet."
"Oh, that is no problem. One moment please," he replied as he took out his Portavid and seemed to be scrolling through the screen. "Ok, here we are."
He walked over to the table near the wall and a moment later a still image of a naked woman wearing a collar appeared. She was on her back with her hands gripping underneath her knees while spreading wider than Emily thought possible. It was completely graphic, completely submissive, and absolutely degrading for a woman. Surely, he didn't expect her to do that??
"Do you think you can manage that, 7GQA9E?"
Ok so he does expect me to do it…
Emily sighed inwardly while trying to maintain a smiling and enthusiastic exterior. This wasn't going to be easy. Not so much physically. Thanks to years of yoga, she could almost do the splits. However, mentally was another story. She would literally be opening herself to be fucked, and she knew now that men would be expecting this from her. Men she didn't know. Men in the street. One man had already asked it from her already. On the other hand, everyone here had seen everything she had anyway so what the hell. So, still in the 'Kneel' position she leaned forward onto her hands before rolling onto her back and grabbing her knees, raising her legs up and out, spreading herself as wide as she could go.
"That is excellent, 7GQA9E!" Mr Chambers exclaimed. "Debs, have a look at this and then try it yourselves. Notice she is perfectly opened to allow coupling? This one requires flexibility, but it is easy to balance when you get it right. See how you go. Remember once you become women to always thank him after coupling."
After the girls had finished, it was time for the final command. Emily already knew what it was going to be, having experienced it the first time she was penetrated on this world.
"The last one is not unlike 'Display'", Mr Chambers began. "7GQA9E, do you know 'Face Down'?
Emily nodded her agreement. There was no internal turmoil this time. She was just going to do it and get it over with.
"'Face Down', 7GQA9E."
She assumed the "face down, ass up" pose with her chest on the floor, and then reached around to spread her buttocks. She had no dignity left anyway at this point. The most troubling aspect was that she could now vividly remember everything that happened the day the older man had fucked her in the street in this position, and she had let him! She knew that it would be far from the last time she allowed it too.
Fuck this place and everyone in it.
The rest of the week continued much the same as Monday. Every day she performed the commands in front of the class. Every day she gained a little more confidence with being naked, and every day she lost a little more self-respect. When it was all over on Friday evening, she had a feeling of dread that a new and much worse chapter was about to begin in her life. She was now a fully trained 'woman' ready to go out on her own as a glorified sex toy. However, there was something much worse. Collingwood hadn't contacted her in more than three weeks, and she now had to move out of 4NR's apartment into her own, and 4NR was her only friend here. If there was one thing she loathed more than the humiliation and degradation of her life in this place, it was being alone, and suddenly she was feeling very, very alone.