"Turn away from me and look over your shoulder."
"Unclip your bra, let the ends fall apart."
"Turn and face me, slip one of the straps, the left one, off your shoulder and let it dangle down your arm."
"Put your hands on your head and slip your fingers into your hair."
"Keep the bra on by the cups sticking to your boobs."
"Now, pull one cup off. No not all the way, just so we get a glimpse of pink, ok?"
"Now do the same with the other. That's lovely, great nipples Monica.
"Ok ease it off your boobs, but keep holding the bra, let it dangle by your side."
"Let it fall to the floor, show me yer tits, Monica."
"Mmm, lovely, you have gorgeous boobs."
"Turn round, slowly."
"Now lay on the floor."
"Get hold of your tits Monica."
"Push them together; push those great tits together babe."
"Raise your knees."
"Put your hands into the waist-band of your panties."
"No, just as far as your knuckles into those lovely, lacy shorts."
"Slip them down a little."
"That's far enough."
"Perfect, just a hint of hair."
"Lift your bum up Monica. Yes off the floor."
"That's great, you have a gorgeous bum."
"Push the panties further; show us all those lovely pubes."
"Further Monica, slip them further down."
"You still ok with this?"
"Ok, now slide them so that the waist-band goes down your thighs, but leave the gusset stuck to your lips."
"Mmmm, that's great Monica, fantastic."
"Ok let's lose them now, knickers off luv, let's get you naked."
"Let's see those lips, come on babe, show us, show me, show the camera, show Marty your pussy; we all want to see you, we want to see it."
"I think I see some wetness there Monica. You ok with that?"
"You look soaked, your lips are glistening, they look lovely."
"Ok babe, now raise your knees and slowly open those legs as wide as you can. Let me get right at your cunt."
*
glamourgirlphotographer.com
for that intimate memory
that special moment
that tender message
that erotic interlude
let me photograph you and capture your erotic spirit for ever.
MEN – WOMEN - COUPLES
all are welcome all tastes catered for
Whatever your dream, let me make it a reality.
I am a 24 year old ex glamour model who has moved behind the camera.
I know the feelings, I know the shyness and I know the excitement of being photographed in intimate settings and poses. And I know how it feels to be in front of the camera, to reveal oneself to it and to make love to that lens.
Let me help you and your partner enjoy those feelings, overcome that shyness and experience the excitement I had in my career.
When people accessed the site there was short questionnaire asking them about themselves, nothing too personal, more about the sort of poses they would like me to photograph. I would look at them each day then contact the enquirer, firstly by e-mail and then if that was ok by telephone either, me to them or, them to me if they preferred. I had bought a mobile that I dedicated to this business. Again, no point taking chances is there?
The software analysed them and then listed them by various categories. In the past few days, there had been:
4 females wanting to be photographed alone
3 males wanting their partners to be photographed with them watching
1 male wanting him and his partner to be photographed together
1 male wanting to be photographed alone.
Five of the seven females were for underwear glamour posing with two of them 'probably' wanting topless and two more 'possibly' wanting nude. The couple refrained from specifying what they wanted and instead ticked the 'for discussion' box.
The male was the surprise. He had given his name as Stuart, had written in the comments section that 'he thinks' he wants to be photographed nude and had ticked the box headed 'uninhibited poses,' but was not sure that he had the confidence.
I had never shot a naked guy alone before. The prospect, though somewhat daunting, interested me and, I had to admit, I found it rather stimulating.
I composed my e-mails to the others first and then to that last man. That read:
Dear Stuart
Thank you for contacting glamourgirlphotographer.com
I would be pleased to photograph you at my fully equipped studio in Docklands, East London at your convenience.
For your information, I have enclosed a recent photo of me, together with my fee schedule. A one-hour session for the type of posing you indicated would be £150. That includes the electronic delivery of between 50 and 100 shots and the printing of 20 exposures in colour or black and white at any size up to 12 x 6 inches.
I am happy to be totally directed by you as to the pose and nature of the shots you want me to take; after all, they are of you and for you. Alternatively I would be pleased to organise a shooting schedule for you.
If you wish to proceed please call me on 09876 123456 or reply to this e-mail to discuss the arrangements.
Yours,
Zoe
aka glamourgirlphotographer.com
ps I enclose a shot of me that is yours to keep irrespective of whether you make a booking.
I had decided on a sort of nom de posing and for that part of my life I became Zoe.
For some odd reason feeling quite excited I pressed send wondering just where this might lead. I quickly got some insight into that for within a few hours I received a reply.
Dear Zoe,
Many thanks for your reply, which I read with great interest. Your terms look fine. Would it be possible to book an evening appointment with you? I would like to come along after work if possible and, as I live in Yorkshire, I could catch a train, which would get me to Docklands for 8.00 pm.
Would you be prepared to shoot me in my suit and tie, maybe undressing and possibly with my zip undone revealing me etc.? Would you be able to guide me as to some of the poses using your own experience? I want uninhibited shots but I am not sure what looks best, with your experience I am sure, you will have a much better idea than me. I am also interested to know how uninhibited I may be, to be honest with you, if I was to have an erection would that be a problem? To be even more honest, I think that may well happen and I would not want to offend you. Also, whilst being honest, I must tell you I am extremely nervous about this and I am equally unsure if I would be able to remove any clothes at all. This probably sounds very strange to you, but posing and being photographed by a woman has always been a fantasy for me. I do have some exhibitionist tendencies, but have never really given vent to them. Paying to pose seems to be a way for me to explore that side of myself, I hope you understand. Seeing glamourgirlphotographer.com really got to me. It sounds as if you offer all that I have wanted for such a long time. I do hope so Zoe.
If you could let me know, ASAP I would be most grateful and if all is ok, I would like to make an appointment early in the New Year.
I hope you have a fabulous Christmas and will have a great New Year.
Best wishes,
Stuart
ps thank you for enclosing your picture, it certainly gave me the confidence to reply, although you look so fantastic yourself, I feel totally inadequate at the thought of stripping in front of you!
I smiled as I read the mail. It sort of amused me. The way he couldn't be sure whether he would even be able to pose nude, but if he did he felt he would probably get an erection. Nice contradiction, I thought. Interesting and quite an insight into his psyche and nature, I started to hope that we would meet.
"Quite a variation of concerns," I thought to myself remembering that I had experienced similar worries when I was starting. After all, no matter how morally upright a girl thinks she may be, if she is willing to pose naked to be photographed, it is only a small step to using her body in other ways, doing more than just posing!
Furthermore, being so closely located, one-to-one with a man who is taking erotic, nude and underwear shots of you is such an intimate situation that arousal, for both parties can never be far away. And if there is any degree at all of the girl potentially fancying the man, then who knows what can, and does, happen behind those locked studio doors? Actually I do know, and only too well.
Anyway that was my thinking when I first posed for one-to-one stuff and I was hearing similar views from Stuart. Amazing and encouraging, I thought.
I was also touched by his openness and apparent honesty. I liked that and felt that it bode well for a good session, if we got that far. As with many businesses, most, of my enquiries remain as just that, speculative enquiries and men just contacting the site for kicks, bloody time wasters.
But as I re-read his mail, prior to framing a reply, I had some other thoughts. A touch of excitement for sure, as I hadn't yet had a one-to-one with a naked guy and I didn't know how I would react?
But also, two of my senses or emotions seemed to fuse together, my commercial acumen and my erotic desires. I could see another opportunity for me. A different sort of posing and photography. A process where I could help slightly uptight men certainly, and maybe women too, give vent to their sexual needs, yet at the same time earn good money and gain some sexual pleasure from it myself. I hadn't fully thought it through yet, but it was forming in my mind when I sat down to reply to his mail. I was, I realised, breaking one of my procedures by not making phone contact for that sorted out 'the men from the boys' more quickly. With Stuart, though, I wasn't too worried about whether it would lead to business or not, I was enjoying the exchange and my mind was researching a new idea, so why rush things?
Hi Stuart,
Thanks for your mail. I was most impressed with your openness and honesty and I completely understand your potential dilemma.
When I first posed, I had similar concerns. At the very first session, when the photographer said for me to take my top off I was torn. On the one hand, I felt shy and quite embarrassed at the idea of baring my breasts to a virtual stranger yet, on the other hand, it excited me. Being female, I do have an advantage in that my arousal does not show as obviously as a man's does. So Stuart, please rest assured, I do appreciate your situation and if you decide to go ahead, you can rely on my sympathetic and helpful approach.
As to posing, I am happy and prepared to shoot you in any pose you wish to adopt. And yes, of course, I will advise you, both from a photographer's and a woman's point of view on positions and clothing.
I have no problem whatsoever in taking shots of you in sexually provocative poses or in shooting a series where we gradually undress you. In such a series we would, shot by shot, reveal more and more of your body until we have you naked. That is a fairly standard procedure in glamour photography and men have taken such series of me many, many times. I could send you an example if you wish.
Great glamour or erotic photography requires a number of things, particularly, a close relationship between the model and photographer and a clear agreement on what the session is trying to achieve.
Let me describe the sort of relationship I would like us to strive for and what I feel you are trying to achieve.
My approach to the session would be to assume I was taking photos of you to arouse me, maybe as your girlfriend, wife or partner. Equally, I would try to look at it from a male point of view. Putting myself in the eyes of men that might see our work. That way, what we end up with will be highly personal to us, but should appeal to an appropriate cross-section of society. It should combine a highly heterosexual appeal with strong undercurrents of a bisexual nature. I want to present you in the varying stages of undress as an object of erotic desire and sexual promise to all, not just one gender. To me, eroticism crosses and totally ignores sexual boundaries and sexuality.
As far as you becoming erect is concerned I feel that is an essential part of an erotic photo session. In short, Stuart, I would take it as a compliment to watch and shoot you hardening and fully erect. To me, as a female erotic photographer and as a female, the male erection is an object of great beauty and a vision of sexual power. There can be few props more appealing than an erection, other than perhaps shooting two or three at the same time, which, I hasten to add, has not yet been my pleasure.
So that's part of what I feel we are after.
From what you tell me, you have a desire or fantasy or whatever to be photographed naked, but do not really understand why. The first comment I make on that is, don't worry. It is quite normal, with both men and women. We all have streaks of exhibitionism in us and my job with you is to help you satisfy that. On a higher-ground level, I will become the conduit through which you can fully explore this aspect of your sexuality. That is one of the aims of erotic photography and I would be only too pleased to act as that conduit.
I hope this is all making sense to you, Stuart.
You see, if I am correct in my interpretation of what you wish to achieve, then you will be helping me take my art to a higher level. In addition to providing a photographic service that excites and thrills I will also be supplying a sexually and sexuality therapeutic process as well. That is highly appealing to me.
I can certainly arrange an evening session at a studio in Dockland. I hope that is convenient. Once we find a mutually convenient date, early in the New Year we would be able to start whatever time is suitable for you. With this type of session, there would not be a time limit. We would finish the session when we feel we have achieved our aims. Ok?
I can assure you of total discretion at the session and with the studio. The studio is on the ground floor of a fairly large double fronted house. There is only one door into it from the rest of the house and that can be locked. As it happens, I know the owner of the studio who lives upstairs will be away for most of January so we will be alone and undisturbed. There is an outside, almost totally secluded patio that we could use, but January weather is likely to prevent that.
One part of the studio is sparsely furnished with just different coloured, pull downs and roll out backdrops. In there, such props as chairs, table, or easily manageable objects can be used. The other, which I have to say is more suitable for and is, of course, used more for female models, is set up as bedroom. We would also have a shower and bath we could use and of course outside, if you don't mind your bum getting frozen!
I hope I have fully covered everything that you require at this stage.
Yours in anticipation
Zoe.
The idea of using posing and photography as a form of therapy was rattling round my mind. I had visions of helping people, encouraging them to be less inhibited, open up their sexual desires and fulfil some of their fantasies, at a hefty fee of course. I hadn't worked out the details, yet, but I was sure I was onto something.
Feeling excited, both sexually and professionally, from what I had written and my thoughts for the future, I sat back in my chair. Turning and seeing myself in the mirror, I realised that my nipples had hardened. I couldn't stop myself from touching them as I thought of the last time I had had sex and realised that was almost three weeks ago.
I made up for lost time, though, by masturbating there, in the studio and again when I got home.
I was living with my mother in the family home that dad had vacated and left to her when they split up a few months ago and he went to live in Spain. He had lost a stack of money and had been forced to sell the flat in Islington, which I had shared with my brother. So it was back to the Essex, five bedrooms, pile where I had grown up. The only change was that just mum and I lived there. Well there were other changes for she was now effectively single. I was pretty sure she had a very strong sex drive, far more so than mine, but of course, neither of us could satisfy that by bringing friends home. That wasn't too big a problem for me as I could see my older lover from time to time at his place or in hotels, but I think it played havoc with mum's hormones.
Mum was out, as usual, when I got home. I went to my room, got undressed and showered. Wrapped in a towel, I logged onto my notebook on and checked my mail. The word Stuart leaped from the screen.
Dear Zoe,
I have received your mail and I very much look forward to meeting with you. I think you understand exactly what i am looking for and your suggestions for stripping and maybe even outdoors sound very interesting. I understood what you meant about taking shots that women would enjoy, but what did you have in mind for the bisexual side? I am not sure about that, although you have raised more than a little curiosity in my mind. And I am pleased that you are happy about a potential erection, thank you for being understanding. I liked the sound of all the settings you suggested for the pictures, may I let you choose what you think would be best. And please bring whatever props you think would be good.
Would it help if you saw me before the session to gauge what would be best? I have a cam if you would like to see it, but of course I understand if you just want to get on with the real thing. I will be away for a couple of days, but home again in the New Year, would a shoot the week after be ok? A Friday evening would good when you have a vacancy.
I hope I am able to do this and don't let you down.
Best wishes and yours in anticipation,
Stuart.
Ps I would appreciate seeing the example you suggested of the stripping sequence to see what i have to do, I must admit I am nervous.
pps I assume you will be clothed throughout the shoot?
I was pleased and excited to receive such a quick reply later that day. I was even more pleased and excited when I read the content of the mail. It was the pps, though, that sent my mind racing. It gave me yet another idea that I could incorporate into my new role as a photographic sexual therapist.
After sending the last mail, I had let my mind run a bit; I had let it stray to a session of the type I had described in the mail. I had aroused myself writing the mail. Thinking about the session and reading Stuart's latest mail, simply increased that arousal. Not only were my nipples hard, but also my breasts had that heavy and full feeling that signifies an impending full arousal. That sensation was being transmitted from my nipples and breasts to my clitoris as if they were wired up. That, in turn, was making me excrete my female juices. I had no alternative, there was no other way, nothing else would do. I lay on my bed and masturbated.
Before having sex with myself, I had fired off a reply. That had advised him that before we could go any further we would need to talk on the phone with him on a landline. Some punters objected to that and those I dumped, but most accepted it as the safety measure it was intended.
I had an almost instant reply saying that he had no objection and giving me a number. As I was about to take a shower, I was still wearing just the towel, I rang it.
"Hi is that Stuart?"
"Yes, hello, is that Zoe?" Replied a deep voice with a northern accent.
"Yes from glamourgirlphotography.com. How are you?"
"Incredibly nervous."
"I understand, I would be in your place."
"Thank you Zoe, you are very understanding."
"Good, I am pleased you think like that. You do understand why I insist on a landline conversation the first time?"
"Yes of course."
"In future it can be by mobile if you prefer?"
"That would be better, but would you consider using messenger instead?"
"If you wish, sure, that's up to you, but I rarely use it. Are you on there often?"
"Not that often, but I am right now, as it happens."
"Would you like me to log on?"
"Yes that would be great, thank you Zoe."
I logged on and clicked the phone off.
We chatted a little in writing. He confirmed that he would like to book a session on one of the next three Fridays.
"Would you like to see my cam before the session?" He suddenly asked.
Without thinking, I said that I would. I used to watch cams a bit, but gave it up and I hadn't seen one for ages.
The beard surprised me. Why? No idea. For some unfathomable reason, I imagined the feel of that on my breasts and thighs. Again why?
Stuart was wearing a dressing gown. I guessed that there would be little or nothing under it, why would there be? Isn't that why guys have cams, to find girls in front of whom they can get their kit off? Isn't that the reason? Isn't the idea to find women to watch them masturbate? Isn't it the plan to get the girl to masturbate as well? Wasn't cybering the name of this game? I knew that it was for I had been that girl several times.
I think it was me that suggested he should stand up. He did. I asked about his body shape. He said that the gown was hiding it. I agreed. There was a pregnant silence as I realised that my towel had loosened and had slipped down over my breasts.
He broke it. "Shall I take it off I have nothing on under it?"
"Yes and that doesn't matter?" I said, trying to sound the professional, artistic photographer, but feeling anything but that as his gown slid off.
He discretely kept the cam above his waist. He looked good. He was slim and fit but not overly so. He had bodily hair, but again, not overly so. He had a nice physique, but one with normal impediments, one with the limitations that makes for more realistic erotic photography.
I suggested he turn round. As he did, he moved further away from the cam, thus showing more of his body. As if with a suggestive will of its own, my towel had now fallen open.
He had a lovely bum, round and full with no signs of wrinkles, flabbiness or, worse, pimples or hair. He diplomatically stood with his back to me making it awkward to reach the keyboard. Several times, I almost saw his front, but not quite. Should I ask? Would he show me? Did I want to? Was that too much too soon?
I didn't know.
Suddenly, he asked. "Shall I turn round?"
I hesitated
"To show my front?" He asked.
Again I hesitated and then murmured. "Yes" my mouth dry and my lungs pumping a little.
It was tense and exciting. It was like being on a date with neither party quite sure how far to go. "That is Stuart," I went on realising that I was cupping my breast and pinching my nipple, "If you want me to look at you."
Slowly he turned. Not to put too fine a point on it, he had a nice cock. Uncircumcised and quite thick, it was of average length, but, if a cock can be this, it looked interesting. And that was not due to the fact that is was visibly hardening.
But then, fuck it, my mother came home and I had to log off. Perhaps it was for the best, though, for my body was aflame with sexual sensations.
I masturbated for the second time that day.
The next morning I sat down, re-read his mail, thought about the cam session and replied.
Dear Stuart
I can make any of the next three Friday evenings, please choose which one. As you will have to travel from Yorkshire, which I guess is about three hours by train into Kings Cross then tube and DLR or, an hour or so by plane into City Airport, shall we say we start at 8.30? As I said, there is no need for a time limit, so I will ensure my availability all evening. Do you have somewhere you can stay or would you like me to book you a local hotel?
Thanks for showing me the cam today. It was good preparation for the shoot. You have a great body, it's photogenic, I am sure and I think the beard will look good on film. I am looking forward to seeing 'it' again real soon.
The bisexual comment, Stuart, was more to do with the viewers appeal than anything else. I would hope my photos of you would appeal equally to men, as I know they will to women!
We haven't yet discussed what you will wear. I would suggest jeans and another pair of trousers, a couple of shirts, long sleeved and button all the way down the front, one white and the other in a dark colour. Oh, and a dressing gown, preferably silk and mid-calf in length. Maybe you could also bring a pair of shorts and swimming trunks, speedo type, tight and brief. I would suggest two pairs of boxers, tight one black the other white, Calvin Kline's preferably. If you have a leather jacket then please bring that and, of course the suit. Anything else you can think of or, would like me to photograph you in, please bring with you. Do you have lens as well as glasses?
You asked me an interesting question, which had not occurred to me until I read it. That also prompted some other thoughts in me. Having now thought quite deeply about it, Stuart, I think I can say your assumption in the pps may be wrong. That is, of course, if you would be comfortable and agreeable to me photographing you in various stages of my undress.
What I was thinking, was that after I take a few shots of you, pretty much fully dressed, for say half an hour or so, during which time, hopefully you will relax, we would move onto something that will be completely new to me. That would be me modelling as well as you, in fact, me modelling with you, at the same time and taking shots of both of us using the delay timer on the camera.
How does that sound to you?
Please let me know ASAP when and what time you would wish me to book the studio?
Yrs, highly expectantly
Zoe
PS Enjoy the attached sequence of me undressing. I could do something along those lines for you.
I sent the mail knowing there would be no reply until Wednesday for it was New Year's Day.
*
I don't usually go out with a guy with the clear intention of fucking his brains out. But I did on that New Year's Eve 2007. I do not also usually go out wearing particularly sexy underwear. But I did that night. It felt well, right I suppose. And also, I don't usually go out with guys around my age. I prefer older men. Late 30s and early 40s are my faves; they have still got the go but also have the sexual guile, experience and patience that makes for fantastic screwing.
But this New Year's Eve I was with a twenty seven year old who had a great reputation for being sexually just like guys of his age should be: quick to recover and can fuck several times in an evening. Usually quantity isn't what I look for, preferring the quality of the fuck or fucks to their length or number. But this New Year, with my new 'profession' providing so much stimulation for me and Stuart's mails and the chat and cam show on messenger having aroused me so much, I was after sheer quantity. I wanted hard, raw dirty sex with Steve and I wanted as much of it as I could get. That really was unusual for me.
I was like a bitch on heat getting ready. I got even hotter slipping into the black thong and the low cut, totally see-through, black lacy bra. And when I slid the black, fishnet, seamed, hold-up stockings up my legs and pushed my feet into the strappy high heels and looked at myself in the mirror, I almost made myself cum! God what arrogance and vanity I thought, stroking one of my hardened nipples. Thinking back to Stuart and forward to being shagged by Steve later tonight made me shudder. Resisting masturbating for the third time that day was hard.
Steve liked the little black number I wore. It was a real dinner party dress, tight and low cut round my tits and above the knee but loose down below. I knew that I would show off quite a lot of what men like girls to show off; their tits and stocking tops!
I threw my overnight bag into his car, for I was staying at his place, which was just a short walk from where we were going to the dinner party. That had gone well. I didn't drink that much, for I find sex better when sober, it's easier then to stay awake.
We left earlyish, around one. By quarter past, Steve was ooing and ahhing at my underwear as my dress fell in a pool round my feet. By half past, he had fucked me on the sofa.
We had a snack and a couple of drinks, watched some of the live Take That concert he'd recorded and after less than an hour he was at me again. This time he took my bra and panties off. As he bent me forward until I was nearly 90 degrees at the waist signalling for me to support myself with my hands on the table he said.
"I think we'll leave those sexy stockings right where they are."
It was almost an all-night fuck. He had me from behind as I have just described then we went to bed and slept. And we had a nice, slow languid shag with loads of foreplay in the morning.
I got home, by cab at just after 11 and felt that I just had to write to Stuart. I was enjoying corresponding with him. He wrote quite well, though rather carelessly, for he frequently didn't use capitals to start sentences and he made numerous minor grammatical, spelling and composition errors, but who really cares? He got his points across well and in an appropriately descriptive manner.
Hello Stuart
I hope you had a good New Year. I don't know when you will get the chance to read this, but I am writing it at mid-day on the first day of a new year.
I had a nice time on New Year's Eve, a quiet dinner party with friends in Islington, where I used to live. I stayed with a mate last night and just as I was going to bed, I thought of our potential session. I have had another idea that I thought I should share with you. Hopefully, you will be able to read this mail as simply a continuum of the one I wrote before going out last evening.
You know I have done many modelling sessions over the past year or so. During that time, I have gathered together a large wardrobe of outfits and masses of underwear; panties of all descriptions and colours, matching bras, basques, stockings and suspender belts et al.
My mate mentioned something about clothing and that triggered off a thought process. It goes like this.
As part of my photography cum sexual therapy services, maybe I should offer to bring some of my outfits with me. Then when I photograph you, I can change into what you ask me to wear. How does that sound?
As I often do, I have now thought more about it. I had an hour's tube journey home to Essex this morning. I could also add on posing with my client and using the timer on the camera. Now doesn't that open up some possibilities?
Please try to answer this along with the other points I put in my last mail.
Thanks and again happy New Year
Your glamourgirlphotographer 'therapist'
Zoe.
Ps I have attached a couple of outfits as examples. Let me know what you think of them.
I sent it.
Hi Zoe,
Wow, you have been busy, on line and off it and it sounds like your New Year's Eve was really nice, mine was very quiet, as usual.
I read both e-mails with trepidation and excitement. After we had chatted before New Year, I had wondered what you thought. I had offered to show you my cam, but had never intended to show so much of myself. I was surprised how I had managed to disrobe and almost shocked that I had engaged in your polite request to see my front. You had been so professional and kind my confidence had increased massively. I guess it is that exhibitionist streak emerging.
Your comments about my bum had certainly affected me and the way you complimented me on 'my front view' had seriously turned me on. Suddenly, I was gripped with the notion that I wanted you to see my bum and cock, I was almost desperate to show you for real, the thoughts and language that were forming in my mind were almost lurid. I stopped myself; my mind was racing far too fast and far too far again. I think it was probably a good thing that your mum came home. I think I may well have shown myself up and done something ridiculous if we had carried on much further.
thanks for the examples of your modelling which are more than a little inspirational. I have studied them and find the prospect of the shoot even more exciting as a result. thank you for explaining your idea of bisexual to me, I had never thought about being with another male before, but your suggestion has definitely aroused my curiosity, especially after the comments you made about my bum (thank you for those too). It has made me think about showing more of that part of me, I hope that doesn't offend you, but would you take a picture of that part of me in close up and in detail? I hope this request doesn't come across as too peculiar for you to contemplate. your kind comments about my body have encouraged me enormously.
Having now seen your topless picture I know that if you strip as you shoot I certainly will be carrying an erection, forgive me but your lovely frame has already induced that response. I would be delighted if you would do that and indeed the idea of you wearing your outfits as well, excites me. Would you be happy with us posing together? I am assuming it would just be standing and you would remain clad in your outfits or bra and panties.
I would love to be pictured stripping from wearing a business suit, if you would be okay with that? I will happily bring one with me if its ok. And you did say there was a shower at the studio, could I get cleaned up after the journey and before we start?
Thanks a lot
Stu
I think that we had become quite good friends in writing. That was nice and bodes well for our meeting and the photographic session that we had pretty much now organised. I felt as if I knew him, perhaps too well in fact. I was comfortable writing to him about intimate topics and sending him highly revealing photos of me: something I rarely did to people I would be likely to meet in the flesh, as it were!
I had booked the studio and had said to Sandra I might be working into the night. Although she was away, she had told me someone would be checking on the place, so not to be worried if there was a caller.
"So if you are going to get up to anything naughty Zoe, make sure you keep the door locked," she had said over the phone adding. "Oh and if the session goes on a bit and you want to crash, you can do that either, in the studio, as you know there's a nice big bed or, up in my flat, you know where the spare key is don't you?"
I always like to make sure all the details are attended to so, on the day before our scheduled meet, I sent a confirming email.
Hi Stuart,
Hope you are well and are ready for tomorrow; I am so looking forward to it. Although I have been on both ends of the camera in a studio many times, I have never done anything quite like what we have planned.
You asked about taking photos of your bum. Not only would I like to, I insist. That's not just because you have such nice one, rounded and full, yet pert and firm, but also because photogenic ally and erotically they are of immense importance. Also Stu, men's bums turn me on!
When I was modelling, I think mine was shot more times than any other part of me. In fact, when I go through the shots that the photographers have sent me, they always do that to help the model develop her portfolio, there are more from behind than from the front: not sure if I shouldn't be a little disappointed at that; I mean, what's wrong with my tits???
I have been putting my mind to some poses and, of course, will discuss them with you tomorrow. I thought you might like to mull them over on your way down. These are not necessarily in order, for you might wish to do the 'strip from your suit sequence' first.
Shot 12.1
Stuart facing away from camera just wearing tight, white boxers. Hands on hips, legs parted
Shot 12.2
Same pose, but boxers pulled down showing the start of the crease
Shot 12.3
Same pose, but one arm by side and top of boxers down level where the bum cheeks end.
Shot 12.4
Stuart bending forward, his crease on show, the folds of his boxers hiding everything else.
Shot 12.5
Shot of my hand pulling the boxers further down.
Shot 12.6
My hand, with very dark fingernails, resting on S's back, as if pushing him forward. He is almost at ninety degrees, the boxers are round his knees. The shot will show my hand and his opened cheeks in very close-up.
Shot 12.7
Stuart in same position, but legs wider apart. Camera angle will be between them so that the back of his scrotum and his c***, if flaccid will be in shot centre.
So yes, rest easy, Stuart, I have been thinking about your bum quite a bit, it features heavily in my shooting schedule, which I will be completing as you travel down tomorrow.
I'm pleased you like my ideas on me undressing with you and wearing various outfits, by the way it's your last chance to suggest any you would particularly like to see me in.
Of course we could pose together, I would like that.
As a general concept, and as part of my catalogue of services, I had envisaged staying partially clothed and yes standing. But Stuart, there are always exceptions to every rule. There were many exceptions when I was modelling, so I don't see the need for that to change.
Stripping from a business suit sounds great. We can do some where you start off fully clothed and gradually strip. Also, I would like to experiment with just wearing the suit, being naked under that and me shooting lots of pics as you firstly become erect and then slowly disrobe.
There is a shower, but if you stay at the Travelodge you won't need it beforehand or after. Under the lights, though, it does get very warm and both of us might need it during the session. Would you like some shots of you in there?
Anyway S, I think that about covers everything so have a safe trip tomorrow
Luv
Zoe
*
"Well for a lot of the time he treats me like a cunt, so as a wedding present, I thought I would give him some pictures of my cunt."
That was the main gist of the telephone conversation I'd had with Susie, a bride-to-be who had contacted glamourgirlphotography.com.
She was very much 'the Essex girl' made good; a person I could identify with, for that was where I was born and now, once more, live.
The county of Essex lies to the East of London, bordering on what is known as the' East End'. In years gone by that was a tough area dominated by London Docks, but like 'Docklands', as it's now called, much of it has been 'gentrified.' It now provides upscale living for the hordes of dealers and traders of derivatives, forex, equities and bonds working in the banks in Canary Wharf and in the City. Earning astronomical sums for, essentially, gambling, Essex has proved to be a fertile breeding ground for the 'cityboy yobs.'
And of course, where's there's 'loads of money' there is always 'loads of crumpet' as girls are known in Essex or city boy speak; that is when girls are present, when not they are usually referred to as 'cunt.!' This 'Essex crumpet,' or cunt, has its own look, style, behaviour, dress code and way of speaking; basically, loud, flash, garish and don't give a fuck. Their clear ambition is to hook a cityboy earning two or three hundred grand and upwards and live the 'life of Riley' in the Essex bars, restaurants, tanning, nail and beauty parlours and the upscale shops. Nice if you can get it, but to get it you have to put up with a cityboy, give me a snake anytime.
Susie had done her hooking and was due to be married in the South of France, naturally, with the honeymoon predictably in the Maldives.
She was twenty-eight, Carl her futures dealer was just thirty, they had just bought a million pound flat in Docklands.
She was slightly overweight, but in an over-made-up-way, she was attractive. Her shoulder length, straightened hair had the obligatory highlight and extensions and on her ankle and lower back she had the inevitable tattoos; I was half expecting a pierced nipple as well.
"How do you want to do this?" I had asked as we sipped a glass of wine after she had arrived at the studio in her skin tight, hugely expensive jeans, tucked into knee-length boots.
"How do ya mean luv?" She replied, lighting a cigarette.
"I'm sorry Susie, but there's a strict no smoking policy in the studio."
"Can't be that fucking strict, there's no one to impose it, is there ay?"
"Well actually I'm supposed to."
"Tell you what luv, let's call the fee two 'undred and forget about such stoopid fucking rules shall we? Want one?"
It just wasn't worth arguing, but I refrained from accepting a cigarette, just.
"How would you like to pose, what would you like to wear"?
"Oh right."
That's when she told me that she wanted pictures of her cunt.
"Nothing else?"
"Nah, that's all Carl's interested in about me, my pussy, he can't get enough."
"You don't think he might like some of you in underwear?"
"Nope, 'e don't go in for all that bollocks, e's a get 'em off gal and let me get inya bloke."
"Ok, you're the boss, Susie. Would you like to undress, there's a changing room there." I pointed out. "There's a robe or two in there," I added as she walked across the room her, just slightly, oversized bum wobbling nicely in the tight jeans.
I was checking a few proofs on my pc when I heard.
"Ok luv, ow dya want me?"
Turning, I saw she was completely naked. Although, clearly a biggish girl, everything was in proportion. Wide shoulders, flared hips, ample-sized bum, full waist and great tits. The only impediment I could see was the excess flesh on her thighs, but I doubt cityboy minded that, there was plenty of other parts of Susie he could occupy himself with.
"Would you like to start now Susie?"
"Yep come on let's do it."
"Are you sure you don't want some other shots than your er um pussy?"
"Er, you could actually take a few of me bum, e loves that."
I smiled. "Of course, but then most men like looking at girls' bums don't they?"
"Yeah, but e likes doing a lot more than looking I can tell you, e can't get enough, I think he'd rather shag me there than where he should do, know what I mean?"
Anal wasn't something that I either, enjoyed or, from a woman's viewpoint, really understood; after all, we don't have a prostate or any other sensitive place up there do we? Still each to their own, I thought, looking Susie up and down.
"You do realise that the session is scheduled for an hour, don't you Susie?"
"Yep, so?"
"Well unless you want hundreds of shot of your bum and pussy, we won't take all that time."
"That's fine, just get me some good ones of both places and if that takes five, ten or twenty minutes I couldn't care less, only fucking gilt ennit."
So that's just what we did.
I have to say that she turned out to be a good model. She did as she was told, followed my suggestions to the letter.
"Sit on the floor, with your back against the settee. Bring your knees up and open your legs."
"Rest your hand on your tummy, and let your fingertips just touch your pussy."
I was firstly kneeling, and then lying focusing the camera right on her open pussy taking very close up shots as well as longer distance.
"OK, on the bed, on your back, knees hanging over the side, thighs open."
"Bring your legs up so they press against your tits."
"Ok now let's get some of that lovely bum as well," I found myself saying. She didn't object.
"Put your legs at ninety degrees to your body. Keep them straight and hold them wide open."
"Lay on your front, keep your legs together and raise your tummy from the bed."
"Kneel on all fours."
"Stay kneeling, but rest your face on the bed, keeping your legs together."
"Now open your legs."
"Let's stop for a while Susie, I'll show you what we've got so far."
"Ok."
"Like a drink or a robe."
"Nah, I'm ok, you're used to seeing nude birds ain't you?"
"Yes I don't mind, I was thinking of you."
"Fucking ell," she exclaimed when I had downloaded the shots onto the PC and had brought them up on the plasma.
It really was some sight to see a big plasma, time and again completely filled with a woman's cunt.
* Dear Zoe,
Once again, I loved reading your ideas and thoughts on tomorrow's session. Yes they sound exactly what I was hoping for. And thank you for your comments about my bum, I hope it matches up in the flesh, but I think you will be seeing a lot of it! and to be honest I am very keen for you to see as much of it as you like, your proposed schedule as you have produced it looks fabulous, by 12.5 I am afraid I was more than a little hard, the thought of your hand being so close. By 12.6 I thought I might have an accident! I love the idea of my bum cheeks open and I am so very turned on at the idea. Any hope that my cock will be flaccid at that stage I think is forlorn. I am also thrilled that it has the same effect on you, if your nipples harden tomorrow I think my erection will be guaranteed.
I am glad you like the suit idea and the plan of being naked beneath it sounds exciting too, maybe with a tie though. And yes, I love the idea of shots in the shower, water and soap cascading from my arms and back. Shower shots that I have seen always look fun and it would be good to do them. Do you have many of you taken in the bathroom? and anyway would it be a good time for a break while we both use the shower to cool down? Of course you will have privacy for showering, but I bet you look fantastic with water running from your body, especially from your tits, whch are, by the way, fabulous!!
Do you have any outfits in a gypsy or Victorian style, basques etc in reds and black? And a baby doll would also be nice, maybe in a very feminine colour like pink? And I really hope we can pose together, I would like that, I feel as if I already know you so well.
I will meet you as planned just after 9, with my stuff and we can take it from there. I am still nervous and I suspect by that time tomorrow will be quaking, but I am so very much looking forward to this.
Take care,
Stuart.
We had arranged to meet in a bar near to his hotel and not far from the studio.
As always when meeting a guy in a bar or restaurant I was purposefully 'fashionably late.' I had intended getting there around 9.10 but I got held up at the studio. For some reason, despite it working perfectly well with Susie, I couldn't make my memory stick or laptop work on Sandra's complicated IT system. I needed to though, for it had my shooting schedule on it. More importantly, I would need to use the system to view the shots and I was pretty sure Stuart would enjoy seeing himself on two big screens at the same time. I know that the first time I saw myself like that I was blown away. Actually trying to show the shots on both plasmas at the same time turned out to be the problem. I got it worked out though and as a test, I had a peep at some of the shots of Susie and her very on show pussy. I wondered what Carl would say when he saw them.
After I got it working, I checked out the entire system with some shots of me in various stages of undress. "Mmmm yes," I thought, "maybe my tits aren't too bad." I knew I was putting on a little weight and some of it was going to them. "Be a C cup soon," I smiled looking at a close up shot in vivid colour of my breasts on two 52-inch screens.
I completed the rough shooting schedule, checked the two Canons, one wide angle the other narrow for real close ups, and made sure the transfer from them to my laptop functioned properly. Everything seemed fine. It was just six, plenty of time.
Shall I shower first and get ready then select the outfits or, shall I choose those first and then get ready? A big question, quite a dilemma.
It shouldn't have been and when I modelled it hadn't been, but I had become relaxed about posing. I had got used to baring my breasts, being naked, posing with open legs, touching myself and feigning, well most of the time I was feigning, self-induced orgasms. I had got accustomed to being alone with a stranger in a studio. I had become relaxed about showing him all I had, every little nook and cranny of me. Feeling aroused, slightly fancying the man and hearing him ask about extras no longer fazed me. Even doing some extras no longer worried me, well not much. But thinking about this new venture, the different services and requirements that we had discussed in our mails and just what might happen in the studio, made me feel just like I did that first time I was getting ready to go to a gig where I had to flash my tits. In fact, this was giving me even more extreme feelings.
There were two things I always did when getting ready for a modelling session. I didn't wear any underwear for a few hours before it; that way there would be no unsightly bra or panty elastic marks, and I masturbated as near to the start of the session as I could. That helped reduce the arousal potential. It also meant unless I really fancied the guy I would be able to keep my feelings under control and resist any suggestions of extras. Additionally, it also helped me resist cumming too soon, something I am always prone to with a new lover.
I got all my stuff together first. That was quite exciting; I love the feel and touch of my sexy underwear. It gets me going to think of men in general and Stuart in particular seeing me in them. It was nearing seven.
Then I undressed completely. I stood naked my panties round my ankles. I looked in the mirror and imagined it was his eyes on me. What am I thinking, I asked myself, surely I won't be like this with Stuart, will I?
Standing, looking in the mirror, leaning back against the door, I masturbated. Quite a quick one, but satisfying. Strong enough that it would give me the resolve not to get too aroused if I saw him becoming erect. God I'm going mad I thought as I got out of the shower. It was 8.15. Time is getting tight, I shouldn't have had that wank, but, hey, I did, so there.
Jeans and a top I thought. Just about right, not too come on. More like a professional photographer. I slid into the jeans, no panties of course and went to pull the pink sweater over my head. No, stop. I wanted to be sexier, show more, and let him see more, so I changed. It was 8.40.
I went to the studio in my MINI and unloaded all my stuff. I buggered around with that fucking IT equipment that didn't want to work, consistently. It was 9.15. I fluffed up my hair, checked my make-up and put on my leather coat. I walked to the bar and opened the door.
We saw each other immediately. At first, we were like strangers, but then we are strangers I thought as we shook hands. Shook hands for Christ's sake. Shaking hands after seeing you naked, talking about all the stuff we have. I put my hand on your shoulder and kissed you on the cheek.
"Hello Stuart, lovely to meet you."
"Hello Monica you as well, shall we sit over there?" He suggested pointing to a table in a quiet corner of the dark bar.
"Yes why not?" I said as he sat down. I was standing with my back to the rest of the bar as I undid the leather coat. "I think we have time for one drink," I said as I removed the coat "After all we have a lot to see and do tonight, don't we Stuart?"
His eyes were like the proverbial organ stops as he murmured.
"Yes Zoe."
It was awkward at first, but then that's not unusual when I meet a client model for the first time. Usually, they have never posed intimately before and naturally, they are nervous. It soon passes though and it wasn't long before we were chatting away quite nicely. We talked about his journey, the hotel and numerous other topics, but avoided the coming session, I thought smiling to myself at the double entendre.
"I see you have brought some stuff with you Stuart," I said nodding at the bag on the floor. "Your costumes?" I added smiling.
"Yes," he smiled back, "Pretty much what you suggested."
"And this is the suit?" I asked reaching out and running my finger and thumb along the lapel of the three-buttoned suit. It was nice material, thin and smooth.
"Yes, is that ok?"
"Yes it's very nice, blue is it?"
"Yes navy."
I looked him right in the eye as I found myself saying, unnecessarily really. "That should come out well on film with you naked beneath it."
He stammered something I couldn't quite make out.
"You ready then Stu?" I asked. "Shall we go?"
"Oh yes, let's, thanks, how far is it?" he garbled, his nerves clearly returning, big time
I had walked out of the bar, acutely conscious of his eyes on my bum; I may even have emphasized my wiggle. Or was that for the gazes of the couple at the bar and a few other chancers in the room staring at my tits and legs, as well? Why do I do it, why was I doing this I asked myself?
I never know. I get these mad moments when I want to 'flash my bits.' Not completely, not like mooning or lifting my skirt with no panties underneath. No, nothing like that. Just showing a little too much leg, or a rather too obvious a flash of nipple, that sort of thing.
And of course posing.
In some ways, I suppose, being a glamour model and posing for amateur photographic clubs is the ultimate in being an exhibitionist, isn't it? I mean, laying on a studio floor, naked, apart from perhaps a suspender belt and stockings, legs spread, touching yourself and feigning, sometimes an orgasm as a dozen, letchy old sods snap away at you, is just about as exhibitionistic as a girl can be, isn't it?
I kidded myself that I did the posing purely for money. To an extent that was true, but not entirely. I had other mates at college, as equally pretty as me, who also needed money. They didn't do it, although some had been asked. Presumably, they didn't have the sort of exhibitionist need that had lain dormant in me all those years and had being fanned aflame by my modelling.
I suppose, in some ways, that's what attracted Stuart to me; I saw that need in him as well!
This new venture had, though, taken most of the opportunity for indulging myself away from me. The idea of posing with him was maybe another reason I was attracted to him, well apart from his bum that is!
Also, having now moved back home to live with my mum after she and dad spilt up a month or so ago, another cost saving action, my sex-life was restricted somewhat so I needed another buzz. Extending my photography the way I planned, might just do that.
Photographing others as well as posing is largely about creating the right atmosphere and scene. I knew that with Stuart, with the uncertainty and conflicts he had, that was doubly important and particularly challenging. I had to relax him, give him confidence and develop a working relationship with him. One based on trust. He had to trust me and have the confidence that, whatever happened, I would not embarrass him or make him feel foolish or inadequate. At the same time I had to be in control, he wanted and needed to be led, I was sure, maybe there was a submissiveness in him that needed a touch of a modest dominatrix, a role I had often fancied, but then I had also fancied being a sub too, so what the hell did I know?
I realised that also I had to thrill and excite him. After all that was what this was all about wasn't it?
That's why I had started it from when we met. From the moment, I undid my leather coat. From when I showed him I was wearing a denim micro skirt with brass buttons up the front. From when he saw so much of my tanned legs and he noticed very quickly that I was naked under that nearly see-through pink top.
I was sending him a message, creating an atmosphere. Telling him clearly what the meeting was about; showing what was on the agenda. Letting him know that I was prepared to show and silently asking "Was he?"
It was only a short walk to the studio. The roads around that part of Docklands are quite quiet. We hardly spoke. I think now that the moment was almost nigh we were both getting nervous. That seemed to increase as I let us into the studio.
"Well here it is Stuart," I said standing in the middle and pointing round the room. "The backdrops, the lights, the cameras, the IT stuff, the plasmas." I moved to an alcove in the L-shaped room and pointed. "And here is the bed."
We both stared at the double bed. It seemed to be symbolic of something. I was keenly aware of what that was and I thought probably he was as well. Men and women fuck on beds don't they? And from almost the first exchange of mails, certainly ever since he had shown me his cam, us fucking had been a mute, slightly implied, never mentioned, but probably integral part of our increasingly lurid correspondence. Would he fuck me on that bed, I wondered?
I had heard the cliché, 'the atmosphere was electric' applied to many situations. But never before had I felt anything like this. Not when I first stripped to be photographed, not when I first did open leg, not when I first made myself cum in front of a group and not when I first posed with another model. Not even in my non-modelling life, when I lost my virginity, when I shagged my first older man, or when I first had fumbling sex with another girl.
You really could, as the other cliché goes, have 'cut the atmosphere with a knife.'
Although Stuart was my first one-to-one session with a man, and that seemed such a major stage in my new photographic career, that meant nothing compared to what he must have been feeling. To be fulfilling this long-held, but only recently acknowledged need, of exhibiting himself, of exposing himself being photographed, to be revealing his nakedness to a female and, probably, to be hardening in front of her, in front of me, must have meant so much, but must also have been so challenging to him.
From my experiences, I knew that it was important to get started quickly. When nervous, when breaking new ground, when pushing down barriers, delay just added to the trepidation.
"Shall we start Stuart?"
"What now, right away?"
"Yes, of course," I said fussing around with fitting everything up and setting up the lights.
"Where do go I to get ready?"
"You're not really changing are you Stuart, just undressing? So why don't we start shooting like that?"
"What, how?" he stammered, obviously confused and very surprised.
"You wanted a strip sequence from your suit so why don't I watch you undress and take whatever shots I think are right," I said quietly. "You know, casual, unposed and spontaneous, forget about me and forget about the camera."
"Really," he stammered?
"Yes Stuart, really."
I didn't take many as he undid his tie and took his jacket off; I just looked at him through the camera, getting used to him and letting him get to know the camera, he was doing that very well. I shot a few, some in close-up, as his fumbling fingers undid the buttons on the blue, slightly creased, which added interest to the shots, shirt.
He was clearly nervous as he removed his shirt, but then so was I as I watched. I almost forgot to shoot at times and, when I did, they were poorly formulated poses. As I remembered from seeing him on cam, he had a nice physique. His chest was fairly hairy, which personally I like, the muscles on his arms were well defined and he had small boobs, with, for a man, quite prominent nipples. There may have been a few unnecessary pounds round his waist, for there was a slight excess bulging over his waistband, but overall he had a good body.
"Mmmm nice Stuart, hold it like that." Click, click, click.
"Half-turn away from me." Click, click click.
"Now turn your back on me," more clicks. "Look over your shoulder at me, hold your hands together by your dick," I said, purposefully introducing some sexual terms. "Now, slowly turn towards me holding it with both hands." Loads of clicks.
It was going well. I was putting down some fine shots, particularly for so early in the session.
"OK Stuart? I asked, fiddling with the lights and plugging that camera into the pc and downloading the shots I had taken so far.
"Yes great thanks?" He replied standing close to me just in his suit trousers, socks and shoes.
"Would you like some wine or I have some vodka."
"Wine would be great."
"Red or white?"
"I prefer red but it doesn't really matter."
I did the drinks acutely aware of his eyes on me and equally acutely aware of the very obvious bulges in my pink top from my hardened nipples. I really should have worn a bra I thought.
"Why don't we lose the shoes and socks Stu, not very sexy poses taking those off? He did that and stood there barefoot and topless.
"Ready?"
"Yes."
"You sure?"
"Yes, I am sure, well as sure as I ever will be."
"Then let's go for it Stuart, let's lose the trousers. Slowly undo your zip for me."
I smiled and bent forward putting the camera to my eye as the front of my top gaped a bit. I knew full well that he would have a great view of my tits down the front of the sweater. I enjoyed that.
I could see his fingers were shaking as he fumbled with the zip. Mine were as well as I zoomed in on him pulling the tag down. I knelt down, my legs slightly parted, to frame a better shot. My face was level with his evident bulge as the trousers slid down. He had done as we had discussed and not worn pants.
"Oh fuck," I thought when he turned away. "He's bottling it."
I ripped off a series of shots of his bare arse thinking that might be all I would get. But then, he amazed me. Instead of, as I had feared, walking away, he stood there, just a few feet from where I was kneeling. Slowly, but really quite athletically, he bent forward with his legs wide open, but straight, reached down and took hold of each of his right ankle with both hands.
"Shit," I muttered gazing at the awesome sight in front of me. "He's creating 12.7 on the shooting schedule." I realised then that Stuart was a natural model.
I fired away with shot after shot. I seemed to be able to see the pose I wanted and what part of him I wanted to capture, so easily. It was as if some major force outside my control or influence was driving me. And all the time he was with me. We worked in almost perfect unison; we were forging a partnership, reacting and responding to each other. He seemed to know what I wanted him to do, almost before I asked it. It was a great feeling, both sexually and professionally.
I stood up and moved around shooting from different angles and distances. His whole bent form, just from the bum downwards, just the bum, close-up, longer distance, from one side so one cheek created a shadow in his crease and then straight on. I increased the light and focused a bell-lamp right into his crease. He was a great model, he hardly moved.
"Yes, yes Stuart," I grunted using typical photographerspeak, but unlike most, I was meaning it. "That's great, it's amazing, your bum looks fabulous.
I was sitting on the floor shooting upwards. I had forgotten all decorum, it didn't seem to matter or have a purpose. My skirt was round my crotch. I was showing all, for I wasn't wearing panties. I glanced at my nipples. I have fairly prominent ones and when hardened with lust they are quite pronounced. And right now as I stared at his pose they were very, very pronounced indeed.
It was THE pose. It was THE shot, the ultimate shot. The shot that reaked of heterosexuality, but hinted of bi or homosexuality. The pose that would make women wet their knickers, as I realised I would have been, had I been wearing them, and men strain in their pants.
"God Stuart that is fantastic," I murmured looking in my viewfinder. I saw the outline of both cheeks, the brightly lit, deep crease between them, the puckered, brownish skin around his hole, the patch of skin between that and the wonderful sight of his dangling scrotum.
I hadn't expected to get that shot until well into the session. To get it after merely five minutes was so gratifying.
But what was the effect on him? Was he comfortable, worried, concerned or excited? We hadn't spoken all this time. Was the situation disturbing him, making him feel guilt or remorse?
I knelt again. The tightness of the denim micro meant that as I raised myself up, that didn't slide down over my hips. My lightly trimmed pubis would be uncovered and I knew the lips of my pussy would be glistening and, of course, my nipples would be pulsating through the pink top.
I suppose I should have pulled the skirt down, covered myself, hid my most womanly place. Maybe I should have, but I didn't. I wanted to share this momentous occasion with Stuart, be part of his awakening to the joys, pleasures and sheer unadulterated excitement of exhibiting his body to the ever-watchful lens of the camera.
Pointing the camera at him, but holding it down beneath my breasts I whispered, huskily.
"Stuart, do you want to turn round for me now?"
Despite my posing, despite providing extras for the punters, despite my lesbian fling with Stephanie and my two-year affair with the forty two year-old I don't think, I had ever been in such an erotic situation. As Stuart turned, it was as if he was presenting his erection to me and my camera. Just as he had presented the cheeks of his bum, the crease between them, his anal hole and dangling scrotum to me on his cam. There certainly was three in this relationship and, without doubt, it was an awesome threesome; Stuart, me and the Canon! We were all sharing the erection just as we had shared those other such intimate parts of his body.
The feelings that roared through me as I met his eyes, as I gazed at his gorgeously, swollen erection were enormous. So powerful, but made more so when I saw him looking at where my skirt was bunched round my hips. As he stared at my hardened nipples, my trimmed pubis and swollen, pink, glistening lips, the sensations were like nothing I had felt before. We were taking erotica, sex and sexuality to a plane I didn't even know existed, let alone had experienced. It was beyond oral, beyond caressing, beyond, even, fucking.
I was photographing on auto-pilot. My body was arranging the shots not my mind. I was shooting from my cunt not my brain. And of course, it was his unabashed rampantness and the wonderful look on his face that was the focus of the shots. The juxta positioning of the glazed look in his eyes with the super hardness of his swollen cock, was certainly making for magnificent photos.
Almost as if from afar, I heard him saying. "What do you want me to do now Zoe?
I needed more. He wanted more. We had to have more, all three of us.
I was so awfully aroused. But not to be shagged. That act almost seemed irrelevant to what we were creating. We had gone beyond that. Penetration was not for now; maybe later. But until we explored fully the phenomena of what we were doing having an, almost certain, quick, fumbling and, probably due to it being the first time slightly unsatisfactory, fuck was not the answer.
Me showing myself to him, though, was part of the answer, I felt. My entire being told me that. It stressed that exposing ourselves to each other us was required, no was crucial. It screamed loudly that my bared breasts, my exposed belly and my gaping cunt were the next critical and absolutely essential stages in this incredible dance of adventurous passion and erotic exploration.
I stood up. Neither of us spoke. Somehow, we were communicating with our bodies, our nakedness and the obvious signs of our individual and collective arousal.
With my skirt bunched round my waist, I quickly slipped the top off, showing him my breasts and pounding nipples. As good as naked, I looked at him. His eyes showed pleasure, admiration for my body, just as mine were showing excitement and understanding for his. In most settings when a girl strips naked with a man it is a prelude to them screwing. In this setting it was a prelude to us going well beyond that.
We looked at each other, admiringly, pleasurably and wonderingly. Where were we going? What would we do? I remembered he had asked me a question and felt I should reply.
"Lay on your back on the floor, open your legs slightly and gently rest your fingers on that gorgeous cock, Stuart."
"Oh yes Zoe, yes," he said, so wonderfully enthusiastic and keen to please me.
He looked good, I had posed him well. I took a few shots from different angles moving around but circling closer and closer. Stuart's eyes never left the camera and me for a second. He was an excellent model.
I gradually got nearer and nearer to him, all the time shooting away taking shot after shot of his hand that was slowly moving up and down the length of his erection.
"Stroke it for me," I said on one occasion shooting up his body from where I was kneeling by his feet.
"Grip it as if you were about to wank," I said croakingly as I lay beside him taking a close up of just his hand holding his cock as he slowly pumped it.
I edged closer, shooting all the time. I was standing, my feet were touching his as I took some downward shots.
"Close your legs and your eyes, Stuart," I whispered, taking a small step forward so that my right ankle was just touching his left one. Still shooting I eased my way further forward, my feet either side of his body.
Further and further, now bending at the waist, now opening my legs wider. I moved up more, more, nearer and nearer to him, nearer and nearer to his cock. It had become a magnet for me, it was no longer his cock, but ours, all three of us owned that cock.
I was shooting downwards, down my body, but capturing my knees in the shots. We were sharing the photos, we were combining, and we were becoming one. Then I was straddling him, with my feet either side of his chest, my knees bent, my thighs parted, my tits dangling and my pussy gaping I croaked.
"Open your eyes Stuart; you can look at me now."
Exhibitionists revel in being admired. We get off on the approval of others. In my new role as a fully paid up member of the extreme exhibitionist party, I needed that, after all why flash if you get no feedback? The feedback, the admiration and the approval I saw in his eyes as he looked up at me, more than satisfied my exhibitionistic needs.
But then of course, my micro skirt was bunched round my hips, I wasn't wearing panties and my lower body was no more than a meter from his face. That meant that when he opened his eyes, his gaze would have only one place to focus upon, one view to take in, one scene to review, my cunt. My exposed, open wet and aching cunt.
"Oh God Zoe, that's beautiful," he groaned so very obviously staring at it.
"You like that?"
"Yes it's beautiful," he said ticking all the right boxes for my exhibitionistic needs, but inevitably, I suppose going too far.
He reached out and ran his hand up my thigh nearly reaching my wetness. I didn't want that. This was different. It wasn't typical, normal run of the mill sex. I didn't want him groping me. I didn't want to touch him, well not yet at least. Maybe another time when we had forged this new style sexual relationship, we could fondle and caress each other and maybe then have traditional sex. But not now, not yet, not at this session.
*
I hadn't meant to have sex with him. I hadn't meant to, but had realised there was the possibility. That possibility, I had come to realise, always exists between a model and the photographer. After all, being naked, simulating sexual delights in a studio with just one other person and a camera is so intimate that it is not surprising if there is some physical attraction between the couple. It had happened before when posing for strangers, so the likelihood of it happening with Stuart was, I felt, quite high. So far, I had not been wrong
However, I had imagined completing the shoot first, possibly even waiting until the second or third shoot. It had not entered my thinking that it could be so soon. Not once had I imagined myself being fully naked with him after less than thirty minutes. Never had I thought I would be straddling his erect cock, taking shots of him holding and rubbing it so soon into the session. And, of course, my conjecturing had not extended to Stuart staring at my soaking wet cunt less than an hour after we had met.
That is what he and I were doing, though. And it was lovely, he was lovely his cock and his gaze were lovely and the feelings in my breasts and clit were lovely. And it would have been lovely to go further and fondle and suck each other. Lovely, but inappropriate at the moment.
It was not the time for touching; we had not reached that sort of physical level yet. I was not ready to receive him into my body. We were still exploring and extending our sexually emotional levels. We were on a sort of spiritual plane where we were adventuring with our minds. The use of our hands on the other's body seemed, almost tacky, I suppose. And for sure, we were not yet attuned to having a fuck.
I moved away, taking my pussy from his reach and his gaze.
I leaned over and pressed my fingertips against his lips.
"Not now, Stuart," I whispered.
"No, why?" He said clearly so disappointed. "You didn't like it?"
I sat down beside him.
"I loved it Stuart, but it's not time for that. Not yet."
Stuart sat up and leaned back against a chair. His cock was still splendidly hard and fully erect, soaring up his, almost, flat belly. He looked awesome and incredibly fuckable.
"What then, more photos?"
"No."
"Why not, why no?"
"I can't now."
"When then?"
"Soon Stuart, soon," I whispered slightly moving my position. His eyes went to my legs.
"Of us Zoe, will you take some of us?"
"Yes, yes I will Stuart, I promise," I panted as I wiggled my bottom on the floor. I was so worked up, so excited, so aroused and so keen to take this further. He was still holding his cock, occasionally gently stroking it.
"So now Zoe. What?"
I looked right into his eyes. I flickered my gaze down to where he was stroking himself and then back to his eyes. I eased myself slightly onto my left side, my left knee pointing directly at his face. I held his gaze as slowly and softly I said.
"This Stuart." As I raised my right leg, parting my thighs and showing him the fullness of the blood engorged lips of my vagina.
"I want us to cum without touching each other and without touching ourselves."Do you think you can cum Stuart just by looking at my cunt?"
"Er, I don't know Zoe, I've never tried?"
"Stay right there," I said getting up and walking over to the desk. I set the camera and pc onto download and fiddled around with the controls. The plasmas lit up. I set the controls to medium speed film show and the folders to Stuart 1, 2 and 3, Susie 1 and Zoe 'portfolio' that was the folder of shots I sent out to prospective clients. I dimmed the lights and hit the stereo that I had forgotten about earlier. Enigma filled the room with their weird, sexually biased Gregorian type chanting.
In the dim light, with the plasma flickering into life and the evocative music filling the room I walked back to where Stuart was sitting on the floor. I stood beside him, one foot pressing against the side of his chest.
"Take my skirt off Stuart," I said rather sternly.
"Yes Zoe," he replied, reaching up and touching my leg.
"Just the skirt, no touching."
I was sending him a message, creating an atmosphere. Telling him clearly what the meeting was about; showing what was on the agenda. Letting him know that I was prepared to show and silently asking "Was he?"
He fumbled around finding the brass buttons and fiddling them through the worn buttonholes on the front of the denim skirt. At last, he got that down and slid the tiny garment from me.
"Oh Zoe, you're fantastic," he groaned, once more reaching out to touch me.
"No Stuart, this is special, sex without penetration or physical contact. I want us to cum like that."
As my skirt fell to the floor, I stepped out of it and pressed the start button on the remote control. A shot of him lying on his back, his fingers touching his cock filled the screen. It was followed by a close-up of Susie's lips.' "Who's that is it you?" He gasped his eyes staring at the massive picture of a 'woman's glory.'
"It doesn't matter." I replied leaving it unsaid as to whose pussy was dominating the screens, but probably letting him think it was mine.
I lay beside him, and then moved so we were opposite each other staring at each other's glorious nudity. We could both see the screens. Shot after shot of Stuart, me and Susie's pussy slowly faded on and then off the screen as we listened to the mystical music.
All of our senses were being stimulated: the sound of the music, the sight of each other and the images on the plasmas, the musky smell of my sexual juices and your precum and the feel of our bare skin against the floor and the chairs.
We were staring at each other and then looking at ourselves and Susie on the screens. We didn't speak, words were superfluous. All that was relevant was us, our bodies; Stuart's cock and balls, my tits and my cunt.
"Can we do it Stuart?"
"I don't know," he replied. "I might need some help. How about you."
"I can do it, I am sure I can make myself cum without penetration or being touched or touching myself," I replied honestly.
I really do believe that women, particularly, have the emotional power to induce an orgasm by the power of their erotic thinking. I was not so sure about men.
I could certainly feel it building up in me, the tingling, the little shock-waves of sensation, the slight shudders and the fullness in my breasts. The heat and the sensations, a bit like pins and needles, were oozing from my clit, through my tummy, up my chest, into my breasts to fill and sensitise my nipples that I feared might burst.
"It's happening, Stuart," I moaned. "I'm starting."
"I can feel it but I need more," he replied.
I realised that he wouldn't be able to achieve what I could, men can't, men don't have the powers, the controls or the feelings we do, poor souls.
"Come and kneel here," I told him nodding at the floor near me.
He looked so masculine, so rampant, beautiful even and very, very available.
"I'm sorry Zoe."
I smiled at him. "There's no need to say sorry, it's fine."
"Thank you Zoe; what do you want me to do now?"
I suddenly had this strong urge to feel it. I wanted his cock. Not in me, not yet, but I wanted to touch it, hold it and stroke it.
"Straddle me Stuart; kneel across me, across my waist."
I was lying on my back my shoulders propped up against a sofa that was used as a prop. Stuart did as I asked. His awesome cock was just inches from my face. It was rearing, rampantly up his, almost, flat, slightly hairy stomach. The bulbous head was glistening, presumably with his precum. I almost gave in. I nearly lost my resistance, I almost said. 'Put it in me, get your cock up me, slip it in my cunt and fuck me' but I didn't.
"May I kiss you or touch you Zoe?"
"No, not now, not yet."
"Ok."
"But I will you Stuart; you need some help don't you?" I asked looking from his erection to his eyes.
"Yes Zoe, sorry."
"Never mind," I said thickly reaching out.
I ran the back of my fingernails from the base of his cock to the tip, then back again. I turned my fingers round and repeated that movement, but with my fingertips.
"Nice, Stuart?" I asked as even more sensations flooded my body. His cock did feel good.
"Oh yes. Wonderful, please let me touch you Zoe."
"I said no," I replied sharply.
"Sorry."
I took it in my hand, gripping it gently. It was so hard and warm. I took it in both hands. I could feel the throbbing from that ridge running up the back. Holding it was even better than gently stroking it. I pumped it a few times. He responded by thrusting back, gently and slowly. He was starting to fuck my hand and that was lovely.
My body was aflame with the sensations searing through every sinew. I was on fire, everywhere. I was shuddering and tingling, almost convulsing. I was doing it, it was happening. I was making myself cum without any penetration or other stimulation, other than the cock I was holding in my hands.
"I'm cumming Stuart," I moaned lifting my bottom off the floor.
"Oh yes Zoe."
"You're making me cum without touching me, or fucking me."
It was hard to breath. My eyes were closed, my mouth was open, I was gasping, moaning, grunting and groaning as I thrust my pussy against nothing other than an imaginary cock that was now starting to fuck me. But it wasn't Stuart's cock, for I was holding that. I was caressing it, adoring it and loving it as I slowly and very deliberately, somehow, fucked his cock with the surrogate cunt I was forming with my hands. I could feel he was near.
"Oh Zoe I am cumming," he moaned.
"Yes Stuart I know, so am I?"
"What do I do?"
"What do you mean?"
"I want to cum, I need to."
"Then cum Stuart"
"Where Zoe? Where can I cum?"
"Anywhere Stu, you can cum anywhere."
"Oh God, on you, can I cum on you?."
"Yes."
"Where?"
"Do you want to cum on my tits? On my face?" I asked feeling the extreme straining in his cock.
"Yes," he croaked.
"On my tummy?"
"Yes."
"On my bum Stuart, do you want to cum there?" I asked slowing my strokes of his cock, but making them longer. He thrust himself deep into and out of my hands.
"Oh yes, anywhere Zoe."
As my orgasm simply exploded, I rubbed his cock harder. I lifted myself up a little. I offered my chest to him and then watched as stream after stream of cum shot from his cock and splattered on my tits and face.