I work with a woman named Dana. Gorgeous! Close to six feet tall. Long blonde hair that ran down to the middle of her back and wrapped around a thin, friendly face. Piercing blue eyes and ruby red lips. Her curves would make a great road course. 36-24-34. Long, long legs. And every inch tanned to perfection. Her smile and laugh lit up any room when you were lucky enough to be there. She was also painfully shy. She was a wallflower. You could usually find her standing next to a wall unless she was in a very small group of very good friends. Once you cracked through that wall, you found the true Dana. She was also, for lack of a better term, a people pleaser. Not so much because she wanted to do whatever was asked of her, but because she didn't like conflict of any kind. I never saw her say no to anyone.
And dumber than a box of rocks.
I was one of the few males that had managed to break through that wall and get to know her. At least a little. I was easily 15 years her senior. She'd never been married as far as I knew. Heck, for all I knew, she'd never had a boyfriend. She'd traveled the world with her parents as a child. We would chat and small talk. Occasionally we would come as close to playfully flirting with each other without flirting. I think she felt safe with me because of our age difference.
A couple of weeks ago she asked my son and I to install some flooring in the home she had just purchased. That wound up turning into her first DP. Then, the other day, she approached me again.
"You and Matt did such a great job on my floors! Would you be interested in doing another project for me?" She was quite sincere when she asked as if nothing had happened the last time we did work for her.
I shrugged my shoulders. "Sure. Whatcha got in mind?"
"Well, I'd like to build a deck off the back of the house. I got a couple of quotes and, my goodness, they were so expensive! What do you think you would charge me to build the deck?"
"Same deal as last time. You pay for the materials and throw some Dr. Peppers and Coke Zeroes at us and we're square." We both laughed.
"That'd be great! Do you think you could come over this weekend?"
"I'll check with Matt, but it shouldn't be a problem."
She clapped her hands like a little school girl. "Oh good! Ya know, if you brought another person to help, it might get done even quicker."
Is she asking for a gangbang? Or is she really that clueless?"Uh, yeah, sure, that's a good idea. I might be able to find someone else who would be willing to help."
*****
When I asked Matt, he was perturbed that I was asking him to work on a day off until I told him who it was for. Then he was all in. I also asked a couple of buddies if they'd be interested in helping out. I reminded them they owed me a favor, so they both begrudgingly agreed. I told them if my hunch was right, they wouldn't be disappointed.
*****
Saturday morning we all rolled into Dana's driveway. Luckily, I had hedged my bets the night before and loaded all of the tools I thought I was going to need because, son of a bitch if there wasn't a pile of treated lumber in her driveway. Fuck! She really does want a deck built! My heart sank.
She greeted us at the door with a bright smile. "High, Mark! High, Matt!" Then she realized there were not one, but two strangers in her presence. Her shyness immediately kicked in. "Oh, um, you brought, uh, two friends. Yeah, well, that's good, I guess. You'll be able to finish, you know, that much, uh, quicker." She looked down at the ground and held out her hand. "Hello, I'm, uh, Dana."
"Hi, Dana! I'm Steve."
"Hey, Dana. Dan." We all watched her tits shake under her white tshirt when they shook hands.
"Well, uh, come in and I'll, um, show you where the, uh, deck is going to go."
We watched her ass covered in pink sweatpants while her bare feet tapped across the flooring we had installed to the back of the house.
The four of us started to haul the lumber from the driveway to the back of the house.
Steve slapped me on the shoulder. "Fuck, man! Did you see that rack?!"
I frowned at him. "No, Steve, I never noticed her fabulous fucking tits," I said sarcastically.
"And that ass!" Dan chimed in. "What I wouldn't give to slap that ass!"
Matt piped up. "Oh, man, you have no idea," he said with a chuckle. I furrowed my brow and tried to shake my head without the other two guys seeing. Matt, having received that "knock it off" look more than once growing up, knew exactly what I was telling him.
"Really? Like how?!" Dan asked excitedly.
Matt stumbled for an answer. "Oh, uh, well, you know? When Dad I were here a couple of weeks ago, you know...uh, yeah, she's just super nice."
A couple of hours went by. We were making good progress on the wooden structure when Dana appeared. All work stopped.
"Wow! That looks fantastic!" Stunned silence. "Y'all want something to drink?"
"Yeah, sure!" "Yes, please!" "Awesome! Thank you!" "Oh yeah! Thanks!"
She handed us our beverages while we all tried not to stare at the vision before us. Her tan, fit body was on full display. She was wearing a frilly white cover up that reached mid-thigh that didn't do a very good job of covering the teeny, tiny burnt orange bikini she was wearing underneath.
There was awkward silence other than the "pppssshhh" sound of four cans opening. She gleefully watched us take our first gulps of the cold liquid, feeling like she had satisfied our thirst. Little did she know that we were thirsting something more.
Finally she asked, "Say, would you guys, uh, mind me, you know, laying out in the, uh, backyard? It's such a beautiful day out. I hate to, you know, waste it inside."
A chorus of "Noooooooo" filled the air.
"Oh good! Thank you! You guys are the best!"
Steve and Dan looked at me with looks that said, "Thank you!"
Dana walked into the middle of her backyard and daintily laid down on the lounge chair. Judging by her dark tan, she used that chair a lot. We all tried not to stare while she slowly rubbed her suntan lotion all over her luscious body. We could've pounded the deck nails with our hard ons. At that point, progress on the deck slowed immensely.
15 minutes later we watched her roll over onto her front, hoping for a wardrobe malfunction. We all bit our lips and tried to breathe when she reached behind her and untied her bikini top. The strings fell to her sides.
"Hey, Mark! Would you come here for a second, please?" she asked.
Yes!"Yup! Be right there!" I had three sets of eyes glaring at me. I simply smiled and said a sarcastic, "Ha haaaa," under my breath.
"Lucky bastard." "Fucker!" "You suck."
I bounded down to where she was laying, hoping she didn't notice the sizeable bulge in my shorts. "What's up?"
She held out a bottle. "Would you mind rubbing this lotion on me, please?" she asked sweetly.
Score!"Yeah, absolutely!" I grabbed the bottle and knelt down beside her. I felt three sets of eyes burning holes in my back. I couldn't wipe the smile off my face. She flinched when the cool liquid landed on her back. "Oooo! Sorry."
She giggled. "It's fine." I started to spread the liquid around her back. "Mmmmmm, that feels nice," she purred.
"Yeah? You like that?"
She nodded her head with her eyes closed. "Mmmmhmmmm." I ran my hands along her sides, making sure to slow as I went across the exposed side boob, with no reaction. I got to her shoulders and began to massage them. "Ohmagawd," she sighed. "That feels so good."
"I've been told I give great back rubs," I said while I squeezed and rubbed her shoulders with my strong, beefy hands.
"Ohhhhhh, you dooooo. Ohmagawd." I felt her melt in my hands. After a few moments, she breathed, "Would you...would you mind doing my legs, please? I don't, you know, want them to burn."
"Oh! Yeah, sorry. Absolutely."
"Mmmmmm, don't be sorry. That was woooooonderful."
I chuckled while I squeezed more of the coconut-smelling goop into my palms. "Maybe I can do it again later."
"Ohmagawd, that would be soooooo amazing."
I slowly began to run my hands down her thighs, across her calves, and around her ankles and feet, and back again. I did the outside, then the inside, then began to rub her feet.
"Ohhhhhhhmagawd," she groaned. "I'm in heaven."
I laughed. "Ha! I'm glad you like it. Everybody deserves a good massage once and awhile."
She sleepily nodded her head. "Mmmmmhmmmm. I may have to have you come over more often just to give me massages," she giggled.
Oh, I'll come over and massage you, alright!I laughed. "Ha! I'd be happy to."
"Mmmmmm, don't tempt me."
I ran my hands back up her thighs. She tensed when I ran my hands across her ass. I slowly rub her cheeks. "You alright? You tensed up there."
"Uh, yeah, mmhmm, I'm...I'm okay."
"We don't want your tushy getting all burnt."
"I-I-I know."
I chuckled. "Don't go gettin' all tense on me. I just got you all loosened up."
She laughed. "I'll try."
I slowly massaged her buttocks, even slipping two fingers of each hand inside the tiny triangle of material. I slowly ran my hands down towards the insides of her thighs. I felt her stop breathing. She moaned when I ran my fingers across her swollen lips. She gasped when my finger slipped through them and left it there.
"Oops. Sorry about that." I lied. I wasn't sorry at all. "You okay?"
"Yes," she squeaked.
I slowly brought my hands back up to the small of her back. She exhaled a deep sigh. I ran them back down, pressing a little harder. I slipped a finger through her puckered rosebud to the first knuckle. She gave a small yelp.
I slid the finger in and out of the hole. "Oops, sorry about that. This lotion is slick, isn't it?"
She clenched her jaw. "Mmmmhmmm."
I withdrew my finger and ran my hands back down into her "V". She stopped breathing again when I slid across her puffy gash. This time I slipped under and flicked at her excited clit. She gave a quiet squeal.
I leaned into her ear. "How about I massage this area for a little bit?"
She squeaked again when I slipped two fingers through her slit. "I...I...what...what if, you know, somebody, uh (gasp) sees?"
"They'll see me applying sun tan lotion, right?"
She nodded her head. "Mmmm...mmmm...uh huh."
I proceeded to slide two fingers in until I was knuckle deep, then bring them out. She was getting puffier and juicer with each glide. It wasn't long before I slipped my slick left hand under her stomach. She actually lifted her body just enough to allow me in. I slid my hand under the triangle of material that covered her private place and found the button I have flipped before. She gave a muted squeal when I swatted at it with my index finger. Now I was attacking her raised bean with one hand while I pumped her snatch with the other.
It wasn't long before I felt her body tense again. This time for a different reason. Her muscles began to contract around my fingers. I pumped them faster. I swatted at her button harder.
I leaned into her again. "You're about to cum, aren't you?"
Her eyes were closed. "Y-y-yes," she whispered.
"You're about to cum with all of these guys around. Doesn't that make you feel naughty?"
She nodded. "Y-y-yes." The last time she and I were together, she blew a complete stranger while I gaped her ass in a parking lot. She wondered then if she might be a closeted exhibitionist. This was doing nothing to dispel that notion.
Her body started to tremble. "Make sure you don't make any noise. You don't want those guys to know, right?"
"Mmmm...mmmmm...mmmmhmmmm."
Trying not to make noise during an orgasm is like trying not to laugh in church. It only makes it worse. Her hands balled into fists. Her feet pointed straight out and toes curled. Her body trembled on the lounge chair. Quite grunts slipped through her clenched jaw. I thoroughly enjoyed the muted show.
The tremors finally ceased. I removed my hands and her body sank into the lounge chair. I held my fingers to her lips. Without even thinking about it, she sucked them in and licked them clean.
"Now we've got another problem," I told her.
For the first time in quite a while, she opened her eyes and looked at me with a quizzical look. "Really? What?" she panted.
I pulled down the front of my shorts, revealing a massive muscle. "This." She gasped. This was the third time she'd seen it. Each time, she was amazed by its size. "I can't go back up there with this."
"Oh my goodness!" She couldn't take her eyes off of it. "What...what...what should we do?"
"Well, you know, you could, you know, suck on it."
She gasped. "What?! Right here?!" I laughed, held my finger to my lips, and shushed her. She covered her mouth and gasped again.
"Sure, right here. My body will shield you. They'll never be the wiser. I mean, look at them. They don't have a clue you just orgasmed."
She looked at the busy bees working away on her deck. "Well, I guess we can try." The truth was, she wanted my cock as badly as I wanted to give it to her.
I scooched over on my knees until I was in front of her face and lifted my butt off of my legs. The tip of my meat was inches away from her lips. She slid over until her face was on the edge of the chair. She raised her arm and grabbed the thick shaft. She could feel my life force pump through the thick veins wrapping around it. We both leaned and met in the middle.
"Oh fuuuuuuuck," I moaned when my bulbous tip slipped through her lips.
At this angle, she couldn't even take half of my girth in. But that was good enough for me. At least, for now. I grabbed the back of her head and held her steady while I gently rocked my hips to and fro.
As expected, all of the guys were keeping an eye on Dana and I while trying to work on the deck. Other than wishing they were the ones rubbing their hands all over her body, they lost interest in watching me lube her up. Now things had changed, especially for Matt. He noticed the change of positions and movements.
Matt stopped what he was doing. "Goddammit! That motherfucker'd better not be..."
Steve and Dan stopped what they were doing. "What? What's going on?" Steve asked.
"Oh, uh, nothing. I gotta go check on something. I'll be right back." Matt climbed off the deck and headed in our direction.
Soon, there was an unexpected presence next to me. "Goddammit, Dad!" Dana quickly recoiled and gasped. "You're supposed to be up there helping with that fucking deck, but you're down here get a blow job. Goddammit!"
I shrugged my shoulders. "Well, you know, one thing led to another..."
"Yeah, yeah, and your dick fell into her mouth. Whatever. I don't wanna hear it." He peeled off his tool belt and yanked down his shorts, revealing an impressive boner. "C'mon, get the fuck up here," Matt said, grabbing Dana's arm and pulling her up. In seconds, she was sitting on the edge of the lounge chair facing us, wearing only her tiny bikini bottoms.
"Wait...wait!" Dana protested, to no use.
Matt grabbed her head and pulled her into his groin. "C'mon, let's go. Show me how you suck dick again." She opened her mouth and took him in. "Ohhhhh fuck yeah! That's the shit right there!"
There we were, father and son standing shoulder to shoulder, with a beautiful woman stroking one cock while sucking the other. With the aid of a hand to the back of her head, soon she was burying her nose into our stomachs and taking us down her throat while we pawed at her globes.
It didn't take long for Dan and Steve to realize neither one of us were coming back any time soon.
"What the fuck are they doing down there?" Steve asked.
"Fuck if I know," Dan replied. "Hey...are their shorts down around their ankles?"
Steve did a double take. "What the fuck?!" They looked at each other, jumped off the half built deck, and rushed to where the apparent action was. Soon they were standing next to Matt. "What the fuck?!" Steve asked in shock.
Dana withdrew and threw her hands over her breasts. "Oh my goodness!"
"Yeah! What the fuck, man?!" Dan asked, looking straight at me.
"What'dya mean 'what the fuck?' What does it look like, dumbass?!" I replied.
"Oh hell no!" Steve shouted. In a flash, his tool belt and shorts were tossed to the side, with Dan's quickly joining them. "Here's where the real fun begins!" He yanked Dana's hand away from her breast and pulled her up. "C'mon, get the fuck up!"
"Wait! Wait! What...what're you doing?!" she protested.
Steve threw himself onto the lounge chair. His impressive pole was pointing straight up. "C'mon, let's go! Climb on!"
She looked at me. "But...but...but I've never, you know, been around, uh, you know, this many thingies before!" Her body grew white hot with these four hammer-hard cocks surrounding and desiring her.
I shrugged my shoulders. "Welcome to your first gangbang, Dana. Hold up, guys. We can stop if you want, Dana."Like fuck we are!The guys looked at me like I'd lost my mind.
Dana looked around. "Well, I, uh..."
I knew Dana was a people-pleaser. She'd do just about anything to avoid conflict or make somebody happy. "But, you know, these guys would be really upset if we stopped now. I mean, look at 'em!" Dana looked at the four missiles pointed in her direction. "What'dya say?"
"Well, I guess, you know, if you guys really want to..." Her body was suddenly craving cock.
"Great!" I said.
Steve rolled his eyes. "Now that we've got that settled...climb aboard the cock train, baby!"
Dan and Matt helped her straddle Steve and the chair until she hovered over him. They held her steady while she lowered herself down and Steve held his staff upright. A chill ran up her spine when his purple tip touched her still-swollen lips. She lowered herself more. The tip slipped through. She lowered herself more. She growled all the way down his pole until she was in his lap.
Steve's hands were on her thighs. "Oh-my-fucking-god she's tight!"
Her hands were on his chest. "Oh my gosh! You're...you're thingy...it...it's so big! It...it's filling up my, you know, place!"
"C'mon, Dana, say it!" I demanded. "Hiscock! Hiscockis splitting yourcunt! Say it!"
The words jarred her. "Yes! Yes!" She took a deep breath. She looked down at Steve. Suddenly, she had fuck-me eyes. "Yourcock...yourcockis so big! It...it's filling my...mycuntup so much!"
Dan put his hands on her shoulders. "You ain't seen nothin' yet! Bend the fuck over!"
"Wait! What?!" she asked as she fell onto Steve. She jumped when Dan touched her ass. She barked when a finger slipped past her sphincter.
He looked at Matt and I with a smile. "Fuck, man, she's already greased up!" He slid over Steve's legs and touched his tip to her quivering back door.
"Oh! Oh my goodness!" Dana yelped.
Dan fell forward. He slipped through her gate with ease. "Ohhhhhh fuuuuuuck!" he groaned.
Dana's head flew back. "Ohmagawd!"
Matt smiled. "Fuckin' tight, ain't she?"
"Ohmygawd, it's like she's sucking me in!" Dan announced.
"His...his...thing...cock! Their cocks are splitting me in two!"
Soon, Dana's body was rocking back and forth with each thrust of Steve and Dan's bodies. Steve sucked in an erect, gumdrop-sized nipple each time one slid across his face.
I looked at Matt. "This is bullshit."
"Yeah it is!"
I walked to the front. "Open wide, Dana." Without a second thought, she did as asked and I was gliding in and out of her throat with my hands on the back of her head.
Matt slapped Dan on his hip. "Hey! Slide the fuck over, fucker!"
Dan looked at him half pissed and half confused. "What?!"
"You heard me. Slide the fuck over!"
Then it hit Dan. "Oh-ho-ho no! I ain't done that shit! Oh-ho-ho-ho!"
He regretfully pulled out of Dana's heart-shaped ass and repositioned himself. Matt and Dan quickly found themselves between Dana's spread legs, with one knee on the chair and a foot planted on the ground. Dana moaned when Dan slid back into her. Her eyes flew wide open when she felt a second object touching her back door.
"Mmmmmffffffggggg! Mmmmmffffffgggghhhh!" she gurgled.
Dan and Matt both moaned at the same time, "Fuuuuuuuuuuck!" Dana gave a low, muffled, animalistic growl when the two cocks slid into her ass.
The backyard was quickly filled with moans, groans, and cursing of the heavens. If a neighbor had peaked over the fence, they wouldn't even have known Dana was back there since she was surrounded by four pumping bodies.
Because Dana had me worked up into a lather before everybody else joined in, I was the first to go. I grabbed the back of her head and threw myself into her face. My balls bounced off her chin violently.
"That's it! C'mon! Take it, you fuckin' slut! Goddamn, you suck dick like a pro! That's it! Take it! Take it! Oh fuck! Gggggaaaaaahhhhhh!"
She felt me throb deep in her throat. Each throb sent a fresh dose of protein down the back of her throat. For a moment she forgot she had four cocks pounding on her body. All she could think of was trying to breath. Her airways were full of cock and cum. Just when the green grass was starting to go dark, I pulled out of her face.
I shook my wand at her, sending droplets of white across her face, then backed away. "Fuck me," I panted and pulled up my shorts. I stepped back, pulled out my phone, and hit record.
As soon as I pulled out of her face, Dana looked over her shoulder. "Ohmagawd! Don't stop! Don't you dare stop!" Her body started to tremble. Her holes clamped down on their insertions.
Steve released the nipple from his mouth. "Jesus Christ! Her cunt is like a vise grip!"
Dan laughed. "Ha! We're wrecking her fucking tight little ass back here!"
Matt grimaced. "Fuck me! She's squeezing so hard! I don't know how much longer I can last!"
Dana's grip on the edge of lounge chair grew tighter. She could feel the freight trains running up her thighs. Her head flew backwards. Her back arched. "Ohmagawd! You're gonna...you're gonna...ohmagawd! Ohmagawwwdddddd!"
Her body began to spasm out of control. The trains collided at her "V". She was having her second orgasm of the day in her backyard, this one far more explosive than the first. A stampede of thunder and lightning tore through her long, lithe body. She cheered the three cocks on while begging the heavens for mercy.
"Fuck!" Matt shouted. He pulled out of her ass, squeezed his hose, and moved around to the front. While she was still in the throes of a massive orgasm, Matt grabbed her by the hair and lifted her head. He pointed his nozzle at her face and stroked it like a man possessed. "Here you go! I've got something for you!"
"G-g-g-ive it to me! Give it...to...me!" she stammered. She opened her mouth and held out her tongue.
"Cumming! Cumming! Fuck!" Matt's body jerked. The first spurt slid across her cheek and crashed into her long, blonde hair. A second spurt landed on the bridge of her nose. Matt readjusted his aim. Two more spits landed on her tongue. Just before she closed her mouth, he jammed his pulsing muscle through her lips and stuffed it down her throat, sending more thick spunk down her gullet. She had never been facialized before. The feeling of the goop running down her nose and check only elongated her mind numbing orgasm.
"Oh, fuck! I'm done! Her ass is too much! Oh shit! Oh shit! Gggggrrrrrrrr!" While Matt still had Dana's throat plugged, Dan growled and pulled out of her gaped ass. A rope shot over her toned ass. It rainbowed over her back and splashed between her shoulder blades. He pumped his rifle, shooting several more bullets. They pooled in the small of her back and sprinkled her ass. When he had emptied his clip, he slapped his weapon on her ass three times, sending droplets up her back, then pulled back. "Jesus Christ," he sighed.
Matt and Dan joined me at my side to watch the last two contestants battle to the end.
Dana looked down onto Steve's contorted face while she twerked in his lap. "C'mon, you fat cocked bastard! What've you got? What've you got, huh?"
Steve was grabbing her ass and thrusting his hips. He looked back at her with an evil stare. "Oh-ho-ho, you've asked for it now, you fucking cunt bitch! Roll over! Roll the fuck over!"
Steve wrapped his arms around her and in a very slick, coordinated effort, threw her onto the lounge chair on her back and stood up. He duck stepped up until his glistening tool hovered over her. She barked when he roughly palmed a fleshy globe and manhandled it while he stroked his pole.
He glared down at her. "I'm gonna paint these motherfuckers white! You ready for that, cunt?!
She cupped his balls with one hand and petted her still-twitching gash with the other. "C'mon, big boy, show me what you've got! C'mon, I wanna see it!"
Steve's body started to stutter. "Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh fuck! Mmmmmyeah! Here it comes! Oh yeah! Oh ggggggaaaaahhhhhhh!"
A thick, white rope shot out of him like it had been shot out of a canon! It crashed onto the underside of a fleshy mound and splashed across her chest. A second thick string arched over her globes and crashed onto her throat, coating it in white. It was like watching a classic porn movie. More and more goop poured out. By the time Steve was done, he had glazed the better portion of her upper torso. He shook his snake at her, sending dots of white across her face.
He leaned forward and stuffed his rod into her mouth. "Suck it dry, you fuckin' whore cunt," he hissed while he fucked her throat. She coughed and gagged while she pushed back on his thrusting hips.
He finally pulled out with a pop. She winced when he slapped her cheek with his thick bat. He finally climbed off of her. He looked at us with a wicked, satisfied grin. "That bitch can fuck."
Dana could only lay on the chair. She looked like a rag doll who had been played with too much. Her luscious body was coated with cum and sweat. Her fabulous chest heaved while she tried to catch her breath.
She stared at the sky. "Ohmagawd," she puffed.
The four of us high-fived each other and walked back to the house. All three asked for copies of the video I shot. Soon the air was filled with the sound of saws and hammers again.
20 minutes later, Dana lifted her tired, cum-stained body out of the sticky lounge chair and staggered back into the house. The four of us guys smiled at each other, chuckled, and talked about how we wrecked every hole on her body when she passed by.
A few hours later, just as we were putting the finishing touches on her new deck, the sliding glass doors opened and Dana appeared. She looked fresh as a daisy and was beaming ear to ear. Her hair was pulled back in a pony tail and tucked into a baseball cap. She was wearing a pink spandex bra and black shorts that left little to the imagination, not that we didn't already know what was underneath.
"Wow! That looks great!" she said as if we hadn't just fucked her brains out earlier in the day, like nothing had happened. "How about if I reward your hard work with some pizza? Want me to order some pizza? What do you like on your pizza?" she asked with childlike glee. I was thinking the blow job I'd gotten earlier was reward enough. But, hey, who was I to turn down free pizza?
The five of us sat out on her new deck as the day began to cool and the sun began to set, enjoying pizza and cold beverages. We chit chatted, joked, and laughed as if we hadn't just enjoyed a huge gangbang complete with double anal and body painting. I could see the other guys had bulges in their pants the entire time. I'm sure they were thinking they'd get another crack at her sweet body. I wondered if she even noticed the tents they were pitching. I doubted it. She was so unaware of her surroundings, so clueless.
When the pizza was gone, we reluctantly cleaned up our mess and loaded our tools back into the vehicles. Matt, Steve, and Dan drove home remembering the events of the day and wondering if they'd ever see her again. I drove home knowing I'd see her at the office Monday morning and get to relive the events of the day thanks to modern technology as soon as I got home.
Life is good.