Ginger
Before Sam passed away we used to play strip gin. It was real simple and just a way to add a little variety in our rather dull lives. For non-gin players the game is not hard to play. Basically each player gets a hand dealt to them and then taking turns each player picks a card from a pile that is face down or can draw the top card from a discard pile. The object is to have sets or runs in your hand. When a player has a complete hand of runs or sets they can knock and the other player gets one more turn or if you feel that your hand is more complete than the other player you can knock and after the other players gets their last turn the hands are compared and the person with less counters wins the hand.
What made the game fun was that the person that lost a hand had to remove an article of clothing. At some point one person or the other would be naked and of course that's when the real fun would began because if you didn't have clothing to forfeit you have to do whatever the winner decided. Sometimes it was to make the loser do the daily chores in the nude. Like do the dishes, clean a bathroom or vacuum the living room rug.
Sometimes it was just to create humiliation. Cook the next meal and serve it without any clothes on. Being a less the competent cook I never made Sam cook. Instead I would make him do a sexual chore. It was fun to have him lay back and masturbate and then clean himself with his fingers and then suck his fingers clean. He didn't like to do that so it was a special thing I would make him do. Of maybe I would make him lick and suck me to an orgasm and not let him have one. Of course after he lost, he would want another game real soon so he could get his revenge.
His idea of revenge usually didn't upset me. If he won would want a blow job. Which I in fact enjoyed giving. It was the times he would tell me I had to hold his load in my mouth, open my mouth and show him and then let it dribble out down across my chin on to my tits. For some reason he knew I didn't like that. I would rather swallow. Luckily I was a better player or maybe luckier.
Then Sam passed away. It was terrible. We had been married for over thirty years. It took a few years before I was mostly over my grief. I was fortunate enough that we had good investments and a healthy bank account and great life insurance that I was able to be comfortable. At least from money stand point. Our kids convinced me to sell the house and move into an upscale apartment building. There was no worry over the yard being kept up or shoveling snow. After getting settled in I enjoyed the freedom.
Except for the lack of sex, of course I wasn't getting any loving since Sam passed anyway, so I guess that didn't change much. Watching a ladies talk show on afternoon they had a conversation about adult toys with a display of all kinds of things. I had could not believe some of the things they had. I mean I knew about dildos and vibrators. Everyone knew about those things, didn't they? She had an almost endless supply of things. What I think were normal size dildos, oversize ones and skinny ones. The host asked about the skinny ones and the lady said they were designed for rear entry. Not understanding the host she looked at her funny until it dawned on her where rear entry was. I was several beats behind her when I made the connection. That rear entry, Sam and I had never gone down that road. Then there were some many different types of vibrators. Hard plastic ones and soft life like ones. Some had a bump on the shaft which the demonstrator explained would massage that special place on a woman while it filled her up. That seemed like a great idea to me. This bump would rotate or vibrate and it could be set for different speeds just like the other part. They even have little vacuum machines that will cover the ladies special button and suck. She claimed it was just like having a lover down there doing it. And what really surprised me was a modeling kit. You get your man hard, coat his penis with some oil, cover it with this special material and wait for a bit. Take the hardened stuff and send it in to the company. And in a week or two you get your own dildo that is a replicate of your man. There are hard ones or you can get soft live like ones, your choice.
It was all very interesting, but who would want those things. Me I guess, I did order several of those adult toys, will maybe more than several. The soft dido fascinated me. So did the one with what they called ears. Not having a man anymore I passed on the kit. The vacuum device was a great idea and she promised complete satisfaction. Oh yes, I also thought I might try the skinny thing. The host and demonstrator had gotten into a big discussion about it.
It took over a week before my order arrived. I was beginning to think I had been ripped off. But was I ever surprised when I tried out each and every toy. The soft dildo was kind of cold at first, but when it warmed up it was great. Next time I'll soak it in warm water first. When I tried the one with the ears I loved it on my pleasure button. The way the shaft rotated as the ears vibrated was out of this world. The hard dildo was a disappointment. Nothing special it just filled the hole. Did I mention that I had ordered some personal lubricant? That stuff is wonderful. Especially when I used the skinny thing back there, you know, back there. It took me over a week before I had enough courage to use the vacuum. Oh boy, am I ever stupid. It is one of the greatest inventions ever. With the warmed up soft dido up inside and the vacuum doing its thing I couldn't believe it. If it wasn't for the desire to have babies men would become obsolete.
I was perfectly happy with my toys for a year or so. Then a nice young man moved in across the hall from me. Tall, good looking, athletic body, well what I could see of any way. He was very shy and I never saw a lady companion with him. Maybe he's gay was my first thought but then no male friends showed up either. We would meet in the hallway sometimes and talk. After getting to know me a little he wasn't so shy. I learned he was a software developer and computer geek.
And that's when it got interesting. My laptop was acting funny. It would freeze up and I would have to hold down the power button to turn it off and then turn it back on and sometimes I would have to do it more than ounce. I was complaining to Brett about it as he was carrying my groceries down the hall. Being a gentleman he offered to look at it if I wanted. I was so grateful. It took him all of twenty minute and he thought it was all set. This is where it got weird. I offered him a cup of coffee and a slice of fresh baked apple pie. He asked if he could use my bathroom first. Of course I told him to go ahead. What I had forgotten was some of my toys were on the sink counter drying from the night before.
Being a gentleman Brett didn't say a word when he came out but was his face ever red. "Maybe I should go home. I just remembered something I have to do." Then I remembered what was in the bathroom. Now it was my face that turned red. I was so embarrassed. As Brett passed by me I noticed an interesting bulge in his trousers. As he disappeared out the door I decided that maybe I should get to know him better. What was I thinking; he's just a kid, barely older than my youngest. But there was a stirring inside me.
It took a week before I saw Brett again. I was coming home from playing golf and he was just leaving. Before he could say or do anything I asked him if he would please come in for just a minute. I could tell he wasn't happy with the idea but couldn't come up with an excuse not to. I was going to take the bull by the horns so to speak. "I'm so very sorry that you had to see what I had on display in the bathroom the other day. It was my entire fault for leaving that stuff out there. I should have put it away that morning. Can you please forget it happened?" He nodded yes. But I felt more was needed so I kept going. "Like everyone else I have needs and those things help satisfy some of those needs. Can you understand that?" Again he nodded yes and told me it was just a surprise and that I shouldn't feel badly about it. I offered him the coffee and pie he missed before and he agreed it was a good idea. As he left later in the afternoon my mind began to work.
Gin, would Brett like to learn to play gin? The next day I called him and invited him over for a home cooked meal the next night. He said he was sorry but he needed to work that night because he was doing a software update, whatever that was. After talking it over we ended up with him coming over three nights later. Homemade spaghetti and salad and garlic bread and a pecan pie for dessert. Over brandy slush we sat in the living room and talked. Brett was on the couch and me in my easy chair. I managed to open my legs a little without appearing to be too oblivious. Letting Brett get a peek at my panties was just the beginning of my masterplan. I noticed a slight bulge in his pants so it must be working a little.
Step two was asking him if he played gin. Confessing he had heard it was a fun card game but had never played it. So I offered to teach it to him sometime. Sometime it turned out to be right now. Getting the cards took me only a minute. I gave him a quick rundown on the object of the game and the rules. When he agreed that things seemed plain enough we agreed to play a couple of practice hands. We would lay the cards out on the coffee table so he could see some strategy. Then we played a few hands. After a bit of playing it appeared Brett had mastered the game and had won two hands out of the last six.
It was getting late and Brett yawned and said it was time to head back to his apartment. But I knew he was hooked when he asked if we could play again sometime. Not trying to be too eager I agreed to do it again the coming Friday. Only after finding out he had no big date and no girlfriend at the time. In my mind I'm thinking 'yes' I can do this guy with a clear conscience. Did I mention my toys were great but a real warm body with a real working penis was way better than a plastic one, even if it had vibrating ears?
For the next three weeks we played gin on Friday nights. I figured it was time to up the level of play so to speak. I mentioned it was kind of boring just playing. Maybe we should up the stakes a little. Brett quickly told me he was real short on money. It seems he employer was in trouble and everyone had just taken a pay cut and on top of that he was still paying off his student loans. "So if you want to play for cash I am going to have to forget it."
So I asked, "How about if we play for other stakes." He responded with, "What wooden matches? There wouldn't be much fun." That's when lowered my idea. I'll bet you my blouse against your shirt that I win the next hand." His face was through a bunch of contortions, the last being surprise. "You want to play for clothes?" I taunted him with, "Are you scared to show me your chest? What kind of man are you?"
"I'm the kind of man that would be willing to take the shirt off your back by my skillful card skills." And so the game began, well not really. I kind of didn't play real well. It cost me my blouse. Brett's eyes were stuck on the semi-transparent bra that I had picked out for tonight's game. Actually I had been wearing this bra for the last three weeks hoping we would get to this stage. I asked him for a rematch. "If I win you lose your shirt okay?"
"What do I get if I win? You already lost your blouse." I pointed at my slacks, "How about these?" I asked him. For some reason I lost them also. The panties were the same semi-transparent material as the bra. Actually they were a matching set. As I stood and pulled my slacks down Brett didn't know where to look, my dark nipples or the dark patch between my legs.
Handing me back my clothes, "Oh Ginger, my gosh. This is terrible, I'm so sorry please put your clothes back on." I sat back down, leaned back so my breasts were sticking right at him, "I don't think so. One more hand, my bra or your shirt." It was no contest poor Brett could hardly look at his cards and soon lost his shirt. I really admired his nearly hairless chest and the strong muscles he had. When he lost his pants on the next round I got to admire the bulge in his boxers.
I felt I was going to lose him if I won the next hand and he would turn chicken and run out on me. So I kind of lost the next hand. Now my small breasts really stand up pretty good considering my age. That's one advantage of having little tits. They don't sag like those big melons do. But, now it was time for the big decision. Win the next hand and get his boxers off or lose and give him my panties. I decided to play the hand straight. I didn't think I could lose either way.
We were way into to the deck before he went 'gin'. I lost fair and square. How he did it I don't know. I mean he was looking at my tits the whole time. As I stood and slowly pulled my panties down his eyes kept getting bigger and bigger. I was starting to get worried they might pop out of his skull. As I sat back down he had to ask, "Now what? Is the game over? I got all your clothes. What would have happened if you had won? Would I have to sneak home naked?"
"Well actually when Sam and I used to play we would keep going. If the naked one lost he or she would have to do a challenge." And of course if the other person lost they would continue to strip." With a big smile Brett asked, "You mean if I win the next hand you have to do what I tell you?"
I could see Brett thinking and he finally had to ask, "Just what kind of things would you make your husband do?" With all honesty I explain sometimes it was clean the house naked or do some mindless chore just so I could watch him. Other times it might be sexual in nature. Whatever I wanted him to do at the time. It could be great fun. If it was sexual I might get what I wanted and he might not get anything in return."
"Okay, one more hand" he proclaimed.
"You might lose," I pointed out.
"I don't think so. I've been playing great. Look you're the one without any clothes on."
"Don't get so cocky, if I win you lose your boxers and I get to see what that bulge is. And then we have to play another hand to see who gets to be the person doing the other one a favor."
That made Brett think a little bit, but I guess he decided the reward out wayed the risk and he started to shuffle the cards. I was dealt an almost perfect hand and I called out, "I've got you beat. You get one draw and then you drop your boxers."
Guess what? I didn't have him beat. He drew a card from the deck, flipped it over on the discard pile and showed me my almost perfect hand wouldn't beat a perfect hand. I had lost what would Brett take as his prize? I couldn't believe it when he pulled the cards into a neat pile, put them back in the box and stood up. "Thank you for a great game Ginger. Can we play again next week?" and started to pull his pants on. It took a bit of effort to get them up over the bulge but he managed to my dismal.
"Are you really going home? You're not going to claim your victory lap and get your reward for winning?"
"Oh yes...my reward. I would like you to offer me a piece of that great pie and a cup of coffee before I wander back to my lonely room. Please do it in the condition you are in right now." I asked him if he would like the pie warmed before I served it. Of course he would like it warmed and if I had any ice cream that would be nice also. The dirty rat, all my plans had gone down the drain. I had expected there would be a thrill for at least one of us at the games end and hopefully both of us would get satisfaction. It was not to be. I did get some satisfaction after Brett had his pie alamode with coffee served by a naked woman. My toys got a workout before I could go to sleep. Three times I reached a climax before I was free of my frustrations. My only hope was that Brett needed to relief himself also. Maybe he's not into women?
I saw Brett in the hallway the next Wednesday and he asked if we were still going to play cards on Friday. I had to think a second before telling him yes. I told myself even if I didn't get what I really wanted I did enjoy his company and playing cards was a great pastime.
Friday finally came and as promised Brett knocked on my door at precisely seven pm. This time I wasn't going to give him any chances. Play to win was my plan. It didn't work out that way. I was down to my panties before he even lost his shirt. Then I won several hands in a row. Then my panties went. At the next hand he lost his trousers, so he was down to just his boxers. Dark gray ones, I loved them. Then I lost again.
"I was worried last time we played that you would think l I was taking advantage of you. Not this time. I'm not going to settle for pie and coffee. Do you have a problem with that? We can stop now. If we go on it might, no it will, get embarrassing for you."
"You do realize I might be the winner don't you? And it might be the roles are reversed and you get to be the one suffering. I can promise, you it won't be serving pie."
I dealt the next hand and lost before we had even to three turns. The lucky so and so had gin. Just like that. We were sitting on the couch playing and had a TV tray to put the cards. So there was nothing between us. "Okay Ginger ready to pay up?" When I nodded yes he gave me my instructions.
"Leave your left foot on the floor just like it is. Now the right foot up on the back of the couch. I want to see everything. No covering up, leave your arms at your sides."
He was right, not going to settle for pie tonight. I couldn't believe this shy young man would make me expose myself like that. It was wonderful. I'm not by nature a shy person. Not much will embarrass me and this didn't. Let him look. I knew my turn would come. Sooner or later the cards would be my friend.
A minute later I pulled my leg down and asked, "Satisfied? Did you get a good look? Ready for another hand or are you chicken that I might win?"
"Bring it on. I'm on a winning streak. Just be aware, I've been thinking about this for several days and have no qualms about what I'll ask for next."
I lost again. This was so frustrating. I wanted him naked and at my disposal. I had been thinking and planning also. "Assume the position, just like before. Now I want you to touch yourself."
Thinking quickly I touched my nose. "Okay...happy?" Then I pulled my leg back and resumed my normal seat. The look on Brett's face was priceless.
"I won't make that mistake again."
"Do you mean if you get another chance?"
"You can be assured I will get another chance. And after that I'll get more chances. You will regret your little stunt."
I laughed at him and dealt the next hand. Would you believe it? I had him down to his boxers and I lost again. "No mistakes this time. The left foot goes on the floor. The other leg back over the couch and then I want you to masturbate with your right hand and fingers and play with your right tit with the other hand. Is that clear enough?"
I loved it. I was playing with myself right in front of a man. I had a good looking man, sitting on my couch in just his boxers and a tell-tale bulge threating to bust out. But all too soon he called time and I had to stop. Damn him, he should have let me finish. I was enjoying the show and the feelings.
"Had enough Ginger?"
"Not on your life mister. Another hand is coming right up. You've had me do everything except bring you pie. I'm going to get my chance and then you'll pay, big time."
Brett just grinned, that is until her saw what he dealt himself. In two turns I called out that he had one draw left. My time had come. He had crap and I had only a three to count.
"Take them off loser. Let me see what you've been hiding in there. It's my turn to enjoy the sights."
Without getting up he pulled the boxers down and off. Laying his shorts on the floor he crossed his legs. Damn him again. I couldn't see anything. He grabbed the cards and started to shuffle them. It might have been my turn to deal but I wasn't sure so I let him do it. But it worked out just great. Three turns again and I had gin.
"Let me be perfectly clear. So you understand exactly what I want you to do. Stand up, face me, move two steps closer, put your hands behind your back. Now do it."
He did it. There he stood his erection, no it was his cock, was pointing right at me. Every second or so it would quiver and bounce up a little. This was great, a naked man standing in my living room only a foot away from me. I lifted my hand to touch him and before I could he backed away and reminded me I hadn't said anything about touching.
"Okay smart ass, ready for another hand?"
"If you feel lucky I am. Better remember, you tried to touch me without permission."
I grabbed the cards, shuffled and quickly dealt out the cards. I glanced up as Brett was gathering his in and peeking at them. It didn't look promising, he was grinning. It was a disaster. Four draws in and he called out gin. What was he going to ask me to do or what was he going to do to me?
"I want you to assume the position again. Left foot on the floor and the other foot on the back of the couch, yes, just like that and now I'm going to touch you. Where ever I want."
That's what he did. He touched me where ever he wanted. Only he didn't touch me where I wanted. My legs, my stomach, my shoulders, down each arm and up across my chest almost to my tits. If I had was frustrated before it was ten times worse now. I wanted so badly for him to touch that place between my legs and then he stopped looked at me and asked, "Can we go one step further?"
When I nodded yes he lifted up and moved his body until his cock was touching my lips. Finally I was going to get what I wanted. At least the start of what I wanted. I love it when I can lick and suck on a hard cock. Actually I love to suck on a soft one to. The way they get hard when you do that is awesome. I sucked on Brett's hard cock and reached and cradled his balls in the palm of my hand. I could feel his balls moving and knew he was getting ready to shoot his load. I enjoy getting a load in my mouth. Creamy, slippery juice is great. I love it but this time I wanted it in my pussy. I pushed him back and told him, "Fuck me Brett. I want feel you inside me."
"I'm not wearing a condom."
What a gentleman. When I told him, "I'm safe. No worries. Come on fuck me." He was in me faster than it takes to write this. The long dry spell was over I had a man doing it to me again. I was in heaven. I could feel satisfaction coming on; it would only take the final touch. I reached down between our bodies rubbed my clit and exploded. My groans and grunts signaled me reaching the goal everyone wants from sex.
In seconds Brett followed in my footsteps. He pushed hard into me and started to try and get deeper. He shuddered, moaned and pushed even harder until he suddenly relaxed. "Oh my...wow...did that ever feel good." Then he surprised me no end.
He did slide down until he was able to start to lick my pussy and suck it. I had never had a man clean me up. He was cleaning up our juices, his and mine. I was overwhelmed. And I got all excited again. Boom and I was having another orgasm. As I started to calm down a second time Brett moved back up and kissed me. I could taste his and my come. I loved it.
"Can I have a piece of pie now? I don't need any ice cream though. I've had enough cream for now." We sat naked, had a piece of pie and a cup of coffee. I was thinking about asking if Brett would like to play another hand of gin but he said that this was fun and asked if maybe we could play again the next Friday. Before he walked out the door Brett gave me a deep soul kiss, licked up a piece of pie that had fallen on my bare left breast, patted my naked butt and told me, "This was fun I can hardly wait for the next match."
Me to and maybe I should order that modeling kit.
The end