Cancun, Mexico was going to be my last holiday with my parents. My parents are amazing and we get on just fine. Going on holiday with them was always great fun, and I appreciated being treated to such luxuries. But at eighteen-years of age, I was starting to feel like I was 'too old' to be on holiday with them.
I wanted to meet, flirt, dance and have fun with guys. Bring one or two back to my hotel room for the night. I wasn't promiscuous, I just wanted to have non-judgemental fun abroad.
After checking into the 5 star resort I went to my own room and unpacked, while my parents did the same. It was midday when we landed, so there was still time to hit the beach and pool in my bikini.
I guess you could call me the girl next door type. I'm quiet and polite, but not shy. I appear reserved on the outside, simply because of my upbringing. I don't come from a strict or religious family, but good lady-like manners and self respect was how I was raised. I'm 5ft 6inches and I have shoulder length, brown hair and brown eyes. I have a curvy butt and a full bust.
That said, over time I gradually developed exhibitionist fantasies. Not to to the extreme that I wanted to expose my genitals to people in public. No. I did, however, often fantasise about masturbating and having sex in public places, with the risk of getting caught. Sometimes in these fantasies I did get caught, which then led to other kinky fantasies, but in essence I didn't actually want to get caught.
Back to Cancun, Mexico....
After changing into a khaki halter neck bikini, I slipped into a pair of sandals and a cover-up beach dress and then headed out into the resort. I found my parents settling by the pool. Dad hates sand. So, I sat with them for a short while before spending the last hour of sunbathing by myself on the beach.
Throughout the two-week holiday we ate together at breakfast, lunch and dinner. Watched the hotel entertainment in the evenings, and enjoyed a few excursions involving ancient Mayan ruins. I also got to see dolphins.
I wasn't bored, but I was gutted to not have any of my friends with me to party into the early hours of the morning. Cancun is a lively place. I only got to sample a couple of restaurants and the odd bar.
The real fun and excitement for me, and the point of sharing this experience here, was what happened during the days before the end of the holiday.
After a week of laying in the sun my skin had tanned really well, except for the obvious white bits. I thought my body looked 'awful' after a shower, seeing my naked reflection in the mirror. I didn't even need a mirror to see the stark contrast between brown and white.
The bottom half wasn't what really bothered me, it was the top half. My boobs! I love my boobs, and after seeing the difference between where the sun had been gracing my body and where it hadn't, I wished I'd gone topless.
Since our arrival I'd seen so many women on the beach with their boobs out. All sorts of shapes and sizes, and most of the women were with their boyfriends or husbands. Nobody seemed to care. But mum never went topless, and even if she did, I would never go topless with my dad around. Out of respect more than anything else.
However, my parents were yet to venture down to the beach to see me. They either remained by the pool all day or played tennis. But the next day they were going to be out of the resort, visiting the Tulum ruins with some reef snorkelling thrown in. I grinned mischievously at the exhibitionist tendencies starting to stir inside my tummy.
The morning of their excursion I was standing in front of the mirror looking at my 'awful' reflection once again.. I was going to do it, I told myself. I was going to go topless and tan my boobs.
Grabbing my sun lotion, I rubbed it everywhere my hands could reach, taking my time to cover my boobs. They needed extra protection because they were yet to be fully exposed to the sun.
Feeling frisky after my 'applying sun lotion' turned 'touching myself up' session, it was time to get dressed and meet my parents for breakfast.
It was purely coincidental, but also fitting, that I chose to wear the last of my newest bikinis on this day. I'd avoided it until now because it was my most risqué one. It was a cheeky pink two-piece set. The top was a push-up design and the bottoms were low-rise.
I slipped the bikini top on first and made all the necessary adjustments, until everything was in a comfortable position. I then stepped into the low rise bottoms, again, making all the necessary adjustments once the item was in place.
Before throwing on my sun dress and grabbing my beach bag to leave the room, I looked myself over in the mirror. I felt and thought I looked great. I'm not the slightest bit vein, but I'm also not self conscious about my body either. Love yourself for who you are and not what you think you are, I say!
My long, wavy hair flowed down my back as I carried out a final inspection of the bikini. The top pushed and pressed my boobs together, making them appear even bigger than they already were. I smiled at the amount of cleavage created before I held my bust and smiled.
Twisting my hips from side to side, I smiled again, this time at my bum before I stood up straight. I'd never worn low-rise bikini bottoms before. They were low at the front, below my hip bone, showing off my flat tummy whilst accentuating my curves and vulva in a sexy way. There was definitely nothing subtle about this bikini.
During breakfast with my parents I began to experience butterflies in my tummy. I couldn't stop grinning when they asked me if I planned to sunbathe on the beach all day. The image of me laying topless had me excitedly rubbing my knees together under the table.
After saying our goodbyes I told my parents to have a good time and then headed for the beach. The butterflies in my tummy were going crazy by now, and I hadn't even found a sun bed yet.
When I did find and sit down on one I was in the middle of the beach. It wasn't by choice. It was the only one available. Served me right for hitting the beach at ten o'clock in the morning, I thought.
My location did make my plans more nerve racking and daunting, but everything combined also made it more exciting. I had underestimated the emotions of going topless for the first time.
Undeterred from my 'mission' to tan my boobs, I adjusted the sun bed so I was sitting up, but leaning back slightly. I then laid my beach towel over the top of it. With a deep, excited sigh, I then sat down on the end of the sun bed with my beach bag, and took out my phone and ear plugs.
I daren't look around to see if anybody was watching me. I was aware of my surroundings of course, I knew there were couples to the left and right of me, with another couple in front, and many more people scattered around the beach, but I paid no attention to the finer details in fear of losing my bottle.
However, the moment I stood up I instinctively glanced at the couple in front of me. I felt relief that the woman was topless, flat on her back with a top covering her face. She looked to be in her thirties, I thought, taking a moment to admire her beautiful body. The relief she gave me was short lived when I realised her fella was looking straight at me, instead of his phone in front of him.
He smiled to acknowledge I was looking back at him, which caused me to half-smile nervously. I didn't want to appear rude, but I didn't want him watching me either. I knew I was overreacting because I'd caught lots of guys looking at me throughout the holiday. Those occasions didn't make me nervous, but then I wasn't going topless on those occasions.
Refusing to let the guys presence put me off, I removed my sun dress and reminded myself that this was not how a true exhibitionist behaves. I was doing this. I wanted to do it. I needed to do it.
Once I had removed my sun dress, I noticed he now had his phone in his hand, and his gazed flicked straight at the screen when I glanced at him again.
I was now standing on the beach in my cheeky pink two-piece bikini. My big boobs were pushed up and my low-rise bikini bottoms suddenly felt more revealing now than when I was inside my hotel room. Looking left I broke my own advice on not getting involved in who was around me.
There, my awareness was further enlightened. A much older man, easily in his sixties, was sat up on his sun bed watching me. The sun bed beside him was vacant, with only a beach towel covering it. He'd argue he was only topping up his sun lotion, but he was watching me.
Could I still go through with this? I began to doubt myself and looked to my right. Jeepers! I felt tense. To my right another guy was watching me. He looked to be around my parents age, mid-forties. His wife, girlfriend or whatever, was sat up reading a magazine while he sat facing me. He'd probably also argue that he was only having a drink of water.
I had to get a grip if I was going to go topless. I knew wearing this bikini would draw attention to myself. I was eighteen years old with big boobs and a cute bum, and even if I wasn't, people looking at me was always going to be inevitable. I knew that. What I hadn't prepared myself for was having three men watching me close up, while I got ready to remove my bikini top.
It felt as if they were reading my mind, or perhaps it was the exhibitionist inside me wishing they could. Or was I just being paranoid because I knew what I was about to do?
Sat down on the end of the sun bed, with three men watching me, who were all much older than boys I fancied and dated, I scanned the beach through my shades without moving my head. I felt I had to show them that they didn't have my attention. The truth was, they had my undivided attention, and my tummy in knots. But my desire to go topless was overwhelming. I wanted to do this for me, not anybody else.
I also had to be a little more honest with myself. I could no longer deny that having a close proximity male audience was turning me on. I remembered the many women I'd seen walking around topless and told myself I had the same courage. I then looked at the thirty-something couple in front of me. The guy smiled again before I looked at his woman. If she can do it then so can I, the exhibitionist inside me said.
Finally, I reached around my back and my fingers touched the clasp. The man laying in front of me went from a sexy smile to a grin of anticipation. Fidgeting nervously with the clasp, I watched his phone slowly tilting upwards in his hands, until it was pointing directly at me. But I couldn't stop now. I'd just unclasped my bikini top.
On the brink of losing my mind, watching him watching me, I turned my head slightly to the left. Mr Lefty was watching me to. He had swung his legs around and he was now sat up facing me side on.
As I pulled the bikini top apart behind me, the shoulder straps moved and fell down my arms. I could sense the three men around me watching my every move. I also sensed their anticipation clawing at my bikini top. My heart started racing and I felt more excited between my legs than ever before, but I was also becoming more nervous by the second.
I dropped my eyes to the ground. They were watching me, maybe others were to, from a distance, but it was too late now. My mind was made up and I was doing this, led by an urge to expose my boobs.
In one sweeping movement, I held my breath and removed the bikini top. I could have sworn I heard Mr Righty gasp. The natural response from my brain was to put an arm across my chest to cover myself. Of course I didn't do that. My alter-ego exhibitionist was now in charge. I exhaled and dropped my bikini top into my beach bag.
With my heart pounding and my body tingling all over, I pushed myself backwards, sliding up the sun bed. My boobs bounced and wobbled before they settled on my chest. I then ran a hand through my hair and sighed under the hot sun. The rush of excitement far exceeded my fantasy of exposing myself.
The men were looking while I looked outwards over the Caribbean Sea. I licked my lips to wet them and then spent the next few moments trying to hide my nervous excitement. Once those few tense minutes passed, I realised Mr Righty was no longer watching me, although he would steal glances throughout the day. Mr Lefty, however, the old guy, was staring at me like a hungry lion eyeing up its next meal.
Picking up my phone and tucking my ear plugs in, I noticed the guy in front was either filming or taking photos. The camera angle and his finger movements were too obvious, but what could I have done that wouldn't have created a scene that would have left me feeling embarrassed?
He eventually dropped his phone and grinned at me, before rolling over onto his back with a big smile on his face. I suddenly realised how turned on I was from the whole experience. I had just gone topless for the first time in my life. I'd done it while three men blatantly watched me do it.
As I put some music on and collapsed the back of the sun bed, I noticed how hard my nipples were. They jutted out as if they were begging for attention. They were. I felt tingles up my spine before I finally laid down flat and closed my eyes. Let them look, I smiled to myself. Let everybody look, I don't care. I finally felt at ease.
It felt so sexy and liberating to be laying there as close to naked in public as I was ever likely to be. In that moment I kind of wished the beach was empty so I could slip my bikini bottoms off and tan my shaven lady bits. I needed to change my thinking. Giggling to myself, I eventually concentrated on the music vibrating through my ear drums.
After half an hour I sat up for a drink. My sudden movement must have looked like somebody rising from the dead. All eyes were on me again. Well, those closest to me.
The man who had been in front was no longer there, neither was his woman. They must have gone into the sea, I thought. Mr Righty was talking to his woman, but then I noticed Mr Lefty was watching me intently. His woman was there now, laying on her stomach in a one-piece swimming costume.
He had a very lecherous look on is face. It made me shiver before I swung my legs around to get my water from my beach bag.
Unfortunately, that meant I was now facing him. Glancing from the very tops and corners of my eyes as I moved around, I don't think he ever took his eyes off me.
Pulling a water bottle from my beach bag, I unscrewed the cap and looked at the man, letting him know his staring was inappropriate with his wife laying beside him. Who was I kidding? I was loving the attention, even though he was fat and ugly.
My deep stare had no effect on the man, which only hardened my nipples and set the butterflies off inside my tummy.
His gaze lingered over me, moving up and down my topless body before settling on my boobs, which were completely exposed and pointing straight at him.
I couldn't remember a time when a man looked at me with so much lust and dominance in his eyes, but then I'd never sat in front of a man on a beach with my boobs out before either.
What was going through his mind? I wondered, as he tilted his head back in unison with mine, when I raised the bottle to my lips and took a sip. It was if I had bewitched him or something.
As I put the bottle away his gaze followed my every move, but I surprisingly didn't feel nervous or annoyed. I was excited, wanting to tease him all of a sudden. Tease him because he looked so wound up sexually. I smiled politely at him this time, but he didn't smile back. I sensed dark, sinister thoughts were occupying his mind. I giggled at him, knowing he was powerless to act on those thoughts, which probably involved him putting his cock inside me.
Turning my focus away from my psycho neighbour, I slowly moulded the front of my body to the sun bed. It was time to tan my back and get rid of those white bikini strap marks. But as I laid down I couldn't stop looking at Mr Lefty, who funnily had now become Mr Righty.
His sinister gaze continued to roam my body. Those piercing eyes of his transfixed on my boobs first, as they hung away from me getting into position to lay on my front. Then his eyes travelled down my back to my arse, onto my legs then back up again. I don't know where his eyes went next because I put my ear plugs back in and closed my eyes.
I must have drifted off to sleep, because I was dazed when I heard a local accent shouting if anybody wanted a drink from the bar. I pushed myself up and the man came to my right side.
"Hola, señorita!" he said, grinning at the side of my boob.
"Hola," I sighed, laying back down on my front to hide my sudden exposure.
"Drink, señorita?" he asked my now squashed side boob, before eventually looking at me, still grinning.
"No, gracias," I shook my head and waved him away. It was uncharacteristically rude of me, but I'd just woken up.
The waiter left and then I detected the scent of barbecue drifting across the beach. I checked my phone to find it was lunch time. I'd slept on my front for over an hour. I hoped I hadn't burnt in the sun.
When I sat up I was relieved to find the three couples around me were all gone. I quickly put my bikini top and sun dress back on and then packed my belongings away to go for lunch.
The barbecue was amazing. I'd eaten lunch there everyday. Juicy chicken skewers with salad, rice and corn on the cob. I joined the queue and waited patiently to be served.
Eventually receiving my delicious food, I sat down on a bench and tucked into the chicken first. I was sliding a piece off the skewer with my teeth when a man I didn't recognise approached the bench and asked if I didn't mind him taking a seat.
The seating area around the barbecue was a bit like that. There were no single tables or chairs, so I nodded and covered my mouth with my hand as I chewed.
"Sorry," I blushed, embarrassed he'd spoken to me while I had food in my mouth. I was a bit like that around meal times.
The man chuckled and joked he had an absent-minded tendency to ask questions at the wrong time. He sat down and we began talking. Nothing exciting to report about the conversation, but as I talked to the man I could see my psycho neighbour staring at me as he devoured a beef skewer beside his wife, on the bench directly in front of me. It felt like this guy was everywhere, stalking me.
He instantly stole my attention away from the conversation I was having, as his dark eyes pierced through my thin sun dress and bikini. While his wife rabbeted on in his ear, and the man next to me did the same in mine, me and Mr. Psycho engaged in some kind of silent stare off.
Refusing to be intimidated, I stared right back, but I was no match for him, so I began to blush and look away. I re-engaged the man beside me until I felt compelled to look at Mr. Psycho again. His eyes were unwavering as he ate. Nothing seemed to distract him from eye-fucking me.
Despite his very mature age and unsightly appearance, I began to squirm sexually. He clearly had the power in the stare off, but I felt I had the power of the invisible safety net around me, i.e. all the other tourists in the resort, but I daren't tease him now.
As soon as I finished my meal, I needed to go up to my hotel room and relieve this bizarrely stoked sexual arousal. Once inside my hotel room, I dropped my beach bag and stepped onto the balcony. The place was stunning. Then a naughty idea popped into my head. The exhibitionist in me had returned.
I'd done it many times at home in the safety and privacy of my own bedroom, but now I was going to do it in semi-public, out on the balcony. I stripped naked, then put only the thin sun dress back on, and grabbed my silky-smooth massage oil. Breast play was a major part of my masturbation. I thought of it as my personal foreplay before having sex with myself, so the oil pretty much came everywhere with me. Well, anywhere I was likely to pleasure myself.
My first rule of thumb was to always set the mood and scene. That kind of already had been done by Mr. Psycho. The neighbouring balconies were separated by large panels, so if anybody did come out onto either one of them, I would be unseen. Out ahead of me there were people on their balconies, but they were on the other side of the resort. The mood and scene was set.
Getting comfortable in the corner of the balcony sofa, I opened the sun dress. Not fully, just enough to set my boobs free. My nipples were already hard with anticipated excitement. Squirting the massage oil into the palms of my hands, I rubbed them vigorously together to warm the oil, further increasing the anticipation.
Then, one of my favourite things to do to myself, I put my hands gently onto my boobs and proceeded to coat my chest in oil, caressing it everywhere before massaging. I used my fingers and then my whole palms, stimulating all the nerve endings. I moved closely towards my areola and nipples, but making sure I didn't touch them yet.
As soon as my eyes closed my mind wandered back to the beach, surrounded by my three voyeurs. Using a slippery finger, I finally moved inside my areola. I delicately circled around the very edge of my nipples. I gasped softly and opened my legs.
In my fantasy the three men were watching me intently, especially Mr. Psycho. They want me but they can't have me. Relaxing my fingers into a peace sign, I slid them around my nipples, trapping the sensitive teats between them before I started stroke my fingers back and forth. I then squeezed my fingers together, squeezing my nipples. More soft gasps escape my lips.
The men were now watching me with hungry eyes. Wanton eyes. I was performing for them. Teasing them with my young body and big boobs. Holding my nipples simultaneously between my finger and thumb, I stroked up and down, gently rolling my nipples side to side, before lightly pinching and tweaking them.
On the comfortable balcony sofa, I imagined Mr. Psycho doing this to me. His grotesqueness consuming me as he would surely squeeze my nipples harshly. He would enjoy restricting the blood flow and making me groan, before releasing my nipples to send the blood pumping back in to cause that wonderful throbbing sensation.
Having driven myself crazy with my breast play, I then popped open all the buttons on the sun dress, exposing my naked body to the sun. It slipped from my shoulders and down my arms, where it rested until I finished.
Squirting more oil into my palms, I left my oily boobs to glisten in the sun. I then coated my tummy, using my hands to rub it into my skin. My mind wandered back to the beach when my right hand reached my shaven pubic mound. I pulled my left hand back up my body to resume caressing my boobs.
My fantasy had seemingly progressed. The beach was deserted and the three men were now standing around my sun bed, slowly stroking their erect cocks as I rubbed oil all over my naked body.
With my hand resting over the fleshy, hairless area of my pubic bone, I took a moment to imagine being surrounded by the three horny, older men at the beach, stroking their cocks over me. I then began to massage that soft, fleshy area, causing myself to moan softly. I than ran my greasy fingers along the outer and inner lips of my vulva. I felt so relaxed with the afternoon sun beating down on my horny, naked body.
As the naked men on the beach stood over me in my fantasy, I started stroking my clit through the hood on the balcony. Another teasing favourite of mine. Repositioning my fingers into a V shape, I progressed further and slid my fingers up down my clitoral shaft. I was soaking by now, and the men in my fantasy were rock hard. They wanted to paw their dirty hands all over my young body, but I wouldn't let them.
Suddenly, just as I found my rhythm, the neighbours to my left came noisily out on to their balcony. There was no way for them to see me, but they could definitely hear me if I wasn't too careful. Their presence sent my arousal sky rocketing to another level. I'd never knowingly masturbated so close to strangers before.
I stifled a giggle and then rubbed faster. I began to moan as my neighbours lit cigarettes and started talking. I couldn't hear what they were saying, but then I wasn't trying to. I rubbed faster and harder. My clit was wet and pulsing. Any second now, I thought, applying more pressure.
Then... pure bliss. My body shook like as if an earthquake had struck. I sobbed and groaned, biting my lower lip to keep as quiet as possible. Then... calm. I removed my hand and slumped even further into the balcony sofa, satisfied but not completely.
The couple smoked their cigarettes then returned inside, leaving me to continue and return to my beach fantasy. After fondling my swollen boobs for a few post-orgasm moments, I returned my hand to my southernly bits and began to massage my vaginal opening.
What I really needed was a big, hard cock to fuck me right there on the balcony. Not having one of those to hand, I slowly penetrated my soaking wet pussy with two fingers. In a circular in-out motion, I stroked my insides and stimulated my g-spot.
The men on the beach were finally groping my body. They mauled my boobs and rubbed my thighs whilst stroking their leaking cocks, inches above me. I so wanted them to cover me in cum. A wicked fantasy that had recently started appearing regularly in my solo sessions, long before I flew to Cancun.
Increasing the speed and pressure with my right hand and two fingers, I brought my left hand down my body from my boobs to assist in me in reaching another orgasm. I spread my pussy lips open and thrusted my fingers in and out as hard and as fast as I could.
Unable to hold back my groans of pleasure, even if I wanted to, my hand knocked hard against my pubic bone. The feeling was there, bubbling and rising ever closer. The men on the beach started ejaculating, finally covering my body in warm cum. I could almost feel it on my boobs, taste it on my lips.
Then... I spasmed out of control. I cursed and flew forwards, before I cursed again and fell on my side. It took me about ten minutes before I hauled my naked body off that balcony sofa.
The sun dress fell from my body and I walked naked back into my room. Anyone looking in my direction would have most certainly seen my boobs and bare buttocks. I giggled and took a shower, knowing I was going to masturbate everyday on the balcony until it was time to go home, which was only in three days time anyway.
Oh... and yes, in case you're wondering. I did continue to sunbathe topless, and I don't think my parents ever found out. If they did they never said anything.