"Okay, does anyone have anything else?" Nancy asked as she looked around the conference table.
Troy raised his hand, "I do have one thing," he said.
All eyes turned to Troy. They had gone around the table and given updates on sales closed, in progress, new listings. Troy usually didn't have much to contribute to the weekly staff meetings.
"I've upgraded the gate at The Camp," he looked around and then at Nancy, who looked at him with a look that he couldn't decipher. "The system that Gerry put it worked great, but he was there all the time and it was not a problem. Well," he looked at some of his co-workers, "as you can imagine, it can be difficult when I'm not there."
He pulled an envelope out from the folder he brought with him, "so, I've modified it so that the gate will now open with a key card and a pin. Kind of like an ATM card." He pulled out a number of key cards, "of course, the intercom and camera still work if someone doesn't have a card and I'm there."
There were several people who nodded their head. Nancy still had a look that Troy couldn't figure out. "So, those of you who have asked for a card, I'll be here most of the afternoon if you want to stop by and get yours."
Nancy quickly looked around to see who might have asked for one. Wanting to leave the room, "okay, that's it then," and stood to indicate that the meeting was over. She turned before exiting to see Troy hand a couple of key cards out to a couple of her staff. She was surprised at who had asked for one.
Nancy sat alone in her office thinking about The Camp. She had some second thoughts about the purchase. Still, she didn't want to see the land divided up for yet another subdivision. She looked up just as Carol entered. She watched as Carol set a key card down on her desk.
"Troy figured that you should have one, being you're the owner, even if you don't use it," Carol said and then stuck a sticky note next to it, "and here's the pin number. You can change it if you want to."
Nancy looked at the card and the pin, "No, it's fine."
"Well, I'll leave you be," Carol said and then started to leave. She grabbed the door handle, "you want this opened or closed?"
Nancy looked up, "closed please."
Carol looked at her friend, wishing that she could help Nancy over the discomfort that she was feeling.
Nancy was feeling more confused than anything else. Troy had asked her daughter out on a date so she knew that Vanessa was going to know about The Camp sooner or later. While Vanessa was on the date, Nancy, on a dare to herself, shed her clothes and spent the evening in the buff. She did the things she normally would have like clean up the kitchen, do a little bit of laundry and read. She even went to bed and didn't bother to put on her nightgown like she normally did.
Nancy sat there and looked at the key card on her desk. She picked it up and handled it a little. She had to admit that it felt a little bit naughty to be prancing around the house naked. And the longer she stayed naked, the less it felt strange. It wasn't her first experience with nudity but it was still discomforting for her.
*
Troy watched as Vanessa came into the office. He smiled and stood up to meet her. They had gone on two dates, in fact, and he hoped that he made a good impression. He had grown quite fond of the girl and really wanted to see her again.
He had taken her to a semi-fancy restaurant and then to a concert given by a local jazz band on the first date and then a hike in a nearby national park for the second. They ended holding hands as they walked back to his car on both occasions. When they arrived at her house after the hike, they ended up talking for another half hour in the car. When she said it time for her to go in, he got out and opened her door and escorted her to the front door. After a moment's hesitation, he put his hand around her waist and drew her in for a kiss. He was overjoyed when she responded with more than a goodbye peck like the first date, but rather a kiss that had much more passion to it.
"Hey there, handsome," Vanessa smiled as she stepped up to where Troy was standing. She felt a flutter inside as she enjoyed being with him and she looked forward to seeing him again.
"Hi, gorgeous," Troy responded.
Vanessa placed her hands on his arms and gave him a peck on the lips, "I had a wonderful time the other day."
"I did too," Troy responded, moving his hands so that he took hers into his. "Are you free Friday night?" he asked.
Vanessa smiled and nodded, "I am. Pick me up at 7?"
Troy returned the smile, "I will".
Vanessa turned to look her mom's closed door and then back to Troy, "It looks like she's busy." She looked back at Troy and gave him a peck on the cheek, "I'll see you Friday".
"I can't wait," he said.
He watched as she left the office, feeling like his feet were no longer on the ground.
*
Vanessa stepped into the living room and saw her mom sitting on the sofa going through some papers she apparently brought home from work, "you know, you really ought to get out more."
Nancy looked up and took her reading glasses off, "I'm fine, dear." She looked at her daughter. It seemed like yesterday that she was just a kid, now here she was a grown, mature woman about to graduate from college. "You and Troy going out again?"
Vanessa looked at her watch, "Yeah, he should be here in about 15 minutes," she looked back at her mom and then sat down across from her. "Are you okay?" she asked.
"Yeah, why? Don't I look like I am?" Nancy asked.
"Well, you just seem to be, I don't know," Vanessa paused as she cocked her head and looked at her mom with a serious look, "you seem to be a little withdrawn."
Nancy smiled, "I'm fine, sweetheart. It's just things have been lately and there's a lot going on at work."
"Mom," Vanessa started, trying to hide her exasperation, "there's always something going on. You need to get out. Find someone who tickles your fancy."
"Vanessa, I really don't have any desire to see anyone at the moment."
"Fine, give Carol a call and go do something with her," Vanessa suggested, "she's your best friend and you two used to always do something together."
This was true. Carol has tried to entice Nancy out of the house a couple of times but she was afraid that Carol would try to coax her into going out to The Camp. She always found an excuse not to take up on Carol's invitations.
During their last date, Troy found out that Vanessa liked baseball. He bought a couple of tickets to the local minor league AAA team. The local team won on a walk-off home run and they both cheered loudly along with the rest of the crowd. They walked back to his car, their arms around each other's waist.
As they made their way out of the parking lot, Vanessa slid over and put her arm around his neck. She gave him a kiss on the cheek, "let's go someplace quiet, I'm not ready to go home yet."
Troy turned to her and smiled, he didn't want it to end either, "I think I know of a quiet place."
The place was actually a local lake on a piece of property on the outskirts of town. He drove down the dirt lane that lead to the lake and got as close as he could and stopped. There were a few clouds in the night sky and the quarter-moon reflected off of the water.
He turned the car off and turned in his seat. He put his arm around the girl he thought he was falling in love with and drew her closer. They closed their eyes as their lips touched. He gently kissed her as he felt her hand slide up to the back of her head.
They broke apart and she looked at him and smiled, "that was nice," she said very softly.
He smiled and closed his eyes as he drew her towards him again. He felt her tongue against his lips and he parted them, allowing her in. The intensity of their kisses grew as they continued. He felt her hand touch the inside of his thigh and started rubbing back and forth. He felt his penis begin to grow in response.
She pulled away but left her hand where it was, "let's go to your place," she whispered.
She leaned her head against his shoulder, her hand still rubbing his thigh as he started for home. She watched with curiosity as he used a key card to open the gate that blocked their way. She had other things on her mind and didn't pay it a lot of attention. She noted that there weren't any other houses around, but didn't give it much thought either. Her mind was focused on a different priority.
He led her to his bedroom and turned to face her. He placed his hands around her waist and pulled her closer and locked his lips on hers. He gasped just a little as he felt her hand caress his hardness through his jeans.
He moved his head back far enough that he could see her face, "are you sure?" he asked.
She smiled and nodded, "I'm sure."
"I feel something for you, I don't want this be a," Troy started. His last relationship ended on a sour note. They both enjoyed the sex or at least he thought she did. He thought he might have placed too much emphasis on the physical part of a relationship. He didn't want to make the same mistake again.
Vanessa put her fingers to his lips, stopping him from talking, "shh, I'm sure. And I feel something for you too."
Soon they were both naked and on the bed, legs and arms intertwined. Afterwards, Vanessa lay in the crook of his arm, her hand stroking his flaccid penis, their combined juices having dried on it.
"How come there's a gate?" Vanessa asked quietly.
"Well," Troy started, not sure what she knew and what she didn't, "the land the house sits on is around a thousand acres and it's open for people to come in and enjoy it." He paused for a moment, "the gate is to keep those that don't have cards from getting in."
"Oh," Vanessa said and thought for a moment, "I don't think I saw any other houses."
"You didn't. This is the only one."
She looked up at him, "what's so special that people want to come here when there's other places they can go."
Troy took a deep breath, "Well, people go naked here," he let out a breath. 'There it was out. Hopefully she's not like her mom' he thought to himself.
Vanessa rolled over onto her stomach and looked at Troy, "is this the property mom bought?"
Troy just nodded his head.
Vanessa smiled, "Carol told me that she bought a nudist camp." She looked at Troy some more, "and you live here?"
"Yeah, your mom asked if I would take care of the place." Troy could feel his heart pounding, still unsure of what impact this would have to their new relationship.
"That is so cool," Vanessa said. "I went to a nudist beach one time with my old boyfriend. He hated it and we never went back. But I always wanted to go back. I loved it."
Troy smiled, "Well, I could give you a key card and you can come out here anytime you want."
Vanessa moved up and gave Troy a kiss that lead to another round of lovemaking that left them both exhausted. It was 3 in the morning when Troy finally dropped Vanessa off at her house. He hoped that we wouldn't be subjected to a ration from Nancy for keeping her out so late. Just the same, he floated all the way home.
*
Nancy knew her daughter came home late, but she didn't know how late. She, herself was up until 1am. They both rose late the next morning. They sat in the shade on the back deck, each waking up with a cup of fresh coffee.
"How was your date?" Nancy asked.
Vanessa looked at her mom and grinned, "it was great. I really like Troy."
Nancy looked at her daughter and smiled, "Troy's a nice man. I like him too." Nancy had dual emotions going through her. She thought highly of Troy. He was an upstanding and honest man. She thought he had good character and would be a good match for her daughter, better than some of the ones she had seen her with in the past. On the other hand, there was The Camp.
"You didn't tell me that was managing the property you bought," Vanessa commented.
"I didn't?" Nancy replied.
"No," Vanessa said. "Troy invited me back out today."
"Are you going to?" Nancy asked, trying to sound calm.
"I told him I would come out this afternoon."
"Did he also tell you about other people, that uh, go there?" Nancy asked, her hand trembling a little as she brought her mug to her lips.
"He did, as a matter of fact." Vanessa watched as her mother just shook her head. "Have you ever been naked like that?"
Nancy looked at Vanessa, "no, of course not."
"Were you ever curious?"
There was hesitation on Nancy's part and her eyes drifted a little before they focused back on Vanessa, "no, not really."
But Vanessa caught the hesitation, "you should come with me."
Nancy smiled and held the mug with both hands to keep it steady, "no, I don't think so. That's not something that I, well, no I don't think so."
"You should, mom, at least once. It's the most wonderful feeling," Vanessa reached out and touched her mothers are.
"Excuse me?" Nancy's eyebrows shot up and she turned and looked at Vanessa, "how would you know?" she said not in anger but curious about facets of her daughter that she apparently was ignorant of.
"Last summer, mom. Phil and I went to a clothing optional beach."
Nancy could only look at her daughter. Part of her was shocked, part of her wanted to ask more about it.
"We only went the one time. Phil didn't want to go back but I did. It was such a free feeling to not wearing anything, letting the sun shine and the breeze touch all parts of you. And swimming was even nicer. Besides, you didn't have to worry about wringing out your bathing suit when you got home," she finished with a laugh.
Nancy tried to envision herself nude like that. There was a growing part that wanted to know what it was like, but a fear pushed that aside. "Well, you're a fine looking girl. No one wants to see an old woman like me."
"Mom, first of all, you're not old and second of all, there's people there of all ages, of all shapes and sizes."
Nancy turned up a corner of her mouth and let out a humph.
"Besides, mom, you are a gorgeous woman and you have a figure to die for."
Nancy just shook her head and watched as her daughter stood up.
"I tell you what, mom. Get undressed after I leave and stay that way. I'll call when I'm on my way home so you have time to get dressed again."
A semi-horrified look appeared on Nancy's face and she started to slowly shake her head.
"Just try it," Vanessa said as she put a hand on her mom's shoulder. "I'm going in to shower and head over."
Nancy nodded her head and turned away as Vanessa went inside. She was consumed in her thoughts and had come to a decision when she heard Vanessa. She turned to see her head poking through the opening in the door.
"I'm leaving now. I'll be home for dinner."
"Okay, dear," Nancy said and looked at the empty doorway until she heard the front door close. She sat there for a few more moments before getting up and going inside. She rinsed out her mug and put it in the dishwasher.
She entered her bedroom and stripped off her clothes to shower. The water felt good on her skin and she took a little more time than usual caressing various parts of her. She had shaved her legs like she normally did, but also shaved a little bit more around her pubic region. After toweling off, she even trimmed her pubic hair just a little.
Standing in front of mirror, Nancy assessed herself, 'not bad for a 40 something, I guess' she thought as she ran her hands over her breasts, caressing the nipples just a little, enjoying the tingling feeling that it created. She moved her hands down to her stomach and pinched the side, 'not too much fat', and then ran her fingers through her pubic hair. Part of her felt that running around naked wasn't something good girls do. 'But Carol is a good girl and my best friend,' she thought. She closed the closet door on which hung the mirror. With a deep breath, and a final look at herself, she left the room to finish cleaning up the kitchen.
*
Troy and Carol sat on the front porch swing. Troy was working on his second cup of coffee while Carol was savoring a tea.
Carol reached over and ran her fingers over Troy's penis, "I'm going to miss this," she said.
"I'm sorry," he simply replied.
Carol leaned in and kissed him on the cheek, "don't be. I knew it was going to happen. It was just a matter of when."
Troy turned and leaned over and kissed her nipple, "I'm going to miss these too."
"She's a nice girl, Troy."
Troy looked off and smiled, "yeah, she is."
"Ooh I think somebody's in love," Carol teased.
Troy blushed a little and turned, "I don't know, it's too soon to tell."
"Not necessarily," Carol said, taking a sip of tea. "I know of some people who fell in love at first sight and stayed together all their lives."
"I do like her a lot," Troy said.
"Is she coming out?"
Troy nodded his head, "she asked for a card last night and said she'd like to come out this afternoon. Unfortunately, I've got to clear that tree that fell across the trail."
"I'll keep an eye out for her. You go and I'll make sure she gets situated".
Troy stood up, "thanks, Carol. You're amazing. In so many ways."
Carol smiled, "thanks," as her eyes wandered down to his penis. She wanted so much to reach out and take it into her mouth. But there was no way that she was going to come between the new couple. She always thought they belonged together.
She watched as Troy loaded the Gator and roared off down the trail. She thought it was comical how he looked wearing sturdy boots rather than the sandals he typically wore. She went inside and refreshed her tea and grabbed a book she was in the middle of and returned to the swing on the front porch. Vanessa was due any time.
She didn't have to wait long before she heard the crunch of gravel under as her car came into view and pulled in. Carol watched as Vanessa got out of the car and then stood up to make her way down the steps. She smiled as she noticed Vanessa took in her body in all its glory.
"Hey Carol," Vanessa said as she came around the car and gave her friend a hug.
"Hi," Carol replied stepping back but still with her hands on Vanessa's arms, "I'm glad you came out. I wasn't sure you would."
Vanessa looked at her quizzically, "why not?"
"Well, I wasn't sure that your mom would like it very much."
"Oh, yeah, well I didn't give her much choice."
Carol moved to Vanessa's side and wrapped her arm around her waist, "let's go inside and I'll show you where you can put your things."
"Where's Troy?" Vanessa asked.
"Oh, a tree fell across one of the trails last night. He had to go out and clear it. He should be back shortly," Carol answered.
When they entered the guest bedroom, Carol said, "I'll leave you be. I'll be downstairs when you're ready."
"Wait," Vanessa said, "you don't have to leave."
"I just thought I'd give you some privacy."
"Well," Vanessa laughed as she started to remove her clothing, "in a few moments there won't be anything private that you're not going to see anyways."
Carol laughed, "no, I suppose not." She watched as the young woman removed the last of her clothing, carefully folding them and laying them on the bed.
Vanessa stood there for a moment, "well, think I look presentable?" said commented and then laughed.
Carol looked at her breasts and thought they were perfect. Her gaze moved lower to look at the triangle of pubic hair. It was obviously something that Vanessa kept well-trimmed. She smiled knowing that Troy likes a more natural look. Her own pubic region was returning nicely.
"You are a beautiful woman," Carol said. She could feel her heart beat a little faster and a tingling sensation between her legs. She thought of Diane and the advance that she made a while back. She wondered if Diane was here this weekend. She wanted to find out.
"Why, thank you," Vanessa said with a mock curtsy.
"Well, let me show you around," Carol said as she headed for the doorway.
When they reached the porch, and started descending the steps, Carol asked, "did Troy tell you much about this place?"
"Not really. It was dark when he brought me here last night". Vanessa suddenly realized what she said and looked at Carol wide-eyed.
Carol laughed, "don't worry, I already know."
"You do?"
"Yes," Carol said. "I was in the guest bedroom we were just in."
"Oops, sorry. Hope we didn't keep you awake."
"Not to worry."
Vanessa was silent for a moment, momentarily self-conscious that the sexual activity she was enjoying with Troy was overheard.
"Anyways," Carol started, "you'll only find adults here."
"That's unusual for a nudist camp, isn't it?" Vanessa asked. She had read about nudism, and about how entire families would be present. The one time that she went to the nudist beach she saw people of all ages.
"It is. But the original owners and visitors wanted a place where they could come and be able to get away from kids," Carol answered.
"Well, I can understand that," Vanessa replied contemplating the answer.
"So," Carol continued, taking a breath, "you are apt to see some things that you may not normally see at a nudist setting."
Vanessa furrowed her brows a little, "like what?"
Carol took Vanessa's arm in hers, "people here are inclined to be a little more open in their displays of affection."
Vanessa's brows shot up and a slight smile formed on her face, "you're kidding?"
"Nope."
They walked along the trail that went behind the cabins. Carol let the last bit of information sink in. Carol looked at Vanessa who was looking straight ahead, the slight smile still visible.
Carol was looking off to the side when Vanessa tugged at her arm, "I guess you were kidding," Vanessa said in a soft voice.
Carol looked to see what had caught Vanessa's attention. They spotted a woman sitting in a chaise lounge reading a book. What was unusual was that the woman's feet were on the ground and her free hand was working her crotch vigorously.
"I wonder what the book is," Carol said.
They watched for a little longer and then the woman put the book down and put her other hand on her pussy. She opened her eyes enough to see the two of them standing there. She smiled and closed her eyes again. Carol and Vanessa were frozen in place as the woman brought herself to orgasm.
"Come on," Carol whispered, tugging on Vanessa. She felt the need to leave only because she had felt her own arousal build.
A little way down the path, Vanessa stated, "that was pretty cool".
"What?" Carol asked, not sure where Vanessa's mind was at.
"That someone could feel free enough to do that out in the open," Vanessa said.
"Well, you'll find people here to be a little more open minded than most," Carol offered. "You seem to be adjusting pretty well, have you done this before?"
"What? Going nude?"
Carol nodded.
"Yeah, my boyfriend or ex-boyfriend and I went to a nudist beach once and I fell in love with it," she turned and looked at Carol, "he didn't care for it," Vanessa concluded with a note of sadness in her voice.
"Why not?"
"He compared himself to others and thought he didn't 'measure up'," Vanessa answered, giving air quotes with her fingers. "I tried to tell him that he was being silly and that it didn't matter."
"No luck?"
"Nah, I tried telling him that I liked what he had, but it didn't matter."
"I'm sorry," Carol offered.
"Oh, don't be. We ended up going our separate ways a short while later anyways," Vanessa said with a smile.
"So, you never went back?"
Vanessa shook her head indicating she hadn't, "never had the time between work and school. Though my roommate and I would often go naked at home".
"And you and your roommate never went?"
Vanessa laughed, "no, because we usually ended up together in bed," she said without looking at Carol. She wasn't sure that she should have let that part of her be known. She wasn't embarrassed about being bi. But watching the woman bring herself off and the look on Carol's face let her to believe that people were, indeed, more open here.
"Is this the same roommate that's getting married?" Carol asked.
"Yep, that's the one."
"That's too bad," Carol said in a sympathetic voice. Carol hoped that Troy wouldn't be too long. She definitely wanted to find out if Diane was here this weekend.
Troy was sitting on the front porch when they returned. He looked like he had just gotten back himself as the girls could see that he was still covered in dirt and sawdust.
The girls went up to the porch and sat down. Troy took the opportunity to enjoy the sight before him. He didn't get an opportunity to really look at Vanessa last night as the lights were low. He didn't miss the opportunity now and he really liked what he saw. His penis began to show that it agreed as well.
"Well," Carol started, "did you get the tree taken care of?"
Troy diverted his attention to Carol's question, for which he was grateful as it would hopefully help his penis to not continue to rise.
"I did. But it was a real pain."
"It looks like you brought half of it back," Vanessa said with a laugh.
"Yeah, I need a shower."
Carol stood up, "well, why don't you shower and I'll let you two love birds be." She started down the steps and stopped, turned, and looked at Troy, "you didn't happen to see if Diane and Larry were here did you?"
Troy nodded in the direction of the cabins, "yeah, they're in cabin six."
Carol smiled and said, "thanks. I'll catch up with you two later."
They watched Carol wander off towards the cabins and then Troy stood up, "well, I'm going to shower and get this dirt off of me."
Vanessa stood and asked, "need some help?"
Troy beamed, "well, there are a few places that are hard to reach."
Vanessa slipped her arm in his, "with any luck there'll be something hard for me to reach," she said as she reached down for his cock.
She let go of his erection as they stepped into the shower. She poured some shampoo in her hand and started to lather his head. He tilted his head back and decided to let her do the work until she indicated otherwise. After she had him rinse the shampoo out, she grabbed the bar of soap and began to soap up his skin. She stood behind him as she washed his back. She worked her way down to his butt and then reached around and lathered up his very hard cock. She put the bar of soap down and began stroking it with both hands. It wasn't long before his hips started moving in time with her hands, indicating his imminent eruption. She felt the semen surge the underside of his penis as he shot jet after jet onto the shower wall.
They rinsed and dried each other off and made their way to his bed. He eased her onto her back where he started nibbling at her ear and neck. He moved on the side a little as he felt her reaching for his cock. It had hardly softened since she made him cum in the shower. She let go as he worked his mouth down to her breasts, taking the nipples in, one by one, and twirling his tongue around them. He liked how they became firm under his tongue. He started using hand to caress the breast that his mouth wasn't busy with.
"That feels so nice," she said in a barely audible voice.
He kissed and ran his tongue over her stomach as he moved lower. As his mouth moved over her groin, he could smell her arousal and the aroma was pleasant to his nose. He turned his attention to the other side of her pubic nest, running his nose through the hair. My, how he loved to see a woman who didn't shave their pubes. He always thought that hair was natural and was more sexually appealing that one that was bare. Sure, there was the occasional stray hair in his teeth, but he loved to bury his nose in it. It, too, had a particular scent.
Vanessa's eyes were closed as she savored the feeling of his mouth as it caressed her skin. Her last boyfriend tried to pay attention to her needs but just didn't give it the attention that she was getting now. She gently touched the side of his head, hoping that he would move his wonderful tongue to the center of her heat. But that was not to be as he gently nudged her legs apart. She felt shivers run up and down her as he started kissing the insides of her thighs.
Troy felt the nudge of her hand, but he wanted to build up her arousal a little more before he ran his tongue in her slit. He worked his way down her leg and felt her squirm around a little. She squirmed a little more and he worked his way up the other leg. He paused and lightly ran his fingers behind her knees. He felt her legs widen even more as he reached the juncture of her legs.
Vanessa was lost in a world of pleasure as she felt his tongue slide up the crevice between her leg and her vulva. She placed her hands on his head in anticipation of his next move. When it came, she heaved up her chest and took in a large breath of air as she felt her vaginal lips separate with his tongue. She let out a small groan as she felt his tongue move from her opening to her clit.
Troy gently pushed her legs up and apart a little more to give him better access. This caused her labia to separate. He pulled back just a little to look at the beautiful pussy in front of him. He loved the look of the female anatomy. Her lips were moist and inviting.
He alternated his attention on her vagina and her clitoris. Each time he reached her clit, he would either twirl it with his tongue or gently nibble on it with his lips. He moved to the side just a little so that he could insert a couple of fingers into her. He rotated his hand and curled his fingers so that the rubbed the top of her tunnel.
Vanessa lost all awareness of her surroundings as the sensations emanating from her mid-section roared through her body and consumed her mind. She clasped the back of his head and drew him tighter, bucking her hips up and down as she peaked. She gritted her teeth and grunted as wave after wave of intense pleasure ripped through her.
Troy had to fight to get breaths of air as she rode through her orgasm. He tried to make sure that his tongue never lost contact as she started moving her hips up and down rapidly. He felt a flood of fluid gush against his face and into his mouth. It wasn't until he felt a tug on the back of his head that he stopped. But he only moved away from her slit and started kissing the crease next to her leg and her thighs, leaving a trail of her juices.
She pulled him up towards her as she slowly opened her eyes. She looked at him through her glassy eyes and smiled. She closed them again as he began to kiss her. First it was gentle kisses on her lips and she responded by opening her mouth to let his tongue in.
Vanessa slowly rolled Troy onto his back, her legs straddling him. She never took her eyes off of him as she reached down and found his erect cock. She stroked it a few times and then ran the head up and down her slit, coating it with her wetness. She placed it at her opening and let go of it. She continued to look at him as she slowly moved her hips down, his shaft entering her depths.
Troy felt himself slide into her. It was wet, warm, and snug. He looked at her breasts as they swung back and forth as she moved up and down his cock. He raised his head and reached out for one with his mouth. She smiled and lowered her chest to give him better access.
She moved up and down on him a little faster. She smiled as he closed his eyes and laid his head back down. She felt his hands on her hips. She started sliding back and forth, allowing her clit to rub up against his pubic bone. She could feel herself start another orgasm.
He tightened his grip on her hips and helped her moved back and forth. He felt the end of his cock become more and more sensitive and a building of pressure deep inside him. He thrust his hips up trying to drive his cock into her as deep as he could as the pressure released and flooded her insides. He didn't feel her shiver as she reached her peak just after him.
She collapsed on top of him. Both were breathing heavily as his arms wrapped around her. His penis softened and slid out of her, allowing their combined cum to seep out and pool on top of him. Neither of them cared.
She woke a short while later and found herself on her side, his arm still wrapped around her. She looked up and saw him looking at her. She smiled as he kissed her forehead. He felt his penis harden once more and he rolled her onto her back. She smiled as she took him and guided him to the entrance of her vagina. With one slow push, Troy sank all the way in. He slowly moved in and out, his knees between her legs and his hands near her shoulders.
He felt her hands grab his ass as she encouraged him to go faster. As the familiar pressure built within, he closed his eyes and drove into her with more force.
"That's it baby, let it go, give it to me," Vanessa whispered.
Troy arched his back and groaned as the semen surged through his body and deep inside her. Only when the last of the jets subsided and the head of his cock became less sensitive did he stop. He felt her legs wrap around his waist, locking him in. Her arms wrapped around his neck as she drew him in for a kiss.
To avoid crushing her, he rolled off to the side. But Vanessa kept her legs and arms wrapped around him, keeping his softening cock inside her. The sweat stuck to their skin. Vanessa smiled at her lover and she hoped, her boyfriend.
"I think you need another shower," she said.
"Wanna give me a hand?" he asked.
*
Troy and Vanessa held hands as they walked down the pathway. They were nearing the lake when Vanessa asked, "can I ask about you and Carol?"
"Yeah, why?"
"Well, I've seen the way she looked at you earlier today and figured that there was something between the two of you," Vanessa responded in a way that conveyed curiosity.
"Well, she and I have, well," Troy had difficulty responding. He wasn't going to lie, but he didn't want to mess up anything with the girl he was holding hands with.
"You two have had sex?" Vanessa asked straight out.
Troy nodded, "yeah, we have."
"I could tell," she said as she drew his hand closer to him as a sign that it wasn't bothering her.
"How could you tell?" Troy asked, he hadn't seen anything.
"Oh, a girl knows. That and the way she gazed at your beautiful cock," she said as she reached over with her other hand and patted it gently.
Troy remained silent. Vanessa smiled and clenched his hand a little as they continued walking. She knew that she was falling in love with Troy. She knew from previous failed relationships that many things go into making a relationship successful. Sex wasn't the only thing that was important but it was important just the same. She made her mind up after her last relationship that she needed to know that whomever she was with that they were sexually compatible. That included desires, likes and dislikes, how each other thought about certain things.
"Carol and I were walking while you were getting dirty with that tree," Vanessa started.
"Yeah?"
"And we came up on a woman who was reading."
"Okay," Troy said
"Well, she must have been reading something pretty hot."
"Why's that?" Troy asked, having a good idea what happened.
"Well, we ended up stopping because her hand was busy bringing herself off."
Troy chuckled a little, "that must have been Doris."
They walked a little further, "Carol said to expect something like that here."
Troy nodded, "yeah, that's true. I remember my first time here, Gerry was showing me around. You know getting to know the lay of the land."
Vanessa looked at him with a little smile.
"Well, we came across this couple and the guy had his head buried between her legs," Troy said and smiled as he recalled the scene.
"Oh, wow. That must have been something," Vanessa replied with a note of excitement in her voice.
"That wasn't the half of it," he said.
"What do you mean?"
"That was his mother's legs he was between," Troy grinned and looked at Vanessa.
"Oh my god," Vanessa said as she grinned as well. She liked to read erotica and had read a number of incest stories. She found them arousing because of the taboo nature. But she never anticipated it for real.
Troy asked her, "it doesn't bother you?"
"What?" Vanessa asked.
"That it was a mother and son."
Vanessa thought for a moment and shook her head, "no, not really."
"That's good. Because you may see them when you least expect it."
"Really?"
Troy looked at her, smiled and nodded his head, his mind recalling the time he saw them in the middle of having sex in front of their cabin.
"Wow," Vanessa said, thinking that maybe she'd get to witness that sometime. She clenched his hand again.
They rounded a curve and the lake came into view. The water looked cool and Vanessa thought it would feel good on her skin after walking in the sun for the last bit. She let go of Troy's hand, shook off her sandals, and ran a few feet into the water before diving in. Troy was right behind her.
Vanessa broke the surface and stood up. The water came to just above her waist. Troy looked as the water cascaded off her shoulders and down her breasts. He smiled as he saw her nipples become firm with the cold water. She tilted her head forward and then flung it back, sweeping her hair back with her hands at the same time.
"God, this feels good. I thought it would be ice cold," Vanessa exclaimed.
"The lake is shallow enough that the sun is able to keep from being too cold," Troy said.
"I'd be out here every day if I could," Vanessa said.
They swam around for a little before Vanessa made her way to the platform that was just a few yards away. Troy lagged behind enjoying the sight of her backside as she swam away. She reached the platform and hoisted herself onto it and sat down, her feet dangling in the water. She watched as Troy slipped under the water and swam towards her. Seeing where he was headed, she parted her legs and shifted just a little. She smiled when he broke the surface just in front of her, his eyes glued to her pussy.
"See anything you like?" she asked coyly.
Troy smiled and looked up at her. He didn't say a word as he looked back down, put her legs over his shoulders, and buried his tongue between her open labia. Vanessa leaned back on her hands while he worked his magic. It wasn't long before he brought to orgasm. Not quite the earth shattering one of earlier, but she gushed onto his face once again while clamping her thighs around his head.
"You're going to be the death of me yet," she said as they made their way back to shore.
"Yeah, but what a way to go," Troy replied.
He took her hand in his as they slipped their sandals back on and continued down the pathway. They held hands and soon they saw a woman heading their way.
Vanessa estimated that she was probably in her mid to late 50's. There were strands of gray hair on her head and between her legs. She thought that she was a very nice looking woman.
"Well, hello Troy," the woman said.
"Hello, Louise," Troy replied. He turned to look at Vanessa and then to Louise, "Vanessa, this is Louise. Louise, Vanessa."
Louise offered her hand, "so nice to meet you dear. I don't think I've seen you here before. This your first time?"
"Yes, it is actually," Vanessa responded.
"Vanessa's mom is Nancy Gibbons," Troy explained to Louise.
"I hear that your mom is a little reluctant to visit," Louise said.
"Yeah, but I'm working on it," Vanessa laughed.
"Good for you."
"I haven't seen Eric. Is he here?" Troy asked.
"Oh, yes. He and Tina," Louise looked at Vanessa and explained, "that's his girlfriend," and then she looked back at Troy, "wanted a little time to themselves, so to speak. A third wheel is not always wanted, you see, so I'm out enjoying today's fine weather."
"It is nice out," Vanessa agreed.
"You are a very lucky girl, Vanessa," nodding towards Troy. "You make sure that he continues to treat you well," she concluded with a smile for each of them.
"I will," Vanessa replied.
"Well, you two enjoy your walk, I'll be getting on my way," Louise said.
They said their goodbyes and turned and watched Louise head down the path. Turning back forward, Troy took Vanessa's hand and they continued around the lake.
"Remember I told you about my first day here?" Troy asked.
"Yeah, and the son that was going down on his mother?"
"Yeah, well, that's the mother."
"Louise?"
"One and the same," Troy said looking at Vanessa and smiling. "Did you catch how she said to make sure that I continue to treat you well?"
"Yeah, it was kinda odd," Vanessa replied.
"I have a feeling she was watching us," Troy laughed.
"You're kidding."
Troy nodded to the two cabins on the other side of the lake, "Nope, she and Eric, plus Tina apparently, are staying in the cabin on the right."
Vanessa brought her hand to her mouth but broke out into a grin at the same time, "Oh my god, here I am talking about seeing others have sex in public and here we are while others watch us."
Troy asked, "I'm sorry, maybe I shouldn't have."
Vanessa slapped his arm, "don't be. I'd do it again in a heartbeat."
They turned around and headed back towards the house. They were quiet. Troy was feeling an incredible amount of joy that he didn't want to end.
Vanessa broke the silence, "Can I ask you a question?"
"You can ask me anything."
"When you and Carol are having sex, well, do you love her?"
Troy figured he needed to be careful how he worded his answer. He sure as hell didn't want to lose Vanessa, "well, yes and no."
"How so?"
"Well, I love her as a friend but no I'm not in love with her, if that's what you mean."
"Is she in love with you?"
"No, we were both not involved with anyone and, well, sex with her was fun."
"You speak in past tense, if we weren't dating, would she have spent last night in your bedroom instead of the guest bedroom?"
"Yeah, probably, I guess, I don't know," Troy worked to get the words out. "But that was before I become serious with you."
Vanessa smiled, she was glad that Troy took their growing relationship seriously as did she. "Did you see the way she looked at you today?"
Troy shook his head, "no."
"Or the way she gazed at your handsome looking cock,"
Troy again shook his head, "no."
She squeezed his hand a little to try and reassure him, "I hope that you continue to give her the same attention as you gave me today."
Troy remained silent and tried to rein in his thoughts as they were all over the place. "I don't understand."
"I've known Carol for a long time. She's like a second mom to me. I know that she's very special to my mom as well."
Vanessa stopped and turned to face Troy, holding his hands in hers, "I'm very serious about us too. I just don't want to see Carol left out or hurt."
Troy couldn't believe what he was hearing. He would never cheat on a woman he was involved with. He had wished that in his prior relationship that she was a little more inclined to try things. It was like his wish was being granted.
Vanessa put a finger to his lips, "now that doesn't mean you can go around putting this into any pussy that you feel inclined to," she said as she wrapped her fingers around his semi-hard penis.
"Are you serious?" Troy asked, wanting to make sure that he understood Vanessa clear enough.
Vanessa smiled, not telling him that there may be other opportunities for the two of them. But she'd have to wait and see.
"Would it bother you if I told you that I think it would be hot to watch the two of you together sometime?" Vanessa asked.
"You would?" Troy asked with a significant amount of surprise in his voice.
"I would," Vanessa said.
Troy's emotions and thoughts shifted 180 degrees from a moment ago. He visualized having sex with Carol and Vanessa at the same time. He also envisioned Carol and Vanessa together. He didn't realize that his penis went from flaccid to pointing straight out.
"Well, I guess that answers that question," Vanessa said as she wrapped her hand around his erection.
*
Carol wasn't at the house when they arrived back there. But they could hear laughter coming from the clubhouse area.
Troy took Vanessa's hand, "come on, let me show you the clubhouse, or what there is of one."
He didn't let go of her hand as they headed towards to the source of the noise.
"Well, hey Troy, there you are. We were wondering where you went," piped in Larry.
Troy smiled and shook his head, "Vanessa, this is Larry, and the lady next to him is his wife, Diane."
Diane slapped her husband's arm, "see, he calls me a lady. Why don't you?" she said with a laugh.
Larry leaned over and whispered something in Diane's ear which caused her to burst out laughing. Larry looked at Troy, "have to remind her every now and then why I married her."
That was enough information for Troy so he just shook his head and pointed to another couple, "that's Arlene and Otis Reid. This is Vanessa everyone, she's Nancy's daughter."
Arlene greeted her "very nice to meet you, Vanessa. Welcome to our little community."
Vanessa looked around and said, "thank you. This is an amazing place." She paused for a moment, "I just wish I could get my mother out here."
"We hope you do too," said Diane, "we want to extend our appreciation for her keeping the place just as it is." She turned to look at Troy, "and to have this fine looking young man to take care of things that need attention."
Vanessa smiled inwardly at the double meaning of Diane's statement. She watched Diane as she made no attempt to hide the fact that she was staring at Troy's penis dangling between his legs.
All heads turned as the screen door squeaked and Carol stepped out, "there you two are. I was wondering what happened to you."
"We were wondering the same thing," added Larry.
"Well," Troy started, "I was just showing Vanessa around."
Troy pulled out a couple of chairs and pulled a couple of towels off of a nearby stack. Vanessa took the hint and spread the towel out on the chair before sitting.
"So," Diane started, "Carol tells me that you're senior at the university?"
"I am."
Larry cocked his head a little, "what are you studying?"
"Well, my major is in Natural Resource Management with a minor in Literature."
Larry sat back, "I'm impressed." He looked at Troy, "you need to hire this girl to help manage this place."
"Well, I don't know about that," Vanessa responded.
Troy offered, "I do. There are some stands of trees that probably need some attention."
"And don't forget, Troy," Larry said, "the algae buildup in the upper pond."
"That's right too."
Vanessa knew that both of those were right up her alley and the idea of managing a thousand-acre natural setting, especially this one, would be tempting. She looked at Carol who was looking at Troy now and then. She also noticed that her little finger and Diane's little finger were hooked together.
Vanessa looked at the clock on the wall above the screen door and leaned over to whisper to Troy, "I told my mother that I'd be back in time for dinner. I should leave soon."
Troy looked at the clock and then her, "okay. We'll head back to the house." He stood up and so did Vanessa, "well, she needs to be getting home."
"It was so nice to meet everyone," Vanessa said with a certain amount of sorrow as she would have liked to stay and gotten to know the people more.
"Come back soon," Larry said.
"I plan on it," Vanessa replied as she turned and headed back to the house with Troy.
She had gotten her clothes back on and stepped up to Troy, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Thank you for a wonderful afternoon. I wish I could live out here." She shrugged her shoulders, "it feels strange to have clothes back on. I wish I could take them off."
"Me too," Troy said.
She closed her eyes and kissed Troy with a passion she hadn't felt in a long time. Troy responded and their tongues started a familiar dance. They each drew the other in tighter.
They separated, each with a smile. Troy was overcome with emotion and whispered, "I think I'm falling in love with you."
Vanessa's smile grew even more, "I know I am with you."
They kissed some more as Vanessa's hands made their way to his buttocks. She squeezed his butt cheeks and pulled him closer, causing his cock to grind against her.
"Troy," Vanessa said, leaving her arms around his neck, "I know Carol spent last night in the guest room."
Troy nodded his head indicating that she did.
"If she wants to spend tonight in your bed, please let her, like we talked about."
Troy still wasn't sure, he had never met a woman like Vanessa before.
"You heard me. Remember what we talked about earlier?" Vanessa asked. "I think sex is for expressing love as well as having fun. Carol wants you and I want her to have you."
"Are you sure?" Troy asked.
"I am."
"What about us?" Troy asked with concern.
"Don't worry about us. I'm falling in love with you quickly. I want to be with you as much as possible. We both love sex and I want to be able to share you with special people."
"Like Carol."
"Like Carol, only next time I'm here and she's here, I want the three of us to be together," Vanessa said, feeling Troy's hardness poking into her pelvic area.
Vanessa smiled inwardly. She was confident that Troy was at least as open minded as she was. She wanted to explore and experiment with sex. She was in love with Troy and she knew he was with her. She felt confident that he'd be loyal to her and she knew she would be to him.
Troy knew that his feelings for Vanessa were growing strong. He resisted the temptation to get involved in another relationship as the last one ended so badly. He would never do anything to hurt Vanessa. The thought of watching her and Carol together, though, was very exciting for him.
They kissed one last time before she climbed into her car and he watched as it disappeared around the corner. He turned and looked towards the clubhouse and saw Carol walking towards the house. He turned and started her direction.
*
Vanessa called her mother after she passed through the gate, "Hi, mom. I'm on my way home."
"Okay, dear, I'll get started on dinner."
"Okay, mom. I should only be about 20 minutes."
"See you soon."
"Love you, mom."
"Love you, too."
Vanessa smiled and felt a high level of joy. She thinks she may have finally found someone who thinks like her and has similar thoughts. She saw Troy in her mind's eye and her smile grew even wider with a hint of a tear in the corner of her eye.
She pulled into the driveway and stepped out. She took a deep breath, wondering what kind of conversation she might end up having with her mother. She entered the house and closed the front door behind her, "Mom, I'm home," she called out.
"I'm in the kitchen," came the reply.
Vanessa stepped into the kitchen and watched as her mom turned around and faced her, "Mom, you're naked," she cried out. She looked at her mother's figure from head to toe and back again. She ended looking at her mom with a smile.
"Well, it was your idea," Nancy replied.