The following entry into theNude Day Story Contest 2023includes a reality created by the writer and is not bound by money, weather, political beliefs, or the laws of Montana. In other words, show up at Beartooth naked. If you dare.
____________________________________
"Wanna have some fun?"
The voice, a familiar one, comes from beyond the fence. Accepting my fate, I've undertaken yard work under the rising June sun here in Texas, and boy has it heated up quickly. No way this grass can last another day without a good cut, then some water. Not that I want to stop, but the words are a welcome reason to perhaps momentarily do so.
"Of course." I reply as I let go of my trimmer with right hand, now holding it with my left.
The gate opens, and much to my surprise, Anna walks through, wearing a swimsuit of all things.
Normally, Anna is topless, sometimes completely naked. So this swimsuit is not expected. When we bought this house, the one concession I had to make was that there was no room in the backyard for a shop for my motorcycle. The large pool taking up most of the back left no room for a shed, or anything else.
That was several years ago. Fast forward from that moment of purchase. I was out front working on my bike when Anna and her husband, Derek, arrived to inspect the next door home for sale. Derek, it turned out, also had a bike, and he walked across the grass between the homes to introduce himself.
"Hi. Nice bike. I'm Derek." He says, putting out his hand.
"Call me Zoo." I say, taking his hand.
"Okay, Zoo. I had to at least say hello to a fellow biker."
It wasn't a particularly hot day, but our conversation lasted at least 30 minutes as we talked about motorcycles. I had a Harley Fatboy; he had an Indian Roadmaster. Needless to say, we could have talked for hours.
"I'll bring Anna by once we're done checking out this house."
"Sounds great." I replied as I returned to my Harley.
"Who was that?" Nancy asked, coming out as Derek entered the house to join his wife.
"That was Derek. He and his wife, Anna, are checking out the house. He has an Indian, so we hit it off pretty quickly."
Nancy helped me clean out the saddlebags, and we straightened up the garage after I got the Harley back inside. Just as we were closing up, Derek returned with Anna.
"Well, we're done in there. This is Anna." Derek said, introducing us.
"And this is Nancy. How did the house look?"
"Okay. we really are looking for something with a pool. We checked this house out because we had hoped to put in both a pool along and a nice shed for the bike. This backyard won't let us do both. At least our realtor hit a homerun with the neighbors."
"Yep. I had to give up the shed because of the size of the pool. It was a concession worth making. This location is so great. Do y'all need something to drink?" I asked with a sound of disappointment in my voice.
"Do you have a bottle of water?" Anna asked.
"Sure. Right this way." Nancy answered and had Anna follow her into the garage to our spare frig.
What happened next made this day impossible to forget.
"I'm going to show Anna around our house to compare floorplans." Nancy said as they headed into the house through the door by the garage frig.
"Sounds good." I reply.
As they head in, Derek and I resume talking bikes and local riding clubs and rallies around the country. We've actually been to quite a few of the same gatherings, albeit at different times.
As I look back, we probably talked long enough for the girls to explore our house, but it seemed like just a few minutes passed when Anna re-entered the garage.
"Hey, Nancy is getting me a suit, and we're going to jump into the pool. Shouldn't be but a minute to cool off." Anna announced before going back inside.
"Well, that's interesting. Guess we'll be late for our next house appointment." Derek replied to no one in particular.
"Dude, once you see this pool, you'll understand why I gave up the shed. Come on in."
Upon entering, I gave Derek a cursory tour of the house. Bathroom there, kitchen here in the open concept living area, game room off the dining area with a view of the pool. My brain almost exploded as we looked out back over the pool. Anna and Nancy had just entered from the outdoor bathroom in swimming suits.
It was evident Nancy's suit was too big for Anna, but they were laughing as they approached the pool. I had to get outside.
"You want something stronger than water before we go outside?" I asked Derek.
"One beer would be okay I think." He replied.
"Damn, you weren't kidding. This pool is amazing." Derek exclaimed as we got outside, beers in hand.
From the hot tub and waterfall feeding water into the pool, to the nice beach entrance, this is one of those oasis pools you see in magazines. Throw in the full bathroom and full outdoor kitchen, it's a wonder we even use the inside of the house. I did have to install the flat screen tv near the kitchen and surround sound system. Outdoor string lights complete the space.
I'm not sure why I didn't see it coming, but in retrospect, I was clearly distracted by the motorcycle talk.
"Well, you were right, Nancy." I heard Anna say as she looks at Derek.
"So, Zoo, I kinda figured this might happen. Essentially, that suit is too big for Anna, and she might end up naked. Do you mind?"
"Only if you do." I reply, not knowing what to expect.
As we sit, the girls continue swimming around, smiling while they talk. Soon enough, Anna's top gets tossed to the side. As hard as it is, I somehow manage to maintain focus on my conversation with Derek. We both stop talking when Anna and Nancy exit the pool to return to the bathroom.
They both have their backs to us, but I catch a glimpse of Anna's hanging tits, but that's about it as she walks straight inside. Unsurprisingly, Nancy has kept her suit on, but her ass hangs out for us to devour with our eyes.
Nancy has gone naked in our pool, of course. I certainly didn't expect her to do so for two people we just met, but her ass is amazing and I can't wait to pound it later.
I'm pretty sure it will happen sooner than later when both she and Anna walk out of the bathroom wrapped in towels. Anna has her clothes in her hand.
"Nancy says I can borrow a towel so we can get to our next appointment." She tells Derek.
"We'll get you guys out front. Let's walk around the side yard." I tell both of them, leading the way alongside the house.
As we get closer to their car in the driveway next door, Anna tosses me her towel and gets into the car. My mind is absolutely exploding as I watched her ass one more time.
"Thanks, Zoo. I bet we come back for one more look at this house." Derek says, fistbumping me as he looks past me, eyes widening ever so slightly.
I think I know what he saw as I come across a towel on the path leading to the backyard oasis.
Within minutes, I'm back at the pool, staring at my now-naked wife who has re-entered the water. Showing her both towels in my hand, I strip quickly, and jump in and drag her to me. Nancy was obviously ready for me as she impales herself onto my cock.
"That was crazy. I can't believe how uninhibited Anna is."
"Yep, she dropped her towel out front. And now look at you. Did anyone see you drop your towel?" I ask Nancy as she grinds on me and create small waves of water between us.
"Maybe just my ass. I ran pretty quickly." She moans as we both envision her naked body visible to our new friends.
"You are amazing. I have no plans to share you, but I am certainly turned on by other people seeing you." I moan in return as the waves of an orgasm overtake me.
In fact, we were both overtaken and moved in unison to really body shaking orgasms. I wouldn't trade this pool for a shed at any time, in any universe, no matter what.
The next day, Nancy and I went for a short ride. When we got home, I was prepping the Harley to go back into the garage when I heard the familiar rumblings of another bike down the street. Sure enough, it was Derek and Anna. Nancy and I stopped what we were doing to greet them as they pulled up to a stop.
Apparently we were already past handshakes, and the hugs all around were like we had been longtime friends. Anna and Nancy immediately went around back while I took a moment to compliment Derek on his Indian.
"So, confession time. Right before we left, Anna suggested I give you my phone number last night. You guys didn't take long, did you?" Derek asked.
"Yeah, Nancy is pretty inhibited in front of people, but we usually enjoy the pool naked on our own. Sorry about whatever you saw. Still, we're glad to see you guys."
"We're back to make a business proposition of sorts. If you like it, yesterday was just a taste of things to come, so to speak." Derek began, and from there his idea led us to this current point in time.
It was an easy decision. Derek and Anna liked the house so much, not to mention the really cool neighbors, that they offered to build a custom shed for our motorcycles if only we would agree to build a gate in the fence between our backyards so they could use the pool as if it were their own.
Regaining use of our garage for actual cars, and sharing a pool in order to have a custom workshop turned into the ideal living arrangement. So, as time rolled on, it was quite normal for a very naked Anna to come through the gate and go swimming. Suit, or no, Anna's entrance was a welcome sight.
"Hey Anna. I was just getting going on some yard work. What's up?" I reply with a smile. Anna's body is barely concealed in her bikini.
"I was thinking we could really make a grand entrance at Beartooth next month. Wanna hear how?" She smiles as she walks to the water's edge to wet her toes in the beach entrance.
'Beartooth' is this year's big splurge for both Derek and myself. We usually just hit a few local rallies, but we decided to make a longer road trip to Montana this summer with the girls. It's the biggest rally in Montana in any given year, and the weather is looking spectacular this go round.
"What do you have in mind?" I ask as Anna removes her top and wades into the water.
"I was just thinking we could make a really big splash on July 14." Anna says just as she dips her entire body into the pool.
July 14? I wonder to myself what she means.
"July 14?" I ask as Anna reappears from under the water.
"Have you never heard of July 14th?" Anna asks as she swims to the side of the pool closest to me and nonchalantly puts her bikini bottom on the side of the pool.
"Nope."
"It's National Nude Day, and I have just a few weeks to get your wife to join in the fun with me. What do you think?"
"National Nude Day? Is that what I think it means?"
"Yep."
"And your plan is....?"
"Since we moved here, Nancy has never been fully nude in front of Derek. She and I almost always swim completely naked. But, she gets inhibited in front of him."
"And?"
"I need her to join me on July 14. I want to enter the rally that day completely nude, and I want to stay that way all day long. It's just that simple."
"I could see her getting naked here, but in front of thousands? Not so sure." I answer, envisioning our wives riding in the back of our bikes to a very large rally.
Nancy has never even ridden topless with me. We've seen plenty of that, for sure. Heck, we've even seen riders having full on sex. That is some crazy I could never imagine with my wife.
"What's your plan?" I ask with some actual interest.
"First, get Nancy naked whenever you can. Second, let me and Derek do the rest. We'll innocently push boundaries, and any encouragement you offer should put her over the top."
"I'm in."
"Then, show us what you have because here she comes."
I turn around and see Nancy in her bikini closing the door as she exits the house. I decide to intercept her, and get up.
"Will you do two things for me?" I ask.
"Sure?" Nancy answers somewhat quizzically.
"Will you go get me a beer, but come back naked. Anna is already naked, and I want to see you naked as well."
"Ummm...okay."
"Now, text Derek to come over in a few minutes, if you get my drift." Anna tells me when I get back to the water.
Things progress in short order. Nancy comes out with a towel around her waist and her glorious breasts on full display. She hands me the beer, drops her towel, and enters the water with no bikini anywhere in sight. While she is underwater, I stealthily move her towel as far from the pool as possible, gulp down the beer, and then head to do some quick trimming around the path between our houses.
Once I'm finished, I shed my shirt in the dry heat and head back to return the trimmer to our shared shed. There I encounter Derek.
"What's up, dude." He asks.
"Well, I think Anna is cooking up some surprises for Nancy, and you're about to be the first one. Got any beers handy? I need to keep this buzz going."
"Sure."
Derek returns to his house, then comes out with a couple of beers.
"I think the best thing to do is that we just walk in and sit down to talk about bikes, or whatever. Just pretend you don't even notice the girls in the water. They are both naked." I tell Derek as we approach the still open gate.
Following our impromptu script, we enter the pool area, and go sit down in the shade. Taking in the view of the girls in the water is the bonus as we discuss our plans for Beartooth.
What I don't anticipate is Nancy pulling a surprise move of sorts. She and Anna both move to the beach entry and lay on their stomachs in the shallow water. Both of their naked bodies glisten in the sunshine and no doubt they could stay there a long time as the water keeps them cool.
Derek looks at me and makes the next move. He gets up and walks to the girls.
"Can I get you two incredibly beautiful women anything? Anything at all?"
"Let's start with some beers, and probably some water to keep us hydrated." Anna replies, and Derek ambles off.
Upping the ante, Anna turns over to watch him walk away, and Nancy joins her. She quickly turns back over when he returns the first time with water.
As it turns out, this is a good start, although a slow one. Both Anna and Nancy get out of the pool while Derek was fetching beers, and they are wrapped up in towels.
"Ah darn." Derek exclaimed when he returned to find both girls at the table and covered up.
"Okay, big guy. You can get in naked whenever you want. We're taking a break." Anna tells him with a smile.
"Challenge accepted. Zoo?"
"Sure, why not."
And with that, we stand in front of our women and strip down. After a few whistles and catcalls, we both walk into the water, put our beers on the side of the pool, and then cool off in the water.
After a few more beers brought by a very much naked Anna, Derek gets out and heads to the bathroom.
"I'm gonna shower. Wanna scrub my back?" He asks Anna.
"Sure. Then you can do mine." She answers and gets up to join him.
Once they're inside and we can hear the shower running, Nancy jumps into the water with me. I have no doubt both couples are enjoying each other. Nancy and I become one, and we hold each other to kiss as long as I can ever remember us doing.
In fact, it's so long that Derek and Anna reappear from the bathroom.
"We'll leave you two to it. Have a nice evening." They tell us as they leave.
Nancy and I don't miss a beat and quickly begin moving as one.
"Damn, that was hot watching both of you get naked for us, and now we're fucking." Nancy is on fire as she moves more and more quickly.
"Just seeing your hot ass in the water got my blood flowing. I can't believe you're mine. Now go ahead and finish."
Needless to say, we head inside, recover with a shower and dinner, then get into a second round of lovemaking. I'm not sure, but Nancy seems quite turned on after having been naked outside with Derek there.
I wake to another surprise. Then again, it's for sure a little Anna business. Not that I mind. Nancy is going through her suits, picking out several and takes them downstairs where I'm savoring some coffee.
"What's up?" I ask, eyeing not my naked wife, but the bunch of suits in her hands.
"Anna asked me to come take pictures with her in our suits on Derek's Indian. Something about a magazine calendar contest. Doesn't Harley do something like that?"
"You see lots of independent calendars, but I don't think they're very profitable anymore. Which suit will you start with?"
"I'm not sure. I think I'll just wrap up in a towel and we can choose."
"Sounds good. I have some online meetings this morning. If you need anything, I'll have a short break in about an hour."
"Okay, hon. Wish me luck." Nancy gives me a quick kiss and heads out topless to our neighbors house.
Whether or not she texts me, I'm planning on going over during my break. And when I do, I am treated to quite the sight. Both girls are on the Indian; Nancy sits behind Anna, holding her in a reclining position. Nancy appears completely naked, but I catch a glimpse of her bikini bottom. Anna, however, is sitting with her legs spread out over the handlebars, and she is naked and completely wide open. I've seen her naked plenty of times. But, I've never seen her pussy so clearly. It is a delicious sight, and Nancy dials up the heat when she sees me by grabbing Anna's tits and holding them out for the camera.
Not even daring to say a word, I know I'll have many questions. I decide to keep watching. Derek is wearing only a pair of boxer briefs, and his hardon has totally tented the material. Who can blame him? Walking over to him, I have an idea.
"You're having too much fun. Can I take a few pictures of Nancy?" I ask, motioning for the camera.
"Sure. Ladies, change places please." He directs.
And change they do. Anna gets on first once they dismount, and welcomes Nancy into her arms. Keeping her eyes on me, Nancy sits in front of Anna, and then surprises everyone when she removes her bikini bottom. Now wide open for me and Derek, Nancy closes her eyes and loses herself in the shoot. I'm able to move around and get several very special shots I never thought I would see. Nancy then goes all out. She opens her eyes, looks directly at me through the camera, and uses her fingers to open her pussy. As I zoom in just a little, her fingers linger ever so slightly, then plunge into between her pussy lips.
Anna seizes the opportunity and grabs Nancy's tits and holds her in place. Nancy is now able to completely finger fuck herself. When she closes her eyes, I hand the camera back to Derek and almost run up to Nancy. Landing on my knees, I dive into her pussy face first. She is absolutely soaking wet, and I lick up all her juices. Looking up, I see Nancy still has her eyes closed, but Derek has worked his way behind the girls and is taking pictures of my face devouring Nancy.
I make a decision which ultimately works out in my favor. I get up, leaving Nancy in the throes of an oncoming orgasm, and head back to my office. Missing a meeting with the boss would not be a good look. As I walk out of the shed, Nancy is clearly completely lost in herself, and her fingers are feverishly working her pussy while Anna and Derek begin kissing. Whatever pictures Derek needs after this point will clearly have to wait. If, indeed that was his original intent.
As my meeting ends, Nancy enters the office, and she is still naked. Without saying a word, she comes to my desk, kneels in front of me and begins working on the zipper on my pants. Leaning back, I quickly harden as Nancy takes me in her hands. With perfect light strokes, Nancy moves her hands up and down my cock, kissing the head with every other stroke. The nerves in my cock react and my balls tighten quickly. Nancy grabs them with her left hand, holds my cock in her right, and begins moving her lips up and down my shaft. Her blowjobs are always so fabulous, and I only wish I had her pussy on my face. That will wait as I look down at Nancy. We make eye contact, and I unload my cum into her mouth.
Nancy completely sucks me until the spasms stop, then licks me clean. Putting me back into my pants and zipping them up, she bounces out of the room. I don't even need to rearrange my package as I get ready for one last meeting.
From my office, I'm able to see Nancy go outside to the pool where she quickly rinses off in the outdoor shower, then lays down in the beach entry on a short lounger. The water will keep her cool as I'm sure she needs to recover. I also get a nice text from Derek.
"Dude! That was so hot. Anna just now finished fucking me. I'll put the pictures on a thumb drive for you."
I return the text with an update on the blowjob, and we make plans to grill a little dinner tonight. I wonder how Anna will use that meal to her advantage.
As it turns out, it's not Anna, but Nancy who takes command of the situation. Wearing nothing but a short kitchen apron, we are treated to her delectable body all night. Anna and Nancy relish our attention as they both eventually get naked for our dinner. Derek and I happily consume the scenery, and the meal lasts well past sundown.
"I'm so tired. Can we just snuggle?" Nancy asks me as we get into bed.
"Sure. You wore me out as well." I smile back as we enter the bed, both naked.
Holding Nancy with her back to me, she falls into a deep slumber. My dick isn't quite ready to follow my lead. Instead, it hardens and I snuggle it in between her ass cheeks. Nancy moves ever so graciously to allow me access to her pussy, and I rub myself into her folds. Rather than waking up, Nancy stays asleep and allows me to hold and fuck her. With my dick now covered in her juices, I remove myself and put my dick at the entrance of her asshole. We don't do anal very often, so I put only the head of my dick inside. She is so tight, and I hold my position as long as I can. Nancy is semi-conscious at best, so I pull out and fall asleep.
"Yesterday sure was interesting." I groggily tell Nancy as we both awake the next morning.
"Some sort of freedom just overtook me. I can't explain it, but I just felt safe and wanted to explore. Knowing you might walk in at any time really got me to thinking, and when you did so, I just lost myself in the moment."
"Derek should be getting a thumb drive of the pictures to me today. I can't wait to see all of them." I tell Nancy, licking my lips.
"Cool. Anna and I want you guys to take us on a ride today. We want to try out some outfits for the ride up to Beartooth."
Even though I had my suspicions, I went along with the idea, and we were soon on the road. We stopped for a quick breakfast, then headed out of town toward a well-known hamburger joint on the backroads. Frequented by bikers from all over, Derek and I are sure we've probably been there at the same time. It's funny how life brings people together.
Just out of town, Anna and Nancy put their plan in motion. Wearing what I can only describe as athletic shorts and light matching tank tops, they clearly left all underwear at home. Just outside the city limits, both girls remove their tops and ride that way for a few miles. Putting away her first top, Nancy matches Anna move by move and they both put on new tops. Looking at Anna, and then Nancy in my side view mirror, their tits are hanging out on top of very sheer material which covers only their stomachs.
"Pull over when you can. It's just for a moment." Nancy tells me.
Derek follows suit, and we pick a clean spot on the side of the road. There, Anna and Nancy get off our bikes, pull the shirt material up over their tits, then remove their shorts. Working bottomless, and in no apparent hurry, they put up their first outfits, and put on matching skirts which zip up on the side. I really like this look.
Back on the road, it's not long before Nancy has unzipped her skirt, and I can feel her pussy rubbing on my lower back. Looking over at my riding partner, Anna removes her shirt. Without it on, and her skirt also unzipped, she is now completely naked, or at least as naked as one can get and still be able to cover up at a moment's notice.
Keeping in mind Anna's ultimate goal of riding into Beartooth completely naked for an entire day, I'd say our chances are pretty good. Little did I know what was in store to make this a reality.
They wore the same outfits at lunch, and the food was quickly inhaled as all of us wanted to get back on the road.
We stopped about an hour outside of town on the way back, and had drinks. The girls stayed naked as we occupied a picnic table at a county rest area. Even after trying on one last outfit, they opted to sit on their skirts again and naked.
"I have to make stop at the Indian dealership when we get back to town. Wanna tag along?" Derek asks as we saddle up.
"Sure."
Once we're settled, the girls get on, only this time I have Anna behind me. Her tits hit my back as she reaches around my chest to hold on. I see Nancy is holding onto Derek's shoulder and her glorious tits are a sight to be seen. This part of the ride is going to be something.
And boy was I right. It's not long before I feel Anna's hands reaching to my crotch, then fully envelope my semi-hardened cock. Just watching Nancy ride with Derek is a special scene, and now Anna is going to drive me nuts. Keeping my mind on the road proves almost impossible, and Nancy smiles at me as she does the same to Derek.
As we veer off our usual return path to the house, the girls get dressed, or at least cover up in what can only be described at a skirt with a sheer lingerie top. Once we pull up, the girls head inside to the bathroom and Derek shows me around the dealership lot as we walk to the parts department.
After he picks up an order, we walk back out front where we find the girls sitting on some new models.
"What would it take for you to get an Indian?" Nancy asks me.
"Besides a lot of money, you'll have to ride into Beartooth completely naked with Anna." I jokingly reply as I look past her at another new bike.
"Done!" She exclaims.
Anna, Derek, and myself all turn our heads to her at the same time. All of our jaws figuratively hit the ground.
"Ummm...What?" I don't know what else to ask.
"I'll ride into Beartooth, completely naked, if we are on an Indian." Nancy answers without batting an eye.
"Well, let's see what I can get for this Harley, and maybe, just maybe, you've got yourself a deal." I can't believe my good luck.
"Allow me to sweeten the pot." Nancy beckons me to the showroom.
It turns out she fell in love with Derek's Indian when we first met them, and has been saving money ever since. Nancy literally has over half the money needed to outright buy one, and doesn't want me to sell the Harley. Damn, this woman has just earned my love forever.
We leave the dealer an hour later, having scheduled delivery of my new bike in just a few days. Nancy rejoins me on the Harley, and instantly rubs me into full hardness. We head straight home, and both girls strip in the driveway before running to the pool.
"Dude, our wives are going to ride into Beartooth, naked, and stay that way for an entire day." He says as we look at the 2 pairs of shoes and 4 pieces of clothing on the concrete.
"I never thought I would hear those words about my wife. But I also never thought I would own both a Harley, and an Indian. I could die on July 15th, and my life would be complete."
"There's plenty of room for 4 bikes total, so our little collection can grow." Derek smiles as we leave the motorcycles out front to go check out the girls.
Once the Indian is delivered, Nancy and I ride it just about every single day possible. She never wears any underwear when we ride, and I am often catching myself steering with one hand while fingering her. We even parked it in the shed one night, and fucked on it. This bike gets broken in, and in all the right ways.
A few weeks later, we're on the road to Montana. We plan our days so we enter Beartooth on the 14th. And enter we do. After camping for a few days outside Red Lodge, we get on our bikes and head into town for the Bone Daddy's Loop Poker Run. Needless to say, we have many welcome riders alongside.
Before long, word gets out, and way too many to count are soon on their bikes completely naked. There is going to be a massive amount of sex happening tonight. It's funny how naked women can keep a bunch of testosterone fueled men under control.
After a ride of several hours on the highway surrounding the Beartooth Mountains, we get back into Red Lodge and are treated to a tour of Bone Daddy's. It's under reconstruction, but the business is still thriving.
The scene is almost too surreal to believe. There are naked women everywhere. I don't think we can fully take credit for all the nudity, but many women have painted July 14 or NND on their tits or asses. Red Lodge may never be the same.
For the ride home, the girls start off naked, and remain that way for mile after glorious mile. Our stops at campgrounds are sex-filled and nearby campers are intrigued by our typically naked, or near-naked wives.
Taking backroads frequented by many a biker is our way back home to Texas. It also ensures Anna and Nancy remain completely naked. We slow our pace the closer we get to town. Derek and I don't want this ride of a lifetime to ever end. However, end it must, and Nancy and Anna cover up their bodies one last time when we pass the county limits sign.
With just a few miles to go, I'll savor the time on this Indian, this unforgettable summer, and the many memories we made leading up to and of the incredible Beartooth Rally.