Today was just like any other day. A routine trip to the store for household essentials. I was running low on condoms that I kept in my bedside drawer just in case a dude ever tries to pull the oldest trick in the book and say he forgot one, or was allergic to latex or lamb skin. The exact reason why I kept a variety pack with every kind of rubber under the sun! When i examined my goodie bowl this morning I was fresh out.
I walked over to the intimates aisle and was greeted by the items I required locked behind a glass case with a small button labeled "For assistance please press button." Have people gotten so cheap that they're stealing condoms now. Have they never heard of a local clinic. Albeit the quality wouldn't be the same as the fancy assortment that stores carry. Nevertheless if I wanted my jimmy hats today I would have to deal with some old judgemental employee internally shaming me the way older women always did when the subject of my or the topic sexual liberation in general came into question. I pressed down on the red button for several seconds and then he appeared.
A strapping, tall, and sturdy built guy with chestnut brown shoulder length hair, a matching full beard, with thick and meaty hands that hand square finger tips. His figure stood approximately 6'4 and his hazel eyes caught the fluorescent lighting and reflected a sweetness that also held notes of mystery that made me want to channel my inner Nancy Drew and try to solve it.
"Can I help you miss?" He uttered in a deep soul shaking voice, that sent pangs of sensual lightning bolts down my spine and straight into my black lace panties. "Uh... yeah I need about 5 boxes of those regular lubricated condoms and 3 of the large size please. Oh as well as 3 bottles of that water based lubricant." I uttered without shame. I leaned over the cart handle and let my size 34 D breasts halfway escape my white halter top. I could feel his eyes scan me over when he was loading my cart with the goods. The heat from his glaring eyes began to seer through me and my heart was pounding. I wanted him badly and nothing was gonna stop me from trying to fuck him.
I eyed a supply closet adjacent from the locked case. I grabbed him by his blue vest and pushed him through the door. I shoved his back onto shelves where cleaning supplies came tumbling down. I sucked his neck like a blood thristy vampire while his hands roamed my body eventually staying fixed on my tits and their erect nipples. He smelled like cheap cologne and coffee. The scratch of his beard rubbing my face was turning me on, just thinking of how it would feel on the inside of my thighs and my now soaking pussy.
After about 5 minutes of exploring one anothers bodies and heavily making out he paused and asked. "What's your name?"
"Names aren't important right now baby." I replied seductively whispering in his ear followed by dropping to the floor to examine the hard protruding bulge that sprung eagerly from his khaki work pants when I un zipped them.
I caught a whiff of his cock and wanted it immediately. I started by taking the nice hard cock and pressing my tongue against the leaking hole. His salty pre cum excited me and the taste sent me into overdrive. I took his entire length into my mouth flicking my tongue across the shaft as i sucked and sucked until he was hastily moaning and took ahold of my head doing his best to hold it still and began thrusting his hard member deeper and deeper into my mouth which now was dripping with a thick mixture of pre cum, sweat, and saliva. He took a particular slow thrust and sank so deep his head went behind my uvula, tonsils, and went into the opening of my throat. He groaned so loud and shuttered while busting his load on my patient tongue. I quickly swallowed and watched his eyes glow and go wild which meant only one thing.
"I want to fuck you baby, but they're gonna start looking for me soon." He lamented. My pussy was ready for him right now, but I guess I could finish myself off at home. "But I can come finish the job at your place if you want me to?"
I wasn't too keen on having strangers in my house so I offered a counter solution. "The Orchid Hotel downtown 9pm tonight?"
"I'll be there." He replied. We exchanged numbers and finalized our plans. My storage closet stranger fuck buddy dick appointment was set!