John walks into his new home. He took in his new environment. The living room was huge compared to the tiny apartment that he shared with his goddesses like stepmother and his gorgeous younger step-sister. They were outside talking with the movers who had already put all of everyone's items in their bedrooms. He moves through the apartments seeing the kitchen which was bigger than his last bedroom.
John Smith was an ordinary type of guy. He was 5'10 missing the six-foot mark that the girls love by two inches. He had unremarkable short brown hair and brown eyes. He wasn't strong or he wasn't weak. He was straight down the middle in the strength department. His cock however to him is the best thing that he possessed. A great white seven-inch cock. The three girls that he slept with back in the country said that he was a monster compared to some of their old boyfriends.
John and his stepfamily move to the city because of two main reasons. His stepmom, Lisa, got a better job that could pay for this house a few blocks away from the city lights. And because John's father died six months ago. Lisa loved John's dad and it took a lot out of her to live in the same place where he died. She moved away just to get a little more space from her late husband's resting place.
John and their stepfamily got along pretty well. So well in fact that they invited him along to the big city. They said they wanted a strong male to protect them from burglaries and a load of other bullshit, but John knew they were being nice by allowing him, a guy with no prospects, to live with them.
John went to the window to look out to see his stepfamily chatting with a young black neighbor. He seems to be a tall youthful-looking dude. He wore a Hollywood-type smile as he chat with John's stepmother and step-sister. He is wearing a shirt that spells out that he had a boatload of money. His black ripped jeans tell the same thing. All seem to be enjoying the conversation.
John looks at his hot stepmother, Lisa. She wore a tight purple dress that hid nothing from the imagination as the black guy made sure to take a peek every few seconds. She laughs at one of his jokes making her cleavage bounce inside the top of her restricting purple dress.
His step-sister, Janice, was listening to the black guy eyeing something down the street that John couldn't see. She is shorter than them both as she is wearing short blue jeans, high-knee socks which stir lust inside  John's stomach, and a black sleeveless shirt. Her eyes looked the black guy up and down reading his entire body like a book.
John wonders if he should walk out and meet the new neighbor or if should he watch while the black man flirts with his stepfamily.
John pull the glass window open a little to listen in on what his stepfamily and the black guy were talking about. John went to grab a chair to get comfy as he got into position to watch.
His stepmother, Lisa, said. "So you're telling us Rich? That your father left you a house to do whatever you wish in it."
His shockingly deep voice startled John as he spoke with a hint of swagger. "Yeah. My father is pretty damn wealthy. He said if I keep getting good grades in school. I can do whatever I want in the house." John steps sister nod as he continues. "I do host house parties every Friday. So your welcome to come by."
John knew his mom never went to a frat boy's house party but his young playful sister would. His step-sister Janice said. "I know my hot mom will be working Friday. So I guess she won't be able to make it." Just like John, she saw Rich face become a little sad. "Don't worry though. I will come to your party and get my freak on."
Lisa said. "Come on Janice. You gonna make the boy fluster."
Rich said confidently. "I wasn't worried about that Lisa. I can take whatever she can dish out and more." His hand drifted down to his crotch.
Lisa not seeing but Janice smiling. Lisa said. "Hey, Rich."
"Yes ma'am," he said.
"Can my step son come to the party?" she said while John step sister rolls her eyes.
John didn't know why his step-sister would be ticked off at him. Rich said looking toward the house. John ducks immediately not wanting to be seen watching.
Rich said..."Yeah, he can come. But he better brings some banging liquor."
John knew he could purchase some liquor for the party if his stepmom lend him the money. John did turn twenty-one recently. So he could at least buy a little alcohol for the upcoming shindig.
Janice said with a hint of amusement in her voice. "I bet he gonna beg mom for the money." She poke her mom toned stomach which made Rich grin like a wolf. "I can't believe we allow him to live with us. Don't have a job and can't do anything productive." John couldn't believe how his step-sister was attacking and tearing down his character in front of a total stranger. He didn't realize how his sister felt about him.
Rich like most guys went in for a kill shot of his own. "Wow. He must be a pathetic loser."
John thought he should leave this spot and not listen to what Rich and Janice would be saying about him. His stepmom didn't pipe up anything in response to Rich calling her stepson a loser. Janice had a cheerful grin on as John's stepmom finally said something.
"Time for us to finish unpacking our things."
To John's horror, Janice asks Rich. "Wanna come in and help us unpack."
"We could use a strong male around the house." John step sister said with a cheeriness that made his stomach do somersaults.
Rich smile. "Only if your mom allows me. I don't want to intrude on your first day in the neighborhood."
Every word he spoke pissed John off. He wishes his stepmother were saying no. But she said. "Oh no. That won't be a problem. As my daughter said. We do need a strong guy to help pick up some heavy things around the house."
Rich said as John got ready to move away from the window and to appear like he wasn't watching their conversation. "Shall we head in?" They all walk toward the house while Rich took a few boxes from Lisa. "Hopefully I won't pull a muscle while lifting your items."
John's stepmom Lisa said. "Don't worry. In that box is my delicates." She grins with a schoolgirl tease on her face.
They barge through the door. John's stepmom heading upstairs. His step-sister had on an evil grin while Rich study his face. Rich reaches out grabbing John's hand.
"I'm Rich. You must be John. Your sister told me a few little things about you." He said emphasizing the little.
John's hand hurt as the guy's hand squeezed harder and harder. John pulls back not wanting his hand to be broken in half. This seems to make Janice giddy.
She said. "Hey, Rich. Come upstairs. I got a few things that need special help to put away."
Janice skips to the top of the stairs waiting on the black neighbor to follow. Rich moves in her direction as he whispers in a low voice to John. "Yo John. I'll leave the door open for you if you want to watch."
John waits for a few seconds giving Rich and his step-sister some time to talk with each other. Then John quickly but quietly ran up the stairs to see what Rich and his step-sister would be getting up to. His heart pounded in his chest as he saw the door ajar. Like Rich said. He would leave a tiny crack open for John.
As John steps over slowly. He wonders if Rich saw him watching from the window. When his family was talking with Rich. His steps became slower. Not knowing what he would see when he looks inside his sister's room.
He rounds up his courage as he peeks through the crack of the door seeing Rich laying on his sister's bed. His step-sister was nowhere in sight.
But he heard her voice. "Are you telling me? You will buy me some new clothes for your upcoming party Rich."
Rich said while staring over at John who stood there watching this entire scene. Rich gave him a knowing smile and wink. "Yeah, I will. What type of man would I be? If I didn't buy a beautiful girl like you some fancy new clothes. But before I open my wallet. I need to see your best outfit. So I can judge if you need some new clothes."
Janice said from somewhere in her new closet. "All girls need new clothes. If they say they don't. They are lying to you." She pause while John heard rustling from Janice putting on an old outfit. "So is this a good outfit for your party? Or is it too slutty."
Rich smile like an ass while John watch. He said while taking in her hot little body. "Mmmm too girl next door."
Janice said with a fake pout. "Oh, what do you mean Rich?"
He stood up. His hands came up next to John's step-sister's hips. He position her with her back facing where John was standing. Rich made sure John had a great view as he took what he wants from Janice.
John's cock began to strain inside his pants. Seeing his bratty step-sister being manhandled was a huge turn-on. These weird strange feelings scared John. But not enough to stop him from watching.
Rich grins over at John leaning forward with his huge lips next to Janice's ear. He wink at John as his hands slid into his step-sister's jeans. John couldn't hear the inaudible dirty words between Rich and Janice, but his eyes did become wide as Rich yanked Janice's jeans off.
John's eyes widen in awe at his sister's tight round butt. He couldn't believe how much confidence Rich had. His dark eyes were on John's as he continued to strip Janice out of her clothes.
John couldn't see Janice's tits which were pressed together in her matching pink bra. But Rich had an eye full. His finger on his lips checks out Janice's piercing like a pimp with his hoes.
John knew in his heart of hearts. That he should head off to a different area in his new home. He knew he shouldn't watch Rich take over his little step-sister's hot body and watch Rich hands discover every inch of Janice's sweetness.
However, his dick told him what harm is it to watch a little longer. John kneels on the ground to get into a better watching and stroking position. He slid his hand down into his pants. He felt his cock readying itself to explode.
Rich said while spreading Janice's ass cheeks. "I think I need to see you naked. To better judge what I'm working with."
Janice shook her head. "You wish." She began to pick up her clothes. "I not that easy." She said teasing Rich.
Rich not giving up said. "Come on gorgeous. I'm packing a heavy here because of your great tits and sexy little ass. Please don't leave me with these two serious blue balls." He said cupping the front of his pants.
Janice rolls her sexy slutty eyes at Rich. "Well okay. I can't leave you with blue balls that I cause." Janice fell to the floor of her new room smiling up into the Rich face.
Rich returns her smile. "Please do the honor." He places his hand on his hips presenting Janice with the front of his pants.
Janice pursed her lips. Her small hand came up to the button to his ripped jeans. She unclips the jean button letting them fall to her floor. His cock was hidden behind a pair of blue briefs.
Janice rose her eyebrows. "Wow." A smile spread across her face as she rips down the blue briefs. His mighty python shot out. It stood strong and hard as Rich winked over at John again.
Janice stares up shocked at Rich huge hung black dong. She was in awe at his massive size. She blushes and grips the powerful black base. She, to the joy of John, began to jerk off Rich.
Rich say. "Mmm having fun."
His comment could be toward John or Janice as Janice's head nods. Her hand stroked him slowly. She was loving and savoring every minute of Rich's huge black cock without the knowledge of her stepbrother watching her.
His eyes were on John as his goes went down to Janice's bra. Janice's eyes focus on Rich's huge black cock while his fingers rip off her pink bra. Her tits are now visible for just him.
John watches horrified by Rich but turns on by seeing his step-sister being treated like a sexy fuck toy. John's hand fondle his balls with sick perverts spreading throughout his stomach.
Rich dominant glaze eggs Janice on to suck him. His hard dark cock pulsing. He grins down brushing Janice's hair to the back of her head.
"Come on baby. Time to get close and personal with my mandingo. Put those pretty lips to work." He said throwing a wink at John.
Janice places her pink lips around Rich's large mushroom head. She gave into his alpha presence wanting nothing but to serve his huge cock. Janice's mouth pushes down further along Rich massive black dick. She began to gag hard as Rich uses his hands to fuck her throat roughly. To John, it appears Rich was making her nod while throating his monster.