I have this problem with penises. They turn me on so much I can't control myself, and I hate it. I hate it so much I'm still a virgin. I don't think I can ever lose it.
When I went to college I was twenty. I still went home every night, so nothing much happened till Kevin. Kevin was in physics class, and he was fascinated by my breasts, I knew he was since he was always talking about them. They were round and prominent, with firm pink nipples that I used to rub oil into every night. I loved the feeling of rubbing my own nipples. I could do it for hours, squeezing them and stroking them. I loved the way they hardened when I squeezed them.
I'd sometimes do it at my window, because old Mr Smith in the house opposite used to sit there in his wheelchair looking out. In a vague, not very real sort of way I loved the idea that he was watching me, watching them. They were gorgeous, too gorgeous for nobody else to be able to see them and Henry was safe, a fantasy. I loved the thought of him watching when I bent my head to reach the tips of my nipples with my own tongue.
God, I wanted someone else to do it. I often fantasised about offering him the chance. I don't suppose he got any, being in a wheelchair.
Sometimes I'd put chilli oil on them to make them burning hot, and then I'd rub them really fast with the palms of my hands. When I did it the heat in my vagina petals got so big I could almost scream. I was as sexually frustrated as a hundred Roman virgins, but I had no idea what to do about it.
It was showing off to Henry Smith that started the events that led to my penis issues.
I was standing at the window feeling my nipples under my shirt one day when there was a twitch of the curtains and I knew that he was watching. My lovely round tits throbbed. They were lovely, I loved the feel of them, the pertness, the softness of the nipples that hardened when I rubbed them. I felt like teasing him and my heart was beating fast. He was there, I was sure of it.
I was already aroused. I had string tied round both my breasts to truss them up, which was something I really liked to do to myself. I loved the helpless feeling it gave me, the sense that they were prisoners awaiting their fate. It made the nipples stick out - which made them more sensitive too - and they were pointing straight at him. I got one hand on each breast, squeezing and pummelling them, and then I had an idea.
I put a bulldog clip on the left nipple.
I'd never done it before. Jesus it was gorgeous. It throbbed and ached and begged me for more, and I fixed it on as tight as it would go, and I kept on squeezing the right one. And I put my left hand down in my clit and I stroked it. I was masturbating and Henry Smith was watching. It was the most exciting thing I'd ever done.
I felt sorry for Henry. I realised he couldn't see my clit, only my pointy red nipples, reaching towards him, he couldn't see how much I was really enjoying. it I got a chair and stood on it so he could see properly, and kept stroking. And I saw he had binoculars.
I hoped he had zoomed in. I was too far gone now to think sensibly or be modest. Besides, it wasn't real, he wasn't in front of me. There was this chilli oil on my fingers and - God it was gorgeous on my clit. I was moaning and rubbing it and it got bigger and bigger and bigger and right at the last minute it exploded and I had come, and it was huge, in big waves all over me like the sea. I was gasping and groaning and squeezing at my nipple and I looked out of the window and there he was, open as you please, looking right at me through his binoculars. He nodded, and he held something up. It was money. It was twenty pounds.
Money? I was always short of money - but for this? For a bit of harmless fun. He was sixty and a retired headmaster, and I was a bit worried he'd tell my father, but he was watching, wasn't he?. I took my eyes off his but I kept rubbing my clit - and I came again like a chorus of angels. As it surged over me I twisted down, took my right nipple in my teeth, and sucked as hard as I good. As I fell on the floor in ecstasy I saw him applauding.
After that when I oiled my nipples, I did my clit too, with chilli oil. I soon got to the stage where I could rub it for ages and make it wait. I guessed I'd hear more from Henry, particularly when twenty pounds arrived in a plain white envelope with my name on it.
I thought I'd make him wait a bit, so I waited a whole week. Then I went to my window and took my top off. I'd got the trussing strings on, and a clip on each nipple. I stayed just long enough to see him there then I went through the whole thing again.
This time only ten pounds. I suspected that wasn't the end of it. Then, on a hot afternoon a couple of weeks later my father said if I would go over there on Saturdays to read to Henry he'd pay me thirty pounds. That seemed real generous, my Dad said, a kindness to an old disabled man.
I knew it wouldn't be reading. He'd want me sucking my own tits in front of him. Or he'd want to pay me to fuck me, and I was a virgin. I wasn't going to fuck Henry, that would be gross. But I was very excited. I'd been fantasising about Henry sucking my nipples. I was always fantasising about people sucking my nipples.
It was frustration I guess. My clit wanted to fuck someone. I didn't trust it to behave itself. I couldn't fuck Henry, not an old man in a wheelchair, but I could show him my lovely breasts and he might lick them for me.
I just had to stay in charge.
On Monday through to Thursday I rubbed my clit to climax several times each day in the hope that I'd wear it out, but it just got keener. It was aching for Henry's tongue on my virgin breasts. On Friday I was so nervous I didn't rub it at all, and it was a bit calmer although I was longing for my warm, oily finger to come find it... then on the Friday afternoon Kevin Roberts got me in the changing rooms. And I thought that's the answer, to take the edge off so I don't accidentally get hot in front of Henry.
Kevin wanted to try to feel my tits and I liked him trying. Years ago, when we were at the same High School, I used to let him have ten seconds of putting his hands down my shirt. I'd always wriggle so that he only got to touch my nipple at the very last minute. I loved that little moment when I felt his fingers on me, but I had always stopped it there. I hadn't wanted to go further with a boy who didn't know what he was doing.
Now he had me in the store cupboard and he'd locked the door. Now he was a twenty one year old man. Now he wanted sex badly, but his ma was a born again Christian and there was no way he'd do it with me in a cupboard. Not all the way. Not with his cock.
'Five pounds Charlie Barker,' he said. "I'll give you five pounds to feel them for five minutes."
I knew Kevin was a virgin too. That's why I felt safe. But I wanted the five pounds. Since the incident with Henry I wanted fingers on my tits, kneading them and squeezing them for more than a second. My clit was doing the talking for me and the minute it saw the look on Kevin's face it was as hot as a burning griddle, pulsing between my petals. I could feel the juice there, like warm oil. Jesus for five pounds maybe I could let him suck one. He'd love that. I'd love that...
"Three minutes," I said.
"Five."
"Okay, but you don't get to take my clothes off."
He pushed me against the wall and down went his hand, feeling. It took him twenty seconds to get to my left tit and put his fingers round it and squeeze.
"Christ that's good", he said, "you're filthy, Charlie Barker, you come across as such a prude but you've got tits to die for, and he pushed his mouth against mine and his tongue came straight in."
I spat him out. "No kissing."
"That's okay honey. Your tits are enough for me."
He was rubbing both of them now with his thumbs, and squeezing them quite hard. It hurt but it was gorgeous. He pulled at one.
"You like that?"
I said nothing.
"I think you do Charlie, slutty Charlie,"... he rolled it between his fingers and I wriggled and sighed.
"Do it more", I said.
"Christ" he said, "five minutes we agreed did we?"
Then before I realized it he had ripped open my shirt and was sucking one fat juicy nipple, sucking hard like a feeding piglet.
Electricity shot up my me, through my body and into my petals. My clit doubled in size. I couldn't stop myself gasping. I struggled a bit in surprise.
He gripped harder, he was in charge and I liked that. I liked him pushing me down. I liked him hurting just a bit. I struggled more.
He pushed me down onto the floor, knelt across me, a knee on me. His tongue was rasping, like the feel of my T shirt that I used to rub on there sometimes. I liked the way it caught a little on the skin, and pulled, and ever so slightly ached. Kevin's tongue was a bit rough, slightly scratchy. I wondered what it would be like if someone with really rough tongue got me. Someone old maybe. I really wanted Henry Smith to suck my nipple, and lick it. I really wanted to go over there and offer them up for him...
Kevin would do for now. He was sucking even harder. This was great. This would take the edge of things. Less chance of my fucking Henry when I just wanted thirty pounds and to have my tits sucked again like this only harder and rougher. Oh yes. Yes, like this.
I fought a bit for show. I didn't want to admit I wanted this to go on and on. The more I fought the harder he sucked, so that was great. I struggled violently and he sucked like a sink plunger. His other hand was clamped on my other nipple, pulling and squeezing it so hard it almost hurt. Suck suck suck suck, Jesus Kevin just keep doing that, I don't care you've never got your cock out for anyone, I just want you to suck my tits for ever...
He had them both out now, pushed them together. I thought maybe he thought he could suck both at once. Both at once, that would be something.
I struggled violently and he gripped my right nipple and then he took my hand and pushed it down towards his pants. I moved it away. I didn't want anything to do with what was going on down there.
Suckle suckle suckle - it was like he was trying to suck my nipple right off, like he was trying to suck something out of me, as if he was beside himself with excitement. I could feel him shaking. I was shaking too. My clit was so hot I could feel juice in there. My nipples ached and throbbed. Kevin sucked and chewed like he'd be dreaming of this moment for years. Which he probably had.
So he's sucking, sucking, shaking and sucking, and I'm fighting and wriggling and saying that's enough, Kevin, your time's up, and then he's shuddering, moaning, giving one huge great shudder...
Just as Kevin came in his pants the light came on. Snap. And there was Prof Jem Jones, the College Principal. looking at us both. Kevin was breathing hard and my tits were spread out, hot and wet, my nipples purple-red and glowing, my shirt open. And I guess I looked like I'd run a marathon. Kevin looked like he'd wet himself. Jem Jones looked like the devil incarnate.
Jem Jones was my problem now. He was about fifty years old, divorced, slim and athletic, tanned and thick haired. He was a runner and he liked his own body. But he never fraternized with the students and he was strict. They said he'd whack a ruler on his desk if people weren't paying attention in his tutorials, and his eyes would spark. I guessed he was furious. I could hear him breathing heavily, and he'd got me in his room and shut the door.
I was standing in front of his desk, waiting to be expelled, or whatever. I could still feel my nipples glowing. My bra wasn't quite straight, so one of them was all trussed up. My clit was still on fire. I was aching to finish what I'd started.
"Charlie Barker what were you doing?"
"It was Kevin. He pinned me down."
"I saw him sucking your nipples Charlie Barker."
"I know sir. I tried to stop him."
"You weren't trying very hard."
"I was sir. And he only sucked one."
"Did you like it?"
"I'm sorry, sir?" I was taken aback. I looked at his face. I could see he wanted to know. "No sir he made me, I was fighting."
"Don't lie to me Charlie Barker. You loved it didn't you?"
"No sir".
"Think very carefully young woman. Henry Smith is a close friend of mine."
I gulped. 'I was fighting Kevin sir."
"Do you squeeze your own tits for Henry, Charlie?"
"No sir." I could feel a tear coming down my cheek. Would I be expelled? I'd be so embarrassed. My clit was hot. I could feel it.
"I think you do. I think those tits of yours have been sucked before. I can check if you're a liar."
"What do you mean sir?"
"I can tell from the taste of your tits just what you've been up to."
I swallowed. My clit swelled, the little traitor. What did he mean, the taste?
"Come here."
"Are you going to expel me?"
"Not if you let me check them properly."
I moved forwards. I didn't want to be expelled. Had he really said he could taste my tits? My heart was thudding. I could hear him breathing hard. He slid his hand slowly inside my shirt. I could feel both my nipples sticking straight out. It was like they'd got minds of their own. They hadn't finished being sucked yet. They wanted more.
"This one, wasn't it?"
I gasped. He ran the tip of his thumb over the nipple Kevin had sucked like a pig. His thumb was rough, like sandpaper. I moved ever so slightly to keep it there. I liked it. I liked his thumb on my nipple. I liked it and I wanted it and...
"Look at me, Charlie."
I looked at him.
"Keep looking. Don't take your eyes off mine."
I could feel him take a hold of that nipple. I swallowed. I tried not to make a sound.
"Do you like that Charlie?"
"No sir."
"I think you do. I can see it in your eyes."
"No sir I was fighting."
"If I taste your nipples we'll know, won't we? Or are you going to come clean and tell me how much you loved it?"
"I don't love it sir," I said. But I wanted him to taste my nipples so badly that it showed in my face.
"Oh dear dear. You've aroused yourself, Charlie Barker, and you want it badly now, don't you? I think it needs finishing off or you just won't be able to concentrate on your course work. And we need you to concentrate on your course work, don't we?"
"Yes sir."
"So I need to do whatever it takes to get you concentrating. You want that real bad don't you honey?"
"I don't know, Sir."
"You don't like this, then?"
He squeezed my nipple, ever so slightly, between his finger and thumb. My eyes went wide. I tried not to groan. I couldn't help it. "Oh God" I said.
"I thought so. You need me to do you great big a favour, Charlie." And within a second he had both of them, one in each hand, and was squeezing even better than I can do it myself. All the time he was staring me in the face.
"Do you like that, Charlie Barker? Do you want more of it?"
"Oh God sir. "
"I saw Kevin sucking the left one, Charlie Barker, but the right one sure as hell likes this. How often does Kevin suck your tits?"
"Only today sir."
He ran his rough thumbs over both my nipples and tugged on them gently.
I groaned. He tugged harder. I groaned again.
"Liar, Charlie Barker, you want me to suck them?"
"No sir."
"Yes you do, you want to see how a real man sucks them don't you?"
He tweaked both nipples, hard, firm.
"No sir." But I pushed them into his hands, I could feel myself doing it. I wanted to know.
He stopped suddenly. I gasped. My tits ached.
"Yes you do." There was a glint in his eye. "You're hotter than a summer day in Alabama. Beg for it Charlie Barker."
"Beg for what Sir?"
"Say Professor Jones Sir please suck my tits."
"I can't..."I was embarrassed.
"Say Professor Jones, put your mouth on my tits and suck them real hard. Do it then I'll make you feel better."
I shook my head.
"Or we'll just stop right here..." he ran his thumb over my nipple.
"I cracked. I'm begging you Professor Jones, put your mouth on my tits and suck them real hard. Oh God I want you to."
"I thought so."
He took hold of the one Kevin hadn't had and he pulled the nipple hard, so that my tit came out of my bra and hung out of my shirt. I felt the cool air on it, and I moaned a little bit because I was so looking forward to my Principal licking my tits, and that was so bad of me, and I loved that it was bad of me. I loved that I was ashamed and aroused and all slutty. Then he fastened onto it like he knew what he was doing, and he sucked it with his tongue, and with his teeth, and with his tongue again and I screamed.
It was bliss. I was sore and hot and aching and juicy. It went in and out of his mouth as it he was sucking the life out of me... I couldn't help myself.
I groaned. "Oh yes Sir that's fantastic..."
He stopped. I was breathing hard. He was sucking my tits and I was loving it. That's gotta be bad.
"You want some more?"
I nodded, "yes."
"Yes what?"
"Yes please Sir. Suck them some more."
Christ, he had the other tit, and whilst he sucked it and chewed it and bit it and licked it he was pinching the first one, and rolling it between his fingers.
My clit was swelling up so much I thought I might even come right then. I wanted to rub it so badly but I didn't want him to know I did that stuff. I wriggled a bit. I could feel my panties pressing on it. I spread my legs a bit. I moaned. He sucked harder. I moaned again. He sucked so hard it hurt.
And then he stopped.
"So I made my diagnosis. You and Kevin, getting sucked in the store room, and you feeling yourself for Henry Smith. That's all of it up here."
I blinked. I just wanted his mouth back on me again. "Yes Sir."
"You want it, you beg for it."
"Please Professor. Suck them some more."
"You love it don't you Charlie."
"Yes sir."
"What do you love?"
"Your tongue sir, and you sucking me, and your teeth, and you squeezing them."
"You're desperate to come aren't you, Charlie?"
"Yes sir."
"You love having your tits sucked, and you don't care who does it?"
"No sir."
"You like me doing it? Am I special?"
"You're brilliant sir. Oh God you're brilliant."
"Charlie Barker you love it just too much for a first timer."
I shook my head. "No sir. Please suck them sir."
"Who's been sucking them apart from me?"
"Only Kevin and you sir."
"And?"
I gulped. "And me sir, when I rub them and Mr Smith watches from the house opposite."
"Ah...". He reached out and took the right nipple in this thumbs again. "Has Henry fucked you yet?"
"No sir he's in a wheelchair."
"You should let him fuck you. It would do him a service. And you could earn some money."
I was upset. "I don't sir - I mean nobody's fucked me ever..."
"Are you serious?"
"Yes sir."
"I see. No wonder you're so desperate. Well I'm not going to spoil it. Beg me."
"Please suck them sir. "
I was desperate. I just wanted his mouth on them again.
"Charlie you can regard this as payment for keeping your place in College. I'll suck them. But I'm going to have to come, it's the least you can do."
"I understand sir."
"And we gotta leave my office clean and tidy. So you gotta swallow it."
I gulped. I didn't want to swallow it. "I don't think I can do that."
"Sure you can." He squeezed both nipples again. "You love it don't you, Charlie? You can't help yourself? You love the shame of it. You love being a dirty girl with a dirty old man. I'm older than your daddy. You love that don't you? Just like you enjoy letting old men pay to watch you rub your cunt. Oh Henry told me everything. Isn't that right."
A tear ran down my face." Yes sir."
"But you feel ashamed?"
"Yes sir."
"You like that feeling don't you?"
"Yes sir."
"What's it like? Describe it."
"Sir?"
"What does it make you feel?"
"It makes me think I'll be punished sir, by you sucking my tits. And the more you do it the more I'm a slut and the more I'm a slut the more you'll suck my nipples sir. I love the feeling, right now, whilst I'm aroused and hot and wild."
"You like being punished. I may have to spank you a little," and he turned me over, pulled my pants down and smacked me hard across the bottom.
"Ouch," I said, and my clit swelled some more.
He spanked me again, two three times, quite hard. I could feel his cock swelling in his trousers under my breasts. I didn't like the feeling. I wriggled. He smacked me again, and I shrieked. My breasts ached even more.
"You want me to stop?"
I was beside myself. My nipples were on fire. My clit was on fire. He whacked me again.
"Please," I said. I didn't know what I was pleading for.
"He spanked me again, and again. Thirteen, fourteen times. My bottom was glowing. I was crying with desire."
"You want me to suck them again?"
"Please sir."
He rolled me over, looked at me through his hooded grey eyes. "There's a price, Charlie Barker. A penance. If you do penance I'll suck them for half an hour." he put his teeth on my tit and sucked again, hard and tongue. Licking, lovely, hot.
Half an hour! Half an hour of those lips and teeth on me. I'd do anything for that.
"What do I have to do sir? I'll do anything except fuck."
"I don't want to fuck you. You're like this because you haven't been fucked. Lie on the floor."
I lay. He knelt over me. He looked me in the eye.
Charlie Barker I'm going to get out my favourite toy. And I'm going to tell you what to do with it. But first I'll show you what a good time you can have...
There was a clock and I watched the minutes go by as he licked and sucked and played with my breasts. Five minutes, ten minutes, twenty minutes, Jesus it was an orgy of tit sucking, I didn't want it ever to end. I never had my nipples sucked as well as that afterwards, not even during the times when I paid for it. By the time he stopped again, licking and chewing and biting and squeezing me I thought I'd do anything. I was so near coming I thought my clit would explode. My eyes were shut and I was gasping. Then the alarm went off on his apple phone.
"Thirty minutes", he said.
I was bereft. "Oh sir please don't stop sucking them."
"Lick it and I'll carry on."
"Sir?"
I opened my eyes.
It was enormous, right in front of me, his cock. Huge and purple, with veins up the side and hair round the bottom. It was giant, about ten inches long, and I could feel the heat off it. It smelled. It's the smell of cock - they all have a scent, they're all different. But I'd never smelled it before. Sort of musky.
I thought it was horrible.
"Lick it."
"No sir. I can't."
"Look, you little tease Charlie Barker, you've had your tits sucked, now lick it."
I didn't want to lick it. I clamped my mouth shut and shook my head.
He put his thumb and finger on one of my tits and started to squeeze again, but my clit had gone down. I really didn't want to lick it.
He pushed it against my lips and I clamped them shut.
He sighed. "I like coming on girls who like it Charlie. We made a deal."
I nodded mutely.
"Put your hand on it then."
I reached out and took it carefully between both of my hands.
There was a foreskin thing over it, like a hood, and out of it this giant purple cock peering out.
That's it. Slide it back.
I was scared it would get even bigger. I really hated sliding back the foreskin. I could feel his cock throbbing and twitching. I didn't want to be sucked any more. Carefully, I slid the skin down over the head of his penis. It slid as easily as when you slide oil on your own button. It was smooth and easy and purple. I didn't want to suck it. It was gigantic. I slid up and down and up and down, carefully, like it might explode.
"Lick it Charlie. You do as you promised, cos I'm gonna come." He squeezed my nipple hard and I lit up a bit.
I took a deep breath and gripped tightly and put my tongue on the side of it. It was so huge and hot and threatening - and then I felt him shudder and then... oh God... The thing shuddered, and he shuddered, and it spurted his come all over him, and all over me. White and sticky and messy and just loads of it.
He stopped squeezing my tit.
"Now look what you did. You bad wicked girl. You owe me. You'll clean up your mess."
He had a knee on each of my arms, pinning me to the ground. His big dark cock was dangling over me, half erect, touching my nose. "Lick it clean."
I looked at it. It wasn't as big as before but it was still huge and purple and it was dripping.
"I don't want to sir."
He lowered himself over me till the thing was touching my mouth. I could feel the heat of it. I could smell the come. It was bitter, like sodium bicarbonate that you put in cakes.
"I don't want to lick it sir."
"Do it Charlie, and I'll suck your tits till you scream. Leave it and your father's going to see the shots on my iphone - nice shots of Kevin and your tits. Here..." he squeezed my nipple again.
Oh God. To my surprise it worked. My breasts jumped back to life. My clit woke up. Even after he'd come on my face I still wanted him to suck me. How gross was that? What sort of a slut was I?
But it wasn't the thought of not being expelled that drove me harder, but curiosity and the beginnings of this thing that has driven me for years, this lust for a cock. Cautiously I put my tongue out. I touched the tip of the thing with it and I licked it, carefully, as if it was an ice cream. Then I took a hold of it and licked it with little lapping movements, as if I were a cat with a saucer of milk.
He grunted whilst I did it and it swelled and throbbed.
"Every drop", he said at one point. "Every drop."
When I finished he was as good as his word. He sucked my tits like he was lions feeding. Lions, sucking and roughing and squeezing and tweaking. It got my clit so hot that I exploded like a volcano. I came in a great wave or orgasmic heat, wet and hungry and gorgeous as he pinched it between his finger and thumb. I was open like a chrysanthemum, wet and ready and hungry. And all the time I thought how I'd licked his cock clean and how I'd do it again right now if he wanted.
Then he said "get your clothes on, you little slut. If you say a word about this to anyone I'll have you gang fucked by all the boys in alpha omega."
I was so embarrassed. I put myself back into my clothes whilst he made some phone call about Kevin failing a grade. He was going to be expelled. At the end he said, 'you should thank your stars for your tits, Charlie Barker, but you need to learn to suck cock better than that if you want to graduate."
That Saturday I went over to read to Henry. The book was a bit of really badly written erotica, all cocks and cunts, and I didn't enjoy reading it. Some girl in it was having her clit rubbed with whipped cream when he said, "I think we should talk about your tits, Charlie Barker. You've been showing them to me and I'd like a closer look."
I swallowed. I was excited, despite my huge come when the Professor sucked my tits. He was an old man and in a wheelchair, but I so wanted my tits sucked again and I thought it would be a kindness. I hoped he'd got a rough tongue. I thought he was too disabled to have a giant cock that exploded in my face. But if I had to rub his cock to get my tits sucked I'd do it.
"Yes, Henry."
"Twenty pounds on the table. Show me now".
Twenty pounds. I felt turned on. Slowly I took off my Tshirt.
"Leave the bra on. Hang them out."
He liked them a bit trussed up, I could tell. I hung them out of the bra so they pointed forwards and the nipples stuck out. I thought about being tied up properly. I'd like that.
"Do it again. What you do at the window".
"I've got no chili oil sir."
"We can find something," he said, and produced a tube of something called horny dick. It smelled of strawberries.
I rubbed a bit onto my nipples and they warmed up like steak on a griddle.
Ohh I said, and I started to rub and tweak, and I thought of the headmaster sucking.
"Good girl. That's nice. That's very nice. Rub that pussy."
He was watching from very close. I ached for him to suck them. I sucked one myself to show him, meeting his gaze as I did it, and my clit started to glow again.
But he didn't come any closer. Instead he passed me a bulldog clip, and said, "feel your little petals girl, rub your little clit" and that's when I knew he wanted to see the whole thing from close to, wanted to watch me come.
The bulldog clip was like being switched on, and the strawberry stuff on my clit was like a fire.
I was sitting on a chair now, leaning back, my shorts off and my knickers pushed to one side. I was rubbing my round hot clit and feeling my nipple and waiting for Henry to suck it - but when I opened my eyes I realized the horrible truth.
His cock was out and he was rubbing it with horny dick. Rub rub rub. He wasn't touching me, only himself. His eyes were half shut and he was moaning. Keep going girlie, rub your lovely wet cunt.
I couldn't. I stared in horror at that cock of his. It was incredibly long - longer than the Professor's but slimmer, elegant and a bit kinked. There was hardly any hair around the bottom and it was waving fast because he was rubbing it hard and quickly. It was like a giant purple snake.
I couldn't take my eyes off it. I kept rubbing my clit but it wasn't responding any more. I wanted to suck it. I didn't want to like penises like this, I realized, but I did like them, I wanted to rub it for him - and as I thought this he came with a great groan, and I could see it all as it spurted out.
He shuddered. I stopped rubbing myself. I didn't feel like it any more. That cock coming had put me right off.
"Lick it clean," he said, and he took his teeth out. "Lick it clean and I'll suck your little titties. Jem tells me you love that."
Jem. If he could suck them like Jem I'd be up for that. God what bliss, to have my tits sucked hard by a man with a rough tongue and no teeth.
And oh God, I swear I thought he was going to suck my tits, all toothless, and my clit went gigantic and hot and I really wanted that so bad that I licked him clean as if it was the best meal I'd ever had, and as I licked his penis went all stiff again, and tall and purple.
He pushed me away.
"Show me again Charlie."
I shook my head. "No sir."
"Rub your tits."
"Will you suck them now Henry?"
"You really want me to suck your tits don't you, you little slut?" He started to laugh. "You don't get it do you. I just like to watch. I'm paying, I call the shots. Same time next week."
"I don't think..."
"Same time next week or I'll tell your father."
I nodded numbly. My clit shrank. I felt really ashamed. Henry just wanted to watch and I'd licked all the come off him as it he was an ice cream. And I'd loved every second of it. Loved it. Sucked his big purple cock like it was my last meal. I was a slut. I was out of control. I must never go near a cock again.
All my reading time with Henry was like that. He'd pay me the twenty pounds and watch me whilst I made myself come. He showed me how to put the bulldog clips on both tits, and rub the strawberry stuff in. He showed me how to slide a little candle into my bum and keep it there whilst I rubbed, so that I came even bigger and hotter and better. He showed me how to part my legs so he could watch my clit growing. He learned not to rub his cock till after I'd finished, because it always put me off. But he never never touched me, and I never licked it clean again. He never asked. I think he thought it wasn't fair. And I never told him how much I wanted it. Although one day, much later, I got my own back when I sucked him till he exploded.
But not today. Today my problem with penises was finalised by the Professor. I still thought I could control it till them. Thought I could be normal.
A whole month had gone by since the time in his office. Sometimes I'd catch him looking at me but he never did anything. I think now he was making quite sure I didn't tell anyone. I often thought about him sucking my nipples though, He'd been so good at it.
It was a summer day. I remember it very clearly because I'd been rubbing my nipples that morning, and I'd shoved my T shirt on and I so loved the feeling of the fabric against them. They were so sensitive when I got them big and juicy like that, and so I decided to go to college without a bra. Lots of the other girls did it. I used to watch their nipples and wonder what it would be like to suck them. I thought I might be a lesbian, which would solve the penis problem for good, except I really didn't want to touch another girl's vagina. And I couldn't forget how, in the middle of my arousal, I'd eaten the come of Henry as if it was a feast. I was disgusted with myself.
The message that I was to go to the Principal's office came just before the first bell.
I wasn't at all sure about this. I mean, I hadn't forgotten how good he was, sucking my nipples he was just fantastic, the king of nipple sucking, he made me want to moan and whisper and beg. He made me want to say filthy stuff. But I didn't want to see his cock again. I didn't know what I might do.
When I first got to his room he was looking cross and I didn't suppose he'd be doing any tit licking. I was disappointed actually, I could feel them, all excited behind my shirt. I looked at his mouth.
"Charlie Barker, he said. I am concerned about your nipples."
I stared. "I'm sorry sir."
"They seem to be sticking out. Have they been sucked?"
"But..." I wasn't sure what to say. He knew he'd sucked them till I'd screamed with pleasure. He knew I wanted him to suck them again. What was I supposed to say.
I looked at him. I thought I should be bold.
I opened my shirt, popped my breasts out of my bra so they stood forwards.
"There they are sir. You sucked them yourself."
"Has someone been sucking them lately Charlie Barker?"
"No sir."
"We know that's not true don't we..." he said, and he was like a snake. he flexed the muscles in his arms.
I blinked.
Suddenly he had me, both arms in a half Nelson, and I saw there was a big bowl of icecream on his desk.
He scooped a handful and rubbed it over my left breast, gripping my left nipple. It melted on the skin. My breast was cold. It was gorgeous.
"This should soothe it nicely," he said.
I didn't feel soothed. Between my legs was really wet.
"Is that nice Charlie? Is there something you wanted?"
I nodded. There was no point pretending.
"Tell me about Henry."
I swallowed.
"Tell me about putting on a show for Henry."
"There's nothing to tell sir."
"Twenty pounds, Charlie Barker, and he doesn't even suck them. You must be desperate." And he tweaked the nipple, rolling it between his finger and thumb and started to eat the ice cream off me, licking it away from all over my breast, edging towards the nipple, bit by bit. I could feel his other hand on my inner thigh, could feel his finger edging inside my pants. I groaned. I couldn't help it. It was his tongue on me.
"Beg, Charlie"
"I'm sorry, sir?"
"Beg me to do what you want."
"Suck them, " I said desperately. "Please sir."
"Why?"
"Because I love it when you suck them."
"What will you do if I suck them?"
"What do you mean sir?"
"My best friend Cyril wants to play. You met Cyril last time."
I almost giggled. Cyril?
He sucked his finger and slipped it over my clit. It was wet and warm. "I can suck those tits of yours till you beg for Cyril"
My clit grew like magic. And I swallowed. "Please sir, suck them."
"You know what you have to do Charlie."
I remembered the enormous cock. Cyril. "No sir."
"We'll see. Charlie. You can have a sample. Then we can agree about Cyril."
"Sir?"
He turned me round, laid me on the floor. There were two metal rings in the floor, and he put me between the, I could see each rung had a pair of handcuffs on it.
My nipples reached out like semaphore. For a moment he was poised over one of them. Then he sucked.
Christ that man was good. In later years, when I was a big success, I paid men to come in once a week to suck them for an hour. Some of them had to suck me for hours before I came, he could do it in minutes.
I was lost in it, the feeling, the sucking. So lost I hardly noticed his finger starting to rub my clit. I hadn't asked for it but I didn't care. He was sucking, chewing, kneading, and he was making me beg.
"Oh god sir, please sir, suck me sir, do it to me sir, I love that. Suck me harder. Feel my clit sir, oh that's good." I could tell he loved me talking dirty and I was good at it. I'd do it as long as he'd suck me. My come was building up and building up.
He was clever. He held me on the edge like a pro. Every ten seconds I had to say "suck me sir, suck me some more," and as long as I did that he carried on. My clit had been getting bigger and bigger but now it was waiting. It didn't know what he'd do.
He took his mouth off my tit and pinched my clit hard.
"Beg for him, Charlie. Beg for Cyril."
I shook my head. "Please sir just suck them. I love it when you suck them."
Then he did something I hadn't expected.
He put me in handcuffs. I was stretched out, my nipples pointing upwards, my arms stretched up above me. He sucked my right nipple in between his teeth, hard, firm, repeatedly, and I said "please sir, please don't stop. You're so good. Suck me more like that. Suck me and rub me and I'll do whatever you want."
I didn't want Cyril but if that was what it took. My clit was...
And then his mouth was off me, and instead there was a finger and thumb pinching each of my nipples, pulling them out and kneading them like playdoh, hard and rough and on the edge of pain. I wriggled but I couldn't move, and he pushed my legs up and moved my pants aside.
My clit. He had found it with his tongue. His tongue was on my clit, in my cunt, prying, prodding, licking. He knew it like he knew my nipples.
I twisted, to try to stop it. If this carried on I'd be begging for Cyril to fuck me. I'd be a slut again. I mustn't. I must control myself. Already the thought of that huge, ugly purple organ was becoming dirtily exciting. Already I wanted to suck it. The kneading fingers on my breasts kept going, and excited my round swollen traitorous clit even further.
"Beg for Cyril, Charlie. Beg."
Oh God I was horny. I thought of that vast purple cock, so ugly and dripping, and i wanted it thrusting into my hands, my mouth, I wanted to worship it and lust after it and play with it and suck on it...I'd lost control. I didn't care.
"Please Sir. Let me suck Cyril. I want to suck Cyril."
"What will you do?"
"Anything sir. I'll lick the shaft and suck the end and stroke him and rub him and do whatever you want."
"We'll see little Charlie. Do you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to suck your juicy hot clit, and then you're going to beg Cyril to fuck your mouth. Sucking Cyril will be all you could ever want."
Then he sucked my clit in between his teeth.
It was like an electric shock. I shrieked.
He pulled off at once.
"Do it again sir. Oh God please."
He sucked again, then he licked twice, three times, side to side, and then he took the whole of the front of my cunny into his mouth.
It was gorgeous.
It was the best feeling I had ever felt.
He licked. Twice, and I moaned. Then he sucked hard again, throbbingly, ten times in a minute. I wanted to come. It was building up. Sucking and licking and sucking and licking. My clit was on fire.
Then he was off me again.
"That's it Charlie till you prove it."
I was in the cold. The sucking, the licking, the nipples. I was on the edge of coming, it was hovering there like a bumblebee.
"Please sir I want Cyril."
It was there in front of me again, that gross purple cock. It was still only the second one I'd seen, after I'd eaten off Henry's, but now I wanted to suck it. I wanted to lick it and suck it and chew it and own it. I opened my mouth and let it in.
It was big. He pushed it in so far it touched the back of my throat. Then he stayed still. I could feel the shaft of it, the skin that covered the top pushing back. I thought of Henry's fine slim cock. This one was fat, huge. It was horrible but I lusted for it.
I could hear his voice from down near my cunt.
"Now Charlie Barker, you lick and you suck and you chew, and you prove to me you love Cyril more than anything you've every sucked, but you keep your teeth away."
"Mmmm, mmmm "
I let him push it into my mouth, in and out. His lips were back on my clit sucking and chewing, and they were all I could think of. He was sucking on it like it was a sweetshop, feeding on me as if I was just bait. I could feel him gobbling and gumming and muttering into my clit and my lips. playing with them, flapping and them, chewing and noshing and sucking.
He could feed on me forever, I was limp, I was ready, I was his.
I could feel him starting to shudder. He was pumping it into my mouth now, and I was choking on the fatness, the hugeness of Cyril, but I didn't care, he had the whole of my cunny in his mouth and his tongue was stroking it and his teeth were chewing it. Cyril was gorgeous. Cyril was the thing I worshipped. Cyril, his giant purple cock, was the loveliest thing I had ever tasted.
I moaned
He pulled out of my mouth for a second. "Beg."
"Cyril let me suck you. Please come back into my mouth."
"You'll suck him every day? Every day?"
"Oh yes Sir, please sir, every day, I swear on my life. Every day you want me to, every day."
Cyril filled my mouth again, bigger and hotter than ever before, and Professor Jones was seeking out the back of my throat with him, rubbing and banging him into me as if he needed to break me. It was hot and hard and I loved it, and his mouth was chewing at me as if I was his favourite sweet,...
It was building up. Building up, building up. I sucked on his cock for all I was worth and then I exploded like a volcano again.
And I bit him in my shock and ecstasy.
"Christ Almighty!"
He pulled out of me, leaning over me. He must just have been about to come - but I'd hurt him.
I couldn't focus. I was still throbbing from his mouth on me. I moaned and came again.
"You little shit," he said. "Lick him clean."
My clit died a death.
Cyril hung above me, purple and unhappy. I was so ashamed. It was horrible. I had sucked his thing and I had wanted to, and now I had come and I didn't want to do it any more.
"Lick Cyril better," he said. "Cyril wants a good sucking. Cyril isn't finished. Cyril wants to start again."
He took my hands and he showed me what to do. He had me put my hands on the shaft, below my mouth, and slide them down and up ahead of me. He had me pull the foreskin back, and up again. He had me lick and run my teeth gently.
And all the time I hated it. Now my clit had collapsed I was so ashamed that I had begged to do this. So ashamed. I was a slut.
I worked on Cyril like he wanted, kneeling in front of him like a slave girl, sucking and licking and rubbing.
It took ages. Cyril was soft at first. It took a while for him to really harden up, but he did. And I rubbed and lucked and licked and rubbed. I changed rhythm and I moaned and when he told me to I reached down and I felt his balls and pushed my finger into his anus, firmly, as if I was doing sex on him instead of the other way round.
He loved it, the anus thing, he had me rub my finger round and round it whilst I sucked Cyril, and at once point he stopped and got this candle and I had to slide it in and out of him whilst I sucked. And at some point he reached down and pinched my clit and it got all fat and hot again.
That's when I knew that the minute they touched my clit I would turn into this total slut. I knew I was going to go for it, not matter how shameful. I was being punished, I was a bad girl. I was doing as I was told, and I was shameful I loved it, and the dirtier it got the more I loved it. Oh God I wanted to suck it. I was back. Cyril was my God. God I was dirty. I was filthy. I was sucking cock like my life depended on it, sucking and licking and chewing and rubbing.
Eventually he was moaning and sighing, and the power of it had turned me on. I was all over him, hungry like a dog. I was sucking Cyril, sucking Jem's hairy balls, licking round his anus, poking my tongue in there, then sucking, sucking, sucking. At one point he put a handful of ice cream on Cyril and I licked it out of every crack, poking my tongue in to get it out. God I was mad for it. I was mad for Cyril. Mad for that huge ugly cock.
I should have let him fuck me, it might have stopped me, but I guess I was so frustrated then, and so determined. I was at it for over an hour. Every time he nearly came I squeezed the bottom of the shaft, where he showed me, and I started it again. I wanted to suck Cyril forever. I rammed the candle into him. I sat on his face and ground him into my clit till it throbbed and begged for more. But really I wanted the cock, just the cock. I was drunk on the power to worship this huge purple cock. Then the balls again, then the giant purple cock. I sucked and rubbed and rammed him into my throat, harder and forcefully, and every time he nearly came I slowed him up. He was groaning and sighing and every so often he just reached down and yanked on my tits, and I was just hotter than a pot roast.
Eventually he couldn't take it any longer. Pushing and grunting he made me kneel in front of him and then he grabbed my head and rammed me back and forth over Cyril. He was fucking my mouth. He was using me as a tool for masturbation. You little slut, he kept saying, you dirty little slut, you'll pay for this. You'll suck Cyril every day you're at this college. Every day, you hear me?
And I moaned and begged because I thought that's what I wanted, I was so aroused, so ready, and he was pushing hard against my throat till Cyril jerked and spurted into me. And I heard him say, "you swallow every drop, Charlie Barker, every drop."
And as he said it Cyril deflated into this limp purple thing, and he had me suck it for a whole ten minutes whilst he squeezed my nipples and sucked my clit and I exploded over and over again, wildly aroused and ashamed. Wanting to suck him and harden him all over again.
After that he called for me most days. The first time he showed me the film he'd shot when I went mad for Cyril and sucked him like he was my supper. He told me he'd put it online unless I did penance, and I believed him.
Penance was sucking Cyril. I'd promised it and I loved it. I loved the dominance and the humiliation. I loved the fact that he liked to see my breasts trussed up so that my nipples screamed to be touched. Sometimes he handcuffed me and fucked my face. I had to suck him at least once a day, but often two or three times. I had to kneel at his feet with Cyril in my mouth whilst he made phone calls and organised lectures. He liked me to have Cyril in his mouth when Cyril was down and floppy, liked me to lick him awake. Every so often Cyril would swell up and want to come, and I had to swallow it every time, and then I had to thank him. Once he was ramming himself into my mouth whilst he talked to my Dad on the phone.
It was all revenge, I know it now revenge for that first time when I'd refuse to lick him. He was going to make sure that I licked him until it was all I knew. He never tried anything else. I asked him once to fuck me, to get it over with, and he said you must be joking. The day you get fucked you'll only be half as horny. You keep sucking my cock.
I was sucking it when he did my reference for my first job. She swallows everything I give her, he said, and he laughed. When she gets into her rhythm she can really produce results.
And that's how I came to hate penises. So would you, if you'd been humiliated like that. Every time he tweaked my breasts I was his. Every time he tweaked my breasts I thought Cyril was a God. Every time his lips were on me I exploded with lust for that fat purple cock and sucked it till it exploded.
I can't get away from it. Every time I think I've found a beautiful lover and they touch my breasts, I can't stop myself. I attack their cocks as if they're going out of fashion. Hours of it. They think christmas has come till it's over, then they think what sort of a slut is she, she sucked my dick all night like I was Thanksgiving feast. She talks dirtier than a ten dollar whore. They never call twice, but they tell all their friends about me, the virgin whore who loves cocks. I'm hornier than the horniest man in the world. I suck cocks whenever I can get them. And I call them all Cyril.