Chapter 1 - "Finally!"
My wife has never been one to dress conservatively. She doesn't mind showing off skin - string bikini's, halters and short shorts, miniskirts and tiny black dresses. And men enjoy seeing her; at 39, Jenny is still trim and petite. Honestly, she can rock most any outfit.
Now and then I've been able to exploit her exhibitionist side: An occasional panty flash to a stranger in a bar. Driving down the parkway with her top open. Making love in the window of a sixth floor hotel room. But these occasions were rare, and most lasted for only a moment or two. I never had the courage to take it to the next level, to really 'show off' my wife. But I often wondered if Jenny fantasized about being a sexual exhibitionist, and if so, would she be able to act out those fantasies if the situation was right?
I found out last summer, when we came under the influence of a coworker of mine - James.
I'd been working with him for about a year. He was handsome, but not showy. Strong and physically fit, but no muscle man. A bit of a flirt with the ladies. And he had a dominant personality, a born leader at work and play. We socialized with him and his then girlfriend. They were a good looking couple, and our foursome chemistry was good, even if sometimes he and Jenny flirted a bit too much for his girlfriend's liking. (As for me, it turned me on to see their interplay.)
We often met out for drinks, or dined at our house. Last June we joined them at a Holiday Inn in the next county for a 90's dinner/dance party. No one wanted to be a designated driver or risk a DWI, so we booked two rooms. I didn't expect any hanky panky.
It was a fun night. Good food and music, and plenty of drinking and dancing. I had a few slow dances with Suzanne (who worked at the same company as James and I). To be honest I loved holding her close, feeling her youthful body next to mine, getting lost in her perfume. James danced with my wife and it was a turn-on watching their flirtations, and seeing him hold her body close and tight. By night's end we were all a bit sexually charged and more than a little drunk. Walking back to our rooms, James said, "Come in for a nightcap." Despite being past our limit, we agreed.
Inside, Suzanne went to the bathroom to change. James fixed a round of drinks, then loosened his shirt and kicked off his shoes. He sat on the bed with his back against the headboard. Jenny and I squeezed onto the small but comfy sofa. My wife leaned against me, drunk and sleepy. Suzanne came back wrapped in a white robe. She crawled into bed and was soon leaning against her boyfriend, nuzzling him, looking sleepy and drunk.
Suzanne was a sight - sexy yet childlike. She kept in shape with Pilates and yoga, and tanned regularly at the salon. She often wore her hair in a pony tail, but tonight it was full and loose. My wife was nestled in my arms, still in her blouse and a short skirt. She slipped off her shoes and let them fall to the floor. After resting her head against my chest she closed her eyes. I enjoyed holding her.
James spoke softly. "We're lucky men, aren't we, having such beautiful women?" He kissed the top of Suzanne's head. How could I not agree?
He talked for a while - I don't recall what it was about since I was engrossed in watching his right hand running up and down Suzanne's leg, and was more engrossed when his hand touched the bottom of her robe, brushing it upward, revealing more of her legs. I was too buzzed to feel guilty at staring, especially since James seemed to be doing this for my benefit.
But then he gave me a look that seemed to ask if I wanted see more, and when I nodded he pushed away more of the robe from Suzanne's thighs. There it was - a glimpse of ruby-colored fabric, her thong. I must have smiled because James nodded. And a few minutes later he moved even more of the robe until I could see all of her scarlet silk underwear. His girlfriend showed no sign of knowing (or caring) how exposed she was.
My wife shifted position and nudged deeper into my arms. Her eyes were open now, but she said nothing. I'm sure she knew how much I appreciated the show. We watched as James trailed his hand upwards, until his fingers were lightly against the front of Suzanne's underwear.
Knowing he had our full attention, James continued the show. Casually he undid the robe's waist tie. He toyed with it until the robe slid opened, revealing Suzanne's taut belly. When he massaged her stomach in gentle circle motions, she let out a soft moan. She opened her eyes briefly, smiled at us, then closed them again, as if slipping off to somewhere pleasurable.
"Do you enjoy watching?" he suddenly asked us in a soft, calm tone. While we stumbled to reply, he added, "It's OK. You don't have to answer." Our staring was answer enough.
He moved his hand down to Suzanne's thighs. We watched his fingers up and down her thigh, but never actually touching the triangle of red fabric. These motions directed our vision to her slightly opened legs - how could we look anywhere else? It was a mesmerizing sight, for both Jenny and me. (Although my wife was silent I sensed her breathing grow heavier.)
Deftly James opened Suzanne's robe further, now exposing the matching scarlet bra. "Red lingerie," he told us in a hushed voice. "Classic."
My wife and i nodded, entranced at seeing Suzanne laying out like a pin-up model or a Vargas album cover.
His hands were massaging his girlfriend, while he stared at my wife. "And now, Jenny... What color is your lingerie tonight - under that short skirt of yours? I'm sure it's something sexy, but what color? Red? Black? Virgin white? Some oth-"
"Black," she answered, quicker than I expected.
He shook his head and laughed. "No. I don't want you to tell me. I want you to SHOW me."
"I, uh-"
"Don't tell me you're embarrassed - not wearing that skirt." And when she moved her hand to adjust her skirt to cover more of her legs he just said, "Don't," in a firm voice.
Don't. A command. I was too thrown off to object to him telling my wife what to do, but I was also curious about Jenny. What would she do? I knew she had a submissive side - even though I wasn't good at being dominant - but would she actually obey another man?
Her hand froze in place. Until James spoke again.
"I said ... show me."
She looked up at me. I had a brief rationalization: this was just her showing off her underwear; was underwear any different than a bathing suit bottom? I also became aroused at the situation. And so I made no objection. And since I didn't stop this from going further Jenny proceeded to spread her legs slightly, and tugged at the bottom of her skirt, lifting it just high enough to reveal a black panty with pink lace edging.
"There, that wasn't so hard, was it?"
"No," she replied with a smile.
"Of course not." He moved his head to get a better look. "But don't be shy. Open your legs more." He waited for her to spread them wider, then said, "Very good." He looked up at us and nodded, as if appraising how far he could take us. To me he said: "Yes, we are very lucky indeed."
He reached for his drink and took a sip, moving slowly to not disturb his girlfriend. Jenny began to close her legs, but when he shook his head, she opened them fully again, even a little wider now. It was then that I knew that she would do most anything he would ask of her.
"I'm sure you're wearing a matching bra..."
Without speaking she reached up and undid three blouse buttons. Her black bra was now in view. And when he told her to "Keep going" she undid the final three buttons.
Again he nodded. "Hmmm, very good."
For as much as I wanted to be part of this scene I didn't move in fear breaking the mood. I just sat there, watching him caress the front of Suzanne's underwear. His hand moved back and forth, back and forth. It was mesmerizing, like a hypnotist swinging a pocket watch back and forth.
"Your lingerie is very sexy. But I want you to ... show me more, Jenny."
I guess I knew he would take this further. But what would Jenny do? I thought she would look at me for assurance, but this time she didn't. Was she afraid I'd object? Was she embarrassed or guilty? As if to prod her Suzanne opened her eyes and smiled. And James nodded to my wife, as if indicating that everything was OK. I held my breath, not saying a word.
Here's what my wife did: she reached up and grasped the bra's front fastener. Without looking at me she undid the clip with her right hand, then pushed each cup to the side, fully revealing her breasts to James. She giggled, but then, embarrassed, she dropped her hand to her side.
James smiled in either approval or acknowledgment. Then: "Are your nipples hard?"
She raised her hand again. As her fingers found first one nipple, then the other, she rubbed each one, letting them grow full.
"Does it turn you on to show me your tits?"
I noticed how his language was getting more graphic, and knew he would grow more bolder. Jenny didn't seem to mind; she nodded her head slowly.
"So, you like showing off your body?"
She shrugged, uncomfortable to verbalize what she was doing, what she was feeling. But when he told her to "Spread your legs wider" she opened her legs more and even leaned back tighter against me, giving him a perfect view. I was waiting for his next instruction, but Jenny shocked me. "Do you want to see more?" she asked in a timid voice.
He grinned. "Ask you husband if he wants you to."
An interesting choice of words: Not 'is it OK' or 'did I mind' but 'did I want him to'. I wouldn't just be agreeing to this, I would have to admit that I wanted this. And when she did ask me, I meekly answered, "Yes, I do."
"Then show me," James told her. His girlfriend perked up, sitting up straighter to watch.
Jenny reached down and first rubbed herself over the panty's fabric, giving him (and Suzanne, and me) a show, then she tugged the pink lace band to reveal the blond wisps of pubic hair.
"You don't shave?" he asked.
"No, just... sometimes I trim it."
This was a lot for me to process. This had been my fantasy - my wife showing off to other people - and now it was really happening. But this was different from my fantasy - another man was controlling the situation, controlling my wife. And by extension, wasn't he also controlling me?
My thoughts were broken when James said: "Now show me how you .... how you touch yourself."
Jenny needed little encouragement. At first she brushed her pubic hair, then began lightly rubbing her pussy lips, tickling them the way she liked me to touch them. Her thumb massaged her folds, seeking her clit, then her middle fingers dipped inside her now-ready lips.
"Are you wet?" James asked from the bed.
Oh, she was plenty wet already. Her finger easily slipped inside. In and and out, in and out. She enjoyed giving us a show as much as we enjoyed watching it. As she closed her eyes she continued fingering herself with one hand, while the other gripped my thigh tightly.
"Are you going to cum?"
"Uh, huh," was all she could muster.
Hearing a click I glanced over to see James with his cell phone in his hand. Somehow him taking a picture of my wife like this only added to my excitement, and before I could even think about the possible ramifications I felt Jenny get closer to an orgasm. And soon enough, as three people watched, my wife brought herself closer and closer until the first wave crashed, and she moaned, and squirmed, and had the strongest orgasm she had had in months.
No one spoke as she regained her composure. At first I felt her body relax in my arms. She opened her eyes and smiled sheepishly. But then, slowly, her body tensed up. I sensed regret overcome her. I, too, was torn with feelings - concern for her emotions but also incredibly horny. "We should be going," I said.
James just nodded. In silence and barely looking over at them, Jenny lifted herself off the sofa and reached for my hand. I stood, gave James a nod, and followed my wife out of the room. She didn't take time to fix her bra and blouse, she just clutched the shirt closed with her free hand.
Walking down the hall I stared at my wife's ass, barely hidden by her short skirt. I felt my hard-on press against my pants, straining to get out. As i struggled with the door key, Jenny leaned against the wall and stared at me, as if trying to decipher my feelings. I didn't say a word. Not until we were inside and the door closed behind us did I speak. "Get on the bed, you slut."
She looked at me and saw that I wasn't angry, just being more dominant than she was used to. "Are you going to fuck me?"
Instead of answering I merely pointed at the bed. I watched as she walked over, and leaned over the bed to pull down the covers. I walked behind her, and put my hand on the small of her back, causing her to freeze. I then lifted up her skirt and stared at her ass in that black panty. Again she asked if I was going to fuck her. "No, you're going to show me. Just like you showed him."
"Like I showed him my pussy?" Already she had a hand between her legs. I saw her fingers rub herself over her underwear.
I took off my belt. "Like you showed him your cunt." I unsnapped by pants and lowered the zipper. "Now, turn around and lay down." I pushed my pants down to my ankles, then lowered my underwear. I watched Jenny fall to the bed, then roll over onto her back. She made sure her blouse was sprayed open to display her breasts. "Spread your legs for me."
She did as instructed, and when I told her to "Show me" - repeating James' words - she obeyed. First she slipped her hands under the panty and rubbed herself, but then she took her hand out and grabbed the pink lace edging and pulled that aside. "I want you to fuck me." She was begging.
There would be time enough for that later; right now I wanted her just as James had had her. "He told you to finger your pussy .... and you did. Why?"
"Because he told me to."
"And you listened."
"I listened to him."
"Now show me - show me how you touch yourself." My hand was wrapped around my cock. As I watched her slip a finger inside her pussy, I spit a wad of saliva into my other palm, then grabbed the head of my penis. Jenny stared at me, in trance, looking me in my eyes, then staring down at my cock, and back and forth. I kept watching her fingers inside her lips, and saw as her thumb found her clit.
I was too wrapped up in the heat of the moment - and decades of fantasies - to speak with total clarity. Instead I said: "Is James your new master? Are you going to do anything... everything he asks you to?"
"Uh huh," she moaned, as lost in the moment as I was. "Anything." She was close to her second orgasm of the night.
I kept stroking myself as I watched wife fingering herself, just as she had fingered herself for another man, a co-worker, a dominant man who had taken control. Of Jenny. Of me. Of us. My right hand squeezed my cock harder. "And you're going to be James' slut? You're going to let him use you?"
"He can ... use me any... anyway he wants."
And the thought of James using her, and the sight of Jenny now cumming on the bed, and the notion that she would do anything for another man - all of this got me hotter and hotter, kept my mind lost in fantasies, and I felt the heat in my body and in my loins, until I, too, found my cock start to pulse, and the cum erupting into my hands, and me having the strongest orgasm I had had in months.
And then I looked down at my wife, mostly naked, legs spread wide. My exhibitionist fantasy had come true, I just had never imagined it would be another man who was showing off my wife.
THE END
This fictional story Copyright (c) 2017, 2018 by MRALX99 You may link to this story from non-commercial or free sites, but you may not copy or use it for any commercial purpose.