"Very good, slut," read the first line of the message on Madison's computer. "You really enjoyed humiliating yourself in class like that, didn't you?"
Madison really had enjoyed it - all of it. She enjoyed showing off her body, she enjoyed revealing herself to Dan, and she enjoyed letting him fuck her brains out in the most degrading of ways. She also enjoyed wearing a skirt and no panties to class, and of course, she enjoyed a mutual masturbation session with a girl she had met only a week before - in the cafeteria bathroom, surrounded by girls going in and out constantly.
Madison was a little disappointed by one thing, however. She couldn't help but notice that none of the pictures and videos that she sent to her blackmailer ever seemed to be circulated around the internet - well, they were being posted, but she hadn't been spread around and ruined quite yet. There she was, literally begging strangers on the internet to ruin her reputation and destroy her life, to tell the whole world that she was nothing more than a worthless, exposed slut. Yet nobody had quite managed to do that.
When she wasn't sexually aroused, she was actually kind of relieved. She still had reservations about whether she wanted to be a truly exposed webslut. However, when she was turned on, there was no question in her mind what she wanted. And that was to open up her computer and see all of it - the pictures and the videos - of her at the library, standing at her window, going to class, telling the camera what a nasty slut she was - posted on every porn site she could find. She wanted to see degrading messages directed at her - and she wanted to find it all by simply googling her own name.
Thankfully, she had been having an easier time lately orgasming to the things she was actually doing - the standing at her window nude, getting fucked and degraded by Dan, showing him the body writing she had worn to class, barely covered by her skimpy outfit.
However, Madison wanted more, she fantasized about more exposure, and she knew it was just a matter of time before she opened up her computer again and begged her blackmailer to make it happen.
Madison spent the time before graduation doing things most college students do when they are preparing to graduate. Well, sort of. Madison had already decided to stick around campus for one more year and work toward a master's degree in education, as she had planned to become a teacher. So, she was not moving out of her apartment and she was not looking for work. But she was saying goodbye to friends, and helping other people load up to move to all sorts of far-off places.
And, of course, Madison completed the next task ordered to perform. She was ordered to go to her college graduation wearing only her gown with nothing underneath but some clothes pins on her labia, nipple clamps, and a butt plug - with the word "slut" written on her stomach in large letters - and walk across a stage and receive a college diploma in front of thousands of people, a degree that suggested that she was an educated, successful person - all with an outfit designed to make her feel like she had been spread around and ruined.
She had taken a video of herself in the restroom, unzipping the gown to show off what she had done to herself and what she wasn't wearing underneath. She rolled the camera as she walked out and sat down among the throng of fellow graduates. And then she walked across the stage with a huge smile as the clamps, which had been on for an hour that point, pinched her nipples with an intensity that did not make her wince in pain, but did not let her forget of their presence.
She smiled wide as she took her diploma, the plug digging into her ass as she received her four-year degree. And she felt sublimely exposed as the campus photographer snapped a picture of her, wearing nothing but her gown, smiling wide. Madison walked quickly back to her seat after the dean congratulated her, her thighs soaked in pussy juice.
The other part of her orders, however, were that she could not put on any additional clothing until she had returned to her apartment. She was allowed to remove the nipple clamps only, but was not permitted to wash the writing off her body or take the plug out until she returned home. Her blackmailer has agreed to allow her to remove the clothespins from her labia occasionally, under the condition that they must returned to her labia, perhaps in a slightly different position, within ten seconds, until she returned home. Madison had, in fact, taken advantage of this allowance twice during her ceremony, reaching subtly under her gown to reposition the pins just before she walked and after she returned to her seat.
"God, what if someone hears these clicking together while I walk?" Madison had fretted to herself as she prepared for her ceremony. It was a fear worth considering; however, when she was actually walking, the clicking was drowned out by applause. However, what most stunned Madison was what happened immediately after the ceremony.
"Madison, oh, congratulations! Your father and I are so proud of you!" Her mother had said.
"Yes, we are - in fact, we'd like to treat you to dinner," her father had replied.
"After we get a picture with our graduate in her gown, of course!" Her mother said excitedly.
"Shit!" Madison thought to herself. She now had not one new problem, but two. What if her parents wanted to have dinner now, as in without going back to her apartment? How would she keep her gown on and zipped the whole time without raising their suspicions? And perhaps worse, how would she make it through a picture without her clamps being discovered? They were thin clamps, and she had strategically pointed them toward the ground so as to not draw attention to them, but still, all it would take was one wrong move and an accidental brush of her body against one of her parents' hugging arms, and the cat was out of the bag.
"I - sure, but I need to pee first," Madison stammered quickly. She remembered her rules - the ceremony was over, and she was free to remove the clamps. At least that would solve one of her problems.
Madison quickly waded through a sea of fellow graduates and their parents, darting off to the bathroom before her parents could respond. She only briefly paused for a hug and a picture with one of her female classmates, and she wondered of the hug had given away the fact that she was wearing clamps, or the fact that she wasn't wearing anything else under her gown.
"God, that was fucking hot!" Madison thought to herself as she considered the possibilities. She really dreaded her parents finding out about her, but she had really gotten used to fantasizing about being exposed to friends and classmates. "I'd be such a mess," she continued to think as she walked. "God, I'm a filthy little slut!"
Madison entered the restroom and chose a stall away from the door. She sighed in relief as she closed the door, noticing that her hands were a little shaky from the rush. She slowly unzipped her gown, revealing her perky breasts, with their clamped, erect, tortured nipples a darker than usual shade of red. But she did not stop there. Madison continued to unzip her gown until she could clearly see the four letters that made up the word "slut," feeling that she deserved to be reminded of what she really was inside.
Madison didn't bother removing the clamps right away. Instead, she unzipped her gown a little more and softly stroked her pussy. "God, I'm fucking wet," she thought. It was true. Her juices, with nothing to hold them back, we're running down both legs, and the aroma of fresh pussy filled the stall as Madison collected her liquids with her hand, depositing them on her tongue.
"I'm a slut," she said out loud, hoping nobody in another stall could hear but perhaps fantasizing about the possibilities if someone did. She looked at the writing on her body again. "I deserve this," she continued. "To be humiliated and to suffer." Quickly, Madison ripped the clamps off her nipples, eliciting a wince that almost caused her to shriek. She doubled over, leaning against the toilet, mouth open, but accepting what she knew she deserved. Luckily, she was able to maintain her composure and avoid complete humiliation for the time being.
However, Madison was far too aroused to simply let herself off the hook now. She looked back down at the writing on her body. "I'm a slut," she told herself again. As she often did when she was horny, Madison soon began to have fantasies of deep and extreme humiliation.
"Mom - Dad - I - I know you're proud of me and all, but - I - I have to show you something," she said in her fantasy. They had just arrived at a restaurant, her parents quizzing her about why she wouldn't take off the graduation gown, when Madison couldn't take it anymore.
"What is it, honey?" Her dad asked.
"Well, I - umm - I" Madison stammered. She was so nervous she couldn't even get the words out. "I'm just going to show you," she said finally.
"Show us what?" Her mom asked, puzzled.
"I - I'm going to show you what - what I am," she replied. Her heart was pounding, racing really, and she knew there was no going back.
"What you are? I don't understand," her father replied. "What do you mean?"
"Well, the reason I - I wouldn't take off my gown, umm - like I said, I'm just going to -" Madison began. She felt her eyes close as she reached for the zipper on her gown. Already she felt like she was going to explode into orgasm, and her parents quite literally hadn't seen a thing yet. Slowly she pulled the zipper down, opening her eyes, locking eyes with her father as the zipper made it down just slightly below her breasts.
Her mom gasped. "Madison! You're naked under there!"
"Oh, that's it, makes sense now," her dad said. Obviously, he was referring to the fact that he had pieced together why Madison still had her gown on. "Must have been a prank or something," he thought to himself.
"Well, that's part of it," Madison said. She could feel herself about to start shaking from excitement and nerves, knowing what she was about to do. Her hand continued its journey down her body, the zipper being pulled along in tow.
"Madison, we get it, you don't have to take it off, we believe you!" Her mother scolded. "Come on, let's go. Zip that back up!"
"Wait," was all she could say. Her parents both turned to look at her. "Time to rip off the band-aid," she thought. She quickly, nervously pulled the zipper down below her navel, stopping to grab either side of her gown and spread it open. There, in front of the very people who had brought her into the world, Madison's breasts fell out of her gown, sore, red and erect from the clamps that she had been wearing for most of the morning. And farther down, glistening in the sun, was the very word that was the essence of who she had become: "slut."
"Madison, wha - why on earth would you do that?" Her father said, harshly this time. "Hello! Answer me! Why would you write that on yourself?"
"You shouldn't be proud of me, dad," she said. "I'm a slut."
"Wh -" her dad couldn't even speak. He turned away, throwing his hands up, not wanting to see what his daughter had become. He shook his head, turning back to her finally. "So what's the idea, you go show - that - to all the guys or something?" He said as he pointed at her still bare stomach. Madison's tits were still exposed for all to see, not that she cared. At this point, the humiliation was making her shake, and she was afraid she might have an orgasm just standing there.
"I'm a slut," she said again. "And I like it."
"What do you mean by "slut," her mother asked. "You had a couple of one night stands, or are you having orgies at a frat house?"
Madison did not respond, but just grabbed the zipper and continued pulling it down, knowing the clothespins on her pussy were next.
"Stop it, now!" Her mother ordered. Madison didn't listen.
"There's more," she said. Quickly, she unzipped her gown some more, pulling the bottom up until she could reach it without bending down, fully unzipping her gown and allowing it to fall to her sides. The clothespins, still attached to her engorged pussy, were now in plain view.
Madison did her best to contain her excitement. She also had to contain any reaction to the looks of utter bewilderment on her parents faces as she began to speak. "Dad, I - to answer your question, yes, I let all the guys see it," she said as she hung her head in shame. "But not - not like that, I don't - I usually don't just run up to them and start stripping, and I don't sleep with just anyone, either," she said, seeing her father's concerned look.
"So you're not really a slut?" Her mom said, hopefully.
"Oh, no," Madison said, her gaze meeting her mother's as she gladly accepted what she knew had been a long time coming. She had fantasized about this moment too many times. Madison already knew what she was going to say, having practiced her lines many times, sometimes before her high school teachers, her old friends, her college classmates, and yes - perhaps most often of all - her own parents, the people who would be humiliated almost as much as she would be by her ruination.
"I am definitely a slut. I -"
"What kind of slut are you?" Her mother asked.
"I am a webslut. An exhibitionist. I get off on showing off my body, and most of all, being and feeling humiliated for it. I actually - I don't know how else to say this - I'm naked all over the internet."
"Naked?" Her father chimes in. Completely naked?"
"Yes - well, I mean, yeah, but - not - not just naked. I humiliate myself. I beg to be passed around. I call myself webslut Madison Holt and I beg for my reputation to be ruined, and to be made famous, and - and I do it all for free because I love being a slut so much I can't stop myself and I know I'll never get a job because I'm all over the internet begging, using my real name, but I love it and I -"
All of the sudden, Madison's fantasy was cut short. As she flashed back to reality, she realized all of the sudden how real her fantasy had become. She had transported herself to such a far away land that she didn't even realize that, in reality, she was standing in a bathroom stall, wearing nothing but her graduation gown, with her left foot on the floor and her right rested on the toilet seat. She was twisting her nipples with her left hand and furiously fingering herself with her right and, although she had not reached orgasm, she was so close she didn't think she could stop herself.
"Madison, are you in here?" She heard. It was the voice, the one that had ripped her out of her fantasy land and found her agonizingly aroused in a bathroom stall, and it was none other than her mother's. "Fuck!" She thought to herself.
"Yes, I'll be right out!" Madison called as her mind raced. She hit her lip as she twisted the clothespins on her labor, extracting an additional jolt of pain to keep herself on edge just a few seconds longer as she paused ever so briefly before pressing the two opposite ends of her zipper together.
In that moment, she actually considered a couple of things that, had she not been aroused, she would have found vile and disgusting. First, she contemplated pressing the cold steel toilet flush handle into her pussy, pressing as far as it would go. But she would not stop there. She would create photo proof of her deed and post it, showing the world how filthy she really was before having a chance to take it back. She would beg to be humiliated and degraded for doing it, for forcing a germy, infected, uncomfortable piece of metal, filled with the filth of dozens or perhaps even hundreds of hands, into her most intimate cavity.
Second, Madison briefly considered pressing her body against the wall behind the toilet, pressing her lips to the tile backsplash as she began to make out with a reflection of herself in that tile that was so faint it was barely visible. She would think about the fact that she was kissing a bathroom wall, wondering if by chance some cute, dirty girl had run her tongue over that exact spot before, just as she was doing now. She would even wonder if a girl had - whether by purpose or mistake - splashed some saliva or urine over that spot, and she just happened to be wiping the last remnants up with her tongue. She would press her tongue hard against the tile, wanting to feel like a whore, wondering what it would feel like if Dan - or even her mystery blackmailer - forced her to lick a bathroom floor.
But Madison just shook her head, slightly disturbed that she would even think of such things in a moment where her mother was waiting just feet away. She looked at the word "slut" on her stomach one last time as she zipped her gown up, past the clothespins, past her sparkly, dangling bellybutton ring, past the degrading adjective she had been forced to write on her body to describe herself. She zipped it up past her sore, erect nipples, and finally brought the zipper to rest just below its highest possible point - high enough that nobody would suspect that she had no clothes on underneath, and low enough that it wouldn't look like she was hiding anything.
Madison took a deep breath before locking her juices off her fingers. She told herself that she needed to get the smell of her pussy off of her hand before she left, but deep inside, she knew it was a lame excuse. She would have done anything to taste a fresh pussy at that moment. It just made her even more aroused, and she briefly considered lifting up her gown and fingering herself all the way to orgasm before she shook her head.
Madison took a deep breath again. She needed to calm down, and wondered if the shaking she felt - the rush, knowing she was not only nude, but completely exposed for all she was under her gown - knowing she was a slut, knowing what she really craved - really, wondering if it was visible to anyone but her. She felt as if everyone could see right through her gown, knew what she was without even having to look or ask. Madison took yet another deep breath. She really just wanted to be fucked right there in the bathroom, she didn't care who did it. She wanted her hands up against the wall of the stall while her pinned pussy was fucked from behind, and then perhaps the guy would leave and Madison would just bend over and wait for a new fuck to take his place - one after the other, calling her a slut, inviting the next round in, until she was completely debased.
"God, what is wrong with me?" She thought. "I've had some sick fantasies, but damn! I am really horny today!" Madison shook her head again, sighed, and opens up the door to the stall. "I wonder what kind of trouble I'm about to get into," she thought to herself. As aroused as she was, she knew this day was going to lead to more humiliation of one sort or another, and part of her just couldn't wait. She knew she needed it.
"How long does it take you to pee?" Madison's dad asked scornfully as she and her mother approached.
"Oh, come on, now, she just graduated from college. I think you could be a little nicer to her today!" Madison's mother shot back at him. Slowly the trio walked toward the car, surrounded by other graduates and their families, all leaving the arena. The plug, still in Madison's ass, reminded her that even today, she was nothing more than a slut.
"I guess there's no point in going back to your apartment, right Madison? Her dad asked.
"Ummm," Madison said aloud as she thought. She tried thinking of an excuse to go back, as she knew that once she walked through that door, she was free to wash the writing off her body, to remove the plug from her ass, to take off the clothespins and to put on "normal" clothes - which at this point meant short shorts and some sort of mildly revealing crop top. Truthfully, though, she wasn't sure she even wanted to go back. The clothespins gnawed at her pussy as she walked. If they did nothing else, they kept her aroused, kept her on edge, and kept her secretly in the mood to be humiliated.
"Well, where do you want to go? We'll go anywhere you want," Madison's dad said finally as they reached the car. Madison still really hadn't thought about whether she truly wanted to go home first and dispense with the risk that she would be truly humiliated, let alone coming up with an excuse to do so.
Madison opened the back door of her parents' car and sat down. The plug shot into her ass, and without even thinking, the slut spread her legs and relaxed her sphincter, allowing the plug to press farther into her ass. She knew she deserved it as the clothespins squeezed her labia.
"Fuck, I'm a filthy little slut!" Madison thought to herself as she felt these sensations. She raised her right hand to her face, about to slap herself reflexively, when she remembered that her parents were there and would not have any idea why their smart, successful daughter would be slapping herself in the face. Slowly she dropped her hand to the side. "God, I don't deserve to go back," she thought. "I'm a little whore. I was made to suffer. and if I wind up totally humiliated, then I deserve it."
Madison reached her hand, instead, underneath her right buttock, which was closest to the door she had entered. Slowly, she lifted the back of her gown, bit by bit, until she could feel her bare ass. Thankfully, her deeds went unnoticed by her parents in the front seat, and the seat back and seat bottom covered up Madison's extracurriculars. Madison slowly pulled on the tip of her plug, feeling it slide past her sphincter as she quietly began to pull it out of her ass. However, after about an inch, she stopped, reversed direction, opened her sphincter and forced the plug slowly back inside her ass.
"Fuck me, I'm a filthy little slut," Madison thought to herself. "I don't deserve to go back home. I deserve to sit through dinner st a nice restaurant baked under my gown, plugged, and humiliated. I deserve to be fucking humiliated!" She reached her arm farther under her ass until she came to the clothespins still squeezing her labia.
Madison squeezed the clothespin on the left side, letting the blood flow into the pressed area and giving her a sensation of pain and pleasure that she probably should not have given to herself in her parents' car, at least not with them inside. She shuddered a little as she enjoyed the sensation, her mouth hanging open. "Fuck, I want this, ohhhh, fuck, I need this. Fucking humiliate me!" Madison thought to herself. She probably would have continued playing with her clothespins and plug until she was drooling in the backseat, but her mom snapped her out of it.
"Madison, is everything okay today?" Asked her mother.
"What?"
"Didn't you hear your father? Where do you want to eat?"
"Oh I, um - sorry," Madison stammered as she released the clothespin on her labia and moved on to the right side. Thankfully, her mother was seated directly in front of her and did not turn around. Her dad had started the car and had begun to drive, so his eyes were focused elsewhere. Neither of her parents had any clue what she was doing in the backseat.
"There's a really good new seafood place, it's - it's called - just turn right and it's about a mile down the road," Madison said. She had finally done it - she had assured that she would, in fact, be going to eat nude under her gown. She squeezed the clothespin on her right labia, feeling the pain and pleasure only for an instant before allowing it to snap closed on her pussy. Madison winced as she felt this, but she knew how much she needed it. She had never been so horny in her entire life.
Madison reached for her plug again. She pulled on it, pulling more of it out of her ass now. She wasn't sure if she had just become more comfortable with the fact that she was unlikely to get busted, or if her arousal was finally starting to drive her over the edge and make her act like a crazed, horny, worthless little slut.
"Fuck yeah," she thought to herself. She pulled the plug two inches out of her ass, and then rammed it back inside, hard. "Fuck, I'm a dirty little slut, naked under this gown, plugging my ass and making myself take it while my parents are right up there!"
Madison pulled the plug out again, a little farther this time. She extended her middle finger, forcing it into her asshole with the plug. "Yes, fuck, yes!" She thought to herself. "I need to take it even more up my ass! I need it! I need to be an even bigger slut!"
Madison forced the plug back into her ass before sliding her finger out. Slowly, she removed her hand from her gown and raised it to her face before checking to make sure her parents were not watching. Satisfied, Madison slowly licked her finger seductively, knowing where it had just been.
Of course, Madison had not nearly had enough, and the car was only halfway to its destination. Slowly, Madison pulled her gown with her left hand until she was no longer sitting on it. Her bare ass was now nestled against the bare car seat, and her gown was bunched up behind her low back. Madison reached her left hand under her gown, near her left hip, leaned back, and spread her legs.
"New rule, slut," she thought to herself. As she thought this, she imagines a somewhat older woman, bossing her around, telling her what her rules were, threatening complete humiliation if she did not comply. "Play with those clothespins until you get there. Don't cum, and no matter what, don't stop! Follow your rule, slut," Madison thought. The woman was now gone, and instead, it was Madison enforcing her rule because she craved it.
Quickly Madison flicked the clothespins attached to her labia, over and over, under her gown. Her pussy lips were pulled left and then right with each flick, giving her arousing sensations with each movement. Madison could feel her clit beginning to swell as her flicks became more forceful, turning into light swats as she continued.
"Fuck, you little slut! You know you want it! You know you deserve it! For all the shit you've posted online! For posting your nude pictures with your real name! For begging to be ruined and humiliated! You deserve it, slut, for dressing up like a whore and going to class and letting Dan completely degrade you and film it while y got fucked!" Madison swatted her clothespins a little harder as she thought about how much of a whore she had been, and how disappointed her parents would be if they knew a tenth of what she had done.
"We're here," her mom announced as the car pulled into the parking lot. It was probably the only thing that kept Madison from cumming in the backseat, as if she had continued for even a few more seconds, she would have been powerless to stop herself. She would have wanted it so badly that even the presence of her parents would not have stopped her. The car stopped in a parking space, and Madison stopped playing with her clothespins and her pussy. It was both what she needed more than anything, and what she dreaded most - she was spared total humiliation, but left dripping wet and unsatisfied.
"Madison, aren't you going to take off your gown?" Her mother asked as the family of three stepped outside the car almost simultaneously.
"Shit," thought Madison. Her mind began to play over all her fantasies from earlier that day, when she had been in the bathroom fingering herself. She knew she had to come up with a plan, not only a plan that would keep her humiliated and wet, and allow for more extreme scenarios to play out later, but also one that would keep her from just stripping herself down in the parking lot and confessing right there. As horny as she was, Madison actually found this difficult to do.
"What? Sorry," Madison asked her mother, buying some more time.
As her mother began to repeat herself, Madison's mind drifted away. "Fuck, I'm so horny!" She thought to herself. "But I seriously can't just do it - here- now - because as good as that would feel, it would all be over. I need to keep this going!"
Madison thought about texting Dan, telling him she was a slut and needed to be used. She thought about telling her blackmailer, whoever that was, to stop going so easy on her and to seriously ruin her, forever, for real. She knew she could get at least let if what she wanted if she did either of those things.
However, she also knew that either option would take something away from her relationship with Dan and her blackmailer - she would essentially be taking back some control of the relationship, asking for and begging for certain things. She didn't want that. She wanted to feel used and humiliated because that was what the other person wanted, not simply because she had begged for it. She wanted her consent to be used and blackmailed to be stretched until she regretted it, until she no longer wanted it - and then she wanted it to continue until there was no going back.
"I know!" Madison thought at last. "I'll send some of my pictures - the really humiliating ones - to random numbers. Five numbers." It was the text of that had given her the idea. If she wasn't going to send anything to Dan, or to her blackmailer, then she was going to send them to a random number and see what she got.
"Mom, I - no, I'm not," she finally responded to the question. "I'm just - I'm excited and I just graduated and I don't want to take it off," she lied.
"Oh, well you should be proud, sweetie, even if you don't want to admit it!" Madison's mother said with a big smile. "Okay, wear your gown! We are so proud of you too!"
As she walked behind her parents, Madison adjusted the plug in her ass. "Proud of your little cum slut, webslut of a daughter?" She thought. "You should be ashamed of me. I'm such a dirty fucking whore."
The trio made their way inside and sat at a corner table. Of course, as soon as she sat down, her plug shifted in her ass, and she was reminded again just how much of a filthy slut she was. She reached under the table and adjusted her clothespins again.
The conversation shifted to her parents' upcoming vacation to the Bahamas, and Madison's thoughts drifted away again. "God," she thought, "what would it feel like to be completely stripped naked in here - to just stand up and take off my gown and let everyone see what I am, to walk out - to try to walk out - ohhhh god!"
In her mind, Madison was forced back inside by a strong, strange man. Her ankles were bound to chair legs, she was tied to the chair back, and slapped across the face. "Tell them! All of them!"He shouted.
"I'm a slut! In webslut Madison Holt! Go look me up and ruin me!" She shouted, loud enough that the restaurant could hear.
Madison shook her head. She tore herself away from her fantasy long enough to nod along at some comments her parents were making. Looking down, she noticed the one article of clothing that she was wearing in addition to her gown - her high heels - had ankle buckled that were the perfect height for strapping to the thin chair legs.
She did not hesitate. Madison reached down without so much as looking around to see if anyone in the restaurant was watching. She unfastened the right ankle strap, wrapped it around the chair leg, pulled it as tight as she could, and fastened it again. There was barely enough room, and her ankle was pinched tight in between the strap and the chair leg. She couldn't move it at all, except that her ankle was fastened to the chair leg just above the brace connecting the front and back legs, and perhaps if she really made an effort, she could have slid her ankle up the chair leg.
Of course, she could not stop there. Madison quickly did the same to the other leg, then sat up and focused her attention back on the conversation. Luckily, her parents were both sitting across from her and, other than wondering why she had bent over a couple times, hadn't noticed a thing.
"Ohhhhh," yes, I'm a slut. All tied up to this chair, so anyone can use me," she thought.
"Come and take pictures of me," she shouted, back in her fantasy. "Madison Holt. That's my name. Cum on me. Use me. Fuck me. Please, do this! Please ruin me! Fuck me and then take pictures and show the whole world how much of a nasty slut I am! Ruin my life, ohhhh, please!"
Her fantasy fast forwarded several minutes. She had blown two guys and fucked another, and had cum on her face and stomach. "Webslut" was scrawled on her face, and "Madison Holt" was on her tits. The same big guy stood over her taking pictures.
"Please, sir, please?"
"Please, what?" He asked.
"Please don't seriously ruin me. I'll do anything. Literally, anything." Madison began to struggle. She needed to get away. She tried loving her legs, but they were fastened tight to the chair.
In real life, Madison lifted her gown slowly. She lifted it up as she looked around, making sure nobody was watching. At first, she lifted it past her knee. Her heart raced as she lifted it up higher, wondering how much of her leg the tablecloth kept hidden. She lifted it up to her thigh, knowing that, if she lifted it any higher, she would be revealing the fact that she had no skirt or dress on under her gown.
Madison took another look around. "Fuck, I need this!" she thought. She pulled her phone out, recording herself, smiling at the camera.
"What are you doing?" Her mom asked.
"Just seeing if there is anything in my teeth," Madison replied. She quickly winked at the phone when her mom was not looking, then appeared to put the phone down at her side.
What Madison actually did was stick her phone under the tablecloth, filming as she lifted her gown even higher, spreading her legs to show that she was bare underneath. She shook her hips slightly, shaking the clothespins still attached to her labia. Madison then focused the camera down, on her tied ankles, before returning it to focus on her pussy.
Madison had gone completely nuts with her arousal. "Do it, slut," she thought. "You're not stopping until the camera sees the writing."
"Hi, my name is Mark, I'll be taking care of you today," said a waiter who seemed to appear from nowhere. "Are you all set to order?"
"Fuck!" Madison thought. "Just when this was getting good. I wonder if he saw anything?" Madison knew that anyone standing to her immediate right would have a view of her tied-up right ankle, and could have even seen a bit too much of her right thigh as she had been lifting up her gown. Slowly, Madison looked up at the waiter, wondering if he had seen anything. If he had, he certainly wasn't letting her know.
"I'll take a lobster tail, please," Madison said. She knew on this day her parents would not mind whatever she wanted to order. Her parents ordered, while Madison just looked at the waiter every few seconds, wondering if he knew what she was up to. Her mom ordered shrimp primavera, and her father ordered a lobster mac and cheese. The waiter was gone as soon as he had come.
Slowly, Madison lifted her gown, up past her pussy, to her bellybutton. She was sure her ass cheek was visible on the right; thankfully, her left side was protected by a wall. Her gown draped down across her upper thigh, and the higher she lifted it in the front, the higher it rose on the side.
Madison raised it above her bellybutton, pinning it against the table as she filmed. "Spread your legs, slut," she commanded herself. "Show it off. You know how much you need it. Slut." Madison obeyed her command, spreading her legs, placing the phone on between. Although she could not see it, her phone screen showed her pussy, spread open, with the clothespins attached to her labia and the word "slut" in large letters on her stomach. She smiled to herself, knowing that her parents had no idea what she was doing to herself under the table.
Madison looked down at her tied up ankles. She struggled against the chair, the feeling of being restrained only adding to her arousal. She might have even let a soft moan escape as she struggled, a little harder this time. "Fuck, if I could only slap myself in the face right now!" She thought.
Madison lifted her right leg, looking over to the right again, making sure nobody could see. Not that she cared that much - it was the risk of being caught that drove her to act like such a little tart in the first place. She raised her knee, struggling against her ankle restraint, until her knee came to rest just underneath the table. Her right ankle was now restrained to the upper portion of the chair leg, just below the seat. The gown was raised so high on the right side that her right pelvic bone was exposed. Her clothespinned pussy was wide open and on display. Madison rotated her knee out to the right, spreading herself for anyone to her right to ogle.
The slut did notice one person looking - an older gentleman having dinner with his wife. He was staring straight at her, seeing everything she had done to herself. His eyes almost popped out of his head. Madison just smiled a little smile, winked, and went about waiting for her meal. But inside, she was a raging ball of hormones, wishing that man would bend her over a table and punish her for being such a tease.
Madison was sure to catch all this on camera. She quickly closed the camera and took a couple pictures of herself, turned to the right, gown raised up to her waist, pinned pussy exposed, her parents across the table having no idea. She then dropped her gown, allowing it to fall back to her upper thigh before pulling it down to her knees. She snapped a couple more pictures of herself looking much more modest, so that she had something to send to her parents, who no doubt were wondering what the hell she was up to. Of course, they couldn't see what was going on, as it was happening under and to the side of the table, but when Madison cropped out her tied-up ankle and sent them the pictures, it relaxed them.
Everything seemed like it was back to normal. Madison was horny as hell and would have to deal with that later, but now she was having dinner with her parents. Then, she got a text. It was Dan. "Having dinner with your parents, slut?" He asked.
Madison looked around. Sure enough, two tables behind her, Dan was sitting with a group of guys and girls Madison had never seen before. She smiled, then turned back around.
"Yes," she replied. A few seconds went by with no response. She was wondering what Dan was thinking. "Maybe I should tease him a little," she thought.
"With my ankles strapped to the chair," she texted Dan.
"You really are a filthy little slut, aren't you?"
"Yes I am. You should see what I have on under this gown..."
"Okay, slut. Enough teasing. You are going to unstrap those ankles and meet me in the bathroom, now."
"Dan, I'm here with my parents!"
"All the more reason to come. You wouldn't want me walking over to your table and showing them this, would you?" Attached to the text was a photo from days before, of Madison, nude, legs spread, with "slut" written on her stomach, "cum slut" on her face, and "dumb fuck toy" near her pussy.
"No...please don't, Dan" Madison replied.
"Do they know what a little whore you are?" Dan asked. "And why the fuck are you teasing me if you don't want this?"
"No, please, I want to keep it that way! And who said I didn't want it? ;)"
"Then come to the bathroom. Now." Madison froze. "Is he serious?" She thought. "Is he really doing this right now?" Madison barely got the thought out when she got another text. "NOW, SLUT!" She didn't have a choice. Quickly, Madison unstrapped her ankles, not bothering to even re-do the buckles on her heels before she got up from the table.
"I - uhh - I have to pee," Madison explained as she stood. Her gown fell to the floor, and the only trace of the sex-crazed slut that had been sitting at the table was the wet spot she left on her chair. Inside her mind though, all Madison could think was "I, umm - I'm a huge cum slut and I have to go suck some guy off so he keeps his fat mouth shut. That's okay though, because I'm a slut and I like being forced to suck cock like that."
"Didn't you just pee?" Her dad quizzed.
"Sometimes women have to go - for other reasons!" Her mom scolded. "And unless you want to hear all about it, just let her go!"
Madison turned and wakes quickly away. She wasn't exactly certain of what she was about to do, but she had a fairly good guess that it would involve giving Dan sexual pleasure, and she couldn't look her parents in the eye. She marched straight to the back of the restaurant and turned the corner toward the restrooms, where Dan was waiting with a smirk on his face.
"I thought you'd never come, slut. I was just about to go show this to your parents," he said, the smirk still on his face. Holding up his phone, he showed Madison the video the two of them had made. She couldn't bear to have it played in public for more than a second.
"What do you want?" She asked.
"Come with me." Dan grabbed Madison's arm and, despite her half-hearted protests, dragged her into the men's room. "Last stall," Dan said once they were inside, preferring to see Madison succumb to taking the last few steps on her own.
"Dan, what the fuck?! You - "
Dan just smiled and held up his phone again, still playing the video. "I - I - don't really think you have a choice," he said, pointing to the open stall door.
"What a fucking asshole," thought Madison as she slowly turned to step inside. It truthfully wasn't just the fact that she was being blackmailed - that fact alone was highly arousing to her. But she didn't think it was very nice of Dan to choose the middle of a dinner with her parents to force her into sex.
"Whatever you want, can you just make it quick, please? I've been acting weird all day in front of my parents, and they're going to know - I mean, they're going to know somethings up."
"Acting weird? How?" Dan said, intrigued.
"Just, like - I've had to come up with a lot of excuses today, you know? And now the longer you take to - you know - the more I'm going to have to think of."
"Excuses for what? And what exactly do you think I'm going to do, anyway?"
"Honestly, Dan, I'm just going to show you. Excuses for this." Madison blurted this out just as she unzipped her gown, and in the span of about two seconds, the nudity under her gown became visible, as did the "slut" written on her stomach and the clothespins still clinging to her labia. "See? I have to explain to them why I can't take this off, which gets more difficult the longer it goes!"
"Jesus fucking Christ, Madison!" Dan exclaimed as he saw what Madison had done to herself, what she was wearing under her gown. "You really can't go half a day without turning yourself into a complete slut, can you? And what's up with those clothespins? Why don't you take those off so I can -"
"No, please, Dan - not the clothespins! And yes, I -"
"Geez, you fucking piece of trash!" Dan said, bewildered, as he reaches his hand out, touching Madison's waiting cunt. "These fucking things - and you're soaking wet!"
"Yeah, Dan, please - Don't take them off! I can't!"
"Oh yeah? Just can't stand the thought of not acting like a trashy little tramp, huh? Tell me, do you ever go a day without marking yourself up? Writing 'slut' all over your body, hoping maybe someone will catch you? Jeez, you just can't live without the constant reminder that you are nothing but a little fuck toy slut, can you?" Dan said. He caresses Madison's stomach as he said this, feeling her soaked pussy, and teased her by pulling the clothespins attached to her labia. It only made Madison wetter and more aroused.
"No, I just - can't. I can't explain either, but I need you to leave those alone!" Dan knew something was wrong, and was beginning to understand that perhaps Madison still had even darker secrets, ones that she had not revealed to him yet.
"Who says?" Said Dan. He grabbed Madison by the throat as he spoke. "Tell me."
"Dan - remember how I - I asked you to keep a secret once about be writing on myself?"
"Yes."
"Well I need you to leave this alone now. Just as much as I needed you to keep that secret. Okay? I might tell you, sometime - but only if and when I decide to. Okay?"
"Okay, but you're going to have to do something for me in return."
"You're - like - I mean, the whole reason you brought me in here - you've going to use me - as a slut - right?" Madison's exposure to Dan, coupled with the words she was saying, sent a jolt of blood straight to her clit. She was starting to become aroused again, and starting to care less how long Dan took.
"Say it more seductively, slut," Dan ordered. "Like you actually want me to do it."
Madison looked around and cleared her throat. "I was hoping that you would - use me - use me like the filthy little slut I am," Madison said demurely.
"First things first," said Dan, "I've got to save this image for later." He flipped his phone over to camera mode, and Madison shyly closed her gown as Dan took the first picture. Without even having to be told, she began to take it off bit by bit, smiling wide as she exposed her tender breasts, then her written-on stomach, then her pierced navel, and finally, her pinned pussy.
"Make sure you send these to me," Madison said as she turned around to show Dan her butt plug as her gown fell to the floor.
"You filthy little slut!" Dan said. "You just can't get enough of this, can you?"
"No," Madison said shyly as she sat on the toilet.
"On your knees, slut!" Dan commanded. "You're not sitting for this!" He grabbed a fistful of the slut's hair and. As she looked up at him, he gave her a condescending stare.
"First, I need your dad's phone number. Just in case you change your mind and I have to show him what a filthy little whore you turned out to be!"
"Dan, no! This is going too far, don't you think?" As soon as the words left her lips, Dan landed a stinging, open-handed slap to Madison's left cheek, eliciting a shriek. "Please, Dan? You know I'll do anything - I'll be your little slut, Dan -"
"You'll be my slut if I have the number too!" Dan slapped her again. "Only difference is, you won't have to go out there and explain why you went to pee and came back with a sore, red, beaten face! And, as an added bonus, if you give me the number, I'll let you leave these on!" Dan grabbed the clothespins and gave them a little shake. He didn't really know why she had to leave them on, and he was damn curious. But he knew he could extract that out of her bit by bit.
Madison knew that there was no way out for her. "Fuck, I don't want a way out!" She thought to herself. She knew she needed Dan to have the number. She also knew that she needed to leave her clothespins on, or risk even more extreme and perhaps even unwanted humiliation at the hands of her online blackmailer. And, perhaps more than anything, being pulled down to the floor and slapped across her face on a restaurant bathroom really did make her feel like a slut. And that turned her on, which made her want more.
"Okay," she said at last, defeated. Madison had a hard time not enjoying the humiliation she was feeling. She looked down. Dan still had a fistful of her hair, and she was naked and kneeling on the floor after having taken two hard slaps to the face. "Ohhhh, fuck, I want him to hit me again!" She thought as she looked at the floor. "God, why the fuck do I want this? Why am I so fucking turned on by this? Why am I such a fucking slut?"
"Okay," she said again. "But can you please slap me really hard one more time? Please?" She begged. Dan did not even reply, he just pulled her hair, pulling her head up with his left hand so that it would meet his swiftly moving open right hand. The two connected with a loud smacking noise, and Dan let go of Madison's hair.
"Mmmm," said Madison. She was too horny to argue with the fact that she enjoyed humiliation, enjoyed being treated like a whore. She handed Dan her phone after pulling it out of her small handbag and unlocking it.
"I want you to take it," she told Dan. "So that you know you have the real number. So you can really use it against me."
"Wow, you are serious, aren't you, slut?"
"What did you expect, a fake number?"
"Sort of. You know that I'm going to make you do way worse than strip naked in a restaurant bathroom now, right?"
"Good," said Madison, smiling. Dan quickly took a screenshot of the number and sent it to himself. He then grabbed Madison's hair with his left hand and told her exactly what he wanted.
"Good. Now take out my cock. Pull down my pants and take it out. You're going to suck it. I'm going to fuck your little mouth like the slut you are. And then I'm going to cum in your mouth and you're going to hold my cum in there until you get back to your table. Got it?"
"Yes," said Madison. She didn't need any more instructions. She already had Dan's pants halfway off. His boxer shorts were pulled down to his thighs, and Madison looked him in the eye as she took his hardening cock into her mouth.
"Mmmmm," I love sucking cock," she said after she sucked him momentarily, just enough to get him hard. "Use me, Dan. Use me like a filthy slut. I am a filthy slut, aren't I? Sucking cock in a restaurant bathroom? While I'm supposed to be having dinner with my parents?"
"Yes, you filthy fucking slut," Dan said. "You little piece of trash cunt. Now I'm going to throat fuck you. Hard."
"But, Dan - my makeup - my parents -"
"Oh, fuck your parents, Madison! You really think they aren't wondering what is taking so long already? Do you want to have a mouthful of my cock when your dad walks in here or do you want to be finished? Now what about your makeup?"
"It's going to get all messy -"
"Good!" Said Dan. "Now are you a cock slut or not?"
"Yes," said Madison. She looked at Dan's cock, and then down at the floor. She really meant it too. Madison had never felt like this much of a cheap whore.
"Then act like it!"
"Please, give me that cock, Dan," Madison said at once. "Use my throat as hard as you want. Just make sure you give me a good slapping and make me feel like a whore."
"Is that what you want, slut?"
"It's what I need. Fuck my throat, please. Fuck my makeup. Fuck my parents. I'm a slut and I want this!" Madison looked into Dan's eyes and let him know with hers that she meant every word of what she was saying.
Dan did not need any further encouragement. He grabbed Madison's hair with his left hand and her throat with his right. She willingly opened her mouth as wide as she could, and he thrust his cock hard into her throat.
"That's it, you fucking cunt. Your mouth is just another cock home, isn't it?"
"Mmmhmmm!" Madison replied. Dan slapped her hard in the face. "Mmmmm," Madison moaned.
"You fucking like that, whore?" Dan asked as he thrust his cock deep inside and slapped her again. "You like getting slapped in the face?"
"Mmmhmmm," Madison replied again. She was so horny now she could not allow herself to refuse a good, painfully humiliating slapping even if she had a large audience. She was a slut, and she knew it, and the more humiliation she accepted the more turned on she became.
"You nasty little cunt," Dan said, employing a new word of choice for the day. "You go to graduation naked under your gown, with 'slut' on your stomach and clothespins on your pussy, and you stand there like that. Then you fucking come in here to get slapped around and throat fucked and humiliated and blackmailed in a restaurant bathroom. Right, slut?" Dan had grabbed Madison on both sides of her face, and was holding her mouth open with his thumbs while he fucked the back of her throat. Madison had tears in her eyes now, and mascara running down her cheek as she was used.
"Mmmhmmm," she said. She was now so aroused that she had lost her ability to care about what she looked like when Dan was finished. She just needed his cock down her throat. Madison needed to be treated like a slut. She needed to be made to feel in the pit of her mind what she really had become. As Madison took his cock down her throat and another slap to the face, all the word that she had written on herself over and over suddenly came to life. "I really am nothing more than a slut," she realized. "All my hopes and dreams were a past life, this is my new life now - my new purpose - to be used hard," she thought.
Dan rammed his cock deep into her throat. Madison's head tilted backwards as she looked into Dan's eyes. Whether it was because Dan had pulled her hair again, or because she instinctively knew his cock would slide balls deep into her throat more easily, Madison tilted back. She greedily accepted three quick slaps to her face in rapid succession before Dan gave her a minute to breathe.
"I want you to fuck my throat," Madison said in between breaths. "I'm a whore. Use me. I've heard if you squeeze my throat while you throatfuck me it makes the sensation better. Can you try it?"
"If you want me to fucking choke you, just say it," said Dan.
"If that's how you want to think of it, fine," said Madison. "Just use me. Hard. Don't stop until your done. Don't pretend to give a shit about me, just fuck my throat."
"Fuck, you little slut!" Dan exclaimed as he thrusted his dick into Madison's waiting hole. He grabbed her neck with both hands and even squeezed a little as he fucked her. Dan could even feel the head of his penis moving through the slut's throat, with his thumbs, as he pounded her.
"Ohhhh, God, yes, you've got a tight little throat, slut! You fucking love this this, don't you?"
"Mmmhmmm," was all she could say.
"You're a filthy little fucking slut, are you?"
"Mmmhmmm!"
"You like getting choked and slapped and throatfucked and forced, don't you, cunt?"
""Mmmhmmm."
"Get your fucking hand out of your pussy, slut! I'm the one getting off here! I don't care if you want to stay in here and fuck yourself silly when I'm done, but don't swallow, and wait your turn. Got it?"
"Mmmhmmm."
"God, you're a filthy little cum slut. Filthy. Little. Piece. OF! TRASH! CUM! SLUT! FUCK!" Dan moaned loudly as he shot a huge load of cum into Madison's mouth. He pulled about halfway out just before he shot, not wanting to cum so far down her throat that she had to swallow it immediately.
"Show me, slut," Dan said. Madison opened her mouth, showing Dan the huge load he had deposited. He looked at her face. Madison was literally crying from the slapping and the choking, and her mascara had streaked down her cheeks. Dan chuckled a little, wondering how the slut was going to explain this to her parents. He reached for his phone and took a picture for good measure.
"Fuck yourself, go back to your table, I don't care," said Dan. "But no swallowing until you sit down with your parents." He pulled his pants up and left without another word.
Madison really felt used. She wanted to fuck herself crazy in the bathroom stall, but she was terrified at how long she had been in the bathroom already. And it was the men's room, which was even worse! So she picked up her gown, put it on, repositioned her clothes pins, and zipped it up. Before she left the bathroom, she picked up her phone.
"Dan, I - like - if you get me this horny and my parents aren't around, you can literally use me harder. Like slap me until my face hurts for a week and everything. Really abuse me."
"You need a hard cock," was Dan's reply.
"You could have given me one, asshole! Or at least let me touch myself!"
"What's stopping you now?"
"Parents. Duh." Madison was still in the bathroom, cum in mouth, wiping makeup and tears off her face. She couldn't believe what a slut she was. In an instant, she picked the phone up again.
"But seriously. Use me. humiliate me. Threaten to show my pictures to everyone and make me literally fuck you in front of your friends. And make it rough."
"Damn. You're a slut."
"I know. I like it."
Madison walked out of the bathroom with a mouth full of cum and a plug eating away at her asshole, reminding her exactly what she was. Her heart raced as she approached the table where her parents sat. They saw her coming and saw exactly what she looked like - like she had been crying up a storm.
"Madison! Are you okay?" Her mother asked. Madison's father just looked at her, stunned. Madison did not say a word, lest the cum spill out of her mouth and remove all doubt as to the nature of the activities in which she had most recently been participating. Instead, she shook her head, trying to hide her face with her hands.
Madison sat down. She swirled Dan's cum in her mouth as she looked across the table, at her parents. Slowly, she tilted her head back, feeling the slimy goo collect at the back of her throat before swallowing it all at once. "Damn, I'm a slut!" She thought.
"I'm sorry," Madison said. "I know this is stupid, but - one of my friends went home today and her parents told her her dog has been dead for six months and they never told her! I cried my eyes out, I'm sorry, I don't know why I reacted this way!"
"Oh, that's ok, sweetie, that's awful!" Her mother replied.
"Anyway, our food is here," her dad chimed in. Madison hadn't even noticed, and for good reason - she was still trying to figure out whether her parents were at all suspicious of her.
She didn't speak much for the rest of her dinner, but mostly looked down at her plate of food and thought anxious thought about what she had done. At this point, she thought, the less she said, the better. Her parents seemed content to leave her alone, not wanting to upset her any more. Madison sensed that her parents knew she was acting irrationally, but couldn't figure out why.
"No, if they thought I was up to something this weird," Madison thought at last, "they'd keep pestering me until they got an answer, and then they would criticize me until Christmas," she decided. She looked up just as her father finished his last bite.
"Well, is there anything you'd like to do today, or just go home?" He asked.
"No, that's fine." Madison replied.
Her dad sighed. "Okay, then," he said. "Any room for dessert?"
"No."
As Madison rose to leave, she felt an overwhelming sense of shame at what she had done. Her parents had taken her out to a nice dinner to congratulate her on her achievements, and she couldn't truly be appreciative. Instead, she had snuck into the men's room to suck cock and be used like a whore. And what was worse, she liked it!
She walked out of the restaurant, her plug now more painful than exciting, and her labia swollen and sore. She had adjusted the clothespins two more times after she sat back down at the table, and she couldn't wait to take them off.
As she sat in the backseat of her parents' car, Madison couldn't help but feel like she actually deserved what she had gotten. She was the one who started it all, who wanted to be exposed, who had teased Dan - and the online stranger - into blackmailing her. She was the one who had put herself out there as a slut. And as ashamed of herself as she was, all Madison really wanted in this moment was someone to take her away, to slap her in the face, to truly make her feel like a whore.
"Madison, are you okay?" Her dad asked, breaking a long silence. "You seem like something is really eating you today."
"Yeah - no - well," Madison stammered, thinking of something to say. "It's just sort of a bittersweet day, you know? I mean, on one hand I feel happy and proud, but I - my friends are going their separate ways and people already have jobs lined up and some people still don't have a clue what they're doing."
"Yeah, I know what you mean," her father replied. "The best friends I've ever had were the ones I met in college. But then we graduated, and wound up saying goodbye. And one of us, thankfully not me, wanders aimlessly for a few years before he found his way."
"Yeah," Madison said.
"But I thought you at least had decided to come back next year?" Her dad quizzed.
"Oh, definitely. But most of my friends are going to be gone. It's going to be so different!" This comment was followed by another long silence, while Madison thought about other ways that next year could be different - maybe Dan would actually force her to show off on campus. Maybe her online blackmailer would make her a household name all over the globe. She could only hope.
"Well, we're back," Madison's mom said as the car pulled into the apartment parking lot. Without too much dialogue, Madison exited the car and walked up the stairs to the apartment and let her parents in.
"I think I'm going to change," she said quietly as her parents sat down on the couch. Her dad nodded, and Madison turned and entered her bedroom, careful to lock the door, before she began undressing.
Madison, of course, opened in her phone to make a short video as she unzipped her gown, proving that she had gone through with the task. She even commented, whispering so as not to be heard, that her pussy was red and swollen and that she really wanted to get fucked.
She stopped the video once she was completely nude and had taken off the clothes pins, and quickly sent the videos to her blackmailer, making sure to thank him and say that she was eagerly awaiting her next task. Madison briefly thought about fucking herself silly, but a couple self-inflicted slaps to the face convinced her that, for one thing, it would be inappropriate to do this when she could finally act like her normal self in front of her parents, and for another thing, she was a true slut and a true slut did not deserve to satisfy herself sexually, and that she was so horny and slutty that the only way she would be allowed to cum would be by riding a real cock.
"Okay, so - what to wear?" Madison wondered. She slapped herself again. "Nothing too plain," she whispered to herself. "Even though my parents are here, I can still be a little slutty. Just not like what I wore to class the other day."
Madison carefully selected a mid-thigh denim skirt. It wasn't her shortest, but it was by no means her longest. The bottom hem was just below her fingertips. She also selected a pastel off-shoulder knit sweater that was slightly cropped to show an inch or two of her stomach.
Madison put on a red lace thong, and then the skirt. It was tight, tighter than she remembered, but this just made her more confident in her choice. She spread her feet as she stood in her room, if for no other reason to feel the sensation of her legs being bound together by her clothing. She looked back at the top after she had put on a bra that was styled similarly to her thong.
"What I like about this is that it's not so extreme that Dad will say anything. I mean I don't look like a total whore. But he will think it. I will feel like a slut. And I will stay turned on until I go out and get me some hard cock tonight! Madison looked in the mirror as she pulled it over her head and positioned it properly on her body.
Madison's shoulders easily protruded out of the top hem, exposed to the world. Her navel was barely exposed, in between the top and skirt, and the piercing was barely exposed along with it. All of he sudden, Madison realized that maybe she looked like more of a slut than she had intended, and started having second thoughts. She also realized she still had "slut" written on her stomach, just higher up and not in an area where it was in danger of accidentally being exposed in this outfit.
"Slut," she said, slapping herself hard in the face. "You wanted it, and now you're going to wear it!" Slap, slap, slap went Madison's hand, bullying herself into compliance. "Fucking whore. You know what you get for second guessing yourself? For wanting to be a good girl? You don't get to wash this off now," she said as she pulled up her swearer to expose the writing. "In fact, you're going to go over it again!"
Madison took out a marker, black this time. She slowly traced over what she had previously written in red. Then, for good measure, she traced next to it in red marker, making the letters bolder, wider, more humiliating, and perhaps most importantly, harder to wash off.
Madison gave her face one more good slap before she pulled down her sweater, put on a pair of leather ankle boots and opened her bedroom door, ready to wear an outfit that dared to show her parents what she really was on the inside, but without any real danger of making them think too poorly of her. Instead, it just served to remind Madison what she was on the inside.
Madison actually enjoyed the rest of the time with her parents that day. She also enjoyed turning her back to them, lifting her sweater to expose the "slut" written there, smiling, and taking a selfie with her parents in the background. She sent that one to Dan. Madison also enjoyed Dan's text back instructing her to remove her panties until she was alone. She went into the bathroom, took then off, and spent the afternoon with nothing under her skirt.
Madison did really enjoy her day, though, I'm between the hidden suggestive acts she performed. She even went out for a brief shopping trip with her parents when they were all in a better mood. However, her kind was starting to wander by the evening, and she couldn't wait for her parents to return to their hotel - after all, she was sexually starved and had a big night planned.