Rehabilitation at the Beach
As I laid my nude, aging body back and exposed it to the world, the heat of the mid-day sun’s rays striking every part of it felt good.
Yeah, I was exposed to the world, but I’d found a quiet, secluded spot, which provided well deserved relaxation after a long ten days of strenuous work, where no one would wander—not that I’d wanted anyone to pass by.
As a matter of fact, it’d been so long since I’d needed (or wanted) anyone for companionship, the wanting had disappeared long ago—it was no longer required—but I didn’t mind.
I closed my eyes and drifted from days of past to that day. I wanted yesterday so bad, but was stuck with the problems of the present. Brief moments of joy enclosed me each time I had memories of past days, but those, too, were soon lost as I was pulled back to the present as if a voice was calling out to me.
It took a few seconds to realize the voice wasn’t within my mind but coming from behind me. I shook my head to clear my thoughts, opened my eyes, and looked up. I saw her standing over my shoulders as her white shirt was blazing in the sun.
Still believing my mind was lost in the past, I searched for reality, for there I was, visiting a nudist beach, and yet, someone behind me was apparently clothed. I wiped my eyes to try to clear the vision above me, and the more I rubbed, the clearer she became, but still wearing that white shirt.
It was too late to react for there I sat, or rather semi-reclined, on a beach chair and naked to the world. What I had was clearly visible even though some may not think it to be much.
I managed a weak hello.
“Um, hello.”
She motioned to the lounge chair that sat across from me.
“Is anyone sitting there?”
“No.”
I was still trying to determine why someone who was dressed would be on a nudist beach.
“May I?”
I nodded yes.
I felt her hand touch the wooden frame of my chair as she moved around me. I looked at the shirt flowing over her shoulders—it was a bit large but apparently comfortable during the heat of the day. It wasn’t until she’d gone as far as the foot of my lounge that I suspected she was wearing only the shirt and nothing else.
Unfortunately, the shirt was long enough to cover her hips, but I could see her legs emerging from beneath it. They were exquisite and well worth the price of being exposed to a younger woman. I’d only seen her face briefly when as she glanced back as she moved to her chair, not at the start when she spoke to me.
Young? Yes, but her walk and manner were classic as she dropped her beach bag at the side of the chair. As she bent over slightly, her shirt pulled upward to show more of her thighs.
She stood beside her chaise, turned as she sat down on the edge of it, kept her legs low as she raised them from the ground, and pivoted on the chaise as she laid them to rest along it. She had her knees slightly elevated, which hid my view of her legs as I could see nothing more than her calves, knees, and the white of her shirt.
She reached down, found the opening of her beach bag, pulled a paperback novel from it, and grasped it with both hands before resting them over her bosom. She couldn’t have read more than a paragraph before she slowly lifted her eyes away from her book until she was looking into my eyes.
Her voice was clearer and less informal than before.
“Hi, I’m Kathy.”
I couldn’t help but think about what she’d seen when her eyes moved past the top of the book, but it didn’t matter because she’d obviously seen more when she stood behind me.
I stammered because I was unsure whether or not a conversation would follow or only a brief politeness until she returned to her book.
“I...I’m Bruce.”
The latter was correct. I watched as she lowered her eyes to my crotch again (only slower that time), paused, and then glanced down to her novel.
A touch of disappointment overcame me as I would’ve appreciated some conversation that was more than only a “Hi.”
I watched as her eyes moved back and forth along the lines of the page. Otherwise, she laid there motionless, except for the odd itch of her ankle as she moved her other foot against it and slowly rubbed it. Each time it happened, I hoped for the movement to shift her blouse and expose more of her thighs, but it didn’t happen.
She did momentarily lift her eyes, now and then, to see if I was still there. More than thirty minutes had passed, the heat of the day was starting to reach its peak, and yet, I still felt alone. I wasn’t the only one who felt the heat!
Kathy finally rested her open book on the edge of the chaise. She wiped the brow of her forehead to remove the perspiration that’d beaded there and was threatening to break free and slip onto her face. She wiped her fingers, starting at her shoulders, onto her chest, which turned the material translucent as it clung to her breasts.
I looked up just as she was slowly (as if she had all day) beginning to unfasten the buttons of her blouse. One by one, the buttons were unfastened and exposing more of her cleavage as the sides of her blouse opened and rested against her breasts.
Finally, as she struggled with the last button, the tail of the shirt fell to her side. She grasped the loose ends, pulled them back for a moment, and then lifted them up. I waited (patiently) for the shirt to be slipped from her shoulders so I could enjoy the moment when she, too, would be naked from the waist up.
No sooner had she pulled the shirt from below her, she wrapped the ends under her breasts, pulled them tight, and tied them into a knot. For but a split second, her left breast had slipped from her cover but once again disappeared as she secured the shirt.
The wait was worth it to be able to see her firm, tanned, breast and the tiniest nipple. She’d given me the smallest, but hopeful, glimpse of her breast, which bore the proof of nude sunbathing. I was content to gaze upon the depth of the cleavage her breasts as they were suspended inside of a cloud of white cloth.
Again, she reached down, picked up the book, and gave me a quick glance.
“It’s hot!”
“It certainly is.”
I was unsure of what she thought my statement referred to—the heat of the sun, or her shirt grasping her breasts.
Kathy smiled and continued reading her book. Pages turned, one by one, again with only the occasional scratching of her ankle as she’d done before. It seemed that any movement by her caught my eye, which caused me to focus upon her.
That time, I saw her cross her ankles after she’d finished laying her legs against the cushion of the chaise. When I saw only a few sparse tuffs of fine, black, pubic hair held tightly between her thighs, it was only then that I confirmed she was wearing only the shirt.
Kathy slowly looked up, stopped half way to twist her neck as if her muscles had tightened, looked at me, and gave me another short smile.
“The sun sure is nice to relax these tired muscles.”
I followed her outline from her feet to her eyes with my eyes as she rubbed the back of her neck.
“Yes, Kathy, it surely does.”
Kathy raised her arms out to her sides and placed them behind her as she stretched her whole body tight. Even the shirt that was tied to her pulled (hard) against her breasts, which made clear outlines of her tiny nipples through the fabric. Just as she reached the extent of her stretch, the knot of her shirt came loose, causing her shirt to pull free of her breast.
“Darn, I always have problems with that knot. What’s the use of trying?”
She pulled the loose ends of the shirt to the side to expose all of her round breasts. The nipples perched upon them were tiny, firm buds and deep in color. After the shirt was freed from her body, she twisted slightly to place it upon the back of the chaise, which profiled her breasts, which were held high on her chest.
She reached into her bag, pulled out a bottle of suntan lotion, removed the cap, and placed it on her thigh. Kathy placed a dab of lotion in one hand and spread it over her shoulders and upper body. Her skin was shining as the sunlight reflected off of her moist body.
As another drop of lotion dribbled onto her palm, I watched as she placed her hand on, and moved it across and around, her breasts. As I watched her slightly distort her breasts as she rubbed the cream thoroughly into her flesh, the top to the bottle was slipping from the top of her thigh to between her thighs.
She leaned forward as she moved her long fingers between her thighs, captured the bottle top, and closed her thighs again, but not without briefly exposing the outline of her pussy.
She saw me looking as I was unoccupied by other things.
“Bruce, can you do my back, please?”
I placed my feet flat on the ground, stood, and moved next to Kathy.
She handed me the bottle, turned over on the chaise, moved to the opposite edge to make room for me, locked her ankles again, and turned her head toward my direction.
My soft cock was hanging between my thighs as I sat down next to her with my left thigh resting along the edge of the chaise. The other was opened to provide balance to my perched stance.
I raised the bottle above her and allowed several drops to fall onto her shoulder blades before I began spreading it about her upper back with my palms and massaging the oil into her skin with my fingers. I placed another drop on her lower back and spread it to just above her butt cheeks. I noticed their round shape and the crease between them that dipped between her tightly held thighs.
“There, I’m done.”
“Feels good and better than I could do. Do all of my back, if you would?”
I couldn’t resist. She followed my movements as I placed two drops on her cheeks, lightly rubbed the oil about—I felt very little give to her tight cheeks—and moved myself further down the chaise to allow my hands to perform their task.
I placed two, long streams of oil along her thighs. The warmth of her body and the sunlight was loosening the bond of the oil, which caused it to spread over her thighs and drip between them. Kathy unlocked her ankles but laid each foot next to the other.
Her thighs became less rigid and were barely separated from each other. I continued the application of the oil and vigorously rubbed it into her flesh. It was only when I applied the oil to her upper thighs that I took my time and was careful not to touch where I shouldn’t.
She relaxed some more and allowed me to move my fingers deeper, see her looser cheeks, and see the more visible crease. As I placed the top back onto the bottle, I noticed her eyes were half open as she was still watching me.
After standing, I handed Kathy the bottle as she turned over and moved into the sitting position with her feet supporting her. At the same time, her fine pubic hairs barely concealed her pussy as she separated her thighs again. Her unblemished lips came together as her slit made its way downward.
I felt a twinge inside of me, but I wanted it to be more than a faint feeling. I took my chair and sat as I had before—after all, I wasn’t showing any outward emotion of being that close to someone so desirable. After Kathy re-opened the bottle, she poured a stream of oil onto her thighs and down to her knees.
The oil shone in the hot sunlight as she slowly massaged it against her flesh. When she pressed her fingers between her thighs, she moved the skin against her hand. I took a moment to wonder how steady my hands would’ve been had she asked me to continue with the application of the oil.
Bit by bit, she opened her thighs and raised one up as the other lay open and flat against the chair. I couldn’t help but see the tiny, delicate hairs adorning her pussy as they shone strongly from the oils she’d applied. It’d become easier to see the fullness of her lips where they came together to hide what was held between them.
What she was doing wasn’t obscene or vulgar. It was simply an innocent activity that, as her hand moved back and forth, allowed me a momentary view of her.
Each time, I was able to anticipate when her hand would be low enough on her knee to allow me another glance of her.
Each time, I waited for it and more tingles seemed to build deeper inside of me.
I noticed I was slowly reacting to the feeling of myself growing larger as the start of an erection began. It didn’t amount to much, but considering the period before, it felt wonderful! Kathy looked up, saw my pathetic attempt at becoming erect, and lowered her eyes back to her task.
My cock was hanging low between my thighs without form or shape. My moment of ecstasy had passed much too quickly as it’d lasted less than a minute.
As Kathy continued her task until her body shone from head to toe, she’d occasionally look at me for a moment and then turn back. She returned the bottle to her beach bag, wiped her hands free of the oil on a small towel, then picked up the book to continue her leisurely relaxation in the sun.
She couldn’t have read more than a page when, once again, she placed her hand inside of the bag and found her disk player. She turned it on, placed the headset over her ears, and continued with her reading. I couldn’t tell what she was listening to, but since she continued to flicker her eyes across the pages of the book, it appeared to be the type of music one uses for background enjoyment.
As she turned each page, Kathy became more and more relaxed. She’d slouched lower on the chaise until she was lying flat on her back, feet tucked closer to her hips, and knees raised above it.
First, her toes began to move to the rhythm of the music, then one foot tapped out the beat, and then the other. Soon, her feet were stepping from side to side as if her soul were out on a dance floor. I wasn’t sure whether or not she realized the effect the music had on her, and I wasn’t about to tell her either.
As each foot moved to the music, her knees and thighs opened wider until I was able to look along her thighs and clearly see her pussy without any obstruction from her hands. I couldn’t move my eyes from her, nor did I want to, for she was that captivating!
Every part of her seemed to tingle. Her pink, delicate folds of flesh held my gaze as they’d partially opened and exposed the hood draped over her clitoris. I was barely able to make out the start of the opening to her pussy—I would’ve seen more, had it not been for the sagging of the cloth chaise.
Each movement of her body tantalized me more and more as I ached to see more of her, but I was content with what she’d inadvertently shown me. It hadn’t been wasted either. I felt that ache returning, stronger than ever before, as my cock stood up from between my thighs.
It was long and slender, but as rigid as if I’d been re-incarnated as a juvenile. I couldn’t believe my reaction—the site and physical being of my erection had almost been removed from my memory. I could only take pleasure in having noticed it for, no sooner had it become erect, it’d once again lost all of its magical powers.
I was glad, if not mildly embarrassed, Kathy had looked up to see my erection for a moment before she returned her eyes to her book. I saw nothing wrong with that. It was, after all, a natural reaction to seeing something wonderful.
Unfortunately, Kathy’s eyes lost some of their glimmer as she looked back again, only to see me in my normal pose. She continued to read and occasionally looked up at me to see how I was doing, but if anything, she was confirming the roller coaster rides my erection seemed to be taking.
It seemed to be only seconds since the last time my cock had stood straight and hard before Kathy laid her book beside her. It must’ve been longer, though, as my shaft, weighted by the constant erections, hung heavy between my thighs.
She raised her back rest upright, eased herself to the end of her chaise, and sat on the edge. Her feet were planted firmly into the hot sand, elbows were on open knees, and a clenched fist was resting against her chin as she stared at me.
Any other time, I was sure I would’ve become erect—who wouldn’t—if I’d seen her so close to me that I could reach out and touch her.
The silky flesh between her pussy lips would’ve driven anyone mad and that’s not considering the clitoris that remained hidden by the mystique hood. I only took a quick glance at her, refraining from staring, for I knew there’d be no reaction.
Her eyes, acknowledging my limpness, briefly had a suppressing emotion upon me. It’d be impolite to look when her face bore some concerns. Kathy sat there and waited for the moment, but the moment didn’t come.
She blurted out.
“Do you not find me attractive and sensual?”
I thought for a moment.
“Yes, I do!”
Her eyes and expression looked sincere. I owed her an explanation, but I found it difficult to find the words to follow.
“I’m sorry, Kathy. Believe me, it’s not you by any means. As you may have noticed during this last hour, I’ve had many erections, all as a result of seeing you, but there’s another problem.”
Her face drained of any sadness she may have been experiencing as concern seemed to remain. I explained the symptoms I was going through with erectile deficiencies, something that struck men of my age with increasing numbers.
She looked puzzled, almost as if I was talking about someone else.
“But how could it be that, you definitely don’t have any problem getting an erection?”
She was right, I didn’t have any problem becoming erect—maybe not as fast as my younger days and definitely slower than had I come upon her years before—but it did stand for me, often on its own volition with no encouragement from me.
“Kathy, the problem isn’t getting it up, the problem is keeping it up.”
That seemed to confuse her more as she shook her head in disbelief. As she leaned back on her hands, her breasts pushed forward from her body. It was also the first time the tender flesh of her pussy had come into full view. How beautiful Mother Nature had created her, unique from all of the others I’d seen. I had no regrets or uncomfortable feelings of looking at her.
I’d accepted my condition a long time ago and was tightly holding on to those brief moments of the past when I did respond (for but an instant) with an erection.
Her eyes were in a trance, fixed upon my crotch as my cock slowly swelled and pushed itself outward and then, as in an athletic feat, began to rise upward until it stood suspended between my thighs.
Her face showed no emotion, except for maybe a slight glimmer in her eyes, as she continued to stare at me and encourage me.
“Bruce, you’ve got to believe it could only be a slight medical problem that’ll soon disappear as so many other ailments do.”
I dared not to speak so nodded my head instead.
Not that I found the conversation trivial, but they were words that I, too, had spoken long ago and had since dismissed. My thoughts weren’t on the conversation but on Kathy. I even took that moment, during a serious discussion, to bathe my eyes in her beauty and the innocence of her exposure.
I felt myself throbbing, and I was uncomfortable as I didn’t know what I’d do next. It’d been so long since that feeling was felt, it seemed to be new to me.
As she sat up, she had a look of confidence beaming from her eyes as she pointed to my erection with her right hand.
“See! I’ve proved it! You only needed a little encouragement and imagination to get yourself over the hurdle and become as you once were!”
Kathy raised her left foot onto the edge of the chaise and grasped it with her left arm as her chin rested upon her kneecap. She was so happy and cheerful to have found a challenge and resolve it. She was so excited.
Her face was alive as my angel of mercy sat across from me and continued to gaze upon her creation. I couldn’t make contact with her eyes because I wanted her to enjoy the moment without any distraction from me. I was content to lower my eyes and take more of her beauty into my thoughts.
She’d lessened her exposure to me by slightly twisting her body, which allowed me to take in more of her overall beauty and grace—the lines of her body flowed flawlessly!
She slowly began to rock her body on her seat, as if impatient with the quietness that’d come over us, and then I lifted my eyes back up to hers. It was a mistake to take my eyes from her body, but as before, it was inevitable for I would’ve soon lost my erection anyway.
She closed her eyes and shook her head in disbelief, disappointment maybe, but even her body lost all of its strength. She would’ve fallen back onto the chaise had she not been holding onto her raised knee.
Disappointment to see me once again go limp? Yes, but her shaking head spoke more, almost disbelief that I’d allow it to go limp...especially considering the circumstances! Her arm slipped from her knee, allowing her body to lower onto the chaise. Her leg dropped over the edge of the chaise, and she caught the chaise with her calf to break the impact of her body coming to rest on the bed of the chaise.
She lifted her hands to her head, and her jet-black hair became entwined on the top of her head as she combed it with her fingers. Kathy’s body stiffened as she fought off the tension, by stretching her body taught, that seemed to have built inside of her.
Soon, her body relaxed as her hands remained clasped to her head as her arms lowered against the cushion. I thought the quietness surrounding us was deafening. Instead of the silence, I wished she’d called me gay, impotent, over-the-hill, or anything else to attach a label to me—not that there was a possibility she was questioning my manhood.
I looked at Kathy again, and realized I was seeing her in a different light. Not because her thighs were closed and hiding all but an outline of her pussy but everything about her.
The slimness, shapeliness, and firmness of her legs rose to her hips and flowed into her waistline and smooth stomach. Even the rise of her pelvic bone seemed to have a purpose, if not only a place for the delicate pubic hairs that dotted it.
Her outstretched arms pulled her body tight. Her breasts, each one an independent sculpture dotted with deep-red, hard nipples to be admired, rose from her chest. I admired her body as I saw her beauty throughout, not just sexually.
It gave me a good feeling to see her (all of her)—the sight of her gave me a warm and tingly feeling inside of me. It wasn’t to raise my erection, for that was only temporary, but instead, the sight of her deserved to be preserved much longer.
Kathy’s breasts remained firm against her chest as she raised herself onto her arms, and I noticed her face was sullen.
“I tried! I really did!”
It was my turn to have a puzzled face because I didn’t understand what she’d meant.
“Bruce, from the moment I sat down, I’ve been flirting with you by letting you see my body, bit by bit. I’m enjoying seeing your reaction, and I’ve been trying harder each time to keep you erect.”
I was pleasantly surprised by her statement. I actually felt good that someone so young had taken an interest in me.
I had no idea she was flirting with me. Her movements seemed to be natural and innocent. I thought she had an open attitude and didn’t object to seeing me become aroused again and again.
She sat up and moved to the edge of the chaise again. I chuckled because her thighs were open and exposing the full beauty of her pussy to me again. After she noticed my chuckle, she realized she was flirting again and closed her thighs (tight).
“Kathy, it’s okay to be natural. Really...it is!”
A smile came across her lips and I took that moment to start our friendship again. I was happy to see her re-take her open thighs pose because she had beauty, and beauty shouldn’t be withheld.
“Bruce, I find it hard to understand.”
I understood what she meant because I had to accept my condition as a matter of aging with no expectations of things to get better...until that day. However, in order to really understand the causes, I too, knew very little.
I pulled myself up from the chaise and shifted on the spot where I sat until I, too, sat on the edge of it. Our knees were less than a meter away.
“Kathy, I can to explain. I think we’d both have a better understanding of the problem by talking about it.”
“An erection is caused when the body forces blood into the muscle of the shaft but with my condition, that triggering process is not activated or, if it is triggered, the body cannot maintain the pressure.”
Kathy looked, closer than she ever had, at the shaft of my circumcised penis (especially the tip) as it hung between my thighs.
“But the vein I see has an ample amount of blood flow to it.”
I looked down at myself and saw the dark-blue vein running the length of my shaft. I slipped my hand under it, raised it as it lay in my palm, and turned it slightly in order to examine all of veins. In fact, each one had become enlarged, almost ballooning from the blood flow.
I noticed the vein became thicker as I rubbed my finger along it.
“As you can see, the vein is on the surface and actually quite shallow.”
Kathy had her eyes fixed upon my shaft and an (almost) unbelieving expression across her face.
“Give me your hand, Kathy.”
She slowly moved her hand to mine and then I guided it down until the tip of her middle finger touched a vein. I felt her press her finger down against it as she slid her finger along the vein, which increased its thickness as the finger advanced.
“I see what you mean. It is a shallow vein, but are they all like that?”
By then, I’d released her hand. She examined my shaft closer by holding and turning it as I’d done before. She used one hand to cradle my shaft in her palm, and the fingers from her other hand to gently move it, as if trying to notice if there were any apparent injuries that’d occurred.
One would’ve thought we were in a biology class and closely examining a frog before we dissected it. The movement of her hands and the expression on her face gave the impression that she was clinically examining me, void of any sexual activities.
I, too, was surprised to have someone, who I’d found so desirable, touching me without any external signs of arousal. As I raised my eyes from her hands, I noticed Kathy was still examining me. Since she was closer to me, I was content to once again gaze upon her body.
Her body was more exquisite than I could’ve imagined. I continued gazing at her body while imagining her erect nipples were the result of the odd, cool breeze coming off of the water.
She rested her hips and thighs on the edge of the chaise and her feet were apart as if balancing her forward leaning body. Her thighs were open, but I was barely able to make out the patch of pubic hair that was partially blocked from my view.
Her body remained motionless except for the occasional movement of her fingers adjusting my shaft. For a brief (almost unnoticeable) moment, she slightly moved her hips as if adjusting her posture. It was a movement that I was sure Kathy wasn’t aware of doing.
I wondered, ‘Could’ve it been more than just posturing? Could’ve she been responding to the situation of touching me—an act that was definitely outside of normal sun bathing?’ I felt my shaft twinge with excitement and a sharp rush was sent through my body as the idea was burned into my thoughts.
Fortunately, that occurred as she released me, so maybe she hadn’t noticed or...maybe she had but didn’t want to embarrass me any further. The thought of me causing a reaction in her excited me. Maybe two could play the game of flirtation! It was something I definitely had to pursue.
We talked more and discussed how long I’d had my infliction and how it’d first started. She roamed my body as we talked and took longer and longer stares at my cock as I explained the dilemma of the last two years.
“That’s such a long time to have the infliction. Does that mean you haven’t had an orgasm during that time period?”
“No, I’m still able to relieve my inner tension but without an erection, intercourse is impossible.”
“How do you manage?”
I held my head low with embarrassment.
“There are other ways. There’s always masturbation.”
“But that, too, requires some level of rigidity, does it not?”
Our questions and answers flowed quickly and freely. She was concerned and wanting to be enlightened, but I noticed (more and more) the subtle movement of her hips as I had before.
“I can normally attain enough of an erection to allow an orgasm.”
“Only through touch?”
It seemed she doubted my word again. I wanted to prove to her that I wasn’t someone who’d been stripped of all sexual feeling. I grasped my shaft and lightly stroked it to, hopefully, make it erect.
Kathy’s eyes were wide open as she leaned forward to closely watch me caress my shaft. Maybe it was the first time she’d ever seen a guy masturbate? Her eyes took in all of the movement of my hand, yet her face remained without any visible sign of emotions.
I continued pulling it tighter and making it longer as if I’d forgotten what an erection should look like. Bit by bit, my shaft thickened, became longer, and became more comfortable for my hand to firmly grasp and stroke it more vigorously.
I noticed my progress seemed to please her because she’d already moved further onto the edge of her chaise. Her pussy became fully exposed as she slowly opened her thighs further. I continued the slow strokes until the tip became enlarged, which added to the sensation of my hand passing over it.
I’d reached the point I’d wanted to reach. Although maintaining the same rhythm with my hand, my eyes didn’t wander as they had before—I only watched the expression of Kathy’s eyes.
It didn’t take long to lose what erection I’d attained, and I was holding my soft and supple shaft again. Disappointment and despair sunk into Kathy’s eyes—I’d failed to achieve the erection she’d desperately wanted me to have.
“Kathy, I tried. I guess it just isn’t working for me.”
She slightly turned her head to think.
“Maybe you’ve become too accustomed to the touch of your own hand?”
The window of opportunity had opened and I wasn’t about to let it close!
“But it’s very difficult, if not impossible, to find someone else who’d be willing to help me get an erection on the spur of the moment.”
Almost contempt for me crossed her face. There she was, the two of us naked, and she’d already closely and thoroughly examined my cock, yet, I slighted her by not asking for her assistance. I dared not to breathe as I waited for her reaction.
“What’s wrong with me?”
It was the response I’d been waiting for! I wanted to remain casual before I responded, so I took a deep breath to maintain the pretense that she’d be doing me a favor as a neutral observer, not as an active participant. But I knew, deep down, she wanted to do it...and not just to assist me!
I chose my words carefully so as not to give any indication of my excitement.
“Would you? To see how hard another’s touch could make me? I know it’s a lot to ask, but I’d be so grateful to see how much of my sensuality still remains buried deep inside of me.”
“Yes, I can do that.”
My heart skipped a beat. Again, I’d feel her hand on my shaft!
I moved to the edge of the chaise, rested on my side with my lower leg straight and flat, my upper leg bent and raised to enable full access by Kathy, and to place her nearer to me. She took my hint and also sat on the edge with one foot placed on the floor—the other leg was bent and tucked beneath her.
I waited for her to touch me and when she did, she slowly and nervously moved her hand across my body, unsure of what or how to do it. As she wrapped her hand around my shaft, I felt her firmly grip and squeeze it. She’d grasped it too hard and was unable to stroke it as I’d done earlier.
She responded quickly by loosening her grasp, content to let her finger move along it and cup my balls. I was starting to feel the first tinge as the touch of her hand warmed me, and blood raced to my shaft as she massaged them.
I closed my eyes again because I didn’t want to be aroused too quickly. I let her take her time because I knew her enjoyment would soon match that of mine. By then, Kathy had felt my shaft thicken and stretch as it grew in size. She was able to feel it harden more and more, as she had before, with each touch as she stroked the enlarged shaft.
I was almost there...she’d done her job well! As I opened my eyes, I cast them not upon her hand but upon her body. I was pleased with her response as it was as I’d hoped it would be. She allowed me to peer down at her pussy. I saw how she’d become open, and her juices were already beginning to trickle from her pussy.
Physically, she was ready. I only had to test the last challenge of her mind and hope it’d work.
As I looked at Kathy, I saw her eyes glued to her task and a smile upon her lips, which showed satisfaction in what she’d accomplished. I’d become hard to her touch as her fingers were barely able to wrap around it. She laid it down on my groin.
“There! All it needed was a woman’s touch. That should make you hard enough for penetration.”
I thought, ‘Would it? Maybe, but there’s one more challenge that has to be overcome.’ I slid my hand along my body until I grasped the erect shaft Kathy had taken the time to create, held it upright, and steadied it with only my finger touching the tip of my cock.
I waited until Kathy looked at my cock again as she wondered what I was about to do. It was only then that I gently pushed down on the tip. Her work of making me hard was shattered as the shaft bent under the slightest pressure—it wasn’t rigid enough for penetration.
I thought I saw a tear come to her eye. Never had I seen her that disappointed. Nor could’ve I been if I’d guessed wrong. Her pussy was so wet, yet I’d shown myself incapable of penetration. I wondered, ‘Have I gone too far?’
As she sat there, speechless, with her head lowered in disappointment, I thought, ‘I have gone too far.’ As I waited, I had my eyes fixed upon her wet and open pussy.
Kathy broke the silence.
“Maybe, just maybe, I want to try one more thing.”
My heart soared, ‘Have I achieved the last hurdle with her?’ Kathy lowered her hand to my crotch, slipped it under the shaft, and gripped it as she had before. My state hadn’t changed since she’d released it.
She turned her hand to hold my shaft near the tip and, as she wrapped her fingers around it (harder), pressed down on it as if trying to push it back into my groin. The small amount, less than seven centimeters to my tip, above her fingers became rigid, forcing the tip to grow and turn a deeper-red, almost purple, in color.
I felt her hand stretching the skin tight and lost all feeling in it as if her hand had cut off all sensation. Her other finger touched the tip and pressed on it (hard). It didn’t move—it’d become as hard as steel.
As she continued her grasp, she put almost all of her weight upon the hand gripping me as she raised her body from the chaise and leaned over me. Suddenly, I understood what she was doing when I saw her inner leg rise and cross over mine until her knee pressed against my thigh.
A quick shift of her body brought her other knee to my other thigh as she straddled me. Even in her awkward stance, her beauty radiated. Why wouldn’t it? Her crotch lips were split and her hairs had been dampened by a prolonged seeping of her juices as they waited for that moment. Even the tiny hood that was hiding her clit sparkled with excitement.
Yes, she’d gotten my tip rigid and ready to penetrate her pussy, but that’d be all as the rest of my cock would be left outside. At that point, I would’ve taken any contact. I wanted my manhood to touch her there.
She kept the shaft rigid as she eased her thighs into position and slowly lowered herself. By then, the pain of her grasp had intensified, or was it the expectation of finally penetrating her that gripped my crotch so tightly? Next, she pressed her pussy against the tip as her pearls of wetness transferred onto it to ensure nothing would hinder the next step.
As she eased her thighs outward to lower herself closer, I was able to see her opening as it nibbled at my tip, bit by bit, to take it inside of her. How I wished I could’ve felt her, but no feeling could be felt. I felt only her weight passing through her hand and onto my groin, but soon, all that stood above her hand was inside of her pussy. My mind raced, ‘Was she hot and tight?’
She wasn’t going to rob her dampened pussy of the feeling from the triumph of penetration. With one swift movement of her hand, she pulled it free from between us and forced her body down onto me.
I’d heard of acts of sexual torture and the pain it inflicted, but at that point, the pain I felt must’ve surpassed any of those. Total feeling flooded back into the tip, combined with the extreme pain that ripped thru my body, which was caused by the weight of her body pressing against my shaft that laid bent beneath her.
I stiffened to control the pain, but I didn’t want to move lest I’d pull myself free from her pussy. Soon, the pain ebbed and was replaced by the touch of her pussy. Yes, she was hot and tight as her pussy held and cradled less than half of my cock inside of her. Some would say something is better than nothing, but I wanted more as I’m sure Kathy did, too.
Kathy leaned forward, slightly, to adjust herself in order to ease the bend of my shaft. As she sat there without speaking or moving, only the rippling of muscles across her stomach gave any indication she was real.
I felt her pussy nibbling on me, nipping bit by bit, as if pulling me deeper inside of her. Soon, the kink of my shaft disappeared, which allowed it to lie in a straight line with her opening. Tender ripples along her pussy walls massaged and caressed my shaft as if beckoning me to enter farther into her.
I started to feel my tip slipping deeper inside of her and pressing harder against her walls. She’d done the impossible—she’d hardened my shaft totally! I was no longer subject to its frailty. Her pussy loosely held me as her body relaxed.
She allowed the rest of my shaft to slip inside of her as she pushed herself back from my shoulders. Without speaking, she raised her back upright and pressed down onto my cock until our groins clung to each other. Only the faintest smile appeared on her lips as she slowly opened her eyes. She’d done the impossible, and she knew it, but a thank you from me wasn’t required—having me inside of her was enough reward.
Kathy closed her eyes, placed her hands behind her head, interlocked her fingers, and pointed her elbows to the side as she arched her back. Her breasts pushed forward in a defiant salute as her pussy was centered upon my shaft. I, too, closed my eyes and allowed my emotions to run wild while the feel of her pussy teased my thoughts.
I felt her touch rising along my shaft again and again as her pussy gripped my shaft. I wanted to push up to force my tip deeper into her to allow her to feel me, but I didn’t dare spoil the moment as the action was unnecessary. I felt my shaft continue to grow and press harder against her walls as my tip pressed hard against her depths.
I felt her random touches, gripping, and sliding all along my shaft. My thoughts were of Kathy moving upon me—rising then descending—and taking me deeper and deeper inside of her. The feeling became more intense and her actions quickened as she took my cock with long, hard strokes and rode my shaft with deliberate force that satisfied both of us.
As I opened my eyes, I expected to see Kathy pounding my cock (hard), and to see her body moving with a rhythm of sexual fervor, but my emotions had deceived me. Kathy had remained nearly motionless as her pussy lips moved (ever so slightly) along the root of my cock, which was nestled between them.
I lifted my eyes to gaze upon the goddess who held me so intimately. Her nipples were deep-red and elongated as if they were ripe and ready to pop. Her head was moving in a circle against her clasped hands. Kathy also seemed to be off in a distant, erotic land thousands of miles away.
As she was perched above me and spreading her thighs (wide), I couldn’t help but wonder, ‘My cock wants to please her. Is she feeling it fill her with long, hard, strong strokes?’
I pushed up, to allow my tip to press against the back of her vagina, and held it there so she could feel my length deep inside of her. I was delighted to feel the response of her crotch grinding against mine as it acknowledged my presence.
I kept my tip pressed to her and eased myself down, while painting her depth with a seeping of pre-cum as I felt her weight pressing (hard) against me.
As I closed my eyes, my heart started to beat rapidly as her touch entered deep into my spirit. I wanted the moment to never end. A frantic thought crossed my conscious mind, ‘I want to have an orgasm deep inside of her, but that’ll cause me to go limp. To prolong it too long may also result in the loss of my erection.’
To go limp was inevitable, but to cum just prior to that was going to be the challenge!
Kathy continued to grind her crotch against mine. I felt my shaft twist against the grip of her pussy and rub the back of her vagina, which made my tip sensitive to her gentle touch. Her grip was still as strong as when she’d begun.
I ached! My cock felt as if it would explode from its size. It needed to spurt all that’d been held for so long inside of me. I wouldn’t have traded that ache for anything, nor did I want to share it with anyone other than Kathy.
She ground harder against me as her wetness flowed relentlessly along my shaft, and she heated my cock with the glow inside of her. I wanted to pump her hard, to force my cock along her love canal again and again, and to bring her orgasm upon me. But it wasn’t about me, it was about us, so I waited.
Her movements were driving me insane! A simple movement of her arching her back pressed my cock against the side of her pussy, rubbing her tenderly at each spot within her, and her grips became stronger, longer, and pulled hard on me.
As I felt my depths stirring and tightening, I couldn’t wait any longer. I pushed up against her (hard), holding her suspended above me as my tip squashed into her depth. It sent her pussy quivering, and tingles raced along the length of my shaft, causing my body to shake.
There was a long burning sensation as I felt my first cum racing along my shaft. It hesitated then spurted into her depth. The force of me splashing within her put Kathy over the brink, too. I felt her pussy frantically vibrating as it milked my shaft with such force that it drew more and more of my pent up passion from within me.
Our bodies shook. Her hips were rocking (hard) against me. The silence was broken only by our moans. Again and again, she took me as she pulled and stretched my shaft while trying to take the last I had to offer her.
I opened my eyes and saw Kathy leaning closer to me. As I felt her warm breaths being taken with slow, long gasps, a warm sensation spread through my body. Soon, Kathy had a smile on her lips as she opened her sparkling eyes. The tiny trickle of our juices seeping from her pussy reminded us of our moment that’d just passed.
When Kathy slowly sat upright until her back was straight, she saw my limp shaft emerging from her pussy. Only the tip remained held by her pussy because she was holding it tight and pulling on it. For a brief moment, her pussy once again nibbled on it, which eased the tip into her before it slipped out.
As the tip of my cock emerged to join us, a thread of our juices stretched thinner and thinner until it finally broke as the weight of my cock pulled on it as my shaft fell to my groin.
Kathy placed one foot on the sand and stood as she balanced her stance with the other foot still resting near my thigh. She stood there, triumphant and victorious. Her pubic hair was matted to her skin, her pussy was open and inviting, and there was a drop of our juices clinging to her delicate skin. Yes, she deserved to be triumphant.
Again with a soft voice, she repeated her words.
“All it takes is a woman’s touch.”
I acknowledged her statement with a simple nod of my head as I sat upright and wrapped my hands around her butt cheeks. I pulled her to me, placed my lips against her pussy, and held them there only long enough to lick her slit, raise the hood from her clit, and lightly press against her tiny pearl.
I released her then looked up to her.
“And one should always finish with expectations of greater things to come.”
Kathy moved from the chaise, returned to her chair, and sat as she had before. We talked about what had happened that day, the power of flirting, and how it had a profound effect on the two of us. We agreed to continue our discussion and stay in touch through emails, to test the boundaries of flirting, and to allow one another those brief moments where the act and the mind join as one.
She reached to one side and pulled a notepad and pen from her beach bag to write down our email addresses. As she sought those items, I couldn’t help but take one last, innocent look at her pussy. For a moment, I thought her pussy winked at me as I looked at her body stretched open like that.
After our exchange of addresses were done, Kathy had to leave.
“Bruce, I apologize for having to leave so quickly, but my time on the beach is over, so I do have to leave.”
As she stood up, she beckoned me to remain seated, and offered me her outstretched hand. With everything we’d seen, felt, and done that afternoon, she offered me her friendship, which I readily accepted by placing my hand into hers.
Kathy reached for her bag that’d been placed on the sand then turned to leave. Even during her goodbye, there was time for one last gesture of innocent exhibitionism. Her hips and thighs framed the delicate form of her pussy’s tiny folds of flesh as they held our wetness close to her body and glistened in the setting sun.
She’d only taken a few steps before she stopped, gave a quick look back at me, dipped her eyes down to my crotch, and then flashed me a smile as she turned and slowly walked along the shoreline.
I looked down and saw my shaft as I’d seen it so often (limp and immobile), but things had changed as it was lying upon a bed dotted with our juices and matted, pubic hairs.
****************
Dedicated to Kathy, a beautiful woman who has brought out my best thoughts.