As I continued to talk as I tried to ascertain how far she was willing to go and set limits and safe words.
She replied firmly "I will be a sexual slave for you for as long as both of us are comfortable with each other. Just one thing that I do not want any permanent damage or mark on me. I am willing to get a piercing wherever you want or wear anything as a sign on me being owned by you."
I was flabbergasted by her openness and said "From now on you will refer to me as Sir and yourself as a slave. I will give you a bracelet when we meet but I will get a piercing done on you to establish that you belong to me."
I then asked her where she is staying. She told me that they stay in an independent house where the ground floor is where the parents stay and they are not here at present.
I asked her to get up from the cane chair and stand on the edge of the balcony so that her legs are exposed to the open air.
I then asked her "How does the warm air feel on your pussy?"
She replied "It feels wonderful master. I wonder why I had not done this before. I love being naked for you master."
I then told her to kneel down. She stared at me and said "But I might be seen, my boobs are exposed!"
I replied "You are a slave, do not question your master. Anyway nobody works in the field in the afternoon and your body belongs to me. Your boobs and pussy, everything is mine."
She silently kneeled on the floor and it was a beautiful sight. Her tits were exposed and her nipples were standing proud.
I asked her to turn the camera on to the other side. I saw huge empty field and I smiled.
I then told her to arrange the phone in such a manner that her hands could be free. She asked for my permission to get up and went inside carrying a mobile phone stand.
I then told her to bring a tray of ice and if she had a flat wooden spoon. She looked into my eyes and I saw her eyes sparkle and she said "yes" and ran inside to pick them up.
She came back out kneeled and kept a couple of trays of ice and the flat wooden spoon next to her.
I then said "Take two cubes of ice and start rubbing them on your nipples."
She quietly obeyed and took the square cubes and rubbed them on her nipples.
I could sense her discomfort after a minute or so when she tried to look at her nipples and tried to keep the cubes away from them.
I immediately said "take out 2 more fresh cubes and put the old ones back in the tray. Now take these cubes and hold them pressed on your nipple with a single finger. Mind you slave the ice cube should not fall."
She whimpered as the nipples were now completely numb and she looked at me pleadingly. I ignored her and said "If you do not want to be a slave, you can leave. It's your choice!"
She looked at me resolutely and pressed the cubes harder on her nipples pushing them into her breasts tissue and moaned.
I asked her "Are you aroused slave?"
She replied "Yes sir. I am aroused. My nipples have no sensation now. They are cold."
I then told her to take back support and show me her pussy. She smiled and leaned back careful to keep the ice cubes on her nipples. Taking the back support then, she slowly opened her legs.
"Oh how I loved that warm pussy and how wonderful it felt licking her" I thought to myself.
I then told her "Spread your pussy lips apart. Leave those ice cubes, they are almost melted."
She spread her pussy lips using both her hands and then looked at me and said "Is it okay master?"
My eyes were confused looking at the beautiful pink puffy pussy which was moist and her nipples which now were longer than I remembered and revealed a light pinkish centre, something I had not seen before.
I then asked her "How many times and how does your husband fuck you?"
She looked down and said "It happens the maximum of once or twice a month. That too in darkness. He is over before I even get started and he sleeps off immediately after."
I actually felt sympathy for her and said "I'm sad to know that your sexual desires are not fulfilled. But I will make sure you get what you want."
This whole time she sat with her pussy lips spread in the balcony and she whispered "There is a guy on the mud road driving a motorcycle."
"Is he looking at you?" I asked.
She replied "no, but I am turned on just thinking what if he saw me sitting spread legged with my pussy lips spread apart. I love it master. I love the freedom."
I then told her to pick the melting ice cubes and start pushing them inside her pussy. She stared at me for a second and I immediately pounced on the moment and said "You are doubting your master! You will be punished! Start pushing those ice cubes in or you will get an even more severe punishment."
She quickly started pushing one ice cube after another inside her pussy. The ice cubes were melting from the pussy heat and she was now almost panting as she pushed cube after cube in.
I could now tell that she could no longer push any more cubes in. The last cube was almost hanging out.
I then asked her to go back in. Once she was inside, I asked her "what time is your husband expected?"
She replied "today he is going to be late."
I then asked her to open her front door which leads to the staircase and walk down until the last stair. My command was met with a smile.
She said "I have always dreamed of being naked outside but never had the courage to pull it off."
She slowly made her way down the stairs and with each step I could see her boobs jiggle excitingly. Damn she is so hot I thought to myself.
I asked her to stop in the middle and said "Your boobs are bouncing a lot, it is distracting me. Take the nipples and put them in your mouth."
She held the phone in her right hand and put the nipple in the mouth. A moan escaped her lips and I commanded "both the nipples."
She groaned and then put both the nipples in her own mouth. It was a beautiful sight. Her head bent forward and nipples in her mouth looking at me for approval.
I smiled and said "well done slave, now continue walking."
She had now reached the last step in front of which was another door.
I asked her to sit on the stairs. She let go of her nipples as she sat on the cold floor. She said "the stairs are cold master."
I laughed and said "let your ass warm it up for you also I did not ask you to release your nipples. This is not acceptable. You will be disciplined."
She looked down with her head bent and started to put her nipples back in her mouth with the phone resting in her lap.
I told her "now you will not only put your nipples in your mouth, you will bite them and you will bite them hard. Can you do that? And I want to see."
She nodded and put her left nipple to her mouth and sucked on it. She released it and repeated the same process with the other nipple.
Her both nipples were now wet with saliva, pointed and long. She took the left nipple in her mouth showed me her teeth and bit on it. "Harder" I coerced and she complied.
She bit her nipples one by one till almost tears started to well up in her eyes. I congratulated her on completing the task.
I then asked her how frequently does she masturbate and she replied "at least once a day."
I told her from now on she has to masturbate at least 5 times a day. She blushed and replied "yes sir."
I then asked her to spread her legs and masturbate here on the stairs. She said "Wow, you're kinky!"
She opened up her legs to reveal an already moist pussy and started to rub herself. She loved clitoral orgasms I knew.
I watched in amazement as the spread her long tan legs, holding the phone in one hand for me to get a view and started to rub her pussy furiously.
She said "Oh Vikram, how I want to ride you right now! Aaah, yeah.. Just fuck me like you used to, use me as your slut. I am such a dirty girl sitting on stairs completely naked."
I could now see sweat beads forming on her forehead and in her cleavage. She then started shaking and orgasmed.
She looked at me and said "I am your slave. And this is one of my best orgasms."