This is aHalloween Story Contest 2023entry.
~~~~~ Edited by A_Little_Show_Too's Spouse ~~~~~
Author's Note
Two versions ofthe same storyare submitted to the contest. If you read one version, you don't need to read the other version. Two versions exist because in the first version, it felt borderline non-consensual. Many of my stories explore gender bending and social norms. Following that interest, I rewrote the same scenes with the gender of one character changed. In my mind, the story feels much different. WHY SHOULD THAT BE? If characters do the same things for the same reasons in the same circumstances, why does changing gender change the degree of exploitation? If you are as intrigued about altered perception as I am, I invite you to read both versions and comment: Did the vibe change for you as much as it did for me? If so, why do you think that is? I'm also curious if you think changing a character's gender doesn't matter. Maybe there is some unconscious double standard in my psyche that others don't share.
If you like this story, please vote in the contest, and check out my other stories posted via Literotica user name, A_Little_Show.
~~~~~ ~~~~~
Gwen flipped the sizzling paneer cubes and stirred in pine nuts. She minced more mint for the tabbouli. A dash of lemon juice softened the bitterness of parsley. Batter for her special family recipe fig bars cooled in the refrigerator waiting for pizzas to relinquish the oven. After an absent minded wipe of the counter and a long sigh, Gwen turned off the stove and trudged to the shower. Most of the invited skipped dinner to arrive both early and hungry. They were Lydia's problem now.
Unbearably hot water cascaded over Gwen's shoulders balanced by random puffs of chill swirling from an open window. Her shiver might be blamed on the wind instead of her anxiety. Legs wobbled and deep breaths lacked rhythm. Gwen dragged a fresh disposable razor to remove vestiges of pubic hair. Lydia hadn't commented about Gwen's unshaven arm pits the last time, but she requested smooth skin everywhere for round two. From page-boy cut on top to the absent downy curls below, Gwen's honey blond hair nearly matched her complexion. She glanced again in the mirror. If she missed any strays, they couldn't be spotted.
"Three days ago, you wanted this," the woman in the mirror reminded. "Two days ago, you were sure it was worth it. You may even enjoy it." Gwen's body sent irrefutable evidence to her disbelieving mind. "You can do it," she said to herself, but it didn't sound convincing. "Why don't I have one of those long white terry cloth robes like in the movies?"
"Did you say something?" Lydia called through the door.
"Just talking to myself." Gwen answered.
"Come out before the pizza gets cold."
An oversized towel wrapped Gwen three times. The knot she made between her breasts did not benefit from any cleavage to wedge it in place. Gwen observed her traitorous hand extend to turn the door knob. A select group of Lydia's cronies awaited.
~~~~~ ~~~~~
Five weeks earlier, Gwen rehearsed her apology for the rent. She was three months behind and unlikely to find enough cash by the next month either. "Always punctual," Gwen cursed at the sound of a knock. She opened the portal to a surprise. The expected building owner, a serious gray man with permanent frown, had sent a threatening letter foretelling confrontation at the appointed time. Instead, a tall dark enchantress only a few years older than Gwen framed the entry.
"I'm sorry to bother you," the surprise said, "but there is a matter of the rent."
"Who are you?" Gwen asked in a meek tone.
"I'm uh, I own the building. I will own the building."
"What do you mean?"
"My father willed this building and another to my brother and sister and me, but they don't want to run things. I borrowed money to buy my siblings' shares, so I own the buildings - or, I will after I pay back the loan."
"I don't have the rent this month either," Gwen blurted.
"Listen, I'm sorry." The woman seemed to mean it. "Nearly every penny of rent goes to pay the loan. I can't afford a tenant who doesn't pay rent. Your rent is the difference between me eating or not." She was skinny.
"I don't have the money. I have food though. I can feed you."
"I can't eat your food." The new landlord sounded glum. "I need you to move out, or I'll have to evict you."
"Oh, come in. I've already made dinner, and there's plenty."
The woman shuffled across the threshold and peered around the apartment. "You keep it tidy," she observed.
"Thanks. The trick is not having enough stuff to make a mess."
A table for four occupied most of the "living room slash dining room" of the one bedroom apartment, but only two chairs were visible. The kitchen offered a couple of cabinets crowned by white granite between a sink and an electric oven/range. A blank patch of drywall revealed the absence of a refrigerator.
"Are you sure?" The woman looked concerned.
"Sit down. Sit down." Gwen motioned to the nearest chair.
"Where is the refrigerator? All of the apartments should have a refrigerator. I think it's code or something."
"I moved it to the bedroom," Gwen confessed.
"Why? What?"
"The refrigerator pulls heat from the inside and dumps it on the outside." Gwen paraphrased her father. "It keeps the food cold and the bedroom warm."
"Yah. I don't think you're supposed to do that." The woman still wasn't seated.
"I'll get you a drink," Gwen offered. "I have cold water and some flavor packets. I've got ginger, blackberry lemon, oh, and I think there may be a sour cherry left."
"No thank you." The woman drifted toward the door.
"Oh sit down." Gwen seemed to scold, but it sounded more like a plea.
When Gwen returned with a pitcher and a wad of crumpled flavor packets, the seated woman enquired, "What smells so good?"
"It's Libyan Pacman."
"What?"
"That's what we call it in my family. My dad creates drought tolerant crops. We lived all over the world. Libyan Pacman are potatoes. They're cut in Pacman shapes." Gwen pulled an oven mitt from the hook inside a cabinet and retrieved a casserole dish from the oven. An unusual spice aroma filled the room. "See," she said waving the evidence under the man's nose. "You cut a wedge shape out of the potato. You fill the gap with nuts and spices. Then you slice the potato into disks. Each one looks like a Pacman."
The woman nodded. "Why Libyan?"
Gwen shrugged. "I don't actually know." She furrowed her brow. "I'll have to ask next time I have the chance. I don't think we ever lived in Libya."
The hot casserole landed on the table with a thunk. "I'll get some plates and forks." After a pause, she continued, "What's your name again?"
"Lydia," the woman claimed.
"Have we met before?" Gwen didn't look like she thought it likely.
"No. I've been in San Francisco for school," Lydia explained. "My father can't support his layabout daughter anymore, so I needed a real job."
"Did you have an unreal job?"
"I'm an Artist." Lydia smiled for the first time.
"Wow. You're starving and an Artist. That checks out." Gwen returned the smile.
"This is good."
"Thanks. It only takes a bit of prep-time, and the ingredients are cheap. I make it at least twice a month as long as I have the spices."
"So, are you not working? How did you get so far behind in rent?"
"I work two jobs. I'm a waitress at "Twin Peaks" which is a joke." Gwen gestured to her less than ample bosoms. "I get the worst tips."
"And?"
"I'm an assistant music therapist. I help autistic kids and sometimes mentally disabled adults. Music soothes some of them, and others like playing the instruments." Gwen pointed to small wood and leather drums, some plastic recorders, and a toy xylophone all neatly stacked in a corner.
"Assistant?"
"Yah." Gwen shrugged. "A hundred thousand in debt, and I don't even have the degree."
Lydia coughed on her Pacman. "A hundred thousand!"
"Well, it was." Gwen admitted. "I've paid about half."
"I see where the rent money goes," Lydia grumbled.
"It's not like that! I was paying it back when I was earning more money. I haven't paid a dime while I've been trying to find rent."
"What happened?" Lydia seemed sincerely interested.
"The county cut my hours - which wouldn't be a bad thing because waitressing pays better, but the timing doesn't work. I used to work all day with the kids and then evenings at the restaurant. Now I get a couple of mornings a week with the kids, but I can't pick up any more hours at the boob bar unless somebody calls in sick."
"Have you looked for a better day job?"
"No, Lydia," she huffed with her hands on her hips. "I never thought of that!"
"Well?"
"I need to keep working therapy or I'll never claw my way back into the industry. I don't know when the county will schedule me, so I can't get another job if it means I'm not available when the county calls. I've applied everywhere without getting a single call-back."
"So, there is no hope you'll pay back rent."
"Probably not." She shrank into an even smaller volume of cosmos than she previously occupied. She looked at her feet.
Lydia ate in silence for a while. She hedged, "So, you have food?"
"I buy cheap staples, and I can take some things home from work."
"OK. I'll forgive this month's rent if you promise to feed me twice a week for the next month. I still need you to pay the back rent."
"Is it a negotiation now? I counter: you forgive all the past rent, and I don't pay rent any more as long as you keep eating my food."
"No way! There aren't enough meals in a month to pay back what you owe."
"But, two meals a week is enough to forgive this month's rent," Gwen retorted.
"I'm trying to be nice about it!"
"I'm a very good cook." Gwen smiled.
"Can't you get a roommate or something to help with the rent?"
"Where would I put a roommate?" Gwen gestured around the room.
"A boyfriend?"
"Nope." Gwen's tone foreclosed that conversational direction.
"What if I move in?"
Gwen's mouth gaped. Her face clouded while the implications of the suggestion bloomed.
"Not like that." Lydia added. "I'll take the bedroom, and you can sleep on a futon or something out here. It makes sense. I'll be here to be fed in lieu of rent."
"No."
"What will happen if you're evicted?" Lydia sounded both concerned and threatening at the same time.
Gwen countered: "I get the bedroom, and you sleep on a futon."
"No. You have my terms. Take it or leave it."
"I don't have a futon."
Lydia grinned. "I can supply the futon."
~~~~~ ~~~~~
Lydia proved to be an easy roommate most of the time. When she wasn't bothered by her buildings, she hid in the bedroom with the door closed. Lydia supplied a futon, new sheets, blankets, pillows, a couple of lamps, and two more chairs for the table. She helped Gwen strip the bed and make up the futon as much as possible with Gwen's linens. She moved her scant belongings from the bedroom to the main room and suggested an armoire to store clothes. She didn't seem to have an armoire laying around though, so it would have to wait. Lydia cleaned and maintained the bathroom. She slept most mornings, and Gwen worked every evening. They only met for dinner a couple of times a week, but leftovers from the meals Lydia missed routinely vanished while Gwen worked, so Lydia wasn't starving.
Lydia left her touch on her habitat. The first change was a peep-hole in the front door. Gwen noticed a week into the roommate experiment and wasn't sure when it appeared. The refrigerator returned to the kitchen. Gwen had removed the door to the bedroom and the doors on the refrigerator to force the thing into the bedroom. When Gwen reassembled the unit, she stripped all of the screws. It must have taken a miracle for Lydia to move it back. Lydia's visitors produced the biggest change to Gwen's routine. They were young, tall, thin, female, never the same twice, and in a hurry to leave whenever Gwen arrived.
When Gwen noted the pattern repeating enough times, she asked, "Where do you find these women?"
"The agents send them."
"What?" Gwen looked perplexed.
"They're models for my art. I tell an agency how many I'll hire, and the agency sends candidates until I hire enough."
"What do you hire them to do?"
"They're canvases."
"What?"
"It's my art. I paint on their bodies, photograph them, and sell the photo prints."
"What do you paint on them?"
"It all depends. Sometimes I paint landscapes or floral scenes or Op Art, but mostly I paint clothes."
"So, they're naked? Is it pornography?"
"Meh. I guess it's in the eye of the beholder. I've had gallery shows. Doesn't that qualify as art?"
"Are you doing all that here?"
"Yup." Lydia smiled.
"That's all you have to say?"
"I haven't disturbed you. What are you complaining about?"
Gwen's voice remained level. "I don't know. I'm in a mood to stomp to my room and slam the door, except you took my room! Get out of here for a while and let me think."
Lydia backed away with arms raised in a warding gesture. "What do you need to think about?"
"I'm not sure how I feel about this in my home. Are you exploiting these women? I don't even know what I want to know. That's why I need you out of my hair - so I can think."
Lydia tip-toed the three paces to the bedroom and closed the door with a barely audible click.
~~~~~ ~~~~~
In the morning, the front door swung open startling Gwen where she sat sipping coffee with her back to the door. She jumped from her chair to discover Lydia with her arms full of grocery bags which were unloaded onto the floor before Gwen had a chance to help. "You're up early! What's all this?"
"I've eaten so much of your food. It's time to replenish."
"This isn't going to add to my rent - is it?"
"Of course not," Lydia assured.
"Why do you have so many boxes of breakfast cereal?"
"The store doesn't always carry them, so when they're in stock, I buy them all."
"Where are you going to put them?" Gwen asked over her shoulder as she squeezed the new gallon of milk into a crevasse within the refrigerator.
"I'll put a couple on the counter and the others somewhere in my room. You're welcome to try some."
"What sort of Op Art do you paint?"
"Huh. What? Where did that come from?"
"I was thinking about it last night. You said you painted Op Art on the nude women."
"It's probably easiest to show you. I'll text a link to the page for my show last year. I'm curious to hear your opinion about whether I'm exploiting anyone."
Gwen frowned. "Where do you want this?" She held a leaking bundle of butcher paper at arms length.
Lydia bounded to Gwen's side with two strides of her long legs. "Ah. Let me get that for you. Grab some paper towels and one of the empty bags."
Gwen followed directions and watched Lydia wipe the outside wrapping, deposit the bundle in a bag, and shove the whole bag into the freezer after extracting a package of frozen vegetables to make room. The vegetables landed with a thunk on the counter.
"We'll have to eat those today." Lydia indicated the refugee package. Then, she collected cleaning supplies from under the sink and commenced wiping drips from the wood floor. She crawled on hands and knobby knees.
Gwen stared with astonishment at the revealed plumber's crack and the extension of long muscles. "Make sure you get all the drops. Then wash your hands."
"Of course."
~~~~~ ~~~~~
Lydia texted the link hours later when Gwen was changing into her uniform bustier for a shift. She didn't take time to study the images until her fifteen minute break at 10:00. The first few images showed clothed models, or the illusion of clothing was complete at the size and resolution of the photos on her phone. The give-away that the models were painted was not what anyone might expect. It was the mix of fashion with absurdity. One model appeared to wear a skin tight "flapper" dress from the 1920s, except her lower legs and feet were from a long legged bird. Another model appeared to wear an extremely short summer dress, except there was a head sized apple topped with auburn hair where her head should be. Studying the image revealed the painting and simulated lighting to be so exquisite that contours of a face faded and the illusion of an apple was complete.
Gwen invested nine minutes of her break studying a sequence of animal paintings. She saw an image of a lioness about to pounce. The model posed on all fours with her back arched and tail curled between the legs. Her hands and feet looked like paws. To create the illusion, Lydia had painted a portion of wooden floor extending from reality onto the model's feet. It was difficult to spot the borders from the vantage of the camera. There was a white screen behind the model, and bright lights cast her feminine human silhouette. It didn't look possible that the figure in the foreground could have cast that shadow. The image of a lion was so convincing.
Gwen ran out of time trying to understand one of the last images. The view presented looked out from the porch of a rustic cabin into a tranquil meadow and pond. The only human figure in sight was a distant man who appeared to pee into the pond. Gwen's mouth fell open when her mind adjusted and her perception expanded to realize there was a model in the foreground. The paint and perspective deftly blended the nature scene across the body. Gwen grinned when she realized that figure in the distance covered the model's pelvis. The juxtaposition of illustrated male anatomy over the model's vulva shocked.
The bus ride home at 2:30 in the morning offered the next opportunity to explore Lydia's work. A series showed tasteful yet sexy nudes with breasts covered by arms and hips turned to conceal genitals. Closer inspection revealed the true models posed in bland full frontal stances with shoulders and hips square to the camera. The demure images were deceptions. Again, the background seamlessly spread over then models' skin hiding any boundary with the foreground.
Gwen knocked on Lydia's bedroom door at 3:00 but obtained no answer. The knob didn't yield to her attempted turn. Lydia made no appearance in the morning. At least, she didn't appear before Gwen departed for an 11:00AM therapy appointment across town. At dinner, Gwen bounced out of her chair at the sound of Lydia's door opening. By then, the photos were etched into Gwen's memory, and the lioness served as the wallpaper on Gwen's phone. Before Gwen could ask any questions burning on her lips, a statuesque nude model flowed out of the room in the artist's wake.
The model presented a tall boyish figure reinforced by a severe short hair cut. She was definitely female though. Lydia disappeared back into her room without speaking, and Gwen introduced herself.
The model reciprocated with an insincere smile and hand shake.
Lydia returned with a bundle of the model's street clothes which she draped over the back of a chair. "Turn around so she can see," Lydia directed.
The model's back from the bottom her buttocks to neck displayed a scene of men playing soccer. Then, the model reached behind her back with one arm, and the scene changed into one where a ball could be seen passing just out of reach of the goal keeper. The model switched arms, and the goal keeper was shown intercepting the ball. Lydia grinned. "I call it 'choose your own adventure'"
The model appeared bored and asked if she was done for the day.
Lydia thanked the model and addressed Gwen while the model dressed herself. "What do you think? It's part of a new series about sports physiques."
"It's clever." Gwen conceded while she was distracted by the model squeezing into yoga pants.
Lydia rooted around in a pocket and produced a $50 bill which was extended to the model. The model palmed the money without comment and departed.
"You only pay them 50 DOLLARS?" Gwen looked aghast.
"Of course not. That's just the tip. I pay the agency $60 per hour. I'm not sure how much of that goes to their employee."
"How many hours?" Gwen raised her eyebrows.
"Usually about twelve."
"They get paid $720 per day? That's half a month of rent."
"Since you mention it, when can you pay your back rent?"
Gwen paused as if the wheels of a calculator spun in her mind. "I'd only need to work for you for three or four days."
"That's based on what the agency gets."
"That's what I would earn because I don't owe anything to an agency." Gwen looked calculating. "Plus, with tips, it would only be three days."
"Are you interested in modeling for me?"
"I don't know," Gwen looked at her feet. "I don't look like your other models. For one, they are each a foot taller than me."
"Nah, they're only six to eight inches taller. Plus, you're better proportioned than most of them. You have a better figure. It's all about the ratios."
"Now I feel like a slab of meat or a store mannequin." Gwen frowned.
"It doesn't matter," Lydia assured, "I'm out of money at least until my tenants pay the rent."
"Can I pay my back rent with services?" Gwen's voice quavered.
"Listen. You should consider what you're asking. I photograph my models. Those photographs are sold, displayed, and sometimes posted online."
"That's right," Gwen mused. "I forgot about that for a minute just focusing on the dollar signs."
"Think about it and let me know tomorrow."
"No. I've thought about it, and you're right. I don't want my body displayed online. I shiver to think what might come from that! My brother said one of his friends got caught wanking to a picture of me ice skating with a little camel toe visible. It wasn't even a good picture. It was a fuzzy, black and white image buried in a small town newspaper's spread about the competition. I never looked at his friend the same way again."
"Hmm. That's sounds like 'projection' to me." Lydia smirked. "And, I bet the back issues of the paper are online now."
"Oh. Yuck!. Don't even say that. My own brother!"
"It should make your next family gathering interesting. You'll always wonder."
"Thanks for that!" Gwen looked like she just sucked on an especially sour lemon.
"That settles it then. I repeat. When will you have the back rent?"
"I don't know." Gwen sounded concerned.
Lydia shrugged and turned back toward her room. "I have to cleanup before my limited stock of paint dries. I've got to conserve every penny."
Gwen lay on her futon to think. Her distraction almost made her late for work. When she stepped out of a hasty shower, she realized she hadn't brought her uniform into the bathroom with her. She could put her day clothes back on only to fetch her uniform and change again. She elected instead to make a topless dash from the bathroom to the living area and don the bustier. When Lydia's door didn't open to catch her exposed, she sighed and looked thoughtful. It was impossible to tell if she was relieved or disappointed. Gwen grabbed her jacket to ward against the chill outside and then froze. She whispered, "Why didn't I just wear a towel from the bathroom?" She missed her usual bus but still arrived in time for her shift.
~~~~~ ~~~~~
Gwen didn't see Lydia again for a couple of days. She could tell Lydia wasn't home because even though the bedroom door was closed, it wasn't locked. Gwen fondled some of Lydia's belongings before looking guilty and slinking out of the room.
When Lydia turned up for a dinner, Gwen asked, "Isn't there some way I can model for you without becoming a deposit in someone's spank bank?"
"Someone?" Lydia smirked. "I think it might be more than one. I know it would be more than one."
"You know what I mean. Do you have to photograph it?"
"What is the point of my art if it is never displayed?"
"I mean - you would see it. Right?"
"Do you want me to see you naked? What about MY bank?"
"Your money bank or your diddle bank?" Gwen quipped.
"Yes." Lydia's face remained impassive. "And no. I can't afford time or materials for work that will never be seen."
"I'm worth it just for your own - um - pleasure." There was a pause. "Of creation I mean. Your own satisfaction." Another pause, "Creative expression, I mean."
Lydia crinkled her face to digest Gwen's double entendre whether it was intended or not. "You're cute as a button," Lydia conceded, "but I really can't afford it. I'm not kidding. The special paints I use are expensive. Whatever I use can't be replaced - until I collect more rent."
Gwen let the subject drop while serving spaghetti squash with a cinnamon and clove accented sauce. Between bites, Gwen asked, "Where have you been? I haven't seen you around for a while."
Lydia took another bite and swallowed before she explained, "I have a cabal of acquaintances in the local art scene. We're organizing a joint show to promote each other. Dianna, a photographer, shanghaied me to her studio an hour away from here. I had no way home until she deigned to drive me."
"Are you sleeping with her?" Gwen sounded surprised at herself for voicing the question.
"Who? Dianna? No. Her wife wouldn't like that, and I will never get on her wife's bad side. She'd happily display my head as a trophy over her mantle."
Gwen frowned with an inscrutable expression.
The rest of the conversation regarded the weather, plans for the next few days, and if they should share a laundry load to conserve quarters for the machine. With Lydia's schedule disrupted by Dianna, Gwen discovered Lydia already in the bathroom behind a locked door when Gwen needed to change for work. Gwen stood for a moment poised to knock on the door but didn't. She stripped in the main room. She even dropped her panties and stood naked for a moment facing the bathroom as if considering something. Then, she pulled up her uniform spandex shorts. Going commando produced a prominent camel toe that she picked at before giving up. With the bustier on and a jacket wrapped around her waist, Gwen scampered off to work with a glance back at the closed bathroom door.
~~~~~ ~~~~~
Gwen's therapy session the next day cancelled, so she was eating leftover squash when Lydia emerged from the bedroom and sauntered into the bathroom. Lydia left the door cracked open, so Gwen wandered over to talk. Lydia leaned over the tub to shave her legs.
"Do you need the bathroom? I'll be done in a jiffy," Lydia offered while concentrating on the razor.
"No. I was just wondering what your plans are."
"I have a faucet to fix in 303." She shrugged. "Then, I need to interview some more models."
"I thought you didn't have money for models." Gwen's hands gripped her hips.
"This is for the show we're putting together. There isn't enough wall space to hang everybody's works, and the whole scheme will unravel if anyone feels slighted. One of the others suggested we hire models to display my work instead of hanging photos. I don't have any money for that, but they said I should interview some of my regulars anyway. If any are willing and available, maybe there's a way." Lydia wiped her legs with a towel. "I thought it was a waste of time, but Dianna wants to photograph the event including the models. I got to thinking - Dianna's shots of my work might grab the attention of a whole new set of buyers. She really sold me when she observed that buyers are vain, and pictures of the buyers themselves mingling with my models might jack up the sales. They'll want to hang those works for bragging rights."
Gwen retreated without comment, but when Lydia sat beside her at the table, fully dressed, Gwen said, "Too bad the event will be photographed. I'd do it except I don't want the pictures taken."
"You're truly interested?" Lydia studied Gwen's face and body language.
"I mean, maybe."
"The photos could be auctioned to buyers at the show. It's likely only the buyers and their friends would ever see them."
"Sure. Then, someone puts them on the Internet. Someone gives them to a museum where half the world traipses in and out ogling my body."
"Wouldn't that be great!" Lydia grinned, "My pictures in a museum." When Gwen offered no reply, Lydia shrugged and added, "You don't really want to do it anyway."
"Why do you say that?" Gwen cross examined.
"As flattered as I am that you think my work will be displayed in a museum, you make too big a deal about people seeing your body. You know my work. Most of the clods in the world would't even notice you're naked, and none of them would recognize you. Besides, so what if they did? You're way too prudish and self-important. You have a body that's just like half the bodies on the planet. It's not as if people haven't seen sexy naked women before. Hell, the Internet is saturated with women voluntarily displaying themselves. They post videos of themselves masturbating or giving blow jobs, and those are just the amateurs. Nobody is paying them to do it."
"You sound awfully familiar with Internet porn."
"That's the point. You're uptight about something so common that any and every sexually curious person can access it with a click of a button. I can't believe you'd seriously model for me."
Gwen looked stunned even though Lydia never raised her voice or sounded scolding. It was matter of fact from her.
"Yah, but it's my body. It's different."
"Then we agree. You'll find some other way to repay the rent."
"I work half naked every night!" Gwen tried to score a point, "I'm not a prude."
"You're cute in that little uniform, but you're hardly half naked. In some ways, clothes that tease a glimpse of flesh are more tantalizing than the flesh."
"I," Gwen hesitated. "You think it's tantalizing?"
"You know it is." Lydia's tone remained flat. "Your shorts accentuate the cutest little ass I've seen."
Gwen blushed. Her pale skin burned from her cheeks to the subtle rise of her breasts.
"I always wonder if you're wearing a thong or nothing at all because if those shorts were any tighter, I could count the freckles on your derriere."
Gwen's blush deepened. "And you call me a prude. I've worked a whole shift with no underwear. How about that, miss?"
Lydia didn't respond.
"I had to smooth out the camel toe every five minutes." Gwen stared at Lydia to gauge reaction.
"Were the tips better that night?"
Gwen considered the question. "Maybe," she admitted.
"So you're going to model for me at the show," Lydia stated.
Gwen's mouth hung slightly open. She looked like a deer in headlights. It was almost possible to read her thoughts: "When had she agreed to that?" Before she spoke, Gwen closed her mouth and transformed her expression to neutrality. "For three month's rent." She held out her small hand to shake.
"No deal." Lydia carried her plate to the sink and rinsed it.
Gwen followed and proposed, "Two months rent."
"Twice for three month's rent," Lydia suggested.
"No deal." Lydia's dejected roommate sulked to her futon.
"Why not?"
"I might - might - nerve myself up to do it once. I mean - that's what my twenties are for right? Stretch my boundaries - Expand my horizons - Do wild things I'll never do again just to have the memory. There's no way I'd do it twice."
"Then you shouldn't do it once," Lydia recommended in a sensible voice. "I don't want to pressure you into anything. I already feel like I'm taking advantage of you over the back rent. You'll find some way to repay the rent. I'll find someplace else to live. There is no need for you to twist yourself in knots over this. I want to work with enthusiastic collaborators - not shrinking violets. Let's just drop the subject."
"No!" Gwen leapt to her feet from the futon. "No. The deal is two times for three month's rent." She extended her hand.
Lydia enveloped Gwen's small paw in an expansive grip. "Deal." After a prolonged mutual silence, Lydia asked, "What's for dessert? I'm still hungry."
~~~~~ ~~~~~
Dianna turned out to be a credible stand-in for her namesake goddess. Dianna towered above crowds with her mocha-latte complexion, long straight black hair, and legs that could elevate an NBA star. Each of Dianna's arms were thicker than Gwen's thighs and more muscular too.
Gwen and Dianna met a day before the scheduled show. Lydia and Dianna kibitzed about what to paint on the demure waif of a model. At one point, Dianna asked Gwen to strip to the waist. Lydia joked, "You just want to see her tits."
Gwen pulled her faded Darth Vader t-shirt over her head replicating a contortion she saw in a movie. She seldom wore a bra, and her breasts were small enough that people seldom noticed. Nevertheless, Dianna stared at Gwen's bare bust. Gwen blushed.
"What about a boxer of MMA fighter?" Dianna queried.
"You always go for contrasts don't you? How about a milk maid or dancer?"
"Oh, I know what you have to do!"
"What?" Gwen and Lydia spoke in unison.
Dianna whispered in Lydia's ear.
"What?" Gwen closed the gap between the tree of them to hear.
"Well," Lydia contemplated. "Dianna has proposed a real contrast, but you won't like it."
"What?" Gwen seemed both excited and skeptical.
Dianna spoke: "He should paint you as a nude man - like the statue of David - Give you a realistic little penis and everything. Half the guests will see a beautiful young man, and since many of them are gay, it works! You'll get the gays and the straights so hard they won't be thinking when they bid on my photos."
Gwen reflexively covered her breasts with an arm. The blush extended to her belly button.
"That's exactly what you should not have said," Lydia scolded. "She's already horrified by the prospect of being ogled."
Dianna complained, "It's a fantastic idea. You have to do it."
Gwen's voice creaked. "Um, no. I mean, it kind of fascinates me. I don't," Gwen choked, "I like to think it wouldn't work. I mean, I look too feminine."
"You've seen what Lydia can do," Dianna argued. "She could make it so convincing a doctor would say you're a boy."
"I like the idea of gender confusion," Lydia mused. "How about a wrestler in those things they wear - a singlet. I could paint a realistic bulge between her legs - you know - hint at things instead of beating people over the head with it. The singlet straps could cover her breasts." Lydia gestured a line rising from Gwen's groin to her shoulder brushing a breast along the way.
"Yeah. You could paint a huge erection. You know those wresters are all cruising for sausage. That grappling is gay foreplay."
"No." Lydia decided.
Gwen released the breath she had been holding.
"What then?" Gwen asked.
"How about tight jeans with a bulge? I'll paint a sagging muscle shirt and put hair on her chest. We'll taunt the guests by leaving a nipple exposed and dare them to consider whether the fact it is a woman's nipple makes any difference. I mean, it's not remarkable to see a man's nipple. Dare them to reveal their hypocrisy."
Dianna nodded. "What about her face? A mustache?"
"No," Lydia assessed. "I won't touch her face at all. Let her delicate bone structure and coy expressions accentuate the confusion."
"But, I thought you'd blend me into the background or something. I don't want people to recognize my face. You want to show my nipples - not even painted?"
"One nipple is enough," Lydia scoffed. "This is your last chance to back out."
~~~~~ ~~~~~
Dianna appeared again on the appointed day with an offer to drive them to the event. While Lydia prepared the bedroom studio, Gwen sat nervously at the table. Dianna leaned over and whispered, "If you haven't masturbated today, you should probably go do that. Otherwise, you're going to want to and not be able to later."
"What?" Gwen's shocked mouth hung agape. She only blushed a little.
"Seriously. The whole painting process is ridiculously sensual, and then you're going to be the only one naked in a room full of strangers all lusting for your real or perceived sex. It may be the most erotic experience of your life."
Before Gwen could seriously consider the advice, Lydia called from the bedroom.
"Too late." Dianna smirked. She shouted to Lydia, "I'll be back at 5:00 with a snack, and we can drive over then."
If Lydia responded, it was a grunt that Dianna didn't wait to hear. Soon enough, Gwen found herself alone in the apartment with Lydia, and Lydia expected her to get naked.
"How does this work?" Gwen asked while hunched with one arm covering her breasts and a hand covering her vulva.
"Just lay here on the floor. Start face down. I'll paint the back, let it dry, and then flip you for the second half."
There was a paint stained white tarpaulin covering the indicated patch of floor. Bright photographer's light concentrated on the space. "I thought you weren't going to take pictures here," Gwen complained.
"I'm not, These are just to light my work, and they'll keep you warm."
Gwen clambered to the floor and rested her head on her arms crossed in front of her.
"Are you comfortable?"
"Mmmm."
Lydia consulted rough sketches and outlined edges of the anticipated shirt on Gwen's back. Gwen drifted toward sleep for a while until Lydia switched to infill painting. A large brush saturated with paint slathered between Gwen's bum cheeks.
"I almost forgot I am naked," Gwen informed.
"Good. This next bit is," Lydia hesitated, "more intimate."
Gwen held her tongue while short light brush strokes tickled her anus. Lydia changed tools and swabbed outer labia. Gwen clenched her thighs, but Lydia guided them apart again. "Almost done for a while," she promised. Lydia painted stitched seams on the "jeans". The fine brush tickled. One followed her buttocks crack, and others followed the arc of each hip. It took another hour to complete the back. Lydia lingered around the cuffs at Gwen's ankles evidently struggling to achieve exacting standards.
"Can I take a break to pee?"
"Sorry," Lydia replied. "You need to wait a while for the paint to dry or it will smudge off onto the toilet seat."
"I don't think I can wait much longer. How about if I hover over the seat," Gwen suggested.
"Alright. Give it a try. I still have time for some touchup after."
When Gwen returned, she appeared sheepish. "I think I messed it up."
"Turn around and let me see." Lydia knelt and made an intimate appraisal of the gap between Gwen's thighs. "Bend over." Gwen's legs trembled with tension and bared her loins. Lydia's face pressed right up there, and she spread Gwen's cheeks to study the damage. "It's not too bad. Are you sure you didn't do it on purpose so I'll have to paint there again?"
Gwen stood and spun to face Lydia.
"Just a joke," Lydia claimed. "I can touch it up while I do the front. Wait fifteen minutes and then lay on your back. Do you want anything while you wait?"
"Do I have to stand here naked in front of you the whole time?"
"I'll leave the room if you want. I have to say - when I'm in the groove - so to speak, I really don't see your body. I see a canvas."
"Are you still in the groove?"
"Obviously not at this moment," Lydia admitted with a chuckle.
"I feel like you're ogling me now."
"Well, I'm mostly thinking about the next steps for the painting, but I'm a lesbian, and you're very attractive."
Gwen covered her breasts and vulva again, but dropped her arms back to her sides after a moment. "Look," she sighed.
"Thank you for doing this." Lydia sounded earnest.
"I find you attractive too." Gwen smiled. "It's been a long time since I had a lover. I'm embarrassed to admit this, but I wiped some of the paint by accident because I was getting a little wet, and it was't pee."
"It's normal," Lydia assured. "Bodies react sometimes even when the mind isn't on the same page. I'm aroused right now, but I'm not going to bend you over and ravage you."
"Why not?" Gwen grinned and then clarified, "That's a joke."
Lydia grunted acknowledgement. "I don't sleep with models. I did it once back in San Fransisco, and it fucked everything up."
"Fucking can do that - I hear," Gwen acknowledged.
"I think I'll use the bathroom now. We'll be pressed for time if we don't start on the front soon."
Gwen shrugged, and Lydia slipped past her to leave the room. After ten minutes, Gwen shouted, "Did you fall in?"
"All better now," Lydia claimed upon return.
The design on the front matched Lydia's previous description. The image of a white cotton muscle shirt sagged at the neck line leaving Gwen's right nipple uncovered. Bristles tickled her left nipple while Lydia painted that side. A realistic depiction of draped cloth disguised the raise of breasts but failed to cover substantial side boob. Lydia fussed painting curls of chest hair. She wiped away paint and tried again twice. The third time, Lydia left Gwen's honey pale flesh unblemished.
When Gwen asked, Lydia explained that she wanted to match the hair on Gwen's head, but there wasn't enough contrast with Gwen's skin tone. It looked like dirt smudges instead of chest hair. "Not every plan works," Lydia confessed.
Lydia painted a low slung brass belt buckle below Gwen's navel. "Hold still," she admonished when Gwen rocked her hips almost imperceptibly. Then, Lydia started to work on Gwen's "package". Simulated jeans stretched to the limit with a fly straining for release. Each tiny stroke for the zipper teeth made Gwen's body twitch. "There's not much I can say about this part. We just have to ride it out," Lydia confessed with brush hovering over the hood of Gwen's clitoris. Lydia sounded distracted. Gwen rode it out without comment, but a few beads of sweat bloomed on her brow. Her breath became erratic. Lydia painted the bulge of a large phallus pointing up and to Gwen's right. Most of the time was spent around the border between Gwen's pelvis and part of her thigh leading to her hip. A turgid shaft culminated in a an almost discernible mushroom head suggesting seven or eight inches of meat.
Gwen chuckled.
"What?" Lydia pause her labor.
"I was wondering: Am I circumsized or not?"
Lydia considered. "I'm not sure it matters though because you are sporting a monster boner. The foreskin would surely be retracted.
"Good to know." Gwen giggled.
"Why's that?"
"Well, lately I've been imagining. Now, I can construct a more accurate image in my mind."
Lydia neglected to comment. They were in the home stretch, and picking up the pace. Lydia didn't spend any more time below Gwen's waist. Soon, they heard pounding on the front door. "Go ahead and stand up," Lydia requested, "But don't smudge anything."
Dianna entered the bedroom before Lydia and conducted a dispassionate examination. "Nice work." Dianna addressed Lydia as if Gwen wasn't in the room.
"What about the smudge between my legs?"
"Shit! I forgot about that." Lydia bent with her nose almost touching wet paint. "You have to sit in the car, and anything I paint now will still be wet. I might be able to touch it up when we get there."
"What's this all about?" Dianna expressed curiosity.
"Gwen wiped off some of my work when she used the bathroom. It's not very apparent from this angle." Lydia mimed a sight line from her eyes far above Gwen's head down to Gwen's groin.
"Let me see." Dianna requested.
"Not now. We need to get moving." Lydia was adamant, so Dianna resisted any urge to argue.
Lydia covered Dianna's passenger seat with a large white towel and guided Gwen to sit on it. "Please, please, please do not rub off all my work."
"I have to ride to the show naked?"
"You aren't naked." Dianna said. "You're painted."
"My nipple is hanging out, and my kitty is on display!"
Lydia took off her button down shirt and extended it to Gwen. "Cover yourself with this. Hold it away from the paint." With some fussing, the shirt covered Gwen from neck to knees and seemed to satisfy her.
Lydia adjusted a t-shirt she was wearing under the button down shirt dove into the back seat with the car already moving. "No time to waste," Dianna asserted.
Dianna drove with manic abandon taking her eyes off the road to ask Gwen, "Was I right?"
Gwen looked baffled for a moment until Diana elaborated, "My advice earlier."
Gwen blushed and confessed, "Oh yes."
"What's this about?" Lydia interjected but received no reply.
~~~~~ ~~~~~
The venue was a derelict nineteenth century theater. Gwen trudged up four flights of creaking stairs holding Lydia's shirt like a matador's cape. Gwen peered over her shoulder multiple times to find Lydia staring at her bare backside. Dianna led the way and flung open a wood panel door hanging cockeyed in its frame. The attic space housed some sort of studio with ballet bars and mirrors on one wall. A few hard plastic chairs adorned another wall. Dozens of people meandered around the space. Most of them were artists. People greeted Dianna, but nobody commented about Gwen or gave her more than a glance.
"Do you still feel naked?" Lydia whispered in Gwen's ear producing a shiver.
Gwen thought about her answer for a few heartbeats and handed the shirt shield back to its owner. "I feel invisible."
Lydia smiled and kissed her forehead for a long moment. When Lydia withdrew, Gwen's fingers brushed the lingering warm spot. Lydia buttoned her shirt and made a show of walking around the perimeter of the room appreciating works in many media hung from every available surface.
Gwen waited alone near the center. She eavesdropped when she could. It seemed a little nubile naked woman was banal among this crew. There was a middle aged bald man with a glorious handlebar mustache who escorted an elderly woman - probably his mother. A cute couple sashayed with arms intertwined. They sported matching dreadlocks, deep V neck blouses, and no bras. There was a man in a muscle shirt similar to Gwen's, but neither of his nipples were exposed nor were they as hard as Gwen's.
More people arrived. A few disgorged small talk in Gwen's direction. She replied with "yes" or "no" whenever possible. At least twenty boisterous guests surged into the room together. They wore colorful batik togas or serappes. Two striking individuals in the gaggle attracted the collective attention of everyone present. An athletic man with chiseled features revealed perfect bare skin where pubic hair should camp. His pendulum swung under scant fabric always on the verge of flopping into view. A woman as tall as Lydia's models but much more voluptuous greeted people in her path. The gossamer weave of her toga failed to conceal large breasts. When the amazon turned, Gwen spotted an odd white fur tail dangling between the woman's legs. With a bend at the waist to kiss a sitting woman, the tail jut into the air lifting the toga hem to present lower ass cheeks.
"Is it in her anus or her vagina?"
Gwen jumped startled by Dianna's question. "Um," encompassed her reply.
"My bet is ass," Dianna confided. "I don't think people have looked enough to appreciate the genius of Lydia's work. I brought you to a few peoples' attention." Dianna gesture to a couple having an impassioned discussion looking toward Dianna and Gwen. "I'm going to do something. Don't be embarrassed!"
Gwen belatedly reached for Dianna's arm to restrain Dianna from mischief, but Gwen clasped only air.
Dianna dragged a chair close to Gwen's roost and stood on the chair. Dianna waved a fancy camera in one hand and a flute of champaign in the other. "Everyone, please," Dianna waited. When enough heads turned, Dianna continued. "What I have here is something for everyone. In our time of fluid gender and culture wars, I present Lydia's masterpiece. Look at him flaunt that monster cock." Dianna waved vaguely in Gwen's direction. "I see you appraising it, Trevor."
A few people laughed, and pretty young man punched Trevor in the shoulder.
Dianna hopped down and dragged Gwen to sit on the vacated chair. Dianna adjusted Gwen to slump in the chair with knees wide apart.
"Isn't it just like a man to swagger and take up space. Look at him acting like he owns the world. But wait! You know me. I've got no use for cock of any size. Look more closely, and behold a buffet of my favorite dish served the way I like it, hot and moist."
Gwen clamped her knees together and crosser her ankles. Her back became ramrod straight.
"Before your eyes, the brute becomes a damsel in distress. Who will defend her virtue?"
Gwen remembered to cover her breasts with an arm.
"That's enough for now," Lydia approached and suggested. "Quit hogging all the attention."
Dianna shrugged, faced Gwen, and snapped a picture.
"Still feel invisible?" Lydia asked after most people resumed whatever they did before Dianna interrupted. "I asked her not to do that. If my art needs to be explained, I've failed. Come, stand up," Lydia offered a hand.
Gwen looked like she wanted to shrink into the floor, but she accepted the gesture.
"Let's mingle and give Dianna her photo shoot. Pose with a few likely patrons, and then we'll find someplace to hide until Dianna drives us home."
"Stay with me."
Lydia nodded assent.
Gwen sipped until someone snatched away her champaign and thrust a 40 ounce can of cheap beer into her hand. She set the can on the floor by a wall, but soon, a stocky woman almost as short as Gwen insisted she accept the can. "It's a prop for Dianna's photos," the stocky woman asserted.
Gwen sighed and held the can to her lips while looking toward the camera.
One set of photographs involved two handsome men standing either side of Gwen in leather pants. They made gestures like the were impressed by her cock. Then one got on his knees beside her and mimed performing fellatio.
"This is the last one," Lydia demanded.
Dianna returned an inconclusive shrug and started posing her subjects. The woman with the fur tail sat on a chair with the tail bent forward between her legs. "Gwen darling," Dianna commanded. "Sit in her lap with your legs spread and pull the tail up to cover your kitty."
Gwen blushed but obeyed.
"It looks like that tickles," Dianna mused to nobody in particular. Dianna directed the owner of the tail to grope Gwen's cock. To Gwen she said, "Rub it around a bit like you're masturbating."
Lydia stepped between Gwen and the camera and said, "That's it for tonight."
"Oh, come on! She wants to do it." Dianna insisted.
Lydia glanced back to see Gwen already rubbing herself with the tail
"Is there any pose you want to do?" Dianna spoke past Lydia.
Gwen shook her head negative, but it wasn't convincing. She continued absentminded play with the tail between her legs.
Dianna smirked and bellowed, "Anyone here man enough for side by side comparison?"
For a while, nobody volunteered, and Gwen stroked herself with the tail as if she wasn't aware of her actions.
The couple that earlier held an animated discussion while gazing at Gwen approached. "You'll never get a better opportunity," the woman of the pair assured her man while reaching around him to fiddle with his belt. Soon, the man's trousers bunched at his ankles.
Dianna directed. "Gwen, stand and turn to the right. Gregor! Drop the underwear and slap your meat up against Gwen's."
Gregor didn't move a muscle, but his woman yanked down white briefs and fiddled with his flaccid penis until it rested against Gwen's thigh.
"Turn a little more, Gwen."
With everyone positioned, Dianna captured her image.
Somebody shouted, "It's not a fair comparison."
The woman wrapped her fingers around her man's semi erection and masturbated him until he grew to her satisfaction. More pictures were taken including a few with the woman measuring the deficiency of reality next to art.
"Thank you honey," the woman patted Gwen's shoulder. "It's gets us both hot," the woman informed while tipping her head toward Gregor who she advised to "Take me someplace and ravage me." He reclaimed underwear and trousers in one motion but didn't speak. He looked shell-shocked.
The handsome man in the colorful toga took a turn. He thrust his hips to rub an already stiff prong against Gwen's virtual appendage. Handsome didn't measure up either, but Gwen panted through the entire ordeal.
"Anyone else?" Dianna shouted. "Last chance!"
Nobody volunteered, so Dianna suggested, "One more. Get on your knees."
Gwen complied with hesitant motions.
"That's right. Ass up. Put you face on the floor."
Gwen did it.
"Now, reach back and spread you pussy lips."
Gwen didn't move. Dianna continued snapping pictures anyway.
Lydia placed a hand on Gwen's back. "I got us another ride home."
Gwen struggled to her feet and hugged Lydia. She squeezed tight.
They walked side by side holding hands to the door, and then Gwen lead the way down the steps.
They loitered with Gwen stark naked on the public sidewalk waiting for their ride.
"I shouldn't have painted it so big. It's given you a swelled head."
Gwen smiled.
"I'm sorry I put you through this." Lydia touched Gwen's chin and turned Gwen's face to see her eyes.
"I might be sorry tomorrow," Gwen speculated, "but right now, I'm so wet I'm ruining your art."
"We'll get you home and clean you up."
"What if I want to get dirty?" Gwen looked up at Lydia.
"Take my shirt again," Lydia replied as she unbuttoned.
~~~~~ ~~~~~
Gwen masturbated in the shower. She slept naked and masturbated on the futon in the morning with eyes locked on the closed bedroom door. Sated, she pulled herself together and rode the bus to her next therapy appointment as if nothing at all remarkable happened over the preceding 24 hours.
Lydia didn't raise the subject at dinner, so Gwen blurted, "It feels like it was all a dream bordering on nightmare that still fills my stomach with butterflies. I keep rethinking the thoughts and feeling the sensations."
"What were the thoughts and sensations?"
"You know that feeling when you climbed a rope in gym class? The elongated muscles almost like a sprain but good?"
"For me, it was hanging from a tree branch," Lydia reminisced. "When did it feel like that?"
"While I was sitting - It was intense. I didn't dare move or ruin it. Then Dianna made me stand, and my skin tingled. Right before those men touched me, the anticipation - like the moment before a lover spreads me open for the first time."
Lydia grinned. "What were your thoughts through all that?"
"I never dreamed of standing naked in a crowd of clothed people. And suddenly, it was a non-issue - a letdown. I half forgot I was naked. All those people are so interesting."
"That's what my other models tell me. I'm jealous they get paid to nap while I paint. I forget they're naked and focus on the work."
"I mean, customers at work look at my chest, but I'm busy. I'm not really showing anything. I almost don't notice. And when the other girls get better tips, I feel small. But last night, I felt desired - or no - that's not it - I felt like I wasn't displaying my body - I was displaying something more intimate."
"I don't understand." Lydia searched Gwen's eyes.
"So, like - everyone has a body, and mine is cute but not exceptional. People looking at my body - looking at the thing that is my body - doesn't much arouse me. But last night wasn't like that by the end. I felt like they were looking at a shameful kinky erotic part of my soul. It was embarrassing but deeply affirming."
"It boosted your ego?" Lydia looked confused.
"It was the opposite. It enflamed my Id, the animal part of my personality that demands lots of sex and wants to eat my weight in chocolate. Most of the time, my ego wrestles my Id into sulking submission. Last night, my Id sat on my ego's face and made it eat me out."
"Wow. Just wow." Lydia accepted.
They sat in silence eating green beans with spicy soy sauce and almonds.
"I owe you a second session," Gwen reminded. "What's next?"
"I talked about it with some friends this morning. One is a Theater professor. He specializes in costume design and hosts a Halloween party every year for a select cadre of favorite students. I expect the costumes are impressive. Anyway, we talked about how long my paintings take because he might hire me for a production that's still in the planning stage. He invited me to paint at his party - performance art - everyone can watch the process instead of just the result."
"You want me to be your canvas?"
"You don't have to. Rent is due next week, so I can probably scrape together enough money for one of my regular models."
"I'll do it!" Gwen looked surprised by her own enthusiasm.
"In that case, I'll offer our apartment for the party. Arranging private transportation for a naked woman is more difficult that you'd think."
"You don't want me to ride the bus?"
"Would you?"
"Probably not," Gwen frowned.
~~~~~ ~~~~~
As Halloween approached, Gwen wore less and less around the apartment daring Lydia to accept her availability outside the role of canvas. Lydia never commented, but she didn't look away either.
On the morning of the day, Gwen sat naked and masturbated at the breakfast table while she sampled Lydia's favorite cereal. Lydia's door remained closed until the last moment as if Lydia had a sixth sense and emerged just in time the witness Gwen's orgasm face. Then, Gwen blushed.
They looked in each other's eyes.
"It's hotter because you're forbidden fruit," Lydia observed. "Teasing only works when it's a tease as opposed to a proposition."
"What do you mean?"
"It's the opposite of your example with chocolate. You have to resist the urge to eat all the chocolate, but you CAN eat it. What if the chocolate is right there, but you can't eat it. You're starving, but the chocolate is out of reach. I'm a famished little girl watching through the window as you feast."
"Um." Gwen paused. "Is that good or bad?"
"If I spontaneously combust, you'll know the answer."
"I'm sorry, but I'm not sorry." Gwen's expression was unreadable.
"Finish your breakfast. I have some errands and then lots to do before the guests arrive. I'll be back later."
~~~~~ ~~~~~
Gwen emerged from the bathroom naked except for her towel. Lydia ushered her to the table and boosted her onto it. Gwen stretched her legs to extend beyond the surface and reclined with her head propped on one arm. Lydia fussed to unwrap the towel. Gwen flipped and flopped until she lay bare.
Eight guests plus two residents made the apartment claustrophobic. People navigate life in costumes, and costumes invite assumptions: rich or poor, casual or formal, male or female. The costumes surrounding Gwen manufactured stark contrast between the vulnerability engendered by her nakedness and the cloth shields wielded by her guests.
Lydia's costume consisted of hair died orange and a cloth bandage around her head. Lydia's t-shirt displayed a faded print of a Van Gogh self-portrait. The guests were mostly young and mostly male even though one dressed as Liza Minnelli from the musical, "Cabaret". The most interesting costume was a hooded cloak covering its wearer from head to toe hiding face and gender. Silver embroidery formed Nordic runes, and in the center, a full length embroidered tree extended root legs suggesting something sensuously feminine. A red heart invited the eye to gaze upon the crotch between roots.
A fearsome lady pirate in long crinoline with rosy cheeks, bright lipstick, and an eye patch also displayed curly black chest hair above a bustier similar to Gwen's uniform.
Lydia consulted sketches and clasped Gwen's free hand. Lydia positioned Gwen's fingers over Gwen's vulva. Gwen retracted it, but Lydia placed the hand there again. Lydia spread Gwen's index finger and ring finger so that one lay on each side of her cleft. When the hand remained in place, Lydia commenced outlining key features of the design.
The party bumped along with plenty of drinking, joking, kissing, and teasing amongst the revelers. The variety of personalities and peculiarities evinced by only eight people made Gwen's mind vault into clumsy summersaults.
To condense time needed for painting, Lydia's sketches only depicted frilly bloomers stretching from knees to waist. The rest of the model must remain unadorned. Brush strokes tickled and soothed. A dense bloom of frills covering Gwen's fingers and vulva made her face flush and her breath ragged. Lydia lingered transforming fingers into rows of pleated edging. This necessarily blended brush stroks between Gwen's fingers and over her clitoral hood. Gwen shivered in the warm room.
Lydia lifted Gwen's legs propping one over each of Lydia's shoulders and industriously painting on Gwen' ass. To get closer for detail work, Lydia crouched. Gwen's inner thighs gripped the waiter's ears.
"They should just get started licking," the pirate suggested.
The table did not produce quite enough elevation to align Gwen's well of honey with the potential taster.
Gwen let her head loll and used the newly freed hand to caress her own neck and shoulders. Her highs gripped tighter and compelled Lydia's face lower. Gwen's arousal melted fresh paint and dripped onto the table.
Conversations continued with gossip about people not present and speculation about romantic trysts. Gwen opened her eyes and blushed from forehead to the rise of her breasts when overheard words included, "even if she doesn't cum, I may just watching this..."
Gwen emitted an animalistic groan. She seemed gripped by some form of indecision as if an angel whispered in one ear and a devil in the other. When Lydia's brush invaded to correct the flowing mess created by Gwen's body, the devil won the argument. Gwen's one hand teased her nipples, and the palm of the other ground vigorously against her center of pleasure.
"Woha," Lydia interjected as her reverie unraveled along with the intricacies of the work.
Gwen rocked her hips, and masturbated in a frenzy.
"About time! You go girl." Someone said.
Lydia stepped back draping Gwen's legs off the edge of the table leaving Gwen's spread pelvis at the edge of the table stage. Gwen encouraged the conflagration of her senses with reckless abandon.
Someone or more than one someone held Gwen gently to stabilized so she might not frig herself right off the table.
Gwen's eyes darted around the room through fluttering lids to make contact with one guest after another. She whimpered and crossed her thighs trapping the energetic hand. Her abdomen crunched causing her back to arch. Gwen seemed on the edge of self destruction.
Lydia lifted Gwen's free hand and enveloped to console the model. Gwen gazed into Lydia's unblinking eyes positioned inches above her face. As Gwen craned her neck to possibly nibble Lydia's lips, the long awaited orgasm crashed. It seemed to last forever, and when her body relaxed, tears streamed down her cheeks and puddled on the table.
"Anyone else want a fig bar from the kitchen," somebody asked?
"I'll have what she's having," another quoted.
"Are you OK," Lydia asked in a concerned or possibly shocked voice.
"Just happy," Gwen promised. Then she trembled and asserted, "I'll never do this again."
"Why!" Lydia appeared crestfallen.
"If I'm not one of your models, you can sleep with me - right?" Gwen's lips turned up, and her eyes sparkled.