Magda stuffed her hands into the pockets of her peacoat, hunching her shoulders against the chill air. The city smelled like rain and wet leaves, and the grey, post-dusk gloom of the late autumn sky threatened further precipitation soon.
Magda ducked her head as a gust of wind blew strands of her midnight black hair from her ponytail. A shiver rippled through her slender body as the cold tried to work its way through the heavy fabric of the peacoat. Brown leaves swirled on the sidewalk, and a raven perched on a telephone line squawked as she walked by below.
These days, it seemed like Magda was cold more often than not. It was as if a chill had seeped into her very bones.
It doesn't help that I'm basically wearing dental floss under this thing, she griped. Aside from her coat and high, black boots, Magda's outfit largely consisted of hoop-shaped earrings and a set of lingerie that left so little to the imagination she wasn't sure what the point of it was.
"You look perfect," Brock had said earlier in the dingy apartment he shared with Christine. Magda had spun to display the lacy, insubstantial outfit, looking critically at herself in the mirror. She didn't have much on top in the way of tits, but she had to admit the panties showed off the firm peach of her ass pretty well.
"I look like a total slut," she said. Brock just nodded his head.
"Exactly," he confirmed. "You'll fit right in." He must've seen the hesitation in her eyes, for he took a step forward, a desperate look in his puppy-dog eyes. "It's all for Christine, remember?"
Oh don't worry, I remember.
Magda could already hear the sounds of the party underway as she walked up the flagstone path that cut through the garden, heading towards the ornate front door of Hawthorne House.
It was still relatively early; the sun had only just slid below the New Haven skyline, but the bassy throb of music already emanated from the ivy-covered brick edifice of the house. The noise was somewhat at odds with the staid, stately appearance of the mansion, not to mention the well-heeled atmosphere of the neighborhood at large.
Magda shook her head as she ascended the marble steps of the portico. She wondered how the prim New Haven luminaries who'd founded Hawthorne House would have felt about a bunch of college kids drinking cheap vodka out of red plastic cups and trying to fuck each other among the sumptuous rooms of the mansion.
Red Bull is probably a real bitch to get out of the upholstery, she thought as she rapped the ornate, snake-shaped knocker against the white-painted door. So is cum.
The boy who answered her knock was young, perhaps in his sophomore year. He was dressed up in a black cape and ruffled shirt, and a set of fake plastic fangs slurred his speech. Magda resisted the urge to roll her eyes when she saw the outfit. It was clear the kid was going for recognizability, not realism.
He was already a little glassy-eyed, and the expected red cup he held smelled strongly of orange juice and alcohol. Poor sucker. Door duty was a shit job, and the neophyte members of the Skull and Bones saddled with it probably took whatever solace they could get.
"Damn girl," he said, giving Magda a once-over. "What are you supposed to be?"
She gave him a sweet smile and batted her mascara-thickened lashes at him. "Tonight," she said, "I'm part of the help."
Even in his state of increasing inebriation, the code words from the ad had the intended effect on the boy. His eyes widened, as did his fake-fanged grin.
"Yeah?" he said. "Right on, right on. Just follow me, I'll take you to Spencer."
The boy stepped aside to let her in, and as Magda entered the house she felt the kid's eyes linger on her. She could guess what he was thinking.
What kind of a girl would sign up for a job like this? Likely followed by, And if she's willing to work a shift at Hawthorne House's All Hallows Eve party, what else might she do for a bit of cash?
Once inside, the music grew loud and raucous, the party clearly in full swing. The boy led Magda through room after room, each filled with students in various states of inebriation and undress. She saw Yalies dressed in a wide variety of costumes; slutty cats, slutty angels, and a few plain old sluts thrown in to mix it up.
They drank, danced, and necked with wild abandon. She knew that Yale wasn't a cheap place to go to school, and Magda wondered what the starched-collar parents of these college kids would say if they could see their children, red-faced and shouting over a beer pong table or calling for another round of jello shots.
As she followed her guide through the house, Magda was once again struck by a strange feeling of dissonance. Hawthorne House was nice, maybe one of the nicest places Magda had even been in, aside from that summer she worked as a maid at the Continental downtown. She watched two kids making out on a loveseat carved from what looked like mahogany, the wood shaped into intricate flowers and climbing vines. The contrast seemed almost profane.
"Spencer!" her guide shouted across a crowded hallway. "Hey, Spencer! The girl who answered the ad is here!"
Several pairs of curious eyes turned towards them.
Thanks, fuck-face, Magda thought sourly. She didn't embarrass easily, and these kids probably had no idea of what the real All Hallows Eve party entailed, but still, she had her fucking dignity.
Well, maybe not a lot of that left,she admitted to herself.
"I don't think he can hear you," she shouted in the boy's ear, struggling to be heard over the thump and grind of the music. "Maybe we should get a little closer?"
The boy gave her a blank look for a moment, then comprehension dawned in his eyes and he nodded his head. "Oh yeah, that's a good idea!" he agreed.
Magda followed in his wake as he forged ahead down the packed hallway, pushing aside sweating, gyrating bodies.
Christ,she thought. Don't you have to be smart to get into Yale?
Although she couldn't see the DJ, the thump of the music sank into Magda's bones. People in the hallway danced and moved to the beat, and for a moment Magda imagined what it might be like to let go and join them.
How different would her life have been had she been born into this world, a member of the privileged class instead of just a townie? She'd had the fantasy before, but now, among those whom she'd envied, the contrast she felt was an even sharper knife.
Would he have chosen me all those nights ago if he thought I'd be missed?
Her melancholy was interrupted by a strange sight. Magda thought she saw a shadow flickering among the youthful, sweat-soaked bodies which danced in the hallway. The darkness pulsed between a girl with a beanie and a boy sipping straight from a Jagermeister bottle. Both of them were oblivious to the tenebrous form, but Magda froze in place, watching.
The shadow flickered in time to the instrumental samples in the track that blared out over the speakers; some kind of classic riff that Magda assumed she might have known if she'd been educated in the same places these people had access to.
What the fuck?
The shadow shivered and shook, reaching out with a darkling limb in Magda's direction. She got the sense that it was trying to stretch across some vast distance to be born into the world of sweating, heaving life. Was it drawn by the harsh music, desperate to hitch a ride along with one of the warm, vital bodies crowded into the passageway of the house?
She recalled something herabuelaused to say, a technique for warding away the evil eye,la Mal de Ojo.
Spit three times and turn your head, to repudiate the dead.
"Hey!" A voice drew her back to reality. "You alright?"
Magda glanced away from the shadow to look at the boy who led her through the press of bodies, but when she turned her gaze back to the space between the girl with the beanie and the Jaeger enthusiast, the darkness was gone. She shook her head, trying to clear her mind.
Focus Magda, she remonstrated herself. Christine was depending on her, after all, and it wasn't like she hadn't seen some seriously weird shit in the last few years.
"I'm fine. Where's this Spencer guy?"
Spencer turned out to be a good looking senior boy with a shock of golden-blonde hair and a jawline so sharp Magda was pretty sure she could've cut herself on it. He looked like a lacrosse player, the type of guy that wouldn't have given a girl like her a second glance in New Haven High.
Not that he's a townie himself. The boy named Spencer smelled and dressed like he came from privilege and old money, the kind that started in Europe and only intensified by long years of American investment.
For his Halloween costume, Spencer had chosen to wear a greek-style toga, with a bit of gold leaf painted on each cheek. He looked like some kind of classical statue, all hard planes, and soft, golden curls.
"Yo," the golden boy said as the sophomore in the vampire costume approached with Magda. "Why the fuck aren't you at the door?"
The kid blushed, looking embarrassed. Spencer was holding court in front of a gaggle of similarly good-looking sycophants, and clearly, Magda's guide felt awkward at interrupting them.
It's a pow-wow with the whole fucking lacrosse team, Magda thought, looking from face to handsome, well-bred face.
"It's her," her guide said by way of explanation, a whining tone entering his voice. "The girl who answered the ad. She said the password and everything."
Spencer rolled his eyes. "Fantastic, the whore is here. Do you want a fucking cookie? Now get back to the door before you miss someone. And drop that drink," he ordered, pointing at the red cup in the young man's hands. "I need you to be coherent. Remember, you will not embarrass the Skull and Bones tonight."
The sophomore blanched and set his cup down on an antique-looking end table. "You got it, Spencer," he stammered, already walking away backward, as if he could blend into the crowd packing the hallway. "You can count on me." With those final words, he turned and almost bolted, presumably scurrying back to his post.
Magda wished him well and hoped he managed to snag another drink. She'd been bullied enough by boys like Spencer to know what that was like.
"So, you're her?"
The blonde man was staring at Magda with a critical eye, as were his jockish compatriots. Go ahead and look, she challenged him silently. She undid a few buttons on her peacoat, and let the flaps of the jacket part just enough to give them all a view of the black lace of her bra. One of the boys whistled.
"Looking fine girlie," he declared, and there was a general round of agreement from the young men of Spencer's court.
Spencer just nodded. "Alright," he said. "Follow me. Let's put you to work."
Magda allowed herself to be led to a door near the back of the house. Two burly, rugby-player types stood outside of the portal, doing their best to not look overtly menacing and failing miserably. They nodded to Spencer, standing aside without comment as he opened the door.
"You ready?" the blonde boy asked her.
Ready or not, here we go.
"Yeah," she replied. "Let's do this."
I'm coming, Christine.
***
Christine had long chestnut hair that made Magda wild with envy, and an ass you could bounce a quarter off of. She and Brock were both Yale kids, although Christine was one of the rare breed of students who'd gotten into the school on merit, rather than a tide of cold, hard cash or pedigree. She came from nothing and had clawed her way out of that with only her smarts and blind ambition. Magda respected the hell out of that.
Magda had met Christine when she applied for a job at the pizzeria she worked nights at. It turned out that although Christine's scholarship was nice, it still didn't pay for everything, and the chestnut-haired girl needed to make ends meet if she was going to finish her four years in the ivy leagues and get the hell out of New Haven.
"I'm going to New York. Those Wall Street fucks won't know what hit them," she'd declared as she tossed another pie into the air.
Magda believed her. She'd never met someone quite sohungryas Christine.
Magda wasn't sure why she'd been so drawn to the other girl. She was beautiful and intelligent, sure, but there were a lot of pretty, smart women in New Haven. No, Magda suspected there was something in Christine that reminded her of who she herself had once been; vital, ambitious, and a little arrogant.
Not anymore.She'd been as good as dead inside since the dark man had stolen her away two years ago, then subsequently abandoned her on the streets of New Haven without so much as a goodbye. She hated him as much as she missed him.Stockholm Syndrome, she thought they called it.
The first time Magda met Brock was when Christine invited her back to their apartment for a threesome. Of course, Chris hadn't exactly phrased it like that.
"Just come back to the spot, have a bite, smoke a bowl, and chill. I never see you outside of work, and you won't answer my texts during the day."
Still, the moment Magda had walked into the seedy apartment and saw brown-haired Brock standing there in his tank top, Magda knew what was going to happen.
They'd smoked and eaten a shitty pizza from the restaurant that some customer never came to pick up. Of course, Magda didn't take a slice. She couldn't stand pizza anymore.
Later, they watched a movie on the couch together. Halfway through the flick, Christine had slipped her hand underneath Magda's shirt, and when she hadn't stopped her it had all been fair game after that.
The two girls had made out while Brock got hard, tearing at each other's clothes with an enthusiasm born of pent up lust and a desire to explore. Magda had fucked girls before, but she'd never been with someone quite as eager as Christine.
Nor quite so pretty.
Chris's long, chestnut hair fell in a flowing river of soft curls across her shoulders to the tops of her breasts, and Magda couldn't get over how cute the little band of freckles across the bridge of the girl's nose made her look.
With women going at each other like wildcats, it hadn't taken Brock long to reach full mast. The brown-haired boy had groaned in ecstasy as the two girls took turns on him, alternating between sucking his cock and slobbering all over his balls. Christine pushed him back onto the couch and rode him like a bucking stallion right up to the precipice of his endurance, then hopped off so that Magda could get a taste. His cock had felt nice, filling out the velvety clench of her channel, but Christine's probing tongue up her ass was what had sent her over the edge.
Afterward, covered in sweat and Brock's cum, Christine had giggled and declared that she thought the whole experience had been the beginning of a wonderful friendship.
And so it had been, Magda mused as she followed Spencer through the door, ignoring the heated looks the two football-player bouncers were giving her. Right up until the point she went missing.
Magda still remembered the look on Brock's face when he came into the pizzeria a week ago. She'd always thought he kind of looked like a labrador; a big, goofy, guileless dog of a man. But when he burst into the pie shop that night, he'd been in full kicked-puppy mode.
One look at his tear-filled eyes and Magda said, "I'm taking a break," and clocked out. She sensed something was very, very wrong.
"They took her," he'd blabbered, barely coherent. "She's gone!"
"What the fuck do you mean, 'she's gone'?"
"Those bastards at the Skull and Bones took her!"
Brock had laid it all out for her in the parking lot of the pizzeria. It turned out that Christine had more ambition than either of them expected; Brock had learned that she'd been actively courting one of Yale's storied 'secret societies,' an organization called the Skull and Bones.
Presidents, justices, and titans of industry had all held membership in the shadowy group, and despite her humble beginnings, Christine had wanted in too. To say that the Bonesmen were selective in who they accepted was an understatement, but apparently, Christine had a plan.
"There's some party on Halloween," he'd blubbered. "She volunteered to be a part of it."
That had been a week ago, and neither of them had heard from her since. Still, displaying an unexpected amount of insight, Brock had noticed an advertisement in the Yale Daily News, the premier rag among ivy-league kids in New Haven.
"Hawthorne House needs caterers to supply dessert for our All Hallow's Eve bash," it read. "Call this number, if you think you can help."
According to Brock, it was an open secret that Hawthorne House was a front for the Bonesmen. So Magda had called the number, found out what would be required of her, and signed up, all in the hope that she'd be able to learn more of what had happened to her friend.
She knew the police would be of no help. New Haven PD had a distinct incentive to protect their Yale-shaped cash cow, especially when it came to lost girls of dubious moral fiber. It was much easier to sweep that kind of thing under the rug, rather than risk a scandal that would draw the attention of the provosts and the press alike.
Christine's fate was foremost on her mind as Magda followed Spencer onto the dark staircase. As it turned downward in a lazy spiral, the fluorescent lights of the staircase gave way to incandescent bulbs spaced evenly, set into the low ceiling. The whitewashed plaster changed to rusty red brick the color of blood, and the air began to grow cold.
"How far does this basement go?" Magda wondered aloud. Spencer chuckled.
"Farther than you'd think, girl." He paused, half-turning towards her. "So, I gotta ask," he said. "Why are you doing this?"
Magda thought about her answer.
A girl is missing who has her whole life ahead of her, and I want to make sure that nothing like what happened to me two years ago is done to her.
There was no way she could tell him the truth of course, so she decided to go with what she thought he expected to hear.
"Honestly," she said, "I need the money."
Spencer shook his head, blonde hair gleaming like spun gold in the electric light.
"Always the same with you girls," he said, a condescending edge to his voice. "It's all about the cash. You know, there are more important things in life than a full wallet."
Spoken like someone who had a silver spoon jammed up their ass since they were born, she thought but kept her comments to herself. She just shrugged.
"Hard to eat self-righteousness," she couldn't resist saying.
Alright. Keep therestof your comments to yourself, puta.
Spencer frowned. "C'mon," he said. "We're almost there."
***
They walked until Magda thought they must have reached the center of the earth itself. She undid the rest of the buttons of her peacoat as if to cool her skin, and affected an air of exhaustion.
She was in excellent shape and in truth the hike down the stairs was a walk in the park for her, but Magda sensed it was best to let this perfectly coiffed and chiseled specimen of a Yale man think he held the advantage.
Out on the streets of New Haven, Magda knew that she'd be invisible to a boy like Spencer. Her clothes weren't designer-brand unless that designer was Target, and her hair usually smelled of pizza sauce and grease after a long night at the restaurant.
But now, with her eyes shadowed smoky purple and the black sheaf of her hair gleaming? A glimpse of what she wore under her peacoat was more than enough to spark the aching hunger in his eyes that she caught whenever he looked back at her, ostensibly to make sure she was keeping up.
Magda looked good tonight. That had been an important part of the plan, after all.
Finally, they came to a landing and Spencer stopped. He leaned on the balustrade and looked down at the room spread out beneath them, a satisfied smile on his face. Magda's voice caught in her throat as she stood next to him, her mind struggling to take in the scene arrayed before her.
The room was much larger than she expected. She thought of Hawthorn House above and realized that the footprint of such a place likely took up most of the area underneath the manse's grounds. The chamber was essentially a cavern, consisting of mostly rough-hewn stone walls and a smoothly polished stone floor.
Flickering images were projected on the chiseled walls of the chamber. They changed every few moments, alternating unpredictably. Magda saw an inverted cross, some kind of burning shrub, and a stuffed fox with a sprig of berries clutched in its mouth all shown in quick succession.
The images were strange and sometimes disturbing, but what drew her attention more than anything was the crowd of people writhing about the cavern floor.
"Holy shit," she whispered.
"I know, right?" Spencer asked, resting his forearms against the banister of the landing and gazing across the sea of naked humanity.
Magda looked out at an orgy of flesh. The sheer amount of people fucking was hard to fathom at first, but gradually she began to pick out details. The light was dim, the illumination provided by the flickering images projected onto the walls augmented by torches set in scones at regular intervals across the cavern.
Her eyes quickly adjusted, and Magda was able to pick out people she recognized. She observed some talking head she'd seen on the news, a political pundit of staunch family values who espoused morality in all things, reaming a squealing coed from behind while he shouted and slapped her ass until it was cherry-red.
Young men and women moved throughout the crowd carrying silver trays filled with champagne flutes. As Magda watched, one of the servers, a young man, was stopped by an older woman with silver hair and a shimmering dress of black silk. She dropped to her knees, pulled aside the flimsy loincloth the man wore, and practically inhaled his cock.
A hunger rose within Magda, and she gave a little involuntary moan. She felt her sex slicken between her legs.
"It's quite something, isn't it?" Spencer asked.
Distracted as she'd been by the spectacle unfolding below her, Magda hadn't realized he'd moved behind her. She felt his breath on her ear, and she shivered. Gooseflesh ran down her arms, and the delicate rosebuds of her nipples stiffened underneath the rough cloth of her peacoat and bra.
"I'll take you to where you're going soon enough," Spencer whispered. "But I like to get a taste of the girls first. Just to make sure I'm delivering top quality; you understand, don't you?"
Oh, I understand, you pig. Still, it was hard for her to maintain her anger when she suddenly felt so damn wet.
"Sure," she breathed, and that was good enough for the blonde man. He reached underneath her peacoat, his fingers hunting the warm moisture between her legs. When he found her pussy soaking, he chuckled. The sound of his laughter was at once humiliating and arousing, and Magda felt a little trickle of her female dew run down her inner thigh.
Ah fuck.
There was a rustling noise as Spencer pulled aside his toga, and when Magda felt the mushroom-like tip of his cock pressing into her folds, she leaned back against him, pressing the firm globes of her ass into his pelvis. He entered her while she watched the orgy below, gasping a little as he pushed into the tightness of her cunt.
"Fuck, you're soaking wet," he grunted. "You want it bad, don't you whore?"
"Yes papi," she moaned. "Give me that thick fucking dick right in my nasty hole."
In response Spencer gripped her hips with his hands and began to fuck her harder, moving to piston his cock deep inside her clutching channel. He ran his hands up her torso under her peacoat, fingers pulling at her stiff nipples through the sheer fabric of her lingerie and massaging the small swells of her breasts.
"You're so cold baby," he said as he felt the chill on her supple flesh. "Let me help you warm up a little."
The Yale man grabbed a handful of her hair and bent her over the balcony's railing, screwing into her hard and fast in full view of any who cared to look up. Magda closed her eyes and let the humiliation wash over her, knowing that as it came, so too would a special kind of feeling that only visited when she was getting properly railed.
Her jacket hung open, flapping gently like a pair of dark wings as Spencer took her roughly from behind. It must have been obstructing his view, for she felt his hands lift the fabric from her back as he pulled the coat off of her.
"What an ass," he said, a note of worshipful awe in his voice.
She felt a stinging slap as he smacked the bronze curve of her rear. He leaned in to trace the muscles of her back and the groove of her spine with his tongue, licking her skin as if she were a meal to be savored.
"Fuck me, daddy," she moaned encouragingly. "Fuck me hard!"
As Spencer began to lean into his thrusts she reached between her legs, fingers rubbing against the hooded pearl of her clit. With his cock sawing into her and her fingertips dancing on her exposed bud, Magda felt the orgasm building within her. She closed her eyes and gave herself over to the sensation.
"Uhh, ah fuck!" Magda cried like an animal in heat.
Her legs trembled as she came, and her pussy clamped down tightly as the pleasure exploded throughout her body. Spencer grunted in happy surprise behind her at the vice-like grip of her drooling love tunnel.
"God you're tight," he said, slapping her bouncing ass as he continued to rut her. "You're a greedy little cock-socket, aren't you?"
"Yes daddy," she purred. "I'm a nasty slut for you. Unf, ugh, oh FUCK!"
As she shrieked her pleasure out across the cavern a few of the participants in the orgy below took note. Drawn by her ecstatic cries, they looked to the balcony and saw Magda, bent over and being reamed from behind by the toga-clad form of Spencer.
She wasn't sure if any of the watchers actually knew the young man, but they pumped their firsts and whooped their encouragement to Spencer all the same. He grinned and waved back without breaking his pace, the sound of his balls slapping against her cunt clearly audible to Magda's ears despite the distant thump of music from the party above and the moans and cries of the orgy below.
"Alright slut," he panted, "get on your knees. It's time to give them something to really cheer about. You want to swallow my load?"
Magda felt his cock pull from the wet socket of her cunt. She turned and fell obediently to her knees.
"Of course," she replied submissively. "I'll eat up anything you need to get out of you."
Magda knew she had her role to play, and finding Christine was well worth a little bit of her dignity. Besides, the thought of this arrogant kid painting her face with jizz to the cheers of a watching crowd excited Magda in a way she hadn't felt for quite some time.
Just when you think you've done it all, she mused as she heard Spenser groan and felt the first hot spray of his seed splatter against her lips and cheek.
"Take it, you stupid townie bitch!" he shouted. "Take all that cum, you dirty whore!"
He wanted to put on a show, so Magda obliged him. She took the root of his cock from his tugging hands and pointed it at her face, making sure the strands of spunk she wanked from him plastered every inch of her pretty features. Her tongue darted out to clean her lips, and when the taste of him exploded in her mouth, Magda felt a little lightheaded.
Fuck. That's delicious.
"Holy shit," Spencer gasped, shaking the last droplets onto Magda's bra-clad chest. "You just about sucked the soul out of me there." He smiled. "Oh yeah, they're gonna love you downstairs."
Magda moved to clean herself up, trying to wipe her face clean of cum as best she could. Spencer made her stop, insisting on taking a picture of her fouled beauty with his phone before he allowed her to finish. She fully expected that the images would make their way around the lacrosse team before the week was through, but she didn't much care.
Now that Magda wasn't overwhelmed by the sight, smell, and sound of the orgy unfolding below, and she was no longer being spitted on the end of Spencer's cock, she noticed the staircase continued to wind its way downwards, heading into flickering torchlight.
"Wait," she said. "By 'downstairs,' you don't mean down there with them, do you?" she nodded to the orgiastic crowd in the cavern below the balcony.
"Nah," Spencer chuckled, shaking his head and tucking his cock back into his toga.. "We've got to go deeper, to the special room." He pointed at the descending stairway lined with flickering torches.
Deeper?Magda balked, eyeing the crowded cavern below the balcony. "There's more to this place?Just how far down did the roots of Hawthorne House sink into the New Haven soil?
"Are you scared?" he asked. He didn't seem to intend cruelty. Perhaps he was genuinely just curious. "Most girls wouldn't want to go down there."
"I'm not most girls."
Plus, you and your shithead friends have got my Christine.
"Yeah, I can see that. Alright, let's go."
***
Magda followed Spencer down the twisting staircase until they came to another landing. It seemed to the dark-haired girl that they'd entered another world, the depravity of Halloween night in New England left behind for something stranger. It was almost sepulchrally quiet at the bottom of the staircase. The only sounds Magda could hear were the crackle of the torches burning in their sconces and Spencer's breathing.
"Here we are," he said, gesturing at the doorway.
The portal was framed by twin pillars of carved limestone. The intricate carvings were painted in gold and topaz, and seemed vaguely Egyptian to Magda, although she certainly didn't consider herself an expert on that kind of thing. The tops of the columns were carved into what looked like stalks of some kind of grass, possibly wheat.
As followed Spencer through the portal into the antechamber beyond, Magda bent closer to inspect the carvings, then recoiled when she saw what they depicted. Men and women with skull-like death's heads were fornicating with beasts while winged demons watched from thrones, rivers of carnelian-colored blood painted flowing around their clawed feet.
The fuck?
The short antechamber was similarly lit and decorated, lined with fluted columns intricately carved with scenes of mayhem and depravity. Spencer watched her reaction eagerly.
"Pretty fucked up, huh?" he said with glee.
"Yeah," she replied, trying to keep her cool. "You could say that."
Damn it, Christine, what the hell have you gotten mixed up in?
"I know, right? And we're so deep down here, you could scream as loud as you wanted and no one would ever know. Anyway, this is it. Guess it's time for you to get to work."
The floor of the torchlit room beyond the antechamber was covered in sand. Three braziers were set up around the room, with thick, sweet-smelling smoke pouring out of their open tops.
A group of naked men clustered around two young women, also fully nude. They looked impatient, shifting from foot to foot as Magda watched with an air of frustrated anticipation.
What are they waiting for? Me?
Her attention went to the naked girls kneeling in the sand before the men. One of the women was a beautiful girl with braids and dark skin the color of polished onyx. The other had a head of flowing chestnut hair, the curls framing a delicate, elfin face spangled by freckles.
Christine.
Her eyes were glassy and oddly vacant, but there was no mistaking Chris. It seemed that at last, Magda had found her friend.
"I come bearing gifts, boys!" Spencer called out as he entered the room. "The third offering has arrived!"
"Finally," muttered one of the waiting men.
"Spencer, get your fucking mask on!" shouted another. He was older, with a pot-belly and a thatch of greying hair covering his chest. "Oil her slutty ass up and bring her down here so we can get started."
Magda saw that he wore a mask of scintillating green in the shape of a serpent. She took a second look around the chamber and noted that all the men seemed to be wearing animal masks of some kind. She spotted dogs, birds, and reptiles, and one which she thought might be a dragon.
"Fine, fine," Spencer grumbled, stripping off his toga and tossing the garment to the side. He reached into an alcove and withdrew a mask shaped like the head of a peacock, complete with a sharp beak and bright blue plumage.
"Alright... what did you say your name was?"
She hadn't but didn't feel like pressing the point. "Magda."
"Alright, Magda. Get naked. I'm gonna grease you up, and then you're gonna get in there, join the other whores, and do what you do best."
He pulled out a bottle of what she assumed was oil from the same alcove, then gave her an expectant look.
Magda gave a mental shrug and started to undress. It wasn't like she hadn't expected it to go like this. She eyed the strange room and the masked men.Well, maybe notexactlylike this.
When she was fully naked, Spencer poured glistening oil into his hands and began to spread the liquid over her body. Warmed by his hands the oil felt pleasant on her skin.
"Still so cold Magda?" he noted, working the oil into the most intimate places of her body. "Don't worry, I think you'll be running hot soon enough."
Thoroughly coated in oil, Magda's skin gleamed smooth and bronze in the torchlight. Despite the insanity of the situation, she felt flush with confidence. Now that she knew Christine was alive and within reach, it was as if a burden had been lifted from her shoulders.
All I have to do now is rescue her from a subterranean temple filled with creepy men in masks.How hard could that be?
At Spencer's direction, she stepped towards the group of naked people, her slender limbs sliding across her oil-slick body and making her feel surprisingly sexy. Along with the black-skinned girl, Magda saw that Christine was still staring ahead vapidly, a goofy smile on her face. She shifted in the sands she knelt in, and the sight of her beautiful tits swaying gently was undeniably erotic. Magda felt desire bloom unbidden between her legs.
"The third offering is accepted," said the snake-mask man, tugging his cock to stiffness and eyeing the dark-skinned girl hungrily. His words had a ritualistic tone to them, and once again Magda wondered what exactly the Bonesmen were playing at here.
Magda was pushed down onto her knees on the sandy floor by a man wearing a whiskered mask she thought was supposed to represent a panther. Within moments, she was surrounded by a ring of cocks, angry and hard and throbbing and pointing directly at her face.
She didn't need to be told what to do. Magda ran her hands up and down her chest to gather some of the oil, then reached out, taking a dick in each hand even as she opened her mouth to accept a third.
Magda wrapped her lips around the tip of panther-mask's cock and hollowed her cheeks, swirling her tongue around his mushroom-shaped tip while she sucked. At the same time, she started to stroke the warm male flesh she held in her hands, the oil acting as lubrication for her efforts.
One of the men knelt next pulling up his mask so he could suckle at one of her breasts. She felt the heat of his mouth around her nipple, his teeth sinking a little into her skin as he gave her a love bite. Magda squirmed at the pain but didn't ask him to stop.
"Careful," one of the other men said. "Get your mask back up."
While she stretched her jaw to take more and more of panther-mask's dick into her mouth, Magda wondered at the comment. Did these men want to preserve their anonymity that badly? She'd already seen Spencer's face; what did it matter if she saw the others?
Above the smells of wet cunt and the nutty odor of precum, the sickly-sweet scent of the smoke rolling off the braziers hit Magda's nostrils again. Magda peered through the forest of differently shaped cocks, searching for Christine in the crowd. Her friend's eyes were glassy and vacant.
What's in the smoke?she wondered. She looked closer at the masks and thought she could see small bundles of what looked like dried flowers poking out from a few of the nose holes.
Whatever it was it didn't seem to be affecting her yet, and in truth, Magda wasn't overly worried. These nights, she found that she could hold her breath for a really, really long time.
The thought almost made her laugh, but she immediately sobered when she realized what it meant for the other girls.
Oh hell no,she swore. There was no way she was going to let these fucking entitled Bonesmen drug her friend and some random woman into a gang-fuck.
"Hey," she shouted, looking up at the men surrounding her. "It's me. All of you only want me. Isn't that right? Yeah, all eyes on me."
A tremor passed through the assembled throng of masked men. A few of them shook their heads and blinked, but as one they turned their attention to Magda, leaving the other girls to kneel together unmolested at the edge of the room. The women continued to stare straight ahead, eyes fixed vacantly at some point on the column-covered wall of the chamber.
Shit, I'm glad that worked.The dark man had shown her how to use that particular gift before he'd abandoned her, but she'd never enthralled so many people at once.
Magda returned to sucking panther-mask off with renewed vigor. She would blow her way through these guys, get to Christine, and figure it all out from there. It wasn't a great plan, but it was all she had at the moment.
Magda felt the cock in her mouth twitch against her tongue, and moments later a torrent of hot spunk filled her throat. She gulped greedily, once again savoring the taste and heady smell of semen. The dark-haired girl moaned encouragingly as the man worked his hips, unloading himself into her mouth. At the same time, she heard a grunt from her right, followed by a hot splash of sticky wetness on her shoulder and arm. It seemed that one of the men she'd been stroking off had found his pleasure as well.
"Por favor, dump your loads on me boys," she begged.
"Damn guys, we've got a live one here," another man said, stepping up to take the place of panther-mask and presenting Magda his balls. She obediently slurped them into her mouth, covering them with spit and slobber and pressing her face into the heavy sack of his nuts.
"If you think my mouth is good," she said around a mouthful of testicle, "you should try my pussy. Wanna take me for a ride?"
"Shit yes," the man said. "Sit on my cock, slut."
Magda stood up as the man laid down on the sandy floor, then squatted over his cock. She gripped his base, guiding him into the sodden folds of her cunt as she lowered herself, slowly impaling her pussy on his length.
As she started to buck atop the man, her eyes met Christine's. For a moment it seemed like her chestnut-haired friend might not recognize her, then a slow, silly smile blossomed on her face.
"Oh hi Magda," she said, her voice slow and thick. "What a party, huh?" Her voice was slurred from the effects of whatever billowed from the braziers.
She seems unharmed, at least,Magda thought, but the idea of her friend being used by these men in such a way sparked a flame of rage in her heart. Her hands tightened around the throat of the man she was riding, and she began to work her hips, slamming herself down on his dick with vicious enthusiasm.
Behind his mask, the man's eyes bulged, but in a few moments, his cock was jerking and twitching inside of her, unable to resist the punishing pace she'd set. He gasped for air as he exploded inside of her pussy, his hot seed flooding her already soaked channel.
The sensation of the man coming inside of her knocked Magda out of her anger. She ground her cunt against him to milk the last of his seed from his emptied balls, then felt hands on her arms. She was manhandled off the wilting cock by a pair of men, each eager to be the one she would ride next.
"I got next bro," said one, who wore a mask fashioned into a snarling wolf.
"Nah,Igot next," replied the other, the scales of his fish head mask glinting silver in the torchlight.
The man in the snake mask settled the matter. "Don't bother taking turns, you fools," he said. "Use the bitch together."
Magda wondered at the hierarchy among the Bonesmen as fish-head laid down in the sand and pulled her on top of him reverse-cowgirl. There were masked men of all ages in the temple chamber, ranging from toned, ripped college kids to what she assumed were older alumni. It seemed that several generations of the Skull and Bones were represented at the gathering tonight.
Fish-head pressed a hand into the small of her back to brace Magda, then took his dick in his fist and guided it towards her hole. When she realized exactly which hole he intended, her eyes bugged.
"That's an exit, not an entrance-" she started to protest, but he was already slipping inside of her, his tip pushing apart the tight clench of her anus. She'd already been lubed by the oil, and his cock slid in a few inches easier than she expected it would.
"Relax and take it," fish-mask encouraged her. Magda tried, but her instinct was to resist.
"Stop trying to shit out my dick, you dumb Spanish cunt!" the man growled, taking a firm hold of the flare of Magda's hips and ramming his cock upwards. She wailed at the intense mixture of pleasure and pain.
"Where is he, girlie?" the man with the snarling-wolf mask asked.
"H-he's in my ass," she trembled her reply.
"Fuck yeah he is."
Wolf-mask knelt between his compatriot's legs and pushed Magda's knees apart. He slapped his cock against her cunt, rubbing it up and down her slit a few times before pushing it in.
Oh fuck.Magda had never taken two men inside of her at once, and she felt deliciouslyfull.She felt like they were going to split her apart, and she struggled to maintain her sanity as another orgasm was fucked from her shaking body by the pistoning cocks of the masked Bonesmen.
"Take. It. Slut." Each snarled word was punctuated by a thrust, and lost in the ecstasy, Magda wasn't sure which of the boys were speaking.
Dios.It was so wonderfully humiliating.
"Aieee!" she screamed and wailed as the tide of her orgasm burst inside of her. Her shouts of, 'You're gonna break me!' quickly turned to begging.
"Break me, break me!"
As if they could.
The man fucking her cunt pulled out and exploded all over her body, the force of his climax sending jets which painted her skin from nether lips to the tip of her chin. Heavy drips of cum ran down her pert breasts, puddling in the hollow of her chest.
The man up her ass didn't stop his rutting, and soon another boy straddled her face, slapping his cock against her lips insistently until she opened wide and took him into her mouth. Her only view was the dark thatch of the new boy's pubic hair, so she couldn't see the next man who climbed between her legs and shoved himself roughly inside of her well-lubed pussy.
Shame and humiliation blossomed in the fertile soil of her degradation, but so too did ecstasy. She wanted it hard and rough and mean. Her pussy demanded nothing less. Magda felt the lust rise within her and resisted the sudden urge to bite down on the man fucking her face.
Blood is best,the dark man had told her.But other fluids will suffice should you have no recourse.He'd said the wordfluidswith distaste, but Magda had been intrigued.
She flexed her jaw slightly and the man in her mouth winced.
"Ah! Careful you stupid slut!" He frowned at her. "You've got some sharp little teeth."
Magda just grinned up at him, and the man shrugged. "I'm close anyway. Open your whore mouth so I can use you like the cumdumpster you are."
It didn't take him long to jerk himself off onto her tongue, and when he stepped away she finally saw who had been fucking her. He wore a mask in the shape of a pig, the snout bristling with dried flowers. Despite the disguise, she would have recognized those sad little eyes of his anywhere.
"Brock?!" she exclaimed as he pumped his cock into her cunt.
"Hey Magda," he said with a shy smile. "I guess you're wondering what I'm doing here, huh?"
Her mind raced even as the sensation of the cocks invading her holes threatened to overwhelm her reason.
Why in the hell is Brock here?
"They needed three girls," he explained, slowing down his pace as he spoke. "We got Mia and Christine, but the third one vanished, and it was my job to find a last-minute replacement. I came up with the whole 'missing girl' bit and the ad in the Yale Daily."
Holy shit.And the bastard had the audacity to soundpleasedwith himself.
"It was super important they have a third girl," Brock said. "Three is a special number when it comes to these sorts of things, you know. Just like there are thirteen of us here now."
Magda thought of herabuela'sadvice for warding off evil.Spit three times.
"So I've heard," she replied, glaring at the brown-haired boy between her legs.
"Aw c'mon Magda, don't be like that," he said in the face of her anger. "You know I like both you and Chris, but this was my chance to get in good with the Skull and Bones. I'm aBonesmannow, can you believe it?" He sounded inordinately content with himself.
Brock was big, dumb, and with a trust fund as deep as the Mariana Trench. Magda was pretty sure those qualities were exactly why social-climbing Christine had picked him in the first place, and for all her cleverness, it seemed that Chris had made a mistake. Brock wasn't quite as guileless as he seemed.
"C'mon," he said, beginning to stand up with the intent of pulling her off the cock embedded in her ass. "I wanna cum on your face while you make out with Chris."
"I bet you do, big guy," Magda said, working her hips and swallowing the cocks invading both her holes. She grabbed Brock by the shoulders and held him inside of her with surprising strength. "But how about you just concentrate on me for now. Don't you think I look pretty, getting double-stuffed?"
***
Hours and countless spurting, squirting orgasms later, the three girls knelt in a line in the sand as the man in the snake mask chanted words over a brazier. He held a curved knife in one hand and spoke words in a language that Magda didn't understand.
Both Christine and the other girl, Mia, sat next to Magda with the same placid, doe-eyed looks on their faces. Although naked, they had been completely left out of the gangbang, almost as if the Bonesmen had forgotten they were there.
Magda, on the other hand, was absolutely plastered with drying cum, spit, and god-knew what else. She'd been plowed by so many different cocks that she felt like a merry-go-round the men had all taken turns riding. The black-haired girl had lost track of the depravity she'd been put through. The world had blended into a torrent of ecstatic sensation, warm cum, and the scent of fresh fucking.
Still, she felt energized rather than exhausted.
Finally, when all the men had spent themselves upon or within her willing female flesh, the Bonesmen ordered the girls into a line on their knees and had begun their strange chanting.
Magda got the sense that the ritual was coming to an end, and given the wicked sharpness of the knife and the pliant, cow-like state the other two women were in, she didn't imagine it was going to end pleasantly for them.
Spit three times, querida.
The words of herabuelacame to her then as she watched the robe-clad man in the snake mask finish speaking and approach the kneeling women. The firelight flickered like gold on the edge of the knife he held in his hand.
Her poorabuela. She had meant well, but she should have known a little superstition wasn't enough to keep the real darkness at bay. It hadn't worked for Magda two years ago when the dark man had come for her and changed everything, and she was damn sure it wouldn't work now on the Bonesman who was approached across the sand. Through the holes in the mask, Magda could see murder in his eyes, and her thoughts turned to the boy who'd betrayed both her and Chris.
Brock, you son of a bitch.
She could almost forgive him sellingherout; she was just a townie, after all, and New Haven was filled with disposable girls like her. But Christine? She was one in a million, and the fact that Brock had been willing to sacrifice someone like that on the altar of his own greed irritated the shit out of Magda.
Those thoughts fled as the snake-masked man approached. Magda didn't know what she felt; it wasn't fear exactly. More like anticipation. She'd wanted to know what the ultimate goal of the night would be, what the culmination of the ritual the Skull and Bones performed would require. Now, it seemed she had her answer.
The knife was so sharp that there was barely any pain at all as it slid into her bare chest. Evidently, the man in the snake mask knew his grim business, for Magda felt the blade make its way unerringly toward her heart. She gasped as she felt the cold metal sink deep. She remained on her knees and looked up at him with wide, dark eyes, a wicked parody of the way she'd gazed at the men she'd sucked off earlier as she knelt in the circle of their bristling cocks.
Snake-mask stared at her, perhaps expecting Magda to cry out or slump to the ground. When she did neither, confusion replaced the bloodlust in his eyes.
"Uh," Brock said from the edge of the circle where he watched along with the rest of the Bonesmen. He tugged at his pig-shaped mask. "Shouldn't there be more... blood, or something?"
He seemed disappointed to not be getting the grisly show he'd been promised.
"Don't worry," said Magda, rising to her feet and pulling the knife from her chest. The weapon made a horrid sucking noise as she tugged it free. "There will be."
She felt her teeth lengthen in her mouth and she smiled a wide, predatory grin. When the man in the snake mask saw her fangs, he took a step back.
"I hear that this room is so deep underground, you could scream as loud as you wanted and no one would ever know," she growled. "Wanna find out?"
"Oh, shit," was all he had time to say, and then she was upon him.
***
Magda sat on the front steps of her shitty apartment smoking a cigarette. Her face, hands, and a large portion of her body was smeared with the drying blood of the Bonesmen from the ritual room, but it was Halloween. Everyone was expected to look a little sketchy tonight.
"Don't worry, it's all fake," she'd said to the staring college kids as she helped Christine and the girl with the braids through the lavish rooms of the mansion. "And these two have had a bit too much to drink, you know how it is amirite? Gotta get 'em home."
With her strength and vigor, it was easy for Magda to manhandle the girls into a cab. After the visit from the dark man two years ago, a lot of things had become easier. Picking up two insensate coeds was a piece of cake for her now.
'Course,she mused as she took a long drag of the cigarette.A lot of things got harder too. Like getting a tan, for one.
Dawn was fast approaching. She'd been able to feel it coming ever since the dark man had changed her. Its presence was a ball of fire that she instinctively knew spelled doom for her and any who were like her. She didn't need some shitty horror movie to tell her that greeting the sunrise would mean her end.
Magda threw the butt in a coffee can on the stoop and rose to her feet, stretching. Christine and the other girl, Mia, were sleeping inside her apartment, and Magda knew that she couldn't be there when they woke. They would have questions of the kind that she wouldn't be able to answer, at least not in the daylight.
That was alright; before he'd left, the dark man had told her it was important to have options. You never knew when you might need another place to wait out the day. There was an abandoned warehouse by the West River that would do just fine.
Magda decided to leave figuring out just what the hell she was going to tell the girls as a problem for tomorrow night. Right now, she just wanted to rest.
She looked up at the window of her apartment, beyond which she knew Chris slept safe and sound. Magda smiled.
You did a good thing tonight,she told herself, although she thought the Skull and Bones probably wouldn't agree. The memory of Brock begging for mercy warmed her cold, unliving heart, though she knew there would probably be consequences for her actions. You didn't give an organization like the Skull and Bones a black eye without bracing for a counterpunch.
Before she turned away from the apartment to lope off into the night towards West River, Magda turned and spat three times on the pavement.
Alright abuela,she thought.Maybe a little superstition won't hurt.