I got home late to my apartment and threw my backpack on the couch, not even bothering to turn on the lights. The N train had been an absolute nightmare and my building's elevator was out of order, forcing me to walk up the 12 flights of stairs to my humble studio. It was a small New York hovel, but the biggest appeal was the giant floor to ceiling windows, which looked out onto the street below and directly into the apartment building across the way. During the day I enjoyed the natural light and at night I enjoyed peering into the lit windows of the apartments, some could say I was bit of a voyeur but I preferred the term "naturally curious".
I walked over to the windows and stretched my hands up to the sky. I reached up and felt the weight of my breasts as the straps of my bra dug into my shoulders. Feeling hidden in my dark apartment I stripped off my shirt in front of the window, my black lacey bra quickly following after, with my heavy breasts dropping with a satisfying jiggle, my nipples hardening in the cool apartment air. I surveyed the outside world enjoying the freedom of being topless and the thrill of standing nude by my large window, even though I was safely shrouded in darkness.
As I looked across the way I saw an apartment light flick on and inside stood the most gorgeous man. This particular spot had been vacant for some time so he must be a new tenant. I was amused to notice that he entered his apartment almost exactly as I. He threw down his stuff and walked over to the window and stretched, taking of his shirt as he reached up. Even from this distance I could see how attractive he was, his brown hair became effortlessly tousled as he lifted off his tee and as he stretched up I could see his strong biceps and his tight abdomen that led down into a v. I followed his V down with my eyes, and as if on cue, he removed his pants until he was standing in his boxer briefs.
My breath hitched and my heart beat a little faster. I hadn't realized how turned on I had become, but as I looked at his briefs I could begin to feel a warmth spread between my thighs. The outline of his hard penis was pressing against the gray fabric of his underwear and I ached to see it free . When I pulled my eyes away from his crotch to glance up I gasped and my heart almost stopped. His eyes were piercing right at me. For I second I froze in place afraid to move, suddenly feeling vulnerable in my topless state. Could he see me? There's no way, my apartment is pitch black inside...but perhaps the light from the streets illuminated me enough for someone to peer in. Holding his gaze I slowly brought my hand up and pointed to myself as if to say "can you see me?" When he smiled and nodded back I could feel my pussy pulsing, my nipples at full attention. I was so embarrassed! But so so turned on.
His eyes traced my body down and landed on my black skirt. I took a few deep breaths and put my fingers in the waistband and slowly tugged the skirt down, he smiled and put his hand on his briefs as he rubbed the outline of his dick through the fabric. I let the skirt drop to reveal my black lacy thong. Enjoying his hungry eyes on me. In a moment of bravery I turned and presented my ass in full view, swaying my hips, taking a quick moment to run my hand along my pussy, feeling the wet fabric and moaning as I grinded into my hand with my gyrating hips.
When I turned back around I was delighted to see my mystery man fully naked, stroking his hard penis, clearly enjoying my little show. I lifted up my breasts with each hand and pressed them against the full window. I could see his mouth open into an obvious groan and he began to stroke faster. With one hand bracing against the window, my other hand quickly went under my thong, jealous that he was having all the fun and I whimpered as my index finger found my clit and circled it in small tantalizing motions. My eyes locked on his dick as I breathed, my breasts heaving and pressed against the window. I was quickly bringing to myself to a climax and it was clear that he wasn't far behind. I moaned in ecstasy as I felt an intense warmth gather between my thighs I was so close.
In my final moments I tore my gaze away from his bulging dick and locked eyes with him, as I held his intense stare I was pushed over the edge and yelled out in ecstasy as the wave crashed over my body and I shook against the window in an intense orgasm, my eyes shut tight as I felt the fireworks burst behind my eyelids. After a few breaths I began to come down from my high and opened my eyes to see mystery man leaning with his hand against the window breathing heavily. The remnants of his orgasm plastered onto the window. We looked at each other, both panting and basking in the afterglow when I suddenly found myself laughing with wonder at what had just happened, my embarrassment long forgotten. He cracked a smile and winked at me then quickly ran into another room. I was satisfied that our late night session had come to an end and began picking up the remnants of my fallen clothing to put in the hamper when I saw he had rushed back to the window and slammed a sheet of paper against it. In dark black marker it said "Apt 12B". I couldn't help but break into a smile and panned to his face only to see him smiling back with a sexy mischievous grin.