All parties are over 18 years old and is a mix of truth and fiction. Please keep any snarky comments to yourselves.
If you've read "Who was I in Love with?" this continues the tale of my girlfriend, Donna, and I, Alex, exploring our relationship boundaries and expanding our sexual horizons. That story contained a gangbang/train and interracial sex. I was a freshman at the University of Florida in Gainesville and Donna was a high school senior in Miami. The year was 1971.
Part I
Thanksgiving break arrived and I headed home to South Miami to spend the long weekend with my family and my girlfriend, Donna. I took all the photo sets from that October weekend with me. I already knew that my girlfriend was a tease and a bit of an exhibitionist, but Donna's slutty side was released during the visit when she experienced her first gangbang and her first black lovers. The pictures captured all her naughty behavior that weekend. The University would inspect the dorms on breaks, and I did not want those found. I also took the pot I had. We were paranoid they had dogs sniffing the rooms for drugs back then. Ha!
I had no classes scheduled for Wednesday, so I beat a hasty retreat from Gainesville on Tuesday early afternoon. I caught a ride with mutual friends of a dorm mate, Mike, that also lived in South Miami. They dropped me off at the last exit of the Florida Turnpike as they weren't driving all the way down my way. Donna had just gotten off work at the car dealership and met me there just before 8PM. It gave us a chance to be alone before she drove me to my parent's home, who were expecting me.
It felt great to be back with Donna. Hugging and kissing, I smelled her hair and light perfume and enjoyed feeling her soft body next to mine. We shared many wet passionate kisses. Just coming from work, she wore a flower covered black and white sundress held up by wide shoulder straps and with big black buttons from top to bottom. She wasn't wearing a bra and had unbuttoned the top two buttons to the dress giving me tantalizing side peaks at her small white breasts. She had also unbuttoned the bottom couple of buttons allowing me to see high up her thighs as she drove.
"Did you dress like this for work?", I asked with a grin as we began the drive south. I know she liked to tease.
She winked at me and asked, "What if I did?"
"Then the old guys got quite a show," I said, as I reached over and slid my hand under the top of her dress and cupped her right breast and played with her nipple. "They'd kill to see you in the pictures I brought for you."
The "old guys" were in their 30's to 60's. They liked having a 18-year-old tease at the reception desk at the car dealership she worked at part-time. Donna had related stories to me about how they liked hanging out at her desk where she would flash them her panty covered ass and pussy in her miniskirts and the lecherous comments they'd make. Who could blame them?
"No, I wore my bra to work. I took it off when I got to the car, just for you. Do you like?", she said with a little shake of her shoulders.
"I like. A lot!", I replied.
"Mmmmm," Donna moaned as I played with her breast. "They'd have a heart attack if they saw me naked. Imagine if they saw me fucking a black guy? They would freak!"
My cock grew stiffer as I rolled her nipple between my fingers.
"You better stop that, or I may wreck the car.", she replied. Continuing she added, "I'm going to take us to our spot down be the bay, baby." She broke some speed limits getting us there...
Once she parked in a dark turnoff in the jungle, we both climbed into the back seat, and she reached for my belt. Unfastening it, she unzipped my jeans tugging them off my hips as I lifted myself off the seat. She took my cock (5-6 inches and thick) in her small hands and kissed the head. She pulled back to look at it and a small strand of precum stretched from her bottom lip to my dick. Holding it in her hand she began a tortuous tease of by rubbing the tip of my cock with the palm of her hand using the precum as a lubricant.
"Oooh, does baby like it when I do this?", she cooed. "It looks like somebody missed me." She continued talking and teasing me like this for a full minute.
I squirmed in my seat hoping she'd stop the torture and lock her lips around my cock. Instead, she stopped long enough to sit up and unbutton and remove her dress. Now clad only in small white bikini panties, I took in the sight provided by the dome light of the car. She was a beautiful and sexy girl.
She pulled me in for a long tongue kiss as I stroked her body and slipped my hand in the top of her panties. My fingers slid into a very wet pussy. I began to finger her and rub her clit, using her natural lubricant. The car began to fill with the scent of her light perfume, her aroused pussy and her moans.
"Donna, we don't have time to do this right now. My folks are expecting me soon.", I said reluctantly, as I extracted my fingers from her cunt. "God, you know I want to make love to you, but I can't walk into the house smelling like sex."
"But Alex, we haven't seen each other in over a month," she pleaded, "I want you so bad."
I said, "I want you bad too, baby. We have four days before I leave again. We'll make love tomorrow, I promise.'
"I know a lot of guys who would love to fuck me right now!", she said angrily. "They'd make love to me and smell like me and wear it like a fuckin' badge! Your buddies in the dorm would love to have another chance at me!" She was mad.
"Donna", I began, "Let's not fight. I want you and you know it. We'll have our opportunities. I'll make sure of that!"
Reaching between her legs she dipped three fingers in her pussy and brought them up to my face. She proceeded to wipe her wet sticky fingers on my upper lip, saying, "Let's see if your mom smells this when she kisses you when you get home. I know you will." She sat back and said, "OK, but you owe me! I don't care what others think about us. I'm not going to leave you with a case of blue balls, though."
She took my dick in her hand and began giving me a hand job. When I was close to cumming she put her mouth over the head of my dick. She took the first blast in her mouth and swallowed. The rest of my pent-up ejaculate was directed over her breasts and stomach.
"I WANT to smell like you.", she spat, rubbing my cum on her skin using my penis as an applicator. Donna and I got dressed and she drove me the remaining mile to my home.
We planned that she would come by after school tomorrow to see my mom and then go to work. After work we were going to dinner at a new restaurant in the area we wanted to try. Giving me a huge kiss, she said she was looking forward to our date. She drove off leaving me, with my suitcase, at my parent's door.
Mom, Dad and my brother, John, came to the front door as I announced my arrival. Mom gave me a big hug and kissed me on the cheek. She gave no sign that she smelled Donna on me. Donna was all I could smell or think of at that moment. I excused myself to go to the bathroom where I washed my hands, still covered in the scent of her cunt. I didn't wash my face. I wanted to fall asleep with her smell on me as I anticipated our date the next day. Unpacking my suitcase, the pictures remained safely hidden under the lining of the bag.
Wednesday morning, I spent the lounging by the pool not burdened with the need to go to classes or study for the long weekend. My younger brother, John, a classmate of Donna's, was at school, Dad was at work. Mom and I chatted as we caught up on what was going on with me at school and her life. This was the first time I'd been home since I went to school in late August.
My dad had risen to a Vice President of a multi-national corporation, and we were enjoying the fruits of his labor in an upper middle-class neighborhood where many homes had backyard pools. Ours was mostly hidden from neighbors by hedges planted around the perimeter of the yard. The pool was completely screened in. It was accessed through sliding glass doors from the breakfast room, family room, my parent's room and a door to a bathroom. You could also enter the pool area through a screen door that led to the side yard and driveway.
My friend Larry came by at 11am. Larry was my age and graduated when I did in June. He didn't go to right to college but had stayed home and worked as an assistant manager at a local movie theater. Mom liked Larry and hadn't seen him since I had left. She asked many questions about what he'd been doing the past three months. My mom made us some sandwiches and we all ate lunch together by the pool before Mom went back in the house leaving Larry and I to talk.
"I gotta ask," Larry started, "are you a stud or something? Brian and I went to the beach with Donna and Nancy a week after her trip to see you and she was laughing and telling us how sore she still was "down there" from her visit. Did you guys ever leave the bed?" Nancy was Donna's best gal pal and the Brian, Nancy and Donna had been BFFs now for several years.
I laughed and said, "If you only knew and I'm not telling. She does like sex."
Larry said, "I know! I've never known a girl that is so open about it. She drives us crazy talking about it. She'll tell us what you two do. It's like hearing a guy brag about it. And the way she teases us.... You have your hands full with her, Alex."
Donna got off school at 1pm due to three split shifts at the overcrowded high school. Since my house was between school and her work she stopped by for a quick hello. She arrived wearing hot pants and a knit top and walked around to the screen door, knowing that she would probably find us by the pool.
Crossing the pool deck she skipped up to me and planted a big kiss on my lips as we held a long hug, our bodies pressed together. She gave Larry a hug and a quick kiss on the cheek. She went into the house to say hello to my mom. She was gone ten minutes and then reappeared.
Larry, Donna and I hung out for about half an hour before Donna had to go home to change for work at 3pm. She would get off at 7pm and then come back to pick me up for our dinner date.
As we got up, Donna looked around at the all the windows to make sure my mom wasn't watching. We were hugging goodbye when she reached her hand down the front of my swim trunks and began fondling my cock and said, "Remember, you owe me tonight."
Larry's eyes got large as he witnessed her hand in my pants. He was grinning widely when she pulled her hand out of my trunks and then walked over and gave him a hug. She smiled and winked at me as she looked down at the outline of the erection in Larry's trunks, caused by her actions. She gave Larry's cock a squeeze. I just hoped my mom didn't see any of it...
Donna left through the screen door and turning to say, "Don't forget the pictures."
Larry and I stared at her tight ass as she walked away.
Larry said, "Damn! I can't believe she just did that! What pictures was she talking about? Is she naked? I want to see them!"
I thought about getting the pictures and showing her at her sluttiest, but then thought better of it. No need having that story getting back to the school if he told Brian. I was already wondering how much she shared with, Nancy.
"Maybe another day," I replied. "A girl's got to have some secrets."
Larry left at 3PM to go home to shower and change for his job at the theater, but not before he asked several more times to see the pictures that Donna mentioned. I went to my room and shut the door. I masturbated looking at the photos and thinking about making love to Donna on our date later. Afterwards, I slipped out of the house and hid the envelope with her copies of the pictures in dense shrubs in front of the house near the driveway.