You walk me through the hotel corridor, a hand on the back of my neck directing me forward. I'm barely paying attention to where we're going because I'm too busy focusing on the constant whirring of the vibrator inside my pussy. You turned it on to full power before slipping it inside me and I'm struggling to keep a normal expression.
We reach a lift at the end of the corridor and a telltale ping opens its doors. You lead me inside where a woman is already standing, scrolling through something on her phone. She doesn't seem to notice my discomfort, or your hand on my neck. You press the button for our floor and then we stand behind the woman so her back is to us.
She doesn't notice as you pull down my top so that my tits spill out of it. I have to bite my lip to keep from moaning as your fingers close around one of my nipples and you pinch hard. My back arches, but a light squeeze from your hand on my neck holds me still. You twist my nipple and I close my eyes, trying to keep quiet. It's so hard when your torturous fingers are pulling and twisting and teasing.
I know you'd tell me to control myself if we could speak right now, so I try my best. It's much harder when you lean down and bite my tit, your teeth digging into my skin. I can feel your teeth bruising me. It hurts but feels so good at the same time.
It's almost like you're daring me to make a sound, daring me to reveal our situation to the unsuspecting woman in the lift with us. It's almost like you want her to turn around and see what a slut I am. My hands ball into fists as I try to keep myself from making any noise.
The lift comes to a stop and my eyes flash open, panicking slightly that someone will step into the lift and see us. I hold my breath as the doors open and I am relieved to find no one there. The woman gets out, not turning to see us as she leaves the lift; not noticing that my bare tits are hanging out for anyone to see. I breathe a sigh of relief as the doors close again.
'You were a good girl at keeping quiet,' you say, your mouth leaving my skin.
Then you pull my top up to cover my tits and we say nothing until we're out of the lift.
'Next time I'm going to make you ask the woman if she wants to join us.'
I look at you and whisper, 'Yes Master.'
You lead me forward and toward our room. Once we're inside you tell me to strip, and I quickly peel off my dress. You never let me wear underwear so I'm soon naked before you. I watch as you take a seat on the bed and tell me to come to you.
'Turn around, slut,' you say, when I'm right in front of you.
I do, and you take hold of my arms, tying them behind my back with the scarf you instructed me to bring. Before I can even think about what you're going to do next, you bend me over your lap so that only my tiptoes are still touching the ground. It's a familiar position, one that I crave. My pussy is dripping wet with the anticipation of what you're about to do to me. You rub your hand lightly over my arse before slapping down hard. I moan, flinching slightly out of surprise.
'I think it's time we bruise that arse of yours, don't you?' you say.
'Yes, Master,' I reply.
'You're going to thank me every time I hit you, do you understand, slut?'
'Yes, Master,' I nod.
Your hand slaps down again, leaving a bright red handprint on my pale skin.
'Thank you, Master.'
You hit me again, harder.
'Thank you, Master.'
You keep hitting me, and I keep moaning and thanking you, until you're satisfied that my arse is red and bruising enough. With that, you pull me off of you and place me face down on the bed.
'Don't move; we're not done yet, slut.'
I moan into the bed. I hear you move back and start doing something. I have no idea what you're going to use next, but I have a wonderful feeling that it's going to hurt. I so love it when you hurt me... You undo your belt and pull it from around you. Without warning you whip it against my skin sharply, and a loud slap of leather on skin rings out. I can't help but cry out and flinch at the sharpness.
You hit me again, the belt slapping harder against my arse and say, 'Say thank you, slut.'
'Sorry, Master, thank you,' I say with a heavy breath.
Your belt smacks against my arse again and again, and I keep thanking you though my voice is getting weaker and more strained as I get lost in the pain you're giving me. You watch as with every hit more dark red lines appear on my arse. I'm trying to force myself to keep from squirming, but it's so hard.
Welts start to show up after a few more hits. You only stop when a few of your hits break the skin though. I haven't been able to stop moaning and mumbling thank you as you hit me. You roll me over on the bed and I groan as my arse touches the material.
'It hurts...' I moan, looking up at you 'but it's so good...'
'Let's see how good,' you reply as your hand moves to my pussy.
You find my pussy wet and slide the buzzing vibrator out of me and quickly replace it with three of you fingers. I moan as your fingers fill me up, and you stretch my pussy slightly. You slide your fingers in and out of me torturously slowly. I can't stop myself from raising my hips to meet the rhythmic thrusting of your fingers. With your free hand you push me down, holding me against the bed.
'Stay still.'
'Yes Master,' I gasp.
That's when you start pushing a fourth finger into my soaking pussy. I moan loudly as you start stretching me open even wider. I feel so full...
'I'm going to get my fist inside you, slut.'
'Oh please, Master,' I moan, spreading my legs wider for you. 'Please...'
'Good girl,' you say as you start to push your thumb into me.
My back arches and I can't stop myself from crying out loudly, so loudly that you have to put your hand over my mouth. It takes a lot of pushing and near-crying on my part before your entire fist pops inside my pussy. And that's when I pass out from the intense pain and pleasure you're giving me.