Ever since Evan and I fucked in the conference room we have been taking little risks here and there at the office. Sometimes I'll give him a quick BJ in the supply room and sometimes we'll have a quickie in the building stairwell as it is always empty. One night while sitting on my couch at home I get a text from him.
Evan: I have a really kinky idea
Me: Yeah?
Evan: You're off tomorrow, right?
Me: Yup. Going to the dentist. Why?
Evan: Well, any way you can reschedule and keep the day off?
Me: Why?
Evan: It would be so amazing if you were under my desk naked all day
Me: You're crazy
Evan: I know, but it would be so hot
Evan: Plus, if you're not supposed to be there no one will be looking for you
Me: It would, but I don't know how that would work. Someone will see me
Evan: If you get there early there's a good chance you can sneak in
Me: I dunno...
Evan: Just think about how risky and fun it would be
Me: ...
Me: What about Paul?
Evan: He is traveling tomorrow. Won't be in
Evan: You know you want to
Me: OK, I'll do it. But you owe me
Evan: You'll be the one thanking me
Evan: I want you to leave your house and come wearing nothing but that short beige trench coat. No shoes, jewelry, nothing except the coat
Me: Yes sir
Evan: I'll be there early. Come in around 8:45
Evan: You're the best
Me: I know :)
I start to think about how insane it is and if I can really get away with it. I justify it to myself that if no one expects me there it should be fine. Evan will be the lookout. He sits in a cube area with Paul and two empty desks. If Paul isn't there no one would see unless they came into his cube area. Before going to sleep I finger myself to a big orgasm thinking about what's to come.
I wake up to my alarm, hop out of bed, and take a shower. After the shower I eat, naked of course. I then grab my beige trench coat to put on and have a thought - I am going to drive over completely naked. My car is in the garage and my windows are lightly tinted so no one can really see in. I go to my car, throw the coat in the backseat and am on my way.
On the drive to the office I can't help but finger myself, the cars around me adding to my excitement. I hold off on an orgasm as I want to be horny for as long as possible. I have never driven completely naked before and absolutely love it. I will be doing it again!
I park my car a little further away so no one sees it, just in case, and message Evan.
Me: Here. Am I good to come up?
Evan: Yeah, no one here except Mike on the other side of the office
Me: Be right up
I put the coat on, get out of my car, and feel the hot pavement on my bare feet, realizing how close to naked I really am. I head up the stairs and into the office. Looking around, I don't see anyone. I walk over to Evan's cube. He looks at me and smiles. He stands up and kisses me, putting his hands under the back of my coat, grabbing my ass.
"So what's the plan," I ask.
"Well, how about you take that coat off and climb under my desk?"
"So right to it, huh?"
"Might as well before someone comes in."
"Good point," I say.
I take off my coat, hand it to him with a smile and crawl under his desk. I see him walking away.
"I'll be right back," he says.
"Where are you going with my coat?"
"It'll be so hot if you don't have any access to it. I'm gonna go hide it."
With that he just walks away before I can argue. I am sitting under his desk in the middle of the office and my only article of clothing has just been taken far away from me. While I am getting hornier and hornier I can't help but get nervous.
After a minute Evan returns, nothing in hand, and sits in his chair.
"Now we're ready for the day," he says with a smile.
I look up at him and just shake my head.
"We better not get caught," I tell him
"Don't worry; I'll keep an eye out."
With that I see him unzip his pants and pull out his dick. I instantly grab it and start licking. I then start to suck. I know what I am here for. I can hear people coming into the office and talking, and it hits me how crazy this is.
After a couple of minutes he tells me he's about to cum. I get as low as I can and let him go all over my face and in my hair. It feels like a ton. He always has huge loads for me, and I love it.
When he's done he rolls back his chair and looks at me. He points his phone to snap a picture so I give him a big cum-covered smile and two thumbs up.
"God, that was amazing," he tells me. "I want you to leave it on for the rest of the day. You are not allowed to touch your face until you get home."
"Yes sir," I state.
He gets up and tells me he has to go to the bathroom. Here I am, just hanging out under his desk at work, naked as the day I was born and covered in cum while my co-workers are just going about their day around me without the slightest idea. This thought gets me so horny that I start to finger myself and in no time at all I cum. As I am coming down from my orgasm Evan walks up and sees me.
"I see you're enjoying this too. Next time wait for me to watch that."
"Yes sir."
"I have to get a few things done, but I want your mouth on my dick or licking it at all times until I tell you to stop. Understood?"
"Yes sir."
"Good girl."
He sits down, pulls his dick out and starts typing on his computer. As he sits back and scoots his seat closer to me I take him into my mouth and start to slowly bob up and down while alternating licking all around his shaft. After a while I hear a co-worker of ours, Jackie, walk right up to his desk and ask him about some client. I take this as a cue to raise the stakes. At first I continue slowly then I deep throat his entire 8 inches, leaving it for about thirty seconds while he talks to her. I can only imagine what's going through his head. After a minute she walks away and he looks down with a smile.
"That was mean."
"Don't tell me you didn't enjoy it," I say while leaving his dick in my mouth as instructed.
"Oh, I did, trust me."
As time goes by I alternate between going fast, slow, and deep throating him. He tells me to stop every so often for about thirty minutes, just leaving me without anything to do, not even talking to me. Lunch time comes and he looks down.
"Hungry?"
"Yes," I tell him.
"I'm going to grab a sandwich, I'll grab you one too."
"Thanks, I guess I'll just wait here," I say with a smile.
While he is gone I just lie on the ground and start fondling myself. I move my hand down and start to rub my clit. After two minutes I feel an orgasm coming, but wait as instructed. The office is dead silent so I decide to take a little risk and pop out from under the desk. I get out and stand up slowly. As I rise I don't see anyone at all so I step out into the middle of Evan's cube area. I can't believe I'm naked in the middle of my office! After a minute I decide I've tempted fate enough and crawl back under the desk. When Evan arrives back I tell him I need to cum and have been waiting.
"Go ahead," he says, while filming me on his phone.
I continue and after no time I am shaking with a violent orgasm. Evan sits down and hands me a sandwich and chips. I set it on the floor, unwrap it, and eat it while cross legged. Another thing I never thought I'd be doing at work, eating a sandwich off the floor, naked under a desk, covered in cum to boot. I finish eating and throw the wrappers in the garbage, conveniently right next to me.
"I have an idea," Evan says.
"Oh boy, what is it," I ask.
"Come out here."
"What? What if someone sees," I ask, not mentioning my little test earlier.
"No one's here, they're all out at lunch. I can see everything clearly.
"Are you sure," I ask.
"Yes, positive. Come out and sit on my lap. I want to fuck your ass right now."
"Blunt," I state.
I crawl out, stand up again, and then sit on top of him. I start to kiss him while teasing his dick against my pussy.
"Ok, turn around."
I do as instructed, look back, and smile at him. He lines his dick up at the entrance to my ass and starts to push. After some inching forward and letting me adjust slowly he is fully in and starts to pump in and out.
I go slow and take him to the hilt, then back up until he is almost out of me completely. I repeat this process over and over and over in the span of a few minutes. I look around and cannot believe I am having anal sex in the middle of my office in the middle of the day!
He tells me that he can see someone coming, but stays as he is, in my ass. He leans forward and sets me on my hands and knees. I crawl back under the desk, but make sure he stays in my ass as he inches his chair closer to me. I hear Jackie come back and ask some stuff about the client from earlier.
I hear him say "oh man, that sucks," emphasizing and slowly saying sucks while wiggling his hips a little.
I take that as my cue and pull off of him completely. I turn around and deep throat him until my nose touches his stomach. I stay like that, tasting my ass on his dick for about a minute.
"I thought I had to sneeze," I hear Evan say to Jackie. He must have been making some faces.
As Jackie walks away Evan tells me he is going to cum again so I get down and let him cum all over my face and hair once more. I must have a ton from these two loads in my hair. The first load on my face dried, but I can still feel it along with the fresh one. Evan peeks down at me and tells me how amazing that was. I sit back against the cube wall for a second.
"Don't forget what I told you."
I immediately get back into position and start sucking him again.
After another forty five minutes or so of just leaving him in my mouth and sucking once in a while he tells me to turn around.
He scoots forward and pushes into my pussy, fucking me for a bit.
"I'm going to cum," he says.
I start to pull off but he holds me and starts filling me up with his cum. I am shocked at how much I feel considering how much he has deposited onto my face and hair. After a minute of that he pulls out. I turn around and ask him for a tissue.
"Just leave it."
"What about when it leaks out," I ask.
"We'll just clean it up later. I want you sloppy down there."
I get back on my hands and knees and take him into my mouth without him having to ask. After about another thirty minutes of slow and fast sucking he tells me to turn around again and I do as instructed. He enters my ass and after no time starts to cum. Not as big of a load, but that's not a surprise. He instructs me to not clean up again.
I realize I am sitting naked under his desk naked, with cum all over my face and hair, and also in both of my holes. I ask for permission to cum and he says no. I reluctantly get back into position and take him in my mouth.
I look at my phone and see that it's 3:30. Only about ninety minutes left I think to myself. For the entirety of that Evan doesn't say a word and stays hard in my mouth without me taking his dick out.
Evan tells me the last person has left and he thinks we're alone.
I crawl out from under the desk and just lean against it.
"Sit down here," he tells me.
I do as told. He walks up to me, spreads my legs wide, and pulls me forward a little. He puts his dick at the entrance to my ass again.
He goes in with one thrust and starts pumping. While he is inside of me I lean forward and start kissing him. He licks some of his cum from around my mouth and eats it.
"Where do you want me to cum?"
"I want it all in my hair, sir."
"Sure thing babe. Get down."
I kneel down under him and can feel him cum into my hair. When he stops I take him into my mouth, looking him right in the eyes as I deep throat him. After a few minutes he pulls back and stands there, admiring the view and taking a few pictures.
"Where is my coat? We should probably get out of here."
"It's in the supply room. I dare you to go get it."
"Can you just grab it?"
"It would be hotter if you did."
"Fine, where exactly is it in there?"
"Bottom drawer," he says.
I look around and don't see anyone so I start walking down the hall to the room. I can't believe I am walking through my office, completely nude, covered in and filled up with cum. I get to the room, go in, and grab the coat. Rather than put it on I walk back naked while holding it. I get another naughty thought in my head. As I walk up to Evan I hand him my stuff.
"You think you can get me out of here naked?"