That evening Patsy found herself in the downstairs TV room, lying on the couch still thinking distractedly of what had happened that day. After a nap with dreams full of replays of her tickle session, she had lay on the bed still feeling their tickling fingers all over her, her own fingers mimicking their action. After a little while she rolled off the bed to find Mikes friends had gone, feeling a little surprised at how disappointed she was at that.
She had avoided Mike the rest of the afternoon, an uncomfortable silence hanging over the house whenever they happened to pass. Patsy feeling not only unsure about how she felt about the afternoon but more than a bit embarrassed that things went so far so fast!
Mike was thankfully quiet when they prepared supper and when their parents came home that evening. Both nurses at the local hospital, they had eaten and went to bed early to be ready for their shifts in the morning. Patsy had not felt particularly talkative either so was more than happy that they had decided to crash early.
Later that evening the house was still hot from the day so she had decided to relax in the basement. Laying on the couch wearing loose shorts and a spaghetti strap top when she was mildly surprised when she heard Mike walking down the stairs.
"Hey," she said glancing his way.
"Hey," he replies sitting on the other end of the couch at Patsy's feet. "So you were a bit quiet this afternoon." He says smiling, "all wore out form your fun with the boys?"
Patsy smiles and kicks out playfully, "shut up," she says trying to hide her blush as he grabs her foot and places it on his lap.
"So what was that all about anyway?"
Patsy lay quietly for a moment unsure what to say. Did she even know herself? She knew that playing the tease was always a huge turn-on for her, but his felt different. Unsure what she felt, she finally admitted she wanted it again.
"I don't know," she said sighing dramatically, "Just felt like playing around and things got out of hand I guess."
"Were you ok with it? I mean you're not upset right?" Resting his hand on her ankle his free hand subtly caresses the top of her foot. Watching her face closely he sees the blush return and notices she's not pulling away.
"No," she replies quietly pretending to focus on the TV and not his caressing her foot, " I mean yes, I'm fine with what happened and no I'm not upset."
"The guys were pretty excited," he says smiling looking at her. Laying on her side propped against the arm rest, her breasts were filling the top of her shirt nicely. Always a breast lover he was quite enjoying the view. The nipple poking out as he caressed her foot making it all the better.
"I bet," she said smiling.
"Yeah, it was quite the show." His hand caresses the top of her foot again before slipping down to caress her soles with the knuckles of his fingers. Her leg twitches but with the slight pressure on her ankle he keeps her foot on his lap. He watches her face as she tries to ignore him, the subtle biting of her lip a dead giveaway.
"Kind of turned you on a bit huh?"
"Whatever."
"You know that's a thing right, getting turned on by tickling."
"Whatever." Her blush deepening, Mike continues to caress her foot. She lets out a squeak as his nails drag gently the length of her foot, pushing her leg forward as if pushing his fingers away. With his forearm he holds her ankle a bit more firmly to his leg when she starts wiggling slightly.
"Oh it is, look it up," he says with a quiet laugh, "keep you entertained for hours."
"Uh huh sure," she replies. Mike is enjoying the effect of the wiggling on Patsy's shirt, her breast swaying enough to be entertaining. Feeling a bit brave with her reaction he tickles up her calf a little higher to see what happens. Instead of the kick he was expecting, he is surprised when she flips herself quickly to her back, head propped by her pillow. Mikes eyes lock on her breasts again as they threaten to spill from her top, crossing her hands behind her head. Even more of a surprise is when she places both feet on his lap. Not wanting to lose the moment he continues,
"It is, really. It's called Ticklephillia although there are a bunch of other terms. Just someone who gets turned on by tickling." As he speaks his fingers start tickling both her soles, moving back and forth. He can feel a strain in his pants as he watches her start to squirm under his fingers, pushing her heels to his thigh as his hand holds her ankles. His mind is racing with excitement, is this really happening?
Shuffling again she crosses her arms under her breasts, pushing them up and together as her hand covers her mouth, "Ok."
"Yeah found a bunch of stuff on a few sites. Pretty hot stuff."
"Oh when you're sitting up at night watching porn," she replies trying to sound nasty but the effect ruined by the giggle as he tickles a bit more firmly.
"You know I'm a guy right," he said laughing," of course I look at porn."
"Eww."
"Oh whatever," he says tickling the sole of her captured foot, "I've seen your little collection. It's a wonder we keep any batteries in this place. But yeah and like I said some pretty hot stuff there."
Patsy wiggles again, hating to admit how much she was enjoying Mike's teasing fingers. Every caress sending little bolts of electricity up her legs.
"I can stop if you want?" Mike pauses his fingers at the base of her toes watching her face. The subtle nod of denial the most exciting thing he has seen in his life. His fingers start tickling again, any attempt at being subtle abandoned. The giggle behind her hand sounds so excited he's tempted to run off and relieve himself right there. No way, he's thinking, not moving out of this one!
The next few minutes he tickles her feet, her wiggling on the couch getting more exciting by the second. Afraid to speak and ruin the spell he crosses his legs, holding her feet down with his forearm. One hand tickles the top of her feet while the other tickles the bottoms. When he pulls her toes back on one foot she jumps and lets out a louder laugh, quickly covering her mouth. Propping herself on her elbows she bites her lip again, legs twitching against his as short nails drag down then flicker back up.
Meanwhile Mike is in heaven. Long a fan of tickling videos, as many a late night bit of private time would attest, he was in shock by what was happening. Patsy? A 'lee? Always enjoying the videos, a lot, he never would have imagined it be something she was into. Watching her chest rise and fall with her rapid breathing, being into nipple and breast tickling as he was the sight almost painful, he made sure not to look at her face afraid she would make him stop.
Patsy while still feeling awkward hated to admit how much this was turning her on. The flickering on her soles sending little jolts up her legs right to her clitoris. Squeezing her legs together she is able to get a pleasurable rush, more an agonizing tease than anything at this point but making Mikes attention all the better. As Mike continues to play with her feet she is desperate to grab her breasts, flick her nipples hard while he tickled her. Breathing faster with the giggling, trying to keep quiet with her thumbs caressing the side of her breasts that she could reach.
Mikes hand starts tickling its way up her calf, fingers scratching along the sides to her knee. Glancing at her face he can see that she is watching his hand intently and the look of hesitation fighting with how much she was denying enjoying this. His fingers slip under her knee making her jump again with a giggle. Her foot bumps his rock hard erection and it's his turn to be surprised when she pushes harder on it.
Accidently their eyes meet. The tension between them tighter than anything. Patsy feels her heart pounding against her chest, lost in the moment forgetting or ignoring everything but the sensations and emotions. The sudden eye contact feeling incredibly awkward she stops and pulls her feet back, drawing her knees tight as she pushes to sit up on the far side of the couch. Mike lets her go, quiet with frustration as he watches her stare at the TV. Resting his arm on his crotch he slowly rubs his arm back and forth, his hips moving oh so slightly with the motion.
After long moments she stretches her legs out and gets off the couch. Mike enjoys the view of her breasts swaying as she leans forward, things getting even tighter if that was possible.
"I'm going to bed."
"It's like ten o'clock," Mike says laughing.
"Yeah well I'm tired," she says forcefully.
"The guys are coming by again tomorrow. Just in case, you were like wondering." He holds his breath as she stops. What will she say? Will she take the hint? Will she take a plunge?
"What time?" she asks quietly.
"Probably around 10 or so. Looking to be another hot day outside."
"Ok."
Mike watches her backside as she walks away, the bouncing top as she climbs the stairs a sight to remember. Well damn, he thinks as his arm pushes harder. This will be awesome!