Note to reader: All characters are at least 18-years-old even if not specifically stated in the story.
We arrived at the resort mid-morning after an overnight flight and shuttle ride. The resort sat on a beautiful beach with very blue, clear ocean waters. The resort was large and featured numerous restaurants, dance clubs, recreational activities, and secluded areas. My parents had insisted my sister and I take this trip with them despite us both being adults. I was 25 years old and still living with them in the house I grew up in. After giving college a try for a year, I ended up dropping out. Temporarily I said at the time, but six years later I had no plans to return. Instead I am continuing to live at my parent's house in my old bedroom. I'll take the odd job here and there but most days I am hanging out in my room playing on the computer. My life is mostly filled with writing fan fiction, playing Runescape, and arguing on Reddit. In high school I was very popular and had a long term boyfriend. But after I dropped out of college, my friends gradually moved on to jobs and marriage. My boyfriend broke up with me claiming I had given up.
Since then I've had a few dates, but generally don't meet a lot of guys. It's not that I'm unattractive. Both my sister and I have inherited my mom's D-cup breast. My ass sticks out more than I'd like but I only weigh 140 lbs at 5 feet, 6 inches tall. I think I'm better looking than some of those girls I regularly see on amateur porn sites.
I felt a bit like a loser going on a vacation my parents paid for while in my early twenties, but I had nothing else going on so I agreed. My younger sister, Jenna, also is coming, but she is 18 years old and a few weeks away from starting her senior year in high school. She's smart, gets great grades and the whole family is excited to see her become a doctor or something. She also has been dating the same guy for the last 5 years believe it or not. They are so cute together and her boyfriend, Rick, has secretly told my parents that he plans to propose at their high school graduation in May. Rick is very sweet and kind. So much so that Jenna has told me that despite dating half a decade, Rick respects her too much to push for sex. They haven't seen done oral or even seen each other naked at all. My parents offered to bring Rick along, but he thought it would be inappropriate for them to be sleeping in the same hut, so he declined.
My mom and dad carried the luggage from the shuttle while my sister and I followed. My dad was very protective of his family. I think he actually likes me living at home where he can watch over me. However, he can be a bit controlling. Even at my age he has strong opinions about what I should wear and generally I just follow his suggestions and dress rather conservatively. My mom, despite being in her mid-forties, looks great. She is currently wearing a long sundress. Like me she is a curvy woman and gets a lot of male attention, causing a lot of arguments between my dad and these men.
We got check in and found our room. Dad suggested we tour the resort, which we did. After an hour we got lunch at one of the restaurants before heading back to the room. After settling in, I announced my intention to head back out.
"I saw some people my age hanging out at the beach. I'm going to head out and maybe make some vacation friends."
My dad, ever protective had questions. "What are you going to wear?"
"Well, they were on the beach, so probably a swimsuit," I said feeling embarrassed by the question.
"Wear a one-piece with shorts," he commanded.
As usual I did what he said and wore a black one-piece bathing suit that did very well covering up my entire top. Over them I wore some blue jeans shorts. I waved goodbye and went out seeking the college age group I saw before.
The group of five guys and one girl were right where I had last saw them on the beach. I neglected to tell my dad the ratio of men to women, but he'll live.
"Hi, do you mind if I hang out with you? I'm Lena," I said as an introduction to the group.
They were very welcoming and cool. They were from all over the country and had met only the day before.
"I like your outfit," the other girl said smiling at me.
I appreciated the compliment but was jealous of the black bikini she was wearing. While I wasn't ignored, the guys were paying more attention to her which I attributed to her outfit showing a lot more skin than mine. We talked about a variety of things and I tried to ask a lot of questions and engage in all of the topics, even the ones I didn't have interest in. The only person who seemed to be engaging with me was the other girl who I think was aware she was getting the majority of the male attention. Eventually we all needed to leave but agreed to meet back in 2 hours at the same place.
I got back to the room and dad had a lot of questions about what I did and what the other guys were like. I answered his questions to his sanctification and told him about my plans to meet up later, which he wasn't happy about but didn't object. As a family we headed down to the beach for a while and waded in the water. My mom, sister, and I all wore our one-piece swim suits that dad specifically approved of. It was enjoyable, but I was looking forward to being with people my own age again soon. We headed back and I had about 20 minutes until the next meet up with my new friends was due.
Getting ready, I stood and looked at myself in the mirror wearing the same one-piece bathing suit. I look so frumpy when I'm wearing it. Olympic swimmers show more skin than this. I wasn't looking to have the guys clawing at me, but it would be nice to get close the same level of attention as the girl in the bikini did. Like I said, I'm an attractive woman. I walked over to where my dad and mom were sitting.
"Dad, I want to wear the bikini I brought to the beach, okay?"
"What? Why? I didn't even realize you brought or owned a bikini. What's wrong with swimsuit you have on," he protested.
"I'm not looking to do anything bad, I just want to wear something that matches more what people my age are wearing. Did you see anyone my age out there dressed like me? I didn't."
He continued to argue, "You told me all you guys did before was talk. Are you not able to talk in that swimsuit? What are you doing where you need to show off your body?"
It was no use, he wasn't going to give. Unexpectedly, my mom spoke up, "Honey, remember I use to wear bikinis when I was her age? She's 25. It's not like she is wearing tassels and a thong out there. She'll be okay."
Dad looked unhappy but I think mom speaking up made the difference. "Be careful out there."
He couldn't get himself to say yes to the bikini, but he wasn't forbidding it. I went to the bottom of my suitcase, grabbed it and went to the bathroom. It was a pink 2-piece bikini. It was far from the most scandalous bikini one could wear. It covered my butt and about 80% of my chest, which was very large. I took a final look at myself and then tried my best to rush out of the hotel room before dad could see me and change his mind.
Walking outside was exciting for me. It was true that lots of other women were wearing bikinis. But for me, this was the most skin I have shown outside in a while. I was excited for the guys to see me wearing this. I was a few minutes late to the beach but the five guys and single girl were all already there.
The first guy to see me did a double take before declaring, "Hey, awesome suit! What was your name again, sorry."
"It's Lena," I said with a smile and probably a bit of blush showing in my cheeks.
Everyone greeted me and I instantly felt like I was ten times more welcomed than previously. The other girl and I were invited to tell stories, jokes (which always got a laugh) and answers to a whole bunch of questions. I talked for almost 10 minutes about Runescape despite me being the only one there to have ever played it. I think I actually got more attention than the other girl, which I attributed to me being curvier than her. Not that it's a competition.
After a joke I gave that got a loud round of laughs, one the guys looked at me and said, "Lena, thanks for hanging out with us. I was worried this trip would be dull, but with you around it's been a blast."
The guys all agreed and the girl lightly nodded. "I really hope you can keep hanging out with us. Oh, I meant to bring you a gift from the gift shop, but I forgot. I'll do that next time," another guy mentioned. Several of them mentioned a similar sentiment of wanting to bring me a gift next time. I was almost blushing from the attention.
"Hey Lena, did you know that you are actually allowed to go topless anywhere at this resort?"
I paused upon hearing this. That was an odd thing to bring up.
"Is that true?" I asked not knowing how else to respond.
A different guy answered, "It is, take a look at that sign behind you."
I turned around and saw a large sign with a variety of rules. Scanning down the list, I found a bullet point that read, 'Male and females are allowed to be topless anytime at any location, public or private, indoors or outdoors, anywhere on the resort grounds.' I guess it wasn't too surprising. This was an adults old only resort, however it was not advertised as being sexual in any way.
"Huh, that's interesting. I haven't seen any woman topless though."
The other girl spoke up, "Yeah me either, I don't think anyone actually does that here."
I thought the topic had died, but another of the guys brought it up again.
"True, but that doesn't mean someone can't. Have either of you ladies ever done anything like that."
We both shook our heads no. "There's no way I could do something like that, it would be too embarrassing," I said while the other girl nodded in agreement.
"Embarrassing? Why in the world would you be embarrassed? You are gorgeous! When you walked over here in today, just seeing you took my breath away."
My heart may have skipped a beat hearing that. It had been too long since any guy had given me a compliment like that.
"Thank you for saying that. But I just don't have the courage to show off my body. Even wearing this is a stretch for me," I said becoming very aware of the male attention I was getting.
"As beautiful as you are, you should have the courage to do anything. I say go for it!" He said starting a clap.
The girl spoke up, "Guys don't push her to do anything that makes her uncomfortable." She was completely ignored.
"You... you guys really think I should?"
"It's your choice gorgeous. But I think you are as brave as you are stunning."
I looked around the group. Each guy was giving me their full attention and showering me with compliments. The girl looked uncomfortable, but the guys had giant smiles. Was I really going to take off my bikini top outside, in front of all of these guys? Half an hour ago I was nervous wearing a bikini. I looked around the area, nobody else was nearby, so only these guys would see me if I did it, which I wasn't ready to say I was going to. These guys lived nowhere near me. In a few days I would never see them again, and none of them had any phones or cameras. I would make their day and feel beautiful in the process.
I reached my hand to the back of my bikini which drove the guys to yell in excitement. They started chanting my name together. I felt my top unhook but grabbed the front with my arm before it could slide off. I was standing nearly topless in front of these guys. All I had to do was move my arm away and they could see every inch of by breast. I paused in this position and began having second thoughts.
"Are you guys sure I should do this?" I asked despite knowing what they would say. They responded as expected. Knowing there was no way I could back down I got a bit playful with it, primarily to hide my shyness.
"Hmmm," I said looking up with a thinking face. "Okay!" and I rapidly pulled the top away revealing my tits to 5 guys and a girl I had just met today.
The guys stared in silence for an uncomfortable amount of time.
"Are you guys okay? Is there something wrong with my chest?" I asked nervously.
"Oh my gosh, no. Sorry. I think we were all just mesmerized by your body. God you are hot. Thank you so much for doing this."
With that, the silence broke and I was showered with more and more compliments, albeit with less eye contact than before. The other girl was looking more uncomfortable and was obviously looking away from me as she had no interest in my bare boobs. I felt bad.
"Listen, please don't feel pressured to take your top off just cause I did. It's fine, truly."
She gave me a judgmental look. "I wasn't going to," she said coldly while shaking her head.
I almost called her a bitch but the five guys were giving me their full attention while ignoring her completely. That's all the response that was needed. She left a few minutes later, not that anyone noticed.
I kept hold of my bikini in my hand. I needed the comfort knowing I could cover myself back up if I ever felt the need. But otherwise I was good staying exposed. I moved the conversation away from my tits and started talking more about my interest. Everything I brought up the guys wanted to know more about. Every comment I said was either very interesting or very funny to them. I felt like I was fast making very close friends. My confidence was soaring and I found myself putting my hands behind my back and sticking my chest out more and more.
It was starting to become dusk and I realized I needed to head out. The guys were disappointed but told me later tonight they were going to set up a bond fire at the beach and they begged me to come. I agreed which got cheers from them.
One of them then asked, "Will you... you know.. be..." he said motioning to my bare chest.
I gave a small smile but didn't give any other indication. Was this a one time thing or was I going to be topless in front of these guys every time from now on?
"Yes... but after I get here. No way am I walking around the resort without a top."
I accepted that I was going to be topless tonight but not worrying about my lack of attire at future meet ups yet. I waved goodbye as the guys walked off in separate directions. I turned around, prepared to put my top back on but was met with the sight of my mom, dad, and little sister staring at my tits.
"Were you stripping for those boys," my Dad yelled.
I looked around to see if any of my friends had maybe heard that but thankfully they were out of earshot. "I was not stripping dad!"
"Then why were you letting them ogle your naked chest?" I don't think I've ever seen him this upset.
"They weren't ogling me dad. I just wanted to get some sun and enjoy the breeze. It's not a big deal. It's allowed in the resort rules, look," I said pointing defensively at the sign.
Dad didn't bother looking while mom looked with interest. "You didn't let them touch you did you," dad asked nervously.
I stamped my foot down causing my still naked boobs to jiggle, reminding me I was still topless. I began putting my bikini back on angrily replying, "Of course not. This wasn't a sex thing. Women go topless all the time in some places. Also it's not against the rules!"
I had gotten the suit over my boobs and was working on connecting the hooks in the back.
"Nobody else in this whole resort is topless. Just you!" Dad was not cooling down.
"I wasn't going to walk around and let everyone see me. I just did it around my friends."
After finally hooking the back, I adjusted the top as my left nipple was poking out.
"Aha! So you only wanted these particular boys to see your chest! That sounds sexual to me!," Dad declared, trying to trap me.
All I could do was growl in anger. "Let's head back to the room and cool off," mom suggested. We all walked back in angry silence.
As soon as the door to our room closed, the argument started back up.
"Put away that bikini. For the rest of the trip if you want to wear a swimsuit, you can put on the one-piece with a pair of my trunks over the bottoms," dad said thinking that would end the conversation.
"I'm 25 years old dad. You want me to wear what shy 10-year-old girls wear to the pool. I'm meeting the guys later tonight at the beach and I'm wearing my bikini." I wasn't going to dream about going topless again, but I wanted to at least wear a bikini.
"I will not have my daughter acting like a whore," he yelled slamming his fist on the wall. The room went silent.
Mom looked at me and asked, "Tell me the truth Lena. Did you promise those boys if you would go topless again tonight?"
I took a big breath before answering. "Yes, yes I did."
Mom smiled, "Then you'll go to that meeting topless tonight."
"WHAT! Are you insane? Those guys are going to take advantage of her," Dad was as shocked at me about her response.
"Dad, listen. Yes the guys enjoyed seeing me like that. I'll admit it. But I haven't felt that beautiful or respected in years, if ever. Sometimes a woman needs that."
Dad wasn't having it, "Guys can complement you without being able to see your naked tits!"
Mom spoke again. "I will be going with her to the meeting. I will ensure she stays safe."
Oh great, that's what I need is a chaperon I thought.
"I will also be going topless, wearing only my bikini bottoms."
That's... not what a chaperon does.
"WHAT! You're going to parade topless in front of 5 strangers," dad was looking pale.
"It's like Lena said, women need to do these things sometimes to feel good about herself. I'm a woman too."
"I'll compliment you all you want," dad pleaded.
"Oh honey, that's not the same. Relax. It's not like I'm doing this in front of our neighbors. We will never see these boys again. I'm not going to let them touch either of us. Come on honey, take off your top and let's get ready to go." Dad had no response. He sat down in his chair and stared at his hands.
I wasn't planning on walking from the room to the meeting site at the beach topless. But at this point bringing that up seemed like a bad idea. Mom unhooked the back of my bikini and I was topless once again. Mom left to her room and 30 seconds later came back wearing only her bikini bottoms.
"Oh dear god in heaven," dad said when she entered.
I had no memory of ever seeing my mom's breast. She had the breast of a woman 15 years younger than her, it was impressive. It wasn't until she turned around that I realized I had been staring at her tits since she entered the room. That also made me appreciate how awkward it was going to be showing up to meet my new friends with my topless mom in tow.
"Okay, we are off," mom said opening the door and introducing the resort to her tits.
I gave dad a last look before I followed, "We'll be safe, I promise."
As we exited the room, I was finally able to talk to mom one on one. Not something we get a lot of chances to do and especially not something we do while both topless outside.
"You don't have to do this mom, you can go back in now," I said.
"Honey, I wasn't kidding earlier. This is just as much for me as it is for you. I want to feel admired and wanted as well."
"Okay, but just so you know these guys are my age. Early twenties probably in college."
Mom laughed, "And you're worried they won't like me there, especially topless. I think you'll be surprised." I gulped and started walking.
I had hoped with it being nighttime that the walk to the beach would be void of people, but that was not the case. Not only that but the pathway was well lit. Walking by group after group of fellow guest, I tried to cover myself without making it look like I was covering myself. It was a poor attempt and everyone got an eye-full of my chest that walked by. Mom, on the other hand, made no such attempt. She confidently walked as her massive tits swayed with her. She would make casual conversations with people we passed by, even as they noticeably stared at her and her daughter's naked tits. By the time we got to the beach, the number of people who have seen my nude breast in my life must have increased by at least 10X.
Thirty feet ahead of us I could see the fire that my five friends had set up. There were no lights in this section so I doubt they would see us coming. I thought about what I was going to say in my head, 'hey guys, I'm here! Also here is my mom and her tits!' But before I could say anything, we came into view and the guys made the first move.
"Lena! Holy shit you came topless, that's awesome! Oh fuck you brought a friend? And she's hot and topless also! You are the greatest!"
The other guys echoed those comments throwing compliments to both of us. Okay, so at least they thought my mom was hot. A weird thing to be thankful for, but it's a strange kind of day.
"So who is your attractive friend you brought Lena?"
Here we go. "Well... this...is...my...mom."
Silence as almost all eyes were on my mom's boobs.
"That's awesome!"
"Way to go Lena and Lena's mom!"
"You're staying, right Lena's mom?"
The boys were excited by the introduction, that's for sure. We gathered around the fire and talked, me and my mom's breasts glowing from the fire light. Despite having another topless woman there, the guys gave me no less attention. In fact rather than halving the focus I was getting earlier, they seemed to double their attention. It helped that mom and I stood next to each other the majority of the time. Frequently I would notice a guy's gaze starting at my right tit and scanning over to my mom's left, conveniently aligned for them.
I was in awe of the confidence mom showed. She acted as if the boys were lucky to have her around, but still didn't come off as conceited. Mom was a lot more flirty than I was as well. She would playfully run her fingers through their hair, hold her arm on a guy's shoulder, or poke them in the chest. She would also return the many remarks she was getting on her looks with compliments of the boys. Saying how fit they looked, cute they are in the face, or how their hair made them look so handsome. Hearing this made me feel bad as I don't think I had said a single nice thing about the guys looks since I got topless the first time. I quickly started mimicking this behavior, but not as naturally as my mom seemed to be able to do it.
My conversational topics continued to be innocent, with me talking more about my interests, not drawing attention to my naked breast. For example, I talked about a favorite fan fiction I recently read. It just so happened that during my explanation, my boobs were visible to everyone listening. Mom on the other hand would frequently draw attention to her breast.
One story would end "... I say that, but here I am naked from the waist up in front of a crowd of college boys!" or "...but I bet that wouldn't have happened if I came dressed like this!" and even once, "... they were so big I could probably only fit 3 of them in between these girls!."
Each story would end with her point to her boobs while she stuck her chest out. I would laugh nervously with the guys, while they all stared at my mom's tits. I noticed the other girl hadn't shown up. I asked about her.
"Who knows. To be honest, she was a bore. I'm really glad you showed up today and then brought your mom," a guy responded to the nods of the other four.
I started to feel bad that dad was back at the room feeling really worried at us being out here like this. I realized I hadn't mentioned anything about mom being married. I didn't want the guys to think she was, available, whatever that might mean to them. I thought of a story where I could bring that up and told it, even mentioning that dad, my mom's husband, was at the resort with us. Nobody seemed to change their behaviors upon learning this, but I felt better having said it.
The fire started to die down and I realized we had been hanging out for over 4 hours. As we started to say goodbye, mom unexpectedly went in to hug each guys which they took without compliant. Feeling like it would be really awkward if I didn't, I followed suit, hugging each guy after her. The result was my bare chest was pressed right up against the boy's equally bare skin. My nipples, which had become hard in the cool sea breeze, were likely easily being noticed by each guy. This felt like we were breaking my promise to dad not to touch the guys, but it wasn't like their hands were on our bare chests.
"You both will come back tomorrow right? Same time, same place?"
I spoke up first, "We'll see. We have a lot of things planned tomorrow as a family."
They looked disappointed but another guy asked what I'm guessing they were all thinking, "And you'll... wear... or rather not wear..."
Again I took charge and spoke up first before my mom, "I don't know, this has been fun by maybe we will wear something more conventional. I packed a nice sun dress I think you guys would like!"
I could almost feel the disappointment they had in response. The guy responded before walking away, "Well, it's your choice, but you both are so beautiful. You don't need fancy dresses to look good."
Tonight was a lot of fun and exhilarating but continuing to hang out half naked with my mom and these guys for the rest of the vacation seemed like a bad idea. I didn't want to do that to dad again anyway.
I wish I had brought my top to put back on for the walk back. There were still a lot of people around and the paths were as bright as ever.
"Thank you for bringing me tonight honey. I really needed that. Those guys were so young and handsome. I feel like I'm 20 years old again," she said with a skip giving a group we were passing a great view of her tits flopping around.
She continued, "I'm surprised how reserved you were though. I didn't realize you got so nervous talking to guys."
That comment flustered me. "I don't get nervous talking to guys! At least... not when I'm fully clothed."
Mom laughed at that, "Being topless in front of these guys shouldn't make you nervous, it should make them nervous. You are a beautiful woman! These guys are going to do anything they can to make you feel welcome. You hold all the power!"
She had a good point, but it didn't matter now. Another group of guys we walked by stopped their previously loud conversation in its tracks to watch us. I really appreciated the fact that without anything covering them, my breast really bounced a lot when I walked.
Mom started the conversation up again, "You sounded unsure about going back tomorrow. Didn't you have fun tonight. We should go back tomorrow for sure!"
"I did have fun, and I do want to go back," I said truthfully.
"We'll finish our family plans tomorrow with plenty of time. Don't worry about it. Good! I'm looking forward to tomorrow night," mom said as bouncy as ever.
"Me too, but like I said I'm going to wear my sundress and you should wear yours. You look really nice in that color."
Mom stepped in front of me facing me, our chest almost colliding. "But the guys will be so disappointed," she said looking disappointed herself.
"Besides, it's like we talked about. This will be really good practice talking to guys for you."
"But dad will be..."
"You let me worry about dad. This is what he does. He gets mad when he can't control things but drops it the next day."
I somehow doubted that dad was going to drop the fact that his wife is spending hours showing off her tits to a group of guys half his age.
We left the topic at that having arrived back at the room. I planned to talk to mom about it again and maybe agree on us going back tomorrow wearing our full bikinis as a compromise. Inside the room my sister was playing on her phone and dad was asleep. Or at least pretending to be as I imagined he was thinking about what his topless wife had been doing for the past 4 or 5 hours. The rest of us went to bed, resting for our first full day on vacation tomorrow.
The next morning I woke up and found my dad and sister awake while mom still was dosing on the couch.
"I trust you both had fun showing off your breast to the entire resort last night," he said sarcastically to me.
I needed to reassure him and calm him down. "The resort was completely empty walking to and from the beach dad," I lied. "Nobody gave us any notice."
I thought he showed some relief on his face, but he continued, "That group of boys though probably gave you both all the notice in the world."
"They were very well behaved and didn't try anything. We would have left the second they did anyway. All we did was talk."
"Talk with your tits out," dad crudely remarked.
I kept trying to reassure him, "Okay, yes. We were not wearing tops. But like mom said, the only reason was to feel good about ourselves. To regain the confidence that we should have."
At first dad didn't have a response to that and I thought he might be able to drop it finally. That was until he had to spit out a final retort.
"Being a slut doesn't give you confidence."
With that last comment, mom shot up from the couch, having been awake listening to the whole conversation.
"God damn it, I won't have you body shaming our daughter after having just gotten her confidence back. You should have seen her last night, she was glowing! This might be just what she needs to kick her life back into gear! In fact, we are going back to the group tonight. Topless."
Well, that killed my plan to talk her into wearing a bikini top. Another night showing off the goods wasn't the worst.
Dad perked up red in the face, "Oh no you are not. That was a one time thing! We are all staying in this room tonight!"
She got up and went into the bathroom, coming back out wearing only her bikini bottoms, with her tits as naked as they were last night.
"Actually," mom said pretty much ignoring dad's last comment, "I think that's not enough. Lena and I will be wearing only bikini bottoms for the whole day today."
My eyes opened up large at the news I would walking around the entire day, in broad day light, with my girls on display for every guy or girl who so desired to see them. Dad fell back into his chair.
"You can't be serious. Hundreds of people are going to see you. We will be eating in restaurants and doing activities. You are going to have your breast out for all of that?"
Mom responded, "Every second." She walked up to me and gave me a hug, pushing her breast into mine.
Dad started panicking, looking around the room for I don't know what. He apparently found it in my younger sister.
"What about Jenna! Are you going to subject her to seeing her mom's breast all day?"
Normally quiet Jenna addressed that question herself. "I don't mind dad. There just breast. I have them myself."
Mom smiled large and gave Jenna a topless hug as well and turned to her husband, "Honey, just breathe. It will be alright. Breast are only sexual because guys make them. My bottoms will stay fully on. Nobody is allowed to touch me but you, my husband. That will never change."
Dad stammered, "But were heading to breakfast, your tits will be there for everyone to see."
Recognizing that he was not going to become any more accepting than this, mom pushed for the rest of us to get ready.
I, as instructed, put on my bikini bottoms and nothing else. I stared at my chest in the bathroom mirror, knowing this was the sight that was going to greet every person I see for the rest of the day. Walking outside with my tits out at night was one thing, but doing it day would be sending a whole different message. Most women probably have ten men in their whole lives see them topless. I was going to achieve that in probably my first ten seconds when we leave the room. But mom's encouraging words echoed in my head and gave me confidence.
Walking back into room, everyone seemed ready to go. My little sister was wearing a bikini which got no comments from my data. I guess comparatively a bikini isn't such a big deal. Dad walked to the door and put his hand on the handle, paused, then turned to face us.
"I'm sorry for my comments earlier, I was wrong and hurtful. You both can wear whatever you want, but please at least wear something!"
Mom was having none of it and pushed by him opening the door. I stepped out and felt sunshine on my full breast for the first time ever. It felt good but I could also feel every eye within 100 meters locked in on my tits. As we walked to the restaurant dad walked out in front. I think he was trying to block people's views, but was not very effective. He glared at guys staring at us and started to tell them to mind their own business. He noticed one man standing with presumably his wife staring at mom's tits.
"You know your husband is staring at my wife's chest right now," he said hoping to get the other man in trouble.
The wife responded, "So am I, your wife has a fantastic rack."
Mom thanked her and returned the compliment while dad stormed on.
Finally arriving at the restaurant, you could see every individual whose chair happen to be facing us point us out to their counterpart across their table. Any A-list celebrity walking in wouldn't have gotten as many turned heads as we got.
"Table for.... four?" the waiter asked eyeing me and mom's body up and down. I don't know if he was counting dad and my sister or just the number of tits in front of him, but he led us to the table. It was maybe the most interesting meal I've had, with the food having nothing to do with it. The strangest moment was when the waiter asked for our drink order. Dad asked for a bloody mary, Jenna an orange juice, and mom asked for large cups of milk for herself and I.
"Right..." the waiter responded, staring at her chest. I swear we had a different waiter come up to the table every 30 seconds asking us if we were doing okay. Or rather, asking mom's and my tits based on where their eyes were looking.
Towards the end of the meal, mom excused herself and left the table. After she was gone for a while we sighted her talking to a booth full of men.
She noticed us looking and waved, shouting, "Honey, these guys are from Colorado also."
Dad slumped down into his chair further as her waving allowed the whole restaurant to watch her breast jiggle wildly.
After finish and leaving the restaurant, we had our first reserved activity. Which was.... horse back riding.
"Maybe we skip this one and find a nice secluded area to relax in," dad suggested.
"What, no! I was really looking forward to riding a horse. As were you I remember. We are going," mom commanded.
To my dad's relief, the horse handler was a woman. Actually a very attractive one who wore a bikini top and rather short blue jean shorts.
As we approached, she hollered to my dad who was walking in front, "Howdy! Are you my 10 am rider?"
Her mood quickly changed when two topless women appeared from behind him.
"Oh, do you need to go back and change first? You got time. I'd recommend riding in pants and a comfortable multi-layer shirt."
"We'll be fine as we are miss," my mom replied smiling coldly.
After a few safety tips and helping us on our horses, the riding went exactly as you would expect. My tits were hopping all over to the point I was worried they would smack my face. Mom was no better off. Riding up and down the beach, we got a lot of hoots and hollers. Riding topless with breast as large as mine proved difficult and distracting. Mom however was able to wave at all our admirers and holler back. My sister rode confidently next to use secured in her bikini but still bounced a lot. Dad stayed way back for most of the ride.
After an hour of riding we dismounted. My chest was surprisingly sore so I was thankful for my girls to be relatively stationary again. We headed back to the same restaurant for lunch. There was a long line but upon seeing us, the waiters let us skip the line. They claimed we had reservations, which was a lie, and led us to a table in the middle of the restaurant where everyone had a clear view of us. None of us said it out loud but it was clear our perky naked tits came with perks.
Once we finished lunch, which was paid for by several nearby tables, we headed over to our afternoon activity, karaoke. I was thankful bull-riding or pogo-sticks wasn't offered at this resort. When we arrived, the place was actually pretty empty, which my dad was happy about. However as we were looking over the song list, the place quickly filled up. Almost as if the crowd was following us. We were worried we wouldn't be able to get many songs in with the crowd, but pretty much nobody but us put in song request. Apparently the crowd came to enjoy watching the singers, rather than sing themselves. Emphasis on the watching.
As we were looking through the songs, mom asked me to go first. She said she was too embarrassed to sing in front of a crowd and didn't want to go first.
"Mom, you've been confidently showing hundreds of people your boobs all day, but singing causes you to get shy?"
"We both have great racks, but only you have a great singing voice," she explained.
I did have a good singing voice and had sang on a stage before, just not topless.
I picked a song and immediately was called up onto the stage. I climbed the stairs and stood out looking at what must have been a hundred, mostly male, faces starting at me. I got a lot of cheers and hadn't even sung a note yet. The song started playing and once I sang some lines I started to feel less nervous. I began swaying and lightly dancing to the song as well which was very well received.
Once the song was completed, they erupted with applause. I waved at them in appreciation which only got my applause. I turned and found mom had come up on stage and was ready to sing, apparently no longer afraid. She sang a much higher beat song than I chose and moved accordingly. At some points she purposely seemed to be shaking her tits. Someone just walking in could be forgiven thinking she was in the middle of a strip routine if not for her hold a microphone.
Jenna had the next song. I was worried the rowdy crowd wouldn't be happy with her clothed performance and might start pressing her to strip. That never happen though and the crowd seemed content with an 18-year-old d-cup high school girl singing pretty well while wearing a bikini. With no one else putting in song request, the three of us sang on stage almost none stop. My dad, who is not a good singer, put in some song request for himself. I think he was just trying to limit how much time his daughter and wife's nude tits were on stage. The crowd hated him being on stage and after the first song was non-stop boos, he didn't try again. We cycled between the three of us singing by ourselves, as a duet, and the ever popular trio. They continued to be very respectful of my sister's nude-free performance.
The place got jammed. I don't think another soul could have fit in that theater and guys were pressed up against the edge of the stage, getting a very interesting angle I'm sure of the bottom of our tits. It felt amazing being on that stage. The crowd was extremely engaged and would sing along with the chorus but then fall dead silent as you sang the quieter parts of the song followed by a huge round of applause when you finished. At times I forgot about the fact that I was bare chested in front of what was probably now three hundred men. Their genuine cheers almost brought me to tears at times.
We sang on stage for almost three hours, but finally our voices were giving out. We sang one last tune all three of us on stage swaying, said our goodbyes and left. I felt like a pop star ending a performance, albeit with a slutty twist. On the way out I was even approached with a job offer at a club but I turned him down due to him being in LA. Oh, and also not wanting to take up stripping as a career.
Afterwards dad begged us to go back to the room and just order room service for dinner, which we agreed to. We were very tired anyhow. Mom stopped at the gift shop on way back and bought something first. When room service arrived with the food, mom gave them an eye full at the door and they insisted no tip was needed. We ate and then waiting for sundown.
When we got a minute away from dad, mom showed me what she had bought.
"I got us matching thong bikini bottoms. I figured the guys tonight would get a big kick out of seeing us in them!" The thongs were tiny. The back of them was a string while the front of it looked like it would barely cover us.
"Mom, are you sure we should wear this? It leaves very little to the imagination."
"I know! It's so exciting!" I was really seeing a new side to my mom on this trip. And not just physically.
"Mom, are you sure going back to that group of guys tonight is a good idea, especially wearing these? We are sending signals that we are looking to take things further. They might want go beyond just looking."
Mom wasn't really paying me attention so I continued. "They also said they are bringing booze this time. Five horny guys plus booze plus two hot women wearing only these is a recipe for regret."
She finally turned around and answered me. "I am not some wide-eyed naive teenager and neither are you. We are in control of our bodies and we will dictate how far things will go, not these men."
I was glad to hear that from her. She may be wilder than normal, but my mom was still here.
"Okay. But dad is going to freak when..."
"Honey, Lena and I are wearing these new thong bikini bottoms to meet the boys tonight," Mom announced, addressing my concern very directly.
Dad immediately got up and examined the bottoms. "I've had tissues that had more material than this. This is going to show off everything," he said looking my mom up and down.
"It covers the important parts. Nothing has changed. No touching, no worries. Everyone at this resort has seen our bodies already. This is showing like 1% more skin than what we showed today," mom tried to reassure him.
"You're doing this to get a rise out of me. There are other ways to do that without letting the world see your daughter basically naked."
Mom didn't address that comment and gave me a wink. I wasn't sure I was fully onboard showing off even more of my body, but not wearing the thong tonight would almost feel like I was letting my mom down. Damn that's a weird thought.
I went to the bathroom, slipped off the only piece of clothing I wore all day and replaced it with the thong bikini. As expected it hid not a single square inch of my butt cheeks. Looking at the front it did manage to cover all of my labia, barely. It seemed snug though and didn't run the risk of my pussy popping out. But it was still smaller than anything else I've ever worn. Thank gosh I was shaven down there. I hopped mom thought of that too. Does she keep herself clean shaven down there?
I walked out and was anxious to get going, having no desire to give dad more opportunities to freak out. I was greeted by the site of my mom's ass on full display, minus the string in between her cheeks. When she turned around I also learned that she was completely shaven. She complimented how I looked and we headed out. Walking outside was not nearly as weird as the night before. True my ass was on display, but at least I couldn't see people staring at that. Although I knew they were. I also knew I was getting eyes diverted towards my crotch and the minimal fabric present there hiding my last bit of nudity.
A jiggly walk later we found the five guys already around the fire with a large supply of booze. Mom greeted them and they right away noticed our new bottoms.
"Wow, are those new? And you both have a matching set! That's really cute! You guys keep finding ways to look better and better. And you were already smoking when we first saw you," one guy said trying to be smooth.
"Awww, thanks," my mom said. "Oh, and you should see the back. Their thongs!" She spun around revealing her ass to the guys. "Lena's is too, honey turn around and show them."
As usual, I hadn't planned on highlighting my lack of coverage, but I obliged. Everyone greatly enjoyed our mother -- daughter display of nearly bare asses.
Booze were offered and accepted by us. I planned on nursing my drink. I had created a new rule for myself. When I'm outside hanging out with a group of guys with my tits and ass exposed, I was only going to have 2 drinks. It iikely won't end up being the most widely used rule I create for myself in my life, but important for today at least. Mom seemed to have no such rule and enjoyed the free drinks. I told myself to relax and remember I'm here to make vacation friends. I eased into an engaging conversation, revolving around interests of my mom or me. The conversation wasn't focusing on what I was wearing or rather not wearing which I appreciated.
However, due to either our skimpier outfits, the booze, or probably both, the boy's behavior was different tonight. They much more freely touched us. Not in overly sexual ways but often they would hug our hips after a joke, or have a hand linger on our backs. Mom responded with flirty use of her hands as well. Again, I didn't want to spend the night policing behaviors but it was worrying.
I was nearing the end of my second, and final drink while talking with three of the guys. I looked over and saw one of the guys with both hands on mom's hips and her hand slowly grabbing his crotch.
"Mom!" I yelled interrupting the conversation I was in.
The guy jumped back and mom quickly responded, "Relax honey, we were just teasing."
I somehow doubted that but being called out I hoped would keep them in line. And for while that seemed true and I relaxed again, after letting myself have a third drink. The guy in question from before was now talking with me where I could keep an eye on him. I was soon met though with the sight of a different guy from the group running a single finger across my mom's breast while she, this time with both hands, was lightly rubbing the outside of his bathing suit.
"Mom!" I yelled, again having the effect of the guy immediately backing off.
"Please stop yelling honey. Nothing is happening, it's just playful flirting," she said smiling. I feared I was going to have to watch her the rest of the week at this rate.
Taking a fourth drink in order to calm down from seeing my topless mother touch another guys groin, twice, now I was beginning to think maybe I tell mom it's time to leave. I hoped she would say yes as there was no way I could leave her alone here. After the conversation reach a lull, I turned around to tell mom but found her actively rubbing two guys' crotches simultaneously.
"Are you kidding me. How drunk are you that you are cheating on dad right now?"
"I'm actually just buzzed. I think you've had more than me at this point. Also, it isn't cheating if you aren't touching their naked dicks," mom said without ever stopping rubbing the guys.
I let out a grunt in aggravation, crossed my arms across my chest and turned back to the three guys I was talking to.
However the guys' attention was directed at my mom. I quickly uncrossed my arms revealing my tits again and got their attention back on me, rather than my mom giving an over the pants hand job to two dudes. Oh Jesus this night. I kept my back to the two guys and my mom, not wanting to watch her pleasure them. I realized however they were likely staring at my bare ass cheeks while my mom rubbed them. Any which way I would face would only show off other angles of my body so I kept my position.
I kept my cool and pushed on with talking about Runescape more with my three male friends. While maybe not 100% engaged, I kept their attention well enough. Not much later though I could tell something behind me was catching their gaze more and more. I took a deep breath, turned around and found my mom with both guys dicks out of their shorts and in her hands.
"What happen to no touching naked dicks mom?"
"It's not cheating if you just use your hands," she replied.
Both men getting a hand job from my mother nodded in agreement. "Oh, you both agree?" I said sarcastically. "I'm glad we got your unbiased approval on that!"
turned back around. "Can you guys believe her?" But they paid me no heed.
Thinking, I started to take a lesson from my mom and started getting more flirty with my hands, giving my tits subtle wiggles and overall bringing my body up more in conversations.
"... can you imagine if I spilled that on myself while dressed like this?"
"...I'll bet I would have gotten it if I asked if these girls out!"
"...they would have helped if they could see what you guys are seeing, that's for sure."
My strategy worked and the guys seemed to ignore the sexual encounter occurring behind me. All of a sudden though, one of them exclaimed, "Oh shit!' and slowly started heading the direction my mom and her two 'friends' were.
"What are they doing now," I asked while turning around.
Mom had taken it even further and was going back and forth sucking each of the two guys' dicks while continuing to work their shafts with her hand. I didn't even ask how this wasn't cheating as she couldn't answer me anyway with the cock in her mouth. My bigger concern was the three guys around me were now slowly making their way over to her. This was bad. At this rate she was going to have five cocks to contend with. Would she need to offer other methods for all the guys to be pleasured at once?
Cursing my mom in my head, I knew what I had to do. Ever since I got topless for these guys the first time, I figured later in the week I would hook up with one of these guys eventually. A blow job and maybe more. But that would be after a week of getting to know him. And just blowing him, in a private setting, without my mom there. With no more delay I took action.
"You boys fine with just watching or do you want the real thing," I said getting on my knees. Two of them instantly approached me.
"Don't be shy, I can take on three of you," I said hoping to keep my mom to only two guys tonight. He eagerly took my invitation and got his dick out.
With three very erect dicks now in my face, I got to work. I've given blow jobs before, but never more than one at a time. I started off giving each of them about a five second lick. With them all now lubricated, I could easily run my hands up and down the shaft of two dicks while the third was in my mouth. I got into a rhythm with my hands following the stroke pattern of my mouth. I started counting to 10 in my head at which point I would switch out which dick was in my mouth. It felt weird creating a system for sucking and jacking off three dudes, but the other option was one of them feels neglected and seeks greener pastures in the mouth of my mother.
The eroticism of the past two days was also hitting me. Having my body on display for so many men, it felt really good having some guys being equally if not more vulnerable by having their dicks out and in my mouth. Not to mention I hadn't had any sexual relations with a guy in four months. I had missed dick and now I had 3 all to myself. As I was really starting to enjoy myself, one of the two guys my mom was with came while his dick was in her hand, spraying a large amount of semen all over her tits. I suppose hanging out with us the past two days really built up a lot in him. But now I worried that my mom was going to take on one of my three. I felt strongly that it was important to limit my mom to two guys. I needed to get one of these guys to cum fast.
I started really working my tongue and taking deeper and faster strokes on the dudes. When I switched dicks I tried to get some brief sexually stimulating comment out during the change.
"You guys taste so fucking good" or "I really need to taste some cum, like now."
It was when I said "I'm very tempted to pull my thong down" that finally one of the dicks in my hand came in my face which dripped down to my tits.
I wasn't out of this yet though. My mom was putting all of her attention into one single dick. If I could get one more guy to cum on me before she did, I would be all set.
With a hand free, I could start stroking the guy in my mouth. Adding in some moaning in the process and I quickly got my second penis to cum this time in my mouth which I happily swallowed. With only one dick left, I was able to relax, close my eyes and enjoy myself. I slowed down, feeling the texture in my mouth, enjoying the feeling of him rubbing against my lips. Two minutes later my last 'customer' completed in my mouth and my work was finished. I opened my eyes and found mom watching over me, apparently having finished her second guy a minute ago.
"Nice work honey! You really impressed me today." I stupidly said thanks, not fully realizing my mother was complimenting my ability to give blow jobs.
I stood up and announced my mom and I needed to go. I didn't respond to the numerous invites to return tomorrow night. I took my mom by the hand and left. After twenty feet and just as we were stepping back onto a path I realized we both had cum on our chest and faces. Taking a ninety degree turn I directed us towards the ocean water and instructed my mom we should wade in.
The cool water felt good after our vigorous nightly activities. I splashed the water on my chest and slowly the cum washed away. No one was on the beach and certainly not in the water. After almost non-stop attention today, being by ourselves was a welcome break. I also wanted to better understand the implications of our adventures in blowing stranger's dicks tonight.
"What happen tonight mom? Did I just help you cheat on dad? Is this step one in you leaving him?"
"What on earth, of course not. I love your father and always will. Tonight wasn't cheating nor was it about your father. It was about two women, hot women, going on a sexy time vacation escapade."
"Sexy time vacation escapade?" I asked laughing and still a bit drunk.
"Not the most poetic term I could have used, but yes. It's consequence free and temporary. No one gets hurt. Besides it was just blowjobs."
"Yeah," I replied. Mom was making sense, but I still felt guilty. However, no one had engaged in actual intercourse. Hell we didn't even kiss anyone.
"I'm guessing though we aren't telling dad the details about tonight?"
"Oh god no, your dad is worked up enough as it is."
We walked out of the water, back to the lighted path. After blowing three guys, walking past groups of people in only a thong was no longer a big deal. We made it back to the room and fell asleep with the taste of 3 men's seed still in my mouth.
I woke up the next morning in the living area, having slept on the floor while mom slept on the couch. Dad was still asleep in the separate bedroom. Sitting next to mom on the couch was my little sister, wide awake.
"Good morning," I said stretching my arms up in front of her before realizing I was still very topless.
"I saw you and mom last night," she said without warning.
"... walking back from the beach?" I said cautiously as I didn't want to presume anything.
"Sucking dick," she said clearing that up.
"Jenna, we...," I started to say before she continued speaking.
"You both are having all of these amazing new experiences on this trip while I'm just a background character. I'm a woman too you know. I'm just a sexual as both of you. I want to have experiences too."
"Jenna, you have a boyfriend at home. I don't want you to ruin that," I whispered, hoping to encourage her to keep the blow job talk quiet.
I also realized me pointing out her being in a relationship as a reason not to get sexual rang rather hollow considering mom was there.
"I'm not talking about sucking stranger's dicks. I want to be topless with you guys today."
Hearing that, mom sat up. "That's a great idea honey! But you are right, I've been encouraging Jenna to become more adventurous this trip but not you. I'm sorry about that."
Jenna grabbed the hand of her topless mother, gave it a squeeze and smiled. It was nice, but I needed to broach the topic of her boyfriend again.
"I support you doing that as well, but I just want you to make sure you realize Rick won't like it if he learns you let a resort full of guys stare at your naked breast for a week."
"It isn't cheating if you aren't touching their naked dicks," Jenna said smiling at mom who nodded in agreement. "It's not about sex for me, it's about feeling powerful and confident. Once we get back home, he'll be the only one to see my naked breast ever again. But not until I'm ready to take the relationship to that level in a few more years."
Mom then yelled out towards the room dad was in, "Honey, Jenna is going to go topless today like Lena and me, just so you know."
You could hear crashing noises in the room as dad was likely taken aback hearing his youngest daughter's bare chest would soon be eye candy for everyone to see. He came out of the room ready to argue.
"Honey, you understand now how your behavior is impacting our children right? You are slowly, well not even slowly, pushing them down a path of sexual deviancy."
After not getting a response from mom, he turned to me. "Lena, she's your little sister. You know what could happen when a pack of horny men get bold enough." I followed mom's lead and didn't respond either.
Finally dad faced Jenna herself, "Rick doesn't deserve this Jenna. Knowing you showed off your body like this can drive a man crazy. I don't know if your relationship will stand it."
Jenna however did choose to respond. "Dad. Everyone has been telling you the same thing. This isn't about hurting Rick or you. It's for us." With that she took off her pajama top releasing her own D-cup breast.
Thus us three women got ready for the day. My sister wore her bikini bottom's and mom and I wore our tiny thong bottoms. I had planned on proposing to mom we don't wear the thongs out in the day, but discussion on Jenna's naked boobs made me forget about that till we were already out and about. Jenna cutely held my hand walking to breakfast as I imagine she was rather nervous. However after about the twentieth guy complimented her, she relaxed. Today dad walked behind us, having given up trying to hide us after our topless concert yesterday. Breakfast was again paid for by other tables. In fact, rather than paying the bill directly, they simply put cash on the table for us. We ended up with more than our meal cost. My mom whispered jokingly (I hoped) that maybe next time we should let them put the cash in straps of our thongs.
We finished the meal and head to our morning activity. On the walk there I looked around at the other guest. I had wondered, and maybe hoped, that my mom and I baring our bodies yesterday would inspire to other women to do the same. But that didn't seem to be the case. My family seemed to have a monopoly on public nudity at the resort. Dad was excited for today's activity, parasailing. Maybe he looked forward to the thrill of being a hundred feet in the air. Or maybe he was excited for his nearly naked wife and daughters to be a hundred feet away from the crowds. Who knows.
The guy in charge of parasailing greeted us warmly. Apparently he had seen our topless singing show yesterday. He even complimented Jenna for becoming confident enough to follow her family's 'path'. After a safety walk through, he was ready to get our harnesses on. He started with my dad and then next went to my mom. The issue was the harness had a strap that ran along the lower chest. Normally this wouldn't be weird, but putting it on for three topless large breasted women was a different matter. Getting the straps on correctly required a lot of 'handling' of mom. Dad upon noticing this offered to do it, but was turned down as he was already hooked in and the job had to be done by a trained person. What didn't help was mom's sexual commentary while he was doing it. After a couple of minutes it was done and he moved onto me. I kept quiet but fully aware I was being extensively groped while he tried his best to get me ready. Him being very handsome and the previous night's fun actually made me find the process rather exciting. Despite blowing three dudes, I hadn't actually been groped yet.
Jenna was last and she kept her eyes closed. I didn't know if she was expecting this to happen when she agreed to go topless today. Maybe this was her limit and was starting to feel bad for her boyfriend back home. But the process was done and a few minutes later we were in the air. Once we were airborne, dad began asking if we were going any higher. We were about 50 feet in the air. After a few minutes of being pulled by the boat along the shoreline, it became obvious this was as high as we were going to get.
Despite what my dad may have hoped, the people below were close enough where we could easily be seen, tits and all. We traveled about 10 minutes along the coast. This meant we were going well beyond the confides of just our resort. In total, we must have given fifteen different resorts a great view of our naked tits in the air. As an added bonus, we turned around and came back along the same shoreline. This allowed word to get to the other guest in the resort who weren't on the beach the first time. On the way back the beaches seemed to have almost triple the number of people, if not more. The crowds cheered as we went by again, like a big boobed kite. Dad claimed he was feeling air sick and closed his eyes for the return trip.
After a soft landing the man began removing our harnesses, starting with Jenna and going the reserve order from before. While he was incidentally causing Jenna's boobs to jiggle from contact with his hand, he remarked, "I haven't seen the beaches that excited for parasailing in a long time. Let me know if you want to do it again." I'm quite sure that would be very willing.
As usual, the lunch line was long but our celebrity (ie our naked boobs) got us to the head of the line.
Walking past the crowd at a good pace causing her boobs to have a slight bounce, mom commented, "Oh good. We only have an hour till our yoga class we reserved."
Lunch was good and we made over 400 dollars.
Yoga was something dad wasn't wanting to do, even before the girls in his family started dressing as casually as we had been. He offered to walk with us over to the studio and then meet us afterwards. The studio was packed with a large line of people, almost all men, trying to get in.
"Thank gosh we made reservations," mom declared. "This instructor must be very good."
Dad waited in line with us. As we got towards front of the line, we could overhear the female instructor try and deal with the crowd.
"I'm sorry, but for whatever reason my class today is extremely popular. I normally only get maybe 10 people, but about an hour ago I started getting over a hundred walk-in request from all these guys. I can fit you in the corner. That space in the front is for a group of ladies you actually made a reservation."
The group of men entered the studio and we had finally reached the front of the line. The instructor turned to greet us.
"Hello, I'm not sure I can...." she stopped and stared at our bare chests. "Oh wow. Ummm, I'm starting to piece together somethings. I'm going to assume you three are the last of my reservations?"
"Yes, us three. He won't be staying. Bye honey," mom said giving dad a light shove.
He walked slowly away surveying the large group of men in the studio.
"Great, ummm, I would highly recommend wearing workout clothes for yoga. Maybe tights and a t-shirt. We have time if you want to go back to your room and get dressed, I mean changed," the instructor offered, clearly trying to head off what was coming.
"We're fine as we are. Is that us in front," mom said walking in.
The instructor took a deep breath and told the large group behind us that the studio was full. Rather than leave, the guys gathered around the large glass window walls of the studio.
The instructor took her place at the front of the class. "Well it looks like we might have an audience today," she laughed nervously looking at the crowd outside before turning and seeing three topless women standing in front of her.
"Okay, well I'm Nicole and I'll be leading the class. Let's get started."
I had done yoga many times before but wearing standard workout clothes. I highly suspected doing it while wearing the tiniest of thongs may not be the best idea, let alone topless. I looked behind me at the nearly 100 guys staring at our bare asses.
"We are going to start off on the ground, sitting with our legs crossed."
Over the next 10 minutes we did rather basic stretches on the ground. Nothing too embarrassing, but I almost laughed when we were told to lie on our backs and the all the men behind us elected to skip that stretch, for some reason. After that the instructor had us stand up.
"Okay.... ummm for this next one.... we are going to do... downward facing dog, Jesus...."
With our feet planted on the mat, we walked our hands forward on the ground, the result being our upper and lower bodies made a right angle, without asses sticking up the air. I had put my hand back there and check to ensure what little material was present there was keeping my cooter covered.
"Guys, it's very important that you keep your heads down. Guys. I don't want you to strain your necks, oh never fucking mind," the instructor was noticing the majority of guys looking up towards the front of the class where the three of us were situated.
"Next we will be doing the extended sideward pose. While standing on one foot, you will extend out your other leg straight outwards so that it is horizontal to the ground. If you feel comfortable, you can extend it upwards as well."
Taking another deep breath, she continued, "I want to emphasize that this is a difficult pose and that if you haven't attempted it before, please do try it. No shame to anyone who elects to sit this one out." Her eyes came to rest upon the three topless women in front of her.
After a pause mom spoke up, "Oh, my girls and I do yoga often. We've actually done this pose numerous times and are pretty good at it."
"Ah, of course you are. Why wouldn't you be," the instructor said.
Surprisingly, almost the entire class except the three of us elected to sit this one out. Starting with our right leg extended out, we managed to stretch it out to about the 2 o'clock position. This had the expected effect of spreading our crotch wide open. In order to keep my balance, I couldn't put a hand at my thong to ensure everything was covered. All I could do was pray the barely half inch wide material stayed in place. While it did stay it place, the material scrunched up, exposing almost everything around my pussy. At this point I might as well have had a single string of yarn covering me.
When we released I became aware that the entire group of men behind me had shifted to the right to improve their view. My mother and I must have fantastic form I joked in my head. The men started to shift to the left getting ready for my next pose. Luckily the men behind me couldn't all get a great angle to see my barely covered pussy. However, with my left leg extended, the many men watching outside the window were perfectly positioned to see everything. They pressed their faced against the glass and held their breaths as to avoid fogging.
"Okay, good work everyone," she said despite only three people actually did the stretch. "For no specific reason, I wanted to let you all know that I'm required to run through an approved list of poses. I'm not allowed to change what poses we do in this class. With that said, for our final poses we will.... be doing the wide leg forward fold pose."
The instructor almost looked ashamed to say it. Mom excitedly clapped her hands. For this pose, from a standing position you spread your legs apart as far as you can. You then bend your upper body downwards to where your head is pointing to the floor. Dear lord in heaven I couldn't have asked for a more revealing pose to do in a thong.
I got ready and spread my legs pausing before bending over. As I started bending over I could feel more and more of my asshole getting exposed, not to mention my pussy. The instructor tried to get the crowd to stretch and not just watch me and mom expose our pussies.
"I want everyone to give this a try. Please guys? This isn't a peep show. You're suppose to be improving your own body, not watching others do it. Fuck it, whatever." She left in a huff and the three of us got up and gathered our things.
We headed out of studio and the men outside erupted into applause when we walked by. I was beyond embarrassed while mom gave them her patented topless two handed wave. The crowd dispersed over time and we found dad sitting well away from the studio.
"What were they all cheering about? Wait. I probably don't want to know," he said.
We started heading back to our rooms, agreeing with dad's proposal, or rather plea, to eat dinner again in the room.
On they way, a man hanging out with presumably his wife saw us walking by and lifted up his camera, hoping to get a picture of three women walking topless. His wife elbowed him and told him not to. Mom, seeing this, stopped.
"It's okay if you want to take a picture of us. We would be happy to."
Dad objected. "What? No way. Sir you cannot take a picture of my wife and daughter's naked bodies."
Mom pushed him away, "We aren't naked and you don't get to tell us that."
Dad continued to the room in a huff. "Girls, come here. Let's get a picture."
I slowly walked to her. Are we really letting our tits be captured on camera? We have no idea who this guy is or what he might do with images of our naked boobs. I might be minutes from my nipples being posted on the internet. However the guy was married and didn't seem like a creep. I stood next to mom with Jenna on the other side. I smiled and the picture was taken.
But then a second guy came in from nowhere and told us to stay there for another picture. Then a third, fourth, fifth guy showed up with cameras. Soon I had no idea how many cameras and phones now contained images of my bare chest. Plus that of my mother and little sister. Finally after every guy within 100 meters secured his own personal image of us. There was no way I wasn't going to end up on the internet and I had just let it happen without complaint. The crowd dissipated and we got back to our room.
After dinner, dad went to nap in the bedroom, leaving the topless members of the family to talk among ourselves.
"Jenna, you should join us tonight. We're gonna hang out with those boys some more," mom said. Jenna indicated she had been planning on it.
"Let's take a minute here to think first guys," I said maybe thinking it would be best to take the night off. "Mom and I really let things escalate last night. They are only going to expect more tonight and now we are bringing our 18-year-old sister slash daughter. They'll be expecting her to participate in as well."
"Lena, I'm not going to let some horny asshole do anything to me that I'm not 100% comfortable with."
Jenna's forceful response took me by surprise and I let the topic go. Apparently I'm bringing my topless virgin sister to meet the five guys mom and I blew last night.
By sundown, dad was still napping so we left him a note. I'm hoping he expected Jenna to go with us, although I'm sure he was prepared to argue had he been awake. On the topless walk over there, I spoke with mom.
"I think it's best if we keep things to blow jobs, right? Also we should probably keep the guys entertained ourselves so Jenna doesn't feel pressured."
Mom ignored me so I tried again, "You can't have sex with these guys, you know that? The blow jobs might be a weird grey area where we can convince ourselves it's not cheating, but sexual intercourse is very clearly cheating on dad."
"My thong is staying on honey. I can't very well have sex with it on can I," she said finally acknowledging me. Good, she set a clear boundary.
A minute away from arriving, I spoke with Jenna. "Mom and I are planning on blowing the guys again tonight, okay? Feel free to talk with and enjoy the attention they give you. But mom and me will satisfy them."
That was probably the last thing I ever expected to tell my little sister. "Oh, I have your permission to talk with them? Thanks Lena," my sister said picking up her pace.
"That's not what..." but we had arrived.
The most obvious thing I noticed when we got there was it was no longer five guys, but rather eight.
I questioned this. "Oh, you guys brought...friends?"
"Yeah, we met these guys earlier and they are really cool. I thought you might like to meet them. This is Jay, Raymond, and... ummm"
The guy he was pointing to spoke up, "Damon, nice to meet you."
"And actually my name is Henry, not Jay," another corrected.
Great, I could tell they were real good friends. Why bring more guys anyway? Wouldn't that just mean less time for each of them to get blown? I really hope they weren't whoring us out for money.
"Who is your friend Lena's mom?" I really hated that they called her that and worst she seems to like being called that.
"This is Jenna, my youngest daughter and Lena's sister."
A couple of the guys high fived hearing this. We've been here a minute and I already deeply regret it.
"Lena's mom, all of your daughters are so beautiful. But that isn't a surprise given how hot their mom is. I'm glad she has the fashion sense of your oldest daughter as well," one of the original guys said, staring at her chest.
A lot of the guys started crowding around Jenna, asking her a lot of questions and showering her with compliments. She looked to be glowing but I was worried things were going to quickly escalate like they did last night with my mom before I noticed too late. I knew what I had to do, even though it was going to be very embarrassing.
"Hey guys, who is ready to get their dick sucked? I know I'm ready to suck. I'll bet my mom is ready too," I announced and nearly died in embarrassment.
"Honey, it's okay if we just talk for a little while first," my mom responded to my call for dicks to be put in our mouths.
However the guys were already lining up with their cocks out. Mom shrugged and got down on her knees as well. While last night I had my back to her, I realized I had positioned myself poorly when I made my announcement and now was going to be giving head right next to my mother.
With eight guys now here, mom and I both took on three each. My efforts yesterday to limited her exposure now seemed pointless. The three new guys were spread among mom and I. The other three wanted to experience a blow job from the daughter or mother of the woman that sucked them off yesterday. Thus all three dicks I was currently jerking or sucking were new to me.
The concern was even with the two with our hands (and mouths) full of dick, that left two guys talking with my topless little sister. They seemed to be behaving currently, but my experience yesterday taught me that wouldn't be for long. Once again I needed to focus on getting one of these gentlemen to cum. Anyhow, anywhere. Mom was on my side this time as well. A blast of cum on tits frees her up to take on one of the extra two guys.
As I switched the positions of the dicks and took a new one in my mouth, I became hyper aware of my mom being right next to me. I couldn't get myself to moan or talk dirty like I did yesterday, it would be too embarrassing. I also kept taking note of what she was doing. One dick she would slow down and move her lips along gracefully. The next she would lick the tip of for a bit before taking it in. It was making me self-conscious of my almost robotic style I was using to give head to these three guys. I closed my eyes and just focused on the taste and feel of men.
I kept telling myself one of them was going to cum any second, but then two minutes later nothing had happen. It was frustrating. After what might have been 10 minutes, I opened my eyes back up to access the situation. I look over at mom and was distressed to see the same 3 cocks in her mouth and hands. But something was different, or rather missing.
I took the dick out of my mouth and asked my mom, "Where is your thong? Why are you naked?"
She couldn't answer due to the 7 inches she had in her mouth and didn't elect to take a break from it. Instead, she lifted her shoulders and made a sound mimicking 'I don't know'. I looked around the sand to see if I could see it. My eyes were eventually drawn to where Jenna was. One of the guys had their dick planted firmly in her mouth while she clasped the 2nd guy's cock with both of her hands. Worse, the man she was giving the handy to had his hands down the front of her bikini bottoms.
This was bad. Mom was fully nude removing the boundary she herself set to prevent her from having sexual intercourse. Meanwhile Jenna had taken things even farther than I have. She might be five minutes from letting one of these guys rail her and take her virginity. I didn't know what to do, but was suddenly relieved to have the two cocks in my hand last their loads on my tits at the same time. The man whose dick I had taken out of my mouth indicated he was about to cum and after taking him back into my mouth, almost instantly shot his load down my throat. Looking back at my now naked mother, all three of her friends had backed off after painting cum on her face and tits. It was the happiest I had ever been in response to six guys cumming on and in my mother and me.
I got up and approached Jenna's two would be lovers. "Do you need a hand or mouth over here? I'm happy to help," I offered.
Jenna slowly withdrew the cock from her mouth and swallowed. She then put the other cock in her mouth, stroked it a couple of times with her lips, then repeated the same slow withdraw and swallow. She had just blew both guys to completion. He first and second blowjobs ever.
"Nope" she said. I went back and grabbed my mom's hand, assuming her thong was lost for good then grabbed the hand of my little sister would had just lost her oral virginity.
"Thanks guys, we need to go," was all I said while eventually guiding both women to the quiet area of the beach mom and I had washed in last night.
We sat in the water for a bit, while the cum of six guys we had just pleasured floated around us.
"Anyone want to explain what happen back there," I asked.
Jenna spoke up, "We showed up nearly naked and sucked off a bunch of guys. That was the plan. That's what you both did yesterday."
"That wasn't the plan for you! At no point did we talk about getting fingered either, but you did! Are you looking to break Rick's heart?"
"Why is it when I suck dick it's cheating but you are fine inviting those guys to get their dick sucked by mom, who is married," Jenna argued not addressing my comment on Rick.
Feeling myself losing that fight, I addressed my fully naked mom. "And you mom, what happen to being fine as long as you kept your thong on?"
"I didn't do anything though. I kept all of those boys' penises above my waist," mom answered.
I stood in the waist high water silent. Mom came over and put her hands on my hips, getting oddly close to me.
"I know a lot is happening and you aren't use to seeing your mom and sister act like women. But we are. Are you are also. Just relax. You have this incredible body and you are young," she ran her hands over my naked chest.
"You shouldn't be so afraid of getting yourself out there. Men would kill a chance to get this close to your naked breast. Not to mention that ass!" She then took her hands to my backside and gave both of my ass cheeks a hard squeeze.
"Mom!" I yelled backing up.
"I'm just teasing you honey," she said but continued to stare at my body.
"We should head back," I said leaving the water. "We need to be careful. You're totally naked mom which isn't allowed. We should try and sneak back as best we can."
"You're right Lena, it is against the rules...," mom said trailing off.
We managed to get back and found dad wasn't even awake, thus avoiding questions as to why his wife returned naked from a party with a punch of college boys. Tired both psychically and mentally, sleep found me fast after I laid down.
The next morning I woke up to an verbal fight between mom and dad.
"But why! Why do you need to let people see you like that," dad yelled.
I was worried maybe he had found out about what we had been doing the past two nights.
"What's going on?" I asked fearing the worst.
"Good morning honey! Oh your dad is always upset. But this time he is upset because I went out early this morning and found the resort manager. He has agreed to give you, me and Jenna special permission to be fully naked anywhere in the resort. Here he even had these printed."
Mom handed me the flier. It read that effective immediately, the three of us and only us three, had permission to be fully naked anywhere, anytime at the resort. Any staff member or guest giving us a hard time about being naked would be face consequences.
I looked up from the paper and mom continued. "He's put these up all over the resort and sent them to all staff members along with our pictures so they will know we are allowed to be fully nude."
"Fantastic," dad said throwing his hands in the air.
"Honey, the thongs we were wearing didn't cover anything. We've already been basically naked," mom tried to reassure him, but dad seemed to have given up.
Mom was already fully nude, showing off her fully shaven pussy. Jenna removed her bikini bottoms and joined her. They looked to me, still wearing the thong bottoms from yesterday.
"I'm going to stick with these," I said.
While they didn't cover much, the difference between them and fully nude seemed like a canyon to me that I didn't want to cross.
"Whatever you like honey," mom said smiling, but I felt like she was judging me a bit for it.
"At least she has some sense," dad said to me, his oldest daughter who was about to head out to the crowded resort wearing only a thong.
We headed out to the restaurant and I noticed a lot less male gaze directed at me compared to my two nude companions. Breakfast was pretty standard and continued the trend of us making money on this vacation based on the 'tips' we were receiving in the form of people over paying for our meals. In the morning we had scheduled beach volleyball originally, but my sister and mom thought better of this now that their outfits wouldn't block sand from getting anywhere. We canceled that plan and spent the morning walking around and exploring the resort. I thought dad may have started to relax and maybe get use to people seeing his daughter's and wife's pussies.
Another profitable meal at lunch and we traveled to our afternoon activity, limbo. Two fully naked very curvy women playing limbo went exactly as you would expect. We drew a huge crowd, particularly on one side of the bar. Bending under the bar provided the crowd a very unique view of their bodies. The competition had no one other than us three. While I wasn't the crowd favorite I received a lot of excitement from the crowd with my tits out and tiny thong on display. Normally limbo competitions would have them lower the bar after every round, but in this one they seemed to keep at the same level. My family and I essentially kept bending underneath the bar, putting our bodies on display, over and over until finally we called it a day. Dad didn't even bother hanging around and we found him back at the room afterwards.
I talked to mom about how dad was looking so miserable today.
"Oh he's just frustrated. I think he needs to get laid," she responded.
When I asked why doesn't she just have sex with him she said, "That would be too embarrassing to do something sexual like while you girls are near."
"Mom, I've seen you blow like five guys in the past two days."
"Honey, stop. You are making me blush," mom said dismissively.
Dropping that topic, I brought up the big one on my mind. "We shouldn't go back to that group of guys again tonight. With what happen last night, they'll probably have over a dozen guys show up and we don't have any more sisters, mothers or daughters to bring. We're gonna get gang banged for sure."
I feared I was immediately going to get shamed for suggesting that but Jenna brought up a good alternative.
"We haven't hit any of the night clubs yet. What if we go dancing instead?"
"Yeah! I like that idea," mom excitedly said.
I was so happy to hear that and agreed. "We can wear some dresses and really let loose. It will be exciting!"
Mom gave me a disappointed look, "I was going to go naked, you should too. Dresses can be fun to tease your body but why tease when we can be the center of male attention by showing up in the buff?" Jenna nodded in agreement.
I started to see this going south. "It's one thing to go topless or nude on the beach. Showing up to a night club naked is an invitation to, you know."
"Let guys have sex with you," mom said finishing my sentence. "No, the only invitation for sex is actually saying out loud that you want someone to have sex with you."
"Yes, but..."
"You wear what you want Lena. But I think you should go nude. You'll find it feels even better than just topless. That thong is acting like barrier to you relaxing and having fun," mom lectured.
Barrier to having fun? What mother would tell her daughter who's blown five strangers and let maybe 500 guys see her naked tits and ass that she isn't having enough fun yet? How many dicks need to cum in my mouth before she is content?
Evening arrived and we were getting ready to head to the club. It takes surprisingly little time to get ready when all you were wearing is a thong and some heels.
"It would be improper for a lady to show off her feet," my mom said laughing.
The club was crowded, which for once I think wasn't due to the expected arrival of large breasted topless women. We took to the floor and started dancing. The male attention was instant. Each of us became surrounded by maybe ten guys. I picked one from my 'harem' and spent a song dancing with them. I let him put his hands all over me and rub against me. I pushed my bare ass cheeks into him and convince myself I could feel his hard dick stuck in his pants. Sorry, I thought, guys didn't get special permission to get naked also.
I put my hands wherever I wanted to him and teased him with light kissing. At the end of the song I told him, "sorry, one dance per customer," and replaced him with another stranger and repeated the process. I loved the feeling of being passed around. I loved the one-on-one attention the guy would give me while being surrounded by men begging for a turn as they watched my tits move to the music.
I told myself I was going to focus only on myself and not police mom and my little sister. I successfully did this for an hour, letting maybe a dozen guys dance and feel me up. But my brain couldn't let me completely forget them and I panicked when I couldn't see them anywhere on the dance floor. I gave an excuse to my fan club that I needed to use the restroom and left the floor looking for signs of them.
I started asking guys if they had seen any naked women walking by. I was directed towards a hallway in the corner of the club. Following the hallway I turned the corner to find my own naked mother and a guy with his face planted right in-between her widely spread legs. She also had another guy's dick in her mouth and another in her hand, because why wouldn't there be.
She moved the dick in her mouth to her hand loudly announced she was having an orgasm. She then noticed me.
"Hi honey!" she said while sweat dripped off of her.
"Mom! Did you have sex with these guys?"
"What, no! I'm a married woman!" she declared.
"Right..." I said watching her stroke two dicks. "I've just been letting these guys take turns going down on me. We've given so much pleasure I figure its time they return the favor. This guy here has been the best at it."
"Can I talk to you without having a guy lick your pussy at the same time? Or anyone getting their dicks pleasured. I can't find Jenna."
"Let me finish these two off then I'll help you look. I think cumming four times is enough for now anyway."
Four times I thought giving her body a look over. A woman can cum four times in less than an hour?
I waited nearby as mom finished up her two new guy friends. She wisely had both cum in her mouth avoiding walking back into the club with cum covered tits. She thanked the boys (shouldn't they be thanking her?) and we finally went looking for Jenna. I'm glad mom has her priorities right and made sure to not leave any dicks unsatisfied before looking for your youngest daughter who is naked and lost in a club.
We started asking around the club about naked women sightings that weren't myself or my mom. That led us to another secluded area where we found Jenna and she was far from alone. I would estimate she was surrounded by 15 guys all with their dicks out. Seven of them or so she was actively alternating between sucking and jerking off. The other guys were jerking themselves off while feeling up her whole body. One of them was fingering her pussy rather vigorously. Her tits and face had a lot of cum on them which made me question how many she had already pleasured. The club could likely keep her supplied with hard dicks for the whole night. Unlike I did with my mom, I wasn't going to wait for my little sister to finish sucking her queue of cocks.
I waded into the sea of erections to retrieve my sister. Pushing the penis out of it, I grabbed her left hand and pulled her away to the anger of a lot of horny guys.
"What the fuck bitch?" Jenna protested.
I wasn't going to stop and explain myself. I grabbed my mom by the other hand and kept walking. I led my cum covered little sister and pussy soaked mother back through the crowded night club and out the door. Outside, I was determined to make it to our secluded beach area to once again wash cum off our bodies. It was situated farther away from the club meaning my sister had to walk the lighted paths with glistening cum on her chest and face. We endured the comments from guys telling us we looked like we had some fun and to invite them next time but made it to the water.
Jenna was livid. "Why are you so pissed off whenever I follow your lead and suck dicks? The only time you have let me enjoy myself is when you have some stranger's cock in your mouth. As soon as you run out of men, your priority is getting the men away from me."
"That wasn't you sucking a couple of cocks Jenna. That was the start of an orgy that would have had you getting rammed by strangers all night. You let it get out of hand," I yelled.
Mom finally stepped in, "We are all feeling a lot of emotions right now. I was too, but you know what helped? Letting three dudes go down on me for an hour. We've been so focused on getting these guys off, we need to get some release ourselves."
I looked at my mom's wet body shine in the moonlight. "Are you seriously suggesting if we let a bunch of dudes lick our pussies everything will be solved?"
"No," mom explained. "We are on a once in a lifetime vacation. Let's do a once in a lifetime thing. Let's get laid. All of us."
I sprung up out of the water. "You're suggesting you fully cheat on dad and Jenna give her virginity up to a stranger rather tha the man she may end up marrying back home?"
Mom walked up to me and hugged my face into her chest. "Once in a lifetime opportunity, Lena. Let me have this. I love your father but I've never been with another man."
I slowly pushed her away, getting a hand full of her tits in the process. "Okay, okay. I admit I really need some strange dick in my pussy too. But let's set some rules. First, Jenna can't have sex. If she want to get laid, she can break up with her boyfriend when we get back home and then walk into the men's shower naked at the YMCA for all I care. But not here."
Jenna crossed her arms and gave me a face. "You can have a guy go down on you though." That seemed to perk her up.
"We'll head back to the club and each find one guy. Only one. I'll find a guy with a room we can use. I'm not having sex in the club." Everyone was in agreement with that. "Finally, we are first going to go buy condoms for mom and I. No unprotected sex." I know mom had her tubes tied a while back and couldn't get pregnant, but I wanted to have this rule in place at least.
After buying the condoms I realized I had no where to put them. I was going to end up walking into the club 98% naked and holding condoms. If I couldn't get laid tonight I was going to become a nun. In the club we split up, agreeing to meet back at the front in 15 minutes. I had a particular man in mind that I greatly enjoyed dancing with and was able to find him back on the floor.
"Hey big guy, do you have your own private room here at the resort? A room you and I could hook up in? Also I have a couple of friends who would like to bring their date to it as well."
The guy agreed and we headed back to the front. Telling him the truth that my friends were my mother and sister was too weird.
We found mom waiting, but with 2 guys. "What the hell? We agreed on 1 guy each."
"I can take both of these guys on at once if you know what I mean," mom said with a wink. She then looked to my date introducing herself, "Hi, I'm Lena's mom."
"Oh shit. You are the 2nd girl looking to hook up in my room, with 2 guys? Damn you guys are kinky family. Who is this 3rd girl going to be, your sister?" He said with a laugh.
Right then my naked sister showed up with five guys in tow. "Fuck Jenna. We said 1 guy!" "Fuck you Lena. You get to have sex. If you are limiting me to just oral, I'm bringing five guys."
Being done with getting further embarrassed, the guy led our sex parade to his room not too far away. Entering the room I was confused to find one bed.
"You have only one bed? I guess we are taking turns then mom."
"Nonsense honey, you and I can both fit." She then laid down on the bed and one of her two friends immediately got on top of her and put his cock, already sporting the condom, into her. The 2nd guy positioned himself and entered her ass. Mom was already getting vocal. None of this bothered Jenna as she was already on the floor getting and receiving oral sex while her other guys watched her and my mom.
My guy was naked, hard, and ready. He pulled down my thong and laid me on the empty space on the bed. I was right about the bed being small. Laying down my arm was pressed up against my mothers. It was hitting me that I was going to be having sex in the same bed as my mom. The man put the condom on his dick and then entered me. I was very ready for this and my body welcomed the feeling of his 5 inch dick inside me. I've had bigger but with the amount of sexual tension I had built up, it was exactly what I needed.
I couldn't get myself to close my eyes, I wanted to keep an eye on the happenings in the room. Jenna was very close to an orgasm by the sounds of it. I watched her for a bit. She looked so beautiful and graceful moving her head back and forth on the dick while keeping her lower half stationary for the guy giving her pussy a tongue lashing. Mom was also impressive. The two guys were going to town on her pussy and ass and she was loving it. Unlike Jenna who was building up to an orgasm, mom sounded like she was having a constant one, loudly moaning. Her tits bouncing from the dicks inside her.
I hadn't been paying attention to my body and was almost shocked when I started shaking from the beginning of an orgasm. After it was over I felt no embarrassment or shame, just the warm glow over my whole body. Our family orgy lasted another 20 minutes during which time I managed to get to a 2nd orgasm during sex for the first time in my life. Jenna almost seemed to have countless orgasms as the guys would keep switching out. The guy finished in the condom and dismounted me. The man in mom's pussy finished first, leaving her to get solely ass fucked for a few minutes.
Slowly our partners started leaving. Not wanting to overstay our welcome I got mom up and waited for Jenna to finish off her last dick, telling her to take her time. With that last one finished, we weirdly thanked the guy for letting us use the room and left. As soon as the door was shut I realized I had left my thong, but decided I rather walk home nude than go back for it. For the first time I walked the resort fully naked, hiding no secrets from the crowds.
On walk back mom kept talking loudly how awesome that was, saying she never felt like such a complete woman. She hugged Jenna and said how proud she was of her letting all those guys get her to cum that many time. Next she stepped in front of me, stopping me in my tracks. She put her arms around me a drew me in close.
"I know you were very hesitant to do this tonight. I've never felt closer to you than being on that bed tonight with you. You were so gorgeous." Mom then leaned in and kissed me on the lips. After a few seconds I pushed away.
"Woah. Okay someone had some drinks in the club," I said being embarrassed I let the kiss last the few seconds it did.
"I haven't had a drop of alcohol tonight." She looked at me with a wink.
That night, having gotten off finally, I slept fantastically.
Waking up to the fifth day of our vacation, I was looking forward to going out that day fully naked. My thong was long gone and now just a souvenir for that stranger. I got mom and Jenna up and told them to get ready. Five minutes later mom said dad was claiming not to feel well and would be staying in the room today. Poor guy. We left for breakfast. The walk to the restaurant was awesome. I loved getting the full attention again, now that I had caught up with mom and Jenna in terms of our lack of clothes. At the restaurant, friendly tables over paying our bill generated over a thousand dollars for us. And we didn't even have to give anyone a lap dance.
Later that morning, we had some free time and decided to just hang out in a high traffic area, basking in the male gaze. One man finally got the courage to approach us and ask for pictures. Having already done this the day before, we agreed. The only difference is that images of my naked pussy were being captured. Like clockwork, he was joined by over a hundred men all wanting pictures.
"Girls, let's show them some more," mom said turning around and bending over.
Jenna instantly joined her in the position. I stood their for a few seconds staring at my mom's ass (which probably made for a great picture itself I'm sure) before reluctantly mimicking their position.
"You boys want to see me more," mom asked before reaching her hands behind her. Was she spreading her ass cheeks? I put my hands on my butt as well and slightly spread them. More than I intended judging by the breeze I felt hit me.
Finally we stood back up from that embarrassing position and I thought that may be it for pictures of our naked bodies, but mom had other ideas.
"Girls, hold me up." Mom then jumped up in between us spreading her legs. I instinctively grabbed one of her legs as Jenna grabbed the other. Mom put her arms around our shoulders. The end result was my mom was spreadeagled for the guys with her legs held apart by her naked daughters. After getting let down, mom then pressed herself right up against me. She hugged a leg around me and put her arms around my stomach and lower back. Her bare pussy was pressed against my side. I stood there not knowing how to act.
Suddenly she took it much further. One hand went down to my ass and the second to my naked breast. When I turned to face her I was met with her mouth kissing me and even pushing her tongue into my throat. I didn't know why she was doing this and I finally pulled my head back and moved away from her. I announced the show was over and walked away, with sister and mom trailing me. Getting some distance from the crowd I turned and faced my mom.
"What the fuck was that?"
"I wanted to give those guys some fun pictures. A lot of guys have mother-daughter fetishes."
"And god forbid we don't give those guys some JO material. When those guys post those pictures on the internet, and they will, our little lesbian adventure will available to be seen by anyone. Not to mention our assholes as well, thanks for that!"
Jenna caught up and spoke in mom's defense. "What's big deal, you were already filmed having sex yesterday. How is this a bigger deal?"
I looked at my sister in disbelief. "When the fuck was I filmed having sex? Who had a camera?"
"A couple of guys that were waiting for me to blow them got their phones out and started filming me. They were getting impatient, why wouldn't they start filming? And you guys looked hot on that bed. Who can blame them for filming you? You were staring at mom for a while and didn't notice I guessed." Jenna said all of that so fucking calmly like it was a reasonable thing to do.
"There are two guys with videos of me having sex next to my mom? Jesus Christ Jenna. What if they post that?"
"Oh they posted it for sure. At least that's what they told me," again Jenna said way too calmly.
"Did you make sure they sent your long term boyfriend the link? " Jenna gave me a middle finger in reply.
I had no idea what to do. We didn't know the names of any of those guys, by design. I had no way of stopping it. I could only hope they didn't title it using my name. 'Lena cums on a big fat cock while staring at her mom getting railed' God kill me.
Mom tried to calm me down. "Relax honey. A lot of women let themselves get filmed having sex."
"Next to their mother?" I asked angrily.
She continued, "Listen, tonight when we go back to the club, we'll make sure the guys we pick up don't bring their phones."
I walked away fuming. "Back to the club? Guys we pick up? We agreed last night was a one time thing. Now we are going back for more sex? Are you ever not going to be slut?"
Mom looked ready to slap me. I said I can't even look at them and stormed off on my own. I needed to think.
After running for a few minutes, I was confident I had evaded anyone who may have followed me. I started walking up and down the beach thinking. Numerous guys interrupted me asking for pictures which I agreed to. But I finally found some time to myself to think.
Mom had been married to Dad over 25 years. She was five years younger than even I am now. Hell, she had a five year old daughter by the time she was my age. Now, she was seeing me as what could have been. What she missed out on. I believe her when she said she didn't want to leave dad. But she wanted a week to experience what she missed out on. Not only that, she was pushing me and Jenna to make sure we were enjoying our youth as well.
Having come to fully appreciate where my mom was coming from, I set out to find her. I needed to apologize. Heading back to where I last left them, I noticed a large crowd nearby. Pushing my way through it I found mom. I found mom getting railed by a guy my age while she moaned loudly. Worst, five feet behind her I watched as another guy was fucking my little sister.
"Jenna!" I yelled. "You let this guy take your virginity!"
She looked up at me. "No I didn't. I let that guy take my virginity." She pointed to a happy looking man nearby. "Or him? One of those three guys over there was first at least."
Her current partner was finished it seems and withdrew from my sister's pussy. I was shocked to see her wide opened pussy leaking cum.
"You're having sex without protection?"
She got up, looked around and took the hand of a guy from the crowd and led him to the table she was just getting plowed on.
"Neither is mom."
I looked over at mom and sure enough, the guy fucking her was barebacked.
"Mom can't get pregnant, you can." But her new guy was already inside her and she didn't reply.
Mom grabbed my hand and addressed me, still having sex while doing so.
"Honey. She is okay. I've made sure she knows exactly what she is doing and what outcomes may happen."
This was the second time I watched my mom having sex. I had seen a lot of people having sex in internet videos and even in real life. But why was it so different when it is your own mother? Her breast were incredible. But beyond just her body it was her commanding presence. The man may have been on top of her and doing most of the thrusting, but somehow mom seemed in control. Like he was just a sex toy for her enjoyment. Mom's hand had found its way to my hips and was lightly stroking me. I didn't want her to stop, in fact I wanted her hands to touch more of me. What the fuck was I thinking? Doing the only thing I knew to do, I ran off again. This time mom yelled for me to stop but I didn't.
I thought it was the cheating that Jenna and mom were engaging in that was upsetting me. But now I see that was wrong. It was something else, something I didn't want to admit ever. I found an open bar and approached the bartender.
"Can I convince you to get me a full bottle of vodka," I asked the man.
He eyed me up and down. "After what you did to me on the beach the other night, you can have two." I didn't even recognize him but apparently I had blown him. I took the two bottles and ran off to find a secluded area. Finding it in a shady area under a palm tree I got to work on the bottles.
I refused to let myself ponder on my feelings. Not before I got at least half a bottle in me. I stared blankly into the surrounding areas while I drank. Anytime a thought would start to form in my head about the events of today, I shook it out and took another swig. Eventually I wasn't able to think much at all. Enough time passed where my previously shady spot started getting sunny.
"You're going to get all red sitting there." A beautiful naked women approached me. After a few seconds I realized it was my mother.
"It took you long enough to find me."
"Sorry about that, I had business I needed to conclude," my hot mom explained. "To be clear I mean I wanted to finish having sex with those guys."
"I got it the first time mom."
She sat next to me and moved the bottles away from my reach. "Are you too drunk to walk? Or are we sitting here and talking?"
"I'm not that drunk. I can walk, I can talk, I can do lots of things." I looked over at mom again. Everything about her looked right. "I can also do this," I said climbing on top of her and putting her naked body in between my legs. I put my hands on her breast and felt her nipples in between my fingers. I leaned down met her lips. I momentarily moved away and let out a quiet moan, only to meet her mouth again but this time drive my tongue into her mouth.
I wanted to touch her whole body, but I couldn't stop feeling her nipples. I had stared at these for almost a week now, wondering how they must feel, even if I wouldn't admit it to myself. But now I had them in my hands. I hadn't even considered if this is what mom wants or not. I felt her hands on my hips and took that as an answer.
My right hand finally relinquished its position on her breast and started exploring. I caressed down her bare back, her neck, shoulders, and hips. I never realized how intimate feeling a woman's hips could be. Mom's hands slowly moved from my hips to my back, moving up and down.
I could touch and feel bodies all day but I wanted to go further. I have never been with a woman before, let alone my own mother. What's the next step? Was I really going to take things further with my mom? Making out and feeling each others' body was already crossing a huge barrier. But going further would mean having sex. Having lesbian sex with mom.
One of mom's hands took hold of my left hand which hadn't moved from her breast. Was this her telling me she didn't want this? Had I just made a move on my own mother against her will? But she didn't just push the hand aside. Instead she guided it downwards along her stomach, but didn't stop. I gasped out loud when I felt the top of her labia contact the tips of my fingers. She continued to guide me eventually moving my fingers up and down her pussy. Mom had just instructed me to how to finger her.
Eventually she took her own hand away, leaving my hand to mimic the motions she had just taught me. She started making me some reassuring 'mmms' and 'ahhs' sounds, leading me to believe I was doing a good job. Her left hand, having been continuously moving around feeling my body, came to rest on my right leg. I realized what she was telling me and felt embarrassed that I didn't think of this already. I took her hand and led it to my own pussy, signaling to her I was ready to be finger fucked by my mother.
She didn't need any guidance it seemed and soon started running her fingers up and down my pussy like I was to hers. My movements seemed clumsy compared to hers but she continued to vocalize her satisfaction. Over time however she changed her movements. She started rubbing lower and lower on my pussy. She began to gently enter me with each stroke. While the previous motions had felt good, this was starting to feel great. I began to make my own 'mmms' and 'ahhs' but not voluntarily. Not knowing what else to do I followed suit with my own fingers, slowly entering her as she did me.
Eventually her finger was unambiguously inside me, rubbing a very sensitive area. I caught up with my own fingers and we found ourselves, mother and daughter, with fingers inside each others pussies. I pulled my tongue out of her mouth and moved my head back. My heavy breathing and moaning requiring my mouth to be free. I looked my mom in the eyes, who seemed to be breathing just as heavy. We stared at each other but never said a word.
We kept our fingers rubbing the same spots inside each other's bodies. My mom's face started to show that combination of desperation and pleasure that I saw her have yesterday in bed when we were getting fucked by those guys. I don't know what she read from my face but she gave me a nod and closed her eyes. She leaned over and gave a long moan. I was so enthralled with her that I became aware her fingers had got me to an orgasm as well. I couldn't breathe and I felt my pussy contract around her finger. I kept my finger moving inside her as I didn't want her to let her down.
I kept going as I wasn't sure when to stop, but eventually she pulled her finger out of me and pulled mine of our hers, nodding again while catching her breath with her eyes close. I sat there on top of my mother, watching her recover from the orgasm I just gave her. I wasn't sure what counts as sex when it comes to woman on woman. Had I just had sex with her? Were we now lovers? Was this something we were going to be doing regularly? The questions in my mind began to make me panic.
I got up and ran off, leaving my naked mother to bask in the feelings her daughter's fingers had just given her. My finger was wet from my mother's pussy. My mind was all over the place due to the alcohol and orgasm. But I had a destination in my head where I hoped to find the one person who I could talk to about this.
Jenna was laying down with her eyes closed where I had last seen her taking on a line of dudes. The area was now empty.
"Everything okay?" I asked announcing my presence.
She opened her eyes and smiled at me. "Yep. After the tenth guy finished I told everyone to get lost."
"Ten guys," I asked laying down next to her.
"Give me a break, it was only my first through tenth time. I'll do better next time." I laughed at that feeling the tension between us easing.
"I'm sorry about all of the shaming and body policing I've been subjecting you to this week Jenna. I'm dealing with my own personal shit and I've been projecting it onto you and mom."
"You were worried about me. You're my big sister, I understand. But thank you for the apology." I laid there for a moment, not ready to bring up what happen with mom yet.
"I'm just curious, but are you planning on breaking up with Rick now?"
Jenna sat up and laughed. "Actually no. I'm going to cuck him. In two years we'll probably be married. He'll have his dream wife. I'm excited by the idea of secretly fucking every guy around him. Hell, knowing him even if he finds out he'll convince himself I'm doing it for a good reason and drop it."
God damn. My little sister is a cold hearted bitch, but good for her. "Nice," I said giving her plan my approval.
She looked at me. "So what happen? You ran off earlier very upset that I was fucking a dude or ten, and now you are almost high fiving me about my plans to fuck everyone that Rick works with?"
I couldn't avoid the topic any longer, but I didn't need to reveal everything at once.
"I got some booze and did some thinking in a quiet area. Mom eventually found me. After talking for a bit, we ended up kissing for a while."
"Go Jenna! You get some mom action you horny slut!" I pulled my legs to my face in embarrassment.
"Jenna, mom is hot. You are hot too. Hot people kiss."
She then pushed my legs down and climbed on top of me. "I'm hot too," Jenna said right before she started kissing me. After realizing what was happening I kissed back. I thought we were going to keep going but Jenna pulled back.
"See it's not big deal?" I looked over Jenna's naked body as it straddled mine. Why did I feel so disappointed that my sister stopping kissing me just now?
"We didn't stop at kissing," I admitted while getting an eye full of her breast.
Jenna leaned back in, "Oh yeah, what else did you do?"
She started nibbling on my neck. "I felt up her breast like this," I said grabbing her own tits with both of my hands.
"Ohhh, that does feel good. Keep doing that." I laid there playing with my sister's nipples. Was she joking around or were we really doing this? Whatever it was, her lips on my neck felt so soft.
"My hands didn't stay on her breast."
"Show me. Where did you put them next?" My sister was getting turn on hearing about me getting sexual with our mother. I started reaching lower with the same hand that 10 minutes ago I used on mom. I found her pussy and started rubbing using the same motions mom taught me.
"Oh fuck, you guys got serious didn't you?" I thought for sure Jenna would end it here and start shaming my perverted behavior. "I want to feel everything you did to our mom. Don't you dare stop sister."
I knew this was for real. Jenna kept kissing and lightly licking my neck. Her breathing intensified which felt very erotic on my neck. I wasn't sure how long I should wait to start easing my finger inside her, but I wanted to start now. As I started pushing ever so deep into her, Jenna grabbed my arm, keeping it in place and sat up.
"Don't stop finger me. Get in there," she said while starting to feel up her own breast. As my finger entered her fully, I was in awe of the site before me. My sister's naked body was on top of me, reacting more and more to my finger that was moving in and out of her pussy.
"Just don't stop, just don't stop, just don't stop," Jenna kept saying as she started lightly pushing her hips down causing my finger to go deeper.
"I won't. I promise."
"You got more than one finger, right? Get another one in there."
My middle finger then joined my pointer. Jenna really was in touch with her sexuality. Life goals I thought. Her words were replaced with moans and even deeper thrust with her hands. She was panting heavily and I dared not change anything I was doing. All of a sudden her panting stopped, her face contorted and she collapsed onto me.
"God damn Lena. How long have you been holding back those magic fingers from me?"
She sat back up and gave my body a look over and appeared to come to a realization.
"Close your eyes and keep them close," she said to me.
I obeyed and felt her tongue start to play with my right nipple. It felt very good and I hated myself for not thinking to do this to my mom's breast earlier. Jenna would spend 10 seconds or so teasing one nipple before moving to my other. Back and forth for a few minutes. She was just finishing licking my left nipple yet again when she stopped. I expected to feel my sister's tongue on my right nipple but it didn't come.
I almost opened my eyes to see what she was doing when I felt a warm, wet feeling sliding every so slightly along the length of my pussy. I lifted my head and moaned being completely unready for my sister to start giving me oral pleasure.
She pushed my head back down and gave me yet another, ever so light lick using barely her the tip of her tongue. Then another, and another. Finally I could feel the licks starting to use more of her tongue and getting slightly deeper into my pussy.
"Get in there, please!" I yelled out in frustration.
"Be patient you horny bitch," she replied in between licks.
The tease eventually fell way to real pleasure as her tongue was now firmly covering my pussy as it ran up its length. I needed to do something with my hands so I planted them on her head, keeping her place where I wanted her. Her licks started migrating more northwards, focusing in on my clit. Soon her tongue was manipulating my clit left, right, up, down and all around.
In a few more minutes my sister was going to get me to an orgasm. But she wasn't done yet. A single finger soon started wiggling itself inside me without any interruption to her oral work. Finding the same area our mother had inside me before, it felt almost as if I had two simultaneous orgasms building. The finger soon was joined by a mate, and then a third. I swore she was using three fingers for the sole purpose of one upping what I did to her earlier with two fingers.
With tears coming out of my eyes I gripped her hair hard and grunted my way through the orgasm my sister gave me. I finally released her from my hands and fell back worrying I was going to hyperventilate. Jenna climbed up and laid on top of me naked. I wasn't going to be able to just run away now. I laid there with my eyes closed before engaging in post sex talk with my little sister.
"Yeah, so that's what happen with mom after I ran away. Well, except she didn't go down on me. We just fingered her each other until we came."
After having engaged in sex with my sister, telling her this story proved to be much easier. As I stroked her back with a finger, I asked her a question.
"You really seemed like you knew what you were doing down there with your tongue. Have you had sex with a woman before and kept it a secret?"
"Before you found me and mom banging those dudes we started making out and eventually she went down on me. I just mimicked what she did to me to you."
"Really? I just repeated what she did to me when I was fingering you. Mom taught us how to pleasure our sister, who would have guessed," I said with a chuckle.
"I can't believe you and mom had sex right here in the open. So many people could have seen you. I don't think I could ever do that."
Jenna sat up. "Lena, open you eyes."
I did and also sat up. There was a sea of men around us all holding up all phones and cameras.
"They've been here almost the whole time. How did you miss them," my sister asked me.
Despite being filmed having had sex with my sister with the video for sure being posted all of the internet, I didn't feel angry or embarrassed. Rather than yell or run off, I looked at the crowd and then tickled Jenna's nipple with my tongue.
"Hey," she yelled in surprise.
The crowd of guys laughed and applauded. "Hey ladies, will you let my wife join you?" A random man yelled. I looked at my sister who gave me a flirty look.
I yelled back, "Sorry guys, I need to go find my mom. But my sister here..."
Jenna spoke up, "I'll start with having sex with you then we'll see about your wife."
I got off the table as Jenna prepared for another orgy of unprotected sex. Before the guys crowded her she told me that mom was going to the club after finding me. I headed off that direction.
The sun was just touching the horizon when I entered the club. I saw a line of men in the club and knew I had found mom. I stood at the back of the line and asked the man in front of me if I could switch positions with him. He agreed as I was a hot 25 year old naked girl asking him. I repeated this process and managed to reach the front of the line rather quickly. I was now watching an overweight older man on top of my mom fucking her. I don't know how many men came before him, but the area smelled strongly of cum.
She didn't notice me as I watched her have sex for the third time on this trip, not counting when I fingered her. She looked so incredible. She wasn't letting these men use her, she was using them. She had nearly thirty years of pent-up sexual energy and she was going to get it all out on this trip. Once the man had cum, she tossed him aside and took on the next one. They were her sex toys. The man currently in her finished and walked away. This left nobody in between me and my naked, cum soaked mother.
She opened her eyes and saw me. She immediately closed her legs and sat up.
"Lena! Don't be upset. It's like I said, this isn't about cheating on your dad or getting you mad."
"Mom," I said in a calm voice while slowly walking up to her. "Stop talking, spread your legs, and lay down." Mom's face showed great relief. She followed orders.
I got on my knees and stared at her pussy. It smelled of cum and was soaked with a variety of liquids. But god damn did I want to lick it. I got on all fours and licked my tongue up and down my mother's vagina. It had the taste of a man's semen that I had become so familiar with the last few days, but there was a salty sweetness hiding underneath that taste. As the cum in her was taken into my mouth and swallowed, the sweetness of her pussy became the dominant taste and god damn was it good. I followed the same method my sister used on my pussy. Start off almost teasing and work your way to getting your tongue in deep, focusing on the clit. Right when you start really working that clit, introduce your fingers. If Jenna used three, I'll use four. By the sounds mom was making she agreed with that decisions. With my four digits pounding her pussy and my mouth being relentless on her clit, I made my mom cum, the second time today.
I laid myself on top of her and kissed her.
"Thank you for this honey." Mom said sweaty from the experience.
"Thank you mom." We kissed some more before she looked behind me.
"I really like laying here naked with you, but there is a long line of men waiting."
"Oh, I'm not letting those guys fuck my mom anymore tonight," I said smiling.
Mom looked concern. "Honey, I had hoped you understood..." I put my fingers to her lips and then dropped back to the knees, my face back in front of her pussy. I got on all fours again and looked behind me at the horny line of men.
"Guys, I'm going to working my mom's pussy all night. I'm afraid you boys won't be having any sex with her before morning." The guys looked pissed and started to disperse. I spoke up again. "Excuse me. Who the fuck said you could take your cocks away? I got two holes free don't I? Get to fucking them."
It was a good night.
The last five days of our vacation were uneventful, minus my sister, mom and I fucking each other all over the resort and occasionally incorporating several dozen strange men into the mix. Dad stayed in the room watching TV and having room service. He was not wise to what we were doing. He continued thinking his wife and two daughters were running around naked, which wasn't wrong. But we kept the incest and stranger fucking too ourselves.
The morning of our return flight, the three of us got fully dressed after being naked for over a week. During the cab ride to the airport dad talked about how much we was looking forward to being back home where his family would act normal again and not flaunt their nude bodies to every stranger with eyes. The night before, the three of us talked and agreed our incestual relationship would end upon returning home. We had explored each others bodies for over a week and reached a new level of love. But we were ready to move on and cherish the memories of this trip.
Dad's hope that we would return and be exactly like our old selves did not happen. Three days after getting home, mom and dad attended a pool party at the neighbor's house. Upon entering the party, mom proceeded to take off her bikini top and bottom before jumping into the pool for a swim. She stayed in that state for the rest of the party, interacting with all the neighbors who agreed she brought a refreshing energy and also that she had great tits.
From then on, mom found every opportunity she could to legally get nude. Sunbathing in the yard, game nights at friend's houses, and she even started running a yoga class in the house. Fully naked at all of these. Dad started collecting model trains in the basement.
Jenna found out she had brought home a not unexpected souvenir from the trip. A pregnancy. She spiked her boyfriend Rick's drink during a movie watching date and afterwards she lied and said they had sex. The result being the pregnancy. They agreed it was a one time mistake and they wouldn't engage in any sexual behavior again till after marriage. Once they finish high school, Rick will stay at home with the baby while Jenna goes off to college. Jenna was already sending flirty Facebook messages to guys at her top school choice.
As for me, I somehow managed to avoid getting pregnant. I enrolled back in school and made new friends my age. I joined several clubs and secured an internship for the following summer. Mom said I was thriving. I enjoyed all of these things, but it was getting back on the dating scene that really got me excited.
My online dating profile read as follows:
25 female college student. Enjoys adventures and occasionally gaming at home. I think family is the most important thing in my life. I'm attracted to confidence.
Seeking women ages 45 to 50.