A fictional story with fictional characters all over 18.
___________________________________________
My wife is an Exhibitionist by Proxy, she Gets Off Exposing me Naked.
My wife Erin has a kink, she likes to expose my less than fit nude body to her friends, or on occasion to a stranger. I admit it is kind of fun seeing their reactions, and the expressions on their faces. Since most of the time it would just be a quick flash, set up to be an accidental exposure, I went along with it to please her. I admit I learned to like the thrill of the exposure too. I did refuse to go along with her schemes for quite a while after one of those setups went bad, other than the shocked look on the poor woman's face, it was not a good experience for any of us.
Erin told me she had set it up for a neighbor to walk in on me, I was to be naked and waiting. I went along with it because the way I understood her plan, it was a neighbor we had known a while. Maybe unknown to Erin, this neighbor and I had history, she had sunbathed topless in her backyard, and right under my den window before. She even got the courage to untie and fold down her bottoms exposing her bald vagina to me a couple of times, trying to look like she was just trying to expand her tanned area. To me there was no doubt she did all this on purpose and this would be my chance to return the favor, as she would likely not even act very upset, I would only be flashing her back.
I got a bit excited waiting for her and thinking about how hot she looked with her top off and her pussy showing. She had near-perfect boobs, and all this suspense waiting made me so erect my cock was pointing straight in front of me. Yep, I was standing there with nothing but a smile, and a stiffie, ready for who turned out not to be her. but the new neighbor on the other side of our house.
I don't know what Erin was thinking, pulling this on someone that had just recently moved in using the guise of showing her around our place. She was an attractive lady, but it was clear to me that she was a church-going conservative by her hair-do and the bumper stickers on her car. Erin led her into the room where I was waiting, and it was just Erin, and her, and me and my hard cock there. She did take a momentary look as Erin blocked her exit, she got a good look at my throbbing member before she screamed, and could not leave the room, and our house quick enough.
That was the last communication we had with that neighbor, and she has now lived next door to us for 6 years.
It's not like I am some well-hung hunk, I don't consider my cock as much more than average size, build wise I don't have a six-pack or any pack at all for that matter. If I was fit and had what I considered a large penis, I might have enjoyed giving in to her lunacy more often. We both do our share of drinking, and she knows if she gets me lit, her chances are much better of getting me to go along with her schemes.
Unfortunately, in the process of getting me to drink more to go along with these schemes, she has developed a drinking problem. Sometimes this leads to some poor judgment on her part. So far it has been pretty much all in fun, and none of her friends she had pulled these exposures to have gotten upset, but sometimes they were pretty buzzed too. I just hoped her drinking didn't continue to get out of control.
One of Erin's more recent exhibitions of my less than hunky chassis got more than a little out of hand. We were sharing a cabin with her friend and husband, who I did not know that well. It was a rustic one-room cabin, with no privacy at all, just two double beds, end to end, without a divider, and not 4-5 ft (1.52 m) apart. A table with a light bulb hanging over it, and a kitchen area with the same. Both lights are on one switch, we just left them on at night, not helping with the lack of privacy.
I am not a fisherman, but her friend's husband Gus is a die-hard one, he fished most of the day, and into the night. This day we just finished eating a delicious dinner of fresh-caught fish, when he grabbed his lantern to go off and do some night fishing, I passed and stayed with the girls. This left me alone to endure an evening with the two ditsy, but sexy blonds to entertain.
Well, mosquitoes kept the three of us in the small, primitive cabin, that had no TV, or any other source of entertainment other than a beat-up deck of cards we found. So we drank, played cards, and drank some more. After we had a good buzz going, our games of gin rummy and some other 3-player card games got more than old. Erin got one of her crazy ideas after having a little too much wine and talked her hot friend Ellie and me into playing strip poker. It was a set-up of course, and I knew it was one of her schemes to get me naked in front of her. I figured if I could get the two of them, or even just Ellie topless it would be a win for me as well, if not I was sure I would at least be showing hard. A man's worst fear is having to display a flaccid penis.
We were all getting pretty drunk, and I was getting pretty worked up, as the blonds both had thin, and loose-fitting tops and shorts. Ellie seemed to enjoy showing me her cleavage, and through the legs of her shorts, I had a pretty clear view of her sexy panties. I was in a tee, and being in the middle of summer, going commando in a thin pair of workout shorts. My shorts did not hide any of my excitement, and that area of me seemed to be the focus of Ellie's attention. That gave me the impression that she had at least some interest in my cock.
Erin gave me a wink as my signal, I had given in to this scheme before and knew what she expected of me. I always figured it was a harmless scheme, as the victim is a full participant. They decide how much of their body to show, and it is usually just their titties. Only on one occasion did I manage to get one naked, but nothing became of it. She was not shy about showing me her sex, but soon after she put her panties back on and that was as far as it went.
My instructions were to fold when I thought I might have the winning hand so that it would be her or Ellie that picked who had to lose an item. That would ensure I was the first to be naked for her friend, as Erin's rules were that the winner could pick who lost a clothing item. Well, I was outnumbered, and with me only having two items of clothes on, it was not long at all before I was sitting there naked. Erin was down to her bra and panties, and Ellie only a pair of sexy, but not all that revealing panties on. Ellie got little more than a flash of my package when I purposely, "slowly removed my shorts to expose my boner."
I was sporting a pretty nice stiffie at that point, hard enough that I didn't mind anyone seeing it, especially a hot blond like Ellie. I sat back down, and Ellie accidentally dropped her lighter under the table, and it seemed to be taking her a while to find it. I almost jumped out of my chair when I felt her hand go between my legs, and onto my package. By then I was rock hard, and I can only guess she was surprised enough by what I had to offer that she hit her head on the table, and let go. She was then holding her head as she came back out giggling, and with a smile on her face.
I was a drunk and naked man, now with a hardon that my wife's drunk hot friend had more than just a little interest in. I had two drunk horny women at the table with me, I just had to try to get her friend's panties off, as what was under them was of my interest. So with Ellie still distracted and holding her head, and Erin getting drunker and giggling after anything that was said. I decided to quickly, just go ahead and deal the next hand before anyone could point out I had nothing left on to wager, if they even cared at that point.
I dealt myself a pair of aces, I confess to a cheat, I recognized one by the bent corner and diverted it to myself on the deal. I was convinced that this was my chance. Ellie and I took 3 cards, and then Erin only two, so I was pretty confident that would be Ellie that would come up short, and it would be me that could get her out of her panties. I kept the two aces of course and drew another one, now I was really confident of seeing a naked Ellie. Every since she checked out my cock, it was hard and throbbing in anticipation.
To my surprise, and great disappointment, instead of losing her panties and showing me her pussy, she showed me her diamond flush!
Ellie immediately started ribbing me, and made a query to Erin, "I guess your Hank bet something he did not have, what happens now girlfriend?"
Erin paused, giggled of course, and then said, "It's up to you as the winner of the hand, you can make me lose something, but what fun would that be? You could also take the option to my naked husband do something sexual you want to watch, you can have him do it to me, or himself. I have caught him before, and can attest to the fact that he makes some pretty funny faces and noises when he jerks off, (giggle), especially the face he makes while shooting his load."
(Then, after the two of them stopped giggling.)
Erin added, "but what the hell it's just the three of us here, and you've let me, I mean I know you "would" let me if it was Gus, so I even give you the O.K. to do something sexual to him, as long as I get to watch."
I was back to being excited, and my cock was now rock hard again, sometimes it's better to be the loser I thought. Hearing my wife give the OK for her hot friend to take advantage of me, made me willing to do whatever I was told. Suddenly, even the thought of having to jerk off my load in front of a topless Ellie was appealing to me.
Ellie took her up on it, and she said, "Hank, you're mine now, stand up, so I can see what I won in the light." I did, I had to get out from the table, and was so hard I lifted the flimsy table a little with my cock while doing it. I used that as an excuse to move closer too, well within the range of a cumshot. I have to admit, I was ready for action, standing there naked with a rock-hard cock standing straight out, pointed right at my wife's best friend's face. I could not help but be pretty proud, and pretty happy to oblige her. She gave it a Woo-Hoo and put her hand up under her chin to pretend to be thinking.
Then Ellie looked at Erin yet again, and said, "Look, Erin, the big knob on his penis is turning purple, I think somebody (giggle), should help him out before his balls turn blue."
Erin, strongly reminded her, "I already told you, Ellie, you won him, whatever you want, he has to comply with your wishes!"
Ellie got a flirtatious look on her face and took her finger, and signaled me to come even closer to her. I complied, and then was almost straddling her legs. Then she reached out and cupped my balls with one hand, grabbed my hard shaft with the other, and then gave it a good hard squeeze as she pulled on it making me even closer. "Wow that is one hard and thick cock," and after a little more and now close-up examination, put it in her mouth.
She had taken Erin's permission to do something sexual literally. Then she put her hands on my naked ass to hold me there as she proceeded to suck it. Yes, that was one hell of a surprise outcome, this was the best ever, one of my wife's friends sucking my cock right in front of her.
At the time, I was not sure what to expect next. None of Erin's schemes ever worked out this good for me, I knew she gave her the go-ahead, but now how was she going to react? Soon I was relieved to see that Erin not only loved seeing me naked in front of her friend, she also enjoyed getting to watch her suck my cock, and yes, I enjoyed having her suck it too.
As I already pointed out, I am not in the workout shape that Ellie's husband is, but she seemed to be more than thrilled with my average cock. I could not help wondering if Erin had already seen her husband's, and thought mine had at least an edge on it? Maybe even wanted to rub it in that my cock was a little bigger than the one Ellie's husband Gus sports.
It would be not unlike her to do that, and I guess I am not 100% trusting of my wife not to know its size, especially since her drinking problem has been escalating. It was not hard for me to imagine her and Ellie drunk, and in a situation, like we were in that night. Only it being with Gus as the only guy, she could have seen his cock, maybe jerked it off, or even sucked it for that matter if she was drunk enough. I questioned first if Ellie would have let her if she knew about it? I also wondered if she would have been willing to go as far as to fuck him if she had the chance? My suspicion comes from her never missing a chance to say what a fit and good-looking guy Gus is, and that I need to work out.
I was even more aware Erin had a thing for Gus one night when he brought her home drunk from card club at Ellie's. He had to carry her into our place as she giggled. She had her arms wrapped tightly around his neck, her head against his. Her top was wrinkled like it had been wadded up, but it did not surprise me as those girls get pretty wild. I noticed later when I put her to bed still giddy and giggling, one of her tits was not even in her bra cup, and her panties were inside out and a little wet. When I put her damp panties in the hamper I could smell urine, but one of the spots I had touched did not feel the same, it felt like some type of salve. I thought at the time maybe she had a yeast infection, and maybe it was medication seeping out?
The word "escalated" is not a big enough word for where things went with our card game. Confessions were made, people did some nasty and fun things to each other, well it was just a crazy night, you will just have to read on to find out.
So, Erin had got so hot watching her friend swallow my cock down to my balls, she got naked herself, and was masturbating as she watched.
I did not last very long with the excitement of having Ellie suck my cock, as my wife watched as she finger-fucked herself. Ellie seemed to predict my cumshot better than me and let go of my cock and just said, "On My Tits." I tried to hurry and aim it, but as I bent forward to grab it, I was not quick enough and ended up dumping a pretty good load of my jizz on her panties and stomach. Thank goodness I had a big load, and I still managed to get a few ropes on her tits as she requested.
Now I was just standing there with a dripping penis, some feeling of success, and a little disappointment of not lasting longer. She happily cleaned my knob while it was still sensitive, and that gave me a chill. Then in a sexy move, she lifted each breast and was licking and mouthing her nipples and the little bit of my cum that hit its target.
Ellie then realizing how much cum I gave her, said to Erin, "That was so fucking awesome, but remind me to change these panties before Gus gets back, Hank's cum and my juices have them soaking wet."
Erin stopped fucking herself long enough to yell at her, "Take them off now dummy, so you won't forget, they won't dry while on you! You are seeing all of him and you already sucked his cock. I know my husband and men in general, he is just dying to check out your pussy. He was so proud to show you his hard cock, give him a little show. Then we can all go over to the bed, so I can sit on his face, and get some pleasure too."
Ellie, then slid her panties off, right in front of me, twirled them around, and hung them over a chair. Her beautiful clean shaved pussy was now right in front of me, and said, "Great suggestion Erin, so you are O.K. with me showing my sex to him?"
"Oh, go ahead, he loves seeing new pussies, like your husband."
The second line from Erin I should have picked up on if I was not so excited and anxious to see Ellie's pussy.
Ellie leaned back, put her heels up on the chair, and spread her legs. Then as she looked me in the eyes, parted the wet lips of her pussy so I could see deep into her hole, then pushed two fingers deep into her vagina, and stroked herself. I can honestly say that display was another first, I was so worked up and wanted to jump her right then and there. I settled for just watching her masturbate for me. It was such a sexy show she was putting on, I was rock hard again.
Erin, "Oh go ahead you guys, I can see you both getting hot, you don't have to take care of yourself, you can let him finger you while you work his cock, it's not like you have not already sucked it." Erin yelled, "But don't take too long!" I need his tongue in my pussy, watching you guys engaging in foreplay has me so worked up."
That was all I needed to hear, I ran two fingers up and down her slit a couple of times and then added another to fuck her with. Then I stroked her for a few moments as she jerked me off. I probably could have put my cock inside her, Erin at least would likely have been fine with it, but it was too soon, we were not even in the bed yet.
She and I were getting into it, but Ellie could see Erin getting antsy about us coming over to her and said, "Hank, you heard her, we better get up on the bed, before she yells at us again. Maybe while you are eating her, I can suck that cock of yours again. Then she whispered in my ear, "Maybe she will let you fuck me with that big cock, you are such a stud compared to what I usually get, I would love to have you deep inside me."
I wish, I thought to myself as I got even more excited.
We moved to the bed, and I had Erin sitting on my face, and Ellie sucking me again, it felt even better, as it was back to its fully hard state, and even more sensitive. They were facing each other and Erin was giving her directions between her moans. She sure didn't need any, she was doing a better job than Erin does, especially when she is drinking.
Then Ellie started to take my hard cock in her throat and hold it there. Oh, what a feeling that was.
I was pretty focused on Erin's clit with my tongue, she was starting to cum, and was putting most of her weight on my face. I love eating pussy, especially hers, but I was gasping for air, and I mean for real. Ellie could hear me gasping, and let go of my cock, to point that out to her.
I could see Ellie watching Erin cum, and seize up in pleasure, and she told Erin, "Wow, that must of felt awesome, I want to cum like that too, but I would need to have your husband's tongue or his big cock in me for that. I guess of all people, I don't have to tell you what a treat a cock like his would be for me, you know how much smaller Gus's Cock... Oops."
Ellie stopped after that slip, and after a moment of silence recited the overused and deceptive phrase, "Hank, it's not what you think."
Then Erin looked at me, gave me her best innocent look, and tried to appease me by saying, "It was an accident Honey, just an accident on his part, Gus didn't intentionally show me his cock. Oh, you blabbed it, tell him what happened Ellie."
"OK, I guess it was my big mouth, and not Erin's this time that caused such an awkward moment like this. Erin and I made a pact not to tell because it was so embarrassing to Gus. Card club was at my house and as usual, we all had a lot to drink. We started playing a strip game, just us girls. Just for fun, no one got completely naked. Erin and I however were both topless when we paired up to go to the bathroom as we girls do. Someone was in the downstairs one, and your wife said she had to pee, and in her words, "Bad, Really Bad," she was pretty drunk, and I did not want her to pee herself, so I helped her up the stairs to use our bedroom bath.
I guess Gus had no reason to believe any of us would have been upstairs and failed to lock the bedroom doors to our bath. We went in using the hall entrance though. I told Erin to go ahead and pee first. I figured Gus was on our bed on the other side of the suite watching TV, or maybe even asleep. So I decided to go ahead and go into the bedroom to get something from my dresser that I had wanted to show off to the girls. Before she could even get her shorts down, I slid the pocket doors to the bedroom open, and there was my man, standing right there, he was in front of his laptop with not a stitch of clothes on. He was jerking off his hard little pecker to a Porno that featured a graphic close-up of a guy watching a girl piss."
Erin interjected, "I had just started to pull down my shorts and peed my panties some from the shock of it all. Then I screamed something as I looked at his fit body and cute little wiener he was jerking, then I felt cum hitting me."
Ellie took back the lead, "You better shut up, and let me finish before you get yourself in hot water for what was just an accident." Then continued, "The girls were making their usual racket downstairs, and Gus did not hear us come into the bath, but he heard Erin scream, "Oh My God!" as she saw him jerking and apparently about to erupt. He turned to see who yelled as he was ejaculating. It was a moment the three of us will never forget, all that cum shooting out of his cute little wiener. Some of it hit me, but Erin got most of it, she was, standing there with ropes of his cum on her breasts and tummy, and now we were all frozen in our tracks in shock."
"My poor red-faced, embarrassed husband, was just standing there right in front of Erin, holding his little pecker with his thumb and forefinger as it was starting to shrink even smaller, and lost for words of course."
(Neither of the girls spoke for a moment, an awkward pause, but what a good place it would have been for them to have just ended their story. But no, not the E-Twins, especially my Erin, they had to dig themselves a hole.)
It was my drunk and ditsy Erin that just would not stop and tried to justify what she had done. After that, she said, "I felt so bad for him getting barged in on and standing there naked in front of us so red-faced embarrassed, but still holding his cute little wiener in front of me. So I just finished pulling down not just my shorts, but my panties with them, stepped out of them, so he would not be the only one completely naked."
"Since he had been watching the "guy watching a girl peeing" porn. Instead of sitting down to pee, I just squatted over top of the toilet, I figured if he could watch my pee coming out as he did on the video, it might help make him forget his embarrassment. It was a long golden stream that he got to watch up-close. I was not lying to Ellie, I did really have to pee, and bad."
"He was right there, so I thought a little hug, just a friendly one afterward might show him I was not upset with him. So I hugged him, and it had to help because boy did I get a hug back. We were both naked, and I could feel my bare breasts pressed against his fit body, and his penis, still at least partly stiff and pressed against me, was still dripping his cum."
(Another good place to end their tale, not nearly as good as the last one but no.., so Erin continued.)
"He just stood there after the hug, and he still looked so ashamed of himself. So I guess I should not have, but I got down on my knees and licked the cum I had felt still dripping off his penis. You know how much I like the taste of cum Hank, and just licking is not the same as sucking someone. I looked at Ellie as I was licking, and she didn't object, and it seemed to be helping. It got him hard again and he pushed his swollen knob against my lips, it was apparent he wanted to put his cock further in my mouth, so I should not have, but decided to just let him."
"I swear, I still was not sucking his cock, I just let him do what he wanted, and push it in and out of my mouth. I was still just trying to help him get over his embarrassment. It was working, the faster he shoved it in and pulled it out, the happier he looked. With no warning, he shot another load, this one in my mouth, but he had a smile on his face afterward so I figured I did a kind thing for him. Then he proved that by this time initiating a hug, so I hugged him back, and that was a mistake. Feeling his fit body and penis against me too, got things started again."
"I have to be honest and say neither one of us wanted to stop, and ended up kissing, and getting hands-on with each other. That's when things got out of hand I guess, he gave me his tongue, and we ended up in an embrace as he reached down and put fingers in me. Once he had fingers in me, he had me."
"I guess the heat of the moment, and all my drinking caused things to continue to get out of control. So I let him finger me, it felt so good I did not want him to stop, just like you did not want to stop with Ellie. I am so sorry, he made me so hot with his fingers I needed more, I needed his cock inside..."
Ellie then just plain yelled, "My God Erin, Stop, Shut the Fuck Up, don't say another fucking word!"
Then Ellie turned to and addressed me in an attempt to save her friend, "Well Hank, I guess I can back her up on at least some of that account of the unfortunate incident. I was not paying real close attention to the two of them, all I saw was the two of them naked and hugging. Then I left to show the girls what I retrieved from my dresser. I can tell you I didn't see her doing what I would define as actually sucking his cock before I left. She was just being kind to him and letting him use her mouth a little. I guess I was pretty drunk too and not using good judgment when I thought all of this was harmless. I should have said something to him about taking advantage of my friend, but I just left and went back to the card party."
"I was not watching the clock, but I don't think it could not have been much more than 20 minutes or so before she came back down the stairs to rejoin us. I guess you will probably assume that they fucked, you are a man, be honest, what do you want to do with me right now? But in his case after him shooting a load on us and then one in her mouth, it would have been a pretty benign fuck, meaning he could not have been much more than a little bit of cum that he had left to give her. She is not all at fault for what happened, part of the blame has to be placed on me and Gus for our poor judgment."
"When she came back down, she looked pretty bad and stumbled naked over to where I was sitting. I did my best to wipe her off with some drink napkins before the girls could ask questions about why she was gone so long and naked, still covered in some of his cum. Most of his cum was on her face, and chest and already drying, it was very little that was oozing out of her vagina and running down her leg."
"But I have to say to Erin's credit, as drunk as she was, she did remember to bring her shorts and her panties with her. She could not put them on by herself and handed them to me. I helped her dress, as she was still so fucked up and out of it."
"The girls were a bit surprised at the sight of her, but no one said anything. They just looked at each other and giggled."
"I hope you are not too upset with her Hank, she did not start anything. It was Gus's fault, he should not have been watching porn and jerking his little wiener when I have friends over. At least he was not drinking and was able to drive Erin home later."
Then Ellie went from being stoic to uncontrolled laughing, I was not sure if she was going to be able to gather herself up.
I couldn't believe it, then it was me that was suddenly in Gus's corner after hearing the two of them constantly referring to Gus's penis, as a "little wiener," I said, "That isn't nice the way you two have been talking, and now even laughing about Gus's penis like that. We guys don't get to choose a cock size when we are born, I know I, for one, would have ordered the "super-sized" one."
Ellie said as she was still trying to stop laughing, "I'm not laughing so much about his "shortcomings," I am laughing because I remembered what I was getting from the bedroom to take down and show the girls," and now Erin started and was laughing with her.
"OK, OK, give me the punch line, if there is one, I am getting soft here," I said.
Ellie replied, "Well, I can't help it, because it is kind of ironic and funny to me that this all happened because I opened the bedroom door. I just wanted to get what I wanted to show off to the girls, a "Huge Black Dildo" I had just acquired."
They continued to laugh, it was a (had to be there moment) they were having, and I hadn't been there.
So there I was lying there, trying to keep my cock hard in case this threesome could be salvaged. All this time listening to the two of them trying to explain why my wife first tried to deny even looking at Gus's cock, then admitting to getting naked and pissing for him. Then she confessed to just licking his cock, then both of them tried to convince me she didn't "exactly" suck it. There was no denial of her fucking him, and if Ellie had not stopped her, I probably would have heard a detailed description of how they fucked.
I had news for them, my verdict was in, my wife had sucked Gus, took his load, and then they eventually ended up fucking. Likely other things you can do as well in what was probably more like a half-hour in their bedroom. He later brought her home drunk that night. When I put her to bed and took off her panties, they had her urine, and now I know it was left over creampie on them, and not some kind of medication.
I guess I found some, but finite solace knowing she was drunk at the time. I think not being able to put her clothes back on, or wiping Gus's cum off when she was done helping him "feel better," proved it.
I figured my choices at that point were to get pissed and stomp off to where? Out into the woods to get eaten up by mosquitoes, or go fishing with the same asshole who had fucked my wife, or I could stay and get some pussy and sweet revenge. I figured at that point I was pretty open to doing anything. I guess I wanted to get, and to give more pleasure to his wife Ellie, and right in front of Erin.
Making no response, or comments to them on their confession, I said, "Let's get back to what we were doing. I am a little worried that Gus might come back early and walk in on this, the three of us naked and possibly with my cock still in his wife."
Since I then knew what she did with Gus, I was going to make her watch me do nasty and fun things to Ellie. I told Ellie, "Lift your legs, so I can taste your beautiful pussy, and not off my fingers." Then I took Ellie by the ankles and spread her legs wide, I was a little rough with her, but I was pissed, and pushed them back so Erin would have a good view of what I was about to do to her.
Then I dove in and used my tongue to lick Ellie's slit to taste her juices, and show Erin what "just licking someone's genitalia" looks like. Then I tongue fucked her hole, it was symbolic to Erin letting Gus face fuck her of course, minus the cumshot. I continued to explore every bit of her beautiful pussy and had her already squirming before I went to her clit, as I fingered her as I did. I got her off while Erin watched, it was not the "Big O" I wanted to give her, but an orgasm just the same.
I backed out and laid on my back to rest a minute. Then Erin took hold of my now softening cock as she told Ellie, "saddle up, it's only fair you get some of this cock, he is not just a guy with a nice cock. He is also a good fuck, and you are a good friend for defending me," she said this as she guided my cock inside her friend.
She and I were now fucking, and the harder it got, the harder she rode me. I figured I had a better chance to last long enough to give her the "Big One" and maybe make Erin jealous since I had already came. Well my Erin can be kindhearted, and she was helping now by strumming her clit, and we eventually made her cum hard. It was what I was going for, she screamed in joy and came so hard she fell not just off of me, but the bed as well, even taking Erin along with her.
What a sight that was The E-Twins, naked on the floor in a heap, and laughing so out of control. Ellie even told her, "Ha, ha, I got the biggest "O", it was so fucking big I fell off the bed and brought you with me girlfriend." Then they giggled and laughed some more, so I figured my part in the party was over.
The girls settled down, and I was going to the table to get our clothes when Ellie yelled at me, "Is that it for you Hank, is that all I get? Gus got more than that for just getting embarrassed. I had a diamond flush to your aces, I think you owe me at least a creampie for that, I don't care if it's a small one, I just want a little more cock, and a pie from you!"
Well, what's a drunk horny guy to do, maybe this was her payback to Erin for fucking her husband. But what did I care, she wants me to fuck her, so I said, "Ellie, get ready, ladies choice, I like all the positions, and we better keep going before Gus..."
She stopped me before I could finish and said, "Oh, don't worry about Gus walking in, fuck him, he may fish and drink all night, he only cares about himself, not me. Maybe if he sees you fucking me with your larger cock, he will be jealous, and pay more attention to me."
Then she lifted her legs, this time grabbing her ankles to pull them back. Oh, what a beautiful sight right there in front of me, my wife's best friend's bald pussy was dripping her juices, and her hole was already swollen and quivering from her riding me. I figured I would chance it, as I was drunk, horny, and pissed, and it's not like he hadn't already had carnal activities with my wife.
I went in deep and stroked slowly for a while. I was trying to settle down and forgive Erin, but yet I still took the opportunity to let her see me make love to Ellie as I do her, we exchanged tongues and gave each other tender kisses all over. I was not upset with Ellie, she was just being a good friend in trying to defend my Erin for fucking her husband. I wanted to do more than just pound her, I wanted to show her some tenderness too. My head was next to Ellie's, so we could hear each other breathe, and express our pleasure to each other. Because the way I figured it, during this love-making session, she and not Erin was my #1 girl.
I was not sure what Erin was feeling or doing at that point until I felt her tongue enter my ass, then I did not care anymore if Gus caught me with my cock in his wife. Nor did I care that he had already had his cock sucked by, and had fucked my wife. I was fucking his wife while being rimmed by mine. It was a wonderful place my consciousness was in, one that had no room for judgment of others, or fear of consequences for my bad judgment. I continued to stroke her and sped up.
It was not long before I was starting to feel myself letting loose. At the same time, I felt Erin put her finger in my ass. She was pushing hard on my prostate as she squeezed my balls with her other hand. She knew how to make sure that Ellie got every drop of cum I had. I pumped a lot of cum into Ellie with Erin's help. I could even feel some excess running down onto my balls.
Then I backed my cock out of her beautiful pussy slowly, so I could admire my creation. I had filled her with enough cum that the excess made a puddle on the bed. She sat up, so she could see it, and show it off to Erin as it was oozing out of her vagina. I was proud of course, it was quite a good-looking pie forming in that beautiful setting that her bald pussy provided. I stood there proudly, my cock still dripping as they checked out the pie.
I could tell Erin was trying to make some amends, because she kissed me, then cleaned up my cock with her mouth, she does like the taste of cum, that was not one of her lies. I got up to leave, and said, "Well I guess you two have a puddle of my cum on the bed to deal with. I hope Gus does not want to eat you out or fuck you when he gets back, he would notice someone left him a pie, and it would not be hard to figure out who."
Erin said, "As you know honey, I am not inclined to eat pussy, but since it has your cum in it, I guess I will eat the pie. Then clean up the rest to help out my friend Ellie," and she did more than just slurp up the pie. and clean up the rest to help out my friend Ellie," and she did more than just slurp up the pie. She may not claim to be inclined to eat pussy, this was the first time she had done that in front of me, and apparently, she must be pretty good at it. I was in a position to see the joy on both of their faces as she seemed to be trying to get every drop of cum. She was really into it, and she got Ellie off again in the process.
I had crawled into bed and pretended not to be watching them, but I did. It was really hot watching my wife eat pussy, and her BFF Ellie's, one that I had just had a pretty good session with myself, and left something for her!
They pushed their luck, and just barely got done, and they were trying to dry the wet spot that was left with a travel hairdryer, still naked with their asses in the air when Gus stumbled in. It's not like he hadn't seen them before, I knew by then he's fucked both of them.
Gus did not even raise an eyebrow as he looked at them, and only said, "You girls are looking sexy tonight." Then he stated that the fish quit biting, and he ran out of beer. Then he just went about his business like it was nothing new, and apparently, it wasn't for him. Ellie told Gus that they spilled a drink, and they just returned to the drying the cum puddle project. Kind of dumb I guess, dried cum just makes a hard spot that Gus was likely to encounter later anyway.
He was stowing his gear away, as the two of them were still trying to dry the wet spot. He said he was pretty tired, and then walked over to the bed and stripped naked too, telling them not to worry about the spot, and that it would not be the first one he has slept on. Then he crawled in bed between them and right onto my cum. Now it was me who was trying not to look at his little wiener and laugh or get caught watching them.
He must have got his second wind because the three of them were now joking, and playing around and were pretty comfortable being naked, and in the same bed together. It was not much longer than a few minutes before I caught Erin looking over to see if I was asleep. I did my best fake job, wanting to see where their playing around would go if she thought I was asleep.
Well, I found out, Erin was still drunk, and did not get enough cock I guess, and was playing with Gus's wiener. She got what he had to offer to full mast, and yes, then she sucked Gus's cock again, and yes this time there was no denying it was sucking. When the giver's head is going up and down on the receiver's cock, it's sucking a cock!
Ellie must have figured, what could she say after the session she just had with me and rolled over the other way to try to fall asleep I guess.
Soon Gus's head was in my wife's pussy, just having a little late-night snack I guess. I bet he was just trying to make her feel better. If he was, it was working, even though she was trying to muffle it with a pillow, she was getting loud, with sounds of pleasure and praise.
His pussy eating skills were not bad, as after what looked and sounded like a pretty good orgasm, they were then fucking. Erin at this point was so worked up, that she didn't bother even looking to see if I was awake anymore. To her defense, her view was pretty much obstructed, by her legs that he had pushed up in the air, and Gus's fit body as he fucked her.
I had never watched another man fucking my wife, and admit I was even a little aroused when hearing her confession. The one about her not just getting naked and peeing for him, but sucking his cock, then fucking him at their house. But this was happening, and right in front of me. I admit, watching it was pretty fucking hot. I was watching Gus a guy I barely knew fuck the love of my life with what our wives call his cute little wiener. Maybe his penis size forced him to sharpen his skills, as my wife sounded pretty pleased with it, and she expressed her thankfulness to him, and other entities several times. Maybe it is not just the meat, it's the motion. Yes, she was loving it, and Gus was too, and though I was upset, I just can't deny I didn't enjoy watching as he pumped her for what seemed like it was going to be forever.
Then he made a noise, several, I assumed he had dumped a load in her. Then he backed out, rolled on his back, and I thought that was pretty hot, she got even with me for fucking Ellie, but that was with her blessing? Maybe that was her thought, or just lack of thought, but the show was over I presumed. I was ready to roll over like Ellie, but Erin was not done, she climbed on him reverse cowgirl for some more.
Still pissed at them, but that was even a hotter fucking scene, she was now facing me, and seemed to be looking right at me. I could not close my eyes all the way, I was enjoying it too much. I just had to keep watching, it was so smoking hot, seeing his let's just say "very modest size cock" go in and out of her tight pussy as she rode him. I was glad it was them under the light bulb because over at our bed, all this made me get hard. I had to at least fondle myself as I watched her perfect tits going up and down as she rode him in delight. My wife is such a good fuck, I guess he already knew that, but I guess I am the lucky one to have a woman with a healthy sex drive and have her full time.
I admit she looked sexy and seemed to be getting a lot of joy from riding him and maybe she did deserve some of the same pleasure she helped me and Ellie have. Or maybe looking at a fit body as she fucked was new and special, but this was pushing things.
I guess I could not put all the blame on him, as if I put myself in his place, and I came back to a small cabin that smells like nothing but sex and booze. Found my wife naked and cum smeared, and her girlfriend with her naked ass in the air displaying her bald pussy trying to dry a cum puddle with a hairdryer. Then add in the fact that there is a guy that spent the evening with them lying naked in the hot cabin sprawled out on the other bed, and appearing I hoped, to have already passed out. All of our clothes including his wife's cum soaked panties were hanging over or had fallen off of the chairs at the table. He could not have avoided seeing them, then when he got into bed likely knew what a cum puddle feels like.
Yes, I think we left some clues as to what our night must have been like.
I guess the score at that point was, he had fucked Erin, then I fucked Ellie, then he fucked Erin again. I guess if we would have all just gone to sleep after that it would just have to be OK with me and Ellie.
But that was not the case, they kept going like the Energizer Battery Bunny, and I quit looking when he started fucking her doggie. I do not find it a turn on seeing his, or any guy's hairy balls flapping up against a woman's ass, especially my wife's beautiful ass. Me doing it would be a whole different thing. I decided what else could I do but to just roll over and enjoy having the whole bed to myself, and I fell asleep, I was exhausted and I had not fucked half as much as them.
Erin did not come back to our bed until well, and I mean well after midnight, one of them turned out the light. I am only aware of that because of her being drunk, and tired from all the fucking she participated in, my spent Erin knocked a lot of shit over on her way back to our bed. I moved over to spoon and hold one of her tits, only to discover it was covered in Gus's cum. My cock encountered even more as it went between her legs, so I took a pass, rolled back the other way, and went back to sleep.
I guess despite being pissed, I had to have some respect for a guy that can fish and drink beer all day, fuck a guy's wife in front of him until the wee hours of the morning. Then send her back to him covered in cum. I can't deny he is a fit guy, I am not sure if she could expect that kind of stamina, or cum supply out of me.
The next day when we got up it was warm and sunny. Gus seemed the best, but the rest of us were hurting some, he wanted to get back to fishing.
Ellie was as pissed as I was, and was not having it. She was all over his ass about it and wanted us all to do something together, like go swimming. I guess after fucking my wife in front of her and me most of the night, he figured he better give in to her wishes.
We did not plan to swim and did not have swimsuits with us, but Ellie argued that although it was a public lake, there was no one very close to this part of it. It was not like none of us hadn't seen each other naked, so the four of us did some skinny-dipping. Gus was a little shy being naked in the daylight, but Ellie made him strip even his boxers off. We had fun, we played chicken fight and lifted each other's wives on our shoulders, and they wrestled making each other lose balance and fall off. I had never done that before naked, feeling Ellie's pussy against my neck was a new sensation that made me a little aroused even in lake water.
We got bored swimming after a while, the girl's nipples were rock hard, but our cocks were not, mine too was now showing signs of shrinkage from the lake water. Poor Gus, his penis almost retreated into his groin.
Ever heard of a women's scorn? Well, Ellie was still trying to get back at Gus, and maybe Erin too I think. After we got out of the lake, she came strutting over to me on the blanket holding her big tits out. Then she said to me, "Here Hank want to use these "Big" tits my husband does not appreciate anymore to warm up that "Big" cock of yours?"
Looking at how her hard nipples were making them look even better than usual, how could I pass on them? We were all sober but I took her up on it. I admit, like with her, I wanted to teach Gus and Erin a lesson, after all, our spouses did fuck half the night right next to her only a few feet from me.
I figured this was a chance to do it while we were all sober, so along with our revenge, maybe something could be learned from it. Ellie was certainly all for it and held her big breasts together to get them ready for me. I could not believe I had the courage right there in broad daylight in public, but if she was willing, I was.
I pushed my cock between her breasts, it was hard in seconds from the daring of doing this in front of Erin and Gus. Then I started to stroke between those two soft lovely pillows of flesh she had presented to me. I would stroke toward her mouth, she would use her tongue to lick my knob. I fucked her big tits until I was then so hard the head of my cock was purple and throbbing. It was so hot fucking her tits in front of Erin and Gus, but revenge was no longer part of it, I was getting off just plain being watched by anybody, especially our spouse during a sexual act.
My tit fucking session with Ellie was bound to escalate to more. It is hard for a naked man with something to prove to stop with a hardon and naked woman underneath him. I was worked up and she seemed to be as well. I dismounted and as I turned to see what reaction Ellie and I were getting from our spouses, she got a good hold on my cock. It was her turn to show off for Gus I guess and she started taking my cock in her mouth.
This was no dark cabin, this was daylight, and not but a few feet from our spouses. I was on my back, and her face was pointed toward her husband as she licked and worked my cock. From my perspective, I could not have seen a sexier sight, but by the looks on our spouse's faces, their opinion of it must have been different.
I would not say they were sitting there watching angrily. It was more of a pouty look on their faces, sitting there sober they did not seem to be that into each other at all, maybe they were just fucked out. They sat legs crossed with their arms folded on their laps. I decided we better move on before I came. I had decided I was going to make love to her and properly to even things up a bit. Then send Ellie back to him with my cum on, and maybe even inside her like he has done to me twice.
To get her ready to fuck, I first lifted her legs and I gave her a 1/4 turn, she pulled her legs up high so our spouses had a good view of her wonderful ass, and bald pussy as I dove in and started parting her lips with my tongue. I had never done anything like this in front of anyone before this weekend, and my dick was throbbing just thinking about them watching us. I wanted it to look graphic and spread her pussy open with my thumbs. I went between her clit and started tongue fucking her hole until she started to cum, and turned her head their way so they could see her pleasure.
My cock still throbbing it was time to move on. So I kept her legs upward and spread them. Now it was time for them to see me push my knob up against her opening until I had it in, and then slowly push the rest of my cock in that wonderful place. Up to this point, all we could hear was the rustle of the trees and the sounds of an outboard motor in the distance.
Then I could feel the suction created by her tight vagina encasing my cock. It was no longer as much to give them a show as it was for the just pure pleasure of getting to fuck her again. I stroked slowly at first though, so the two of them could see my cock going in and out of her. Then I was getting feedback from her in the form of moans, and her verbalization of what she wanted from me, "Oh Yes Hank, I want you to fuck me like Gus did Erin half the night. I want him to see what we did to each other before he got there as well. Let him see what another man's cock looks like in his wife's pussy like his was in my friend and your wife Erin's half the night, go deep inside me with that big cock."
She laid it on him heavy as she told me what she expected from me. I then leaned forward to try to get some friction on her clit, and started to increase my speed, as she pulled down my chest to hers. I could feel her nipples hit my chest first, as she pressed her big breasts against me.
I continued at that faster pace as we sucked on each other's tongues, and looked into each other's eyes. It felt so good fucking her, I was pushing things, as we could go too long with our spouses watching sober. But I was both pissed and horny, and I think she was too, but the little bit of messing around we had done the night before, was nothing compared to what they did.
It was time for harder and more rapid strokes, and my cock was up to the task, it was so rock hard and felt so good as I fucked her. She started to get louder with her moans and demands to me. I knew I had her close when she moved her hands down to my ass and gripped my cheeks as we fucked. I was not sure if it was her pleasure that made her so loud or if she wanted to make sure Gus could hear her, "Oh Fuck Yeah Hank, pound me, you are about to make me cum!"
I could feel my balls smacking her wonderful ass, as I stared into her eyes, but made sure to look over at Erin and Gus now and then.
She soon was starting to cum and she came hard, it was no exaggeration by her at all, I could feel her whole body convulse as she came and then shook some more. I only paused a moment, then resumed but sped up until I was on the verge myself. Instead of focusing on her, I stared at the other two as she said, "Oh Fuck Yeah Hank, cover these big tits when you are ready, show Gus what it looks like seeing your spouse's fucking."
I pulled out and as she requested, grabbed ahold of my hard cock to finish, and shot ropes of my cum all over her big tits, some that sailed over them made it to her mouth. She looked up, giving me such a wonderful smile as she gathered some cum with her fingers, being sure to show Gus when she licked her fingers clean. We gave each other just a little kiss, and then we both knew what we did, or overdid, and it was time to wrap it up and go over to our spouses.
I put my arm around my bride and hugged her tight and kissed her, then told her I loved her. I do, I do love the sober Erin, and do not want to lose her. She might have been pissed but returned my love by wrapping her arms around me, and again saying she was sorry, she didn't have to, just enjoying her naked body pressed against mine was enough for me. I was getting hard again, but I was getting hard to fuck her this time. There was no doubt we were ready to have each other right then and there, and after making out a while we did. I felt like our relationship was going to be OK.
Gus embraced, and kissed his wife Ellie, even though a lot of my cum was now being transferred to him. He now had his hands under her ass and lifted her, up as she wrapped her legs around his, and her arms around his neck. His smaller but mighty cock was hard, and showing between her legs. I guess for Gus, seeing another man's dick deep inside your wife, and then cum all over her made him realize how hot and desirable she is. That may have helped, he helped himself to sloppy seconds, and they fucked, they are going to be OK too.
Yes! Minus the jealousy, we had felt, and I know this will sound corny, But I think we all had an awesome fucking time!