Friday a nervous Martha got up late, she didn't sleep very well. She will be exposed to the group of men for the first employee appreciation night. Martha hopes they will like her and they will see the table in use for the first time. They will do the trim of her pubic area in front of the assembled group. It was decided Mark will do the honors with Hal assisting while all others watched.
Martha took extra care with her appearance today doing her nails, hair and makeup. She dressed in a matching bra and pantie set, zipper front dress and three inch heels. They left early to pick up Mark. Martha didn't strip on the way, she wanted to remain fresh for her exposure today.
They arrived before the night shift arrived. Five men who were chosen for their excellent work habits, besides Mark, Hal, Walter, Fred, Tom, Jack, the CEO, and CFO would be at the demonstration tonight.
Unlike the CMNF displays to follow, the first demonstration will start as soon as the night shift starts. The group walked to the time clock and punched in. Mark went to the Media room to set up for Martha's trim. Hal and Martha went to the conference room to meet with Walter, the CEO and CFO. They all greeted each other and sat.
CEO stood and said, "Thank you Martha for agreeing to the experiment we are about to embark on and to your husband for allowing you to do this."
Walter said, "We will go to the media room now to begin the demonstration."
Martha had to be helped up by Hal, as she was very nervous being the first time there will be so many people present. Going into the media room there were in total 12 men who will view Martha. She looked around and everyone smiled at her. She hoped they will like the demonstration tonight. This is new ground they are embarking on something that has never been tried before.
A spokesman for first group of five employees stood up he said, "We want to thank Martha for agreeing to be a model for this. Hal for letting his wife do this, and the organization for this experiment to see if this will boost production of this site."
Hal stood up saying, "I will demonstrate the table before Martha gets on it." Using the control box to show the group what the table is capable of for a few minutes.
Walter stood up and said, "Martha please get ready, as we will be trimming you before the demonstration begins."
Hal helped Martha up. She removed her dress and handed it to Mark. He folded it and put it on the table. Hal unhooked her bra, she removed it and gave it to Mark to fold. He placed the bra with the dress. Mark and Hal held her as she removed her panties, while she stepped out of them one foot at a time. She bent down to retrieve her discarded panties; she gave all in back of her their first view of her womanhood and brown star.
Mark and Hal walked her to the table. Hal brought the table to the upright position. Martha turned and rested her back on the padded table after she stepped on the foot rests. The table was mechanically laid flat. Mark secured the ankle straps, while Fred secured the waist strap. Her husband worked the controls to spread his wife's legs, so her pubic area trim and shave could begin.
Hal used a trimmer to trim his wife's pubic bush careful not to nick the sensitive area. Mark was between Martha's legs shaving the hair around her pussy. He took one lip between his figures and stretched it after he put shaving cream on the area. Two of his fingers are in the woman's pussy as he is shaving her. It took him a half hour to finish his tonsorial efforts on the older woman's pussy.
Martha was so hot with Mark's ministration she needed to cum; the poor woman moaned as the young man rubbed her pussy and scrapped away the hair. He used a warm cloth and some lotion to make sure she didn't get shaver rash.
Walter said, "We will start the demonstration now with the CEO and CFO being the first to manually manipulate Martha's flower of life."
The CEO and CFO started by rubbing Martha's breasts one young man on each side of her with a breast in hand. The young men couldn't get over how nice the older woman's breast felt. Her breasts are very sensitive and she began to moan within a few minutes of their manipulation. They went to her pussy they started to rub around the entrance to her honey pot and then they each used a finger to enter her at the same time. They hooked their fingers to rub her G spot this sent her off as the CFO inserted his finger in her brown star as she was Cumming this caused a second orgasm.
"I need to rest!" moaned Martha after coming down for her orgasm.
She laid there spread resting as all there were standing looking at the exposed woman. Martha didn't ask to be released, so Hal left her secured to the table. She loved the feel of two men at a time giving her pleasure.
Five minutes later Martha said, "OK, who's next?" She had a smile on her face.
It made the group present more at ease. They knew Martha enjoyed her exposure. It went on for the next four hours. Martha had more orgasms than she could count. When she was finally released from the table, she had to be helped up by Mark and Hal. It was only nine PM when the demonstration was complete. The CEO sent Martha home with Hal and Mark. He handed her an envelope, she opened it to find 20 hundred dollar bills.
They walked Martha out of the building nude. Mark per usual brought her clothes, as Hal helped his exhausted wife to the car. Hal gave the keys to Mark and helped his wife into the back seat. He entered the back seat with her and rested her head on his lap. He rubbed her shoulders and breasts as Mark drove home. The exhausted woman was asleep before they left the complexes parking lot. Hal looked at his lovely nude wife, as she fell asleep with a smile on her face.
For the next four months every Friday night after lunch break a group of ten men congregated in the Media room to enjoy the CMNF exposure of Martha for four hours each Friday night. Hal was enjoying his wife's exposure she was making her pay plus Two Thousand Dollars a week as a cash bonus. Life was good.
Walter called a meeting with Hal and Martha on Monday night. "The CEO has sent these tickets to you for an all-expense paid trip to Las Vegas for two weeks at the Palazzo Hotel it is a suite of rooms on the forty-third floor. As appreciation for the work you have done to make the organization more profitable. Over the last quarter our profits for the night shift has been steadily increasing corporate figures it is your contribution to this group that has contributed to the increase. Corporate thanks you Martha and Hal."
Walter who is about four years older than Martha at sixty had a startling statement to make about the employee appreciation festivities program saying. "I would like to see my wife Gloria strapped to the table Hal made."
This shocked all of them at the meeting as Walter's wife Gloria who they had met at many of the functions the facility has had was a very shy woman who stands in the background, almost blended in with the wall paint most of the time. They couldn't see how this could be accomplished.
Walter is tall and thin as is his wife. She is about Five foot eleven inches with black hair, green eyes; Gloria is the same age as Martha, she has nice legs and bottom but no breasts you could see with the loose clothes she wears. Gloria is a very modest woman to the point she dresses in the bath room at night and in the morning with the door locked, Walter confessed to the group. She only likes to have sex in the dark in the missionary position, which is very rarely at this time.
They have three grown children and have been married for over thirty-five years and now sex for Walter is almost nonexistent. This is why he brought this information to the group in hopes to bring sex back into their relationship as Martha did in her marriage.
Hal was the first to ask Walter, "How are you going to get your wife to consent to being strapped down to the table?"
Walter said, "I called the CEO and CFO for help. They will call my wife and each tells her, she would have to take more of an interest in the facility, if she wants me to continue to manage the facility."