AUTHOR'S NOTE: These chapters are written to be read in sequence, to fully understand and enjoy the story -- RUSTY
Chapter 5 -- The Bridge
Each new working day Amanda hoped she would receive her next instructions from SA. It was a week later when they finally arrived.
"What are you doing next Wednesday at lunch?" Her Secret Admirer's message appeared across her screen.
"Whatever you want me to do." Amanda quickly typed back.
"Good. Then on Wednesday, drive over to parking lot 'L' in the city park. Walk up to the restrooms. On the woman's side you will find an envelope with instructions."
Amanda read the words and a flutter of images came rushing into her head of what he might be up to. Each vision excited her. The fact that each of her thoughts was naughty also excited her. She was starting to understand that this exchange excited her as much as the actual event.
"I'll be there. Is there anything I need to wear special for you." She typed hoping that he would pick something that was erotic.
"No. Just go to the park and you will find out what I want." He signed off.
***** ***** ***** *****
It was hard for Amada to get through the next five days. Her imagination was running wild, wanting Wednesday to come faster.
Wednesday finally did arrive, but it still did not help her to sit in her office, watching the clock, as the noon hour ticked slowly closer. Amanda had hoped that he would at least communicate with her via IM, but that was not to happen today. Finally it was eleven-thirty, time for her to grab her purse and leave the office. She did not want to be late.
She was dressed in a tiny summer dress that flew out with her legs as she briskly walked down the hall. The other males in the office had taken notice of her appearance today and stopped to say good-day as she passed, enjoying the fullness of her hair and her long wonderful legs in three inch green heels.
Amanda had swung the purse strap over her shoulder and presented a large smile to each of her co-workers as she almost ran out of the office. She was getting wet just thinking about what might be waiting for her. The tiny sheer purple g-string was working overtime to hold her wetness back.
She had already figured out the fastest way to the park in her head. The traffic played in her favor, which let her focus on the road. Within fifteen minutes she was driving up to the only building located in parking lot 'L'. Leaving the engine running and both hands on the steering wheel, Amanda looked out through her car windows to see if anyone else was nearby. She found she was alone and shut the engine down.
Taking a deep breath, Amanda brushed the hair from her eyes, opened the door, and stepped out. It did not take her long to walk up to the single building and find the women's side. As she came around the corner of the building and looked up she spotted some paper taped to the door. Seeing her name typed in large letters on the envelope, she knew she had arrived at the right spot.
Amanda removed the item from the door, turned it over and found it was not sealed. Inside she found a short note, a map, and another enveloped which was sealed. She opened and read the note.
My little exhibitionist, -- Go inside the restroom, remove all you clothing, including your shoes, return to your car and drive to the place marked in red on the map. Open the second envelope after you arrive at the next location. -- Are you getting wet?
He knew her too well. Amanda was very excited just reading the note, realizing that she would be driving naked to the next location. The map showed a spot fairly close to the park. She was familiar with the area and knew how to get there without the map.
She slipped into the restroom and removed all her clothing. Amanda was glad that she had brought her large purse as she slid each item into the bag, including her heels. Looking in the mirror at herself, she saw how erect her nipples projected out. She smiled.
Amanda walked over to the door and opened it slightly to see if anyone might be outside. As much as she was enjoying being an exhibitionist, she still didn't want to come too close to anyone seeing her like this. Peeking through the door she was relieved to find only her car visible from where she stood, and no one else in the parking lot.
Opening the door Amanda walked briskly, actually running barefoot, to her car. She jumped in, sat low in her seat and breathed a sigh of relief that no one had seen her. Her heart was beating very fast. The thought of getting caught excited her.
She drew the seat belt across her breasts, thinking the strap covered her, started the engine and backed out of her parking spot. Amanda made her way slowly to the entrance of the park and pulled out into the road. She looked down at the map, just to double check her next turn.
Amanda drove down the country road, thankful that there were no cars behind her and especially any coming towards her. She started to relax as she came up on the left turn that took her onto an old country road. Having no idea what was waiting for her helped to excite her.
She drove two miles and noticed that the interstate was coming into view ahead. Amanda was very close to the spot on the map where he wanted her to stop. As she approached, she spotted a place along the road, large enough for her to park. It was positioned next to the bridge that ran over the interstate. The traffic running under the bridge was very heavy. If she could guess, she had a pretty good idea what was going to happen next. Picking up the second envelope, she ripped it open.
If you are reading this, you should be parked along the bridge that runs over the interstate. I want you to get out of your car, naked, and walk slowly to the other side of the bridge. There is a package on the other side waiting for you. Pick it up and walk slowly back to your car. And don't forget to wave at the truckers, they will be waving at you with their horns.
She had figured right, this is what he would want her to do. Amanda looked out her window, and the almost cloudless sky allowed the sun to shine brightly. As she opened the door and stepped out, the warm summer air caressed her naked body.
For the earlier tasks she had a place to hide. This time she was outside, all alone, vulnerable, and very much on display. As she looked at the bridge she noted that it ran over the four lanes of the highway and was relieved to find no roads that provided any direct access to the bridge from the highway below. This calmed her some knowing that the only vehicles that could reach her would need to use the same road that brought her to the interstate. Realizing that she would be able to see any car coming long before it could reach the bridge, Amanda started to walk.
She approached the bridge and saw that it was a single lane span running over the interstate. It had a metal security fence that was bolted to the road surface. Amanda realized that the fence would not hide her from the traffic, once she was on the bridge. She walked onto the overpass and looked down. The traffic was very heavy. About ten feet onto the bridge she heard her first horn. It came from a large eighteen wheeler one-eighth of a mile down the road coming at her fast. As she looked towards the sound of the horn, she could see a large smiling driver hitting his horn and waving frantically at her. He was traveling at a high rate of speed and she hoped that he would not cause an accident while looking up at her. It excited her knowing he could see her naked, so she stopped, turned in his direction and waved. His horn gave off a rapid number of honks. Smiling, she waved back.
No sooner had his truck passed under the bridge when the next truck started honking, as did the car next to him. She thought it best that she wave and continued to walk not knowing how much time she really had before they might find an exit down the road and drive back to her location. Walking briskly across the bridge, she enjoyed the warm sun on her body and the attention of the drivers below. Amanda was midway across the span when both sides of the road erupted with horns. The naked lady on the bridge was the main attraction to the traffic traveling under the bridge.
Amanda picked up her pace, continued to wave as she became aware of the traffic starting to slow. Off in the distance she watched one car had pulled off onto the shoulder. He would have a hard time backing up with all the traffic coming at him, but she was now getting a little concerned. On the other side of the bridge she spotted the box off to the side. Surely this must be the package he mentioned in the note. She walked up to the box, away from the viewing eyes of the interstate, and saw 'My Exhibitionist' written on top of the box. Knowing it was intended for her, she picked up the package, turned and decided that she needed to get back to her car.
Amanda started back across the bridge, again the horns started to blare. This time there were more vehicles that had pulled off the road as they passed under the bridge. Amanda could see a number of men getting out and making their way back to the bridge. She started to run.
She could feel her heart beating as she scurried back to her car. It didn't take her long to get to the vehicle, get in, and start the engine. As she looked outside she could see the traffic had slowed to a crawl. Amanda did not want to wait around any longer to find out what might happen next. She put the car in drive and turned the car around, and started to drive back to the park.
Amanda was breathing rapidly as she drove down the road, looking in her mirror to see if anyone was following. Praying that she did not cause an accident on the interstate.
She arrived at the park, pulled up to building 'L', got out and ran to the restrooms where she dressed and returned to her car. Her cell phone was ringing as she closed the door and sat behind the wheel. She was not surprised to find it was SA calling.
"Nice show! Did you enjoy yourself?" He asked in a disguised voice.
"Yes, I am weak at the knees from my excitement. Did you see me?"
"Yes. I could see you very clearly in the sun light."
"Where were you? I didn't see anyone other than the traffic below."
"I was hidden nearby and I saw it all. You certainly can stop traffic." He laughed at his own remark.
"I didn't cause any accidents, did I?"
"No. But you probably broke a few hearts." He laughed again.
"I see you found the box. You earned its contents. Enjoy." And the phone when dead.
Amanda picked up the box. It was about half the size of a shirt box, but about as deep. She opened the box and found another silk scarf. This one was pure white, with the same design as the others, but accented in ruby red embroidery against the white background. She pulled it out and ran it around her shoulders letting it drape in her lap. She pulled up the material to her face and took a long breath, enjoying the smell. She noticed that there was something familiar about its smell, but could not place the scent. She thought maybe it reminded her of the other scarves and did not give it any further thought.
***** ***** ***** *****
The next day at work SA again talked to her via IM.
"You were fantastic yesterday. Did you enjoy yourself?" She could almost read the excitement in his words.
"Yes, I had to go home and masturbate using the new scarf. All four scarves are beautiful. This last one was as exquisite as the others."
"I'm glad you have enjoyed getting the scarves. Would you like to use them in your next task?" He asked with nervous anticipation.
"Yes, I think using the scarves might be a nice touch. I would love anything that you might suggest.'
"Good, then expect another box in the mail this coming week with instructions. You can let me know via IM if you agree with what I am asking."
This excited her to think that the next adventure was already being planned. She had enjoyed the others, why wouldn't she enjoy this adventure? She told him she looked forward to getting the box.
***** ***** ***** *****
The following weekthreeboxes arrived at her work location. One was the size of a hat box, the second looked to be a shoe box, and the third was much larger, about the size of a coat box. Amanda did not open any of the boxes at work, but took them home to the privacy of her bedroom.
Later, at home, she opened the boxes while Allen was away from the house. In the larger box she found a deep ruby red cloak, as she stood up and held it up to her shoulders she found a zipper that ran the full front length of the cape and draped down to her calves. She placed the garment back onto the bed and picked up the shoe box. Inside she found a pair of sexy four inch heels, with only a few delicate leather straps to hold them to her feet. The shoes were the same ruby color as the cloak. In the third box she was met with a surprise. Inside was a beautiful Venetian mask. It was a three-quarter gold mask studded with jewels and flared with a ring of ruby red feathers that would cover all but the lower third of her face. Within the third box she also found an envelope. She opened it and read its contents.
Would you join me for a mask ball? -- You are invited to a special party to be held Saturday, August twelfth at ten in the evening. Please wear the contents of each box plus the four scarves. Nothing else! A limo will pick you up at nine p.m. sharp and drive you to the location of the party. You will need to bring the invitation. -- You will recognize me when you are approached by a masked man holding one long stem yellow rose. -- Let me know by IM if you can attend. -- SA
Looking deeper into the envelope Amanda found a formal invitation. It looked like an invitation that one would receive for an expensive wedding, rimmed with gold, raised letters, and spelling out the date/time of the party.
***** ***** ***** *****
Allen was pleased with the progress of her training. His plans had gone beyond his wildest expectations. The fire he had desired in their marriage had returned. He could feel her excitement after she acted out each of his tasks.
Amanda had become an animal on the weekends during their love making. She also wanted to make love more often during the week. It excited him knowing that he was the teacher and he was reaping the benefits of his teaching as she lived out each of their adventures.
This party would be the final episode of his planning, at least for now. This was the fantasy that most excited him that he had read in her diary. He was now ready to turn the fantasy into reality and act it out with her at the party. He had already told Amanda that he would be working out of town on August twelfth, which provided him the opportunity to do what he needed to get done, and for her to do what she desired that day.
The party could not come fast enough for either of them.