Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.
*****
"Lift up your skirt."
Becca's entire body burned, trembling as she tried to force her hands to resist, but the dug refused to relent. With each beat of her heart she could feel it searing inside of her, every inch of her under its influence. Will had told her it was just an anti-anxiety cocktail, something to soothe the stress of finals weeks—but nearly the second she'd swallowed the last drop, the effects were immediate, her world blurring at the edges.
Will had started simple, grinning a cheshire cat smile as he told her to hop up and down on one foot. To bark like a dog. To show him a sexy dance, which is when things took a turn, and he asked her to tell him how often she touched herself. Did she finger her pussy? Did she use a vibrator? What did she think about when she did it? And she'd answered, like the depraved pervert that she was, "Getting fucked in public by strangers."
That was when he ordered her to come with him across campus to the Swallow—the student operated cafe run out of the activity center's basement, a fairly large space littered with mismatched tables and chairs, always busy, always full of people. Students, professors, anyone who saw the posters and felt like getting a cappuccino. It was Becca's favorite place on campus.
Her hands shook, pinching the hem of her skirt between her fingers and lifting it, revealing the simple blue panties underneath. She saw a pair of guys at a nearby table gawking at her, but everyone else was still too wrapped up in their chatting and studying.
"Hmm," Will hummed, stroking his chin in mock consideration before kneeling down in front of her. He raised his hand, tracing a finger down the visible slit through her panties. Becca made a mmph! sound at his touch, electric even though it was so light, so teasing through the thin fabric. "These panties are pretty unsexy. Maybe you should take them off?"
Becca shook her head, chin length blonde strands slipping out of the tiny ponytail she'd pulled her hair into that morning. The drug controlled her movements, and her speech on command, but otherwise her genuine reactions were unaltered. Unless he ordered her, she could only give truthful answers, and she didn't want to take her panties off in the middle of a cafe. Her eyes traced over the dozens of people all around her, face blushing so hot it felt like her skin might start bubbling.
Will looked up at her. His eyes were dark, unmoved by her reluctance. "Take them off. Slowly."
Becca's eyes clenched shut, dropping her skirt. She hooked her thumbs under the elastic, then slowly, slowly pulled her panties down.
"That's a good girl—hold your skirt up so everyone can see your bare, naked pussy," he said as she stood upright again, stepping out of the blue cotton completely. More people were beginning to notice. Even in the corner by the couch, it was really hard to miss. Despite her blush and bitten lip and watery eyes, she throbbed between her thighs as she looked over the faces staring at her now, recognizing many of them. Brian, the guy she gave her number to last week. Melissa, her project partner in their anthropology class. Others, too, all staring at her naked cunt.
She sniffled, pulling the skirt up again to reveal herself. "Please stop—don't make me do this."
"Mm, look at that," Will whispered, eyes on her exposed sex. He licked his lips, and Becca tried to repress the shudder that ran through her at the thought of that mouth on her, here, in front of everyone.
"Will, man, what are you doing?"
The boys from the other table shook her from her dazed thoughts as they walked up behind Will, though their eyes never left Becca.
"This is my friend, Becca," Will explained, and Becca glared. They only knew each other casually, living in the same building, having a few mutual friends. The only thing she'd known about Will was that he was a dealer, and a chem major, and Julie had assured Becca he could help her with her sleep paralysis and panic attacks with one of his concoctions. Now they definitely weren't friends. "She does whatever I say."
One of the guys snorted. "Did you give her something? Jesus, you're an ass."
"Speaking of asses," Will said, gaze meeting herself. "Turn around and show them yours, Becca. Bend over for us."
Becca hated him. Christ, did she hate him. But her body moved on it's own accord, and she turned to bend over at the waist, hands against the table in front of her. Her skirt was short enough that it hid nothing, but she still felt Will flip the hem up to expose her completely.
"Now smack it," he said. "Spank yourself, you dirty bitch."
She reached one hand back, and gave her left cheek a firm slap, ass jiggling from impact. The guys behind her laughed, and Becca bit her bottom lip, trying to will herself not to cry.
"Again," Will said. "Keep going—don't stop until I say."
Her hand came down, over and over, the pain building more and more as her asscheeks stung, the skin hot to the touch every time her palm came made contact. The slap, slap, slap! sound was deafening in the cafe, and she could feel more people gathering around, pulling up chairs and whispering to themselves. Becca's mouth dropped open, whimpering out strangled noises every time she hit herself, eyes shut as she arched her back into the harsh sting.
"Tell everyone how much you love it," Will commanded. "Tell them how much you love spanking yourself for them, because you're such a naughty little girl."
Becca's voice wavered as she tried to keep her mouth clamped shut, but it was useless. The words burst out of her, "I-I love it! I love spanking myself for all of you! Oooh, fuck, I'm a such naughty little girl who loves to be spanked."
More laughter, then one of his friends shouted, "If you were really a naughty little girl, you'd take the rest of your clothes off!"
"You heard the man," Will said. "Stand up and strip facing us."
Becca turned back around, face as red as her ass. She kicked off her flats, and undid the zipper of her skirt, letting it drop to the floor near her long forgotten panties. Pulling her shirt up over her head and flinging it to the side, someone whistled and went, "No bra—what a slut!" Shame coursed hot and steady through her. Will had made her take off her bra and leave it in his room, her breasts jiggling under her thin t-shirt all throughout the long walk across campus, nipples hard and obvious under the soft white fabric. Three times he'd made her stop and flash her tits in the cool spring air, passersby doing double-takes, smirking and shouting things. But now he wouldn't tell her to pull her shirt back down. Now there she stood, naked in front of a crowd of people, at their complete mercy. Wet. She could feel it, undeniable between her thighs. And that wasn't the drug—that was all her, and she knew it.
Will walked around and came up behind her, guiding her by the arm to the sturdy wood table, long enough to fit a dozen people. He motioned for her to get up on it, and Becca obeyed, leaning back and leveraging herself up easily. From behind the table, Will reached over and pulled her back by the waist, centering her, and hooking hands under her knees to spread her legs. Everyone watched, transfixed on her naked body as they murmured and giggled to themselves.
"Do you feel that?" Will asked, letting her go.
Becca frowned. "Feel what?"
"You feel someone's mouth on your pussy," Will said, and the second the words left his lips, she could feel it—the gentle, warm pressure of an open mouth on her, kissing softly. "You feel their tongue gently tracing up and down your wet, needy slit. It circles your clit, but doesn't touch it. Just teases, slowly."
"Oh god," Becca moaned, legs spreading wider as she leaned her weight against her arms, hands braced against the table. Her hips started moving, rocking against the sensation of a slick, hot tongue tracing her pussy lips. It had been forever since she had someone eat her out, and the sensation made her gush, licking her lips.
"Fingers spread you wide, and you feel it finally flicker lightly against your sensitive little clitty," Will went on, and Becca shouted. "Tell everyone what you feel."
"I feel it," she huffed. "I feel someone licking my pussy. I feel their hot tongue teasing me."
Will asked, "How does it feel to get eaten out in front of all these people? I bet some of them even know you—they see you in class or around campus, and now they see your spread cunny as someone licks it slowly with the flat of their tongue, lapping at it like a dog."
"I hate it," she cried, stuffing a hand into her hair and pulling as she rolled her hips. "I hate how much I love it. It feels so gooooood, oh shit!"
"Feels good, doesn't it? Letting everyone see how much of a dirty slut you are? Especially as your clit gets sucked on."
"Oh fuck!" Becca tossed her head back, the pressure almost unbearable as invisible lips encircled her and suckled greedily.
"You can't come, though," Will said. "You can't come until I say."
Becca was panting, tears slipping out of the corners of her eyes as she saw someone take out their phone and start snapping pictures. There was no doubt there would be pics and videos spreading like wildfire across campus; they would probably end up online, too, for strangers to see. Maybe even people from her hometown, all of her old high school friends watching her naked writhing body, gyrating like a whore for in public for anyone to see. She tried to fuck herself against the invisible face buried between her legs harder.
"Okay, the mouth is gone," Will said, and Becca sagged in relief back against the table. "But you feel something else now."
"No," she whimpered, looking at the crowd of faces around her, recording her.
"Mm yes, feel that?" Will said, his hands sliding under her arms, grabbing her tits and squeezing, jiggling. "That's a huge cock, head sliding up and down your pussy."
Becca swallowed, feeling the hot tip right at her hole, then up to her clit, down and around again. She shuddered, Will pinching her nipples and flickered a fingertip over the sensitive peaks, over and over again to make her back arch.
"You want that cock inside of you more than anything," Will told her. "You want that cock fucking you in front of everyone. You need it, because you're a cockhungry whore. The second it's inside of you, you won't be able to stop—the only thing you'll ever want or need is to be fucked in every hole. You're going to lose your mind to it, and you're going to love every second of it, Becca.."
Becca was crying now, unable to stop, knowing there was no one that would help her, nothing that could save her. And the worst part was—beneath the tears and the pleas and the drugs, beneath her shyness and reluctance, this is what she'd always secretly wanted. All the nights she stayed up when her roommate was out, fucking herself with her toys and dreaming of being in front of classrooms, in front of crowds in the park, having anonymous eyes and hands all over her. People calling her names, filming her debauchery—it was the only thing that ever truly got her off.
"You want it?" Will asked. "Be honest."
Becca nodded, frantic. "Yes, please, god I want it so bad!"
"Then you have to tell all these lovely people what a desperate slut you secretly are."
Becca looked up at the blur of faces surrounding the table. "I'm a messy, dirty fucking slut—I fuck myself stupid every night thinking about getting gangbanged by strangers. I put toys in my pussy and my ass and suck on a dildo with my door unlocked and my windows open. I hump the washing machines in the laundry room when no one's around. I want everyone to see me. I want everyone to know that all I want is to be a cockhungry sex slave. I want to be collared and led around on a leash, forced to hump my pussy against strangers' legs and lick other slaves' wet, needy cunts. I want to be tied up and blindfolded and have my pussy and ass spanked, my holes abused, choking on cock after cock—anything they want! I want to be used all day, every day, please!"
"Holy shit," someone whispered.
"What a fucking whore."
"You feel it," Will said. "You feel that dick sliding inside of you. It is the best thing you've ever fucking felt in your life, because this is what you were made for. You were made to be fucked like a bitch in heat."
"Yes! Yes! Fuck yes!" Becca screamed, lifting her hips up to meet each invisible thrust, fucking herself on what looked like nothing but thin air, but she could feel it. She could feel that searing hot cock splitting her open. Her eyes rolled back into her head, tongue lolling out of her mouth with drool dribbling down her chin.
"This is the craziest thing I've ever seen."
"Is she gonna be okay?"
"Look at her go—she really thinks something's fucking her!"
"You're riding it now," Will said to her.
The cock was slamming into her, hitting her at the perfect angle every time. The noises she was making were brutal, being fucked out of her with every hot, wet thrust. Her tits jumped up and down as she started to bounce on it. "Yes, yes, oh god, yes! Everyone look at me—watch my slutty cunny get fucked!"
She could see Will now, smirking up at her. "Flip over and let him hit it from the back."
Becca got on her hands and knees, rocking back to meet every push. Her open, drooling mouth was filled with two of Will's fingers, pressing back into her throat and sliding in and out in time with the force fucking her. She shook her ass, feeling it wobble, and sucked at his salty fingers.
"Does your naughty lil pussy want to come?" Will cooed, taking his fingers out of her mouth. She slurped, gasping, and nodded her head. "If you say yes, I'm gonna make you come over and over again, 'til you can't stand it. 'Til it hurts so good."
"Yes!" she moaned.
"Say, 'Yes daddy.'"
Even in her state, even with her brain melting, dark embarrassment curled in her as she screamed, "Yes, daddy! My naughty pussy wants to come, please!"
"What do you guys think?" Will asked the audience. "Should I let her come?"
There was a hell yes! at the same time as a fuck no!, murmurs of disagreement breaking out around her as Becca pressed her burning face against the cool table, ass till high in the air and grinding back on the invisible dick still fucking her. It was so good, it was so, so good but she couldn't come until he let her. Her vision was blurring, her mind blanking save for the resounding chant of fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!
"Make her tell us a secret first!" someone called out. "Something real fuckin' dirty—then she can come!"
"I like that," Will replied, grinning, he looked at her. "The cock inside you is gone. Turn over and face everyone."
Becca whimpered, rolling over with shaking limbs to sit in the middle of the table, pussy aching to be fucked and filled again.
"Tell them a dirty secret, Becca," Will demanded. "And slap your pussy for us, while you're at it."
Becca's breathing was still ragged from being fucked, but she spread her legs, patting her drenched cunt, but Will barked out, "Harder and faster."
She listened, slapping her pussy hard right on her clit over and over as she said, "When my roommate comes home drunk and passes out I play with her."
"Oh?" Will asked, sounding impressed. "What do you do? Rub it for everyone, now."
"I l-lick her, sometimes," Becca admits, swirling her fingers. "Through her panties, then I peel them off and burry by face in her wet cunny."
"What else!" someone called from the crowd.
"One time, I put one of her legs up over my shoulder and made our pussies kiss. I was only, ooh, gonna do it for a second but...it just felt so fucking good. Over and over, I kept grinding our cunts together—she even came! She liked it even if she couldn't remember in the morning."
"Wow, Becca," Will said, smiling. "That's fucked up."
"I know," she cries. "But I can't help it."
"Do you like girls better than guys?" he asked.
"No, I love cock," Becca moaned. "I love cock, I want one in me right now, please!"
"Whose cock do you want, baby?"
She tilted her head back, looking at Will. He was hard in his sweatpants. Her mouth watered. "I want daddy's cock."
He smirked, rubbing a hand over his bulge. "You feel your daddy's cock in your pussy again, and another sliding into your ass, fucking you so hard you can't think."
Becca let out a deep, guttural scream as she felt holes stretched and penetrated, mercilessly fucked. Her eyes rolled back into her head, mouth hanging open, feeling so fucking full, the way her rubber toys had never truly done. Flat on her back against the table with her hips bouncing, titties jiggling, everyone watching her writhe on a table in the cafe like broken bimbo, Becca had never felt a pleasure like this. Her whole body trembled, so close to coming it was painful, but it didn't stop.
"Your roommate is here," Will said. "And she's sucking on your slutty clitty, Becca. She wants you return the favor."
Even though there was nothing in front of her, when Becca stuck her tongue out she could taste Julie, could feel the hot folds of her naked pussy, her throbbing clit. Becca slobbered and sucked, moaning at the familiar taste as her ass and cunt were pounded relentlessly.
"You can come now."
Becca's entire body seized, orgasm ripping through her, and for a second all she could see was blinding white. She knew she must've screamed, but she couldn't hear anything, couldn't feel anything except full and fucked and mind numbing pleasure.
When she finally had some sense of where she was and what was happening, she saw Will reach over and slap her pussy. "Come again."
She rolled over onto her front, entire body shaking violently, tears streaking down her face, sweat and spit dripping against the table as she came again, nearly blacking out from the pleasure. "Daddyyyyyy fuuuuuck meeeeee!"
Another slap against her clit. "Again."
She rolled, moaning, and one of her legs fell off the side of the table, pussy humping uselessly against the edge—it was nearly painful, her entire body raw and oversensitive, the crowd around her whistling and cheering.
"Stop."
Her entire body sagged in relief, ass and pussy throbbing as she panted heavily against the table. When she finally found the strength to open her eyes, she could see Sarah from her consumer economics class, and her stats professor, and the guys who lived in the suite down the hall from her. They could see her blushing naked body, her wet pussy—everything, and she whimpered.
"Sit up and spread your legs," Will said, and Becca groaned, but she had no choice but to listen. "Tell them what you want, Becca."
"Fuck me," she croaked, holding her legs up under the knees. "Please, everyone fuck me."
"I get her first," Will said, taking himself out of his sweats. At just the sight of his long, flushed dick, Becca moaned, sticking her tongue out and panting for it. He turned back to look at her, stroking himself, and smirked. "Then everyone else can have their turn."
the end.