George and Alix finally arrived at the hiking trail and they both quickly downed some water to hydrate themselves before they began their hike.
"So you ready to go babe?" George asked Alix.
"Yeah just one moment," she said as she reached down and pulled off her t-shirt off and tossed it back in the passenger seat of the car. George couldn't help but stare at his sexy girlfriend as she wore just her jog bra and very short shorts. It was great to see her toned abs on display.
"You sure that look isn't going to be too distracting to all the other guys on the trail?" George teasingly asked Alix.
"What are you talking about? I think I look great," Alix said back to George with a big smile on her face. "Well I'm certainly not going to refute the opinion that you look great," George said as he walked over to his girl.
"Well you better not say that you don't think I look good. As for all of those other guys they can look all they want but I'm all yours babe," she said as she leaned up to kiss her boyfriend.
"Alright let's go then cause I'm ready to go hiking and explore these woods," Alix said as she jogged off toward the hiking trail. George just smiled to himself and shook his head as he watched his sexy girlfriend jog toward the trail in her sexy outfit before he ran off to catch up with her. The two of them began walking down the trail with each other enjoying the feeling of being in nature and enjoying the great weather they were experiencing. George couldn't help but glance down at his girlfriend's sexy tight little butt in her tiny short shorts. The trail they were on was relatively crowded with the nice weather and he couldn't help but notice that quite a few other guys were checking his sexy girlfriend in her skimpy outfit. While other guys checking out their girlfriends might bother a lot of men, George actually enjoyed knowing that guys were checking out his girlfriend. In fact he saw once guy who stared a little too blatantly at Alix and got slapped on the back of his head by the girl he was with, which caused George to chuckle to himself and Alix turned around an asked him why he was laughing.
"Well I told you guys were going to stare at you if you were dressed like that and this one guy was staring a little too hard at you and his girlfriend noticed and smacked him on the back of the head," George said while still chuckling to himself.
Alix rolled her eyes and said, "Well it's not my fault that I enjoy showing off for you, and you better not be staring too hard at any other girls or I'll have to give you a nice smack of your own."
George held up his hands in surrender and said, "Why would I be staring at any other girls when I'm already here with the hottest girl on the trail." Alix rolled her eyes again at the blatant compliment before smiling and leaning up to kiss George again. They continued hiking along the trail before reaching some ruins of an old building that used to be a factory beside the river.
There were a bunch of people taking pictures in front of the ruin and Alix leaned over to George and said, "Why don't we get a picture as well babe?" "Yeah that's a great idea babe. Let me go find someone to take it for us."
George saw a group of middle aged women and walked up to them and asked, "Would you mind taking a picture of my girlfriend and me?"
"Oh of course I can take a picture of y'all," one of the women responded. George thanked the woman and handed her his phone so she could take a picture of Alix and him. He walked over to where Alix was waiting and put his arm around her as they posed for the woman to take their picture. George loved the way Alix leaned into him as they smiled for the camera and he held onto her just a little tighter. Once the woman was done taking the pictures George walked back over to her to get his phone. He thanked the woman for taking their pictures and started walking back toward Alix when he noticed that one of the women was giving Alix a very dirty look.
When the woman who had taken their pictures got back over to her friends he heard the one woman lean over to her friends and say, "Did you see that way that girl is dressed? What a slut, just showing off her body to any guy that walks by. Hopefully that young man will learn from his mistake and start dating a more respectful girl." Hearing the woman say that just pissed George off immediately and he thought about saying something to her, but realized that Alix wouldn't appreciate him causing a scene and he walked back to her grumbling to himself the whole way. When he got back to Alix she could immediately tell something was wrong and asked him what was bothering him. George glanced back at the group of women giving them a dirty look before putting his arm around Alix and led her down the trail a bit before sharing with her what he heard the other woman say.
"Don't worry about it babe. I know there are plenty of women who aren't going to approve of me dressing like this but you know what, I don't care. I'll dress how and want and if those bitches want to criticize me for it then they can go right ahead. The only person I care about thinking how I look is you and I know you like it when I dress like this so that's all that matters to me," she smiled her bright, gorgeous smile at George and he leaned down to kiss her, probably a little more passionately than was necessary in such a public place. After they broke apart from their kiss George smiled at his gorgeous girlfriend and reached down and grabbed a hold of Alix's hand as they began walking down the hiking trail. Alix smiled at her boyfriend and leaned up to kiss him on the cheek as they continued hiking. Eventually they hiked down a large hill so they could get closer to the river that ran alongside the hiking trail. Alix quickly hurried down the hill and walked closer to the river. Since there had not been any rain in quite a while there were several rocks visible in the river and Alix took a few tentative steps before finding some larger rocks so that she could walk all the way out into the river.
She looked back at the trail and saw George still standing beside the river, "Come on babe join me out here!"
George grinned at his girlfriend before a random guy walked up to him and said, "Dude is that really your girlfriend?"
George looked over at the guy and took him for a moment before saying, "Yeah she's my girlfriend," with proud confidence.
"Damn dude you are so lucky to have such a hot girlfriend," the guy said in response.
"Thanks man. Well I'm going to join my hot girlfriend out on the rocks," George responded with a grin as he followed Alix out onto the rocks in the river. When he finally reached the rock where Alix was waiting for him he leaned down and kissed her.
"What was that guy saying to you?" Alix curiously asked him.
George just chuckled to himself and said, "He was just complimenting me on having such a hot girlfriend."
"Oh really now," Alix said with a naughty look in her eyes as she looked down at herself as if she was assessing the way she looked, "well he's not wrong on that account." She then leaned up to passionately kiss George as he wrapped his arms around her. He then let one of his hands sneak down and squeeze one of her butt cheeks.
"What are you doing babe? Everyone can see us," Alix protested but George could tell she was only half serious.
"Let them look. They can all just be jealous of how much we love each other and how affectionate we are," George said as he broke apart from the kiss briefly.
"Well before everyone keeps staring and glaring at us why don't we continue our hike," Alix said with a smile.
"You're probably right babe. Let's enjoy this great weather and not worry about what anyone else thinks," George said as he reached down to hold Alix's hand before they started hopping over some more rocks through the water. Eventually they ran out of rocks to hop across in the river and made their way back to the shoreline where they met up with the rest of the trail. They continued to make their way down the trail before they reached a very steep part of the trail. George climbed up the steep hill before reaching his hand down to help Alix up. She grabbed his hand and he pulled her up the hill so they could stand on the higher ground. They paused for a moment to admire the view.
"Wow would you look at that," George comment, "We definitely picked the right day to go for a hike."
"You're absolutely right babe. I love going hiking and enjoying this fantastic weather with you," Alix said as she stood up on her tiptoes and kissed George on the cheek.
"You know this view is getting me a little bit randy," Alix whispered into George's ear. George immediately felt is face to go a bit red at Alix's suggestive comment.
"What you expect me to just bend you over and fuck your right here on the trail?" George asked jokingly toward his girl.
"I didn't say that. I just said I was getting a little turned on. Though that might be a fun idea," Alix said with a wicked grin as she continued walking down the trail past George. George took a moment to glance at his girlfriend's ass in her tight little shorts as she walked past him. He continued to watch Alix as she continued down the trail for a moment before he quickly tried to catch up to her.
"Wait! Are you saying you're a little turned on right now?" George curiously asked his girlfriend.
Alix batted her big blue eyes at George and simply said, "Maybe or maybe not." She then smiled mischievously at him before she continued hiking along the trail. She then turned back around and smiled at George before turning back around and pulling her shorts down to show George her tight little butt. George stood there for a moment with his mouth agape as he couldn't believe that Alix had just flashed her butt at him on a public trail.
He quickly ran up to catch her and said, "Oh my gosh I can't believe you just did that! What if someone had seen you?"
Alix just giggled at his discomfort and said, "Oh please we're to the part of the trail where hardly anyone is around and are you really going to tell me you aren't the least bit turned on by the idea of fucking me in the woods? Cause the bulge in your shorts tells a different story." George quickly looked down and realized he did have a somewhat prominent bulge in his shorts. He reached down and adjusted his cock in his shorts, which elicited a very excited giggle from Alix.
"Come on George let's just go up the trail a little farther and have some real fun," she said as she grabbed his hand and stared up at him with those big beautiful blue eyes of hers.
"You are so bad," George said as he squeezed Alix's hand and leaned down to lightly kiss her lips. Alix kissed him back before pulling back and grabbing his hand to pull him down the trail. They continued walking down the trail hand in hand until they reached a much more secluded spot on the trail. Alix then let go of George's hand and walked a bit off of the trail and leaned against a tree shaking her butt at George in her little shorts. She then reached down and pulled her shorts and panties down around her knees as she leaned forward and showed him her bare vagina, which was clearly already damp with desire. George couldn't believe what Alix was doing. As he continued to watch her she reached down and started stroking her wet pussy as she turned her head back and smiled at George.
"Are you just going to stand there and watch me get myself off or are you going to help me out with that hard cock of yours," Alix said with a gleeful smile as she continued to stare down at the impressive tent that had formed in his running shorts.
"Damn you are one bad girl," George said as he walked up behind her. He wrapped his arms around Alix's very tight, fit stomach before slowly bringing his hand down until it reached the wet center between her legs. George slipped one of his fingers into Alix's tight, wet pussy, which elicited a loud pleasurable moan from her. He then leaned down and kissed his way along Alix's neck and pressed his hard cock into Alix's tight little ass. Alix grinded her butt back against George's stiff erection where it was still trapped in his running shorts as he continued to finger her.
"Oh yeah George finger me good. Oh my pussy is so wet for you George. It wants to feel your big cock," Alix moaned as she continued to grind her butt against his crotch. She loved feeling how hard George was for her and the fact that it felt like his shorts were about to rip from his hard cock stretching them so much. She had to admit that she loved how well endowed her boyfriend was and loved telling him so.
"Come on George give me that big hard cock of yours. My pussy is hungry for your big, thick meat," Alix moaned in George's ear.
"Oh you'll get my big cock baby but first I think you might need to be punished for being so naughty," George said as he forced his finger deep inside of her pussy while pushing his hard cock firmly against her ass.
"Oh yeah baby how are you going to punish me for being so naughty?" Alix breathlessly moaned in his ear.
"Like this you bad girl..." George said as he let the word hang for a moment before he brought his hand down giving her ass a nice firm smack. She moaned loudly and George could tell that she liked it because he felt her pussy grip down on his penetrating finger. He then slipped a second finger inside of Alix's tight pussy before he spanked her ass firmly again, which caused her to moan again and her pussy to get even tighter on his two fingers. George continued to spank and finger Alix until she couldn't take it any more and came very hard on his fingers. Her legs started shaking and she started to loose her balance and George had to wrap one of his arms around her waist so she wouldn't fall all the way over. George continued to hold onto Alix's body as her legs continued to shake from her very powerful orgasm. Eventually she was able to get her body under control and catch her breath.
"Holy shit! Wow! That felt so good, but now I think I need to take care of that hard thing poking me in the ass," Alix said as she turned around to face George with a wicked grin on her face. She then sunk down to her knees using her shorts to cover her knees so the wouldn't be straight on the rough pine straw. George reached inside his shorts and began untying the string in the waistband; however before he could pull them down Alix reached up and removed his hands from the waistband. She then pulled his shorts down until George's thick cock bounced free. She grabbed it in her small hand and gently stroked up and down the shaft thinking how much she loved how well hung her boyfriend was before she took the head of his cock in her mouth and started sucking him. George had to admit this was one of his favorite things about Alix as she gave absolutely amazing head. Due to his thickness she couldn't quite swallow his whole cock but she more than made up for that with all of her other skills. Like right now she was sucking on the fat head of his cock while she used one hand to stroke his shaft and reached her other hand underneath to pick up and cup his large testicles.
"Oh fuck yeah! Damn Alix you are so good at that," George moaned as he reached down and ran his fingers through her long wavy, blonde hair. George was really enjoying Alix's blowjob but after all the teasing she had done to him earlier he was getting close a little earlier than he would have liked, and while he always enjoyed shooting his loads in his girlfriend's mouth right now he wanted to give her a good fucking so he reached down and pulled her mouth off of his cock.
She looked up at him with a slightly disappointed look before he smiled at her and said, "Get back on that tree baby." Alix quickly got up and went back over to lean against the tree but not before she kicked her shorts and panties all the way down one leg so that they were just hanging off of one of her ankles. George took a moment to admire the beautiful figure that was his girlfriend leaning against a tree in the middle of the woods with her legs spread showing off her naked and very wet pussy.
"Come on babe! Don't make me wait anymore! I need your cock in my right now," Alix whined to her boyfriend as she turned her head around and stuck out her bottom lip in a pouting expression. George just smiled and figured he had made her wait long enough so he walked up behind her. He rubbed his cock against her ass crack for a moment before slapping the thick shaft on each of her firm but cheeks. He then positioned his cock at the entrance of her pussy and slid it in in one firm thrust as Alix moaned loudly from the penetration.
"Oh yesss George! Oh you feel so good!" Alix moaned as George started fucking her firmly. George then reached up and pushed her sports bra up so he could get at her big tits. He cupped and squeezed her large breasts in each of his big hands and made sure to rub her stiff nipples against the palms of his hands.
"Yeah George grab those tits. Oh gosh I love the way your big balls are slapping against my clit. Fuck it feels so damn good. Oh yessss donnn't stopppp!" Alix moaned as she reached out to grab the tree harder to keep herself upright as her legs started shaking from a very powerful orgasm. George stopped his thrusting for a moment, leaving his cock buried inside of her, as he held onto her to make sure she didn't fall over from how much her legs were shaking.
Once Alix's legs stopped shaking a bit George leaned down and whispered in her ear, "Are you okay babe? Are you ready for more cause I'm about to cum."
Alix leaned back and kissed George lightly before saying, "Do it babe. I want to feel you cumming inside of me." That was all the encouragement that George needed as he started fucking Alix again knowing that it wouldn't take him very long to cum. He finally reached the point of no return and shoved his cock deep inside of Alix and unloaded inside of her. He was surprised to feel how much he was cumming, but clearly her teasing had gotten to him. Feeling George shooting inside of her also set off again and she came around George's thick cock. George let go of Alix's nice tits and reached down to hold onto her hips as he continued to hold himself deep inside of her as he finished his orgasm. Finally he could feel that he was done and pulled his shrinking cock out of her well-fucked pussy and stumbled backward trying to keep his footing so he didn't trip over his shorts.
Once George pulled out of her Alix just fell forward against the tree and held onto it for a bit until she felt confident enough to stand on just her still shaking legs. Eventually she felt like her legs had regained enough feeling to turn around and look at George. He had pulled his running shorts back up and was just sitting on a rock by the edge of the trail. She pulled her underwear and shorts back up and then adjusted her large tits back into her sports bra before she walked over to him and sat down on his lap.
She then leaned in and kissed him passionately but gently. Once they broke apart from the kiss George looked her in the eyes and said, "Well where the hell did that come from?" Alix couldn't even help herself as she threw her head back and laughed loudly before George eventually joined her laughing as well.
"Man I didn't know I was dating such an exhibitionist firecracker, but that was fun," he said as he looked at Alix while still laughing slightly.
"Yeah I don't know where that came from either. I just got this overwhelming urge to fuck you on the trail and I can't lie that was lots of fun and I can't remember ever cumming that hard before. I still can't quite keep my legs from shaking. You might have to carry me back to the car cause I'm not sure if my legs are going to carry me back there," Alix said still laughing before wrapping her arms around George again and holding herself close to him.
They stayed sitting there for a bit before George finally said, "Well I guess we do need to head back to the car soon so we should probably make are way back that direction." He then stood up and helped Alix to her feet.
He then turned around and crouched slightly in front of Alix, which caused a confused look from her before she said, "What are you doing?"
"Well you said your legs still weren't quite working and that I might need to carry you, so go ahead and hop on," George responded as he continued to wait for Alix. She quickly laughed at his suggestion before hopping onto his back and wrapping her legs around his waist and her arms around his broad shoulders. George then lifted her up so he could give her a good piggyback and started heading back down the trail so they could get back to the car and head home.