The author gratefully acknowledges all the feedback, comments and suggestions that so many readers sent following Chapter 01. In particular, Jon, who immediately after reading it, cheerfully offered his attractive wife, and added ideas to certain parts of the story.
*
Late at night, Penny would enjoy making love slowly, she staring into her husband's eyes, her legs wrapped over his body, he staring into hers and wondering in silence where she had been all day. Or she would turn doggie style, encouraging him to slap her butt, feeling guilty and dirty about it regardless that she had been fingering women's asses all day and had fingers and many other objects inserted deep into her love caverns.
Penny had no choice but to come clean with her husband very early on. She was out working very hard every day of the week, sometimes into the evening. She was in unusually high spirits all the time, obviously very satisfied with her professional accomplishments. Her demeanor was cheerful; her appearance, always immaculate.
In addition, there was the issue of her growing wardrobe. She and her husband had to set aside an entire room, under due lock and key, to accommodate Penny's professional attire. Even though her business card read simply "Professional Model", in fact Penny was a woman's whore, modeling a vast array of extremely seductive (much of it made-to-order) intimate apparel as a prelude to seducing another woman or being seduced by other women. The wardrobe started with satin, cotton, silk, and fine linen, and in time grew to include leather, vinyl, fishnet, and all other textures and colors that a woman might want to see modeled.
That same room was eventually changed around to accommodate shelves of erotic toys, each and everyone designed with the woman's pleasure in mind. There was the usual assortment of double-dildos for mutual penetration, magic wands and Ben Wa balls, strap-on sets to accommodate a variety of dildos, nipple and pussy clamps, and many more items, some custom-fitted especially for Penny. She had to be selective, deciding in the morning before heading out to her rounds which pieces of lingerie and which toys she would need for the day.
Then there was the issue of money. Penny worked very hard. She was compensated lavishly for her talents as a model and her skills as a woman's whore, and even after taking off expenses and Betsy's exorbitant 80% "management" fee ("the pimp's cut" as she referred to behind Betsy's back) Penny was still coming home with substantial amounts of small-denomination bills. Simply put, Penny was bringing in more cash every week than she and her husband had made combined before Penny had fallen under Betsy's iron grip.
Penny had asked Betsy if it was acceptable to accept checks instead or even credit cards. Betsy was adamant. Penny was a woman's whore and whores got paid in small bills. All-cash payments added to Penny's humiliation.
Every evening Penny would stop by Betsy's office. It was serious, all work, no nonsense. Penny would hand over all the cash to Betsy, who would count it, record it in the ledger book, and give Penny her 20% after expenses. Betsy would then give Penny her assignments and rounds for the following day. Each entry was on a separate sheet of paper, each in a sealed envelope. Every assignment's sheet included the customer's first name, picture, past history, fetishes and wishes, and the fee that the customer had agreed in advance to pay Penny for her modeling and sexual services. And since the customers were told in advance that "as a service, no tips are allowed" Penny would have to account for every penny (pun on her name and profession) of her sexual activity. While Betsy noted the accounting, Penny would have to sit at another computer and log in what she had done with each customer that day, in great detail, how the customer had reacted, and possible suggestions for the next session in case the customer called back. That way, Betsy could run an extremely tight ship with Penny, making sure that each customer was satisfied, that each customer would become a repeat customer seeking additional thrills, and that each customer would spread by word of mouth Penny's prowess as a woman's whore.
Young women, mature women, slim women and more robust girls, would-be brides on the eve of their wedding night, lonely lesbians and frustrated wives all clamored for Penny's sexual services. In short, Betsy had a thriving business going!
(Betsy even managed to get her gynecologist to put Penny on the Pill in such a way that her hormones triggered her menstrual cycle to occur on weekends so as to not detract from her earning capacity.)
After exactly 365 days (one full year, to the day) Betsy told Penny to prepare for her first anniversary party. Penny's husband, who had once asked early on meekly for "permission to watch my wife at work" and had been verbally blasted by Betsy, was first on the guest list. Penny was pleased to see that her more oft-repeated clientele was invited to the party, plus a handful of other women's names she did not recognize. Next to each name was the entry "and husband", except of course lovely Amanda, who did not have a husband and thus her entry read "and girl-friend."
Needless to say, Penny's husband did not sleep a full night from the day he received the invitation. And Betsy had told Penny not to give him any sexual relief in the meantime, so he was practically jumping out of his skin in eagerness to see his wife modeling for and seducing other women!
As instructed, Penny's husband drove himself and his wife to the party, slowing down as they approached so that Penny could take off all her clothes. They had been asked to arrive 30 minutes after the guests and that Penny should be stark naked from the moment she stepped off the car, walked up the garden path, and into the house so that all the guests and their husbands could see her nudity in its entirety as she approach from afar.
Penny was delighted to see her customers!
It may sound a bit feeble, but over the past year Penny had formed bonds of genuine friendship with most of the women for whom she had modeled and had sex with. The women too were happy to see her again, to introduce them to their respective husbands as "my friend who has brought me so much pleasure", "the whore that services me as you never could", or "this is Penny, that I have told you about". Penny was perfect, greeting every woman with a kiss, shaking every husband's hand, blushing as she accepted compliments, and being a charming woman's whore. Penny's husband was of course the center of attraction, that lucky man to have such a sexually skillful woman for a wife. Men joked with him and women chatted happily with him while Penny made her rounds.
THE SPLENDID ENORMITY OF PENNY'S BREASTSwas what most conversations focused upon.
Men stared in frank admiration at them.
Women handled and fondled them eagerly. Some were outright jealous of Penny's breasts. Others walked over and stood next to her, imagining whattheywould look like with breasts like that. So many women had already played with and among Penny's huge breasts that they knew them like the palms of their hands, and yet even so, this evening Penny's breasts seemed to grow even bigger, rounder, firmer, heavier and fuller.
Janet, in her soft voice, even suggested they take bets as to how many hands would it take to completely cover Penny's enormous breasts!
Penny laughed all along, going along gamily with each suggestion, accepting praises here and there, offering her very sensitive nipples to be touched and squeezed by all men and women. Every so often, Penny would wince and smile: a finger here and there would slip into her soaked pussy or her lovely ass, feeling so good inside.
Deep down inside Penny thought to herself, "If being a woman's whore for an entire year has been a marvelous experience, nothing can compare to the thrill of being exposed and handled by so many couples all at once!"
At some point when so many hands were upon her breasts, Penny noticed that each woman had a number written in blue marker on the palm of her right hand, and each man also had a number in the same place. She asked Betsy about it discretely of course so as to not interrupt the men and women who were playing with her body and huge breasts.
Betsy smiled and explained, "Every woman has a unique number. A man who isnother husband has the same number. When the time comes, the two numbers will be paired. That guarantees that each man will be fucking another man's wife. Penny darling, you know that a man will perform sexually much better if he is not fucking his own wife. He will really try to impress her, to out-do himself, to fuck her unlike any other way he fucks his wife. And sweet Penny, you know that every woman yearns to be pleasured properly by a man who is not her husband, to be taken like she deserves to be taken as a woman, not like her husband takes her. And finally, think of the thrill each man will get seeing his wife fucked by another man!"
Janet in her soft voice added, "And of course we know that a wife is a lot more enthusiastic, a lot more appealing and very inviting when she is fucking a man other than her husband. She sheds her inhibitions and loosens up completely. A wife who after the boring routine of marital intercourse and the drudgery of home sex may come to "feel it is disgusting to be kissed down there [pointing between her legs]" will think nothing of immediately going directly anal the very first time with a total stranger. That is just the way women are."
Betsy laughed, "Yes, and you would be the prime example, wouldn't you, Janet?"
Janet blushed softly and lowered her eyes as she glanced at Penny.
Penny laughed and kissed Betsy, holding hands like teen-age lovers. Betsy was so smart, so clever and so creative! Betsy kissed Penny with a full-mouthed kiss, her slim figure almost swallowed up into the vast enormity of Penny's breasts. All the other women pitched in to handle and fondle Penny, quivering with desire, laughing with pleasure and happiness. Penny reached over to the left and right, feeling into the first pairs of trousers she touched, holding two hard cocks in her hands. All the men were just as ready as she!
Betsy turned to Penny's husband, "I think it's time we take you upstairs."
He protested, "Why? This is starting to get fun."
Betsy gripped his arm firmly with her very taut muscular hands, "Because she is going to start fucking any time soon, and needs her privacy."
He could not believe he was being told to get out, "What do you mean 'needs her privacy'? She is going fuck and be fucked in broad daylight, in front of everyone, to be gang-raped by a bunch of lesbians and fuck all the men in sight, and you say she 'needs her privacy'?"
Betsy was too strong for him. Edith came over to help and together they took him out of the living room, practically dragging him kicking and screaming up the stairs.
Penny was slightly embarrassed. Here was her shining moment, an orgiastic feast in her honor, and her husband was protesting. Sweet Amanda read her thoughts and immediately came over to her rescue. "Penny, men are always so childish and immature, don't you think?"
Penny laughed. Everyone joined her merriment. Sweet Amanda was always right, she always knew what to say, how to say it, and when to say it. Penny kissed her and tweaked her nipples. Amanda giggled. The ice was broken. One of the women changed the music, replacing the mood music with a selection that had a very strong, deep, marked beat. All was well now. Penny smiled. All hands were upon her soon thereafter, taking up where they had left off fondling her body.
Her only concern was that Betsy and Edith seemed to be taking a long time coming back downstairs. Penny sincerely hoped that her husband was not making a scene or a nuisance of himself. A short while later the two women came back downstairs. "It took us a while to tame him, but were are all set now."
Betsy flicked a switch and three large wide-screen plasma TV's turned on along three walls of the living room, high above. It was easy to see what the scenes were. Penny's husband had been stripped naked. He had been seated on a very comfortable high chair, legs tied down wide apart, arms also tied down. Six high-resolution cameras were focused and trained on his genitals. Crisp, colorful images of his erect penis from different directions were showing on the TV's above. His cock as seen from the left and the right, from the top and the bottom, and head-on could be admired in sharp resolution. And the cameras had been focused so that only his cock and testicles filled the screens. All the guests applauded at Betsy's imagination and Edith's electronic wizardry.
Penny admired her husband, always so virile and so masculine, now showing off his cock, that same cock that filled Penny so often. There was one thing that caught her eye. It looked like something, a small white knob, seemed to be attached to either side of his testicles and wires running out from them. She looked at Betsy.
Betsy laughed, "Penny, Edith got these tiny, extremely powerful speakers and glued them to his testicles. They are playing the beat of the music we are hearing, but playing it deep into his testicles. It is like the music is churning his balls, acting like a very deep, intense, non-contact vibrator. That stimulates the production of sperm, forcing it to produce more and more, building it up inside him. And see how his cock is almost throbbing to the beat?"
The other women and men looked closely and sure enough, Penny's husband's testicles and cock seemed to be throbbing as dancing to the music!
Tanya panicked and blurted out, "What if he shoots his load accidentally?" Tanya was always so childish and naïve in her sexual questions.
Betsy laughed, "Don't worry, we stuck a tube in his mouth to give him a steady stream of water to keep him hydrated and dissolved a few pills for erectile dysfunction. That will keep him rock-hard all night, no matter what, no matter how many ejaculations premature or involuntary he may have!"
The women laughed and applauded.
Edith added one last thing. "Just as we all can see his cock and testicles, we also have cameras and microphones in this room. He too has plasma TV's upstairs, so he can see and hear whatever we are doing down here. Except that Betsy can turn off the feed if she does not want him to see something in particular that someone is doing with Penny."
Penny almost had an orgasm on the spot!
Everyone could see her husband's cock and testicles.
Everyone, men and women, would be fucking soon.
Penny was going to be the center of sexual activity.
And it was going to be all to celebrate her first year as a woman's whore!
Betsy looked at Penny, "Ready, darling?'
Penny swallowed hard, laughed cheerfully, and agreed, "Yes, Betsy, ready when you are."
Betsy looked around the room and simply said, "You may begin."
Men and women moved around the room, matching palm numbers to find their partners, laughing and kissing happily when the match was made. Penny would come over to each couple, undress the woman first and kiss her while her mate watched. Penny would then undress the male, taking hold of his erection firmly in her hands to feel its size and hardness, and taking it to her mouth to suck it once before wishing it a happy fuck. Penny did this with every single couple: some had to patiently bide their time until Penny could come over to them. And overhead, Edith was controlling the cameras so that Penny's husband would see on his on plasma TV's as his wife undressed each woman, as she sucked each man's cock.
Couples were kissing and fondling each other all over the place. Some were eagerly into oral sex. Others had already started vaginal intercourse. For these couples, Penny would lie next to them, gently sucking on the woman's breasts (or clit, if exposed), fingering them if possible. Penny had fucked every single one of these women many times before, but the sensation of doing it to a woman as a man who was not her husband fucking her had Penny on the very verge of many orgasms!
Penny looked around and spotted Annie fucking Jon for the very first time, their respective spouses off making love with other friends somewhere else. Penny approached them and motioned Annie to lie on her side, Jon to spoon behind her and continue fucking Annie while fondling her breasts. Penny lay next to Annie, placing her head between Annie's legs, 69 so that Annie could also eat Penny at the same time. But here Penny had a huge advantage. Over the course of the year, Annie had often hired Penny's professional sexual services. Penny knew EXACTLY what turned Annie on, what got her so very close to an orgasm, how to get her to back off, and how to turn her back on to drive her again and again to the brink of a massive orgasm.
And that Penny did, with perfection and skill, as Jon fucked Annie really hard and deep, Penny driving Annie wild with desire and denied ecstasy. Knowing that Annie was getting harder and harder to control, Penny grabbed Jon's huge cock and balls in hands. A massive flick of Penny's tongue and Annie started to climax. Penny forced Jon's as well. She let him have one, huge burst of ejaculate in Annie's pussy. Penny shoved Jon's cock out of Annie and took it in her mouth, taking on huge gobs of his ejaculate, but not swallowing. Annie was screaming with fury. Her very own orgasm had been cut short abruptly. Penny had stopped lashing at her clit with her tongue the moment of her climax. Penny had shoved Jon's cock out and was sucking it almost dry. Annie was a raging fury, screaming for her just climax.
And when her mouth was a full as it could get, Penny shoved Jon's cock back into Annie's pussy to let her have whatever was left in him.
Penny, mouth full with Jon's ejaculate, walked over to where Jon's wife was fucking another man. Penny put her mouth to Jon's wife's and kissed her passionately tonguing her deep all the way almost to her tonsils.
Needless to say, throughout the kiss, Penny was also passing through to Jon's wife Jon's ejaculate.
Jon's wife had an immediate orgasm!
The taste of her husband's ejaculate, so clear and so intimately well known to her, being passed on to her through the mouth of another woman while a total stranger fucked her over and over again was irresistibly orgasmic!
No wonder Penny was such a loved companion, such a highly rewarded woman's whore, a woman who had the imagination, tenderness, affection, and presence of mind to give any and every woman exactly what was needed for just the perfect orgasm!
At one point, while Penny was alternately servicing two cocks in her mouth while the two respective women were eating her clit, Penny looked up and saw on the plasma TV's that her husband was ejaculating. Not much, just a dribble, a constant dribble of an involuntary ejaculation. And yet, his cock remained rock-hard and erect. Betsy was really good at this! She knew what she was doing! Penny resumed with enthusiasm. She worked her way around the living room, servicing each couple, two or three at times.
Did Penny have an orgasm?
The answer is a question whose answer is just as obvious, "Do traffic cops get tickets?'
(No, theygivethem.)
Betsy felt it was time to fuck Penny. All men were given erectile dysfunction pills to get them ready again. Penny went around the room, picking cocks based strictly on size: length and girth.
And here is where Edith got really creative with her electronic wizardry.
The feed into Penny's husband's TV was that of Penny taking that cock in her hands, feeling it and pumping it, sucking it and getting to know it intimately. But the instant that the cock approached Penny's vagina or ass (depending on Penny's mood), the feed would go blank. Penny knew that her husband would not see her being actually penetrated and ravished by another man: all he would get would be his and her sounds of passion, hearing the throes of their sexuality.
Man after man fucked Penny with reckless abandon. His partner would often take part, she sucking on Penny's huge nipples, she playing with Penny's clit, parting her labia, stimulating Penny as only another woman knows how to do. Penny was dripping with ejaculate from countless men!
And then came Penny's moment of glory. She had picked three men for last. She called them her Three Stallions of Victory. Each had a really huge cock, the pride and joy of his respective wife and delight of the other woman who had been his lover this evening.
The first man lay on the floor, his huge erection throbbing. Edith zoomed the camera in so that Penny's husband could see it clearly. Penny asked Betsy for permission, and upon getting the nod, straddled that huge cock. Slowly, very slowly and patiently, Penny lowered herself. Two men were assisting Penny as she lowered herself. Two women were parting Penny's labia and holding the cock, guiding it. At the last moment, a surprise move and his cock pushed against Penny's ass. She gasped slightly and the men let her fall for a very deep and complete anal penetration.
The two other Stallions of Victory approached. Penny sucked each one, one last time lovingly. Hands at her sides, the other women helped Penny get comfortable.
Betsy paused and then slowly, carefully, with utmost precision took each of Penny's huge nipples in her taut, slender fingers. Slowly, Betsy increased the pressure, squeezing tighter and tighter, until Penny indicated that her threshold of pain had been reached. Betsy squeezed just a tiny bit more, showing who was in control. Penny smiled. She was ready.
Slowly, patiently, the other two Stallions of Victory approached Penny's aching, soaked, and wildly dilated pussy.
The feed into the cameras on the TV's in Penny's husband's room were turned off. Everyone else watched in total admiration what Penny did next.
One Stallion of Victory was already throbbing deep into her ass.
Penny took on the other two Stallions of Victory into her vagina at the same time!
Yes!
Penny had one huge cock up her ass andTWOhuge cocks up her pussy, all three at the same time!
Yes, she did!
Penny was moaning in joy.
No, she was not faking it.
Yes, Penny was having an orgasm!
No, she was not alone!
The Three Stallions of Victory were pumping her and having their orgasms as well!
No, they were not alone either!
Other women were having spontaneous orgasms as well.
Yes, men were also masturbating and splashing Penny's body from head to toe with their ejaculate!
What a night this was!!!
The TV's overhead showed that Penny's husband, who could not see a thing of what was going on downstairs, but could hear everything, could what his wife was doing and he too ejaculated over and over again, into thin air, vividly captured on TV for all downstairs to admire.
Ah, yes, what a night this was!
Much later, all were drained, over-orgasm-ed, tired and exhausted. Penny was helped off, and carried over to the large sofa, laid down smothered in smiles, and given refreshments. Her body was soaked in that delicious aroma of perspiration and multiple ejaculates. The splendid enormity of Penny's breasts seemed to fill the room. With each deep breath Penny would take, her huge breasts would rise and fall heavily. She looked magnificent, her laughter matching the impressive size and movement of her chest.
Her husband was brought down, beaming with pride at the superb performance his wife had put on. No wonder she made so much money all year as a woman's whore! Penny, his wife, was a magnificent lover – and not just for women, either!
He sat next to her. They looked so happy, so much in love, like a honeymoon couple the morning after. Both were sexually spent, and yet their eyes glowed as they looked into each other's. Her huge breasts bobbed up and down; his cock remained rock-hard thanks to the massive dosages of pills he had been fed.
Men and women, all of whom by now Penny had eaten and fucked stood or sat around, honored to be part of such a major event. A few married couples managed to reunite, but overall most were happy with someone else's spouse.
Betsy made an announcement, "This evening we celebrate Penny's first full year as our whore. (Applause) She has worked very hard to pleasure each and every woman here and countless more. (Applause) She has pleasured your husbands tonight as well. (Applause) And Amanda and your girlfriend, too! (Laughter) But tonight is Penny's last as our whore. (Dismay)"
Betsy took out a sheet of accounting ledger paper. "This is Penny's account. In it I have recorded every entry, every source and every use of funds. Penny has gotten 20%. The expenses have been recorded. The balance of the 80% I have invested for Penny in a very high-yield account. It has grown tremendously. Penny sweetheart, here it is, every penny (laughter) of it accounted for properly. Penny darling, here is a check for you. It is your money. You earned it. With the sweat of your brow, with the wetness of your pussy, you have earned it."
Holding the check up high, the friends gasped and applauded. When Betsy handed Penny the check, she almost fainted. She had never seen a check for so much money, much less made out in her name. She tried to stand to kiss Betsy, but her legs were too wobbly and fell back down on the sofa. Her husband had tears of gratitude and admiration streaming down his cheeks.
Betsy smiled, "Penny, you will retire after tonight. With all that money, you and your husband will never need to work again a day in your lives!"
All the guests cheered; all agreed that Penny had more than deserved it for all the hard work she had put in as their whore, for all the pleasure she had given to so many women, for all the pain and humiliation and degradation she had endured that another woman may climax at will, fulfilling any fetish she may have harbored awaiting someone like Penny to turn it into reality.
Betsy motioned for silence. Turning to Penny's husband, "You too have endured a lot. You have encouraged your lovely wife to a life of loose sexuality, to coming home every night reeking of perfume and pussy, to working long hours and late nights. As a reward, tonight you may have any woman you wish. All the women here this evening part their legs wide and raise them high for you. Take the one you wish." Her hand waved across the entire room, offering Penny's husband his choice. He surveyed the scene: young women, mature women, tall women, short women, chatty women, shy women, red-heads, brunettes, and blondes, all were available, ready and willingly nude before him.
Penny's husband, eyes filled with emotion, voice trembling with joy, called out loud and clear for all to hear, "Tonight I want to have the Queen herself!"
Betsy walked slowly towards him.
The other women followed in step right behind her.
And all the men formed a circle around them.
Betsy stared deep into his eyes and bowed deeply, "Sir, may I present the Queen."
She offered Penny's hand to him, "Your Majesty, your charming Prince requests your hand."
He turned to face her.
The look of a couple passionately and forever in love flashed across their faces as they stared at one another and smiled.
Men and women present broke into a spontaneous cheer of joy!
And with that, Penny and her husband consummated their renewed vows, making love intensely and tenderly, totally oblivious to all the eyes that were feasting on their supreme orgasm together.
The irony was not lost on a few of the guests. Penny, who had been the Woman's Whore of the Year, was the only one actually fucking her very own husband that evening. It was all so marvelous, so magical!
A long year had come to an end. Men and women left, each with someone else's spouse for the night. Only Penny and her husband remained. Only they and Betsy, who offered the happy couple her master bedroom, adjourning to the guest bedroom with Amanda and her girlfriend.
Could we say, then, that Penny and her husband lived happily ever after?
Not really.
A woman as erotically skillful and talented, as promiscuous and as sexually active as Penny, could not stay in retirement for long.
But that, dearest reader, just might become the topic of Chapter 3...