Dear Reader,
Lately, I've been really into the idea of having multiple partners at once. I suspect being in lockdown for over a year is part of the reason for this. In order to alleviate some sexual frustration, I wrote this story. The point of view in this story switches between Elle and James. I try to make this clear by writing the character's name at the top of each new section. This story also has a secondary theme of exhibition and voyeurism.
Your comments, good or critical, are appreciated. Feel free to email me if you have questions or longer comments. I enjoy connecting with people in this community.
-------------
Elle
James rolled off me, leaned over to give me one more kiss, and asked, "What's gotten into you, Elle? That sex was amazing."
Yeah, I wasn't sure how I was supposed to tell my boyfriend of almost three years that I really loved him, but had this deep down fantasy of doing more than one guy at once while he watched. And every time I thought about it while we were having sex, it really got me going.
"Nothing, it was just really good sex."
"That's what you said the last time we had sex."
"It was really good sex then too."
"Nope, there's something else. What aren't you telling me?" James asked as he began to kiss my neck. "Don't hold out on me, Elle. What's going on in that head of yours?"
I closed my mouth tightly, my lips forming a thin line. James and I had a good thing. Telling him I wanted anonymous cock, like a whole bunch of anonymous cock, probably wouldn't go well.
James leaned back and stared at me. "You really aren't going to tell me?"
"I don't want to hurt you."
"Did you do something that will upset me?"
"No, nothing like that."
"Then just tell me. We can talk about whatever is on your mind."
"Are you sure?"
"Please. It's hurting me more that you won't tell me."
I take a breath, then another, and another after that. "Please don't be mad at me when I tell you this."
"Elle, I love you and I trust you. Please just tell me."
"I want you to watch," I start lamely.
"Watch? Watch what?"
"I have this recurring fantasy about you watching me."
"You mean with another man?"
I study James's face for any sign of anger, but don't see the reaction I expected. His face seems open, relaxed. It looks like there is even a slight smirk spilling over his lips.
"Something like that."
"Elle, please don't be so evasive. Just tell me."
"I have a fantasy that you watch me have sex with three or four men I don't even know." I wait for James to say something and when he doesn't, I say, "And then we kick the men out and have wild sex."
I continue to stare at James waiting for any kind of reaction. He rolls onto his back and stares up at the ceiling. James says nothing for a solid minute. I knew I shouldn't have said anything. He's so pissed he can't even look at or speak to me.
When James finally does speak, he says quietly, "That's really hot, Elle."
It was my turn to be quiet, straight up speechless. I stare at him for several seconds. Finding my voice again, I say, "You really like the idea?"
"It really does turn me on. Are you serious about doing this?"
"Well, you play a major role in this fantasy so..."I let my voice trail off, not sure how to finish.
"So if I agreed, you would go through with this fantasy?"
"I don't know, James." I hadn't expected him to be so open to the idea, and now every "what if" scenario was popping into my head.
"What don't you know?"
"What if the guys are total assholes? What if one of them has some disease? What if I can't find a group of guys willing to be naked with hard-ons in the same room together?"
"Elle, slow down, we're just talking."
"I know. I just didn't expect you to like my fantasy so much that you ask me how serious I am about it."
"Let me think about your fantasy for a bit. But in the meantime, you've gotten me hard all over again."
I look down at James's cock and see it's at full attention.
James
I grab Elle and pull her on top of me. We start making out. My hands grip her back, sliding up and down. I was so turned on by her fantasy that I wanted to devour my girlfriend. Never had I given thought to Elle with another man, or men, in this case. But the more I thought about it, the more I liked the idea.
Rolling over so Elle's tight body is under mine, I ask, "Where do we find these men?" I kiss her neck waiting for a response.
"Some hotel bar in another town."
"Yeah," I say kissing between her breasts and down her flat stomach, "and how do you pick them up?"
"I'm dressed in a short skirt and low slung top. I'm not wearing any panties." Elle drags out the word panties as my tongue flicks over her clit.
"Keep talking, Elle. What happens next?" Elle squirms a bit as I insert one finger into her pussy.
"I picture this group of businessmen sitting at a table close to us." Elle stops speaking and groans as my lips close around her clit. She's absolutely gushing as she tells me this fantasy.
"Don't stop now. The story is just getting good."
Elle sucks in her breath and resumes. "You bump your phone onto the floor and ask me to pick it up. When I bend over, the businessmen get a clear view under my skirt. You just smile at them, even lift up my skirt a little more."
I move back up Elle's body, lift her legs, and slide my cock into her very wet pussy. "Yeah, then what happens?" Elle's arms wrap around my back, pulling me tight to her body."
"They approach our table. You invite them to sit down and make sure I am in the middle of them. Their hands start to roam over my legs, up my skirt. You all just keep drinking, talking, acting like there is nothing going on under the table, while I struggle to maintain my composure. Finally, you invite them all up to the room."
I pick up my pace, pumping into my girlfriend. She's moaning now, her fantasy making her euphoric.
"Do you take on more than one man?" I ask.
"Yeah, one in the mouth, one in the pussy, and jacking another with my hand."
Becoming too lost in the moment to speak, I move my hand down between Elle's legs and begin rubbing her clit. I feel her squeeze around my cock as her adorable O face falls into place. Elle's body goes rigid, her nails digging into my back, and she lets out a groan. I followed her to O-ville just a few seconds later.
Elle
Never, not even in my wildest dreams, did I think James would like my fantasy as much as he did. I look at my phone and see it's well past midnight. James was sound asleep next to me, but I couldn't sleep. My stomach fluttered with excitement at possibly doing this and then twisted in worry about everything that could go wrong.
James rolls over, his arm wrapping around me. I move a little closer to him, enjoying his body heat and how safe I feel next to him. I relax and finally fall asleep.
James
The next morning all I could think about is Elle's fantasy. At lunch, I left my desk to go sit in my car. Pulling my phone out, I type in "Craigslist Personals Alternatives". Finding a few alternatives, I set up an account on two of them. Not wanting to tell Elle right away in case she got her hopes up and it all fell through, I paid for accounts using my business's credit card. Carla, my secretary, was definitely going to raise her eyebrows at those two charges. Hey, benefits of owning my own business.
***
It took a little effort, but I finally found three men who were interested and didn't make me feel like they were serial killers. I asked all the men to meet for drinks just to feel them out. Each of them agreed, and we met at a bar in a neighboring town.
***
"James?"
"Hi there. Yes, I'm James. Nice to meet you." I respond, extending my hand.
"Hey, I'm Matt. It's nice to meet you too."
Matt is a tall slender man with dirty blond hair. He strikes me as a runner.
"Let me get you a drink," I say and call over the waitress.
Matt orders a beer and just as it arrives, I notice another man approaching the table. He looks as if he's around 5'10" or so with a shaved head and a goatee. He clearly lifts weights and has well built arms and shoulders.
Approaching the table with confidence, he asks, "Is one of you James?"
"Yes, that's me."
He extends his hand and says, "I'm Ian."
"Nice to meet you. This is Matt," I say pointing to the tall man. Ian nods at the man and takes a seat. He orders a drink from a passing waitress.
Just then, a third man shows up. He's carrying a few extra pounds, but nothing terrible. His hair is brown and he appears just a bit taller than Ian.
"Hey there, hoping there is a James at this table," he says, sounding a bit nervous.
"Yes, that's me. You must be Joel."
"Yes, that's right," Joel nods and extends his hand.
"This is Matt and that's Ian."
Trying to make sure the awkward feeling doesn't weigh down the whole conversation, I get started right away.
"Thanks so much for coming. I'm trying to surprise my girlfriend for our three year anniversary by fulfilling one of her fantasies." I pull out my phone and show the three men pictures of Elle in a bikini. She's an avid cyclist so her legs and ass always look fantastic.
"She's got a great ass," Ian says as he passes the phone to Matt.
"I generally enjoy the view." And then I start to feel uncomfortable. I was discussing my girlfriend's best assets with three men I didn't even know. Relax, I tell myself. This is for Elle. This is what she wants.
"I'm a leg man myself and she's got a nice set," Matt adds as he passes the phone to Joel.
"Your girlfriend is beautiful. When were you thinking about fulfilling her fantasy?" Joel asks as he passes my phone back to me.
"In two weeks. I already have a hotel room reserved."
"I'm in," says Ian.
"Condoms are required, no exceptions," I say.
"Of course," Ian responds.
"I've never done anything like this before, but I'm in too," says Joel.
"Same for me," adds Matt.
I smile at the men, and then talk to them about what their roles would be. By the time we're all ready to leave the bar, we were laughing and joking. I'm feeling so turned on by actually arranging this fantasy that it was going to be hard to keep this secret from Elle.
Elle
"Hey, you're home. That was a late evening."
"Sorry about that. I had a business meeting," James tells me. Then he pulls me into his arms and starts kissing me. Not a quick peck, but the type of kissing that tells me James is ready to see me out of my clothes.
"What's gotten into you?"
"This hot woman filled my head with this really sexy fantasy. I can't stop thinking about it," James responds as he starts tugging off my shirt.
"Oh really. So you want to see this hot woman spread her legs for a group of men?"
"You have no idea, Elle," James responds as he unbuttons my jeans and tugs them down. "It makes me so hot to think about and now I just want to be in you."
I pull James's shirt off. He quickly removes his slacks and boxers. His hands are everywhere. He grabs my ass and squeezes each cheek while sliding his very hard cock against my stomach. His hand slides around my body, lighting rubbing over my clit, and then he inserts one finger into my pussy.
"Yes, faster," I coax.
James pushes me back against the kitchen island and lifts me up. A basket of apples rolls to the floor. He spreads my legs and leans in to lick my folds. His finger enters me again and begins pumping in and out. His tongue swirls around my clit until his lips clamp down and he begins sucking it. In no time, I am cumming all over James's face.
Without giving me a minute to recover, James pulls me off the kitchen island and turns me around. He pulls my ass outward and in one swift thrust, his cock enters me.
James leans forward and says into my ear, "You have no idea how turned on I've been for a few weeks now. I just kept picturing you with men we don't even know driving their cocks into your pussy and mouth. It's so fucking hot."
Holy shit, James was every bit into my fantasy as I was. He thrust his cock into me furiously as he gripped my hips hard. His breath was falling heavily on my back.
"Play with your clit. Come for me again."
I reach my hand between my legs and begin circling my finger around my clit. Picking up the speed, I feel my orgasm build.
"That's it. Squeeze me."
I rub even quicker now until I feel my orgasm explode outward. I let out a moan, enjoying the feel of a second orgasm in less than five minutes.
With a grunt, James tightens his hands on my hips, and releases into me. His upper body leans forward and he pushes me closer to the island countertop. James holds me this way for a minute as we both catch our breath.
"Damn, Elle. Feel free to share any new fantasy you have with me."
I laugh but say nothing. I'm left wondering who is actually more turned on by my fantasy.
While I used paper towels and the kitchen sink to wash up a bit, James tells me, "I got a us a fancy hotel room for our three year anniversary."
Looking up, I arch my eyebrows in question. "You don't say. Should I be suspicious?"
"Suspicious of me wanting to celebrate three years with a woman I love? I hope not," he responds with a smile he thought made him look innocent.
"Hmm, I feel like there is something you aren't telling me."
"It's late, Elle, let's go to bed," James says.
James is up to something, but I decide to keep quiet about it. I had an idea of what he was up to, but I knew he wouldn't share any details with me. My pussy got a little wet just thinking about what he was arranging.
James
I knew mentioning the fancy hotel room partially gave away the surprise. I also knew Elle had been nervous about a few parts of the fantasy. Obviously, I wasn't going to force her to do anything she didn't want to do. Hopefully, hinting at my plan would give her time to think about it and get really turned on by actually going through with her fantasy.
One thing I did know for sure, I was about to have amazing sex for the next two weeks. Then, hopefully, I'd get to hear and watch Elle as other men sent her to O-ville several times during the evening. Despite just having sex with Elle, I could feel my cock perk up a bit at these ideas. Who knew fulfilling my girlfriend's fantasy would cause me to feel like a teenager again?
Elle
I knew James was working to fulfill my fantasy. Based on the number of times we had had sex in the past week,I could tell he was more than a little excited by the idea. I was excited too, but still so nervous. I just kept reminding myself how much James loved me. It's not every man who would allow his girlfriend have sex with multiple men in one evening while he watched.
I work at home as a technical writer which gives me a bit more flexibility in my time. I decided I was going to find the right kind of outfit to wear. In my mind, I had always pictured a short skirt and low slung top with no panties or bra. After checking out a few pictures on the internet, I decided that gave off too much of a college girl vibe. Nothing against coeds, just not the look I was going for.
I finally decided on a blue, short cut dress. It had working buttons up the front and I knew I could undo a few. After ordering my dress, I started to look at thongs. I know I had always pictured no panties, but I just felt too nervous about that. I picked out the skimpiest thong I could find. It was sheer and black.The thong definitely did not leave a lot to the imagination. My dress was loose fitting so I decided no bra was needed. I knew my blue dress would go perfectly with a pair of lace up sandals I had. My outfit felt complete.
***
The package with my clothing arrived two days later while, in the late afternoon. I was thankful James was still at work so I could try on my new dress without him seeing it. I ran upstairs to our bedroom and tore into the package. I held the dress up to me and decided it was sexy, but classy enough to not be thrown out of the hotel bar.
Trying the dress on, I messed with the buttons. At two buttons, there was a bit of cleavage, and at three buttons open, some side boob was present. Four buttons down meant I might as well go topless. I'd start with two and maybe work my way up to three.
While facing the full length mirror, I turned around and grabbed my ankles. The skirt just barely covered my girly bits. Turning around, I bent over again, and realized with two buttons open, there was a full view of my breasts when I bent over. That could be fun, I thought.
Sliding off my panties, I again bent over to examine my back side. With a little swish of my ass, my pussy definitely gave a peekaboo performance. Maybe I could go without my thong? I turned around and moved to sit on the corner of the bed where I could still see myself in the mirror. Spreading my legs, I checked if any wandering eye could see up my dress. Hiking my dress up a bit, my pussy was again in peekaboo mode. Thinking about sitting in the hotel bar with strangers' hands sliding up my legs, I hike my dress up so it is almost completely around my waist. The whole activity is getting me so wet.
Sliding back to my side of the bed, I open the drawer to my bedside table and pull out my vibrator. James would no doubt want to have sex again when he got home, but I couldn't wait until then. Spreading my legs, I turn on my virbrator and rub it up and down my folds. Soon, I get a good rhythm going and am so close to coming.
"Hello," coos James.
"Holy shit!" I shout and my vibrator goes flying to my side.
"Hey, it's just me. Relax," James soothes as he pulls off his shirt.
"You scared me to death."
"Sorry about that. Let me make it up to you," James says as he kicks off his shoes and pulls his slacks and boxers off. His cock bounces upward, already hard and ready to go. He crawls on the bed and leans over to kiss me hard. Then he grabs my hips, pulls me downward and immediately enters me.
There is nothing soft or sensual about this sex. James drives into me, hard, over and over again. I'm moaning and writhing, loving how hard he is doing me. As my hand grips the bedspread, my still buzzing vibrator slides towards it. I grasp the vibrator and slide it right over my clit. That's all it took for me to explode in pleasure. James cums almost immediately after me.
"Damn, a man could get used to that," smiles James. "What's got you all hot and bothered? Not that I'm complaining."
"Yeah, this hot guy I know is promising me a good time in just a few days."
James kisses me again and then pulls himself out and off of me. "Good to know you are looking forward to our anniversary."
"Quite a bit."
James stands up and slides his boxers back on. He looks at me again and asks, "New dress?"
"Yeah, I got it for Friday night. You like it?"
"It's kind of hard not to when it's hiked up around your waist like that."
Using a tissue to stem the flow a bit, I get up and make my way to the bathroom to freshen up. Taking the dress off, I decided it could probably do with a trip to the wash machine.
James follows me into the bathroom holding the plastic package containing my thong. "What's this?"
"A thong. I was debating wearing it Friday night too."
"Versus wearing what?"
"Nothing at all."
"I'm kind of hoping you're leaning toward nothing under that new dress of yours."
"Guess you'll just have to wait and see."
James
Finding Elle going to town her pussy the other day was so damn hot. I was also thankful I implied to Elle that I was working to fulfill her fantasy. That dress and her obvious excitement told me she was still on board.
Without telling Elle, I took a half day off of work. I checked into our hotel room, put water and wine in the fridge, and set out a bouquet of roses. I made sure the AC was on, but not turned on so cool that Elle would never want to get naked. Finally, I put two boxes of condoms in the night stand drawer.
I set up a group chat with Ian, Matt, and Joel to double check with them.
Me: Hey guys - we still good?
Ian: I'll be there. Been thinking about this for two weeks now.
Matt: Definitely be there. Can't wait.
Joel: I'm in.
To Joel's response, I thought, In more ways than one, buddy.
I make the half hour drive back to our home, where I find Elle primping. She's wearing the dress, which definitely brings back some good memories. I was tempted to frame the thing after this evening. On my way to the bathroom, I casually lift Elle's dress in the back. I am greeted by a beautiful sight - her bare ass.
"Knock it off, James."
"Hey, just wanted the first view of the evening."
"Shit, I am so nervous."
"Hey, Elle, just relax for me. You know I would never make you do anything you don't want to do."
"I know, but are you going to tell me about any of the plans you've made?"
"Where's the fun in that?" I ask as I smack her ass and then head to take a shower.
Elle
While James gets ready, I force myself to eat a sandwich. I knew I would need a glass of wine or three to calm my nerves down, but I didn't want to be shitfaced. Hopefully, the sandwich would help a bit.
James comes down carrying both of our overnight bags.
"Are you ready for an adventure?" he asks.
"Just take me to the hotel and get me a drink."
James sets the bags down and approaches me. He lightly grasps the side of my face and kisses me tenderly. "I love you. You look fucking amazing, and I can't wait to spend this night with you."
I hug James, allowing his arms around me to hold me tight. He was right, this was going to be an adventure...in bed.
James
We arrive at the hotel and I take Elle right up to our room. She loves the roses and appreciates the hot tub right in the room. She seems to try to be building herself up for the evening.
"Hey Elle, do me a favor, pull the strap of your sandal out of the metal buckle. Just leave it that way."
Elle raises her eyebrows, but turns, bends over at the waist, wiggles her ass, giving me a quick tantalizing view, and pulls her strap from the buckle. The metal pin is still secured in the punch hole so her sandal doesn't fall off her foot. More than anything, I want to hold her in that position and push my cock into her. Instead, I adjust my cock and take my girlfriend's hand.
"Come on, let me get you that drink."
Elle follows me out the door, down the hall, and on to the elevator. She grips my hand tightly and snuggles close to me. I kiss the side of her neck and wrap my arm around her. Walking through the hotel lobby, I lead Elle to the bar off to the side.
The bar is somewhat full. Most people are sitting at the bar watching the basketball game. I found a table where I could watch the entrance, but we were mostly away from other people. There was an open table close to us, which was perfect for the three men to sit down at.
"I'll get you a glass of wine, Elle. Just wait here."
As I approach the bar, my phone buzzes.
Ian: 10 min out. Will be there soon
Matt: Same
Joel: 15 min out. Traffic
My gut flips with excitement and my heart rate speeds up. I work on calming myself down. I may have hinted to Elle that I was going to help her fulfill her fantasy, but I didn't want to give too much away. She did ask for the men to be strangers. Taking the final few steps to the bar, I order the drinks and quickly make my way back to Elle.
"Here you go, hun."
"Thanks, James." Elle takes a sip of her wine, and asks, "What's the plan? Are we just going to sit here awhile?"
"I am just enjoying the company of the woman I've been with for the past three years while having a drink."
Elle rolls her eyes and gives a quick laugh. She takes a much bigger drink of wine. Soon, I have to get her another glass. This time, I brought a glass of water back too. I didn't want my girlfriend too drunk to stand. That struck me as less than sexy.
I take a drink of my scotch and watch as Ian walks through the entrance. He makes brief eye contact with me and then heads to the bar to get a drink. Quickly, he finds a seat at the table next to our table. Whipping out his phone, he does a good job at playing casual.
Shortly after Ian, Matt's tall frame walks through the entrance. He waves at Ian, orders a drink, and sits at the table. The two men discuss the basketball game on television and generally carry on like they've known each other for years. It takes another five minutes before Joel walks through the entrance. Matt waves him over and both Ian and Matt greet Joel like he is also a good friend.
I guess it was show time.
"Hey, Elle, I think you need to fix your strap on your sandal."
Elle takes a big gulp of her wine and stands up.
Elle
My fantasy was beginning. Those three men who came in and sat down next to our table, they were here to fulfill my fantasy. Shit, I was nervous. Taking a breath, I turn around and bend over at the waist. I pretend to fiddle with my sandal like it is a serious struggle to put the strap back into the buckle. My ass shakes and I know my pussy is doing a peekaboo performance.
"Damn, honey, those are some fine legs," says the tall man with dirty blond hair.
I stand up quickly and pretend to be embarrassed. "Sorry, I guess I should watch where I'm aiming my backside."
"Nonsense," says the well built, bald man. "We don't mind the view at all."
The man with brown hair speaks up next, "Just go ahead and fix that sandal of yours."
"Well, if you don't mind."
They all give me a smile that verges on a tad lecherous, which only turns me on more. Turning around again, I go back to fiddling with my sandal.
James's hand lands on my ass. "I'm glad you guys like the view so much," he says in a completely friendly tone that implies he has not a care in the world that his girlfriend's girly bits are being flashed to complete strangers. He slides the dress up just a bit, and the cool air on my pussy lets me know that my pussy is no longer playing peekaboo.
"You have one fine woman there..." the bald headed man trails off, implying he's waiting for James to introduce himself. He stands up and behind me, not quite touching my ass, and extends his hand.
"Hey there, I'm James. And this is my very lovely girlfriend, Elle."
"I'm Ian, and I must say it's very nice to meet you both." He rests his hand on my partially covered ass.
Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit. Some stranger has his hand on my ass, and I'm...dripping, like they're going to see my wetness rolling down my inner thighs any minute now.
The tall man stands up, and says, "Hey there, I'm Matt. It's great to meet both of you." He rests his hand on my other ass cheek and slides my dress up a bit more.
Finally, the last man stands up. He stands at my side, and reaches his hand over my back to introduce himself.
"Joel, and I must say, your girlfriend is beautiful." With that, he hikes the dress completely up and around my waist and slides his hand up and down my ass cheek, and then between my legs. I jump at the intrusion and then feel another gush of wetness.
"Why don't you join us for a drink," James invites the men to our table. Joel pulls my skirt all the way down and helps me stand up right. After a bit of a blood rush, I find myself seated between both Ian and Matt. Joel sits across from me with a smile on his face. James hands me my glass of wine and I take a huge drink. I am completely beyond the art of sipping gracefully out of a wine glass at this point.
"So what brings you here?" Ian asks, as he slides his hand down and then up my legs. I feel him inching my dress up.
"Elle and I are celebrating three years together," James says with pride.
"That's great," Matt nods and puts his hand on my other leg and slides it upwards.
Ian begins lightly sliding his hand over my lips. Despite my nerves, I open my legs a bit further. Matt picks my leg up and pulls it over to rest on top of his lap. Ian does the same.
Joel leans across the table, and says, "Don't mind me being so forward. You just look a bit warm. Let me help." Quickly he undoes the third button of my dress.
Matt looks down and says, "Can't complain about that view."
"Lean forward a bit, Matt. Block the others' view of the lady," Ian instructs.
Matt's lanky form leans forward and my view to the bar is mostly blocked off. Ian reaches up and undoes the fourth and last button of my dress. He pulls open the top a bit revealing both of my breasts.
"No bra," Joel nods appreciatively. "That view is spectacular."
"Joel, switch spots with me. Under her dress is even more fun." Ian slides my leg to the floor and gets up so Joel can have his spot.
When Joel sits down, Matt says, "Pull her leg on to your lap. It really gives you easy access."
At that point, if any of the men had really focused on my clit, I would have cum, loudly. My wetness was undoubtedly getting the seat wet. Images in my head of these strangers plunging their cock into me made me visibly shiver.
James remained silent. His eyes were focused solely on me and they burned with lust.
Joel's hands had replaced Matt's and slid up and down my folds. I picked up my wine glass and downed the last of it in one gulp.
"I don't mean to be so forward," Ian said, as he leaned across the table, and redid the fourth button on my dress, "but it seems your girlfriend could use a little attention, maybe in your hotel room."
"I think you might be right. What do you say, Elle, should we invite these nice men up for a visit to our room?"
I nod and take a drink of water. Matt and Joel slide my legs back to the floor and help me stand up.
We walk out to the lobby, and I say, "Just give me a minute," as I slip into the lobby bathroom. I might have been completely turned on, but my bladder was also on bust mode. Completing my business quickly, I come out to wash my hands. Staring at myself in the mirror, I can tell I am a bit buzzed. My long brown hair is a little out of sorts. I use a damp paper towel, and clean up the mascara that was already starting to racoon around my brown eyes.
Taking a deep breath, I say, "This is it," and walk towards the door.
James
"Damn, man, your girlfriend is fine," Matt says, again.
"She was so damn wet too," adds Ian.
"I hope she likes someone playing with her breasts. They are gorgeous," Joel says.
I generally try to never objectify Elle, but hearing these men talk about Elle that way was proving to be an exception to my own rule. I was so ready to witness them pleasure my girlfriend. My cock pushed obscenely at my pants, and there was very little I could do to hide it.
Elle steps out of the bathroom and smiles. She comes to my side, and I wrap my arm around her. The three men head toward the elevator, giving me a bit of privacy with my girlfriend.
"Hey, you still feeling okay with this?"
"More than okay," she nods enthusiastically.
"Just know that I love you and just the thought of what you are about to do has my cock trying to bust out of my pants."
"Then we better go get it some relief," Elle says, giving me a coquettish smile.
We walk toward the elevator. I hold on to Elle tightly. Looking down at her, I can't help but notice that I can see most of her breasts down her dress. The urge to grab and squeeze them as we step on to the elevator with the three men was hard to resist.
"Fifth floor," I direct Ian.
Before I know it, we're walking into our hotel room.
Ian takes Elle's hand and pulls her towards him. "Hope you don't mind, but I am going to avoid any awkward moment and just kiss you." He pulls Elle's body to him and kisses her deeply. She responds enthusiastically.
Quickly, I shut the door and make my way across the room. I sit in the rolly office chair in the back corner of the room so I can get a good view of the entire room. My hard cock is protesting its confinement, but I keep it in my pants for a bit longer. What was the protocol about who pulled their cock out first? That thought caused me to stifle a nervous laugh.
Joel is now kissing Elle while unbuttoning her dress. He leans down and grips both of Elle's breasts. Her nipples become hard little nubs. Joel takes each nipple into his mouth, leaving them shiny and wet. Elle's face is blissful as she enjoys the attention.
Matt steps behind Elle, and reaches for the hem of her dress. I watch him murmur something into her ear, and Elle nods in agreement. He then pulls Elle's dress completely off her, leaving her standing naked, save the pair of sandals, in the middle of three men. Matt kisses her neck as he wraps his arms around her.
"Bring her to the bed," Ian directs as he pulls off his shirt and slides down his jeans. His underwear tent out in a way that draws Elle's attention. She grabs his cock and slides her hands over it.
Matt and Joel walk Elle backwards towards the bed. Once she's seated, she pulls Ian's underwear down and draws his cock into her mouth.
Ian groans, "Fuck, baby, that is good." Elle picks up the pace sucking Ian's thick cock in her mouth. Her lips stretch tightly around it.
Matt and Joel strip as they watch the show. Seeing how I was the only man without his cock out, I decided now was a good time to release my dick before it broke itself. Unzipping my pants and tugging them down over my ass, I begin stroking my cock, just lightly, not wanting to cum too soon.
"Slide up on the bed, hun, and spread your legs," Matt coaxes Elle. Once Elle has done this, Matt falls between her legs and begins licking Elle's pussy. Elle's head is turned and she still sucks Ian's cock. Joel kneels beside her face. He grabs one of Elle's hands and brings it to his cock. She began jacking him. He continues groping her breasts.
I rolled the chair closer and at a better angle so I can see everything happening to Elle's body. I watch as Matt slips his fingers into her pussy. He begins pumping them in and out while using his thumb on her clit. Elle's body tightens, and arches, and she lets out a long, muffled moan as she has her first orgasm of the evening.
Ian pulls his cock out her mouth, giving her a minute to catch her breath. Joel inches closer to Elle's mouth, and she turns to take his much longer and thinner cock into his mouth. She reaches with her hand and begins jacking Ian's cock. Matt leans back for a moment and just watches, clearly enjoying the show as much as I am.
Elle
I was in heaven, cock filled heaven, and loving every moment of it. After stretching my lips around Ian's fat cock, I switched to Joel's thinner cock and felt it tap the back of my throat. I kept jacking Ian off.
Matt inches up my body a bit, and I hear him say, "Hey baby, I am going to spread these legs of yours and bury my cock in your sweet pussy. Is that okay with you?"
I nod and give a muffled reply of agreement.
To the side of me, I hear James's voice. I catch the word condoms and that's about it. Matt slides off the bed and opens a drawer by the bedside table. There is a crinkly noise of a foil packet. My pussy continues to gush in anticipation of a stranger's cock burying itself in me.
Matt appears in front of me. I stop sucking Joel's cock so I can watch him slide a condom over his cock. He kneels on the bed, his cock bobbing proudly between his legs. Joel and Ian back up a bit to give Matt and me space.
"Hey baby, I am going to fuck you hard. I want you screaming. You okay with that?"
I nod and lick my lips in anticipation. Matt moves forward on his knees, grabs my legs and wraps them around his torso. "I love these legs of yours and I want to feel them wrapped around me when I fuck you."
Matt grabs my hips and enters me fully.
"Fuck, that's good," I yell out.
Matt pumps in and out of me hard, without mercy. My breasts bounce on my chest and my toes are curling. I'm loving every minute of it.
"Flip her over," Ian says, "do her doggie so we can fuck her mouth."
Matt pulls out of me and I quickly find myself flipped over on my hands and knees.
"Open up pretty girl," Ian directs as he sticks his cock at the entrance of my mouth.
I open wide and relax my jaw. Matt thrusts into my pussy, pushing me forward onto Ian's cock. I let Matt's momentum drive me back and forth on Ian's cock. In the corner of my eye, I can see Joel kneeling on the bed and slowly stroking his cock. Pulling my mouth off of Ian's cock, I grab Joel's cock and pull him into my mouth, I take turns sucking both men while Matt drills into me.
Matt reaches between my legs and begins rubbing my clit. I moan and writhe as my overly sensitive clit builds back up to an orgasm. Almost without warning, I cum again, my pussy squeezing around Matt's cock as I half scream and half moan around Ian's cock. Soon afterward, I hear Matt grunt and grip my hips hard. After a few seconds he pulls out of me and lays back on the bed.
"Mind if I go next?" Joel asked. His manners, given the situation, make me want to laugh.
"Go for it, man," Ian agrees.
I hear Joel grab a condom out the box and then watch him slide it on. He walks behind me, kneels on the bed, and plunges himself inside me. I give another muffled moan as Joel pumps away furiously.
Ian grabs my breasts and tugs my nipples hard. It's a pleasure pain that is pushing me to the edge again.
"Rub her clit. Get her off again," Ian tells Joel.
I feel Joel's finger on my clit and he circles around it, lazy like, teasing me. I moan more in frustration than pleasure. Using my ass, I push against Joel, trying to get him to pick up the pace.
"She's impatient," Ian chuckles.
Joel picks up the pace and begins rubbing my clit a little more quickly. He pumps into me faster, seemingly losing his own self control. I can feel the orgasm on the tip of my clit, just waiting to unleash itself. Joel rubs a bit harder and I am pushed over the edge. Ian pulls his cock out of my mouth so I can give a proper moan.
Joel pumps into me furiously. I feel a drop of his sweat hit my back as he moves in and out. Resting my mouth, I stroke Ian's cock.
"Come on baby," I coo, "Cum for me." That was apparently all the encouragement Joel needed.
With a groan ripped deep from the back of his throat, he cums.
Pulling out of me, Joel stands up. He heads towards the bathroom. I notice Matt is sitting on the couch with his boxers on, enjoying the show. Turning to my left, I see James sitting nearby in the office chair. His cock is hard and he is lightly stroking. I feel so completely in love with him at that moment.
"Hey baby, how about we turn you around so that boyfriend of yours gets a good show," suggests Ian.
James
If there was anything hotter than what I was witnessing now, I don't know what it was. Elle taking multiple cocks while moaning in orgasm nearly sent me over the edge more than once. I wanted to hold on to my orgasm, save it for Elle, while I held her tight to me.
Ian helps Elle turn around on the bed so I can see her face. She looks at me and smiles. I stare back at her, loving how beautiful she looks at this moment. Ian reaches over and grabs a condom from the box on the bedside table. Quickly, he slides the condom on and then grips Elle's hips.
"Ready, baby?"
Elle nods.
Using his hand, Ian slowly guides his cock into my girlfriend. I watched Elle's face as brow furrowed. I knew she wasn't used to taking a cock that thick. Once Ian pushes all the way in, he holds himself still for a few seconds.
"Baby, I want to fuck you hard. You okay with that?"
Elle groans out, "Yes!"
That was all Ian needed to hear. He pulled out of her and slammed back into Elle. Her breasts jiggled with every thrust Ian made into my girlfriend.
"Rub your clit for me," Ian says between heavy breaths.
Elle's arm slides under her and her fingers feel for her clit. She begins rubbing furiously to match Ian's pace.
"That's it, squeeze me," Ian says in a strangled voice.
I watch Elle's body go rigid, and I know she's close. Before she hits her tipping point, Ian cums with a loud groan. Elle falls right over the edge after him and then collapses forward on the bed.
Standing up, I pull up my pants, but don't zip them. I walk over and sit on the bed next to Elle. Ian is just getting up and heading to the bathroom.
Leaning over her prone body, I whisper into her ear, "I love you so much. That was so fucking hot. Let me clear these men out and I will be back to take care of you."
She nods, her eyes closed, and she breathes deeply.
I stand up, and find the men in various states of getting dressed. "Guys, this was fun. Thanks for agreeing to this."
"Pleasure was all ours," says Joel with a smile. He walks over and gives Elle a kiss on her cheek. I hear him murmur thank you to her.
"I'll be off now. If you and Elle ever decide to do this again, I already volunteer," Joel says with a smile. He quickly leaves.
Matt, who had been almost as much of a voyeur as I had been, stands up and says, "Thanks, I had a great time. See ya later, Elle."
Elle gives a half hearted wave from the bed, but doesn't look up. Matt leaves quickly, shutting the door quietly behind him.
Ian looks at me and says, "This was hot. Count me in any time." He walks to the door and leaves quickly.
Elle
I hear Ian leave but still don't move. My body hums pleasantly from my multiple orgasms. Emotionally, I feel a bit raw. That was the most intense sexual experience of my life.
In the bathroom, I hear James start the water to fill the hot tub. He comes out of the bathroom naked and sits down on the bed next to me.
"How are you feeling, Elle?"
"Like I've been plowed through with three dicks."
"Did you have fun."
"Yes, so much fun, but now I just need to be held by you."
James nods and kisses my cheek. "Let me check on the bath and then I'll come help you."
I sigh, loving the care James is providing me.
James returns with a cold bottle of water. "Sit up, Elle, and drink some water."
I gratefully accept the water and drink most of it down immediately. James helps me stand up and we walk to the bathroom.
Slowly I dip myself into the tub. James has added bubbles to the tub, despite a sign clearly asking customers not to do this. He sits down next to me and pulls me into his lap. He just holds me.
"You didn't get off," I say.
"I was saving it for you, but don't want to push you."
I turn around and straddle James. I kiss him passionately. "Thank you. This was an amazing gift. I love you so much and feel so loved."
"Elle, I love you too, more than anything. But if you keep straddling like this, my cock is going to have a mind of its own."
"It's okay," I say, kissing him again. "I want the orgasm you saved for me." That was all James needed to hear. My pussy accepted the fourth cock of the night, the warm water allowing James to enter me easily. He slowly pumped in and out of me while he kissed me on my lips, my neck, and just generally held me tight.
James held on to his orgasm for so long that it didn't take long before he was gripping my body and releasing into me. He kissed me again and we sat quietly in the tub holding each other.