I'm sitting at my laptop writing this down, still wearing my PVC lingerie with spunk drying in my hair and on my face while my antics are still fresh in my memory.
Hubby issued me a sexual challenge this morning, with no prompt or build up. His challenge was that I was to be the lonely housewife and have a tradesman seduce me, and the challenge must be completed before he returned home from work this evening.
Never one to shirk a challenge I immediately accepted and told him that when he returns home tonight I will have accomplished my sexual mission. When he issued this challenge, just after breakfast it excited me, but as he left for work the excitement increased to outright lust.
The thought of fucking some random tradesman was playing havoc with my libido and those of you who have read my previous antics will be well aware that I prepare meticulously for my lovers.
The correct amount of sexual tension must be achieved along with the sluttiest 'fuck me' lingerie to entice my lover. I had decided that an emergency plumber would be my best bet at getting a tradesman around to my house to fall in line with my plan. The idea was that I would answer the door on his arrival wearing only a black wet look bra less Basque with black fishnet stockings and outrageously high spiked heeled shoes. No panties and definitely no housecoat! My pierced nipples and smooth pussy would be on display for my victim to view and it goes without question that they would be totally available for my victim to do what as he wishes.
A quick shower and a final glide over my armpits, legs, butthole and pussy with my lady shave to ensure no hairs would be present and a perfect silky smooth surface would be displayed. Next I coated my skin with some coconut oil, leaving my soft skin all shiny and smooth. Selecting my lingerie from drawer, I began to strap myself into the waist cinching, figure hugging soft wet look basque. Rolling the seamed fishnet stockings up my legs, I attached the stocking tops to the garter straps dangling from the wet look basque. Placing my size 4 feet into my outrageously high spike heeled shoes I then stood back to look at my reflection in the mirrored wardrobe. The image before me sent shivers down my spine and tingles through my pussy the erotic vision was so sexual. Tousling my blonde hair for that just fucked looked, I decided to add a pair of elbow length satin opera gloves to emphasise my intentions. The look was complete, it shouted loudly "I'm a slut and want to be fucked!"
The next part of the plan was to acquire a local tradesman to seduce and abandon. Neil our photographer was well known to the local tradesman, so I dialled his number and sought his help.
"Hi babe. And what do I owe the pleasure of this phone call to?" Neil drawled with a definite hint of sexual undertone.
"Our sink unit in the kitchen is blocked and it's affected the drains" I fibbed "I need your help in locating an emergency plumber!"
"No problem babe. My next door neighbour Mark is a plumber and was at home when I left earlier. I'll call him and give him your number!" Neil said very efficiently.
"Thanks Honey. I owe you one!" I said with just a trace of giggle.
"I'm sure there is some way we can settle your account!" He added.
"I'd be delighted to settle your account tomorrow if you're available just before lunch for a few hours of hot steamy fucking!" I purred "Obviously with my domestic situation, today is out of the question"
"I shall be there at 11:00 tomorrow to collect payment in kind!" He laughed "I'll give Mark a ring and he should be calling you in a few minutes. You'll like Mark, he's quite muscular with a smooth shaved head, just the way you like them!" He finished then hung up the phone.
This was getting more enjoyable by the minute. If Mark comes round then the thought of seducing a muscular shaven headed blue collar worker was making my pussy fizz with sexual desire.
My mind was off in the realms of sexual fantasy, when my erotic imagination was disturbed by my cell phone ringing.
"Hello" I answered the unknown number.
"Hello is that Suzy? It's Mark the Plumber here. Neil told me you had a problem with your pipes?"
Not missing the obvious innuendo I continued.
"Yes that's correct. I need a man to sort my pipes out desperately!" I retorted in a very husky tone.
"If you give me the address I'll nip round now and give your pipes a good looking at and hopefully sort them to your satisfaction!" he responded dropping innuendos everywhere.
His responses were so sexually charged I was beginning to wonder if Neil had briefed him about my obvious slutness. I gave Mark the address including the post code for his Sat Nav.
"It's ok I'm familiar with the area. I can be there in about 15 minutes subject to traffic!" Mark answered.
"That will be excellent" I replied "Shall I put the kettle on?" I enquired.
"As it's my day off today Suzy I think I may require something a little stronger than tea!" Mark laughed.
"Well I'm sure I'll think of something to whet your appetite!" I replied in my most obvious sexy tone.
"See in you in about 15!" Mark said then hung up his phone.
I was already draped in my tight slut lingerie, with my breasts and shaved pussy on full display. My heart started to beat a little faster with excitement and anticipation at revealing myself in this manner and making it blatantly obvious that I was available to be used sexually. When Mark arrives I would escort him into the kitchen in my state of undress and reveal that plumbing problem had disappeared and I was so sorry for disturbing his day and was there any way I could thank him for his troubles!
In less than ten minutes, a blue transit van pulled up at the bottom of my drive and this absolute adonis climbed out of the cab. Mark was at least 6'-2" with the biggest shoulders and chest I'd ever seen. His shiny dark hair flopped over his forehead, windswept and carefree. His crisp white t-shirt was incredibly tight revealing huge tanned biceps. My pussy was doing somersaults with excitement. It was imperative that I have this perfect specimen inside me. If size is proportionate then his cock must be huge! The greek god walked up my drive with a tool bag in his hand, He was wearing tight leather biker trousers and black leather biker boots. He was looking more and more like a female fantasy with each step he took. Before he reached my door I opened the door slightly and returned to the lounge. Mark tapped on the door and very cheerfully said
"Suzy it's Mark the Plumber"
I tingled with excitement, running my hands over my exposed hard nipples as I responded quite hoarsely
"Just come in Mark and be a love and close the door please!"
Mark entered the hallway and closed the door slowly. Opening my lounge door he took one step inside my lounge and drank in the vision of me decked out in my sexy lingerie with my tits and shaved pussy in full view. His eyes widened with joy as he stared at my almost naked form.
"Sorry for the trouble Mark but my plumbing problem has resolved itself. I feel terrible for getting you out here, is there any way I can repay your kindness?" I smiled stroking the tight waist of my wet look basque.
Mark smiled and brazenly said.
"Dressed like that I'm sure there is a lot of ways you could thank me!" he grinned.
Not only was he stunningly attractive with a body to die for, but he was also just confident enough to make my ovaries dance.
"I was trying this lot on for some bedroom fun with my husband this evening and forgot to remove them with my plumbing problem!" I smiled looking at him with my head slightly tilted.
"Your husband is one lucky man! That is the sexiest lingerie and sexiest body I've ever clamped eyes on!" he smiled, staring at my shaved pussy.
"It is rather a sexy outfit" I responded "It does make me feel very horny indeed!"
"You and me both!" he laughed
I walked over to him and placed my hand on his leather clad bulge. He looked into my eyes and placed his right hand under my chin, lifting my head up to his, he brushed his delicious lips across mine as my tongue slither inside his mouth, entwining with his own tongue.
Breaking free from the kiss he looked at me and said.
"You were just bored and wanted to tease a random guy!" he declared "I hope there's more than teasing on the menu!"
Stroking his massive bulge straining at the black leather, I looked into his eyes and said
"If this cock is as big as it feels, then there will be a lot more than teasing going on!" I smiled
He unzipped his cock as it sprang forward from the leather confines pointing straight at my shaved pussy. My eyes opened wide with surprise. His cock was bigger than any I'd ever seen. I touched it inquisitively, stroking the long hard meaty shaft.
Staring at my small hand working the cock I whispered
"Fucking hell how big is this?" I smiled with my eyes wide open in disbelief.
Mark grinned with indisputable pride and said in his deep voice.
"Fully erect it's just under ten inches and with your permission I'd like to destroy your pussy with it!" he asked knowing full well my state of arousal and curiosity for his huge cock. This cock was absolute perfection.
Holding his huge throbbing cock, my pussy tingled with unbridled excitement.
"Why don't we get you naked!" I grinned stroking his cock delicately "But leave your boots on!"
Mark grinned and pulled his skin-tight t-shirt over his head to reveal a tight muscular torso, huge pecs and a fantastic hairless six pack. Popping the button on his leather trousers, he peeled the tight black leather trousers down to his knees, unveiling his monster cock in all of it's glory.
His body was totally hairless with a dip mediterranean tan. Kicking his boots off, he totally removed his trousers, kicking them across the living room floor to join his t-shirt. Placing his feet back inside his biker boots, he parted his legs slightly, he held his magnificent cock at the base.
There must have a good eight inches of erect man meat jutting beyond his hands.
I was almost drooling at the sight before me of my naked sexual adonis holding his huge cock, standing proudly wearing his biker boots. I walked over to Mark and held his cock, staring into his eyes as I stroked his perfect cock. With my high heels, my shaved pussy was level with his rock hard erection. I moved fractionally closer as his cock slid along my slit, beyond my ass. This thing was fucking huge. James will be delighted when I tell him later about the adonis with the huge cock.
Mark gently kissed me sliding his long tongue inside my mouth as my own slithered around his wet snakelike tongue. Cupping my large breasts, he began to softly stroke my already hard nipples. My head almost exploded when he suddenly twitched his huge cock. My pussylips were nestling on his massive member as the twitching sent electronic sexual charges direct to my pussy. Fucking hell, his gentle tongue kissing, dynamic breast teasing and now his cock twitching at my pussy, the sensation was devastating my libido.
I dropped to my knees, holding his huge cock. Softly kissing and nibbling his vast length, I began to worship his cock. In my mind I'd already decided that this cock would would be visiting again.
Kneeling before him, I began to suck his cock, opening my jaw to get his vast girth inside my mouth. His cock was resting on my tongue as I began to swallow an inch at a time. Several gulps late I had about seven inches deep in my mouth and throat, creating a vacuum on his delicious cock. Mark's moans were music to my ears as his breathing quickened.
"Oh fuck yeah! Suck that cock bitch!" he snarled, making my pussy tingle at his abusive dominant tone.
One huge gulp and I had his full length in my mouth. My eyes were streaming asI tried not to gag with the meaty bulbous cock at the back of my throat. The tip of my tongue was sticking out from my bottom lip as I began to flick it against his shaved balls.
"Oh you fucking dirty slut!" he grinned "No slut has ever taken the full length of my cock before!"
I continued sucking his masterful cock, proud in the fact that I was the first to achieve deep throat with his beautiful specimen of manhood.
James will go apeshit crazy with lust when I tell him about this tonight.
Mark tapped my head gently and whispered dominantly.
"I want to see if you can take my length in that tight shaved pussy!"
I slowly removed his cock from my throat and took two large breaths.
"Not until you've licked and fingered my pussy!" I smiled holding his saliva coated cock.
Standing up, I held his cock and kissed him with the taste of his cock fresh on my lips. Our tongues twirled like two eels making love.
"Let's take this upstairs shall we?" I smiled holding his hard cock and rubbing up and down my shaved slit.
I let go his cock and walked over to the lounge door. Smiling at him I walked slowly up the stairs, swaying my hips with each step. He followed me promptly, placing his hand between my ass cheeks and sliding his finger toward my pussy. His finger slid easily inside my tight wet pussy as a soft moan left my lips.
"Oh fuck that feels good!" I whispered.
"It will feel better when my cock is jammed inside you!" he smiled smugly.
With each step his finger discovered a new area inside my pussy. When I reached the landing, I bent over with my ass in the air and back arched. Turning my head toward him, I smiled and parted my legs. Placing my hands on my ass cheeks, I pressed my fingers into my flesh and separated my cheeks, revealing my pussy and puckered asshole to him.
His finger returned to my pussy as he moved closer to me. I could feel his warm breath, breezing on my aroused pussy, as his finger slid in and out of my tight pussy slowly. He leaned closer and gently kissed my asshole, sliding his tongue around my rim, sending shivers up and down my spine. I love getting my ass tongued and as Mark possessed quite a long tongue the pleasure was definitely intensified.
His long tongue wormed it's way inside my ass, pushing the warm wet flesh deeper into my ass. I found myself pushing my ass toward his probing tongue and rocking my hips gently as Mark tongue fucked my ass.
My moans were getting audibly louder as my impending orgasm arrived.
"Yes! Tongue my ass!" I almost screamed, such was the intensity of my orgasm. Mark did this little trick with his tongue in my ass, where he rippled his tongue like a squirming snake sending me wild with desire.
My knees buckled with the extensive orgasm, almost giving way completely. I fell to my knees and arched my back as Mark continued tonguing my ass.
His index finger slid inside my pussy, until he reached the soft spongy region of my Gspot. His finger applied light pressure to my Gspot then started to move slowly at first and began to build up speed.
The sensations oscillating through my ass and pussy were a whole new ball game to me. I'd never experienced sexual feelings like this in my life, due to Mark's skills with his tongue and index finger. The speed of his finger increased, tantalising my Gspot like never before. I could feel the surge of pent up sexuality burst through my entire being as the most heavenly orgasm I'd ever known flooded through my ass and pussy. A gush of female ejaculation deluged from my pussy, as wave after wave of the most intense orgasm gripped my entire being.
All of this erotic sexual pleasure and I still hadn't felt his huge cock inside me!
I would never find the words to explain to James, the sensations this Adonis of a man was providing me. The only solution would be to film Mark fucking me into oblivion. As the orgasm from heaven began to wane, I felt Mark slowly remove his finger, then slither his tongue one last time around my rim. I turned immediately to kiss him. I could taste my pussy juice and ass on his lips and tongue.
Mark scooped me up in his huge arms and carried me off to the bedroom, like a blushing bride.
He was still wearing his Biker boots as he whispered in my ear.
"Do you want me to fuck you wearing these boots?"
I smiled delectably at him and replied.
"I not only want you to wear them when you fuck me, but I also want to film you wearing them while you fuck me!"
Placing me down on the bed gently, he stood over me in his boots with his huge erection pointing at me.
"Well set your camera up and just so you know I'll want a copy of this also you dirty slut!" he smiled slowly wanking his cock.
I scrambled off the bed and set the tripod up for the video camera. The video camera is linked to the large screen TV in the bedroom, so I clicked the TV remote and magically my Bed appeared on the big screen. Hitting the record button, I walked over to the bed and saw myself on the TV. My Corset looked awesome cinching my waist and pushing my large breasts forward. My stockings added to the slut quality along with my outrageously high heels.
"Would you like me to keep these on while you fuck me?" I said directly into the camera.
Mark smiled saying.
"I insist that the bored cheating slut housewife keep her slut lingerie on while the plumber fucks her!" he said acting the part magnificently.
"Oh my! What will my husband think?" I mocked for the camera.
"He'll think you're a dirty cheating slut who loves cock!" he grinned confidently "And when this cock slides in your married pussy, you're going to come like the filthy cheating slut that you are!"
Mark climbed on the bed beside me, pulling me close to him, he sat on the bed as I straddled his thighs.
His cock was directly on my stomach, pulsing and throbbing, sending me wild with animalistic desire as I kissed him deeply.
Our tongues entwined and I partially opened my mouth so the camera could see our tongues dancing. I raised my body up just enough, to feel his huge cock at my very wet and tight opening.
With one single push his cock slipped between my pussylips and began to stretch my pussy divinely.
My mouth opened and a long lingering moan slipped from my lips.
"Fuckkkkkkkk!" I whispered sensually as inch by inch I lowered my tight pussy over Marks huge cock. In my first attempt I managed to take all ten inches of his prime manhood.
"Fuck me Mark!" I panted ecstatically.
"You fucking love this cock fucking you, don't you!" Mark grinned playing with my tits as I wildly rode his cock.
"Fucking hell it's awesome! It's almost twice the size of my husbands!" I moaned "I've never been so stretched or full of cock!"
"Just wait until it spunks inside your cunt! You'll fucking love it you cheating slut! Your old man will be able to smell me later tonight when he licks your stretched pussy!"
"Fuck this is brilliant!" I panted "You can do anything you want to me!" I continued.
"Me and Neil will come round one day when your husband is out and we'll fuck your pussy and your ass!" He snarled in an alpha male tone.
"Anything you want honey!" I sobbed with desire "You can do anything to me!"
"Once you've come, I'm going to slide this pole up your cheating slut ass!" He growled, pulling my hair and kissing me deeply.
I moaned into his mouth as he kissed me passionately, his cock buried deep in my pussy and his strong manly hands working my large breasts delightfully. I placed my hands on his smooth shaved scalp, holding on as I rode his cock.
Remembered the camera recording our unison and began to really slut things up.
I rode his cock, slowly and deliberately, sliding my hungry shaved pussy along his huge length. My pussy was squelching, so much pussy juice was being generated with this fantastic specimen, stretching my lips and walls, filling my cunt like never before.
"Oh fuck this cock is awesome!" I panted "James could never compete with this! I need to be fucked regularly by this cock. You can do anything want to me!"
Mark began thrusting his cock in time with my sliding pussy. My orgasm was on it's way and it was definitely going to be outrageous.
"You can do anything you want to me!" I repeated in my most subservient tone "I'll wear and do anything you want!" I completed as I turned my head to look directly into the camera. My eyes were half closed with pure lust as I fucked the huge meaty cock. My orgasm began to sweep through me as I continued looking into the camera.
Holding Marks shaved head and thrashing against his cock I panted continuously.
"Fuck me! Give me your cock. Give me your spunk!"
I repeated these words constantly for the duration of my delicious orgasm, knowing full well they would torment James when he watched this recording. As my orgasm began to wane, I slowed down my hip thrusting, returning to a more sedate, slow fucking, as I kissed Mark tenderly.
Mark's hands were roaming around my skin-tight corset and fishnet stockings, sliding up my naked thighs then cupping my firm buttocks.
His index fingers touched his pussy soaked cock, gathering up copious amounts of my orgasmic fluid. His tantalising hands moved slowly between my butt cheeks till both of his index fingers were aligned with my asshole.
His strong fingers gently massaged the natural lubricant in and around my puckered ring. His right hand left my ass and grazed my cheek softly. Stretching his long index finger out from his hands, the fingertip gently stroked my full lips.
My instinct was to lick and suck this finger, mimicking oral sex as I salivated on the masculine digit. He removed his saliva soaked finger and returned it to my asshole, where he slowly pushed the fingertip beyond my sphincter. My asshole snapped on to his finger as he began to delicately slide the digit in and out of my puckered ring.
My pussy was full to brim with his magnificent cock, whilst my ass was oscillating with pleasure at his probing finger.
"Let's see if we can stretch this asshole as much as we've stretched this tight pussy!" He smiled confidently "Hubby won't be touching the sides for a few days!" Mark laughed.
I moaned at the thought of James watching this with a little shock and horror at his hot wife's tight pussy and ass being defiled so wonderfully.
Mark lifted me from his cock like a rag doll. His huge arms moving onto the bed and turning me over onto my knees.
"Spread your cheeks slut! I want the camera to see your asshole this tight for the last time!" he grinned then slapped my right buttock quite hard. The sound of the slap bounced off the walls as did the squeal of delight I involuntarily let it out. Mark knelt between my opened legs as I held my my ass cheeks, spreading them wide for the camera. I could see on the TV screen my shaved just fucked pussy and my saliva coated asshole, displayed for all to see. My hips were rotating such was the strong lust I was experiencing.
I arched my back, snake like, pushing my perfect buttocks high, revealing my asshole to Mark like some subservient slut. Mark held his cock at the base and began to gently tap his whole length on my puckered ring. The weight of his huge cock was quite a shock but also tantalisingly thrilling. He placed his huge cock head at my asshole and I gulped with aroused fear and sexual trepidation at what was about to occur. Mark spat on my puckered ring and my breath left my body with one huge approving moan. Mark's spitting on my ass excited me immensely and I visualised James losing his load watching that back this evening. Mark spat once more, pushing the surplus saliva into my eager ass along with the first two inches of his masterful cock. It's difficult to explain the sensations taking place, as so many sexual feelings and emotions were in full swing. The stretching of my asshole, the stinging of his cock sliding in my ass, the searing heat of his cock as it pulsed and throbbed inside me and the emotional sense of allowing this man to take pleasure from my body as he so wished. He was my sexual master and I was his slut servant. His cock slowly began to slide beyond my sphincter. I could feel my puckered ring being pushed inside my asshole as his cock journeyed onward. I was actually sobbing with sexual delight at my ass being fucked by this adonis. I looked back and saw his biker boots adorning his naked body and orgasmed instantly.
"That's it cheating slut! Take my big cock!" he snarled adding fuel to my insatiable lust "Hubby's cock won't satisfy you for a few days! You'll need the big cocks for a while!" he stated in a dominating tone.
"Oh fuck yeah! I'll need big huge cocks like yours to fuck me now!" I panted for Mark and for the benefit of the camera.
"Me and Neil will come around tomorrow and we'll DP you and you'll fucking love it. Make sure you dress like a slut when we come round!" he ordered with an alpha male dominance.
"Oh please! Both of you fuck all of my holes. I want both of your cocks!" I whispered in orgasmic panting breaths.
He slowly and deliberately slid his cock out of my ass. I could feel my stretched asshole gaping as the cool air soothed my stinging sphincter. He rubbed his large meaty length between my pussylips and slowly fed his anaconda deep into my pussy.
As his cock pushed into my cervix, I came instantly begging Mark to plunder my pussy.
"Fuck me deep Mark. My husbands cock would never get this deep!" I panted animal like, such was the intensity of his glorious fucking.
My pussy was so tight wrapped around his hard cock, almost like a human condom. He pushed as deep as his cock would go, then it happened. His hot fertile manly seed gushed from his cock, blasting the opening to my cervix as spurt after spurt of the most delicious man cream I've ever experienced flooded my pussy. The additional lubricant helped accommodate his huge cock as it greasily slid back and forth against my stretched pussy walls. My orgasm was a fraction behind his as I whispered repeatedly.
"Give me your spunk!" as Mark emptied his huge balls deep inside me.
The overflow of hot spunk was incredible. My pussy squelched as his cock slid in and out bringing vast quantities of his delightful sperm from out of my pussy.
I moved off his cock and knelt before the greatest specimen of manhood I'd ever known. Subserviently I held his semi erect cock and began to lick every slither of pussy juice and thick globules of delicious spunk from his still huge shaft. Even semi erect his cock was much bigger than James.Looking directly into the camera lens, I smiled wickedly then placed Marks cock straight into my mouth.
James was either going to love this or hate it. Either way I wasn't particularly caring as my Pussy and Ass were getting the best cock ever and if I kept sucking like the slut I was, then there was surely going to more hard huge cock fucking me.
Part two to follow