BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP!
The alarm on Heidi Baker's cell revived her, eyelashes fluttering against the morning daylight illuminating through her skylight as well as through thin curtains over her Eastern window. She needed blinds, the curtain was completely sheer and facing the parking lot. Pretty compromising at night with her lights on exposing her. Not that she cared being prone to exhibition. This morning she smiled. Having not dared move an inch even to go pee she felt strong arms holding her firmly against her roommate's chest, every chiseled facet of his body pressed against her backside. Awe crept in at the realization that Zach still had a massive erection, and even in their slumber it still lay deep inside her pussy. Warm, and cozy it was.
"You gonna shut that alarm off?" He mumbled beneath her blond hair masking his face. Blowing strands from his mouth he sighs, body tensing for a stretch. In his groan his cock slipped halfway out during his circulation process. Once done stretching he returned to normal and his dick entered deep all over again. Her mind was racing at even that amazing sensation, his dick thick and nearly nine inches in magnificence.
"FUCK!" She shuddered sealing her eyes in that brief experience, while taking a deep breath, "I can't believe you're still as hard as last night. Am I that...?" She whispers for him to hear.
"ALARM ALREADY."
"Sorry, distracted." She giggles reaching out for her cell and silencing it, "I need to pee Old Timer."
"So pee." He held her closer, his right hand palming her breast.
"Ummm! Kind of held prisoner here Warden."
Rolling on to his back he took Heidi along for the ride, now lying on top of him facing the ceiling. Even in that transition his beast tickled her G-spot, taking her breath away. Patting his forearm she whimpered, "My sheets are already damp."
"Wash them today."
"I work at Vicki's for six hours. I guess I could when I get home. I haven't used the laundry room yet, does it cost much for a load?"
"Speaking of loads." He raises his hips beneath her, his dick tightening up inside her canal. Pure torture on her part, she could feel his beefy crown plunging even deeper.
"Stoooooooppp!" She laughs, "I thought we weren't going there."
"Going where?" He releases his arms around her and plants them beneath his head giving her the freedom to escape if she really wanted to. This would be his true test of her admitted resilience. He knew she liked his cock but the question remained, would she ride him or run? As if trying to look back at him she tilts her head over his shoulder enough for a good peripheral, waiting to see if he was going to reclaim her upper body. With no aggressive moves she peeled upward to sit on his cock, her weight sinking him even deeper. It was then that she herself stretched, arms over her head while yawning. Once relaxed she looks down between her legs at his balls mounded up beneath her pussy, his dick hiding out so deep she could only view scrotum. Patting his bulbous twins then squeezing them made him tense up.
"We need to figure this out Tom. As lovely as this is, I still think we should..."
"Fuck?"
"Not where I was headed..." She shakes her head giggling, "Can we...just take things a tad slower? Roommates Tom..."
"You called me Zach last night in your moaning."
"Don't remind me. It was only a moment of weakness Tom."
"Like your temptation to ride me cowgirl style?" He chuckles.
Falling back she plants her palms on his chest and just its there. "Yeehaw?"
"Only if you really want this."
"I do, but...I don't. Quit messing with my head Tom Hardy."
"You're the one on my head."
"Uggggggggh! You know what I mean. Dammit Codger you're killing me."
"I can feel that pussy trickling over my balls."
"I hate you."
"You're the one who insisted on just being my roommate even if I never officially asked you to. Not complaining, I needed you Dove."
"Need me?" She shivers suddenly, "Oh, to keep a roof over your head."
"You're the roof over Hardy's head right now." He removes his arms and extends them up to grip her shoulders, lightly squeezing them. Tilting her head, her lengthy blond hair caresses his forearms, eyes closing at the temptations he was enacting within her thoughts. "You moved in once."
"I can easily move out."
"Then, back in."
"Out again." She sighs, "DAMMIT TOM!"
Hands once on her shoulders slide in to palm her throat, encircling her entire neck. Her entire body went rigid. The control in his grip made her tremble. She wanted to ride that dick but her refusal rate was battling it. Even with his superiority moment she struggled to come to grips with reality. Just as his index fingers extended from his surrounding grip to lift her chin she whimpers.
"You're going to be late for work."
"Yup." Hands abandon her throat and she lifts away from his chest to sit upright. Rising slowly off of him she felt a sudden inspiration to taunt him one last time, perhaps to taunt herself. Halfway off of his cock she sat back down. The sensation made them both take a deep breath.
"Sorry! Lost my balance there." She laughed, again attempting to rise only to slip back down a second time. "I just can't seem to get enough energy to hop off."
"Keep trying." He chuckles rubbing her back with a single palm, his caress totally enjoyable.
"Here goes nothing." She pulls all the way off up to his crown right at the final retreat then slams down on his thighs. The rapid thrust up into her sent shockwaves through her entire body. "HOLY CRAP!"
"Here, let me help." He yanks her by her hair back down over his chest then rolls them over to lay on top of her.
"This is your idea of helping?" She laughs as he kisses her shoulder before lifting up over her as if doing push ups. Arching her ass with expectation Zach shocks her and pulls out, climbing to his feet as she reacts with, "OH COME ON."
"Already did last night. I gotta piss too." He walks out on her leaving her to roll over with a devious wince. As his muscular butt vanished from sight Heidi jumped to her feet and gave chase. Racing around him just as he reached the bathroom threshold she darts to the toilet and sits down laughing at making him wait. Eying her without waver Zach stands in front of her and grips his dick drawing his erection downward. Realization hit home fast, Zach began urinating into her lap. Awe inspiring her to open her mouth wide she felt his heated urine pelt her belly and thighs.
"WHAT THE FUCK TOM?"
"That's what happens when you get in the way."
For some crazy reason she just let it happen, both peeing at the same time. Never in her life had she imagined this happening, pungent as the odor was she finished peeing first then crawled away to give him the toilet. As she evaded him he turned and pissed on her ass just for meanness. That made her laugh hysterically. "ASSHOLE!" Puckering he aimed for her asshole as if invited, soaking her butt crack. "OH MY GOD! STOP THAT."
She manages to get out of range and he finishes over the toilet like any normal person. While he shook his final drops she starts his shower before grabbing his towel and cleaning up the piss all over herself, then the floor, using her foot to nudge the towel over the tile. He arrogantly moved around her and hopped into the shower shutting the door.
"I'm flushing. Prepare to get a chill." She giggles triggering the exit of the toilet bowl drain. This time the water stayed warm. Leaving the towel crumpled wet on the floor she looks herself over and makes a gross expression, "I can't believe he just did that." The moment in time lost at staring with disbelief she recalled yesterday, when her friend Nastiya fucked Zach in the shower. The screams of pure unrestrained ecstasy made her ponder the risk. Should she jump in there with Zach? She was covered in piss. Just as her decision was made to open the door and enter she found Zach's hand on the top holding it shut.
"Not this time Princess. You can shower when I'm done."
"SERIOUSLY?" She fumed, "I'm wearing your fucking piss."
"Five more minutes."
"UGGGGGGGGGG!" She at least washed her hands at the sink and dried them on her own towel. Looking down at his towel on the floor she angrily plucked it up and tossed it over the shower stall watching it hit him on the shoulder. Taking her towel with her leaving him with no dry towel, she went to the linen shelf and took his only other towel with her upon leaving the bath. Sheer mischief she chuckled. Entering her bedroom she decided to choose her day's outfit and hang it on her doorknob, a cute black polka dot dress with pleated tiers, it's hem to her calf when worn. Heels selected to match she sets everything aside in favor of going to the kitchen and rewashing her hands before making coffee. Something she regretted not doing when selecting her dress. As the coffee pot began filling she stood emotionless thinking, zoning out more the case. What was going on here? They were both playing cat and mouse games.
Hearing the shower shut off she smirked knowing he would have to air dry. Chuckling she opted to make herself a bowl of cereal. Fruit Loops always brightened her mornings. Bathroom door opening she stops mid spoonful to listen to hear if he was upset. Not a peep. Shrugging she ate two more bites before Zach appeared across the counter drying himself off...with her dress.
"All yours."
"Ohhhh! You didn't." She sneers setting her bowl on the stove to react with shock, "I really wanted to look nice today."
"Let it dry and wear it anyway. I'm clean now." He winks with smugness.
"Don't make me take a dump on your bed."
"Let's not go that far. You need a ride to work today?"
"I'll take the bus. Zach?"
"Tom." He chuckles.
"TOM!? Let's not pee on each other again."
"Don't cross my path then." He lays her dress on the counter after drying his balls and dick with it. She shook her head trying not to laugh, as he headed to his bedroom to get dressed. From that point on the two roommates avoided one another. As Zach paused at the front door before leaving he banged his forehead lightly on the threshold with a sigh. Should he apologize? Leaving it go Zach Pedigo went to work. It would weigh heavy on him throughout the day.
Heidi Baker? She showered up and pouted until her dress dried. Smelling the dress she captured his scent and sighed. "Wearing it." She looked gorgeous. No perfume today. Just Zach. He too would weigh heavily on her thoughts.
Nearing lunchtime at the mall...11:15 AM to be precise.
"Do you have these in black leather?"
Heidi Baker follows a masculine voice behind her to its source. Holding up a pair of white panties stood the handsome boy from the Hot Topic ripoff store. Yes, the one with the spikey pink Mohawk. She poises a finger to her chin with a pondering look, "I think we just got some in. They have little silver spikes on them, definitely don't wanna wear them inside out. Oh, they might come in crotch less too. Are they for your cute little drummer?"
"Perfect. I can rock out with my dick dangling. Wait! What?" He laughs, "Kismet?"
"Doing a Billy Idol song in front of your mirror? Yes Kismet. You know the other day she stood outside the window there staring at me. Are you sure she's not your girlfriend?" She surmised differently after Kismet's crumpled up note that suggested Heidi set her up with her sister Kayla. Still, it was fun to see Weaver squirm.
"Dancing with Myself." He expresses his facial features with Billy's trademark smirk. His look switched the second he thought about her thinking of Kismet as his girl.
"That's the one. The song that is."
"That's me, big fan of Billy. Kismet is NOT my girlfriend." He laughs, "You're Stella right?" She looks offended, but knew he was joking, "Heidi with the sweet ass."
"You remembered. My ass anyway. Sorry I didn't show off its sweetness when my Dad was here a few days back. Too many gawkers ogling Cleo and I didn't wanna steal her thunder. So what's Kismet's deal?" She shuffles closer but searches for her boss Vicki. She knew talking to others was pretty much not allowed unless it was about lingerie. "What brings you to Victoria's well known secret?"
"Checking you out. Cute dress." She smiled at his compliment, then remembered that Zach had dried himself with her dress earlier. It sent a thrill to all the right places. As if this handsome stud before her hadn't already inspired her hormones.
""Longer skirt than usual." She shows it off, it was longer than the one she wore the first day they met, closer in length to the second day run in at the food court. Turning her back to Weaver she cautiously lifts the back up and steps closer to him. Clearing her throat she looks over her shoulder, "You gonna touch that or what?" Puckering he used both hands to rub her ass cheeks.
"Yup! Sweetest...tightest...ass in the Mall."
"Look closer."
He lifts her skirt a bit more and bulges his eyes, "No panties. Hell yes."
"So!" She pulls away allowing her skirt to return to it's normal coverage, "Stalking me, like Kismet?"
"Damn straight. Even more so now that I know you don't wear panties."
"Just today. I knew you would drop by."
"Gypsy fortune teller?"
"Maybe. You have crystal balls?"
"Dressing room I'll show you. I'm guessing your future is looking...UP." He chuckles proving he had an erection by lifting his longer shirt up over his crotch.
"Hmmm! Tell me about Kismet first." She notes Vicki heading toward her office, her fellow employee Gina arranging clothing racks. Taking Weaver by the hand she sneaks him toward the changing room. Opening a curtain she pulls him inside and closes it. Hands on her hips she awaits an answer.
"Kismet's a lesbian. She's defensive of me is all, we go way back to childhood. She knew Cleo too, from school. I think she likes you."
"Ummm, not me so much, "She giggles, "My sister. Either, or, I couldn't tell with her fist doubled up."
"Like I said you caught her off guard is all. After I told her you were really cool she just shrugged, and said I'd scissor her. Maybe she meant your sister. TMI for my tastes. Her lifestyle, her choice."
"Yeah? Maybe Kayla. She's moving into Bi territory more and more." She laughs, "As long as it's not actual scissors, tell her I'll see what I can do. Okay, she needs to say hi not give me the stink eye. I wanna know Kayla is gonna be safe from Wendy O'Williams."
"Takes her a bit to warm up to girls she likes. Are you?" He looks leery, knowing better but was aiming for a flirty retaliation. "Wow! A girl that knows Wendy O', I think I'm in lust. Not many our age knows the older bands."
"Totally gay. I just like letting random guys grope me to make girls jealous. NO! So not gay. Bi? On the fence. Pretty tall razor wire rolled on the top fence. Not against, just gotta be the right timing I guess. I was raised on 80's rock. Mom was a groupie, probably why I don't know my dad. Too young and trying to keep me safe she says. Whatever, my luck my dad is Vince Neil, we both have blond hair so maybe."
"Hey! I don't mind sharing you. Want Kismet's digits?"
"I'll talk to her eventually. For now...drop 'em." She points at his pants.
"Wow! I like you already." He unzips his pants and shows that even he had gone commando. Flopping out a nice 8.4 inch pecker she nodded with a stiff lower lip. His size rivaled Zach's monster. Images flooding her mind of the two separate days that Zach had stuck his dick inside her but just remained idle gave her the shivers. Idle to Idol. She had to smile.
"Nice dick. Lift it up and let me read your balls." Chuckling almost a whisper, Weaver Kytes does just that as Heidi kneels in front of him to examine some pretty full balls. "I see...I see...I see...you wearing leather panties dancing on a stage where hot girls tuck Mony Mony in your waistband."
He nearly busted out laughing but held a wrist over his mouth to prevent them being caught. Singing to her via whispers he goes full impression Billy Idol yet quoting the Doors with a rendition of, "Come on, Come on and Touch Me Babe." That made her smile even brighter. He was really cute. Reaching out she grips his balls and squeezes them, his eyes went wide with surprise. With a mischievous glint in her eye she utilizes her left hand to grab his erection kneeling to use it as a mic. Shuffling his balls into a dance she does her own Idol impression with, "Rock the Cradle of Love. Rock the Cradle of Love."
Hearing Vicki's voice Heidi releases him and jumps up, "Stay here and Dance with Yourself." She swiftly takes his hand and curls his fingers around his cock. "Be back in a minute." Weaver was left jerking off in the women's changing room. Dealing with Vicki over price tag mix ups it took ten minutes before Heidi could return to Weaver. If he was still there she might ask him out, against her morals.
Opening the curtain there he was leaning against the mirror, dick exhausted but still erect. Hands wet from cum he rushes into Heidi and palms her face kissing her hard on the lips. His cum on her face making her whimper she kissed him back. She was really turned on by his approach, her cum on skin fetish intensifying her hormones. As they kissed she stroked his cock back to life then dropped to her knees and sucked him off, the flavor of his leftover cum making her eyes roll back into possession mode. While doing so sudden images of her roommate Zach flooded her thoughts yet again. Almost overwhelming her senses she fed on Weaver like a starving puppy. Hands on the back of her head locked Heidi in as she trailed her throat back and forth over his girth, tongue curling around his foreskin, her lips tight around him for a warm friction.
"Gonna cum again." He softly shivers, straining with clenched teeth, then detonates into her mouth. She swallows every drop before pulling her lips away, lifting his cock to lick his balls. Standing up she kisses him fiercely, forcing him against the wall. His hands gripping her bare ass beneath her dress they Frenched for three minutes. Hearing customers Heidi peeled away and put a finger to his lips. "555-6969" she whispered. "Gotta go. Give it to Kismet too. Just tell her to be gentle."
Cautiously waving the boy out after he zips up, he snuck past Vicki and Gina with little effort. Customers not even reacting to a male in the store made it all that much easier. Within ten minutes Heidi's cell vibrated. Hiding away behind a rack of teddies she looks at a text from Weaver, "My band's playing at a wedding in two weeks, it's on a Saturday. Wanna be my date?"
"WHITE WEDDING!!" She types back with a dancing emoji. "I was going to ask you out. Love to hear you guys."
His reply led to, "Yep! Punk Rock band. We're called Spitshake."
"Very cool. Love the name. Do I dress punk?"
"Hell yes. Leather up Bitch. LOL!"
"I'll see what I can find. I'll text you tonight from home."
"You could always invite me over. LOL!"
Pausing before replying to both make sure Vicki wasn't watching her, and considering Zach she had an evil thought, typing back, "How about this Saturday? My Dad might be there though." She chose Dad over roommate as an insurance policy, Weaver already had met him as her Dad anyway. She really didn't know Weaver all that well so the lie would stick for now. Besides that, she thought it would be funny to put Zach in a situation that made him uneasy. She also knew that Zach might have the company of Khloe Vaughn their landlords caregiver. Things could get interesting.
"Did he approve of me the other day? Pink mohawk. LOL!" He points at his scalp.
"Hasn't said, too busy seducing Cleo. Do I care? LOL! He might act tough though, he's a really big guy."
"I recall. If Cleopatra likes him he must be doing something right. I've never known Cleo to be that...openminded. LOL!"
"They were cute together." She fidgeted over saying that. Cleo was either going to be her bestie or trouble. The maintained lie of both of them having met Zach's ex-wife was still lingering. She really needed to talk to Cleo one on one and figure out how best to break it to Zach that his Ex might be coming for him. Cleopatra did look fun.
"Awww hell! So much for hitting it then. LOL!"
"If you're bold enough I'll fuck you." She offers a winking emoji. "On terms. LOL!"
"Bold how? As right in front of him? LOL!" He was joking.
"Chicken?"
"No. LOL! Seriously?" He presumed that she was joking now.
"My pussies realllllllly weeeet. LOL!"
"Let's do it." Still joking but on the fence. If it meant making hot ass Heidi happy, he would bite the bullet.
Giddy she types, "This Saturday work then? You can wait a couple days right? You can even drive me home."
"See you then. I'll bring a condom. A whole box even. LOL! If things go good, me and the band are having a rehearsal on Sunday at my house. Garage jams, my Mom will be there though. She's off during the day but dances all night. BEFORE YOU ASK...NO NOT FUCKING IN FRONT OF HER. She's a stripper as it is. LOL!"
"Too funny. We'll see how it goes. Seeya Spitsnake."
"It's Spitshake...ohhh! I get it. LOL!"
Saying a joint, "Bye!" the two had similar reactions. If they could physically see one another they would mimic the same motions, both of them clenched a fist and danced in step. Gina saw her dance and frowned at her behavior. Shrugging, Heidi just looked at her and said, "I'm happy."
Answer enough. Of, course Gina had to point out Weaver's cum stains on Heidi's dress when they kissed so violently. Two for two. She wore Zach's scent, and Weaver's jizz. Giddiness fulfilled the rest of her shift.
5:00 in the afternoon came along quickly and Heidi clocked out, bidding farewell to one fashion, eager to look for another. The problem was, she didn't have any money, having used her entire savings to get Zach out of hot water or be evicted. She had faith things would work out concerning their roommate status, he seemed dedicated now that she moved in to rescue him. Landing a job soon after only enforced her opinion on trusting him. Even sexually, he was giving her what she wanted without pushing so hard to nail her that she grew leery of him. Honestly, she loved his retaliations to things she herself set in motion, namely getting a bit of action for her sister Kayla, and their friend Nastiya. So far so good. Still, no money to buy anything to suit what she envisioned her goth look to be. Black was really it. Definitely no coloring her gorgeous blond hair, not even pink to compliment Weaver. She considered that for all of three minutes.
Easing by the store that Weaver worked at she decided to go inside and explore what little fashion they had there as inspiration. Certainly, quite a bit of alternative clothing but nothing truly caught her eye. Weaver must have already gone home, he was no where in sight. Just as well, she really wanted to surprise him with whatever she put together for both that wedding and a date in general, maybe his rehearsal on Saturday. Although, saving her attire felt better. She would just dress sexy for him that wedding day gig. Changing her entire identity for any man was never going to happy. Roleplay, sure.
"Need any help?" Came a male voice behind her. She recalled the face, this was the guy behind Weaver the day she first spoke to him. The boy was tall and thin wearing an Ice Nine Kills concert t-shirt and black leather pants. His hair short and buzzed on the temples certainly gave him a goth look to a point. Nose and ear piercings seemed a tad much but it was his life.
"Hi. Did Weaver go home already?" She made conversation.
"Yep. He got off at 3:00."
"Earlier than that but that's another story." She chuckled. He smirked at her reading into her expression. "Anyways, I'm just getting ideas for a punk look to support his band. Any thoughts?"
He looked her over from head to toe and nodded, "You have potential. Are you wanting punk sexy or punk subtle?"
"Look at me...is there anything subtle about me?"
"Honest?"
"Yep."
"You're hot but your fashion says rich girl."
"So not rich. I just like nice clothes. I have to dress nice working at Victoria's."
"What about on your off time?"
"Bra and panties." She laughs, "If that. When I go out it just depends on what I'm doing. I dress for occasion."
"Sweet. I can see that." He grins but tries to contain being too outspoken. "Okay, gonna stop picturing leisure time."
"Love the leather pants but I don't think they would be me. I'm more leggings to fit form my booty."
"Nothing wrong with that. So, you dating Weave?"
"Working on it. Haven't yet. He invited me to a wedding gig his band is playing at next weekend."
"His band rocks."
"I haven't even heard them yet. I kinda met the band at the food court but the drummer looked as if she wanted to kick my ass. The others I saw on my way back to work. They howled at me." She giggled.
"I can see why. Wayne and Garth are always looking for girls in heat."
"That's their names?" She winces, "You're lying? Wayne's World?"
"Yeah, they get that all the time. By the way I'm Ace."
"Ventura?" She busts up turning red.
"Not even close. My last name's Bigelow."
"Bigbelow?" She winks goofily.
"Big enough. At least you didn't make fun of my name sounding like Deuce Bigelow. They sound close. My parents are professional poker players in case you're wondering how I ended up with Ace."
"Awesome. I love playing poker, even if it's not strip poker."
"Maybe You, Weaver, and some others can get together and we can all play cards."
"Sounds fun. Anyways, my sister should be here to pick me up soon, I need to get some ideas nailed down here." She turns to the clothing racks.
"Knee high black boots, fishnet stockings with rips in the knee, and if you're daring, a cut off all black t-shirt that shows off the bottom of your chest."
"Skirt? Ripped shorts?" She added to his speculation.
"Wear spandex hot pants. Boy shorts style."
"So lots of open skin from my boobs to my pubes?" She chuckles.
"Belly bling too."
"Never pierced my belly button." She hears her cell ringtone to the old tune Sweet Soul Sister and digs out her phone. "Sister's here." She texts Kayla her location then returns her attention to Ace. "Do you have fishnet stockings?"
"We carry all of what I just described. I always give advice that makes a sale."
"Can I try things on?"
"Dressing room is right back there. The stockings might be too intimate to try on, once opened you'd have to buy them."
"Even if I'm giving you a fashion show?" She bats her eyes.
"I try not to mix signals. Weaver's a good guy."
"I'm not asking you to bend me over...geez." She laughs and rolls her eyes. "I'll ask permission if you want me too."
"I guess. I am the only one here until closing. Store goes dead about 6:00."
"Let me tell Weaver I'm in the store with you and trying on things. I didn't want him to see what I'm wearing but I'll let you take pics to send him so he's in on the fashion show. Okay with that?"
"If it kills the boredom." He chuckles.
"Texting him now." She begins typing the second she stopped talking, "Hey Punk, I'm in your store with Ace. I'm going to try on a few things he suggested. Want a fashion show?" Sent, she follows Ace in locating the items he suggested. Discovering a half hoodie in red she fell in love with it. Thin chains even spoke to her in figuring out what made her feel unique. As they piled things up Kayla made her appearance with Nastiya right behind her.
"What are we doing?" Kayla snuck up behind her placing her chin on Heidi's shoulder.
"I'm going punk for Weaver. At least when I'm around him."
"Fishnet...I have fishnet in my wardrobe." Nasty points out the stockings in her stack of items. Ace took one look at Nastiya and dropped his jaw. Nasty was wearing a ruffled black mini skirt and a dark purple button down top that had too many buttons left open revealing her bulging breasts, her lighter lavender matching bra lifted them higher. His eyes sank to new lows. Heidi and Kayla both noticed his interest immediately. A smirk between sisters they read the others mind. Nasty was going to be useful.
"Hey." Ace nodded at Nasty with no other words found to follow.
"He likes my boobies." She smiles brightly feigning a blush.
"I'm gonna do a fashion show for Weaver. Ace here is going to record me, right Ace?"
"Record? I presumed pictures."
"I want to be in the fashion show." Nasty bubbles up. Ace nearly busted a nut over her dancing breasts. "May I try on clothing too?" She offers puppy dog eyes at Ace.
"Sure."
"I'm out." Kayla laughs, "Nothing here would fit my big ass anyways, these stores are for petites only."
"You need to stop putting yourself down Missy. You are NOT fat." Heidi jabs Kayla in the ribs making her laugh. Ace discovered Kayla's tits even more jiggly, due to no bra. A tight black button down expressed cleavage and nipple hard on but not near as much crater as Nasty was showing off. Ace was sweating all around.
"Weaver's texting." Heidi jumps at her ringtone of Mony Mony to reveal the callers identity. Giddy she tells everyone, "I set up the ringtone on break. Billy Idol."
"We get it. He looks like Billy." Kayla rolls her eyes.
"Whoaaaa! Ace..." She bulges her eyes at her cell screen, "You might wanna read this yourself." She shares her cell with the employee and grits her teeth. Reading the text Ace discovered more than he bargained for. It read, "Give that lazy bastard a show he won't ever stop bragging about. Burlesque Baby. LOL!"
"No way." Ace grinned. Heidi then showed Kayla and Nasty who laughed. Another text back to Weaver, Heidi aimed to blow his mind. "Can I show him my bare ass?" Sent, it took thirty seconds to reply, "I DARE YOU." Again she shared it with everyone.
"I would most like to show my bare bottom." Nasty added her own enthusiasm. Ace nodded favorably. This was the most excitement he had ever had on the job. He just hoped no customers ruined things. Prepping to move her wardrobe choices to the tiny single room changing stall Heidi stopped and turned to Kayla, "Oh! Call this number." She recalls the digits by memory, "555-3663." Nasty made a few choices quickly and playfully winked at Ace. Noting a very noticeable erection Nasty reaches over with her index finger and taps the tip of his tent. He nearly fainted as she turned away just as swiftly. Following behind them Ace stood guard over the changing room. As the curtain closed he could see in an inside mirror both girls reflection. A fast realization Heidi opens the curtain and passes him her cell. "Here! Get ready to film me." Hurrying back inside she shuts the curtain again, but this time it remained a tad more open than before. With Kayla looking away he rubbed his swollen crotch and sighed.
"What? Who's number does that belong to?"
"You'll find out. Have fun. We will." Heidi nudges Nasty into the dressing room with her. Giggling at the sudden blur in confined occupancy the girls just start disrobing one another, rather than themselves. This was a first for both, yet it was intensely adventurous. Nasty had enjoyed her bisexual experience with Kayla Trudeau, luckily Kayla found it intriguing too, it would have been a shame if Zach Pedigo's encouragement had placed a strain on their loyalties. Maybe the man had a wisdom that exceeded the soul, sensing what was equally right and wrong in a well balanced union. Three years ago that might not have been so evident.
"This is quite fun to be undressing you." Nasty flares her gaze as she removes Heidi's dress leading to only a bra, no panties. Having had Heidi assist in escaping her own outfit just prior, both girls were similarly nude save for one garment each, both wore bras. Entangling each other they reached around one another to unclasp the other's bra and remove them. Chest to chest now Nasty took the ballsy road of shaking her tits directly over Heidi's in a nipple battle, the sensations made them both laugh that much harder.
"Don't go getting kissy on me, or..." Heidi notes Ace slyly checking them out in the mirror and goes against her better judgment, dragging Nastiya in to her body to body, and laying a hardcore kiss on the Hindi beauty. Caught off guard Nasty guided Heidi back against the wall and felt her up. Heidi, wheezing at her first intimacy with a girl had to slow her down somehow. Eyes wide during their Frenching Heidi noted Ace ease the curtain back an inch more for a better view in the mirror. Inspired to exhibit them both so that Ace might brag to Weaver how wild she was, Heidi squeezed Nasty's butt cheeks and ripped her crack wide to offer Ace a solid view of her butt pucker and shadowy clam shaped pussy. Watching Ace rub his crotch harder was just perfect.
With an attempt to control Nasty's newfound appetite Heidi pulled away in favor of kissing Nasty's neckline, whispering, "Calm down Hottie this is just a show, we're not lovers. Ace is watching us in the mirror. I think he likes you he's battling a stiffy."
"He is very cute." Nasty whispers back as she applies her own lips to Heidi's milky white shoulder, the sensation made Heidi roll her eyes upward a bit. Who knew? Within her thoughts Heidi Baker had mixed feelings on the whole bi thing, she adored dick immensely, bigger, harder the better. That, and she was finding herself obsessed with Weaver Kytes. Zach who? Oh, yeah, Dad. She applied that designation just to keep her confusion level down. Zach was not her real dad, he was old, even if his body was incredible. Roomie! Roomie! Roomie! "Get out of my head Tom."
Shaking his image from her mind she noticed Ace using his own cell to record Nasty from behind. "Fuck it." Heidi moved in for the kill and kissed Nastiya on the lips again, just to give Ace his moment in the braggers circle. Turning Nasty around to face the mirror in a mad pull away of their kiss, Heidi gave Ace his first full frontal of Nasty Iyamahorr, Heidi playing with Nasty's tits with one hand, kissing her neck, and exploring her pussy with her remaining hand. Nasty yelped the second her clit was stimulated. Spotting Ace recording on her own Nasty smiled and fluttered her fingers at him. He nearly panicked until Heidi nudged Nasty closer to the curtain opening. "Hey Ace? Nasty wants to say hi to you."
"Me?" He choked and hid his cell thinking they hadn't seen him. It was still lit up and recording in his pants pocket. Too funny.
"How about I dress out there and you and Nasty take a break together?"
"Serious?" He swallowed dryly as Heidi whips the curtain open revealing their full nudity together without the aid of any reflection. His reaction was to slobber all over himself.
"Sick him Fido." She pushes Nasty into Ace. With a hint of savagery Nastiya dropped to her knees and went straight for Ace's tented leather, her tongue licking over his erection rather than biting and tearing at his pants, destruction was not on her mind. Feasting on cock was. Grabbing her clothing choices Heidi moved out of the changing room then behind Ace. "Get a changing room." Crawling on her hands and knees Nasty returned to the room dragging Ace in with her. Heidi then closed the curtain. "You kids have fun. I'll change and let you know when I'm ready to film." All Ace could do was shudder and share a nervous, "Okay." Nasty already had his dick out and was deep throating it. Yes, he had enough sense to video his blowjob. Nasty gave him all the footage he wanted. He gave her 7 inches of that footage.
Slipping on her fishnets only Heidi maintained her gaze for intrusive customers. With Kayla standing in the entryway talking on her cell to Weaver's drummer girl Kismet it gave her a slight advantage should a customer enter. It looked as if they were getting along. Good for them Heidi thought. Putting on her black hoodie that concealed her breasts, save for the lower curvature, her soft white tummy totally bare until the fishnet body suit that caught her lower hips took over. Seeing Kayla react to someone outside of her cell Heidi scurried behind the cashier counter wearing only what she had donned up until that point. Plucking up the black spandex hot pants with tiny embedded metal rings on three sides she prepped to put them on. Before she had time, three men entered the store and immediately noticed Heidi behind the counter. She swiftly leaned on to the glass top and smiled, "Welcome to Hardy Corps." She changed the name without thinking, the store was really called Hard Corps. There it was again, the image of Zach Pedigo's huge cock called Hardy. "What the hell Heidi?" She had to close her eyes and picture Weaver.
"Hey!" A preppy young man that looked like Mario Lopez nodded, "I don't recall you ever working here."
"Just started today." She notes his friends moving around toward the back side of the counter. She referred to them as Mark Wahlberg and Lucas Till in their early adulthood appearances. Remaining calm she just knew they could see her bare ass with only fishnet on, her hoodie only covering down to the middle of her back didn't help. Her skin was so white it was like a signal flare saying "Over here Boys."
"Cool. No nametag." He points at her chest making her stand up straight without thinking. Yep! He noticed those curves of silky flesh. "Nice outfit."
"Thanks. The store owner says we need to model our product." This was fun acting as if she were a real employee. She just hoped that Ace wouldn't get fired over her shenanigans. Of course, he was busy with Nasty so he had no idea what was going on outside the curtain. Even though his moans were becoming loud enough to attract attention all eyes were on Heidi Baker. Behind her Mark and Lucas had discovered her from behind, jaws dropping at her curvaceous bare bottom hidden, if you could call it that by her fishnets. Let's face it Heidi was nude outside of her hoodies bit of cloaking, her fishnet suit's spaced out netting revealed literally every asset she had. In resuming her slumped forward state she followed Mario's eyes realizing she was being checked out from behind. With a wink at Mario she whispered, "I'm being drooled over aren't I?"
"Mind if I check out what my buddies are pointing at?"
"Nope. Feel free to peruse." She smirked and decided to just let the trio of studs enjoy themselves. Instead she located Kayla outside the stores window, laughing and having a good time on the phone. It was good to see Kayla smile more, maybe this Kismet was just what she needed. More so than even Zach. Hearing whispers behind her Heidi just shakes her ass without even looking over her shoulder at the boys. Let them have a moment to themselves. Pondering the situation her one drawback was that her goal was to do a fashion show for Weaver. This was more for others than her cute punk rocker. She needed to prioritize better. Making a snap decision to lift away from the counter and turn to face the three men she now rested her elbows on the counter. Spying their eyes immediately zooming in on her pussy in full bloom along with her sunflower tattoo, the netting hid nothing. "Find anything you like?"
"Oh Fuck yes." All three spoke in variations of the same reply. She grinned and said, "Wanna help me get employee of the month?"
"How?" Lucas chimed in first, not his real name of course, in truth it was Byron. Not worth remembering mind you he was just useful.
"Be right back." She wiggled around the counter and let them watch her butt dance a sweet side to side on her journey to the changing room. Not wanting to expose Ace she merely leans in through the curtain. "Pssst! I need my cell." Ace using his own cell lifted away from recording Nasty to capture Heidi's snooping. Fumbling a bit to reach his pants pocket around his knees and still enjoy Nasty's starvation he locates Heidi's cell and passes it over. "Thanks Ace. Loving it, Ace in her Face. Everything's under control. Keep having fun."
Retreating she turns back to the boys to find all three recording her with their own phones. Jaw dropping she wiggles an index finger without vocalizing her thoughts of, "Such bad boys." Not one of them lowered their cell, instead Mark dared to say, "Show us your merchandise Baby." With a chin move to her shoulder Heidi smiles and fans her hoodie up over her tits just once playfully giving in to their desires. Walking back toward the counter she made them follow her.
"Okay, Loiterers. I need you to put your own cells down and use mine. I want you to record me for my boyfriend."
Mario immediately stashed his away in favor of being her cameraman. Passing it off she already had it recording. As he panned on her face she spoke, "Hi Weaver. I decided to run the store while you were gone. Here's my fashion show, my way. Oh, I asked the help of some customers, Ace is kind of busy at the moment. I hope you don't mind." She blows him a kiss. "I tried on this outfit but I never had a chance to put any pants on. This is your first time seeing more than my ass, sorry if they got to see it before you did." Mario pans the cam down over her lower body, zooming in on her cute sunflower rising up from her clit. He even knelt down in front of it for a perfect view. In response Heidi used both hands to lift her skin just enough to tug her pussy up into a vibrant pink stretch that she then pried apart to open herself up to interpretation. Her hole glorious made all three boys around her comment on filling it. She flared her eyes, "Weaver only. You guys just get lucky seeing it." Of course, knowing Heidi her mind could be persuaded. For now Weaver was her focus.
"I chose fishnet, but I'll be wearing spandex hot pants over them. Just, not this second." She giggles, "I'm showing off. See?" She lifts her hoodie up to share both of her stunningly perfect breasts, nipples cresting higher than most days. Pinching her nipples taunt while using her chin to hold her hoodie up, she nibbles her lower lip, "See what you're getting Saturday? I can't wait for you to fuck me hard. God, I'm getting so wet just thinking about it." Her fingers leave her breasts and fan downward over her tummy and back into her pussy, prying herself wide again. This time her wetness was more evident, sharing soaked fingers to the camera. All three boys huffed, "Daaaamn." No way could Weaver miss hearing their lust.
"I'm thinking chains attached to my hot pants." She makes the walk back behind the counter to get her spandex. Mario films her putting them on and sighs, "Noooo don't cover up." She smirks at him planting her thumbs into the hip hooks on the spandex tugging the sides out as she walks around him back to the small display of chains, making her selection she clips a three way chain to both side hooks and the hook on the back of her spandex shorts. The other ends of the chains connecting to the hoodie in front used to keep the hoodie over her tits. She looked gorgeous in her attire. Boots came next, having found her size easily, she puts them on and struts her stuff. Offering a 360 view she stares at her camera and puts a finger on her cheek, "You like?" All three men nodded with expressions of needing to use their dicks, hands rubbing themselves only added proof of that necessity. Heidi was proud of her talents in getting guys hard.
"I think I'll get Kayla's opinion. Follow me Weaver." She marches straight out of the store until the buzzers went off due to theft monitoring. Heidi was just as shocked as anyone. Hearing the alarm Kayla turned to see Heidi and dropped her jaw at her selections. That, and just how dumb her sister was. Telling Kismet, "Gotta go." Kayla hung up and darted over, pushing Heidi back into the store.
"Are you nuts?" Kayla looked behind her fearing Security.
Inside the changing room Ace heard the alarm signaling just as he nutted down Nastiya's throat and went into panic mode. Hurrying to pull up his leather pants he accidently topples Nasty over on to her ass. She was hardly mad, the alarm concerned her too. As Ace left her to find Heidi being filmed by the three boys he went behind the counter and shut off the alarm. One call later Security was informed that it was an accident. Saved by the Ace in Nasty's hole. Her mouth that is.
The trio reacting to Ace was pure respect. Panic had left Ace behind once he had it all under control. Watching Kayla and Heidi feud over what Heidi was doing led Ace to look back at the changing room. Out walked Nasty wearing her own fishnets with no pants, a leather bra on was the final touch. Behind him he heard the three men switching focus on Nasty.
"There's two hotties." Lucas chuckled.
Prancing right over to Ace behind the counter she hopped up on the glass top and observed his eyes. Ace zeroed in on her cunt in 0 to 6 heartbeats.
"You must pay me back." She lays back and grabs her ankles while spreading her legs, nearly knocking over a keyring display. Ace looked back at the front of the store then grew the nerve to bury his face in Hindi hotness. The trio filmed his hunger as Nasty began yelping. The new noise drew the attention of Heidi and Kayla.
"I can't take you two anywhere." Kayla huffed.
Heidi tugged at Kayla's shirt, "I kissed Nasty."
"What? You did?"
"Not bad. Kind of hot. I saw you got along with Kismet."
"Yeah, she's kind of dark but funny. I think I might go hang with her next weekend."
"Weaver's coming over Saturday. Zach is going to have Khloe over. Read my mind..." She expects their sisterly connection to be on point.
"You're going to fuck Weaver in front of Zach."
"God I love you."
"I know you Bitch. Evil incarnate."
"Shoot! Mario is focusing on Nasty. So much for the rest of my video for Weaver."
"Were you going to try on more outfits?"
"No money anyways. I just did the video for Weaver to let him know I was looking for punk clothes. He asked me to go to a wedding, his bands playing there. I wanna look legit."
"Don't look at me I'm broke. We can't keep borrowing from Nasty."
"Maybe we can ask her while she's crying out Yes, Yes, Yes at Ace's tongue." Heidi laughs. "If she says yes she has to hold up to her end right?"
"Like I said, Evil."
Joining the bunch at the counter Heidi leans over Nasty and says, "Cum already. I need to get home."
Ace eyes Heidi peering over Nasty's belly with a look of despair, he was enjoying her company. Sensing it Heidi winks at Ace, "Eat up Ace. Can I stash my outfit here somewhere until I get paid?" Pausing Heidi as Nasty starts writhing uncontrollably, knocking things over now in her orgasm, Ace finishes her off in a nice squirt across his face. Backing away Ace licks his lips and notes Mark and Kayla picking up the toppled keyrings and trinkets.
"Bag up what you need." He shrugs, "I'll just make Weaver buy them."
"Nooooooooo! I can't make Weaver cover my expenses." Heidi pouts.
"Just take them. You got me a blowjob."
"A date..." Nasty whimpers, "You have yet to fuck me."
"Steal the store." Ace laughs.
"Bangles, bling, and lipstick?" Heidi adds to her needs.
"We'll buy your stuff if you let us cum on your ass." Lucas dares to bring up what he and the other two guys had wanted since seeing Heidi's bare bottom. Well, they obviously wanted more than that but, would definitely settle.
"Tempting offer...you have no idea." Heidi giggles knowing her cum fetish had a strong hold on her sensibility. It wasn't that she didn't want to, it was the worry that she might turn off Weaver should he find out. "Better not, I don't want Weaver to get mad at me."
Ace chuckled loudly then apologized with a hand, "You don't know Weaver very well do you?"
"Meaning what Space Ace?" She narrowed her eyes.
"Known Weave a long time, trust me he's a freak. He told you to show me your ass right?"
"Well, yeah but that's just showing you. I might be overdoing it showing them, let alone letting them jizz on my ass."
"They may share their semen with my bottom." Nasty jumps at the chance. The guys puckered at her offer, leaving Heidi almost jealous.
"Here!" Ace brings out his cell and texts Weaver himself, "Send Heidi a message telling her it's okay to let three guys cum on her ass. They said they'll buy her outfits for you." Text sent without permission Heidi cringed worried she had already lost her man. Seconds later she hears from Weaver. Holding her breath she reads his text.
"You don't need my permission, I don't own you. I won't be mad, just send me video. LOL!"
"Oh my God! I think I met my soulmate." She giggles, "Bring it into the changing room Boys." She had her chains unhooked and hot pants off before even moving from where she stood. Kayla just shook her head. Nasty pouted at her loss. Of course, she still had Ace.
With the changing room confined Heidi found herself surrounded almost body heat to body heat. She fanned herself exhaustedly, claiming her cell to make her own recording. "Pants down. Let me record it all for my Man." Mario, Mark, and Lucas closed the curtain but found things just too claustrophobic. Rubbing their dicks on her body made Heidi shiver as she wiggles her fishnets down to her upper thighs. There really wasn't any bending room and it became obvious this wasn't going to work. Peering out the curtain Heidi noted there still weren't any new customers. Taking a deep breath Heidi turns to her Jerky Boys and smirks, "How bold are you guys?" She whips the curtain open and marches back out into an aisle by the T-shirt shelving. Taking her hoodie off in front of the men she stood topless. Nets to her boots now Heidi drops to all fours and lays forward on the carpet, ass in the air. "Fire away." She then poses her cell to her face for an intimate chat video with Weaver.
"Just so you know I'm only doing this for you. You better be worth it Punk." She sticks her tongue out at her camera. "I'm glad you're openminded, it's going to make any adventure we have together that much more fun. I really like you Weaver. I hope you feel the same. Care to see what's going on behind my beautiful ass right now?" She lifts her cell to pan over her back sojourning over her curves to see her Valentine shaped butt dive into tunnels of love. All three guys were on their knees behind her jerking off like beasts. All of their dicks literally touching her ass. Lucas in the middle dared to ease a little too close and rub his crown directly over her labia. "Oooo!" She lowers her camera to her face again, "One of them is getting frisky." Eye brows wagging at her cell recording she lifts her cell higher to capture just how close things were getting. Her angle still hadn't shown just how close Lucas was. All she knew was that his lingering there made her wish for more.
"Can you hear them wishing I'd let them fuck me?" She whispered into her camera with a look of excitement yet stress on her face. Mario and Mark took it upon themselves to rub her ass cheeks while they jerked. Defiant of her getting mad they just squeezed and even pried her cheeks wider for a better view, her pussy hole parting to say hello as they did. Lucas took that moment to tease her hole with a beefy six inch, his mushroom poised for a dip. "Slow it down Lucas." She trembled lifting her camera up. Mario seeing the camera again took it from her and captured the good angles. She let him video them pawing up her ass, and jerk off closely to her flesh, often touching it. In Mario's shot was Lucas zeroing in on her hole.
"Your girl likes us being up close." Mario spoke without revealing his face. "Don't you Chica?" He called out to Heidi. In response she leered over her shoulder and said, "On, not in Amigo."
Lucas in his knuckling grasp took his crown a tad inside Heidi making her whimper, yet not jump and tell him no. This made the three Amigo's eye their chances. Around them they heard Nasty moaning again. Ace gave in to his stupidity as long as Kayla stood watch for everyone involved, fucking Nasty from behind, against the register area of the counter. Knowing her fucking moans Heidi dropped her head into her arms and sighed, "Dammit. Now I want fucked. I can't. That's going too far, Weaver won't want the whole enchilada. Would he?" Temptation felt as Lucas sank even deeper, caught on video as she trembled. "Hand me my camera." Her arm flailed blindly to procure it. Mario didn't resist and passed it back. Taking the recording back to her face she speaks to Weaver. "I hope you still like me after this. Please like me after this..." She raises her cell and offered up, "Hit it 10 times Lucas."
No words wasted Lucas rammed deep as Heidi shared her facial expressions at his thrusts. Eyelids fluttering, mouth open in awe, light moans of, "Oh, Weaver.", she drifted her cell back over her to view Lucas thrusting deep and gripping her ass cheeks tightly. Mario stole her cell again to record his friends penetration and his clarification of, "Fuck this pussy is tight." At 11 instead of 10 thrusts Lucas pulls out and scoots aside. Mark slips into the middle and doesn't even ask, he just hits that juicy cunt 10 times of his own. Heidi was loving it. As soon as Mark pulls away Mario makes his way in, recording his own deep thrusts. Heidi was whining compliments at her appreciative sensations. At 10 Mario backs out and the three of them jerk hard until all three drown her ass in white shots of gooey wet cum. Mario was a darned good cameraman. Her eyes rolling back led Heidi to reach under herself and finger her pussy. Watching her Mario placed her camera under her thighs for a magical spellcasting of fingers. White cum of her own making followed her fingertips out and in, until she let out a deafening squeal. Heidi Baker was a cum coated slut. Tasting herself brought on giggles. Tasting the leftovers of three studs only made her laugh hysterically, "OH MY GOD WEAVER!!"
Mario filming her orgasm and it's quaking reactions led him to say, "We thank you Weaver. Your girl is really cool. Keep her Man." He then laid her cell beside her as the three got up and pulled their pants up. Moving to the counter watching the final moments of Ace fucking Nasty, hearing Nasty cum hard, they patiently waited on Heidi and Nasty to get their shit together. Fully dressed ten minutes later, Heidi made her shopping list real and the trio split the cost of her clothes three ways. Thanking her three benefactors with tight hugs and a kiss each the three men moved on, promising Ace that they would never reveal what he let happen. Luckily, Ace knew how to delete the stores interior cameras, chalking it up to the circuit breaker and him forgetting to turn the cameras back on.
Ace asked Nasty out, she accepted. Heidi took her bags and the girls hooked up in the Mall aisleways. Kayla had kept watch from outside the store, having called Kismet back. Sitting on a sofa together in a rest area, Heidi sent her video to Weaver, fingers crossed.
Waiting for ten minutes to give him a chance to watch it all Heidi was a mess, up pacing relentlessly, praying she hadn't let the men go too far. As she waited she received a text from Zach saying, "Chinese on me? Not the noodles. LOL!"
"Extra fortune cookies, I need all the luck I can get. Thanks Codger. Be home in thirty minutes." She then wondered where he got the money. Duk Fu better be on time, her belly was growling. Cum was not enough sustenance. A text from Weaver made her lose her appetite. Trembling as she read it her eyes bulged.
"HOT AS FUCK HEIDI. Am I dating a pornstar? Hope so. LOL!"
"You're not upset I let them fuck me?" She quickly typed back.
He took three minutes to answer just to make her sweat, "I'll get over it. Openminded on both our parts?"
"ABSOLUTELY!"
"You looked really pretty in punk."
"Isn't that Pretty in Pink? LOL!" She recalled the movie.
"That was their dicks. Pretty in your pink. LOL!"
"OMG!! I'm not fucking anybody else until you make love to me Mister Kytes."
"You had plans to fuck somebody else?"
"You don't want me too after seeing that video?"
"Maybe. LOL! You'd do that for me?"
"I just did Goofball. Yes. As long as you're okay, I'm okay."
"I'm okay. LOL!"
"Me too, Freak." She added a tongue razzing emoji.
"You working at Vicki's tomorrow?"
"Nope. Not until Saturday again."
"Darn. I was hoping for another dressing room BJ."
"Oh, no. After I just fucked on the stores floor, you're getting bolder than that Buddy Boy."
"Can't wait. Call me later?"
"Phone sex?"
"Damn straight. LOL!"
"I'm using my toy." Her toy Zach, and his egg at the same time. Bedroom door wide open. Zach launching cum all over her belly as she talked with Weaver. He needn't know that much considering he knew Zach as her Dad. She had it all planned in her head.
"Awesome. You can keep making me videos. LOL!"
"I will." Yep! He was gonna watch her vibrating toy Zach fuck her silly tonight. "Gotta go Stud. My sister is hurling scowls at me. Oh, she called Kismet, they're getting along great. Tell Ace I said thank you for his help."
"Calling him after we're done."
"Done. Call you around 10:00."
It would be 9:45.
A pretty punk move.