This happened a couple of years ago shortly after my wife graduated from a massage school. She had just started giving massages for money at our home.
My wife and I were watching a football game at our house with some of my friends from work. Everyone was drinking and having a good time. There were several guys there that were cheering hard for one team and my wife was cheering for the other. The guys were giving my wife a pretty hard time about how her team was playing. Of course eventually it became a bet.
Now my wife is a stubborn and proud woman. When she says she is going to do something she does it. She doesn't let me interfere or "rescue" her from her decisions.
The main talker, Bob, bet my wife one of her massages that his team would be ahead at the half. If he lost the bet he would have to pay the price of the massage without getting one. Well, the score was tied at halftime. During the third quarter Bob upped the bet saying that if his team lost he would pay her double the price of a massage but if her team lost then she had to give him a massage while he was naked and undraped.
As far as I know my wife had never given a massage to an undraped man but she was confident in her team so she agreed. In the fourth quarter Bob's team was behind and not looking good. He decided to up the bet again. He said he would pay her triple the cost of a massage if his team lost and she would have to be naked while giving him a massage if her team lost.
Besides being stubborn and proud my wife is a modest and conservative woman, she wouldn't even leave the bedroom without clothes on even when we were the only ones home. The thought of her doing this was beyond imagination. However, the money would be pretty good and it didn't look like Bob's team had a chance so my wife agreed.
As you can guess, Bob's team pulled it out at the very end and he won the bet. My wife was heartbroken and almost in tears. I knew she would live up to her end of the bet no matter how embarrassing it would be. Bob was leering at her and licking his lips. He told her that he would take payment right then. Looking very despondent my wife followed him to the spare bedroom she had set up as her massage studio.
Her massage room had a regular massage table, a small couch, a desk, and a cabinet. They went in and closed the door. The other guys were all hooting and hollering and saying lots of crude things about what would be happening in the room. I didn't know what would happen, if my wife would really go through with it. Bob can be a bastard when he wants to so I figured he would insist on full payment. Would my wife do it or run crying from the room?
I wasn't crazy about Bob seeing my wife naked. He could be an ass at times and I wasn't sure what he would say around work. But I knew my wife wouldn't let me interfere so I bit my lip and let it go.
They stayed in the room for quite awhile. The other guys figured out that they weren't coming out anytime soon and had to get home to their own wives so they left. After about an hour and a half Bob and my wife came out. Bob was looking pretty smug and my wife was looking pretty resigned. Bob patted me on the shoulder, made a rude comment about my hot wife, and left to go home to his own wife.
I asked my wife what happened in there and about all she would tell me is that she paid the bet as agreed. She said that Bob stripped down naked and lay on the table, then watched as she stripped down naked. Bob made comments off and on all through the massage while he looked at her body as much as possible. When he was face up on the table he had a hard on the whole time. He asked my wife to give him a hand job several times but she refused saying it wasn't part of the bet.
The next day at work I asked Bob what had happened during his massage. He told me I had an incredibly sexy wife with great hands. She massaged everything but his dick and balls, much to his disappointment. He said she had a great ass and pussy and loved looking at her naked body.
Two weeks later the party was at my house again. The same group of guys was there and again Bob was cheering for the other team. I know he didn't really care anything about the other team he just wanted to get another crack at my wife. He wound up making the same bet with her. It didn't have quite the sting this time since they had already spent an hour naked together.
This time Bob's team lost. He paid the bet and just smiled. My wife was very happy to get the extra money and started planning how to spend it right away. She was in a good mood the rest of the week.
A couple of weeks later the football party came back around to my house. As usual Bob took the opposing team and made the bet with my wife. Bob's team was playing poorly and all the breaks were going against them. By the end of the third quarter Bob's team was way behind. My wife was already talking about how she was going to spend the money. That's when Bob upped the ante. He said he would pay four times the cost of a massage if his team lost but if they won then my wife had to finish the massage with a blowjob.
My wife was shocked and hesitant but there just wasn't any way Bob's team could pull the game out. My wife was going to do it. I told her to be careful because you never know with football, but she had dollar signs in her head and agreed to the bet. Then Bob's team came from behind and won.
My wife was in shock. She couldn't believe what she was about to do. My wife doesn't like to give blowjobs and has only done if for me a couple of times. She walked back to the massage room like a condemned prisoner. Bob was leering and grinning at the guys.
After they closed the door I sent everybody else home. Then I went to a closet that adjoined the massage room. I could get in position where I could just see into the room. When I got there Bob was already naked and was standing in front of my wife. She was pulling her shirt over her head while he watched. When she removed her bra he reached out and fondled her breasts. I heard her tell him that wasn't part of the deal. He squeezed them a couple of more times and then stopped.
My wife then pulled her shorts and panties down at the same time leaving her standing naked in front of Bob. He reached out and ran his hand over her mound and through her pubic hair. Again she told him that wasn't part of the deal.
Bob got up on the table face down and my wife went to work on him. She gave him a professional massage, the only difference being that he was undraped and she was naked. After about a half hour she had him turn over. She continued the massage and he rapidly became hard. Bob's dick was about the same as mine, pretty average. He kept grabbing it and waving it at my wife. I also noticed that he would allow his hand to brush up against my wife's body whenever he got a chance. For the most part my wife just ignored him.
Finally she came to the end of the massage. Bob was still hard. She just looked at him and Bob said that a deal was a deal. My wife put her hand on him very gingerly and slowly took him in her mouth. She gave what I knew to be a very inexpert blowjob. Bob started coaching her on what to do. At first she just ignored him but then realized that the whole thing would be over quicker if she just did the things he wanted.
She started licking and sucking the way Bob told her to. She was stroking him and going up and down on him faster and faster. Just when he was about to cum, Bob grabbed the back of my wife's head and forced her down on him. He came hard in her mouth and held her there forcing her to swallow his cum.
My wife backed off him with a look on her face like she had sucked on a rotten lemon. She wiped her hand on her mouth and just told him paid. Bob got off the table, grabbed my wife by the ass cheek and said thanks babe. They both got dressed and left the room. I was sitting in the living room when they came out. Bob winked at me and headed out the door.
My wife sat next to me with a strange look on her face. I asked her if she was okay and she just frowned and shrugged.
Bob and I work for a pretty big company in different departments. I didn't know what he was telling the guys about my wife in the department where he worked but I was afraid bad things might get back to my department. I knew that Bob, being the kind of guy that he was, wasn't going to listen to any appeals for discretion so I just kept quiet hoping that he would do the same.
The season wore on and my wife's team was doing very well. It looked like they were a cinch for the playoffs. Some pretty extraordinary things would have to happen to keep them out. The party was at my house and my wife's team was looking like it was about to clench a playoff berth. Bob bet her that they would choke and not make it this week. He offered her the same bet as last time, four times the price of a massage against a naked massage with a blowjob.
This time the other four guys spoke up and said that they wanted that same bet. The money on the table was considerable. Everyone expected my wife's team to get in so there wasn't much risk. But since she had been burned before she thought she should be practical. She told them that she couldn't give five hour-long massages in one evening so they agreed to half hour massages with a blowjob ending.
My wife's team won their game but an upset victory in another game kept my wife's team from clenching the playoffs. My wife looked horrified at the thought of being naked in front of five different guys and giving five blowjobs. But it got worse. A couple of the guys came out of the massage room carrying her table. They wanted her to give the massages, and blowjobs, in the living room in front of everybody.
My wife looked frozen as she looked from face to face. The guys just stood there grinning at her. Finally, Bob started taking his clothes off and looked expectantly at my wife. She sighed and started stripping. My wife stood there naked in front of five guys I work with for a minute while they looked her up and down, then started working on Bob's massage. She rushed through the massage even faster than planned and within 20 minutes had him in her mouth. The other guys were enjoying watching my naked wife work on Bob and finally give him a blowjob. Again Bob grabbed my wife's head cumming in her mouth and forcing her to swallow his cum.
My wife glared at Bob as he got off the table. The next guy lost no time in stripping down and climbing up on the table. My wife went to work on him. Everyone watched her naked ass, cunt, and tits as she worked around the table rubbing him all over. She started her second blowjob of the day and was again forced to swallow his cum. Number three, four, and five went the same way.
After spending three hours working naked in front of my five coworkers it was finally over. After swallowing the last guy's cum she leaned back against the table to rest a minute. She hadn't been able to keep all of the cum in her mouth and there was quite a bit on her chin, cheeks, and neck. The guys all walked past her as they left and grabbed a boob or ass cheek going by.
Considering how embarrassed and humiliated she had been I thought that would be the end of the betting for her. Scheduling conflicts put the next game at our house again. The same five guys were there with great anticipation. The game started and talk of a bet came up.
My wife's team was pretty much a shoo-in. To get in the playoffs they only had to win their game by more than a touchdown or the last place team in the league had to lose to the number three team in the league. The team my wife's team was playing had been struggling all month and nobody picked them to come within three touchdowns of my wife's team.
The guys bet my wife five times the cost of a massage each that her team would not make the playoffs. If my wife lost the bet she would have to have sex with each of the guys. I expected my wife to object immediately but she just sat there looking like she was thinking about it. I couldn't believe it. I started to object but my wife interrupted me. I could see what she was thinking. Five times the price of a massage times five guys was 25 times the price of a massage. That was a month's worth of income for her and quite a lot of money. The chance that the guys would win the bet was so small that it was hard to calculate.
The dollar signs in my wife's head won out over the memory of the embarrassment and humiliation of the last weekend and the thought of what loosing would actually mean. She agreed.
Before we were married my wife had only had sex a couple of times. Since we've been married we only have sex at most once a week and usually not that often (her choice). In all her life she's only been with those two guys once each before we were married and only had it infrequently since then with me. If she lost this bet she would have to have sex with five different guys all in the same afternoon.
Things looked pretty good for my wife through most of the game but a huge effort on the part of the other team and some unlikely breaks brought them to within a touchdown at the end of the game. We quickly changed channels to catch the end of the other game. We were all stunned. With less than two minutes left the score was tied. A last minute fumble and field goal gave the game to the last place team. My wife's team was out of the playoffs and my wife had lost the bet.
The look of horror on my wife's face told me that she was finally realizing what she had agreed to. She was nearly in tears. The guys cleared off the coffee table, put a throw blanket over it, and looked at her expectantly. My wife just glared at the guys through her tears and took off her clothes. She lay on the table with her ass at the edge and her feet on the floor. She closed her eyes tightly.
Bob went first, of course. He dropped his pants and knelt between her legs. He was already hard thinking about her. He pushed his dick into her and started pumping slowly. He tried to make it last long but it was too much for him and after no more than ten minutes in her he spewed his cum into her. The next guy slipped into her right away.
My wife had her hands over her head holding on to the edge of the coffee table and kept her eyes closed not looking at the guys or what they were doing. She just laid there and let them screw her not knowing who was taking a turn. I sat there on the couch and watched as my five coworkers had sex with my wife. None of the guys lasted very long and it was all finished in a little over an hour. When the last guy pulled out there was quite a bit of cum all over her crotch and ass where it had leaked out of her. All in all the sex didn't last all that long but for a woman with her lack of experience getting screwed by five guys for almost an hour was going way past her normal limit.
The guys all dressed and then left to go home to their unsuspecting wives. I helped my wife stand up and a gush of cum ran out of her. It splattered on the floor and continued to run down her legs as she walked. The guys had really filled her up. I helped her walk slowly to the shower. Her legs were sore and her cunt ached. She cleaned up as best she could and then laid down to rest with a little cum still seeping out of her.
The next day at work the guys were all jerks and let everyone know that they had all screwed my wife in front of me. I won't be inviting them to any more football watching parties at my house.
It took my wife awhile to recover emotionally from her ordeal but things seemed to get better for her. Her business picked up considerably, mostly from guys at my work. I also noticed that she wasn't washing many top sheets from her massages. I slipped into the closet one day to check on things and found that she wasn't draping her clients. I guess all that she had gone through pretty much made her indifferent to seeing nude males. The guy I watched her with tried to get her to give him a blowjob. She refused until he offered a substantial tip. I couldn't believe that she gave him a blowjob and swallowed with no complaint. Now I wonder what else she does for the right price...?