Jack strode through the expansive parklands, through the dappled sunshine below the trees. The June weather was fantastic for a change, and he'd decided to use his day off cooling off in the small but peaceful swimming lake, tucked away in the corner of the park.
He slipped through the foliage into the clearing, the strong sunshine glistening on the water. A patch of soft grass held a nice section of sunshine, perfect to top up his tan. He laid out a towel, then stripped off down to his blue speedo style swimwear. He wanted as full a tan and possible, and he had been squatting heavy as ever recently, so had really developed his quads and hamstrings. He was alone at the lake and sat and enjoyed the peace for a few minutes before springing up and walking towards the water.
Dipping a toe in the water- not warm, but not the coldest either. Gently splashing into knee height slowly the skin adjusted to the water's temperature. Slowly stepping further in, the water was about to reach his balls- it had to happen, so he dove into waist high water. The icy water was so refreshing now he was under.
Coming up for air, Jack laid on his back, bobbing along as his disruption to the placid pond hadn't yet subsided.
This was the life- relaxing lake swims in the gorgeous green foliage during a beautifully sunny summers day. As a gentle breeze whistled through the tree branches and birds chirped mellifluously Jack closed his eyes and just chilled out. The stresses of the last few weeks had taken it out on him, business report deadlines, passive aggressive emails amongst the rest of the modern workplace's relentlessness had driven Jack back to this small corner of nature.
As the chilling water began to become less of a relief and started to cause shivers, Jack swam in a strong front crawl towards his belongings, before climbing out of the water. Drying himself off he regarded his trunks; he hated the clinginess of wet swimming trunks, hence why he chose the slightly more revealing pair of speedos. His mates had had a bit of a chortle at a bank holiday beach trip, but he didn't care, he was much more comfortable, and he was confident enough in his body and himself that he didn't really care what anyone else thought. Indeed, one friends girlfriend had sincerely complimented his confidence- and jack had noticed a few glances at his bulge and thighs.
No one was around, so he considered taking the trunks off, but he knew how busy the lake could be and it was still quite early, so he kept them on, and liberally applied the factor 30. Donning his sunglasses, he settled down to his book and continued his therapeutic morning in nature...
He was disturbed by a crunching of leaves - startled, the natural response was to look up for what caused the disturbance. Set against the greenery stood a shock of red. At what must be around 5'10'' was a pretty, tall woman with long locks of shockingly red hair. Her long legs stood on trainers and were uncovered up to denim shorts that flattered her figure very well. A navy tank top completed her outfit, beautifully setting off her fair features.
"Oh, hi!" she cheerfully exclaimed. As Jack returned the greeting, she walked off to around 15 yards away and set up her towel. He couldn't help but peer through his dark sunglasses at her model like figure. After setting up her towel she shucked off her shoes and wriggled her hips out of her shorts, revealing a plump but smallish arse housed in cheeky black bikini bottoms. Not enough was on show to be classified as a thong, but she was leaving less to the imagination than most ladies did at the lake. Pretending to be engrossed in his book Jack then watched as she lifted the tank from her torso, revealing a matching black bikini top. He didn't get a good look at her chest, but from what he'd seen in the tank top he reckoned they were shapely B-cups, which suited her leggy athletic figure perfectly.
Daintily stepping through the soft grass, Jack was surprised with how suddenly she dove into the water- she obviously didn't mind the cold as much as he did. She sculled and circled the lake, and the water had enveloped her slim lithe figure, so Jack returned to his book for real this time.
A few minutes later and soft splashing led to Jack looking up furtively to see her front for the first time- indeed firm shapely B cup breasts, with a taught toned mid-section. Settling on her blanket she began to apply lotion to her porcelain white skin. Not wanting to seem creepy, although wanting to watch Jack made a point to look extremely interested in the crime thriller laid out in his lap. Then a soft tap on this shoulder... "sorry to interrupt but being a redhead in this weather is no joke- do you mind doing my back?" and the redhead gestured to him with the bottle of factor 50. This close Jack was able to look into a set of piercing green eyes framed by high cheekbones. "Of course..." Jack tailed off as she led him to her towel, handed him the bottle and laid out on her stomach.
"Sorry, I'll get this out of your way". She swept away the copper hair away from her shoulders, exposing her slender neck, with its milky white skin reflecting the suns rays. Squirting the lotion into his hands, Jack used the opportunity to once again admire her pert little arse. He then massaged the lotion into her shoulders, before gently kneading into her delicate neck.
"Lovely day isn't it" she gently voiced. "Absolutely, great day to come for a swim, and not as busy as the weekend" - was Jack really going to waste his chance with this beauty muttering inane weather chat? "I've not been at the weekend before"
"It gets absolutely packed down here. Is that a Scottish accent I hear?"
"I'm afraid it is" she giggled. As Jack finished up, he sat up and they continued to chat about scotch whisky, what brought her to London, and what they'd been watching on Netflix. As the chat tailed off, she interjected "Do you know what? I actually really like a man in speedos."
"Most women don't seem to like them."
"I'm not most women" she purred in her gentle Scottish lilt. Gazing into her eyes, he knew it was time to shoot his shot. She met his lips as they explored each other's mouths intently. The kiss was great, wet, enthusiastic and deep. He left her lips and searched for her slender milky white neck, planting soft flirty kisses, she leaned her head back to accept them, giggling and squealing in delight.
She pulled him back up to her soft mouth and renewed the deep French kissing. Before he knew, her hand was on his crotch, rubbing against his package, which was quickly growing to its full potential. He kissed her neck as it reached full erection. "I think he's trying to escape!" she teased. She playfully pushed him into a lying position before pulling down his trunks, his hard 7-inch cock springing out. Throwing the trunks aside, she gently gripped the base of his shaft before extending her tongue to the base, and then slowly licking up to the glans. Her tongue then skilfully wandered around her glans and urethra, making Jack groan in pleasure. With her wondrous green eyes tantalising him she slowly wrapped her lips around the head and began to give fantastic head, swirling and sucking on his dick. Up and down she went, with complete abandon.
He was getting worryingly close to climax when he gently pulled her off him and told and stood her up on her knees. Untying her bikini, he finally got a glimpse of the puckered, soft, pink nipples she'd been hiding. Taking the right breast into his mouth he sucked longingly, while sliding his hand into her bottoms, quickly finding her clit. She moaned in a soft yet deep tone, as he threw her on her back and tugged off her tiny bikini bottoms. He gently teased her clit with slow, mindful circular movements that ramped up her moaning, before sucking on her engorged button with wet, powerful purpose. Gently sliding two fingers into her pussy, he gently rubbed her upper wall, as her wetness grew, and he knew she was ready.
Lifting her legs he got a look at her wanton gaze, along with those enigmatic green eyes. He gently manoeuvred his cock into her wetness, and she groaned as he filled her up. Gently thrusting at first, he met her mouth and then her neck again, her moans becoming more frequent. His thrusts become quicker and stronger, as her squeals of delight got louder, louder, louder... her body tensed up completely, with her pussy squeezing his cock intently. In a silent expression of ecstasy, her body slumped against him. Her delight was enough to send him over the edge, so he quickly removed his cock and wanked a huge stream of hot white cum onto her firm stomach.
As all but heavy breathing could be heard they shared another deep kiss.
And then, the bushes shook and opened up to reveal a middle-aged couple in socks and sandals. Jack and his new acquaintance just burst out laughing...