CHAPTER 3: THE GIRLS
"Karen... my slut."
Mrs. Baldwin promised to be in touch and she wasn't letting much time go by. Tuesday morning and I was humming in the kitchen cleaning up after a late breakfast. Yes, it took me a moment to notice the cell buzzing on the counter. I was naked with the headphones on. I was distracted. My fingers finding my nipples and wet pussy in between putting things away or into the dishwasher. My mind relaxed but at the same time filled with feelings of service and pleasure I desire to give.
"Good morning, ma'am."
"A couple of the girls are coming over at noon to spend the afternoon around the pool. Did you notice the pool?"
I hadn't. "The girls, ma'am?"
"Yes, James and I know them from our group. We get together now and then. I want them to meet you."
"The pool... I didn't notice, no. We'll be swimming then? I should bring a swimsuit."
She chuckled. It sounds devious. "No... no swimsuit for you. Come wearing a coverup as if you were going to the beach. And sandals. You won't need anything else, dear." My body tingled. Maybe I was getting psychic and that was why I was thinking about service and pleasure...
I was halfway to her house when my cell phone chimed. I looked at the screen that read, 'Ma'am'. I pressed the button, "Yes, ma'am?"
"Karen, would you stop on the way for a couple bottles of wine? I'll reimburse you, of course. Merlot, maybe?"
"Uhmm... ma'am..." I was almost naked. The only cover-up I owned was thin enough to almost be see-through, so short it just barely covered my ass cheeks and only tied at the waist. My large breast moved with my walk. The gap on top plunged down and it gapped on the bottom with each step. I had to knot the tie to keep it in place. But I relented. I committed to doing what they asked. "Yes, ma'am, of course."
I spotted a small liquor store in a strip mall on the way and turned in. I stepped out of the car with my purse and stood behind the open door to adjust the cover-up. Any inch of additional coverage would now be important. The store was empty. An older man worked sorting something behind the counter. There were aisles of wine but I spotted overhead signs indicating wine types and moved to the merlot section. I wondered about the brand. I wasn't wine-savvy, though I drank it. If I was buying it for home, I would look at the lower selves where the prices were less but I was sure Mrs. Baldwin didn't worry about the cost. Besides, I would as soon not be bending over to the lower shelves in this outfit. I settled on a name I recognized that was on the high-moderate price range.
Then, I had a new concern. I moved toward the front of the store and felt my purse slip. With a bottle in each hand, my purse was slung over my shoulder. The leather strap of the purse pulled the slippery material of the cover-up down my shoulder after the second step. That, of course, gapped the top even more. I carefully walked to the counter hoping the strap didn't slip off my shoulder pulling the material with it. The way the man at the counter watched me it was clear he was enjoying the view. I knew my breasts were swaying and jiggling even as I tried controlling my walk. The material was a subdued floral print and I hoped the pattern would conceal the impression of my nipples underneath.
I was shaking by the time I got back to the car. I should have taken my keys out at the counter but didn't. Holding the sack of wine against my left breast, I fumbled in my purse for the keys and, of course, dropped them. I glanced back at the store to find the man standing at the window watching. It was a slow time for him and he had seen enough to be curious. I thought about the reason behind the Mrs. Baldwin's reason for having me do these things and made a decision. What the hell. They wanted me to experience the thrill of almost being seen exposed or, even better if it happened, to be exposed. So, I turned my back to the window and bent over to grasp the keys off the ground... without bending my knees. Just then, a light breeze caused a flutter of the bottom of my cover-up. I knew the combination flashed my ass. As I settled in at the wheel, my heart was pounding and my hard nipples were pressing against the fabric. The man was still standing at the window watching, a smile on his face. As I put the car into reverse, I wiggled my fingers at him feeling like a terrible tease. What an amazing feeling!
I pulled into the curved drive at the Baldwin home and stopped behind two much nicer cars already there. Again, as I approached the door, Mrs. Baldwin opened the door. She had large sunglasses pushed up on top of her head, her blonde hair tied back in a ponytail. Her trim body I had come to know so intimately only days before was barely covered in the tiny bikini she wore. She took my purse from my shoulder and dropped it on the bench by the door, then kissed me full on the lips while one hand slid up my body from my hip to encase a breast. The excitement of flashing the man at the store instantly was re-ignited and I returned her kiss with passion.
She led me straight through the house to the back. The pool was located beyond a covered patio area containing a grilling station which might have been the reason I did see it Sunday morning. Clearing the covered patio, I saw two more women. Mrs. Baldwin opened one bottle of wine at the grilling station and we each took two glasses out to the pool area. She introduced us. Barb is about 30 years old, black hair cut to her shoulders, also a trim body wearing an equally skimpy bikini. Jan looks somewhere between us in age, longish blonde hair, wearing a bikini but covering a little bit more. She is also in good shape. Both women, like Mrs. Baldwin, have C-cup breasts.
Mrs. Baldwin takes my glass and sets it on a table between two lounge chairs and wastes no time in pull the tie of my cover-up and slipping it off. Once again, I am the only one naked, though the other women aren't far from it. Barb stands and takes up a tube of sunscreen.
"My, my... look at those white tits. Somebody hasn't let those girls out to play in the sun."
Jan has now risen, too. Mrs. Baldwin has stepped back a bit. Apparently, she intends to just watch whatever is about to happen. What is about to happen is the two women squeezing lotion onto their hands and rubbing it into my entire body. I soon have two sets of hands rubbing my body. Though every inch of me is covered, the two women are spending far more time and interest on my larger breasts, my ass, and mound, all of which are quite white as Barb declared. And, she was right about my exposure to the sun. Exposure to the sun means potential exposure to some of the world and that could never have happened before. Although I had a two-piece suit, these women would find its modesty curious.
Jan was focused on my mound with the lotion but after spreading it over my exposed skin, her attention shifted to what wasn't exposed. With two fingers, she stroked on either side of my slit. She squeezed her first and third fingers together as she stroked, pressing my lips together and putting pressure on my clit. Barb was now rolling my nipples with one hand and stroking a finger between my ass cheeks, gliding over my asshole. Nobody had ever touched me there before and it was now feeling very erotic. It was, of course, magnified by the attention Jan was putting into touching my pussy. My legs had opened to the attention from both sides. Jan now added the use of the second finger which slid along my slit while the other two squeezed. It sent a shiver through me as her fingers pressed on my clit from the sides and top. Then, her finger pressed between my lips and I groaned as it slid down and into my hole.
My body tightened. The finger in my pussy, slowly moving in and out felt amazing. It was just a finger compared to all that had happened in the recent days, but I was outside, naked with women I didn't know, yet I felt at peace with it all. Mrs. Baldwin clearly wanted this to happen and I responded with easy compliance. No thought. No understanding. No worry. Some embarrassment at being so openly manipulated but no worries.
Then, it escalated. Barb's finger at my ass pressed against my asshole and slipped past the tight ring of muscle to gently probe inside like Jan's in my pussy. I groaned, gasped, and shivered. My eyes closed and my mouth sagged open as a new sensation erotically coursed through me. My legs became weak and I felt an additional pair of hands on my arms giving support. Then, the fingers were gone. I felt suddenly empty and frustrated as I was guided to a lounge where I collapsed.
I heard Jan's words through the fog that had come over me and I blushed. "You're right, Abby. She is hot and responsive. She instantly juiced up before I could even enter her."
Mrs. Baldwin was standing next to me. I looked up at her, squinting into the sunny sky to focus on her face. She was smiling. "Very good, Karen." She handed me my wine. "We are going to have a lot of fun with you."
It sounded ominous but it didn't feel that way to me. She lightly touched my breast and caressed it. She looked across me to her two friends as her fingers caressed me. I focused on her as she spoke to them. "Yes, James and I also discovered how responsive she is. You'd be surprised that she is actually quite naïve and inexperienced in sex but she is very willing and committed to serve and pleasure as James and I desire her to. I want you two to assist me in introducing her to female-on-female sex." I blushed deeper. I could feel the warmth flooding my body and electrifying every erotic nerve ending. She turned her eyes and we locked onto each other. "You were a good submissive last weekend." A prideful smile formed on my mouth and my body tingled more. "You pleased James and me. Now, you'll please my friends and me." It wasn't a question or request. It was a statement, if not a command. "Though you showed you are indeed willing, you are too inexperienced to be called a slut, yet. You want to be more than submissive, you want to be our slut?"
My nipples became so hard they almost hurt. My pussy flooded and I felt moisture escape my lips and trickle down. "Yes, ma'am! My most earnest desire is to be able to please you and Mr. Baldwin in every possible way you might conjure up."
She used her index finger and thumb to take hold of a nipple. She pulled on it, extending it from my breast. She twisted it. She pinched it hard. I winced at the torment but my eyes remained focused on hers. She smiled at my response and I felt a glow of my own. "You will find that some measure of pain can be very erotic, too. But... that is not the lesson for today." She looked past me, again, at her friends. "These ladies are not only my friends but are a part of a group of people where James and I share sexual exploration and each other. The three of us are bisexual and enjoy the female body as much as a hard cock. Today, you will begin learning what that feels like and how to also please a woman." Her eyes back to me, "You did well last weekend but there is more to learn."
"Yes, ma'am. I am yours to use and instruct." She smiled and kissed me. I said it with a smile and excitement in my eyes because that was what was coursing through my body and mind. This feeling, this desire, this need to serve and please the Baldwins consumed me and I was very much aware of my shortcoming in experience and knowledge but that awareness was balanced with the enthusiasm of a new student to a subject that captivates her. That is me, self-motivated to experience and learn, to be molded into the shape of the kind of submissive slut Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin imagined.
She looked to her friends and asked, "Ladies, how shall we begin?"
Barb, with the black hair, excitedly offered, "A daisy chain." Mrs. Baldwin agreed, a good start for someone new, she agreed.
The other women quickly stripped off their bikinis, which took no time. Cushions were pulled from the lounges and arranged together on the tiled surface that surrounded the pool. The women lay down on their right sides all facing inward and did seem to form a circle or square, maybe. There was an open space between Jan and Barb. As I got into position, Barb raised her left leg exposing her pussy. The other women did the same thing and what was happening hit me. All four of us would be eating a pussy as our own was being eaten. I wondered if the arrangement was purposeful on Mrs. Baldwin's part to provide me with the immediate experience of tasting a new pussy or if it was happenstance. Either way, I was indeed getting the opportunity to sample my second pussy. As Jan's lips and tongue made contact with my open pussy, my own mouth began sampling Barb's pussy.
I was lost in the moment, instantly. All four of us were shaved. What hit me was the difference even visually. Barb's pussy lips seemed lower and tighter somehow, though I was pretty sure this had nothing to do with the amount of intercourse involved. I might, in time, become more aware of pussy types but for now, I just applied myself and enjoyed the feeling being given by Jan. From the tight circle of mouths munching on pussies came an increasing chorus of muffled sighs, groans, moans, and panting. I focused on a mantra Mrs. Baldwin supplied just days before: the best lovers focus solely on their current partner. I was focused only on increasing the pleasure sounds escaping from Barb, though my own sounds of pleasure sometimes made that hard to discern.
There was a slow untangling of bodies. Where and who started it, I wasn't sure but Jan's lips left my pussy and Barb rolled onto her back separating her pussy from my mouth. I took a moment to savor the erotic tingling slowly ebbing and from the collective sighs, I gathered the other women were doing the same.
Then, "Karen, I think we need more wine."
I rolled to my knees and stood. "Yes, ma'am." I looked down at the women who for a moment remained sprawled with arms to the side and legs open. Each pussy was glistening with juice and saliva. When I returned with a tray of filled glasses, I wondered what she had in store for me if I wasn't also drinking. The women had replaced each cushion to the lounges and were reclined with sunglasses in place. As I bent to hand a glass to Mrs. Baldwin, she pulled me down and whisper instructions. While they relaxed, I was to move from woman to woman eating pussy and wait for further instruction.
Over the weekend, I was used but had not been instructed to serve in a non-sexual way. I had a feeling that was changing. Today, I will be serving them while availing myself for sexual stimulation.
After handing Barb her glass of wine, I placed the tray on the ground, parted her legs, and knelt between them on the lounger. She watched me as I dutifully lowered my face to her crotch, my tongue extending to lick the length of her already wet and open pussy. She sighed and put her head back, not sipping from her glass until I kissed her pussy lips, clit, and the insides of her thighs before moving to Jan, the next in line.
As I knelt between Jan's legs and resumed eating another pussy, I could feel the sun beating on my naked back and butt. The women had been teasing me at the first sight of my white breasts and ass but it was also very true. My body had been treated conservatively, never exposed to sun or air except in the privacy of the bedroom or shower. Now... my body was at the discretion of others. I moved from lounge chair to lounge chair, kneeling between spread legs to eagerly lap, tongue, and suck on the next pussy. In a way, I began treating this as a Pussy 201 course after my first experience with Mrs. Baldwin on the weekend (Pussy 101). As diligently as I applied myself to the pussies at hand, I also availed myself of the opportunity to inspect the similarities and differences. They all had similar smells with slight variations that I wouldn't attempt to guess the reason. All tasted similar, again with the slight variations. I noticed that Barb's pussy had small open outer lips while Jan's were small and closed. Mrs. Baldwin's pussy outer lips were open with the inner lips exposed inside... just like mine... I've spent time lately inspecting mine.
When Mrs. Baldwin called a halt to my efforts as the wine was drained, I meekly asked for more protective lotion.
"Good idea, dear. Nothing is gained by you becoming sunburned. In time, you'll be tanned." True. All three women had nearly lineless tans. Nudity was obviously something they enjoyed frequently outside and a private pool made that possible, though I doubted this was the only place they practiced it.
It was time for the pool and it felt good after so much sun on my light skin. I became the center of attention, of course, in very short order. They seemed to relish touching and probing me and watching my nervous reaction to the assault of hands and fingers over every erogenous part of my body. They trapped me between them and I soon had my breasts and nipples being mauled while my pussy was being pummeled with three fingers and one in my asshole. It was the first time I was seriously assaulted there and it sent a serious shiver through my body.
The pool was only to cool off, though, as it turned out. As the women reclined to dry off in the sun, I refilled wine glasses and served them. There was some serious build-up of sexual tension and it was obvious on all of them... and me... as I served their needs. As they sipped from their glasses, I offered strawberries and mixed cut-up fruit. Barb made a show of examining a large strawberry, then instructing me to part my legs. That drew the attention of the other women. Her fingers slowly brought the strawberry to my open legs and pussy. She moved the berry over my lips front to back. I was super-charged sexually and it didn't take much more for the soft berry to part my outer lips, then inner lips as she applied gentle pressure. I felt the berry open my hole. She left it there and pointed to Jan. I made an assumption of what was expected. Based on everything else, it seemed like a valid assumption. I turned and stepped over the lounger Jan was reclined in, shuffled to her head, and lowered my body to her mouth. Her tongue probed my pussy, then a finger slipped inside, hooked the trapped berry, and pulled it out into her mouth.
A short discussion ensued about the flavor resulting in Jan repeating it and sending me to Mrs. Baldwin. She, perhaps more confident in using me, took longer in seeking the berry. She relied more on trying to suck the berry out while adding an assault on my clitoris by pinching, pressing, and twisting it roughly. By the time she inserted her finger to retrieve the berry, I was close to an orgasm. I moved on wobbly legs back to Barb with another berry inside me. She must have been paying attention as she too devoted effort to just sucking while her fingers assaulted my nipples in the same way. I was sent along the line in this manner until I exploded in an orgasm. I shook so hard. I came over to Mrs. Baldwin and she later told me she watched my pussy open and close as the orgasm coursed through me. I found myself leaning on my arms braced against the head of the lounger, my legs threatening to fold under me. She pulled me down on top of her and wrapped me in her arms. She whispered soft, encouraging words into my ear telling me there was something especially erotic and exciting to have a beautiful mature woman given in to her sexual pleasure. I weakly glowed with my face buried in her long hair. An inner voice exulted to me, 'She's happy with you! You please her!'
The moment was exulting but she had more in store for me. She encouraged me off, rose, and took my hand. She led me to the house and the other women followed. There was more to this afternoon than had previously penetrated my mind. There was an almost orchestrated element to what was happening when the women all moved to shoulder bags they had brought. Each dug into the bags and came out with dildos with straps attached. I had heard about these but nothing in my controlled life with Gerald had prepared me for it. Mrs. Baldwin called out my name... slut. Hearing the word, I turned to find her exiting the family room for the stairs. She was taking us up to the bedroom and the other two women stood naked with their strap-ons in hand behind me with leering, hungry looks. The looks could have been seen on predatory wolves fixed on a slab of red meat or... predatory women fixed on a new recipient for use and abuse.
In the bedroom, the bed was already turned down. This was planned. Why was this more about me than them? Wasn't I the one to please them? I was to obey and submit, though, not to question. I watched with some trepidation as Mrs. Baldwin went to the bottom drawer of her dresser. The drawer was full of sexual toys. I spotted a huge, black dildo and hoped she didn't choose that. I was surprised when she pulled out one that was small. All the women slipped them up their legs and strapped them tight to their bodies. Mrs. Baldwin's captured my attention, though. It was as long as the others but narrower and formed with a series of balls along its length. I was confused.
Mrs. Baldwin bent over the open drawer and took out a tube. She squeezed some into her hand and smearing it over the oddly shaped dildo. The other women didn't do that. Strange. The thinner dildo would be easier to penetrate me, wouldn't it?
I was instructed to get on the bed on my hands and knees, which I quickly complied with. I felt the bed move after I was in position and looked behind me to find Barb moving up behind me on her knees, one hand guiding the artificial phallus strapped to her hips, her other hand patting the insides of my thighs. I obediently opened my kneeling position and felt the head of the dildo press against my pussy. As wet as I was, the head easily penetrated and slid several inches in. It was about the size of Mr. Baldwin, which was considerably larger than Gerald and would learn later to be larger than average. I sighed at the initial penetration and continued to as Barb began a short motion of back and in, the dildo moving in further each time. I felt her hip impact my ass as she drove firmly the rest of the way in. I groaned at the final push reaching deep inside me. For several minutes, she maintained a steady, easy, smooth in and out stroke creating delicious feelings sliding through my pussy. I began clamping my pussy down around it, an action Mr. Baldwin had suggested while fucking me on the weekend. Though Barb couldn't feel what I was doing, it was good practice and Mr. Baldwin might be pleased. After minutes of easy fucking of me, Barb pulled almost all the way out of my hungry pussy then slammed full depth strongly and powerfully. It took my breath away. The suddenness of the change was exhilarating. She continued to pound into me, her thighs smacking into my ass with each powerful thrust. An orgasm was rising steadily. My head sagged and I glimpsed my breast swinging and swaying beneath me as she drove into my pussy and pounded my body forward. My eyes closed but quickly popped back open as I felt hands on me. Hands at my breasts and fingers at my clit. Both other women had joined us on the bed, their sole focus being me. I gasped as an orgasm continued to build inside me. I was supposed to be the one giving pleasure but they were solely focused on me, using me but in a way that wouldn't bring them self-pleasure or release. That concern vanished as an orgasm exploded within me. I cried out through gasps and pants. My entire body seemed to quake as the woman continued to fuck me and the other women were relentless in stimulating, tormenting, my nipples and clitoris.
My legs and arms were shaky as Barb pulled the artificial cock from my drooling, quivering pussy. I started to sag down to the bed when I was sternly instructed not to. They weren't nearly done with me, I heard. I braced myself. Barb pulled free and crawled on the bed to my side as Jan took her place behind me. Her strapped-on artificial cock slipped into my pussy with ease. My eyes closed as a low, guttural, sighing moan escaped my throat. It had seemed identical to the one Barb used and I was immediately full, again. As Jan immediately began thrusting powerfully into me, after one thrust sank her dildo cock fully in and our bodies smacked together. I felt a hand on my chin, lifting it. I opened my eyes to find Barb's cock coated with my juices only inches from my face. My mouth opened instinctively and it passed through my lips.
My breasts had resumed their swinging beneath me as cocks now occupied both my pussy and mouth. My left breast was grasped by another hand and I heard Mrs. Baldwin's voice near my head. "Get a good taste of that cock, slut. You've tasted all our pussies, now taste your own."
The smell. The taste. This was my pussy. I moaned loudly. Yes, I was being fucked from both ends but... my pussy tasted good, too!
Mrs. Baldwin shifted next to me. I couldn't look with the cock moving in my mouth. Then I felt it... lips at my nipple. She was underneath and her lips were now clamped around my nipple, suckling, chewing, and nipping. Her hand moved down my stomach to my crotch. She caressed along my pussy as the cock rammed in and out. Her fingers rubbed and rolled my clit, pinched it, pulled it. I felt it rising in me, again. So quickly. So powerfully. The cocks moving in and out. Her teeth biting my nipple. Her fingers pinching and twisting my clit... my breath was lost to me as if a vacuum was created inside. I tried crying out but nothing happened with the cock jammed to the back of my mouth to the entrance to my throat and the other cock jammed deep inside me. All that eventually came of my mouth was a gurgling mix of moans, groans, sighs, and cries all jumbled together and muffled with a half-gagging throat reflex.
My body shook so hard I couldn't help myself. My arms and legs collapsed. I landed on top of Mrs. Baldwin but I wasn't even conscious of that. My muscles quaked and shivered as the orgasm ripped through me. I was vaguely aware of being pushed over so Mrs. Baldwin could escape. I was, also, vaguely aware of giggles surrounding me.
I was still foggy when I felt hands moving me and Mrs. Baldwin's assertive voice. "Not time to rest, yet, slut. Hands and knees. My turn."
My body struggled up. It was as if my body didn't require my mind to be in control. It was as if her voice initiated some sort of audio switch inside me. Her voice, her instruction, her command resulted in my body struggling to my knees, then my arms and hands underneath me, and, finally, my back straightening, and my knees spreading wide. I heard her say, good girl, and warmth flowed through my body and mind. A small but motivating affirmation.
I felt her hand on my hip. I felt hands at my breasts. Something nudged my lips and I opened them without thought or intent. The artificial cock passed into my mouth and over my tongue. My pussy. I recognized the taste of my pussy. I anticipated my pussy being filled, again. But it wasn't my pussy that was being pressed. Something was pressing at my asshole. My eyes flew open. My asshole? My asshole! My mind flashed the image of the odd dildo she had strapped on her hips. It was smaller in diameter with nobs on it. It must be for anal... oh, God... the gel... lubrication... oh, God.
I felt pressure building against that tight, puckered opening. My body wasn't ready for this. This wasn't meant to happen... was it? Do people do this? Of course, they must... they are doing it to me. They have toys for this.
A hand snaked under me and over my pussy as the dildo continued to gently press at my unyielding hole. The hand slid over my clit, between my wet, yielding lips, and into my pussy. A second finger quickly followed and the dildo at my asshole popped through the constriction of my sphincter. I cried out around the dildo in my mouth. My heart raced and my breathing became ragged. Just one of the bulbs of the toy was inside me. Mrs. Baldwin paused as my pussy and breasts were stimulated. Then, more pressure. The second, then third, and fourth bulb each popped inside my ass. I couldn't remember how many there were. Were there more? Then a fifth entered me. Each seemed bigger than the previous one. Then the toy pressed in deeper with another bulb. My, God... what a feeling. A different kind of full feeling. So obscene. So amazing. Anal. Yes, this is what anal is like. Mrs. Baldwin set into a smooth stroke into my ass. Several bulbs pulled out and stroked back in. My sphincter wasn't closing tight, anymore. She stroked in and out, my ass clamping around the invading toy. My pussy, clit, breasts, and nipples are being stimulated as the dildo in my mouth also move in and out, sliding over my lips and tongue.
I could feel another orgasm rising. My, God... another? Was this from being fucked anally? Did it even work that way? Or was this from the other stimulation? Or the combination? My mind cried out, who the fuck cares! Fuck me. As my orgasm rose inside, my mind receded. I no longer cared what was happening as long as it continued to happen. I loved the feeling. I loved being fucked. I loved these orgasms. I wanted more and I wanted it all. This was what a slut was? I wanted it!
As the orgasm crashed over me, I could no longer control my body. I collapsed to the bed and let my body shiver and shake as wave after wave of orgasmic electric pulses and bliss washed through and over me. As I collapsed, the toy in my ass was pulled out of me and I felt every inch of it as my ass closed around the toy as it moved.
Minutes later, I rolled onto my back. The three naked women with their obscene, artificial cocks still strapped on surrounded me. Their fingers immediately returned to my sprawled body. My breasts, stomach, and pussy were all gently, softly caressed as I returned to the real world from whatever blissful place I had escaped to.
Providing service to the women by bringing drinks and snacks, etc. while being available for sexual use was a new step. I wondered if it was a foretelling of what might be coming or if this was the women, only. As I drove home, though, a shiver of excitement told me something about myself. Actively, submissively serving as opposed to the acts of giving pleasure and being used for pleasure, seemed to provide a feeling of fulfillment independent of the sexual acts. The act of providing for and attending to had its own satisfaction beyond any sexual. Where was this taking me? My curiosity, my interest was not idle. I was anxious, excited to find out.