I was just finishing up trying on summer clothes when the man came into my dressing room at Kohls. The door didn't have a lock. He was calm and poised like he had done this many times before. I still had my shirt off but I had on my blue nylon running shorts and my underwear but nothing else.
"Hey what the fuck? Get out of here, mister!" I whispered loudly, not wanting to cause a scene. It was a Monday afternoon back in 1995 and I was on summer vacation, 18 years old just bumming around our small mid-western town. I was getting new clothes for the summer soccer camp that would be starting soon. The man in my dressing room looked familiar but I couldn't place him.
"Listen here, kid. The store employees said they saw you bring a bag in here. I need to see if you have store property in there, okay?" The man was heavy set, early forties maybe with dark hair and hairy forearms and had on a gaudy gold watch and chains. He reeked of tobacco and garlic.
"I don't have nothing on me. You can look in the bag, there." I motioned to my shopping basket resting on the floor by the mirror. The guy was checking me out and I felt my dick move around a little bit in my white thong, but hoped he didn't see. I was not really gay, but bisexual. I hadn't made a move on any man before. The idea was always hot when I was super horny but when the real thing came around I was straight all of a sudden. I was just a confused young man going through a phase, is what my momma told me. Daddy wasn't around so maybe that made me a bit gay too, I dunno.
The security guard rummaged in my basket and let the items fall to the floor. He was a sloppy guy in a hurry. He turned to me and ordered me to put my hands behind my back. I did so willingly, not to make anything into a big deal. I was innocent, I had nothing to hide.
"Wait. Let me put my shirt on. I came in with this one on." I grabbed my white-shirt and threw it on over my head covering my pale body. I didn't have much body hair but I was ginger. It was suddenly too cold in here with the guard, I felt goose bumps run up my arms. I totally forgot my shoes and socks but I could come get them later. The guard stood watching me, hands on his hips and then led me out of the change room towards the rear of the building. We passed a mother and her son and I heard her tell him, "See, that's what you get. Don't stick anything in your pockets, boy I swear."
"Where are we going?" I tried to act casual but my voice cracked.
"To the loss prevention room. I have you on video, kid. You're so busted!" He emphasized the last word and I chuckled. I hadn't stolen anything, besides I was still in the store, I did not even leave yet!
"You think theft is a joke? You can get time for that kid, the store presses charges on all shoplifters! In here, this way." He pushed me through a swing door and then opened a large wooden door and directed me to some folding chairs around a cluster of TV monitors. High tech stuff for the 1990s.
"Woah, you can't have cameras in the changing rooms!" I was staring at the monitors and sure enough they had cameras everywhere, even inside of the restrooms. I knew that was definitely illegal.
"Shut up kid. What's your name? I need it for the report." He sat in the chair by the TVs, opening the desk drawer and pulled out a sheet of paper and a pen. I was sitting across from the desk in a white folding chair. He hadn't bothered to handcuff me, I was free to run.
"Uh, Robin. Robin James. I'm 18, sir." My feet were cold on the tile floor and remembered my sandals back in the dress room. I hoped no body mistook them for store property and tried to find a place for them on the shelf. The officer was busy scribbling down notes, occasionally looking up at the TVs, completely ignoring me.
"Ok, Mr. James. Here's the deal-eo. You have been caught on camera trying to hide store items on your person in the dressing room. That's petty theft. You need to give those items back so I can show police. Give it up." Now he was looking at me, pen down on the desk, both of his hands in his lap. He tried to command authority but he seemed soft to me.
"I don't know what you mean, sir. I have nothing on but my own clothes. What am I accused of taking?" I stood and lifted my shirt, showing my waist, nothing was tucked into my waistband. He shook his head and rolled up his sleeves, again trying to act macho.
"Take off your pants, son. You stuffed the items down there." I froze and shook my head,
"No sir, I will not. And you can't touch me either." Taking a seat again I drew my legs up to my body and crossed them. I was short for my age and it wasn't hard to do, plus I was flexible as I played soccer and tennis often. I was feeling violated but also very turned on at the same time.
"Have it your way. When the cops get here they'll just do it themselves. I'll make a note that you were uncooperative, I'm sure the judge will like that. Young boy like you in the county jail? Nice red head of hair you have there, sonny. The fellas in there will have a go at you a bet within an hour." The officer was a pervert too, I should have guessed.
"I'm not gay sir. I don't appreciate the implication." He stood up and came at me fast, towering over me.
"Take off your pants and underwear or I will do it for you. You're wasting my time. You really think I want to do this shit? And all of this goddamn paper work? Fuck no." The guy was out of breath from his speech and it was pathetic. I sat in the chair, my arms and legs crossed, not making a move.
"No sir. I will not do that."
"Have it your way." He moved his hands and pulled me up by my shirt collar and pulled it up from the back and over my head, letting it rest tight on my upper chest. I barely had time to react and then he pushed me against the cinderblock wall, cold, and pulled my shorts down. Cold office air on my butt cheeks which instantly made my nipples hard. I was wearing my white cotton thong, actually it was one of my mothers I took from the clothes hamper earlier this week. She had so many pairs she wouldn't notice one missing. The thong was pulled up my butt crack like a g-string and in the front there was just enough room for my cock and balls. When I got hard it would slide out to the right, hanging wild and free but not right now, thank God. I was shaved smooth as a whistle, it made masturbation more intense and pleasurable. I was pretty sure where this was going and I hoped at least he didn't hurt me for the sake of it. Some people were jerks just because they could get away with it.
"You, you can't do that!" I was red in the face I knew, my arms pinned above my head with only a scrap of white cotton between my ass and him.
I imagined my pale cheeks on either side of the thong digging into my ass. I have a nice butt I know, not quite a bubble but it has some meat and bounce to it. I wanted him to grab my ass, say something dirty like how he'd teach me a lesson, make me think twice. My small penis was getting hard now, very hard and pushing against the cotton and the cold wall in front of me. I wanted to free it and give it a tug, I knew I would cum so fast. I wanted to see it spray the wall, give the gray paint some new color as my semen ran down. God I needed to cum soon, I was going crazy.
"Don't move. Keep those hands up. I'll make it fast, okay son?" He kept calling me son which gave me the creeps. His hands went to either side of the white thong and slid it down off my slender waist and to the floor around my ankles. The cold office air tingled my whole body, another shiver. My penis was so hard it hurt, it curved upwards towards the ceiling.
"Turn around, keep those hands up!" He was calmer now, his demeanor that of the victor and I was the defeated. I wanted him so bad. Any man. Anyone. Just start fooling around and let me cum.
"Sir, please, I'm naked." My voice cracked again. I pressed my cock against the wall again, hard, trying to make it go down but it didn't. What would he say about that? Would he beat me? Ridicule me?
"Turn around, son. Let me see you." He was so matter of fact, it drove me crazy.
I turned around, it was weird with my hands up but I did as I was told and he saw Robin James in all my 18 year old glory. I had shaved my cock and balls yesterday and with the lotion I was smooth with no razor burn. I have a small penis but I like it, 3 inches limp and 5 when hard. I'm quite thick, almost as thick as my wrist when fully erect. Like an actor in the middle of the stage, my penis the center of attention. It was rock solid, bouncing slightly with my elevated heart rate. It needed to be touched so badly I knew I was flush again, my cheeks burned.
"Where are the goods? The CD player and the discs? I know you have them, boy." I laughed at the accusation.
"Please sir. I have nothing." His face got dark and mean.
"You give up the property right now or I'm going to teach queers like you a lesson." He let me be and went to his desk, locking the wooden door as he passed. Going to a file cabinet he brought out a black nightstick, like the batons the cops have. Was he really going to beat me up for a CD player?
"Sir, I'm not gay. I'm not queer either." I slowly let my hands down and put them on his desk, warily watching him. My anus felt weird, like it was cold but also getting warm. I knew my body was warming up for some action, even if my mind hadn't caught up yet.
"Sure you are. Shaved cock. Wearing ladies underwear. You gay boy, whether you admit it or not. I bet you thought you could seduce me. You fags are all the same. You're not the first boy I've had back here for shoplifting. You were going to bribe me somehow. Offer to suck my penis or something queer. I know your type." He was tapping the end of the baton into his open palm threateningly. That made little sense as I was the naked one and he was still fully clothed. If anything he was trying to seduce me!
"No sir, but this is sort of gay. I'm naked as the day I was born." I sat on his desk facing him, my feet nearly touching his black slacks. I leaned back and started to stroke myself, very slowly. I was limp from all the talking now but my cock sprang back to life at my gentle touch. Slowly I grew hard as his eyes were locked on to my penis. I was stroking faster now, my hand touching my shaved balls on the way down and then all the way back up to my glans. I was circumcised and always very sensitive to touch. It felt so incredibly good, I licked my lips and watched his eyes move around my body.
"That does look good." He spoke absent-mindedly like I wasn't even in the room. I began tugging in earnest, the familiar veins popped on my shaft and I felt my butthole get aroused and wet. He was locked in a spell staring at my dick when I reached out for his belt and took down his pants. With no resistance I found his very large and hairy penis. It was much thicker and longer than mine but it was still hanging limp. I knew he might react at any moment and I went to my knees and began to take him in my mouth, my first cock. He was sweaty and a bit of body odor but not that bad.
"You really don't need to call the cops, sir. Really you don't." I slurped on his thick rod.
His penis responded instantly, getting hard and swelling up at the base. He was thick at the bottom and it tapered up to the head, a rather smooth mushroom tip with hardly any ridge. I couldn't fit him all in my mouth without gagging but I tried several times. I felt his hands on my shoulders as he slowly lowered himself on to the chair, me still eagerly sucking his penis. God, he tasted so good I wanted this moment to last! I was really getting into it but I felt my erection go back down, my body can only focus on so much at a time. I could get it up again later, the thought comforted me as I sucked on the head of his penis. I knew that would be very intense for him, very pleasurable.
"You taste so good, sir. Let me keep sucking you. Please, sir. Please." He sighed and fully relaxed in the chair, his legs spread wide giving me complete access to his genitals. God had blessed him with a hammer in his pants and I was going to make him forget all about any theft. Focus on the redhead boy on his knees completely nude sucking your cock. He's a bad young man, he's your slave and will do whatever you tell him to. I tried to deep throat him, getting half way down and then gagged.
"Don't talk, just suck." A hand on my head encouraged me and I tried to deep throat him again but it was just too big. He was so lucky to have a big penis. I got made fun of in the school locker rooms and that hurt my feelings. My tongue barely touched his ballsack when I put him all the way in.
"It's too big, sir. Your cock is..." he pushed my head back down and I focused on sucking him hard but slow. Extra attention to his cock head as my hands grabbed his balls tightly away from his body. He moaned and sighed deep, I felt his cock swell a bit more in my mouth. My jaw was starting to ache, he was a tight fit the more of him I got in my mouth, his thickness put me to shame.
I was blowing the Kohls security guard at 4 pm on a monday afternoon. It wasn't how I thought the day would go but I was living one of my fantasies and even though now and then I was disgusted with myself I kept sucking. I was determined to have him finish in my mouth. I had tasted my own cum, semen, several times but wanted to taste a real man's ejaculation. I wondered if he tasted like how he smelled, garlic and tobacco. How much cum would there be? A dribble or a gush all over my face as I struggled to swallow all of it? I hoped he would be rough and grab my hair and force me to gag on his rod as he shot his load down my ginger throat.
He kept shifting in the chair and finally he stood, his erection hitting me right in the forehead as he bent me over the desk and grabbed a little glass bottle of KY Jelly from his desk drawer. Without much effort he let it drip on his cock, down his head on to the shaft and then let some drip on my ass, using his cock to slide some of the lube down to my anus. He was fast on the trigger and found my hole easily, put the tip at the entrance and pushed against me.
"Don't say a word. When I'm done get dressed and leave the store. Don't come back, ever." He pushed himself inside of me and it was so painful. I had fucked my ass with a rubber cock I had stolen from a sex store, pushing it inside of my ass with no lube when I was fully turned on in my bedroom. Now though, even with the generous lube, he was so massive it felt like I was being split in two. I was sure I was bleeding but moaned and lay forward on the desk, my left leg up and over it the corner. He had good access to my anus and pulled out rather quickly. My anus closed up as he pulled out, a popping sound. My body was traumatized but wanted more, a resolution, a conclusion to this affair.
When he pulled out it was relieving but I knew he was putting on more lube and would do it again, which he did. This time he reached around my waist and began pulling on my cock, it got hard fast. He was rough but knew what he was doing, stroking my shaft aggressively fast, the balls got hit each time he came down. I felt like I could cum if he kept that up. A real reach around, my first!
My anus was relaxing and he put a hand on the small of my back and again pushed inside me. It still hurt but I was ready for it and he kept filling up my slender, athletic 5 ft frame. He pushed and pushed until I felt it stop and my anus relaxed a bit, all of him was inside of me. The sensation was indescribable, but basically a lot of pain and occasional pleasure as he slid in and out in little strokes. Most of my pleasure came from the sick thoughts in my head. If momma ever knew I had done this she would cast me out. Everyone in town would know! I would have to lie and say it was rape, that I didn't want it and the bad man forced himself on me. I had never stolen anything and he was just a gay man who liked to intimidate and hurt young men, I was the victim. Those thoughts kept me hard as he fucked me, the waves of pleasure felt so good I was on the edge of cumming the whole time.
I didn't really fuck myself with the rubber cock at home as much as just stick it in and grind up and down on it a bit while jacking off. I knew he would start pounding me and I worried how much it would hurt but he was very slow. He moved back and forth but his penis barely moved in me. A little rock in the boat in the ocean but he was so big I felt it none the less. I moaned my pleasure and grabbed my shaved testicles, kneading it in my hand, trying to relax my anus like earlier.
I started to moan low like a girl would and he put his hands on my hips and began thrusting into my pale ass. It did speed up and hurt, more pain than pleasure but I was imagining his thick cock spurting warm cum into my asshole and that thought got me through the pounding. His balls never slapped my ass but he was nearly pulling out then pushing all of his girth back in, slowly each time. He was a gentle lover. If he was rough with me I would probably have blood running down my legs.
The officer pulled out and pushed me to the floor, I regained my composure and began to suck his cock. It tasted earthy, my ass, and I swirled my tongue on his head quickly, wanting his seed but dared not to speak. He grabbed the back of my bowl-cut head and rammed me against his groin, he twitched aggressively and came in my mouth. I had literally no room to swallow with his 9 inch sausage in my mouth so I held it in the back of my throat. He shot his load in 1 huge spurt and then was face fucking me getting the rest of it out. There were several cumshots down my throat, eager and willing to swallow whatever he had to give me. When the pace slowed and his breathing relaxed I kept sucking, knowing the pleasure would be very intense. He moaned and called me a good boy and patted my head like a loyal dog. As I swallowed all that I could I felt some on my face, I had spluttered like a drowning man and it had coated my face!
He didn't taste like much, rather like my own cum. Salty, a bit like chlorine water. It wasn't something I really fell in love with but the act of being his bitch was what got me off. Again like a girl, I licked my fingers and ran my tongue over my lips nodding my head at him. That was exactly what he needed and even though I didn't cum I would soon later.
The officer was staring directly at me and I felt like the clarity was coming back into is eyes so I got to my feet. My knees were killing me but I quickly hopped into my underwear and shorts, holding them together and jumping into them at the same time. I ran out the doors and back to the change room where I fixed my shirt and put on my socks and sandals in record time. A quick glance in the mirror and I saw two big globs of yellow-ish semen on either side of my face! Officer guy must have been saving that load for a naughty twink like me for a while! I wiped the cum with the back of my hand and on to the mirror and walked out the front doors, not bothering to see who was around or checking out.
Maybe I would bring my rubber cock with me to the swimming hole tomorrow where I liked to lay on the grass nude and tan? As I grew up I learned I was a masturbation exhibitionist. I liked the idea of being caught, or someone else seeing me and getting turned on by it. I kept myself shaved constantly and tugging on my penis in public behind a stone wall or around a corner of a building got me to cum so incredibly hard. My pants would be around my ankles and my thong to the side as I pulled on my penis, getting closer and closer to finishing was a huge rush. But I knew I was 18 now and getting caught doing that would be a bad thing so I had stopped for now. Being nude in nature was enough for me. Rubbing one out and cumming in my mouth or on some vegetation as I teased my balls with a handful of leaves was heaven to me.
Rubbing the rubber cock against my anus would feel so good as I relived this moment alone in nature. Being in nature turned me on so much I'm not sure why. When I was a boy scout I had wandered off many times to stroke one out in the forest. I would shoot it against a pine tree's bark or if I was very randy, find a secluded spot and get on my back and shoot it into my mouth.