Here we go ready or not.
"Alright Good people. Student number 69 is up for bid." Monica Gift...hell every person out there had a good laugh at her assigned Sale Number, "Who offers their hard...," Another good chuckle, every guy there was rock hard, ",...earned money for this lovely Lass?" More chuckles as all the guys heard ass over lass. "Who wants to help the Senior class pay for their Class Trip by buying her services?" Bid flyers rose before he even finished his spiel, "Mow your yard. Wash your car. Do your dishes. Whatever the need."
The school board had hired the help of Auctioneer Byron Speck in the Senior class event called, Slave for a Day. Oh, how the men wanted Monica as their slave. Not for menial chores either. She knew it as much as they did, but as bad as she wanted to flaunt herself like a supermodel, Monica kept her poise casual. A shy smile was enough. Today already, over 60 students had been auctioned off to the highest bidders. Mostly family members helping their children out. Of course, others knowing just how fine some of Monica's flock were had their own cash flow ready to fancy their fantasies. The cheerleaders definitely went high bid. Not as high as this next beauty though. Antics alone were going to drain bank accounts.
Monica Gift stood up on the bandstand onlooking a large gathering of buyers. Today for the most part, she behaved to avoid any disturbing signs of her exhibitionist traits. Wearing her specifically made white T-shirt promoting the event that said Slave for the Day , but with the D in Day rubbed out to make the D look like an L making the word Lay, and extra tight blue jean shorts, she stood with her hands in her back pocket. With her stance as it was, her healthy breasts were well poised for attention regardless, even without a hint of cleavage. Harmless enough she thought. Foregoing a bra her nipples were inspired to say "Look at me". Eyes were glued. The L was definitely an added bonus, seeing as the lower slash of the letter pointed directly at said nipple erection. In her mind that was a sign.
Below her, the mass of people began raising their numbered cards of identification, now that the ID was acknowledged. It amused her that the men out there were driving up her bid without pause, time after time to obtain her. Many of them had seen her activities already and knew what to expect should they win her. Others who knew nothing were attracted to her beauty regardless. Even the local Police officers whom she had cut deals with were there in case of a mob scene. They bid just for kicks, but only to boost her sale price. A single blare of a squad car siren made the audience chuckle. A red light on top of the car symbolizing HOOKER in their evil thoughts. Monica couldn't stop laughing. She could almost read their minds. Especially with them using their nightsticks as if jerking off. She adored her men in uniform.
Luckily for Monica, her own parents were out of town on a business trip over a hundred miles away. She would have hated it if her Father had bid on her and won, perish the thought if it had been her Mom. Her desires leaned toward someone fresh. Therefore, she put the word out through her entourage of admirers that none of them were to purchase her. They could drive up the bid, just not win her. At the moment her current bid had exceeded three hundred dollars. Top bid thus far today was for the luscious blond bombshell Zoe Klein at $375, bought by of all people a pool installation company who brainstormed the idea of exploiting the young Goddess in a bikini on a street corner holding a sign. The company investment was buying more cheerleaders just for sales. Violet Rainier, and Becca Wright were also bought and strung up, meaning skimpy string bikinis. Traffic jam for sure. Shockingly, the girls loved the idea. Blame their newfound respect for Monica Gift.
Associates of Monica's parents worried her. She knew her Mother's boss Eliza was raising her hand frequently. That would mean she would need to behave if bought. Monica didn't want to behave. Bids reaching four hundred twenty five and climbing, the crowd realized her top dollar value had overshot Zoe's high price. Each time the bid rose Monica bounced up and down, her chest jostling under the inspiration of no bra. That certainly attracted attention. Dancing in a circle for the audience to preview her tight heart shaped ass, in even tighter jean shorts that shared just a hint of cheekage, wolf calls were even heard. A few stray whistles dared to interrupt the Auctioneer, who grinned at their mischief. Even the High School girls Coach, Marion Murray and her girlfriend Karla got into the excitement until the bid exceeded their smiles. Another day perhaps. Just when it looked like her Mother's friend Eliza was going to win, a loud voice objected, bellowing an amazing bid of, "FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS". From the back of the crowd stood the most unexpected entrant to her bidding.
"Principal Janson?"
She flared her eyes in contemplation, whining under her breath at his reasoning. Many weeks ago she had been dared by Ryan to strip naked and lay on Janson's car. That was a pivotal point in her building friendships. Students respected her boldness and what she did that day. She had smudged his windshield with her tits leaving a ghostly imprint of her nipples. Not to mention she had left her G-string thong under his wiper blade. So much more had happened since that day. Behaving in school was impossible, nor was it ever going to happen again, she needed to misbehave, it was too much fun getting away with murder. Nothing more was said of the situation. Nobody ratted her out, that she knew of. Janson himself had not confronted her or called her parents over it. Was this just a fluke?
"Going once. Going twice. SOLD!"
Lloyd Janson had bought this young woman. At first she didn't know how to react, watching fellow students in line behind her gnash their teeth at what this could mean for Monica, for the entire school. Suddenly, her eyes sparkled, mind racing, "This could be fun." Leaving the stage to make room for other students to be sold she took her dilemma in stride. Her life was now in Janson's hands. Walking through the crowd her friends glared at her out of shock. She just shrugged with a stressful grin, and made the best of it. Oh, her best was yet to come.
Stepping down a small staircase she approached the short balding Principal in a toupee. Lloyd Janson was a meek man who seldom confronted anyone, unless it was warranted. He thought of himself as a young man even at the age of 47, energetic, and strict of persona. Nice most days, grumpy others. Pussycat? Not once.
"Hello Monica." Lloyd greeted her, his palms rubbing with anticipation. It was rather creepy.
"Hi, Mister Janson. That was crazy you bidding so high on me. Why did you do that? I'm sure there were other more qualified candidates."
"There was just...something about you. As the bid escalated, my curiosity grew."
"Yeah, everybody wants me." She jests.
Lloyd puckers, "So I see, so I hear."
His expression gave her concern, it was obvious that he knew something, "Oh really?"
"I do believe I...own you for the next eight hours. Shall we go?" He offers a Gentleman's stance, awaiting her to walk with him. A hooked arm accepted with a weird curtsey Monica joined his swagger. The continuing Auction drowned out their exit.
"So, what do I have to do for the eight hours?"
"Why clean my house. You're my maid for the day."
She grins devilishly, "French maid outfit? Feather duster?" His eye brow raises as he attempts to word himself so as not to sound perverted. He chose silence which came across even creepier. She could see his expression changing as he mulled it over.
"My car is right over here."
"Nice convertible." She offers smiling.
"I think you're quite familiar with it, if I'm not mistaken." He opens the passenger door for Monica. Her eyes bulge as she climbs into her seat, avoiding the doors closure behind her. Janson steps around his car and gets in buckling up, encouraging her to do so as well. A moment to start the engine, he backs out and drives away. Once down the street he slows to a stoplight and decides to reach into his jacket pocket. Before her eyes he produces her discarded thong and dangles it from his rearview mirror.
"Oh shit!" She whispers darting her gaze out the passenger window.
"Of course I know this used to belong to you. Do you think I'm blind?" He continues through the intersection.
"How did you find out?" She hisses with a pale expression.
"Hidden cameras facing the parking lot. It's a security measure against vandalism. Not many people know this. Well, students that is."
"Yikes. Am I in trouble?" She cringes.
"I know more than that I'm afraid." He intimidates her.
Her heart was pounding, "Such as?"
"Hallway monitor cameras. You snuck into the Boy's room weeks ago. I witnessed a large number of lads entering after you. None left until their next hour class."
She squirms in her seat, "Why didn't you bust any of us?"
"I should have. However I grew curious as to just how long your games would continue. They most certainly did. I enjoyed your stripteases in Mr. Morrison's classroom. The man was oblivious at first was he not? That of course, changed over time."
At first she chuckled to herself, "Not that blind." But switched her reaction as to express concern, swallowing hard, "You have cameras in the classrooms?"
"Of course. How else do we get proof should a Teacher get out of hand? For safety purposes against complaints issued by a student. Or, vice versa. Security in my school is top notch."
Shivering she refuses to cover her chest. Her nipples were aroused like never before, just the way she liked it. Janson tried his best not to look, sweaty palms on the steering wheel seemed out of character.
"Has anyone else seen the video footage?"
"Oh yes. Quite a good number of fellows."
"Seriously? Why would you do that?" A smile fought off caved in to a smirk.
"The very same reason you obviously do what you do. To turn men on."
"I turned you on? You...used me to turn on other guys? Who?" She was haunted suddenly.
"Absolutely. Not only myself. You have many admirers. Names I shall keep to myself."
"I don't know what to say." She fidgets.
"I especially loved it when you showered in the boys Locker Room. They ate you alive that day." Recalling herself surrounded by showering testosterone she had to smile brightly. "Including, when you and your...Braless Brigade, yes I am aware of the term, performed for a certain Coach. Quite impressive how you've managed to draw in so many members."
"That was intense. Wait...isn't that illegal having cameras in the showers? Locker rooms for that matter."
"Indeed. That is why they have since been removed. Two of us can play games Miss Gift. I trust you have been checked out for STD's?"
"Actually, yes. I had a pap smear done a week ago. Clean as can be."
"Good. I wouldn't want to catch anything."
Her eyes bulge, "Wait! What?"
"I just paid out $500.00. Do you think I would only have you clean my home?"
"You're blackmailing me?"
"Of course. Unless you want your parents to discover your nasty habits." He grins evilly then chuckles, "Relax Monica, it will never go that far, we have much more to discuss, you and I."
She squirms in her seat, "That would not be good." Her Mother at least would be devastated. Her Father would probably love to know her history, now that they were involved in extracurricular activities themselves. Regardless of Lloyd's admission that it would never go that far, she worried about her mom Charlotte.
"Oh, for goodness sake. I'm not blackmailing you Mis...I am only going out of my way to make you shiver. You can continue your school antics. As long as I get what I want, you can do as you want. I will even run interference for you should anyone intent on causing trouble get in your way."
"Really?" She smiles vividly. She already had the cops on her side. Lots of men actually. 90% of the school technically.
"I control the cameras, once I reinstall them. I know how to manipulate them should the need arise. Remembering to activate them each day is such a burden." He chuckles dryly.
"What about the other Teachers? They won't understand as easily as you do."
"You might be surprised." He winks at her.
"OH MY GOD!" She whines loudly. "They know?"
"You know they do, those you've seduced in some fashion. Everyone of them are ready to defend you as required. You MUST keep the show as they say on the road." He smirks just as he himself swerves slightly across the middle street lines. "Do we have a truce?"
"I think so." She whispers biting her nail. "Keep your own show on the road Buddy."
"My SLAVE for a day. OBEY EVERYTHING I ORDER." He growls changing his expression to that of a strict demeanor. "Well, for the most part, there is something I would request of you, once we get...comfortable."
"I can do that." She beguiles him with perfect teeth, eyes sparkling with excitement. She did note his expression waver from stern attitude to almost apologetic regret. A silent, "Hmmm!" made her stare. "Request?"
"In time."
Reaching his home in the country, some three miles outside of town, he parks within the closest stall of his three car garage then shuts his car off. Debarking his vehicle he ushers her to follow him inside. She offers zero resistance finding this situation intriguing. She knew she was safe. Too many people saw her leave with him and he did indeed buy her at the auction. All on record. Entering his home she found it immaculately clean. Stepping into his living room she found something curious waiting for her.
"Don't even think about getting comfortable. Do you see those leather boots on the ottoman?"
"Yes. The thigh highs."
"Get undressed. Those are all you wear for the next eight hours."
Her right eyebrow peaks high, "You're serious?"
"NAKED NOW!" He barks.
"Gotcha." She begins lifting her t-shirt over her head, removing it, then dropped her jean shorts. She now stood before him in only her black panties. It was at that moment that she chilled at the thought.
"ALL OF YOUR CLOTHING." He directs coldly, then turns away to meekly bite his knuckle. Fidgeting at his response she removes her underwear wiggling her panties down her legs, stepping out of them. Standing tall she worries as to why he was resisting looking her over.
"To your liking?" She grins nervously.
"PUT THE BOOTS ON." Still no solid stare at her.
She sits down on the ottoman and slithers the black leather boots inch by inch to her upper thighs. They felt strange to her but they did look very sexy. "I've never worn stiletto heels these tall before. How did you even know my size?"
"STAND." He ignored her question as she rises twirling in step before his timid glances. Janson stepping away removes his light jacket and hangs it up on a rustic looking iron coat rack. Wearing black pants and equally black turtle neck he moves in closer to silently circle her. His gaze studying her one second, dodging her own inspection of him the next made her tremble.
"Tell me why you took such risks in my school." He hisses and continues his pacing of her.
"I love exhibitionism. I can't get enough of being naked. The risk is erotic. The guys drive me crazy knowing how much they want me to keep doing it. I feel so in control over..."
"CONTROL you say?" He blurts out cutting off her reply.
"Yes. It's kind of a turn on leading the girls. That, and making the guys happy."
"And the sexual acts?"
She fidgets, "I didn't plan on doing those. I was dared to in the beginning and I began to like doing it. The boys want me. I like being wanted."
"Do you like that I'm seeing you naked right now?"
"Seeing? You're trying hard not to look at me." She giggles, "Stressful, but yes."
"Good. Follow me." He turns. Trailing him through his home he led her down into his full basement. Turning on lights the area brightened up revealing more than she bargained for.
"Whoa! Is this stuff?" Her jaw dropped.
"Bondage equipment. Yes. Do you fear this room?"
"Not really. What else do you know about me?"
"The yearbook photos. Your deal with young Jimmy Newton. The dildo rides. All of the girls in your so-called Braless Brigade. The flag pole. Even your body paint. I can be quite a good actor. I knew of every detail you've tried to pull off without my knowing. I do hope those acts continue. I truly enjoy coming home to your home videos."
"Stop! You're turning me on." She giggles.
"Likewise. Have no fear of me Miss Gift. This is only the beginning of a budding friendship. May I ask you something?"
"Anything Mister Janson."
"Please call me Lloyd, or..." He trembles, "or...Knave. I love being called Knave."
"Why Knave?"
"In time beautiful Mistress."
"Mistress? What?" She snickers.
"My question...have you ever considered...switching from subservience to domination?"
"Someone else asked me that recently. I'm pretty inexperienced at that. Are you wanting me to...dominate you?"
"Very much." He melts under his stricter persona, "God yes." His change startles her into a sly grin. Dropping to his knees before her he bends forward and crawls toward her, then kisses her boots over the toes. He was now shaking like a leaf.
"Dang Lloyd...I mean DAMMIT KNAVE!" She giggled then held her breath to alter her thoughts. "DID I SAY YOU COULD KISS MY BOOTS?" Her outburst gave her goosebumps. It gave Janson a serious erection. He tried looking up and captured a glance at Monica's pink pussy. The second he did he began drooling like a madman yet cowered just as quickly. Seeing his reaction Monica lifted her brows out of curiosity. As spooky as Lloyd was being she was already deep in thought over how to use this to her advantage. Not just here and now, but in the future. If she played this perfectly she might have Janson under her thumb a good long time, at least the remainder of the school year, graduation forthcoming in a mere month and a half. Imagine how the student body might react to this sniveling idiot? "Yeaaaah!" She agreed with her shoulders little devil. Angel brushed off the other she uses her boots to her advantage and plants a stiletto heel on his left shoulder. Wincing at its pressure against his shirt she clears her throat loudly.
"Might I look upon your face Mistress?"
"Why? Do you really think you deserve it you perverted Freak?"
"I do not."
"Let's get something straight Lloyd...this boot on your shoulder is your Goddess. What is beneath it is diamonds and gold, precious in every way. Steal it without my consent and the punishment will be beyond your worst nightmares. The sweat you wring from your brow will be the polish over my black boots. Why do you wish to serve me Knave?" She marveled at her own words, growing silently giddy, "What have I been missing?"
"Yes, yes, only Knave. Bless you Mistress." He grows giddy and lowers his head even further. "I have worshipped you this entire year Mistress. Ever since you first began offering such visual delights. I beg of you to never stop, my school is yours, my home is yours, I am yours should you wish to possess me. Anything you wish of me I will not deny. No matter the humiliation."
"Why would I want to own a pathetic creature such as you?" She was channeling her best Disney Villains without laughing. Ahhh Malificent, such an evil bitch.
"Of course not, I am unworthy. Forgive my wishful thinking Mistress."
"Earn your position as my boot licker Knave."
"I will do anything."
"Begin by showing me how best to be what it is you desire. I am a...newborn Goddess."
"Might I rise and offer counsel Mistress?"
"Never look me in the eye. You are only worthy to offer what you find...appealing about me. For me to exceed your fantasies I must learn myself."
"Yes Mistress. I am forbidden. I shall not fail you." He rises after rubbing sweat from his brow over the toes of her boot. He pouted heavily at leaving it behind. Monica was enjoying this weirdness. She concluded that she could easily improvise her authority. Everything she seemed to be saying was well received. All it took was giving him commands and making him feel unworthy unless she gave him attention. Easy enough. Maybe what she learns today could be put to good use later. She might even surprise her body painter and dive in head first in dominating him. Nick would probably be blown away. Darth Monica, indeed, making fun of Nick's Vap Store, Darth Vapor.
"These...devices I see in your pitiful excuse for an exercise room, why do you possess such...disgusting things?"
"I am a freak Mistress. I enjoy...relish in bad behavior. I have awaited a Mistress such as you for as long as I can remember. Finding you finally, I offer my world in return for your...commands."
"Commands...DEMANDS."
"Yes Mistress Monica, absolutely."
She seductively prowls about his basement inspecting bondage devices such as a Medieval looking stock that would immobilize it's prisoner for public humiliation. "This would look so much better on your front lawn." She rolls her fingers over the wooden stock, "Don't you agree?"
"Yes! It...is quite heavy."
"Am I hearing excuses?"
"No Mistress. It's just...I'm not strong enough alone to carry it outside."
"Pathetic. Such a weak excuse for a man."
"Forgive me Mistress. I will find tools to take it apart and put it back together outside. Might I be excused?"
"You have thirty minutes to complete your task. I will explore your home in the meanwhile. Cameras everywhere I presume?"
"Yes. Everywhere. I will not lie to you Mistress."
"Good. Oh, before you get to work...strip out of your clothing and find something to make yourself a diaper. Baby steps...correct?"
"Yes Mistress. You excite me to no end. Feel free to explore my abode."
"Diaper you infantile waste of breath." She points toward his staircase. Sheepishly grinning Lloyd Janson raced upstairs and disrobed in his bedroom, finding a white t-shirt and fashioning it under his thighs, pinning it up over his dangling manhood. He wasn't well endowed, a sympathetic six inches at hardest. Once attired, he went into his garage and grabbed a toolbox, heading back downstairs to dismantle the stock.
While he took apart his bondage stock Monica perused his hand held toys. The Principal had literally everything, from a variety of leather lashes, whips, paddles, chains, cuffs, you name it. A cabinet opened discovers dildos and vibrational wands. In her thoughts she was blown away, slightly spooked, yet confident of her safety. All Janson craved from her was a Mistress to control his every move. Strange that she never picked up on his behavior before today. He always appeared dominant himself, even in his meek sized stature. Who knew his darker...sniveling side was just begging to get out. "This is priceless. I'm so going to humiliate this guy. I might not even need to have sex with Janson." She giggled under her breath.
With the top block of the stock removed, Janson carried it upstairs to his front porch landing, resting it there until the rest of the stock could be carried up. Monica awaiting his return procured a leather flogger and bid her time until he began lifting the lower stock from it's pedestal. The second he bent over to lift she attacked. Slapping his ass and upper legs from behind he let out a very emotional, "YESSSS! THANK YOU MISTRESS."
"Hurry it up Loser." He ignored the loser name calling, maybe he was, still he lifted the lower portion of the stock and carried it outside. All while she trailed behind him lashing at his limbs. Back and forth two more times she followed him. On the last trip she had a brainstorm. "Hold up, Knave." He froze with his gaze lowered. "I need something to carry a few things out with me."
"I shall carry everything Mistress, do not exert yourself when you have me to do it all."
"Oh, I wasn't going to carry a thing. Unpin your diaper and hand it to me." He swiftly removed the diaper and dropped to his knees as if offering her tribute, diaper poised over his shoulders in both hands. Claiming it she grew evil, "While I select a few things...pierce those nips with the bobby pins." His eyes flared, but regardless he obeyed, wincing at the pain, achieving his goal before she had even returned from packing her...bag. In the t-shirt/diaper she laid out accessories to be used in her devious plan. All gathered she forms the shirt into a sack and carries it back to Janson as he knelt nude before her. Having lost his earlier erection, she eyed his droopy cock as she groaned, "Look at that lifeless tool." She poises her boots toe under it kicking it lightly to watch it jostle about. "Is that worth owning? I think not. Bring the last support and carry this bag. UP!" From flogger to impact cane, her newest favorite torturing device she coaxed him upward by his chin with it. Accepting the bag and hoisting the final support on his shoulder she pointed at the stairs. Off he went. Hard cracks of the cane on his ass left marks. Hearing his delight she had to snicker. "This is fun."
By all rights she knew she should be going outside before him, but the idea of marking up his ass for all the detentions she had received over the years just felt right. Lloyd had no objections, only a very verbal recital of, "Thank you Mistress." ,multiple times, as he reassembled his prison stock near the main road in front of his home. Mistress Monica had instructed him to place it at the most visible portion of his property. He knew the risk, he was very cooperative. During his rebuilding she would use her cane to taunt him, lifting his scrotum from behind, and trailing it's tip along his ribs discovering ticklish spots. It was pure hell not laughing at his reactions, yet she bit her tongue.
"Done, Mistress." The nude Principal turned dropping to his knees before her. A boot lifted she goads him further.
"Polish my boot with your tongue." He immediately leaned forward as if a dog and began licking her black leather boot, from toe moving upward. "The other boot." A switch off leads to a more aggressive approach, as if starving he licked at it with moans of pure enthusiasm. "I have a question, Knave."
"Yes Mistress?" He responds for only a second between licks.
"How often do you fantasize about me?"
"Three times daily."
"Have you jerked off in your office at school watching videos of me?"
"OH YES! Every day. Each time you do something new it drives me insane."
"Do you...fantasize over the Braless Brigade?"
"Very much. It is you that leads me to partake in the visual of others. It is you that guides them. GUIDE ME MISTRESS...I BEG OF YOU." His licks became lengthy laps up her calf.
"From this day forward until graduation, you will obey your Mistress without hesitation, even in school. Is that understood?"
"PERFECTLY, MISTRESS." He erupts with a trembling fervor. This man she had known as an authority all of her High School years was a changed persona. She had read Women's magazine articles talking about power transfers of those in high profile careers, those mighty wanting to lose that control to others. It was obvious to Monica that Lloyd was one such figure. She was going to abuse this nature to it's fullest. So many questions crossed her mind as she evolved mentally. What else did he want from her?
"Do you crave to make love to your Mistress?"
"YES! Very much Mistress."
"That pathetic little penis does not share your desires." Her words were even above her years suddenly. Movies were a great provider.
"It is awaiting your permission to rise Mistress. I swear to you it will grow very, very hard."
"We shall see. Into your prison Knave." She uses the cane to tap the wooden stock. Up he rose and extended his arms and neckline into it. Monica had seen such devices in Medieval movies so easily locked the upper portion down over his neck and limbs. Mere pins locked it down over him. He laughed at his satisfaction. "Is something funny?"
"No Mistress. I am merely jubilant."
"Farmer's are in the field in their combines. Should they see and find amusement in your misfortune? Traffic along this country road will assuredly spot you this near their path."
"For you, I would let the world humiliate me. They will see you nude as well Mistress."
"I hope so. Maybe one of those farmer's will come over and fuck me in front of you. Making you wish it were you taking my sweet young pussy, my ass, my mouth. Unlike you Knave, he deserves my passions."
"All men deserve your attention Mistress. Some of us merely await permission."
"Did piercing your nipples hurt Knave?" She moves around him to inspect his efforts. She noted tiny pricks of blood around them and felt badly for a moment.
"Yes. I would endure far worse for you."
"Do you want me to shove something up your ass Knave?" She attempted to see his true mentality.
"PLEASE MISTRESS."
"How about one of my boot heels, grass and all?"
"I embrace your decision Mistress."
Not that she intended to really do it, yet now that she had opened the expectation of it, she knew she needed to follow through. Moving casually back around him, using her cane's tip she teased his flesh. He shivered dramatically, her eyes noting his penis trying hard to grow, maybe he needed encouragement. Behind him she used her cane's tip to toss about his cock as it dangled, her hand cupping his balls lightly, a breath away from actual contact.
"Feel my body heat Knave? My palm and fingers are hovering just beneath these disappointing balls. I've seen dogs with bigger nads." She heard him groan, "You may let your erection rise."
"Bless you Mistress. It cries out for your attention." She merely stands there watching to see if his cock really did lift. It was on its way. Eying his anus she knew she needed to follow up on her offer. Not wanting to use her finger, nor risk hurting him with a stiletto boot heel, she chose something from her t-shirt bag. Unfolding the garment to reveal contents she lifts a butt plug up. She always presumed they were for girls. Strangely, it didn't seem right for men, even though the practices were more common than she suspected. With a wince she guides the plug up to his butthole and encourages it in, his gasp letting her know he was thrilled by it.
"You will wear this to school on Monday. Am I understood Knave?"
"YES."
A sharp swat of her cane across his left ass cheek makes him hiss. "Did that hurt?"
"Yes. More please."
"When I am ready."
"Of course, Mistress. I merely beg for anything you offer."
"All I offer you is agony. The longing to take this sexy body of mine, but knowing I'm not giving it up so easily. Unlike the other Teacher's at school. I wanted them. You? You can't even get it up for me." Regardless of her goading Lloyd Janson's erection was rising fast. Yet, not fast enough. Monica demanded instantaneous. Stepping back around him she faces him and lifts his chin with her cane. "Look at what you cannot have." His eyes rise to her tits, her nipple hovering a mere inch from his lips. Fingers teasing her areola for his study she steps closer. Grazing his lips she pulls back forcing him to pout. Instead she lifted her cane and planted it between his lips like a dog holding a stick. This gave her room to tease him harder, hands palming her breasts and sharing her stimulations with him. "Your Mistress is really aroused. Why aren't you?" His dick jumped full tilt purple and glossy tight for her in just that bit of personal inspiration. Seeing it, she lowered one hand in front of her gliding it downward over her tight belly and to her clitoris. Rubbing it she moaned and closed her eyes to enjoy herself for his visual pleasure. Fingers dipping lower to fuck herself letting him hear her wetness each time they sank up into her pink pussy. Yearning for her he made all sorts of facial contortions. Lloyd wanted her badly.
Responding to his grunts she removes her fingers to show him her damp fingers, trailing his lips with her juices. He savored them regardless of the cane between his lips. His tongue attempted to sample her. As a flavor excites him he rolls his eyes back into his head. That in itself made Monica smile brightly, not that she allowed him to witness her grins. The second he revives she sneered at him.
"I'm really horny Knave. What ever should I do?" Hearing a horn on one of the combines across the country road startled her slightly. Looking over her shoulder she discovers it just beyond a ditch sitting idle. Engine shut down the farmer hops out and waves at her. She flirtatiously waved back. The guy was cute in a farm boy kind of ballcap and rugged jeans look. "Mmmm! Goodbye Knave." She abandoned Lloyd without a thought and prowled toward the road seductively.
"This is something you don't see every day." The farm boy chuckled. She stopped before the ditch line on Lloyd's property and just blows the man a kiss. The guy was probably 25-27 if guessing, 6 '2 with curly blond hair. A rugged physique proved he kept fit. Without saying anything to the man she just caressed her body, again moving her fingers down into her pussy. Dipping them in and out five times before bringing her taste up to her mouth to lick her fingers in front of him. He just stood with his left hand on his right elbow, puckering at his luck. Monica was drop dead gorgeous. "Nice!" He nodded with a smirk.
Turning her back to him she bent over and showed him her perfect little ass and fingered herself some more, legs parted wider for a vivid view of sinking fingers. Touching one hand on her boot she watched farm boy enjoying his chance. Waving a flutter of fingers at him he grew bold and gripped his crotch. Enticing each other as if a duel, the farmer just unzipped his fly and pulled out a far more respectable cock. That thing was easily nine inches. Eyes bulging Monica jumps to her feet and turns to face him, she nearly lost her train of dominance in that very second. She wanted to run over there and jump his bones, but that would look bad for her Mistress persona, especially in front of Lloyd. Nope! "Stay on course, Monica. Fuck Farmer Bob is hung."
Smirking at her the farmer pointed at the ground in front of him as if dominating her. Any other day Monica would have pounced on Bob, not this day. Standing her ground she doubled down and pointed at the ground in front of her. A challenge was met. As the farmer stroked his cock she strutted her way back toward Lloyd. Poor Lloyd had watched their duel trying hard not to drop her cane from his mouth. His dick raging hard at their flirting came quick, cum bubbling up just as Monica glimpsed it. "Wow! He didn't have to jerk off even. Good job Lloyd." She mused without smiling, instead she shook her head and yanked the cane from his lips just to swat his cock with it. "DID I SAY YOU COULD CUM?" He felt the fire of her cane on his abdomen.
The farmer kept watching her moves and realized her dominant behavior. Chuckling at his own thoughts on dominance he looked both ways and crossed the road. Stepping into Lloyd's yard made the Principal uneasy, his career could be in jeopardy if he were recognized. Luckily the farmer had no idea who he was. Still, he was one bold motherfucker moving into their territory. Monica peered over her shoulder discovering his arrival and twirled in step using the cane to defend herself should it be needed.
"Calm down I'm not here to hurt ya." He spoke with his dick mighty but his hands held up to relax her. Without a word she points directly at him. Cane swatting at him to halt his step she took a deep breath and attempted to control even him. Using the canes tip she caressed Bob's dick in a circle around his beefy crown, the sensation made him tilt his head back. He enjoyed the moment until she slapped his cock with the cane. Feeling a sting he winced and cracked his neck. Eyes met she challenged him, expecting to lose and be fucked right in front of Lloyd against her will. Not that she would will against it. "You're pretty smoking hot there Trix." Short for dominatrix. She stepped closer to him just to prove herself fearless and used her cane to tap both of his hips. He took her hint, "You wanting my pants down?"
A more fierce swat made her point. Laughing he just dropped his jeans and boxers to his knees. A secondary swat over his abs, he began unbuttoning his shirt. Fanning it open to a chest full of hair Monica sighed at his studly pose. Taking his shirt off he stood there totally nude down to his knees, save for his John Deere ballcap. "You can leave the hat on." She said as she stepped entirely too close, now pressing her tits directly against him as her free hand slipped down to grip his beastly cock. He took note and puckered.
"Nice grip. You want that?"
Peeling away from him she turned away and faced Lloyd in his confinement. Gripping Lloyd by his chin with the hand that just curled Bob's cock, she made him open his mouth and fed her fingers into it. Licking her fingers he tasted Bob's fleshy flavor. Not his finest moment. Bob just chuckled. He wasn't sure what to make of everything. Pretty damned weird seeing Lloyd trussed up like he was.
Her attention primarily on Lloyd, her hand moved from his mouth behind her to grip Bob's cock, Lloyd's saliva still on her fingers. Bob realized it as she stroked him from a bad angle, he just let it go. Using what strength she had she drew Bob closer to her ass then touched his crown on her cheek. He nearly bust a nut just looking down at it. "On your knees." She dared to insist looking up at him with a devilish glint in her eye. "You at least deserve a taste of me. Unlike Knave here who cums without even being told he could."
Bob nodded with a puffed lower lip and knelt behind her, turning his ballcap's brim around to keep his hat on. From there he moved on his own, prying her ass cheeks wide as he buried his face into her butt pucker first, then her cunt. Using the stock to support her weight Monica let her tits sway in front of Lloyd's face slapping his cheeks on occasion as Bob feasted. Lowering her upper body further she moves into an angle face to face with Lloyd. Letting him observe her moans up close, her warm exhale breezing across his face. Bob had a very talented tongue, Monica's whimpers made her whisper, "Is this what you want to do to your Mistress?" Lloyd nodded repeatedly with an exhaust of breath pelting her own cheeks, literally blowing strands of her long dark hair from her eyes just to share in their gaze. "FUCK HIS TONGUE FEELS GOOD."
"I am glad he serves you well Mistress. I only hope to serve you in such a way."
"I think I might let him fuck me Knave. Would you like to see that?" She huffs, "On your feet. Take me from behind." Bob pulled his damp face away smirking. After hearing Lloyd call her Mistress he thought it might add incentive to say, "Sure thing Mistress."
Rising tall over her arched back, Farmer Bob, if that were truly his name. It was actually Roger. Bob suited her purposes. Penetrating her cunt with a nice thoroughly stretched labia Monica gasped at Lloyd who shared in her reaction, gasping along with her. He was feeding off of her emotions. Roger attempted to pull her hair but she wouldn't commit to that, her right hand holding her cane swung wide and collided with Roger's thigh. She heard him murmur, "Bitch." but he did release her hair. "Just fuck that hole, Farm boy." Monica snapped. Growling Roger did just that. Succeeding thus far Monica grew more confident.
"You can cum again now Knave." She smothered Lloyd's face between her tits as he mumbled, "Thank you Mistress." Even without touching it his dick circulated as best it could. Monica had never known a man to cum without being touched down there, yet somehow Lloyd had perfected the move. Lowering her body further to bare witness to Lloyd's impossible ejaculation she just endured Roger, as good as he was at hitting her G-spot, her true need was to see Lloyd actually cum. All it took was hearing Monica's squeals and yelps to inspire his dick to throb harder. Defying logic Lloyd Janson shot cum out at a potent velocity. She could not believe her eyes. "Holy fuck Lloyd. That was incredible." Her thoughts unspoken she herself came hard, body convulsing beneath a straining Roger. He wasn't far behind, a blend of juices joined forces between them, cumming inside Monica to a shrill scream. She dropped her cane to the grass.
Without her wand of authority Roger grinned. Pulling out of her he gruffly turned her around and rammed his cock into her mouth. Fucking her face she fell prey to her own desires and enjoyed it. Eying Lloyd helpless in his prison Roger nodded at him. "Wanna taste of your Mistress?" Roger wraps his arms about her waist and lifts her lower body into the air and nudges her ass back into Lloyd's face. He refused to do anything but wallow in her juices as it smothered his face. In a bold move Monica reached her hands behind her and pried her cheeks wide, a self inspired slap on her own ass before prying them again led Lloyd into a feeding frenzy. Licking and sucking the cum from her hole, which included Roger's. He hadn't thought that far. Still he devoured his Mistress to her delight. Roger fucking her throat managed yet another detonation feeding her tonsils a thick white cream. Monica swallowed every drop. Rattled by her loss of control she kept his dick in her mouth looking up at Roger with a wink. He knew she was only acting, but let her have her fun.
Whining nasally at Lloyd's ferocious appetite she tensed up for a secondary orgasm. In an explosion of juices Monica drowned Principal Lloyd Janson to his approval. Finally, Roger lowered her body to the grass and she herself was kneeling before Roger, his dick still between her lips. Stretching her hand out she retrieved her cane and struck Roger on the hip hard. Hissing at the sting she releases his dick and snaps, "FUCK MY FACE LIKE YOU MEAN IT BITCH." Taken by surprise Roger grabbed her by the hair, not letting go this time, and fed her throat another round. Taking her cane away from her he uses it on Monica's ass by leaning over her. She had red marks all over her bottom. So much for remaining in control.
Regardless Lloyd admired her perfection and drooled. Roger knew he was truly in the leadership role but a sudden change of plan led him to relinquish her cane back into her possession. Maybe it was his way of switching off and on. Feeling Roger tensing up again for a third wave Monica uses her cane to voice her escape. Pulling her mouth free she leaps to her feet and moves behind Roger. Pushing him forward Monica poised Roger's cock directly over Lloyd's face. Haunted by the sudden closeness Lloyd bulged his eyes, while Monica reached around Roger and jacked him off. Roger wanted to laugh but bit his lip at the irony. "CUM ON KNAVE'S FACE." Her voice shook their eardrums. With her help Roger fulfilled his end, spitting strands of white all over Lloyd's face. He wasn't happy about it, but wasn't mad either. It was finalized by Monica escorting Roger out of her way to crouch before a splattered Lloyd.
"Share with your Mistress." Monica proceeded to lick Lloyd's face of Roger's cum then pat Lloyd's cheek to force his mouth open. Impressed that Lloyd followed her unspoken command she kissed Lloyd and let Roger's cum circulate amongst their Frenching tongues. Lloyd Janson accepted his fate and enjoyed her kiss. As the couple swapped saliva Roger got dressed and shrugged. Turning away he went back to work. Fun while it lasted.
As their kiss faded Monica winced at Lloyd, "Only the beginning Knave. Serve me well."
"Yes Mistress. I shall."
Hopping up she unhooks his stock and lets him stretch. Cracking his back after so long lurched over in his prison, he thanked her by dropping to his knees and again licking her boots. She patted his head and said, "Good boy. Hands and knees, crawl home." He listened and obeyed, feeling her cane swats on his ass until both of them entered his house. Making their way to the living room Monica plops down on the couch and snatches up a TV remote looking at it, "Let's watch some home movies Knave."
"School movies Mistress?"
"Yep. Show Mistress how delicious life was her senior year."
"As you wish." He crawls to find a DVD remote and returns to her, a DVD was already installed, he intended to show her later anyway. TV on, DVD playing her antics would be legend. She loved the collage of events ranging from classroom hijinks, to she and her Brigade shaving their pussies in the gym. From Morrison's detention seduction to the bathroom bukkake. Lloyd made a good foot rest, on his hands and knees beneath her boots over his spine.
As she watched her very own porno her cell pinged. Leaning over the sofa to her clothing she dug out her cell and noted it was a text from her besties Lisa and Michael, they hadn't spoken much since Lisa had fucked Monica's dad. The whole April stuff needed space to be resolved. Simply asking Monica how the auction went Monica chuckled. One simple text wrote back read, "Principal bought me. He's my bitch. LOL! Text you later tonight, kinda busy." She then took a picture of her boots over his back for laughs, the TV playing in the background of the photo showing Monica drowned in jizz. It was too perfect. Pic added to text, off it went. Lisa's only reply was a rolling eyes emoji.
Cell tossed aside Monica jabbed Lloyd with a stiletto heel to garner his attention.
"Okay Lloyd. I'll keep being your Mistress. Earn my pussy. The rest of the school year you obey anything I order."
"A question if I may?"
"Ask."
"My reputation is on the line. At school..." She jabs him again with a stern point.
"ANYTHING JANSON."
"Yes Mistress."
"Good Principal. Now go pop me some popcorn. This is a double feature. Extra butter, maybe you can rub it on me."
"Act II?"
"Sure."
Before her day was over Monica let him lick her entire body of buttery goodness. With her eyes closed all she could think of was Orville Redenbacher. Ewww! Old guys. Still, she had Lloyd hooked. She made him cum one last time just to see if he could. Zero touch, only mental inspiration. Success.
"Damn Lloyd."
He fell asleep on the floor.
Mistress Monica was late getting home.
=================================
COMING SOON : MONICA 51 : INSIDE JOB