Note: Though not absolutely required, reading two earlier stories: "Kristen Tests Her Boundaries" and particularly "Kristen Helps Tina Breaks Through" will help make some of this story's events and the motivations of this story's heroine more understandable. Thanks for reading!
*****
Two weeks or so after the party at Lisa and Rob's place, Briana still found herself constantly thinking about how the masked woman could have been so bold and was still annoyed that Andy apparently would have never told her about that night if Kerry hadn't brought it up. She didn't much like seeing photos of him smiling with some bimbo on his lap but was even more annoyed by his trying to hide it from her, making her wonder if he was hiding anything else.
One night she noticed that Andy had left his phone turned on as he went to have a shower a few minutes earlier. She reached for the phone, pausing a minute and thinking to herself she was on the verge of turning into some sort of cliche, the paranoid distrusting wife. Then she thought about his recent lack of candor and felt like a quick look at his photo folder was justified.
Brianna took note of the time, allowing herself no more than 5 minutes of snooping so the phone would still have time to shut down before Andy returned. Her guilt at spying on him dissipated rapidly as she found the series of nude photos. She looked at each photo several times, wondering what was so special about this woman; she seemed fairly close to Brianna's height, figure, coloring and weight, with no obvious differences other than her hair color, whatever her face looked like underneath the mask and of course the added attraction of being naked in public.
The following Saturday night Brianna went out with Kerry and Lisa to see a movie; when they were leaving the theater Lisa noticed that it was past 11:00 PM, so she asked if her friends would mind stopping by Rob's convenience store for a few minutes, "so I can say goodnight in person for a change."
Kerry didn't mind and Brianna was actually eager to make the stop, saying that since she'd never been there she'd like to visit "the scene of the crime"
Kerry picked up on the reference and laughed; Lisa said it would be her first time there since "the night of nudity".
When they arrived they found Rob on his own as usual, giving Lisa and Kerry freedom to tease Rob, asking a series of questions:
Lisa: "Excuse me sir, where is the undressing room?"
Kerry: "Do you have a clothing shredder I can use?"
Lisa: "I'm getting a little cold, may I sit on your lap?"
Kerry: "Can you give me directions to the nearest store selling clothing?"
This went on for a while, with Rob taking the ribbing in stride. Brianna wished she could feel as comfortable joking about the naked visitor as everyone else obviously was, but she was still more than a little upset with Andy for keeping quiet about it and especially for keeping the damned photos! She felt strange being surrounded by all the spots she had seen in the background of the photos.
As the trio of friends headed out of the store a few minutes later Brianna noticed a bin full of odds and ends on clearance, including a few Halloween masks.
On her way to work Monday morning Brianna made a detour to make her second ever visit to Rob's workplace. She was glad to see he wasn't on duty, allowing her to buy a mask without the clerk thinking anything of it.
At first, Brianna wasn't sure why she needed to have the mask, she only knew she wanted it. Without any idea what she would do with it, she tucked it away in her desk drawer. It stayed there, untouched for several days before she thought of a way to put it to use. Her first step was setting up a new Gmail account. The advertising firm she worked for as a graphic designer had in-house everything else her new project required.
Besides a full array of lights, cameras and tripods, the large photo studio was stocked with an ever changing collection of items provided by various clients. Some of the objects in the studio were to be featured in ad campaigns while others were just props and background filler. There were specific "sets": kitchen, living room, bedroom, garage, even a bathroom scene.
Late Friday afternoon Brianna called Andy to tell him she needed to work an hour or two later than normal and told him to go ahead and have dinner on his own. She had chosen Friday because she knew none of her co-workers EVER worked late on Friday unless they were up against a deadline; this week was a quiet one, so the place was completely cleared out by 5:15. Except, of course, for Brianna.
Her whole project had been carefully planned out, so she needed less than an hour to complete it. She put on a wig she had found in prop storage of about the correct color and length and placed a digital camera on a tripod at the living room set, setting it to take a shot every 5 seconds; after a few more minutes adjusting lights she was just about ready to start taking photos disguised as the naked convenience store tart! She needed just a minute to comb out the wig and put on the mask, but took much longer to check one more time for any stragglers she had missed before taking the final step in her preparation.
Brianna was beyond nervous as she returned to the studio; to get the poses she wanted (bare shoulders, lots of naked back, lots of cleavage but no nipples) she had decided to photograph herself topless and then crop as needed. Even though she was sure nobody was around and she was going to edit the shots down to essentially be PG material, the prospect of being semi-nude at work even briefly, and especially photographing herself in that state, seemed terrifying.
Brianna finally said to herself: "Just do this now or go home and forget all about it!" She thought once more about the photo collection on her husband's phone and pulled her blouse over her head, barely pausing before freeing herself from her bra. Just before facing the camera she remembered to remove the final thing which might have let Andy recognize her, leaving her engagement and wedding rings with her discarded clothing. Less than 15 minutes later she was reviewing the shots on her laptop, quickly ruling out several and cropping the ones she liked. In her eagerness to see how the shots had turned out she hadn't stopped to get dressed, so when she heard the elevator chime as it stopped at her floor she froze in place then dropped to the floor, her heart suddenly pounding like she was running flat out. She eventually recognized the sound of the janitor heading away to the restrooms at the far end of the building; once he was out of earshot she ran to retrieve her missing clothing from the studio.
Brianna was pretty pleased with the photos, both because she was sure Andy would believe they were from the "real" naked woman and just because she thought they made her look pretty sexy. All that was left now was using her new email account to send the photos to her husband and wait for his reaction. She still felt a little guilty about this subterfuge, but having done all this setup she decided to see her plan through; with a little shudder she hit send.
Brianna waited until she was back at work on Monday to check her secret Gmail account; though she was eager to know how Andy was going to respond, she didn't want to leave any trace of her scheme on her home computer, tablet or phone. She checked the account shortly after getting to her desk and saw that Andy had replied to her email with the photos before she had even arrived at home Friday after her photo session!
He replied: "Wow, thanks for the new photos! You are one sexy woman, though these new pics are a lot more modest than you were the last time I saw you! I hope you're not getting shy! I do have one question - where did you get my email address? I don't mind your sending me email (especially if you include photos) but don't understand how you found it."
Brianna sat at her desk, incredibly upset with Andy, who clearly would like to keep up a correspondence with this chick, and his only question was how she had found his email address. She thought a better question for him to have asked was why he had been singled out by this woman to receive semi-nude photos in the first place! Typical male behavior, she thought, always thinking with the little head. She wasn't too sure how to deal with Andy's reply, so she signed off and tried to concentrate on work.
By the time Friday arrived Brianna had decided to carry on her new alter ego's correspondence with her husband; it occurred to her that in a way she was both wife and "the other woman" in this developing triangle! She decided to have another photo session after work, this time after going home for dinner with Andy; she hoped the later schedule would let her work on her project without any interruptions from the janitor! She told him as they were cleaning up that she needed to put in a few hours at the office.
Andy told her he'd miss her but would see what HBO or ESPN had to offer and that he'd wait up for her.
Brianna used the same set as before but decided to up the ante to see how Andy would react. Her plan was to take a series of shots showing her lounging on the couch, wearing a semi-sheer matching bra and panty set she'd just bought that afternoon to be sure Andy wouldn't recognize them; she thought to herself that at least she'd get some new lingerie as a reward for her work. She was even more nervous as she got undressed than she had been the week before since her preparation for this week's photos meant briefly getting completely naked and even when dressed her new outfit didn't leave a lot to the imagination!
Her photo session went quickly, as Brianna cycled through a series of poses, getting steadily more provocative as she got comfortable. With a fair amount of time available and feeling like a "real" model she decided to take the session's heat up a notch...or maybe a couple of notches.
Brianna began by dropping the bra strap off her right shoulder, then getting her arm completely out of the strap, then repeating the process on her left side. At each new step she took a few more shots. Unhooking the bra while holding the cups loosely in place caused her to shake a little; she realized she was getting closer to the kind of pictures she'd found on Andy's phone. She needed to know what it would feel like to be THAT woman, so the bra had to go!
One thing left, Brianna thought - could she really be doing this? Reclining on the couch and pointing her masked face at the camera she slowly slipped the panties down her legs, leaving them dangling on her left foot. She was still having periodic shivering fits as she thought about what she was doing, but continued working. She took several dozen photos, hoping to get some showing clearly that she was completely naked but barely hiding her nipples and pussy!
Brianna selected a dozen photos to send to Andy, some with lingerie, some featuring the lingerie being removed and a few of her completely nude but stopping just short of revealing everything. There were plenty of shots with nothing at all concealed, which Brianna found to her surprise that she liked but thought better of sending. She laughed a bit at this remaining bit of modesty, considering she hadn't yet got around to getting dressed!
With the photos finally selected and her clothes back in place Briana sat down at her desk to compose a new email to Andy. She made up a story about how she had tracked him down - that she only saw two cars in the parking lot besides her ride as she left, one of which had been there the night before her naked visit when she checked out the store as a potential location for her adventure; with the license plate number and a few dollars spent on a website she was able to find his address, age, phone numbers and email address, and, by the way, his wife's name. She assured him that she wasn't interested in any contact beyond periodic emails and hoped he'd like her latest series.
Even more than with the first email, Brianna was shaking so hard at the idea of sending out naked photos of herself she was practically unable to type, never mind hit send; being in photos like these was a totally new experience for her; the sexiest shot Andy had ever been able to get her to agree to was of her holding her unfastened bikini top firmly in place with both hands. To make the act of sending this email a little easier she set it up on a scheduling app to be sent automatically a few hours later. She was just dozing off that night when she heard the buzz of Andy's phone alerting him to a new email's arrival. She rolled over and smiled as she drifted off to sleep.
Brianna almost dreaded checking her secret email, but couldn't make herself wait more than a few minutes after arriving at work on Monday. If anything Andy's response was even more discouraging.
He replied: 'Wow, thanks! These look more like the amazing woman I saw that first night! Since you found my email address because of my car being at the store I'll always be thankful I was our designated driver that night! Keep 'em coming!"
Brianna decided to email him right away without providing any new photos.
She wrote: "It sounds like you're enjoying the photos as much as I'm enjoying making them. Even though this is strictly an online bit of fun I have to admit to being a little bit guilty about your being married; I'm guessing your wife wouldn't be too pleased with our correspondence if she knew about it!"
Andy didn't reply right away, but a little after noon her Gmail inbox showed a new unread email.
He wrote: "You're right about my wife's attitude; she wouldn't take this well at all. Don't get me wrong, I love her dearly, but she's a bit of a prude and too fearful to ever do any of the things you've been doing. She's actually very sexy, but not very open to anything remotely adventurous as far as our sex life goes."
Brianna read the email with mixed emotions; she was furious that Andy would open up to her slutty alter ego in ways he never had with her but had to admit that she tended to be pretty conservative sexually. She enjoyed sex with Andy but generally steered away from anything but missionary position in a darkened bedroom. She saw the irony in how her increasingly wild efforts to understand his attraction to the original naked chick had actually made her more adventurous than she would have believed possible a few short weeks ago. She felt like she might have just a little more wildness to explore and decided to make another quick trip to the studio; Andy was going out of town for a couple of nights, so she told him she'd take advantage of his absence to put in a little overtime.
Brianna had to wait longer to get the complete privacy she needed for one of her photo sessions, as it happened there was a deadline on a major project scheduled for this particular Monday. She fiddled around wrapping up some work she hadn't managed to finish with all her distractions today; finally around 9:30 she had the place all to herself.
After quickly setting up her gear at the bedroom set, Brianna went "shopping" in the wardrobe area of the props department. Since she hadn't been planning on a photo shoot when she came in to work she needed something besides her own clothes to maintain her anonymity. She settled on a luxurious terry robe left over from a photo shoot for a hotel chain.
Unlike her previous sessions, Brianna started right off pushing her boundaries. Her first photos showed her lounging on the bed with the robe already partly open above the still tied belt; both her breasts were on display already, and she made no move to cover up. Before long the robe was wide open with the belt untied with one leg raised to hide her pussy.
Then, still reclining, the robe was dropped off her shoulders.
Then completely off the arm closest to the camera, revealing her side from head to toe.
Then kneeling on the bed, facing the camera with the robe barely on one arm, now showing everything!
Then some with her hands squeezing her breasts.
The final shots in this session had her lying back on the bed, one hand pinching a nipple and the other partially buried in her pussy!
Breathing hard, Brianna enjoyed her first orgasm in a long time, amazed that it had happened while she was on her own at her workplace!
Instead of editing out the most graphic shots as she previously had, she now gathered the most explicit dozen and attached them to a very brief email.
She wrote: "Do you wish your wife acted like this?"
She sent the message to Andy without any hesitation, then finally got dressed and headed home.
Talking with Andy Tuesday night as he was at a hotel waiting for his dinner to be served, she asked him, "Anything exciting to report?", well aware she wasn't going to hear anything about the best part of his trip.
Wednesday morning Kerry called Brianna and asked if she could make it out for lunch.
Brianna said she'd be glad to get together, and they arranged to meet at 12:30. Once the hostess and waiter had left them alone, Kerry said she had some news Brianna probably wouldn't like, but felt as a friend she should tell her.
Brianna silently braced herself and asked Kerry to go ahead.
Kerry said: "Tony told me last night that Andy has been forwarding photos he's been receiving from that naked woman from the store. Apparently, each batch has been more explicit than the one before. Tony said that some he received last night looked like she was actually masturbating! I'm really sorry to hit you with this but thought you'd want to know."
Brianna felt the blood draining from her face as Kerry shared her news, and actually began to tremble. She now had to get her head around the fact that several of her friends (and possibly others) had seen her naked and masturbating! She thanked Kerry for letting her know what Andy had been up to and asked her to keep quiet about having told her about it so she could deal with Andy in her own way.
As Brianna considered her situation she realized that while God only knew how many people might by now have seen her naked and worse, nobody actually knew that she was the shameless model. Her wanton adventure was still her own not so little secret, even if every inch of her naked body was now familiar to unknown multitudes. She began to think that as long as her identity wasn't known it wasn't such a bad thing after all; the possibility that at any given moment total strangers somewhere around the world might be getting aroused by the sight of her naked body was actually pretty exhilarating! She began to plan one last email to her bonehead of a husband to complete the series.
Andy's late night flight home gave Brianna more than enough time to do the minimal prep work needed for this session. She didn't plan on spending much time on editing either. Instead of photos, she recorded a video which picked up where the previous photo session left off, recording 10 full minutes of nothing but the disguised Brianna sprawled naked on the bed pleasuring herself, including at least a couple of intense orgasms. As her breathing slowly came back to normal Brianna sat up, looked straight at the lens and pulled off her mask, smiling and blowing the camera a kiss!
She attached the video to a brief email, simply writing: "You might not want to share this one! xoxoxo" and sending it to Andy. He soon realized he didn't know his wife as well as he had thought he did, but looked forward to getting to know her better!
Andy's friends never received another email featuring the masked woman, though Brianna occasionally offered to provide Andy with some new photos.
A few days later, Kerry was getting an iced tea at Rob's convenience store when she spotted one last Halloween mask left in the bin of odds and ends. The clerk on duty during the afternoon shift rang up her purchases, saying: "Funny how these masks sat here untouched for months and suddenly they're all sold out!"
Kerry just smiled and said, "You never can tell when you'll feel like wearing one!"