***
"--------------------------"
Chapter One: Home Alone with a Statute
"--------------------------"
Janie was home alone. Her husband was off on another lengthy business trip and she was so horny that at times she could not think straight. She stayed in bed and started rubbing her breasts. It felt so good that it was almost like being with her man on a date. Soon Janie let her hand drift down her tummy. Her skin felt so warm and smooth it made her feel sexy. Her finger tips reached the band of her panties. No one was looking but she felt naughty if she let her hand slip into her panties. Instead she let her hand drift down over her mound lightly pushing on her clit tunnel. She moved it side by side gently then let her hand smoothly move over the tip of her clit and down the side of her velvety pussy. It felt warm and firm. Following the band of her panties she let her hand smooth her panties all the way down to her anus and her butt cheeks. Slowly she drew it back up and followed the crack of her pussy creating an indention all the way up to her clit. She made circular motions on her clit, and finally brought her hand up to the top and let it slide under the band of her panties feeling the soft pubic hair.
Soon she was toying with her clit, masturbating and rubbing her pussy lips. Eventually she let her hand slide between her lips and all the way to her vagina opening. There she let a finger slip inside and around until it got very moist. She pulled her finger out and brought it to her mouth smelling it and sucking the moisture off. It tasted good, and the smell was sweet and erotic. Continuing she slipped two and then three fingers in her pussy, and started humping the palm of her hand. After a while she raised her hips off the bed and clinched her ass until she climaxed strongly. She brought her fingers up to see the white creamy pussy cum beginning to drip and quickly brought them to her mouth sucking them clean savoring the sweet taste of her pussy.
Janie showered and fixed breakfast, straightened the room and went to check the mail. She saw her friend, Brenda from next door.
"Hi Brenda. How are things going for you?"
"Oh pretty well. I am too busy to have a social life right now but overall things are good."
"Well I have a social life but Rick is away so much that I get very horny. I might have to get a dildo or something." Janie grinned and chuckled.
Brenda said, "I know of something that might help you, if you promise not to tell."
"Oh come on, what?" Janie was interested.
"Come over to my place and I will show you."
Brenda ushered Janie in to her upstairs bedroom. As they walked in Janie caught her breath because there was a naked man.
Brenda said, "Silly, that is not a real man."
Janie looked at him up and down. She noticed the tight buns, and nice cock and balls. He had a hairy chest that was just right. "What is he doing here?"
Brenda replied with a chuckle, "This is just between you and me, ok?"
"Well alright. What on earth are you doing with that?" Janie was mystified.
"Since I am single, I get like you were, very horny. Then I came across this." Brenda started to slowly explain.
"I don't see what a statue would do for you, not really."
"That's it," said Brenda, "it isn't a statue. Here let me show you. Go ahead and touch his skin, anywhere you want."
Somewhat embarrassed to touch it because it looked so real and Brenda was watching, Janie reached over and felt his side on his chest.
It came alive so to speak, "My name is Jim. Your touch is so sensual and gentle. What would you like me to do?"
Brenda said, "Go ahead and touch his thing if you want to."
Hesitantly Janie in disbelief that she was doing this, reached over and touched his life like cock.
Jim said, "Ohhh that feels so good. Your touch makes my whole body warm up."
Janie stared as it started to enlarge in her hand. She started to move her hand up and down on it just to see how real it felt.
Jim said, "Don't stop, you hand is the ultimate sensation. You are so sexy and beautiful that I am about to cum."
Suddenly as her hand reached the top again it spurted out several gobs of cum.
Brenda said, "Go ahead and taste it. It is made to taste good."
Janie brought her fingers to her mouth with cum dripping from them. She tasted it. "That is good. How on earth did you get this? Is that all it does?"
Brenda replied, "Oh it does a lot more. He will do almost anything you ask it."
"Your kidding me." Janie was fascinated.
"Why don't you stop at the adult store and see what models they have and ask them to tell you all the functions. I'm afraid I would be too embarrassed to tell you all. Ask him to show you his tongue." Brenda sort of giggled.
"Show me your tongue Jim."
Jim stuck his tongue out and it was nearly a foot long, and he twisted it, and wiggled it.
Brenda giggled at Janie's stunned look, "He's pretty good with it too!"
Sensing Janie might be leaving, Jim grabbed her by the pussy. Janie caught her breath.
Brenda said, "Playful isn't he?"
As they turned Jim patted Janie on the butt, and she caught her breath again.
"--------------------------"
Chapter Two: Adult Store and Up Skirt Shot
"--------------------------"
The next day Janie thought for a long time on what to wear and if anyone would recognize her. Going to an adult store was not one of her regular habits. She had never been in one. She decided to wear a short tight white skirt to look younger. She chose sheer bright pink see through cotton panties, short slip on boots, and a loose see through blouse with no bra. She had nice breasts and nothing to hide so she didn't care. It gave her a younger look. She chose dark sunglasses, and fixed her hair into a pony tail. Looking in the mirror she could see her panty lines showed, and was satisfied.
Arriving at the adult store she parked in the back away from the street view, hoping there would be an exit door from the back of the building. Janie walked around to the entrance and into the store. She took a moment and looked around. She saw a large attractive display of personal lubes, a display of men and women's Viagra like enhancement drugs and an aisle of various types of dildos, one of whips and BDSM items, one of lingerie, and decided to look down the aisle of dildos. She was amazed at the variety. Some were thin with a bulb like end, some were vibrators, and some were monster cocks. She shook her head, those were way too large for a regular human. She saw some that had strange shapes to the extent it got her attention wondering what the shape was meant for. Reading one of the packages, she discovered one was in the shape of a dog cock. Chuckling to herself she noticed the next one was meant to resemble a porpoise cock, and another a horse cock.
An employee approached and startled her. It was a female. "My name is Joy, can I help you find something today?"
Janie stammered, "Well uh, I heard there were these robots in here."
Joy answered, "Yes we have some very attractive human like models that are state of the art, with artificial intelligence, AI. Come with me and I would be happy to show you."
Janie followed Joy to a separate show room, clinging to her presence like a child afraid of getting lost.
As they walked into the next show room Joy gently placed her hand on the small of Janie's back to guide her and comfort her. With a gasp Janie saw a naked man, with hairy chest, hairy legs and ass, and hairy crotch. Next to him she saw an attractive naked woman with nice breasts, pubic hair, and a nice shapely frontal view of her pussy. On the floor beside the naked robots was a dog. Janie could not determine if the dog was a decoration for the display or if it was a robot also.
Joy began talking, "These robots are using the state of the art technology, they are warm to the touch, and feel good. They are programmed to have the most romantic talks, or the most erotic. You can teach them what you like. You must remember they are only toys, expensive toys. They are not alive and they are nonhuman, but they do have Artificial Intelligence and learn rapidly."
"So they remember everything you teach them?" Janie was very curious.
Joy with a snicker replied, "Yes, they have a photographic memory so to speak."
"That's good."
Joy said, "go ahead and touch them if you like. You can feel her breasts, and pussy. They are natural feeling. The vagina and anus openings are lifelike. But you may also check out the man. Hey look he is looking at your breasts." Joy giggled slightly.
Janie could feel her nipples tighten up.
Janie could see the man's cock was starting to get heavy. She reached out to feel his side.
"Oh baby, you have a nice touch," Trent the robot said. "Give me a hug, if you want to."
Enthralled, Janie stepped closer and gave the naked robot a hug, discreetly wrapping her hand around his back to feel his butt.
Trent said, "Baby you take my breath away."
Joy said, "Go ahead and kiss him."
Janie shyly leaned forward for a tentative kiss. Her heart was throbbing as if this was her first high school date. Their lips met with just the slightest touch. She could feel herself getting warm all over.
Janie kept her arm around his back and she stretched her lips forward again for another kiss of the most furtive nature. The feeling was intense and Trent's movements were of the slightest and most romantic nature. She realized his arm was now around her back and he gently hugged her as they kissed. As they hugged her mound came against his bare cock and she could feel it with her clit as there was just the slightest side to side motion.
Trent's hand gently rubbed her back and side up to the side of her breast.
Young wife Janie was flush with heat and a raging horniness.
Joy said, "Kind of turns you on doesn't he?"
Totally embarrassed Janie reluctantly disengaged herself from Trent. She was weak kneed. She had already developed an intimate affinity to Trent.
Joy could smell Janie's pussy juices starting to flow. "Let's come over to my desk and we can talk about taking Trent home with you. By the way I have a special price for you. You can have Trent and his dog for a special discount price if you sign up right now."
They talked about pricing and warranties and Joy made a deal that couldn't be turned down.
The next day a discreet delivery van pulled up out front. Trent was dressed in a long rain overcoat with a rain hat and sun glasses. The dog was on a leash held in Trent's hand. The delivery driver walked them up to the door step and rang the doorbell.
Janie was waiting for them and answered the door. Taking a moment, she looked over the delivery man who was wearing skin tight pants. She invited them in and he introduced Trent and the dog to her. The dog's name is Elvis. He demonstrated protocol for putting them up or on standby. He went through the owner's manual showing how to maintain, charge, and clean. He went over some sanitary sex instructions, and explained they were designed to be self recharging, but can be charged from a wall plug if necessary. They chatted about the artificial intelligence features. He purposely left out some information so that she would still have some discovery and adventure on her own.
Shutting the door behind the delivery man, she saw the dog was already loyal and stood beside her, wagging its tail. She reached down and petted it, and he rubbed his nose affectionately against her leg. Janie said, "Trent lets take the owner's manual into the room and put them up."
"Ok," Trent said.
His answer surprised Janie. He was so realistic that it was like she was with a real person.
Back in the delivery van the driver turned on his laptop computer. He played back the past few minutes. From the eyes of the dog, he could see the nose of the dog rubbing affectionately against her leg. He looked up and the driver got an excellent up skirt shot of her panty covered crotch. She had a nice shaped pussy. The dog has xray vision, thermo vision, and infrared, besides normal. With auto-focus he looked with thermo vision and got an excellent view of her pussy. He turned it off, and drove away.
"--------------------------"
Chapter Three: Deep Throat Training
"--------------------------"
Trent and Elvis transformed Janie's life. Elvis was always at her feet and very loyal. She had no doubt that he would be a good watch dog. Trent was like having an affair with a secret lover around that never caused any conflicts.
Janie could not help visualizing Robot Jim's tantalizing tongue. In the bedroom Janie addressed Trent. "I am curious about something Trent, could you show me your tongue."
Trent stuck his tongue out about as far as normal. "Like this?" he said.
"Well I want to see how long it is and if you can move it around." Janie was almost impatient.
Trent stuck his tongue out further, nearly a foot, and he twisted it around making it move in curious ways. "Like this?"
Janie squeaked with joy.
Seeing she was happy, Trent asked, "Do you like it?"
Breathless, Janie said, "Oh yes."
Needless to say Janie spent most of the afternoon in bed with Trent. She had never had such pleasure from getting her pussy eaten. Trent fucked her pussy until she was pouring cum, and then she sucked him off. They laid in bed together while she took a nap.
When Janie's husband Rick came back into town, he was shown Trent and Elvis. They were more expensive than a nice dildo or vibrator, but they made Janie happy. Since Janie was happy, he was satisfied.
Janie was out shopping while Rick enjoyed being at home doing chores and watching football. He invited David the neighbor over for a few beers. They chatted for a while, and Elvis loyally laid down next to Rick. They began to talk about sex and about what kind of dildos their wives liked. David was straight but liked to talk about his wife's kinky ideas.
David said, "my wife can deep throat a thin dildo."
"Awe come on," Rick provoked.
Responding David said, "Have you got some foot long hot dogs and I'll show you how my hot wife does it."
Rick kept foot long hot dogs for having cookouts during games. He went to get a package. "Here have one." He handed the package to David.
"Hot dogs are moist. The short ones are too short to try this. Here watch this."
Rick watched as David took a long hot dog and opened his mouth tilting his head back some. He pushed the hot dog to the roof of his mouth and back. Sure enough it slowly slid right into his throat.
Rick said, "That was pretty good."
David ate the hot dog, and they laughed.
David was sitting at the edge of the sofa, and petted Elvis.
Rick said, "I learned something new also." He was standing in front of David and Elvis. Rick said, "here, deep throat this."
David leaned forward.
Rick said, "Not you, the dog. ...Okay maybe later."
Elvis stood on his hind feet, and when Rick pulled out his cock, Elvis engulfed it all the way to the base. After a couple of minutes Rick came down his throat.
David was very impressed. "Wow that was amazing!"
"Wait until you see this," Rick said. "Trent, could you come here, please?"
David was shocked when he saw a naked man walk into the room.
Rick said, "This is Trent."
David didn't know how to take this seriously. So he said, "Hello Trent, can you deep throat cock?"
Trent said, "I can. Do you suck cock? I bet you can deep throat. Can you deep throat?"
Laughing, David said, "I can deep throat a hot dog."
Trent said, "I have a hot dog for you. Let's see you try it."
Rick was laughing. "Go ahead, it isn't real, and it is clean."
David leaned toward the naked Trent. He took the end of Trent's cock in his mouth.
Trent made his cock thin about the size of a hot dog. "Take it slowly into the back of your throat. Train your gag reflexes. That is good. You are very good."
Trent continued to make encouraging remarks, and ran his fingers through David's hair passionately telling him how sexy he was.
Rick watched as Trent's cock slowly slid into David's mouth and throat.
Trent released throat lubricant from ports along his shaft, and his cock had an easy glide path into David's throat. Gently Trent started humping David's throat, but at the same time with additional lube he increased the size of his cock width, and the length.
Rick witnessed David's throat bulging with each gentle thrust.
Trent kept complimenting David's technique training him at the same time.
David's throat had expanded to take a full width cock by the time Trent gushed cum into his throat.
Rick had pulled out his cock and was stroking it. When David's mouth was free, on the spur of the moment, Rick thrust his cock into David's mouth and got the nice warm feeling and the throaty swallowing motions in the back of David's throat. It felt wonderful and Rick compulsively came with volleys of cum in David's throat.
Rick said, "I never knew you were so good!"
David sat there in shock, disbelieving he had just deepthroated two cocks and swallowed cum for the first time from his best friend.
Rick said, "Kiss my balls." Then he said, "Suck my balls."
Still in dreamland, David kissed and sucked Rick's balls in lust. He sucked balls for the first time and liked it.
"--------------------------"
Chapter Four: Business Woman Lands on a New Idea
"--------------------------"
The next day David was at lunch with friends telling about sex bots, sexual robots. They laughed and asked questions.
One of his friends asked, "Do they look good?"
David said, "I have not seen a lady robot but I hear they are very sexy, and will do anything you want!"
"Wow!" They said in chorus.
Amused, a business woman, Linda, was having lunch in the next booth. She overheard the conversation and as a business person the wheels in her head started turning.
The next day Linda took some time in the middle of the day to find the adult store with sexbots for sale. She arrived and went in the store. Looking around she found the section with dolls and robots.
"Can I help you?" A sales lady asked.
Linda replied, "Yes I want to know more about these sex robots."
The sales lady showed Linda a man robot, and several women robots with different skin color and hair colors. She also motioned toward a robot dog, although she didn't say anything because she could not predict Linda's reaction.
The sales lady noticed Linda had more interest in the women robots. Not prying as to whether Linda was lesbian, she went on to describe the features. Closing the deal, she offered a special price if Linda would take a female robot and a companion dog.
They haggled for a while, and Linda finally settled on a price, and arranged the items to be delivered to her office discreetly. The female robot was a beautiful Asian with black hair, a bushy and hairy pussy, with nice tits and ass.
Linda was pretty nice looking herself, and the delivery guys were surprised, but did their job. They uncovered the robots taking them out of the delivery boxes. They explained how to care for the robots, and went through the contents of the owners manual.
The dog loyally came to Linda's side, and the Lady robot said, "My name is Sherry, what is yours?"
"Linda."
"Linda you are very attractive. What can I do for you?"
Linda replied, "I am very busy right now but let me see if you can rub my pussy."
Sherry stepped forward and outstretched an arm and hand to Linda's pussy. She erotically stroked Linda's pussy.
"Oh, that is so good!" Linda said with pleasant surprise.
Linda said, "You two follow me to this side room where I want you to stay until later."
Linda's mind was racing. She went back to her computer and sent a message to Craig's List, advertising for an afternoon quickie.
Soon she had replies, and chose one with a picture of a nice cock, and who offered to be generous. Within an hour, the man showed up, a total stranger, and Linda took his money leading him to the room with Sherry.
Upon entering the room, the man halted at the sight of Sherry. Sherry was beautiful and completely naked.
Breaking the ice, Sherry said, "My name is Sherry, let me take your coat. Please feel comfortable. What is your name?"
"George," he said, staring at her boobs.
Sherry said, "Have you ever had sex in an office before with a fine piece of ass? Do you like it doggie style? Take a look at this," and she bent over a desk with her ass and pussy on display. "Have you ever seen long Asian nipples? Look at these." Her nipples extended out several inches. George leaned over and sucked her long nipples and licked her tits for a few minutes. Her clit stood out several inches and he sucked it teasing it with his tongue motions.
With little or no hesitation, George pulled out his cock and thrust it into Sherry's pussy.
Sherry had magical movements with her pussy, and knew just when to increase the tempo. George was spell bound, and soon came into her pussy.
Sherry turned over and sat at the edge pulling her legs up. "Would you like to lick me clean?"
George had no self control and got on his knees and licked her pussy as she pushed his cum back out. This was the best office sex he had ever had.
She was so realistic George could not believe she was a robot. He kept looking for signs of fake coverings.
George stood, zipped up, put his coat back on, and walked out.
This was such a positive experience that Linda began to make plans of putting some lady robots out on the street corners at night.
Linda put some Craig's List ads for car sex in local parking lots or alleys. The listing at first was just for blow jobs. Soon Linda, now a pimp, was getting many replies with pictures. She watched out of her window as Sherry, now a prostitute, a lady of the evening, got in a car in the parking lot below. The car had tinted windows as she had stipulated in the ad.
The man's pants were around his ankles to the floor board and Sherry was sucking him hard, nearly stretching his cock two inches as she sucked with vigor. Sherry was cupping his balls and worked a finger into his asshole. Her finger had lube vents and she lubed his asshole good and started finger fucking him while sucking. She felt of his prostate and massaged it. Letting him build up for a few minutes, she finally let him cum. He laid back in his seat exhausted, and gave her a huge bonus tip. He had never had a hooker blow job as good as that.
Linda had Sherry squat on her desk in front of her and feed her all the cum she had accumulated. She ate Sherry's whore pussy and licked it clean.
Linda made lots of money on the side with this business. The robotic dog gave extra security for her office, but liked to lick her legs. As she sat one day the robotic dog nuzzled between her legs and extended his tongue to her pussy. He sniffed and nuzzled her pussy under her dress. His robotic nose was sixteen times more sensitive than a regular dog. She was getting horny so she moved her panties to the side and gave more access. The dogs tongue explored her pussy lips, and treated her clit with a pleasurable wet licking. Linda opened her legs a little more and his tongue traveled up and down her slot, finally concentrating on her vagina. His tongue licked all around the entrance and then wiggled up into her pussy. He licked her g-spot and treated her with a pussy eating like she had never experienced. Soon white pussy cream gushed over the dogs tongue. He licked it up, and finished by licking her asshole, and sticking the tip of his tongue up her ass. Now she dreamed of getting it doggie style.
Remembering the robotic dog was only a toy, and not a living organism, Linda had the dog squat on the desk top and she sucked his cock as he put his paws on her shoulders. It was kind of like sucking an exotic dildo, and it was a little kinky.
"--------------------------"
Chapter Five: Anonymous Crime Stoppers
"--------------------------"
Sherry saw a street crime in progress with criminals on cocaine selling drugs and burglarizing cars. Her internal video discreetly captured it all. Later she sent it to the police anonymously. Not long after, the criminals were identified and arrested.
Chief Crammer looked at the reports. It was amazing. Someone had managed to capture a street crime with what may have been a drone or something. Someone in the staff room said, "It looks like the video was taken from the vision of a robot."
Crammer said, "Impossible."
Donefor replied, "No they do have robots that might be able to do that."
Crammer said, "Police robots?"
"No, I don't know what kind of robots."
"Donefor get with purchasing and see about getting a police robot like that."
After much red tape the purchasing department found sources for robots that would be suitable. The ones designed to be police robots were much too expensive. In talking with slick salesmen a solution was found. They would get a sex robot and dress it in police uniform, save money and no one would know the difference. It wouldn't have built in guns or armament, but could be trained to carry a concealed weapon.
Crammer had Robby meet him. Robby entered Crammer's office. There was a female cadet in uniform. "Robby meet your new partner Kelly."
Kelly appeared fit and confident. Robby was thinking, "Machine Gun Kelly."
Kelly said, "Nice to meet you."
Robby found her attractive.
"Kelly is a robot," announced Crammer.
Robby thought this had to be a joke.
Crammer went on, "Kelly has already had much training, in fact we downloaded almost all the training manuals to her. She will still need coaching and training from you, so make sure you explain everything you do and why you are doing it as an officer. Take her to the gun range with you and fill her in on the details in practice."
Crammer never gave it a thought that Kelly was actually a sex robot, and her sex training had not been deleted, or altered.
Crammer handed a new 9mm pistol to Kelly and asked, "Do you know how to use this?"
Kelly said, "Yes," as she racked the slide back, removed the magazine and checked the chamber. She replaced the magazine with one that was loaded, and slid it into her holster.
Robby was wide eyed and quiet throughout the whole session. They started for the door as partners.
"Come on handsome," said Kelly.
Robby's eyes widened but he did not respond.
They went to the range. While Kelly broke in the new gun, Robby explained the handling of a loaded weapon, and when to use it, when not to use it, and how to de-escalate problems. Kelly absorbed it all.
In the patrol car they proceeded on regular duty late into the evening. Working late they had to patrol an industrial area known for thefts, and prostitution. Sitting in a dark parking lot watching they saw a pretty young lady fit through an opening in the wooden fence along the property line. She walked toward some parked trucks and disappeared between the trucks. Kelly said, "I wonder what she is doing. Did you see her nice legs?"
Robby said, "Yes, her dress was too short and you could see her ass."
Kelly reached over and put a hand on Robby's leg. "Did you like her ass? It looked firm didn't it?" Kelly saw with her infrared sight that he was turned on by it. He got a little hotter when her hand touched him. Kelly did not remove her hand but gently rubbed his leg in place. Gradually as she rubbed she let her hand almost unnoticeably get closer to his crotch. She could see with x-ray vision that he was getting hard. Kelly continued to tease him.
Robby answered, "Her ass was tight. I could see her ass crack."
"Yes, but you could not see her pussy or her asshole, could you?"
Robby was going to change the subject but caught his breath when Kelly's hand rubbed against his cock and balls. Robby was frozen in time as he felt Kelly's touch. She was a robot, so it could not be against the rules to have sexual play, or could it? Robby was not sure if put in a situation like this with a female officer if he would allow it to happen or not. He supposed it would depend on how attracted he was to the woman. In this case it was not a real woman, so he let Kelly continue.
Kelly sensuously rubbed Robby's cock, and offered compliments on its size and shape. She fondled his balls complimenting him. Soon she had his pants unzipped and unbuckled. She started licking the top of his cock and gave it a sensual kiss. "Here let me pull these down a little," talking about his underwear. Kelly felt of his ass with one hand and his balls with the other while sucking his cock. Robby started pumping in and out of her mouth, while she worked his pants down further. She started sucking him hard deepthroating his cock all the way into her mouth, while starting to work a lubricating finger up his asshole to massage his prostate, fingering. She fondled his ass with one hand, and fingered his asshole while deepthroating his cock and licking his balls with a wraparound tongue. Soon Robby clinched and came in her mouth almost violently. Pushing her finger into his ass and sucking him off, while holding his butt cheeks in the other hand raised Robby inches off the seat.
"Wow!" Robby exclaimed almost speechlessly.
While Robby pulled his pants up and adjusted his clothes, Kelly was looking out of the window.
She saw another figure running through the area. "Look at that one!"
Robby looked up just in time to see the figure go between the trucks and behind the fence. A store owner was chasing him but lost his trail.
"Come on," said Kelly.
Hurriedly they crossed the area to the store owner. "What happened?"
"That guy was back again. I caught him yesterday sucking cock for drugs in the bathroom of my store. He ran out but grabbed cigarettes and a six pack. Tonight he sucked cock but stole the man's wallet and ran out while the man's pants were down."
Kelly said, "I think I know where he is."
Robby looked at the store owner, "Wait here."
Within minutes using Kelly's night vision, they found the suspect and talked him into surrender. They brought him back to the store owner, and called in the arrest.
Donefor later explained to Robby and Crammer that the robots have AI and learn remarkably fast. They have a back channel network exchanging data and pictures with other robots around the country and the world, which increases the learning rate, and intelligence.
"--------------------------"
Chapter Six: Cuckold by a Robot
"--------------------------"
David was so enthralled by the sexual robots, that he came over and visited Rick again when his wife was away. They had Trent stand by while they talked about sex. Trent was learning David fast and offered some smooth innuendos that warmed David up to the conversation. Rick said, "Trent you and David unzip each other's pants."
Sensuously Trent unzipped and unbuckled David's pants while David for the first time unzipped another man's pants, even if it was a robot.
Standing close by Rick said, "Unzip mine as well."
David unzipped Rick and pulled his pants down, and then slid his underwear down as well copping a feel of his butt. David and Rick had become bisexual without realizing it.
Trent was romantically hugging David, kissing his neck and feeling his butt. Trent pushed down David's pants and underwear and started feeling his butt.
Meanwhile, Elvis wandered up, sniffed, and started licking David's balls, anus, and butt cheeks.
David bent Trent over the couch foot rest on all fours, and started pushing his cock into his ass, finding it to lubricate as he went. Finally he was hunching Trent but about that time he felt Elvis's tongue being replaced by Elvis's cock. He didn't have a moment to reflect on it before Rick's cock was in his mouth. It was all so erotic that David exploded in orgasm about the same time he was knotted by Elvis, who also shot cum into his ass.
Rick now having the benefit of a threesome with Trent, was ready to experience the idea with Janie, his wife. The weekend was so thrilling that they cancelled all weekend plans to stay at home and role play their fantasies. Rick was convinced to lick his robot cum from Janie's pussy, thus creating a cuckold out of Rick. Rick secretly started loving cum and was planning the day to share the news with David. Trent reversed roles at will and was also a robotic cucker.
"--------------------------"
Chapter Seven: Cross Dresser
"--------------------------"
At one of the local gay clubs one night Vince, a cross dresser and exhibitionist, went in to cruise and make eye contact with some hunks hoping to go home with one. He noticed a nice looking beefy hunk dancing with others in the darkened dance floor with disco lights. Vince was drawn to the floor and realized he had made eye contact with the hunk on the dance floor. The hunk was a beast, erotically dancing, yes dirty dancing, humping and swaying his hips suggestively. Vince came onto the floor by an inviting finger to come that way. He hugged the hunk and asked his name. The hunk said, "Chester."
Vince said, "You have a nice body Chester, and I love the way you move." He couldn't have known that Chester was a dancing robot.
Chester started to lightly slow dance with Vince. Vince let his hands drift down the small of Chester's back, even as Chester was doing the same in foreplay. As Chester started squeezing Vince's butt, Vince started to fondle Chester's butt, spanked his bottom a little bit, and found that he was wearing leggings with an open butt. Vince's hand slid right down into some panties and down his butt crack. Chester remarked at how wonderful Vince's hands were. They danced to a darker corner necking, and Chester convinced Vince to sit down. When Vince sat down Chester pulled out his cock and inserted it into Vince's mouth and slid it in deep throat. Vince was so captivated that he did not flinch at the aggressiveness. Soon he was swallowing Chester's sweet cum, but it was not over. Chester physically picked up Vince and turned him over the table, and pulled down his pants and thong panties. Chester's self lubricating robotic cock slid easily into Vince's butt hole before starting to expand and throb. On command Vince started clinching his asshole as Chester pumped bareback. While he pumped Chester added a strong dose of Viagra along with shooting cum into Vince's rectum. Sweating and amazed Vince began to cum when his body was turned by Chester to allow another patron to suck off Vince's cock.
With a hard on that would not go down, Vince had many partners that night. Sometimes these were gay romance with threesomes. He watched Chester's butt as he walked away, wanting to feel that asshole pulse, clinch, squeeze, pulse, suck, and pump his cock, and knew it would be soon. He would be courting Chester.
"--------------------------"
Chapter Eight: Mind Control-Robotic-Lawyer
"--------------------------"
Benjamin was a Robotic Lawyer. He is defending against the street crime criminal, caught discreetly by Sherry. His case was coming before the jury. As he entered the courtroom, he confidently scanned the room briefly making contact with all the players and the jury. He had prepared a video presentation, and was able to install subliminal instructions. As a robot he had downloaded the entire human knowledge base of human psychology, learned hypnotism, Law, and negotiations. Humans he observed were very susceptible to sex, and mind control. This case was about sex. The accuser claimed that Randy the robot made her suck his cock in public. Benjamin, in defense, made the hypothesis that almost anyone would have sucked his cock under the circumstances, man or woman. The courtroom doors were locked, and the lights turned down to show the video. The video depicted how the accuser was naturally horny and turned on by the male robot. Subliminally all the people in the courtroom started getting horny. As Benjamin spoke he started using hypnotic techniques, psychology, and negotiations. The entire jury was forgiving, but breathtakingly horny. Soon clothes were being stripped off, and people were making out with each other, men or women. One of the most beautiful of witnesses, approached Benjamin, and soon her clothes were in a heap, and she was getting the fuck of her life. By the end of the day, people found no cause for the case and it was dismissed, as the Judge sucked a hard bailiff cock.
"--------------------------"
Chapter Nine: Robot Drone with a Hard-On
"--------------------------"
Michael a young man, had a mischievous and devilish idea to permanently attached a male robot to a drone. He flew the drone over a city park at night with night vision, radar, and infrared vision. Essentially he is a naked man flying around with a hard on. He can throw his voice and he sees a young couple making out on a picnic table near their car. "Aye mate," the drone threw his voice and whispered into the young man's ear. "Why don't you bend her over that picnic table, tie her down, and pull her panties down?"
The young man had worked all day and had a little to drink. It was very late and he thought maybe he was thinking to himself out loud. It was a good idea though.
Gamely the young lady went along with it, and soon her lovely ass was turned up and her legs spread, and tied ass up in bondage with BDSM leather straps.
Michael transmitted a whispering voice that said, "Tease her a little bit and let her know you are walking down the trail for a few minutes and will be back. Put a blindfold on her." He tied a lingerie blindfold on her, stuck her panties in her mouth for a gag and tied that in place.
The naked young lady was tied down, nude and fully exposed in public.
.
As the young man walked away down the path, the naked man drone dropped down from the sky between the trees in the moonlight. Back at home the teen voyeur, Michael controlling the drone got a wonderful picture of the naked lady tied face down on the picnic table. He got pictures of her crotch as he approached. In high definition composite pictures, he clearly saw her pussy, clit, and asshole. He could see she was hot and moist. Her clit was long and hard in the cool air, and the robot cock glistened with readiness. He tongued the young woman first with his LED lit tongue cam reaching up and down her slit exploring every crevice and the tongue cam was getting it all on high definition video. His tongue slid up into her pussy and caressed her G-spot until she wiggled and humped. He tongued her inner secrets like she had never experienced. Letting his tongue cam lube and slither into her asshole, he loosened her up. Suddenly mounting her he fucked her pussy until she was groaning with pleasure and writhing around on his pulsing cock. She exploded in orgasm, and he pulled his cock out and fucked her ass squirting a long rope of cum. It was her first anal, but he had loosened her with his tongue and gradually let his cock build up into her, finally shooting more cum in gushes into her rectum. She liked it a little bit rough.
When the young man returned and approached the clearing, he saw a human like figure rising into the moon light, and found his girl writhing on the table. He licked her exposed pussy, and sucked up all the dripping pussy cum thinking it was her pussy juices. It was her best pussy cream he had ever tasted. As he fucked her he noticed her asshole was ready and inviting. Pulling out of her pussy, he stuck his cockhead to her anal opening and found it very slick and ready. He pushed his cock in and felt her pumping on it as if asking for more, she clinched on it when he was all the way in, making his cock longer and harder. Not being able to hold it, he suddenly shot his cum in her asshole pumping her ass hard enough to raise her feet off the ground.
"--------------------------"
Chapter Ten: Salesman Antics; Bi-Curious
"--------------------------"
Rich the salesman asks, "Are you straight, gay, or bi-curious?"
The new customer answered, "Bicurious I guess."
"Here, I have just the thing for you. It is a private preview booth with one of these robots. You can do what you like, and experiment. No one will know. The light dimmer burned out so there are no lights. You can do everything in the dark though. There may be just enough light by the door to see where to sit or squat, as you like. His voice is turned off right now but his skin tastes real. Everything is setup to be realistic. You can suck his cock and balls, kiss or lick his ass, lick his asshole, and even stick your finger up his butt. It is all very realistic.
Paul was another salesman preparing other robots in the backroom which had a double door opening to the preview booth for maintenance and cleaning. He knew the light was out in the room. When he heard noise in the preview booth, he looked through a viewer. He saw the customer enter the room, spotting the location of the robot and the chair.
Quickly thinking, taking off his clothes, and taking advantage of the situation, Paul darkened the back room, and slid naked between the curtains to the access door. Peeping through he saw the customer temporarily had his back turned. Paul slid into the door, hugged the nude robot to quietly move it to the side, and took its place. Paul was a college coed and physically fit with a muscular body.
Davie the customer felt his way to Paul and began to feel his side, and all the way up to his face. Briefly his fingers touched Paul's lips but began to feel his chest hair. Davie moved up a bit and kissed Paul's chest, chest hair, and then his nipples lightly sucking on them. His kisses moved lower as his hands reached around back and fondled Paul's ass and butt cheeks. Davie gently turned Paul around and started to kiss and lick his ass. Davie took his time and noted the ass skin did taste real. He kissed and licked the butt cheeks, and up and down the crack. Gently he pushed Paul to bending over slightly and Davie spread the ass cheeks to lick the crack lower, licking the asshole, rimming it good, and licking down to the ball sack. He kissed and sucked the ball sack for a few minutes, and went back to rimming the butthole.
After a few minutes Davie, in silence, turned Paul around and kissed his cock head, surprised to find a precum drop waiting for him. Davie licked it up greedily savoring the taste to see how much he liked it. He started giving a hand job, just to feel what it was like.
Davie licked up and down the shaft to see what it was like. He liked the skin of the cum vein, and the taste of the ball sack as he licked lower. The balls were just the right size so he sucked and kissed the balls, realizing he liked it and wished he could suck some real ones. He licked up the shaft again and started to licking and teasing the cock head. Davie massaged the balls, and rubbed all the way back to the ass cheeks and squeezed them lightly. He slowly fed a finger up the anus, which felt warm and realistic. As he continued to suck the cock, it felt like the robot cock had a real pulse. Soon the robot began to run his fingers through Davie's hair fondly. All too soon, the robot hands firmly grabbed Davie by the hair and thrusted the cock in his mouth. The robot was face fucking Davie, and soon his mouth was flooded with cum. The robot held his head in place until he licked it all up, and swallowed it. Davie was ok with this as it was only a robot, and no one would know.
It was Davie's first time as a cock sucker, first time swallowing cum, first time rimming, and first time sucking balls, but he thought it was only a robot.
Davie turned to look for the door, and Paul slid through the back door.
Rich saw Davie coming back. "How did you like it? Was it realistic?"
Davie responded, "It was better than I ever dreamed."
Davie signed the papers, and paid. Rich notified the delivery team, who were bisexual.
Checking on his customer via internet connection, Rich saw from the hidden video that Davie liked to crossdress, and spent nearly the first day and night with the Robot. The robot was equipped with many internal and external cams. Davie had the robot as a top, fucking him through the open back panties. Davie spent many hours as a bottom, but did enjoy sucking cock and swallowing cum. Then he sodomized the robot, and licked out the cream and let the cum stick to his lips. He had a bisexual fascination for rimming the robot asshole, as if he were trying to figure out the taste.
"--------------------------"
Chapter Eleven: Holographic Cock Sucker
"--------------------------"
Lonely on the night shift a security officer befriended a passerby. They had made eye contact, and soon were flirting. Unknown to the security officer this passerby was actually a holograph, but it had some teleporting properties that caused his cock to have some physical properties. The security guard had always been straight until this job and his imagination wandered a lot. Hardly knowing how it happened he found himself kneeling in front of the passerby opening his mouth and closing his eyes to get the first feel of a cock in his mouth. Just as the cock was entering his open mouth he closed his eyes to concentrate on the feel. Nothing happened. Opening his eyes the passerby was nowhere to be seen. The officer thought he must have been hallucinating, but this did provide fuel for many day dreams. Andrei had no trouble getting past he security officer who was distracted.
A small reddish dot appeared on the inside of Andrei's glasses lens, indicating that Nik had hacked into the security and alarm systems successfully. The security cameras would be delayed and artificial static interference would appear on any surviving screen. He turned on the camera frequency blocker. Approaching the doors he heard a click which told him the magnetic locks were off. Tenaciously he pushed a door open just enough to slip in. Andrei set off a puffer which threw out a smoke screen with small reflective particles that would diffuse any back up camera video. He had on an invisibility cloak, but also had a holographic cover. Quickly he approached the necklace counter. Producing a suction cup with cutter, he took out a section of glass and simply reached in and got the prize necklace.
He was already back out of the door and starting across the way between two buildings when the security system came back on. After a moment or two an alarm sounded indicating a possible security breach. Suddenly there was a decoy holograph of a robber making a run for it. Just as suddenly the courtyard was surrounded by security guards with guns drawn. Only he knew these were also holographs. A real police officer arrived on the scene and sensed the real robber's path in the shadowy outskirts, and started pursuit to investigate. Suddenly a beautiful naked woman ran across the court yard in another direction screaming. She was screaming, and the real cop started to rescue her. She appeared to run in a doorway. But then an image appeared brightly in a window on the second floor of the building in front of him.
From the corner of his eye he sees that a robber has been stopped. The decoy robber is surrounded. He pulls a gun but raises his hands. This creates a reasonable delay as his hands are in the air, but he has a gun.
The brightly lit bay window on the second floor caught his attention again. It was a trim young business woman and she was starting to undress. She had spell binding beauty and he saw her reach up with both hands and let her brunette hair down. He watched as she unfastened her suit jacket and took it off with dainty moves. She slowly removed her glasses and sexily put one of the ear pieces in her mouth in a kiss with a sucking purse of the lips. She removed her shoes while sitting on the edge of a bed. Slowly she unbuttoned her blouse turning slightly and he could see the shape of her breasts. Standing sideways to the window she reached behind her back and unfastened her bra. This was the critical moment he was hoping for but just as he thought he might get a glorious view, she turned innocently away from the window and removed her bra. But he could now see her reaching around the back to unfasten her skirt, and he was rewarded with a glimpse of her panties.
Just then an aquarium appeared in the window. It must have been a double pane window or it was some kind of computer screen with an aquarium display with some fish starting to appear. He kept looking oblivious of the security guard action nearby. He couldn't miss anything. She started to remove her panties. As he was about to get a glorious view, a large fish swam in front of her in the window, and all he saw was a tempting sample of her butt crack. There seemed to be more fish in the window display now. She bent over to remove her panties from the other foot and he was sure to get a heavenly view, but then a couple of fish drifted by at the worst possible moment. Now she had turned such that all he could see was her sides and the side of her hip. Just as she turned again and he was sure to get a perfect frontal view of her pussy, but more fish blocked the view. He was obviously getting very frustrated and confused standing there as a voyeur in the courtyard.
Evie eight years old, Andrei nine years old, and Tommy twelve, were watching all this on hacked security cameras, laughing hard together in a Skype session spanning several European countries. Nik ten years old, joined them about the time Tommy guided the drone to Evie's open window clasping the prize necklace and released it in her hand. She practically screamed with delight and put it on. They all laughed and giggled.
***
To see my other story listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter below; enjoy!
***
Author's note for the reader; and index:
Technology has advanced in the field of Robots and Remote Control such that some sexual robots are very life like, warm, and are predicted to go into wide use for both men and women. Sexual Dolls and Robots are only toys, expensive toys. They are not alive and they are nonhuman, but some do have Artificial Intelligence and learn rapidly."
Chapter One: Home Alone with a Statute
Chapter Two: Adult Store and Up Skirt Shot
Chapter Three: Deep Throat Training
Chapter Four: Business Woman Lands on a New Idea
Chapter Five: Anonymous Crime Stoppers
Chapter Six: Cuckold by a Robot
Chapter Seven: Cross Dresser
Chapter Eight: Mind Control-Robotic-Lawyer
Chapter Nine: Robot Drone with a Hard-On
Chapter Ten: Salesman Antics; Bi-Curious
Chapter Eleven: Holographic Cock Sucker
***
To see my other story listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter, enjoy!
***