"Knock knock," Gail said, then opened my bedroom door without waiting for me to invite her in. "I'm glad you're decent...thistime," she said with a smirk. I was lying on my bed, messing with my cell phone, wearing a pair of boxer-briefs.
She'd caught me jerking off twice in the past year. I know she didn't do it on purpose: we've been twins for the past eighteen years, and while we didn't walk around naked in front of each other, we also didn't get bent out of shape if one of us occasionally sees something improper.
Which didn't stop her from teasing me for weeks after each time she'd caught me taking care of business.
(I'd never caught her doing anything similar, I should add, but then I tend to be a bit more hesitant when walking into her room. I guess I'm the good twin)
She was toweling off her hair, post-shower, wearing pajamas consisting of a thin top that came down to about her belly button, and what looked like very short boxers. Her normal summer sleepwear. I could hear the shower going, which meant our cousin Cathy, a year older than we were, who was staying with us for a few days, was still in the shower.
"What's up"? I asked.
"You, brother, were totally perving on Cathy today at the beach." We heard the shower turn off.
"Was not."
She gave me that smirk again. She could always see through me.
"She didn't notice, did she?" I asked her.
"Not that I could tell," Gail said. We heard the bathroom door open. "Cathy, come in here for a minute, okay? Scotty's room."
The bathroom's right across the hall from my bedroom, which didn't give me time to slip under the blanket. And once she reached the doorway, there was no way I could cover myself without it looking like a desperation move.
"What's up?" Cathy asked. She was securely wrapped in a towel. The swell of her small breasts was uncovered, and the towel didn't come all that far below her waist -- in other words it covered more than her bikini this had afternoon, but knowing she wasn't wearing anything under the towel made me worry about developing an embarrassing bulge in my briefs.
Cathy seemed a little surprised to see me wearing only said underwear, with Gail standing next to the bed wearing was was essentially also underwear. But Cathy's an only child, and for all she knew this was normal for siblings. And I guess it kind of is.
"As long as all three of us are together," Gail said casually, staring furtively at my crotch as if willing it to respond, "I thought we'd discuss what to do for Cathy's last day tomorrow."
"I wouldn't mind going to the beach again," Cathy said. "I live so far from the nearest beach, I probably won't see another one until next summer."
"Fine by me," I said, noticing that now Cathy was also taking furtive glances at my boxer-briefs. Oh great. And now I could start feeling my cock ready to stir.
"Okay, ladies," I said, "I need to get some sleep. I'll see you tomorrow."
As they left, I couldn't help noticing how much upper leg they were each showing.
As soon as I heard the girls settle into Gail's room, I texted her.
VERY FUNNY
LOL, BET YOU NEED TO JERK OFF NOW
YEAH, AND HAVE YOU BRING CATHY INTO MY BEDROOM AGAIN AND MAKE FUN OF ME? NO THANKS.
:P
YOU KNOW, YOU SEEMED TO BE ENJOYING THAT WAY TOO MUCH
ALWAYS FUN TO TORMENT MY BROTHER
NO... MAYBE IT WAS MORE THAN THAT. YOU WERE REALLY STARING AT ME
JUST TO SEE IF YOU'D EMBARRASS YOURSELF, BROTHER
NO... I THINK YOU WERE GETTING A BIT EXCITED
STOP THAT!
I realized I was breaking the rules here: she always got to make me uncomfortable, but I always felt it was wrong to retaliate. It was just something I'd always let my sister do.
IT'S OKAY TO TEASE ME ABOUT GETTING BONERS, BUT I CAN'T ASK WHETHER YOU WERE GETTING HOT?
SCOTT, STOP IT. I'M YOUR SISTER
I BET YOUR PANTIES WERE GETTING WET THINKING ABOUT ME GETTING A BONER.
She disconnected.
#
When I woke up the next morning, there was a text message waiting for me: OKAY, YOU WERE BEING A SHIT TO ME LAST NIGHT, BUT I HAD IT COMING. I ALWAYS THOUGHT YOU DIDN'T MIND, THAT THIS WAS JUST A GAIL/SCOTT THING WE DID, YOU KNOW? I NEVER MEANT IT TO GET WEIRD OR MAKE YOU FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE.
Not exactly an apology, but it was enough. I'M NOT REALLY UPSET, AND IT'S OKAY. IT'S JUST THAT YOU BROUGHT CATHY INTO IT, AND THAT MADE IT WEIRD.
BECAUSE YOUAREHOT FOR HER?
NO, MAYBE YES A LITTLE, BUT THAT'S NOT THE POINT. ANYWAY, SHE'S OUR COUSIN.
I KNOW, AND I CROSSED A LINE. WOULD IT HELP, WELL, MAYBE I SHOULDN'T SAY THIS, MAYBE IT WILL JUST FUCK THINGS UP AND I'D HATE THAT, BUT WOULD IT BE BETTER IF YOU WERE ALLOWED TO GIVE ME SHIT TOO? LIKE YOU WERE DOING LAST NIGHT?
I have to admit, although I hadn't intended it, or expected it, the thought of her panties getting wet was kind of... arousing. But also uncomfortable.
NO, LET'S JUST FORGET LAST NIGHT AND TRY TO GO BACK TO NORMAL.
IT'S A DEAL.
#
"Back to normal" turned out to be tricky, though: I was sure by now that Gail had let slip to Cathy that I was improperly attracted to her, and I was positive that every time they looked over at me, one of them was checking out my crotch for activity. And while their bikinis were proper enough, it seemed to me that they were each wearing the smallest ones they did own.
Or I was just imagining all of this: if there's one thing Gail knew how to do, it was get inside my head.
But while yesterday they'd spent most of their time hanging out with Gail's girlfriends (my own friends tended to come by at night, with beer in hand), today they never seemed to be far from where I lay.
If I wanted to "perv" on my cousin, as Gail had teased the night before, Cathy wasn't going to make it very difficult.
At one point they lay on their backs on either side of me, and I couldn't ignore the differences in their body types: my sister Gail was about average height, but very curvy. Curves I'd always tried to think dispassionately about, but that was getting a bit more difficult after last night. Had her bikini tops always worked as hard as today's seemed to be doing?
Cathy was the opposite: waif-like, as they used to say, barely over five feet tall. Her bikini top was pretty small, because that's all she really needed.
How had I not noticedthatbefore? Such a tiny bit of cloth, really.
Oh shit, I thought, turning over to lie on my front. I was sure I heard a slight chuckle come out of my sister. She knew I'd had to flip over to avoid showing a boner, but her knowing that was less embarrassing to me than having my cock trying to burst through my swimsuit.
I started thinking that if they were going to tease me this way, thenletthem see my boner for all I cared. Maybe that would gross them out enough to finally leave me alone.
But this was a public beach, and it would be mortifying if anybody else saw that:especiallywhen my sister and cousin are lying alongside me. What sort of freak would that make me?
I was actually half asleep when I heard Cathy ask me "Do you want some lotion?"
"Sure, thanks," I said, as long as she was only doing my back.
The next thing I knew she was sitting right on my ass. I was very conscious that my cousin's pussy was pressed up against my ass, with only our swimsuits separating us.
Which really wasn't that bad, except it got my mine thinking aboutmycrotch pressed up againstherass. That was almost painful, as my hard cock dug into the sand beneath me.
Good thing Cathy weighed next to nothing, I guess.
Her massaging the lotion into my back, though, was remarkably relaxing. And by the time she slid further down my legs so she could rub lotion onto my lower back, my boner had been downgraded to a mild bulge.
Then she rolled of me and said "My turn!"
"Um... in a bit, okay?"
"Come on, Scott," Gail said. "Cathy gave you a nice rub. You owe her one."
"Yeah, why not, Scott?" Cathy chimed in, though she also knew perfectly well why not.
I glanced around and saw that there was nobody on the beach within at least 50 feet of us. "Okay, fine," I grumbled. If this was what they wanted, then I better not hear any shit about it if they saw the start of another boner.
What a weird week this was turning out to be!
I got onto my knees, poured lotion into my palms, and prepared to get to work on Cathy's shoulders. She couldn't see me, but Gail glanced at the front of my swimsuit and gave me a wink. I rolled my eyes and gave her a "oh, grow up" look.
After a few minutes, I could feel Cathy's body relax. My own body, not so much. But whatever.
I was alongside Cathy rather than on top of her which was a good idea not only for the sake of propriety, but because she's so tiny, I didn't want to break her.
I worked my way slowly down to Cathy's bikini top, and was about to get up when Gail said "Can we trust you if I unclasp her top, Scott?"
Cathy raised her head questioningly for a moment, then settled back down. It's not as if she'd never tanned with the back of her bikini top untied, I guess.
Gail reached down and opened the bikini top, probably assuming I didn't know what I was doing and would break it or something. She does know me.
Having my cousin's bare back in front of me -- seeing her, from behind, naked except for her bikini bottoms -- made my mind go places other than "apply sunscreen." But apply sunscreen I did, of course.
I did let my hands wander just a little to the sides, but Cathy's breasts were way to small for me to "accidentally" touch some sideboob. And no, I wasn't proud of myself for wishing I could.
I also have to confess a fleeting fantasy that she'd flip over without re-tying her top, and ask me to massage her front.
"I think you'd better make a quick run for the water, brother," Gail said, and she was right and I did.
The rest of the afternoon nobody did or said anything overtly sexual, but there was no longer any pretense that I wasn't attracted to Cathy and that she didn't know and encourage it. We still remembered we were cousins, of course, but I don't think my parents would have approved of the way we were flirting.
After dinner, we all went our separate ways: Gail and Cathy went to some chick flick with Gail's friends, my parents went out to dinner with some oftheirfriends, and I went out with Allison again, same as the night before. And same as the night before, while I enjoyed myself, I was hoping for something more at the end of the evening, and -- came home a bit frustrated.
I'll admit to having a "type": like Cathy, Allison was slight of build, though not quite as short as Cathy. One advantage to this, especially in the summer, is that this meant Allison usually wore light tops with no bra underneath. Same as the night before, she'd let me slip my hand under her top and play with her breasts. I cursed the fact that we were leaving on a family trip the following day, because another day or two and I was sure she'd let me take the top off completely.
But it wasn't to be.
I got home around 12:30, walked quietly past my parents' room on the first floor -- I was supposed to have been home by midnight, so I didn't want to wake them up -- and walked up the stairs to the second floor, where I stripped down to my underpants and flopped down onto the bed.
I listened carefully for signs of life in Gail's room down the hall. They were still talking quietly, and I cursed under my breath: after my past two dates, and last night in my room, and the beach this afternoon, I was pretty desperate to jerk off. Maybe even more than once.
My phone beeped. It was Gail. COME ON OVER TO MY ROOM. WE CAN WATCH A MOVIE.
IT'S LATE
I KNOW. BUT WE'LL BE DRIVING LIKE SEVEN HOURS TOMORROW, AND I'D RATHER BE TIRED ENOUGH TO SLEEP THROUGH MOST OF IT.
YEAH, OKAY.
AND COME AS YOU ARE, K?
WHATEVER.
Funny, I thought, I couldn't remember ever having walked to Gail's room in just my underwear before: it was always her visiting me for some reason. I wondered how she did it without feeling so... naked.
I have to admit, though, I didn't come as I was: first I'd switched to my baggiest pair of boxers, the least likely to show I was a little hard.
Gail and Cathy were both sitting on a heavy blanket on the floor, watching the screen of Gail's laptop. Gail was dressed much as she was the night before, and tonight Cathy was also dressed for a warm night, in a manner I'd never seen her before: wearing a light t-shirt cut off to just a few inches below her breasts, and plain panties.
She met my glance for a moment, and I could tell she felt as awkward sitting in front of me in her underwear as I did standing in front of her in mine.
But we both kind of liked it.
Cathy was sitting more or less in front of the screen, with Gail on her left, so I settled in on her right. In the glow of the monitor, I thought I could just barely see one of Cathy's nipples through her shirt. Or maybe that was just wishful thinking. But I thought this was going to be a long movie.
(If this had been Allison sitting next to me, of course, this would have been a dream come true: I'd have known this was an invitation to have my way with her cute little breasts, and I would have taken full advantage of it)
Well, at least this wasn't a sexy movie of any sort. With all due respect to Meryl Streep's acting ability, she's never going to give even a hormonally frustrated guy a boner.
About half an hour into the movie, Cathy began leaning against me, and I put an arm around her to hold her steady. My arm was touching only her midriff area, between where her shirt ended and her panties began, nothing improper.
The next thing I knew, Gail was shaking us awake: we'd been asleep on the blanket, our bodies wrapped around each other. And Cathy's top was lying on the floor next to her.
She realized she was topless, and quickly grabbed it and put it back on.Damn and I slept through it!"Come on, guys," Gail said, "it's a quarter to seven, Mom and Dad will be coming to wake us up soon."
I opened the bedroom door, made sure the coast was clear, then dashed to my own bedroom. I changed into a fresh pair of boxer-briefs, desperately wishing I had time to jerk off. After seeing Cathy's little breasts even for just a few seconds, I was ready to cum like crazy.
By the time my father called out a ten-minute warning, I was dressed and packed for the three days we were going to spend visiting Cathy's family. Not much to pack, really: underwear, socks, t-shirts, shorts, and a token pair of pajamas in case for some reason I didn't have the downstairs guest room to myself like I usually did when we went there.
When we got out to the car, we saw that the parents had miscalculated: we'd made this trip with the four of us plenty of times, but never with five people and five people's stuff. The trunk was stuffed full, and while the back seat sat three comfortably, we now had a small suitcase on the floor on the right side.
Cathy volunteered to sit on that side. She kicked off her sneakers and rested her feet on the suitcase, saying it wouldn't be an issue because she was so short. Her knees were about as high as her shoulders, pushing her short terry shorts up her leg almost to the bottom of her panties, which of course I noticed (sitting right next to her), but she seemed to be okay and we hit the road.
Well, for about half an hour. Then she said "Scott, I hate to ask, but can I rest my feet on your lap? I'm losing all feeling in my legs."
I told her sure, and she undid her seat belt, turned around so that her back was against the door, and rested her feet on my lap. She brushed against my cock a couple of times while she was trying to settle in, but I was pretty sure it was unintentional.
It nonetheless made me sigh slightly, and my cock stiffened a bit inside the gym shorts I was wearing. Both of which Gail noticed, and gave me a knowing wink.
And then there was the fact that I could now see far enough up Cathy's shorts to know she was wearing powder blue panties.
Yes, I'd seen her panties for an hour or two last night -- but this was seeing her panties peeking through the legs of her shorts, and that was its own kind of hot
After a few minutes she shifted position again, this time raising her knees a drop, both rubbing my cock again and giving me an even better view up her shorts. Still no indication she was aware of what she was doing; but I kind of hoped she was, because at least then hopefully she'd be careful not to make me cum. Which would have been so nice, of course, and God knows I needed to cum... but cumming in my shorts in the back seat of the car? Gail would be teasing me forever.
I turned to look at Gail who was pretending to have her eyes shut and asleep, but had obviously pulled the legs of her shorts high enough to expose her own pink panties.
She definitely didn't want this to be an easy trip for me.
Dad, as always, was 100% focused on the road -- and Mom, as always, had been softly snoring by the time we were a mile from home.
I noticed Gail taking a quick glance at me. And another quick smile.
One of the rule changes from the other night, I guessed: it would never go further, of course, but from now on light sexual teasing -- from her, anyway -- was okay.
I took the easy way out, kept my glance straight ahead, then eventually closed my eyes and fell asleep.
#
I woke up about an hour later, as Dad pulled into a Denny's for breakfast. Both girls were completely decent.
One sodium-laden meal later, we were back at the car, Gail carrying a to-go cup of water. I thought Cathy would slide into the back seat first, so she could sit at the side with the luggage on the floor. Instead Gail went in first, claiming the center seat.
Cathy motioned for me to get in. "I'll sit on your lap, is that okay? I doubt I'll crush you with my weight."
"Sure, I won't even know you're on top of me," I said, fully aware that I certainly would know. I got in and Cathy climbed onto my lap.
"All settled in back there?" my father called back at us.
"All ready," Gail and I both answered.
We pulled out of the parking lot and Cathy squirmed around a bit to get comfortable on my lap. I could see how this could getuncomfortable forme, but she settled down soon enough. I'm sure she could feel the effect her moving around had had on my cock, and that it had gone on for longer than it legitimately had to.
After a few minutes she lifted her shirt just enough to expose her belly, and took my right arm and wrapped it round her, as a sort of seat belt. It was innocent enough -- but with my hormones racing, the feel of her skin reminded me just about a foot higher were her breasts, which unknown to me had been naked and within reach all last night. My cock twitched at the thought, and she responded by giving her ass the slightest of wriggles.
Things settled down for a while after that, as the three of us discussed our favorite bands and television programs. I couldn't help wondering, though, what would happen if I slid my hands a bit higher, either over or under Cathy's shirt. Did her teasing mean she would welcome that? Was expecting that? I wasn't worried about my father noticing: the back of his seat was pretty high, and he's have to take his eyes off the road for a significant amount of time and twist his body completely around to see anything that was going on behind him.
I was sure Cathy wasn't wearing a bra -- Allison only wore one in the summer if she absolutely had to -- so I was just one (possibly-risky) move away from a (small) handful of breast.
My cock stiffened at the thought.
Cathy felt that, of course, and responded by grinding into my lap.
Since she was grinding against my hardening cock, I didn't think she'd object to my pulling her down harder against it, letting my cock press hard (through our respective shorts, hers of terrycloth and mine thinner nylon) against her. She let out a soft breath, which let me know it was more than okay.
As hard as I was pulling her against me, she began to push down even harder.
I suddenly realized Gail had to be watching us, watching us almost dry-humping (slowly, so not to attract any attention from the driver's seat) -- but when I glanced over at her, rather than a mocking look on her face, she seemed transfixed, almost... aroused?
I suddenly realized this was why they'd made sure Cathy had to sit on my lap.
As Cathy continued to grind down against my cock -- slowly, so slowly -- I began just as slowly moving my hand up her body. If she didn't want her cousin touching her breasts, I was going to give her plenty of time to stop me -- but I hoped she wouldn't.
Her breathing was getting quicker, and I thought she was going to be okay with whatever liberties I wanted to take, when suddenly she lifted herself up from my lap for a moment, which pushed my hand out from underneath her shirt.
It confused me for a moment, then she slipped her shorts down to her knees and planted her ass, covered now in only thin blue panties, firmly on my thin nylon shorts. In my imagination, at least, I could feel the heat of her pussy as my cock slid between her wet, slippery lips.I think she was feeling something similar, because she seemed to be struggling to keep her breathing steady.
I looked over at Gail, who wasn't taking her eyes off of us. I knew it was so wrong to think this about my own sister, but I imagined her giving in to her impulses and slipping her hand inside her own shorts and playing with her own pussy.
And then suddenly I came. I think harder than I'd ever cum in my life, which was no surprise because this was the first time somebody else had made me cum.
Cathy ground down even harder on me as I came, and I think the pulsing of my cock made her cum as well.
I can't believe we managed to stay as quiet as we did.
Unfortunately, by the time we were done, my shorts were soaked through with my cum (Cathy's panties were cum-stained as well, but she simply pulled her shorts back up to hide the evidence).
But Gail had thought this through, even if in my hormone-addled state I hadn't. "Oh shit," she said loudly, "accidentally" spilling her water all over my lap.
"Ahhhh!" I shouted in genuine surprise. That water was still cold.
"What's going on back there?" my father called out.
Good thing he hadn't asked a minute earlier!
"Clumsy here just spilled her water all over my lap," I said, playing up my indignation for all I was worth.
"How bad is it?" he asked.
"Looks like he peed himself," Gail said with a giggle. She was right, of course -- but at least it hid the gallon or so of cum.
"Okay, we'll be hitting a rest stop in about 15 minutes. Just hang tight, and you can run inside and change."
Cathy switched onto Gail's lap, then texted me and Gail together I DIDN'T WANT TO SIT IN THE WET SPOT LOL
GAIL, THANKS FOR THE SAVE, I texted back.
THANKS FOR THE SHOW!!! LOL LOL LOL
At the rest stop, when I was in the men's room changing, I got a text message from Cathy which included a photo of her holding a pair of panties inside a ladies' room stall. YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO HAD TO CHANGE INTO SOMETHING DRY
#
When we got back to the car, though, Cathy climbed back onto Gail's lap, and wouldn't look me in the eye. Maybe she felt awkward about what we'd done. I figured the girls had been schemingsomething, based on how they made sure Cathy ended up on my lap, and Gail must have had some idea what might happen since she had the water handy, but maybe all Cathy'd had in mind was teasing me some, and hadn't intended it to turn into a dry hump.
Like the other night in my bedroom, lines had been crossed.
True, there hadn't been any improper touching -- probably a good thing I hadn't moved my hand up to her breasts -- but what we'd done was undeniably sexual and we'd both cum.
#
By bedtime, it was clear to me that the flirting was over: Cathy wasn't cold toward me or anything, but we were back to a normal cousin relationship. Around nine, we all gathered in the living room, where Uncle Rick had installed a huge screen, to watch a movie. Cathy and Aunt Rani had both changed into pajamas, which I assumed was their habit when watching a movie at night: my aunt in a lightweight but pretty normal nightgown, and Cathy in a sleeveless top and tap pants (yes, Gail told me what they were called later on). Cute rather than sexy, but of course I remembered the previous night when Cathy was wearing a very brief top and panties -- and had somehow during the night lost the top completely.
#
The next day, there was supposed to be a pool party at Cathy's friend's Vicki's house -- Gail and I were going to be her plus-twos -- but the weather was overcast and it was postponed until the following day. The girls suggested we drive to the mall, which sounded pretty dull, but then I remembered that a couple of days after we got home would be Allison's birthday, and I hadn't gotten her anything yet, so I decided to tag along.
It took me no time at all to find a necklace I thought she'd like, and I texted Gail to ask them where they were. TRYING ON BATHING SUITS AT SHOP NEXT TO ICE CREAM PLACE. CATHY SAYS SHE WANTS YOUR OPINION.
I doubted that very much, but I found the place and got there just as Gail and Cathy were stepping out of their respective dressing rooms to check out one another's selections. Cathy seemed surprised to see me, confirming the fact that Gail had been messing with me.
Both were wearing bikinis a bit more daring than what they'd worn at the beach earlier in the week, but nothing scandalous, nothing their parents would get really upset over. "We've been trying to find something for the party tomorrow," Gail explained as Cathy ducked back inside her dressing room.
I had a feeling I'd be waiting for them for a while. At least I'd have something nice to look at while I waited, I guessed.
"I don't think so," Cathy said from inside her dressing room. "Let me see," Gail called out from hers.
Cathy stepped out, and I saw what she meant: the top barely covered what it needed to cover.
Gail came out, looked at Cathy's outfit, and said "I dare you to dive into the pool wearing that."
"I don't think so," Cathy said again.
We both looked at what Gail was wearing: not as dangerous as Cathy's bikini, but the bottoms were smaller. Again, not indecently small, but it covered far less than any pair of panties I'd ever seen her wearing.
I noticed the sign on the wall in front of the dressing rooms: "State health code requires that underwear be worn when trying on swimwear." "I hate to ask this," I said, "but you got me curious: aren't you, supposed to, you know...?"
"We came prepared," Cathy said. Taking a quick look around to make sure nobody was nearby, she quickly yanked down the front of her bikini bottoms, to show she was adhering to the letter of the law by wearing what had to be the tiniest thong panties in existence. She pulled the bottoms back up, but not before I knew for certain that my cousin shaves her pubic hair.
Gail started to laugh. "Are you trying to give my brother a heart attack?"
Cathy shrugged. "He asked."
We were there for about another twenty minutes, and finally both girls found something they liked. I felt a little weird enjoying my sister's bikini choices. I probably should have felt just as weird enjoying my cousin's, but Cathy was obviously okay with it and... well, it had been a weird few days.
In the end Gail didn't buy the set with the very small bottoms, of course, but something that would certainly attract attention at the party. And Cathy didn't end up with the bikini with the impossibly tiny top, but rather a snug top without shoulder straps, which looked super hot over her small bust. I wished I could buy one of those for Allison, but she probably wouldn't have appreciated it. And it would have been more a gift for me than for her anyway.
The girls got dressed, and paid for their suits, and just as we stepped outside, it finally started to rain. Hard. We dashed through the parking lot, screaming and laughing, and by the time we got to Cathy's car, we were soaked. Which didn't matter for me, of course, and Gail was wearing a bra, but Cathy was bra-less and wearing a thin t-shirt that was plastered to her body. This was almost as good as the quick look I'd gotten of her topless the other morning.
The girls climbed into the front seat, me into the back. Instead of heading for the exit, Cathy drove to one of the far ends of the parking lot and stopped. She asked Gail to hand her her bag, looked quickly around to make sure nobody was nearby, then pulled off her shirt, flung it back at me, then quickly pulled the bikini top into place. Between the element of surprise, and the unexpected distraction of a wet t-shirt coming at me, I didn't see a thing. Of interest, I mean.
"I cannot believe you did that," Gail told her.
Neither could I. I also couldn't believe she'd done it quickly enough that I'd missed it.
And yes, I was wondering whether Gail was going to try changing in the car too, but I really didn't think she would.
It was pouring even worse by the time we got back to the house, but we couldn't have gotten any wetter getting out of the car (with the exception of Cathy's bikini top, I guess, which got its first good soaking). As we ran for the front door I was holding my shopping bag in one hand, and Cathy's wet t-shirt in the other, which would have looked odd to our parents if they'd seen me.
Nobody was home, though: on our way back, a message had come through on Cathy's phone, She asked Gail to check it, and it turned out all our parents had gone out somewhere and wouldn't be back until dinner time, pizza in hand.
The girls ran upstairs to Cathy's room, while I went downstairs to the guest room. I was just stripping off my wet clothing when my phone beeped. It was Gail. TOO BAD YOU DIDN'T COME UPSTAIRS WITH US. CATHY THREW OFF ALL HER CLOTHING AND HEADED STRAIGHT TO THE SHOWER.
As if she would have done that if I'd been there, right?
YOU'RE BACK TO GIVING ME SHIT, HUH? I responded.
MAYBE.
Okay, two can play that game. DID YOU STRIP DOWN TOO?
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU ASKED YOUR OWN SISTER THAT!!!
Since neither of us is big on using emojis, I was afraid for a moment that I'd really offended her. Who knew what was and wasn't fair game anymore? But then another text: AS A MATTER IF FACT YES, I'M WAITING FOR THE SHOWER. BUT I'D BE MORE THAN YOUR HEART COULD HANDLE.
Okay, at least I hadn't upset her.
I'M LUCKY THEN. GONNA LIE DOWN FOR A BIT. I took off the last of my wet, cold clothing, pulled on a new pair of boxers, crawled into bed, and passed out.
#
Half an hour later I was awake again. Gail was sitting on the bed on my right, bouncing up and down. Cathy was on my left, under the blanket with me, shaking me and saying "Wakey wakey!" I responded with something clever like "What? What? What?" Then I turned and grabbed Cathy's arms to stop her shaking me, which pulled her closer to me and I could feel the heat of her body.
Gail yanked the cover off of us, saying "Time to get up," revealing the boner trying to force its way out of my underwear. Cathy was wearing only a t-shirt and panties -- not the thong from earlier, alas -- and for the first time I noticed her shorts on the floor next to the bed.
And she very much noticed my growing cock, and I know we were both remembering the way she'd been grinding her pussy into it in the car yesterday.
I pulled the cover back over us, growling "Let me sleep." Cathy was still lying facing me, and this just pressed our bodies closer together. I knew she could feel my cock now.
"I could use a nap myself," Cathy said, staying put.
"Fine then," Gail said, leaving the room and shutting the door behind her.
Cathy reached under the cover with both hands, and pulled off her t-shirt, tossing it onto the floor next t her shorts. "I really don't sleep well with a top on," she said, which I guess I already suspected.
She said "Good night," and pressed up against me again. I couldn't see anything, but I could feel the warmth of her chest on mine.
I put my arms around her to hold her in place.
We were quiet for a moment, then she ground herself slightly against my cock. "This again," she said.
I let my hand slide down her naked back. When I got to the waistband of her panties, I had to decide: over or under? I hoped she'd be okay with my hands on her naked ass, and she was. Of course I wished I could reach between us and stroke her breasts, but I wasn't sure I could smoothly do that.
As wonderful as this all was, I couldn't help feeling frustrated that I still hadn't gotten a good look at her breasts, let alone gotten my hands on them: first I saw her topless for just a few seconds in Gail's room, then she pulled off her shirt in the car and replaced it with her bikini top before I even realized what was happening, and now her bare breasts were rubbing against my chest -- which I certainly wouldn't complain about!
With my hands on her ass, I could pull her even closer, and she continued to thrust against me as my cock, even through my underwear, slid between her legs. Her panties felt silky smooth, the same as they had in the car, but this time I was wearing nothing but thin boxers myself. And we didn't have to worry about anybody in the front seat seeing what we were doing.
She groaned softly as we found a rhythm and my cock continued to slide past what I knew was the lips of a shaved pussy. "Yes, just like that," she said softly.
If a cock could actually burst through a pair of underwear, mine would have. I imagined us doing this with my cock free, and her panties pushed just enough to the side that on one stroke, without either of us intending it, as my cock slid past her wet pussy, it suddenly penetrated her, surrounding my cock with her warm... wet...
"Yes. Yes, I'm going to..." she said
"Oh god," I couldn't help saying as I started cumming, spurt after spurt as if I was never going to stop. I'd thought yesterday's episode in car had been amazing, but this left it in the dust.
"That was... wow," Cathy said.
I could barely even respond. I also realized my boxers were soaked,. Once again.
"Now we really need that nap," Cathy said. "But first, you'd better take this off."
Wow. The thought of it almost made me hard all over again. Before I could respond, Cathy grabbed the waistband of my boxers with both hands and eased them down a few inches, and then I took them off the rest of the way and dropped them to the floor.
And then, believe it or not, I actually did fall asleep.
#
I awoke barely aware that somebody had knocked on the door. I was still naked, behind Cathy in bed spooning her, my right arm draped around her ribcage. Once more, obviously, I'd slept through the opportunity to have my way with Cathy's breasts.
Cathy had been awakened by the knocking. The door opened slowly and before I could say anything, Cathy said -- to Gail, fortunately -- "Shh, he's still asleep."
Okay, then, if that's what she thought, I'd go along with it and see what happens. With my eyes mostly closed, I could still see everything going on.
"You two better --" Gail began, then noticed me still "asleep" and my boxers on the floor. "Holy shit, " she said in an excited whisper, "you actually did it?"
"No, no," Cathy whispered back. She slid out of bed and started gathering up her shirt and shorts from the floor, letting Gail see that she still had her panties on. Of course, since her back was facing me, I once again couldn't see her breasts. "He did make a mess of his underwear, though."
Gail raised a curious eyebrow, and Cathy continued "Best nap ever."
"I hope you don't expect me to be shocked that it came to that," Gail said.
"About ten minutes ago I woke up because I felt a chill. The cover had fallen to the floor. I picked it up and brought it back, but I got a pretty good look at his penis. I couldn't believe how hard it was, so soon after... well, he'd made that mess." Her shirt was back on, but not her shorts yet. She got back onto the bed, and sat cross-legged facing me. "Want to take a look?"
"Eww, no," Gail said. He's my brother."
"You've never seen him naked before? I can't believe that, the way you're always running around in your underwear."
"Never. Well..."
"Well?" Cathy prompted.
"Some momentary glimpses, of course."
"Of course. But more than that?"
"Well..." Gail began again. "A few years ago by accident. We were heading out for a trip somewhere that morning -- to your place, I think -- and Dad ordered us to get an early start. I got up and walked into the bathroom half-asleep to take a shower. I'd only been awake for less than a minute, so I had no idea Scott had gotten up before me and he'd just finished his shower. Because I was still asleep when he shut off the water, you know."
"Right."
"So he was stepping out of the shower to grab a towel jut as I walked in, pulling my nightgown over my head. And like we both froze, for I don't know how long, me topless and him naked with his dick sticking straight out and, you know, getting harder the longer we stood there."
"Oh god," Cathy laughed.
"Well, I think we were both traumatized for life. He realized he was getting hard staring at his sister's boobs, and I realized, well, he was getting hard staring at my boobs."
"And seeing his cock had no effect on you?"
"No," Gail said quickly. "I don't know. Shut up. Anyway, they'll be home with the pizza in about ten minutes, so you two have to get decent and meet us upstairs."
Gail left, and Cathy rummaged through my bag for a clean pair of boxers. Then she shook me wake, and I made a show of regaining consciousness which might or might not have fooled her. She handed me the underwear. "They're almost home." I grabbed the boxers and slipped them on under the blanket, since I wasn't supposed to know she'd been staring at my cock.
I got out of bed, and we both dressed and got upstairs just before our parents showed up along with another couple, their daughter, and three large pizzas.
I was more intrigued by the girl, who seemed to be about my age. Rubenesque, but not really heavy. She was wearing a v-necked t-shirt, and I could see the upper half of a heart tattoo just above her perfect left breast.
She caught me looking at her tattoo and gave me a an accusing glance, but there was a smile behind it: after all, the tattoo wouldn't have been there if she didn't want people to look.
"We ran into the Conways in the pizza place parking lot of all places," my uncle explained, "so we decided to have one big pizza party rather than two smaller ones."
The Conways lived two houses down, my aunt and uncle had known them forever, and the girl -- Vicki -- was like a sister to Cathy. The two families even had keys to one another's houses, and Cathy and Vicki went from house to house as if they lived at both places at once. We'd actually met them on an earlier visit, a couple of visits ago. Vicki had changed. A lot.
The pizza wasn't half bad, and the four of us kids were probably driving the six old folks crazy with our goofing around. Stupid jokes and juvenile noises, things like that. We all must have been in a mood or something.
I also noticed Vicki was doing some low-level flirting. Nothing blatant, just on the level of using her finger to wipe a bit of cheese from the corner of my mouth, and maybe holding it there a second longer than necessary.
After dinner, we were thrown out of the house. Literally. Cathy's parents had downloaded some foreign film from Amazon, "Uun Yeh Vern Spay Dee Basget" or something like that, and they wanted to watch in peace. We were sent to Vicki's house, and her parents told her we could stream something to watch if we wanted -- also cautioned us not to throw any wild parties or burn the place down. Vicki rolled her eyes, letting me know this was maybe the ten thousandth time they'd made this joke.
We got a far as Vicki's back yard, then wandered over to the lounge chairs near the pool. It was a nice night for hanging out outside: the afternoon rain had swept away some of the humidity, but it was still a lot warmer than normal. Vicki stood up, worked her iPhone out of her shorts pocket, and started playing music, about as loud as she could without worrying about the neighbors complaining. Then she sat back down, this time on my lap.
Nothing like Cathy on my lap in the car the day before, mind you, just sitting comfortably. Gail and I got to know Vicki, and vice versa, and Vicki told us some stories about Cathy growing up that her family definitely didn't know about. Cathy seemed to be okay with it until Vicki started what seemed like a story about something Cathy and some guy named Howie did right here in this pool, and Cathy stopped her with "I thinkthatstory can wait for another time," which clearly meant "never."
Now I was intrigued.
"Speaking of that," Vicki said, standing up, "why don't we all hit the pool?"
"Sure, that's good," Gail said, though I knew she'd wanted to hear the Cathy-and-Howie story almost as much as I did.
"We'll get our suits," Cathy added.
"Don't bother," Vicki said, pulling off her t-shirt. "It's just us, we can swim in our underwear." She began siding her shorts down her legs.
Gail looked over at me, and I shrugged. It was weird, but it's not as if we hadn't seen one another in our underwear before. She began unbuttoning her shirt. "Time out, guys," Cathy said as Vicki was about to jump into the pool. "I don't have a bra."
That's right, and I knew that first-hand.
"Okay, how about this?" Vicki said, taking her own bra off and dropping it on the patio next to her shirt and shorts. She caught me staring -- she looked hot as hell, and I saw now that the heart tattoo was a little bigger than I'd have guessed -- and smiled and gave me a wink. I wondered whether this is what she'd planned the whole time.
"Fine!" Cathy snapped, pulling off her own shirt. Vicki seemed surprised that Cathy would actually expose herself in front of me, and I had a feeling there were going to be some interesting questions.
Everybody turned to look at Gail, who was making no move to take off her bra. "Seriously?" she said. "With my brother here?"
I nodded in agreement and Vicki said "Sorry."
I'm not saying I wouldn't have taken a peek, but Gail was right: it would have been weird.
We all played around in the water for about half an hour. Both Vicki and Cathy made a point of rubbing their bodies against me from time to time, Vicki a lot more openly than Cathy (but I thought Vicki was definitely getting suspicious of the attention Cathy was paying toward her cousin). I got the sense that Gail was getting a bit uncomfortable: both because of the flirting going on around her, from which she was being excluded, and also physically, because that wet bra couldn't have been pleasant. I wanted to tell her the world wouldn't end if she took it off, and I wouldn't perv on her or anything, but my saying anything at all seemed fraught with danger.
Both Cathy and Vicki had brushed against my cock enough to know it was rock-hard, even with the water as a mitigating factor. And why not? Even though Cathy had made cum twice this week, I'd never really gotten a good look at her breasts, and now I had both her and her friend teasing me and touching me with their near-naked bodies.
Then Cathy and Vicki went of to the other end of the pool together, and when I turned around I saw that Gail was climbing out of the pool. When she got to the patio chairs, she turned her back to us, unhooked her bra, and let it drop to the ground. Was she about to jump into the pool topless as well?
(Did I want her to?)
But then, her back still to us, she put her shirt back on, without the bra, and settled into one of the loungers.
And Cathy and Vicki were finishing some discussion, and hurrying back over to me.
I was standing in chest-deep water at this point. Vicki stepped behind me, and Cathy in front. Rubbing her bare breasts along my upper back, she said "Cathy tells you you two have been naughty."
"I guess so," I said, not sure where this was going.
"And she made you cum twice, but you've never touched her boobs. Don't you like them?"
"Hell yeah. But I didn't know whether she wanted --"
Vicki reached around me, grabbed my wrists, and placed my hands on Cathy's breasts.
"It's about time," Cathy said with a smile.
I had very little experience touching bare breasts, of course, but Cathy seemed to like whatever it was I was doing. Between that, and Vicki rubbing herself against my back, I was hard as ever in no time.
Cathy slid a hand into my boxers. Maybe I should have seen that coming, but I didn't. She wrapped her fingers around my cock, and began to stroke it.
If I hadn't just cum a few hours earlier, I wouldn't have lasted ten seconds -- especially with Vicki still rubbing her breasts against my back. And my hands still on Cathy's breasts.
Suddenly, Cathy withdrew her hand. I thought the fun was over, but then she grabbed the waistband of my boxers with both hands and yanked them down to my knees, exposing my cock. Then she took my cock in her hand again and resumed stroking.
I wondered whether she'd be okay with my pulling her panties down, but the very thought of it put me over the edge. I let go of her -- couldn't help it -- and with a loud groan I came, and kept cumming until I thought I'd pass out. Cum floated to the water's surface, and clung to Cathy's breasts.
Before I could reach for Cathy's panties, Vicki turned me around to face her. She pulled my face to hers for a kiss -- the first time I'd kissed anybody all week, I realized -- grinding her breasts into my chest as she buried her tongue in my mouth.
We were both moaning loudly as I hooked my thumbs into her panties and began to lower them down her ass. There was no guarantee she was going to let me fuck her right here in the pool, of course, or that I'd be able to get it up again quickly enough if she were willing, but I figured Let me get her naked, and I'll worry about the rest afterward.
Just then Gail ran to the edge of the pool and said "The Conways are on their way back!" and we all scrambled out and into our clothing so we could all be sitting around the pool innocently when they arrived.
The Conways said hi and went inside the house (though not before noticing Gail's bra, which she'd forgotten about, lying on the patio floor). A while later, Cathy, Gail and I went back to Cathy's house (though not before Vicki gave me a goodbye kiss that showed me just how quickly I could get hard again).
I can't say I wasn't disappointed, even though the evening had already gone infinitely better than I'd expected... but as it turned out the night wasn't over yet.