Chapter 5 - Heather takes morning refreshment
It was time to visit Mark's garden again and do the gardening jobs he had agreed to undertake. Gary was a little nervous. Heather unnerved him a little. What if Mark was there with Heather?
Mark was out but Heather was in, once more in her white dress. Gary wondered if she had panties on this time. He was none too sure about a brassiere either. Nice to sit and chat with a cup of coffee before getting on with the gardening.
Gary picked up his fork and started to walk down the garden.
"Aren't you a bit over dressed for gardening?"
Gary knew what Heather meant.
"Don't be shy on my account."
"No, it's OK, I don't have to garden in the all-together."
"But you said you preferred to and it's a lovely hot day. Just leave your clothes here."
It was almost as if he was being told to strip. An easier thing to imagine with a mature, yet rich employer and his young female gardener. How much more was the hourly rate naked? Everyone had their price Gary supposed. The young women gardener prepared to go all the way providing there was 'no funny business, no touching... nothing more...' But that would perhaps have its price as well. Or instead the young male gardener being asked, perhaps after a day or two a, "could you stand a little straighter, a little more upright?" A worrying request from the mature employer, perhaps female or maybe male? Would he be prepared to undertake extra duties if the fee was right?
But to Gary it seemed this was all in reverse. Heather was a lot younger. Not a young girl but nonetheless nowhere near coming up to retirement age, thirty or so and with her long fair hair, nicely tanned legs and all - a good looking woman.
Gary obliged, feeling peculiar undressing with a woman watching. He had not done that, he thought, since he was married. With Zoe and Zara he already seemed to be naked when they met. And she was watching.
It was a pleasant day for gardening and as usual Gary worked away with enthusiasm. He was not sure if Heather was watching him much but it felt a little odd again when she appeared to ask if he would like another cup of coffee. She in her dress and he with nothing on at all. Of course he did fancy coffee and they sat by the pond with the fountain playing merrily away and the fish swimming around chatting. Gary finished his coffee and stood to get on with his work.
"Shall we feed the fish again - or would you rather feed me?"
It came out of the blue, nothing she had said had really led up to that, Though perhaps not completely unexpected. The idea was more than attractive. Gary could feel himself firming up.
"Well, which would you rather?"
Gary looked at the fish and then at Heather sitting in her white dress.
"Not much of a contest."
"Well, come here then."
Gary moved around the table, moved with his stumpy erection now standing, to the other side of the table by Heather. She reached and fully peeled him, leaving Gary somehow feeling really naked.
"Such a big head - a real knob end, Gary. It's lovely. I don't think I've seen something quite so solid on a man but there's just no length to it. Have you tried stretching it?"
Of course Gary had - to no avail. There had been a result, many times when he was young, but not a lengthening. He had come of course - that had been the sole, and pleasant, result of pulling on it.
Heather's fingers were placed all around his shaft in the indentation below the corona and she pulled as if trying to lengthen it.
"Wouldn't it be funny, Gary," she kept pulling, "if suddenly there was a bit of a tearing sound and a further six inches of cock slid out of your body - a magnificent thick, long penis rearing up just for me!"
"I think it might hurt!"
Heather let go. "It is nice, though, Gary, as it is. And it is certainly up for me. I really like it. Squat and firm; as I said, like a Norman tower. Perhaps I should call it Norman! No, I meant Saxon didn't I - round not square. Does it have a name?"
Gary looked surprised. Do men give their penises names? It had never occurred to him.
"No, not really."
"Well, time for, let's stick with Norman. Saxon doesn't really sound right. Could be 'Sax' though! Time for me to get better acquainted with Norman, don't you think? Does Norman like being kissed?"
Norman certainly did!
So nice to watch Heather's lips move closer and then plant a kiss right on the end of his knob. Her tongue coming out to tickle it there, another kiss and then the slow sliding of lips over the knob. And back again.
"That's a lot of knob, Gary, and I know! A real lip stretching knob. A lot for a girl!"
But she was clearly prepared to have another go. Once more the lips parted and the knob absorbed. For most men it can be difficult for them to get their girlfriends or wives to take it all in - take the whole erection into their mouths. The gag reflex is the problem of course. There is a not unreasonable argument that the modern man, the concerned man, the man very aware of women's needs, should try cock sucking himself just so he knows what he is asking of his girl - after all, there are plenty of women who have said after choking on a penis pushed too far that the man, "should try it himself." Gary had not tried - he did not see himself as that modern, as men go! He was a bit old fashioned really. But, equally, it was not his problem. No woman was going to choke on the length of his penis. Other men could try sucking to appreciate what a woman can be asked to do - cocks of their own length but he did not need to!
Heather's lips slipped on down Gary's shaft until he was fully in her mouth. Lovely for him to see Heather's face pressed into his curly hair and feel the warmth of her mouth all around his cock.
She began that nice bobbing motion. Lips sliding wetly up and down Gary's cock, tongue playing when there was room on the up stroke. A full up and down fellation. Lovely - and all Gary had to do was stand there and enjoy the sight and feelings.
"Is that nice Gary. It certainly feels good. Such a smooth, knob, Gary - is it almost bursting with goodness?"
It was certainly getting that way. Heather sat back looking at it for a moment or two, all wet with her saliva before resuming her fellation.
Heather's tongue licking the knob, up its shiny surface to the top; Heather dropping down a little and sliding her tongue right up the shaft - not once, but again and again; Heather's tongue flicking at his ball sack - playing with the folds of skin; Heather absorbing one of his testes into her mouth and carefully rolling that around with her tongue.
Lovely to see Mark's pretty wife but with his own, Gary's, penis lying along her cheek as she sucked on his ball.
"Well, what have we here, Gary? A result!"
A little bubble of seminal fluid had appeared and was sitting right at the tip of his knob in the little indentation there. Heather settled back and looked at it.
"Let's see what you taste like. Will I like it or will we be feeding the fish after all? They certainly liked it that time, yeah, quite lapped it up, and I certainly liked seeing you shooting your stuff across the pond. Let's try and see. Do I like it?"
Ever so slowly Heather moved the tip of her tongue towards Gary's knob and the little bubble of fluid. A teasing slow motion. Wonderful! Watching her coming closer and closer, her tongue outstretched towards the very tip of his standing penis.
"Mmmm." The tip of the tongue delved. "Nice and salty. The fishes are going to be unlucky today. I'm going to enjoy this."
The lips parted and Gary was reabsorbed.
Her hand reaching to gently lift and hold his balls as her mouth worked him. It was clear she was now expecting Gary to deliver.
Gary looked around the garden and smiled. Was he not a lucky chap! What would not do, though, would be for Mark to come home just then and find Gary with his cock stuffed in his wife's mouth, possibly - and it was not going to be long before that happened - actually coming.
It seemed appropriate - one of those etiquette things - to warn Heather of the imminent spasm with the classic words, "Heather, I'm coming!"
Just so lovely to be pouring his stuff into the woman's mouth, the first spurt, the strong second and then the third.
Heather pulled away swallowing hard.
"Too much...oh!"
The released penis had just delivered a fourth spurt catching her on the face. Her lips moved and caught the knob again as Gary finished delivering his ejaculation.
"Gary!" Her mouth separated from him.
There was cum on her face, on her lips and when her tongue swept across her lips he could see some in her mouth.
"Fuck, so much! You're like a geyser! Easier feeding the fish! You've certainly fed me!" She was laughing.
Her hand went to her face and her fingers caught the escaped spurt. Lovely to see her bring her fingers to her mouth and suck it from them.
"Well, I won't need lunch now - will I?"
Gary smiled and moved away towards his gardening fork.
"Come here Gary, you're still dribbling a bit."
His rather softer, very sensitive, post orgasmic penis was lifted and sucked again. The tongue almost unbearable for Gary on the sensitive glans as Heather ensured there was not a drop of refreshment wasted.
In fact Heather did have some lunch. She produced a very nice salad when one o'clock came around and they sat by the pool enjoying it.
Standing, after lunch, Gary was pleased to find Heather's hand reaching and holding him and gently wanking him. He responded. Gary's reservoir replenished somewhat - he could come again.
"It's such a lovely little thing." She was looking closely at it, moving it and playing with it.
Heather played a little and then she too stood and, holding Gary's penis in her hand, walked him over to the pond. A funny way to be led by a woman!
"Shall we feed the fish again, Gary? I'd like to see you again do that. I'm too full with lunch to have any more."
So nice to stand there by the pond and be wanked. Heather in her white cotton dress smiling as she watched her hand work. Gary looked at her, at the brown limbs, her brown shoulders and the freckles and the little white straps holding up the dress. Was she wearing panties today? Funny to have seen her sex the other day but not her breasts. Heather's breasts were close enough to him but hidden in the white cotton - the cotton was thin and as she moved him there was just the slightest swaying movement within the cotton. He did not think she was wearing a brassiere.
Again Gary worried about Mark coming home. What would he think to find Gary naked and with his clothed wife wanking him?
Below him Gary saw the fish were gathering. It could not be at all that they knew what was about to happen, hardly, but the presence of people presumably often meant the arrival of fish food - a handful tossed into the water. Tossed! Ha!
Heather was varying her stroke. Now it was a quick covering of the glans and then a slow peeling back - really pulling back so his knob stood really proud before being covered again.
"Oh, it's lovely Gary. Just so thick and firm. Come on feed those fish, let's see it come."
Her fingers beginning to build up speed, working the man.
And then the ejaculation. Heather aimed well. A first spurt flying and dropping down to the fish and then a powerful second stream really heading out across the pond. Some of the fish turning and swimming towards it as it landed. Gary managing a third almost as far. He was watching, not simply closing his eyes in pleasure but watching what he did and Heather's hand. A fourth and fifth as the fish darted, turning this way and that.
Free ejaculation in the sunshine - marvellous!
"I'm afraid I've got to go out now. Impressive. I did enjoy!" A squeeze from Heather, "And I think the fish did too!" and she was on her way leaving Gary standing by the pond.
Gary smiled as he watched her leave. Time to do some more gardening even if he felt a little tired. Being ejaculated twice in quite swift succession takes it out of a fifty-nine year old man - and he did not just mean the semen! How lovely it had been. The casualness of it all. First a sucking and then a wanking, a very vigorous wanking, and then a spurting. Heather was delightfully sexual - if a bit scary. It had all been her initiating the activity, not Gary, and he had not had to do anything in return - had not so much as laid a finger on that white dress and what lay beneath. It had certainly been an enjoyable day's gardening. Gary still did not know if she had panties on under that dress. It would have been nice to have found out.