Pulling away from Julie's apartment complex, I felt relieved I'd been able to successfully explain what was happening when my daughter caught my brother, her Uncle Jack, thrusting feverishly between my legs.
Just two hours earlier, Jack and I were having sex in my marital bed when Julie appeared out of nowhere – completely unexpected, and stood in the door way with the look of complete shock and horror on her face. She was more than angry at first; she was seething mad. She's always been extremely close with her father, and I knew she'd never stand by and allow her father to be hurt by anyone, including me. But, once I told her what had transpired between her father and me for the last ten years, she seemed to be less angry, and, somewhat understanding.
The only thing was, in order to get her to fully understand the situation with her father and why Uncle Jack was humping me, I had to tell her everything – and I mean everything. As hard as it was to break the news to my daughter that her father was a sexually submissive man with an underlying panty fetish and cuckolding desires, I knew I had to tell her the difficult truth.
Hopefully, if I told Julie everything, she wouldn't talk to her father and that would allow him to save face, and avoid an embarrassing confession on his part. I couldn't allow him to be hurt, or be wounded in the eyes of hid daughter, so considering my options, taking Julie into my confidence would be better than seeing Tim torn down and battered with shame in the eyes of our daughter.
Tim and I had been through so much turmoil in the last ten years. They were difficult years, but, things were much better now. We'd gotten some professional help, and, once I opened my eyes and saw what I needed to do to save my marriage, I took responsibility and we made changes. And soon, things did start to get better. He was getting erections again and we were having sex, lots of sex. We were even cuddling, holding hands and talking again. We went back to being a couple, and for the first time in many years, I was having orgasms with his penis inside me – strong and wonderful orgasms while he made love to me.
And, willing to do whatever I needed to do to protect my recovering marriage, I told Julie everything. Sitting across from my daughter, I poured my heart out to her. I could tell she was having a hard time accepting what I was saying, so, I made a sincere offer to prove I was telling her the truth by letting her see for herself. After the long and difficult conversation, Julie finally accepted what I was saying. She even apologized for getting upset with me, as well as barging in on me and my brother while we fucked.
However, her untimely visit to the house was bad for another reason, too. It interrupted us, and my brother wasn't able to get to the point where he could cum inside my pussy, ruining my husband's weekly creampie treat. Between that, and the time lost driving over to Julie's apartment and explaining it all to her, I was now in a serious panic. Tim would be home in less than two hours and the surprise I knew he'd been looking forward to all week had evaporated into thin air.
The only saving grace was Julie's apology, and her eventual offer to help me come up with a substitute surprise for Tim that night. Fortunately, I was able to think of something by recalling a discussion where my husband said he might want to try a little more humiliation, and with a little thought, I put a loose plan together in my head, explained it to Julie and asked her if she was serious about her offer to help.
I had my doubts that Julie would actually show up tonight, as she said she would. I told my daughter many things about her father that had the potential to traumatize her as we sat on her couch. Through it all, she seemed to finally accept it, but, I was worried the shock of hearing me propose she use my strap-on cock on her father's butt tonight just might have pushed her too far.
To make it easier for her, I assured Julie he'd be blindfolded so he wouldn't see her, and, there were other things I could do to distract him so he wouldn't know it was her. I told her I'd get him ready, do all the set up and make it all happen if she'd just show up and follow my instructions.
We'd all benefit from this, or at least that was my plan – Julie would see for herself I was telling her the truth and she'd gain an insight to her father she never had before. For me, I'd get to make good on my weekly duties to give Tim his fantasy treat, and, my husband would get to live out his newest fantasy and have the time of his life by being exposed, displayed and fucked with a strap-on by someone else while I watched and assisted in his requested humiliation.
As I drove back to the house, I called my brother. I quickly told him I'd smoothed things out with my daughter and asked for a favor. "Jack," I pleaded, "I really need your help. I can still make this happen for Tim tonight, but, I need you to masturbate into a condom and run it over to the house before Tim gets home. Can you do that for me?"
I didn't explain everything to my brother because I didn't want him to know I'd dragged my daughter into this, but, telling him I could just squeeze the cum from his condom up into me seemed to convince him, and luckily, he said he'd do it and run it right over. I felt fortunate he was able to help, and I promised to do something special for him next week to replay his generosity.
The Friday afternoon rush hour delayed my drive back to the house so it was just at 5:00 PM before I got there. I knew Tim would be home in less than an hour, now. While I was driving, I thought about how I'd orchestrate the evening, and by the time I pulled up into my driveway, I was pretty happy with the plan I'd come up with. In fact, it was ingenious and if it worked out, my poor husband would be deliriously happy, thoroughly satisfied and completely spent by the time the night was over.
I was excited, too. My panties were wet thinking about how Tim was going to react the instant he realized I was bringing in another woman to see him in his panties and fuck his cute butt with the strap-on. Plus, he'd be thrilled when I held his face in my crotch to suck out my brother's cum while he got screwed, and, his thick cock would be throbbing and pulsing with excitement, ready to satisfy me for hours once Julie was finished fucking him and she'd gone home.
I went to change into a light summer sundress, ditching my bra, but keeping my same panties on so my husband wouldn't suspect anything. It wasn't long before my brother came by with the condom filled with his cum, and as I looked at the clock, I figured I had about thirty minutes before my husband arrived home.
Busying myself in the kitchen, I immediately started working on an early dinner. Typically, I'd be lying on the bed when Tim came home. I'd have pulled my panties back on after my brother had finished pumping my pussy full of his sperm. Tim knew never to arrive home on Friday any earlier than 4:45 PM, and my brother was always gone at least ten minutes before that. During those ten minutes, I'd get out of the bed, slip my panties up my legs and start to massage my wet pussy through the fabric of my panties to mix up our combined juices and help Jack's cum start moving down to the mouth of my vagina where Tim could get to it easily.
But, today would be different. I fully expected Tim to be confused when he rushed into the house expecting to find me lying on the bed with my legs spread, well fucked and juicy for him. Instead he'd find me in the kitchen cooking dinner. No problem, I had a plan and knowing Tim, he'd play right into it and that would allow a perfect opportunity for me to start the evening's activities off in a way that would further confuse him.
I was getting incredibly damp at my deviousness, and I honestly stopped to wonder if my husband would be able to survive the night and keep from cuming when our daughter bent down behind him and slipped the strap-on cock into his ass. I expected Julie wouldn't be there more than an hour, and then I'd take some time to reinforce his humiliation after she left by describing the way he looked, sounded and acted as I exposed him and then let another woman fuck his ass with my strap-on. Then, I'd get on top of his cock and ride him until I couldn't cum anymore. Finally, when I was totally satisfied and pleasured, I'd let him have his way with me – letting him fuck me anyway he wanted, and once he came inside me, I'd sit on his face and let him take as long as he wanted to suck and lick me clean. After that, we'd fall asleep in each other's arms, kissing and hugging and he'd tell me how much he loved me.
It was about 5:50 and I was very close to having our dinner done when I heard the deep hum of the garage door opener. A minute later, I looked up and Tim was standing in the middle of the kitchen with his car keys dangling from his hand and a very confused look on his face.
"Oh, good." I said, looking casually over my shoulder at him. "You're home."
"What's going on?" He asked, curiously.
"Nothing." I replied, "Just making dinner. Hey, help me out by setting the table, would you? I'll be done here in a couple of minutes."
I heard his footsteps as he walked up behind me and put his arms around my waist. "Hmm," I sighed as he hugged me, "I'm glad you're home. I missed you today."
His hands began wandering, exploring me, and when he discovered I wasn't wearing a bra, his hands immediately went for the hem of my sundress and he started to reach up under it toward my pussy.
I wiggled away from him with an over mitt on one hand and a large, wooden spoon in the other hand. "Come on," I giggled, "none of that now, I'm trying to cook. I asked you to set the table for me, remember?"
He smiled and took a step toward me, reaching for the hem of my dress again. Holding the spoon up in front of him, I gave him a stern look and said, "Tim, I don't ask you to do that much around here, and this is the third time I've had to ask you to set the table for me. Now, come on, please help me out. And, wash your hands before you touch my clean plates."
Ignoring the dejected look on his face, I turned toward the stove, and giggled to myself at the way this was unfolding. Reaching to stir the saucepan on the stove and then bending down to open the oven door and reach in to pull out the casserole I heated up, I heard him walk to the sink, and noisily jerk the handle up to turn the water on. He was being loud and abrupt – a sign he wasn't happy about something, and that made me smile, too. He was well on his way to being right where I wanted him to be at the end of our dinner.
I made endless, mundane conversation while we ate. I asked about his day and what he had for lunch. I told him how I thought I needed some new curtains for the kitchen, and then described the kind of pattern I wanted so it would brighten it up in there. I kept on, and on, while he picked at his food, face down, sulking to himself while he ate. When I was about done eating, I asked him in a quite matter-of-fact tone why he was being so quiet. "Is there something wrong, Dear?" I asked.
He slammed his fork down, it startled me and I jumped a bit. "So what's gotten into you today?" He asked. "It's Friday, you know. I had a hard week and I was looking forward to having some fun tonight. Surely you didn't forget it was Friday?"
Okay, time for phase one of my plan to start.
"Tim," I said, leaning over the table at him, "I've had a hard week, too, and I just spent a lot of time making us a nice dinner and the least you can do is be sociable and pretend to appreciate it. You know, I think I've had about enough of you taking me for granted."
Then, standing up and dropping my napkin down to the table, I pointed to the stairs and said, "Dinner is over. Get up to our bedroom right now."
Tim was more than a little surprised at my forcefulness, but, knowing his submissive nature, I knew he'd do it without questioning me. And as he stood up, I glared at him and pointed again to the stairs, following him as he made the turn from the kitchen, walked up the stairs and into our bedroom. "Into the bathroom." I said. "Take your clothes off."
I reached into our bathroom medicine cabinet, took out my razor and put a new blade cartridge on it while he undressed. Then, reaching into the shower, I grabbed my shampoo and set it on the side of the tub, along with some body moisturizer. Then, turning to look him in the eye, I said, "You have thirty minutes. When I come back, you better be clean and completely hairless, with no stubble on your face or below the waist. You've just earned yourself a punishment tonight, buster. If you're smart, you won't make it any harder than it's already going to be."
Without saying another word, or allowing him to say anything in return, I started to leave. As I got to the door, I turned, saying, "If you get done before I come back, put on the clothes I lay out for you on the bed, and then wait for me."
"Do you understand?" I asked.
I could tell he wasn't going to cross me because he was in his zone now – that special submissive place he loved so much. In the matter of a few minutes, he'd given up control to me and he would do anything I told him to do. He knew damn well as soon as I reached for the razor something different was happening tonight since he'd just shaved his pubic hair four days ago. But, that's okay – I knew he'd do it, and, I knew he'd rack his brain trying to figure out why I was telling him to shave again. The mystery would consume him, raising his anxiety level and his anticipation of what was to come.
Closing the bathroom door behind me, I broke into the biggest smile you could ever imagine and nearly fell over because I started to laugh so hard. Stumbling to his panty drawer, I reached into the back and pulled out the panties that were, for no better terms, his panty nemesis.
They were actually man panties which I ordered for him online from a specialty site. They were full cut - exactly like a man's brief, but, they were intentionally feminine, edged with frilly piping on the legs and waist, and they were made from a soft, mesh material that was virtually see through. They came up almost to his waist, and would just about contain all of his ample cock when he got an erection. Being as big as he was down there, what usually happened was that his cock tented out the panties, pushing against the material lewdly.
What he really hated about these panties, though, was they were pink, and the only time I made him wear them was when he was going to be punished. I never dressed him in them to play, and they quickly became known as his "Punishment Panties." Any time he saw them, he instantly knew what was coming.
Leaving the dinner plates and dishes as they were, I went into my daughter's old bedroom to get it ready for the next stage of my plan.
In the reading I'd done on the internet about role playing, I learned the importance of having a place that was set aside to be 'safe'. So, I was very careful not to ever directly spank, punish or sexually humiliate my husband in the sanctity of our bedroom. That was the place of our marriage bed – the place where we made love. We'd play and fuck in every room of the house, but, we made love and cuddled in our bed, and when we were there together, I was his loving wife and he was my strong, handsome husband.
But, as much as I was careful about keeping our bedroom safe, I was also just as diligent about where he was punished, and that was in my daughter's room. On top of that, I preferred to punish him the same way each time so he knew exactly what to expect when I took him in there dressed in his punishment panties. Usually I punish him by using forms of embarrassment and humiliation along with a spanking. Tim always gets an erection when he's punished, and he's told me time after time how much he honestly enjoys it. At times, he's even come to me and confessed something so I'll have a reason to punish him. I'm very conscious of his feelings and I don't ever say, or, do anything that might have any lasting ramifications. He'll have a raging hard-on after we're done, apologize for whatever he did, and then we'll fuck for hours.
This time, however, he wasn't going to be spanked. This time, he was going to experience embarrassment and humiliation at a level he'd never thought was possible. Of course, I would monitor everything closely, but there was no doubt in my mind that he'd be gratified and thanking me before the night was over.
I prepared the place for his punishment, my daughter's old bed, by attaching the soft restraints ropes onto the posts of the bed. Tim was actually the one that devised and engineered his own restraint setup. The four specially designed ropes attached to the four posts of the bed and would hold him comfortably and securely in place as he kneeled on a thick pillow at the side of the bed. Bent exactly at the waist, his body would be pulled over the bed so his chest was lying on the mattress, and his butt would be sticking out, perfectly positioned for what ever I wanted to do to him.
Once in that position, he couldn't move until I released him. I could sit on the bed to scold him, spank him, even take his cute ass with my strap-on if I wanted to and he couldn't do a thing about it. I never left him tied up there very long – at the most, maybe twenty or thirty minutes, but, the instant I took him in there, he always accepted his fate. He never gave me any trouble, either. He'd immediately kneel down on the pillow and attach the velcro attached loops around his thighs and then I'd do his wrists for him. A quick tug on the adjustment tabs and the ropes were snugged up just tight enough so he could barely wiggle his arms and legs.
As I was getting it all ready, I smiled to myself knowing this was going to be considerably different for him this time, but I had this gut feel he'd be surprised out of his mind with the kind of pleasure he'd only dreamed about. Not only was I going to tie him down, but, I was going to lube him up and put a vibrating butt plug in his cute ass. He'd be blindfolded, which wasn't uncommon at all, but, I was going to add a pair of earphones over his ears and play a cassette tape with the sounds of my brother and me fucking. I'd leave him there for a while until my daughter arrived, and by then, he'd be a wiggling, quivering mass of man ready to submit to anything. Then, the fun would really begin.
There was a purpose for everything I was doing. He'd wear the blindfold the whole night until Julie was gone. The real reason for the butt plug was to start getting him lubricated, and open, to make his shameful butt fucking easier and more pleasant for him. The audio tape was something Jack and I made several weeks back, which I thought might come in handy one night as a surprise, just to tease Tim. However, tonight, I wanted to deprive him of his hearing so he wouldn't hear Julie coming in or us talking, and this was an easy way to do it. Tim didn't know about the tape, and I'd never, ever let him watch, or listen to Jack fuck me, so this would certainly be a first and a huge surprise for Tim to actually hear what went on between my brother and me.
In all, he'd be tied to the bed in his shameful panties, which I'd pull down to lubricate his ass, and put in the butt plug. He'd be blindfolded and forced to listen to a tape of my brother and I saying nasty things to each other, and the sounds of me slurping up and down his cock and my moaning as by brother fucked me. The big kicker was he'd be lying there just like that when I brought our daughter in to see him, and she'd stay in there with us while I made him display himself to her, pull down his panties and show her his cock. Lastly, that's where Julie would take his ass with the strap-on as he cleaned my brother's cum from my pussy.
When I was finished getting everything ready in my daughter's room, I ran downstairs and put my brother's cum filled condom in a coffee cup of hot water to warm it up. I'd wait until the last minute to squeeze his cum up into me because I wanted it to be warm, and I really wanted Tim to have to work for it this time, licking and sucking at me to get it out while our daughter took him from behind.
Snickering at my wickedness, I walked back up the stairs into the bedroom and looked at the clock. The timing was going to be perfect. It was 7:05 and he had another ten minutes left before his time was up. By the time he was done, I got him into the other room and tied down, butt plug in place and earphones on his head, Julie would be here within thirty minutes – so everything was going to work out fine.
I decided it might be best if I gave Tim a slight reason to be hopeful he'd get his treat, so, I took off the sundress and put on a short t-shirt so I was in my normal house attire of just t-shirt and panties. Perhaps it would relax him if he saw me dressed like I would normally be, and besides, I wanted him to see I was wearing the same panties I put on this morning and wonder if his treat was waiting for him inside them. I had to make this all as believable as I could.
Just then, I heard the water turn off in the shower. Unless I was wrong, Jim had shaved his crotch smooth, washed his hair and his body, and was now starting to towel himself off. Next, he'd begrudgingly slather the body moisturizer on his body, brush his teeth, and come out to find his punishment panties on the bed for him to wear. This was going to be so deliciously agonizing for him, but, when it was over, I'm sure he'd fall into my arms and pledge his undying love. Tonight alone would be enough to keep him excited easily for a whole week, and maybe two weeks. Plus, I'd get thanked and rewarded each day by his affection, and by his handsome, hard cock.
After a few more minutes, Jim opened the door and stepped out of the bathroom. I could see his impressive cock was half hard, meaning he'd probably been rubbing himself in the shower. Seeing him in his semi-hard state meant he was excited by something, and deep in my heart, that made me feel really good. Any other time, I would have chastised him for being aroused, but, I couldn't bring myself to spoil his mood.
When Tim saw the pink punishment panties lying out on the bed, his face went totally blank and I could read the angst and disappointment in his eyes. He knew it would mean his gratification would be delayed while he took his punishment – most likely a spanking, but, little did he know that was not the case tonight.
"Come on," I said, after he looked at me and groaned, "don't act like a six year old. It's not been that long time since you've had to be punished. You know the drill."
I picked up the panties and stooped down in front of him. Then as I did every morning, I held them out, opened them up and waited for him to step inside them. He smelled heavenly as I knelt in front of him. Between the aroma of my shampoo and the body moisturizer, I was sure he was already starting to feel embarrassingly feminine, but that was nothing compared to the embarrassment he would experience when I showed him off in his feminine panties in front of our visitor - our own daughter.
After pulling his panties up his legs and settling them at his hips, I reached down to cup his balls gently in my hand. Massaging him tenderly, and then moving my hand up to grasp his semi-hard member, I leaned into him and kissed him on the cheek. "I love you more than anything, Tim." I said, as sweet as I could. "But, this is for your own good, you've earned it."
"And," I continued, stepping back and resting my hands on his chest, "if you're a good boy tonight and do exactly as I say, perhaps you can still have your little treat." Almost immediately, a smile turned up at the edges of Tim's mouth and he nodded his head.
"But," I warned, "if you disobey me, or, complain even once, I might just put you to bed and you'll have to wait a whole week to have another chance. Keep that in mind. Okay?"
Tim promised he'd be good. He promised he'd do exactly what I told him; he wouldn't disobey and he wouldn't complain. Seeing that he meant it, I reached up on my tiptoes and kissed him on the lips. "Come on, then," I said, "there's no reason to waste anymore time."
With that, I reached down to take him by the hand and led him across the hall, into our daughter's old room. Without being told, Tim went to the side of the bed, knelt down on the pillows and began to attach the velcro closures around his upper thighs. When he finished, he bent his body over the bed, wiggled his chest a bit to get in a comfortable position, and then spread his arms out to his side as a signal he was ready for me to attach the wrist cuffs.
The cuffs, themselves, were well padded and adjustable so I could make them as tight, or as loose as I wanted around his wrists. Normally, I'd leave them a little loose, but tonight, I put them on tighter – but, not tight enough to be uncomfortable. I wanted everything to feel different tonight, and when I reached down to spread his knees further apart on the pillow, and then tightened up the lower ropes to hold his thighs wider, I'm sure he began to wonder what I was doing.
Kneeling down next to him, I reached my hand between his body and the mattress, snaking my down hand into the front of Tim's panties and wrapping my fingers around his cock. As I suspected, he was hard, and as I gripped him tightly I leaned over his body and ran my tongue around his ear. Nuzzling his neck, I whispered, "I love you, Tim. Don't forget the promises you made me a few minutes ago. I'll be hurt if you disobey me tonight."
Leaning back up, I reached over to pick up the blindfold and sat on the bed next to him. He lifted his head to assist me, and I easily wrapped the leather blindfold around his head and attached it. The large eye shields insured he wouldn't be able to see anything, but, just to make sure, I leaned down and said, "No fussing with the blindfold until I take it off. I'd definitely consider that disobedience, Tim."
Again, he nodded, and at this point I'm sure he expected me to begin our spanking ritual. Instead, though, I stood up behind him, saying, "Tonight, we're going to try something different, and, I expect you to be cooperative and obedient. I want you to concentrate on those two things, Tim. If you do, you'll be rewarded. If you don't, no treat for a week."
I left the room and went to my secret hiding place to get the lube and syringe, the butt plug, the audio tape, the small tape player, and the earphones. Seeing a pair of my daughter's panties, I chuckled to myself and picked them up, too. Then, returning back to my daughter's room, I stood at the doorway to see Tim hadn't moved one iota. I sat on the bed next to him and casually took my time putting the audio tape inside the player, plugging it in the wall socket and attaching the earphones to it. I took my time and filled the baby medicine syringe with lube and made sure the vibrating butt plug had batteries. All the while, Tim lay there quietly next to me, never saying a word and not moving at all. I kept looking over at him, smiling – almost laughing, wondering what was going through his mind, but, he was as still and quiet as a church mouse.
Finally, when I had everything ready to go and without saying a word, I stood up, put the earphones over his ears and pressed the play button. In almost one fluid motion, I reached down, pulled the back of panties below the bottom of his butt cheeks and bent down behind him. Carefully, I spread his butt cheeks and inserted the tip of the baby syringe into his butt and squeezed in a full 7ml of lube into his butt. This was more than I ever used for the butt plug, but, I wanted him to be well lubed and comfortable when Julie guided the strap-on into him.
The butt plug we have is truly a wonder of technology. It has an inflation bulb attached to a hose so the butt plug can be inflated or deflated to the desired size. So, inserting the butt plug is always easy, and when I pushed it into Tim's ass, there was only a momentary gasp from him as it went in past his outer ring and came to rest snugly inside him. Then, reaching for the inflation bulb, I squeezed it until the plug inflated inside his butt. Lastly, I flipped the switch and the vibrator turned on, silently humming inside him.
I knew by now the audio tape was playing and Tim was listening to the nasty sounds of me slurping my brother's cock down my mouth. The moaning and gasping on the tape was almost obscene, and I knew Tim would be able to clearly make out both of our voices. I'm sure he was shocked as hell when he figured out he was listening to his own wife and her brother, especially since I'd been adamant that that he never be at the house when Jack came to visit. But, as the gentle hum of the vibrating butt plug filled the quiet, I reached around into his panties and found his cock to be incredibly hard and strong, which told me he was getting turned on by what he was listening to.
Still, Tim had not said a word or moved an inch. Other than the instinctive groan he uttered when I slipped the butt plug in, he hadn't even made a sound. Now, to top everything off, I turned my daughter's panties inside out, folded them in half and laid them, crotch side up, less than an inch from the side of his face. Eventually, he'd find them, or, perhaps smell them.
I smiled to myself as I surveyed my handiwork. Everything was perfect. Then, with the knowledge that I was going to bring our daughter up to see him just like this, I nodded my head with the satisfaction that everything was ready. Her first view of her father would be priceless, and hopefully, prove to her that I was telling the truth about her father's submissive nature.
Leaving Tim bound to the bed and helpless, I walked back into our bedroom and glanced at the clock. I had twenty five minutes before our daughter arrived – plenty of time to pick up the dinner dishes. But, thinking better of it, I trotted down the stairs and fished around in my purse for my cell phone and called Julie.
When she answered, I asked if she was on her way, and thankfully she said she was almost here, maybe no more than five minutes away. "I'm so happy you didn't back out, Dear. I appreciate what you're doing for your father." I said. "Just come on in when you get here, and don't worry about your father. Right now, he couldn't hear an airplane crash in the back yard." I added. "You'll see when you get here."
So, I poured a glass of wine for me, and one for my daughter. As I was putting the cork back in the wine bottle, I heard the front door open, and a moment later, I turned to see Julie tiptoeing into the kitchen. I leaned back against the counter, giggling to myself and holding the glass of wine out to her. "He can't hear a thing right now." I said, chuckling at the way she was walking. "Relax."
"Where's Daddy?" Julie asked, looking over into the family room and then walking to take the glass of wine out of my hand.
"He's upstairs." I replied, still laughing at the way she was sneaking into the kitchen.
My daughter turned toward the stairs, looked back at me, and took a step in that direction. As she paused and looked up the incline, I said, "Julie, wait a minute. Maybe it's best if we talk for a few minutes before you see him."
Again, she peered up the stairs briefly and walked back into the kitchen and leaned against the counter next to me, sipping her wine. As soon as she did, I smelled her perfume, and smiled broadly. "Wow!" I said, enthusiastically. "What perfume is that?"
"Sinful." She said, blushing. "It was on sale. I kind of like it." I nodded my head and told her I liked it, too. I knew Tim's taste, and I knew it would tweak him in a good way. It smelled very feminine and mystifying.
"Look," I began, "I just want to prepare you for what you're going to see before I take you up there." I explained. "He got a little snippy with me when he got home, so after dinner, I had to punish him."
My daughter stopped, mid sip, and pulled her wine glass away from her mouth and looked at me. "Don't worry." I said, trying to reassure her. "It's not what you think. But, he is restrained, and, he's dressed in his cute little punishment panties, so don't be alarmed when you see him. It's all part of our regular routine. He hasn't been spanked, or anything like that, he's just tied up and waiting."
I took a few minutes to explain to my daughter how he sulked through dinner and tried to put the guilt trip on me about not getting his weekly treat. I gave her the whole story how I put him in the bathroom, made him touch up his shave job, dressed him in his pink panties and tied him to the bed in her old bedroom. I didn't want her to be surprised to see her father bent over the bed with a vibrating butt plug up his butt, so I explained all that and told her it seemed to be an easy way to get his butt prepared and lubed up for the strap-on. As I talked, she silently listened to everything I said, and when I was done, I leaned back and looked at her.
"So," she asked, "he's up there in my old bedroom? Tied to my bed?"
I nodded, saying, "That room is a play room for us, now."
"This butt plug thing," she asked, curiously, "it's in him now? In his butt?"
Again, I nodded. "His panties have been pulled down in the back and it's hanging out of him. You'll see."
"But, he's got a blindfold on. Right?" Julie asked.
"Uh huh." I answered. "He can't see or hear a thing. As long as we don't get too loud, we can go right in the room and he'd never know. In fact," I said, tugging at her arm, "let's go on up and we can finish talking up there."
I started to walk out of the kitchen, but, Julie hadn't moved yet. "Come on." I said, looking back at her. "I'll explain everything once we're up there."
Sheepishly, Julie pulled herself away from the counter and followed me up the stairs. I stopped a few steps away from the door way to her room and held up my hand. "If this is too much for you, or, you don't think you can go through with it, you have to tell me before I untie him, okay?" I asked. "We can't start this and then have you get cold feet."
Julie said she understood, and taking her at her word, I stepped aside and motioned her up to the doorway. She looked in for a second, pulled her head out immediately and looked at me with the biggest expression of surprise I've ever seen.
"Trust me," I assured her, "he's fine." Then stepping up beside her, I explained how the ropes were soft and how they had padded velcro closures so they'd be comfortable for him. I pulled her past the doorway, turned her so she could see her father and leaned over, softly saying, "Julie, he likes this. It excites him and he's got a full erection right now."
I pulled her into the room and we stood quietly behind her father. I pointed to the butt plug hanging out of his ass and she stared at it, following the tube down to the inflation bulb and then looked up at me. I nodded and smiled, saying, "You can pump it up to be whatever size you want. And, there's a small vibrator inside that's controlled by that switch right there."
I can just imagine what was going through my daughter's mind as she stood there looking at her panty clad father, bent over and tied to her old bed with a butt plug sticking in his ass. She took a small step toward him and leaned down to look at the butt plug and then looked back up at me. I smiled and then suddenly having a wicked idea, I leaned over and told her stand to the side for a second. As she did, I moved up behind her father and quickly gave his ass a quick slap. When I did, he jumped and I shoved my hand down the front of his panties and squeezed his cock as hard as I could.
Then pulling my hand out, I held it out for Julie to see. Sure enough, my hand was coated with a prolific amount of precum from her father's cock. "He's enjoying this. See?" I said.
Julie's hands flew up to her cheeks and she blushed. Then, her face broke into a smile and she said, "When are we going to do the strap-on?"
To be continued.