All of my writing is fiction and the stories and characters are all products of my imagination. They were created for my fun and, hopefully, your enjoyment. Some of the events in the stories are not particularly condoned nor encouraged by the author but are there to create and enhance the story of the imaginary characters and their lives. Comments are always encouraged and carefully reviewed. Enjoy!
*
This story has four of the people from my "We Needed a Vacation" series and continues their tale two years later. It would help, but certainly isn't necessary, to read those stories first. The series takes place in Belize and there are continual references in this one to Belize, and I don't think it's too hard for you to imagine what was taking place two years ago. Hope you enjoy.
We bought and moved into our new house about three weeks after we got back from our vacation in Belize. Not that we dated everything in relation to a vacation (my mother dated everything based on the birthdates of her five children) but this was a very unique vacation, one that we would never forget nor ever duplicate as well. For the four couples who had just happened to meet there, mostly due to bungalow assignments, it was a "we'll never see any of these people again so we can do anything we want and just have fun with it" kind of vacation. And that's pretty much what we did, each of the four couples being very secure in their relationships, and thus able to experiment and learn from each other in new and quite varied ways. Enough said about that for now but, when I get to thinking about that time, I have trouble tearing my mind away to concentrate on something else.
We had been looking for a new house before the vacation but hadn't been able to find anything to our liking but, when we returned home, the first place the realtor showed us seemed perfect so, after some discussions and, of course, negotiations, we agreed to buy it. Since we had sold our other house very quickly and, actually, were almost without someplace to live, plus were lucky enough to be able to pay cash for the new one, things moved very quickly and we were able to move in at the end of the three weeks. It was a very pleasant and comfortable three bedrooms on a fairly isolated lot with only one neighbor whose house backed up to our and was visible from our house. And that neighbor was kind of the deciding factor as they had a very large and very inviting swimming pool in their back yard and, having met us as we were checking out the property, invited us to share the pool with them at any time. It doesn't get much better than that.
Now, strange as it seems now, the vacation had been two years ago and we have been living in the new house for those two years as well. Also, just as we had predicted, we've not seen or heard from any of the other three couple, except for sending them some of the, um, very special videos we had taken. Well, that's almost true as we had recently heard from Caleb and Rhonda, one of the other couples who live in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. They had decided to vacation in the US this summer and, since we were right on the way, living in Ohio, they were going to stop by to renew our friendship. We, of course, wanted to see them again but had several discussions about what that getting together might involve, based on what happened when we had gotten together in Belize.
Those neighbors that I mentioned before were Jenny and Adam Wickers, and we had gotten to be close friends with them. They were fortunate enough, and it was our good fortune too, to have that wonderful swimming pool in their back yard which, as they had first suggested, they shared freely with us. Lots of good times, cook outs and just hanging out at the pool trying to stay cool on those hot Ohio summer days and evenings. We had a nice big hot tub that we shared with them and others, particularly on those cold Ohio winter days and evenings. Adam had just informed me that they were leaving on vacation the next day, given me a key to the house and asked if I'd kind of watch things for them while they were gone for at least three weeks and possibly four, depending on how arrangements worked out. He also instructed us to use the pool as much as we wanted and share with our friends too as he was sure we'd take good care of it with no drunken parties, etc. He noted that they had brand new neighbors on the other side who they had just met once, Brian and Brenda, and it might be nice if we could involve them a little so they could meet others in the neighborhood. I readily agreed with all he'd said and was sure we'd take advantage of the pool offer.
Now, Kirsten and I were both engineers by education and by employment. I'm not sure how many men have met their better half in a thermodynamics class but I would guess the number is very, very small. One thing I will say here is that our friends all tell us that neither of us is like the stereotypical engineer (whatever that is and no insult meant here) but rather seem like just "regular" people. I've never asked any of them to define what a "regular" person is and probably never will. Kirstin is a total doll, about 5'-5", very compact and solid, looking very athletic without being that way at all. She's a very shapely 32B with not a sign of droop and her butt is so cute you just want to pat it every time you see it, which I'm very prone to do, often much to her chagrin. I'm pretty average, about 5'-10", a little bit of an athletic build since I played soccer in college, Ohio State of course, and I pinch myself daily just to be sure that this sweet, gorgeous and very sexy lady is my wife and I'm not in a dream or a fantasy, when in actuality I'm married to Marie Laveau or some other voodoo witch like that.
Jenny and Adam had left and I told Kirsten that I was going to check to see that things were A-okay, even though they'd only been gone a few hours. Kirsten had seen all of the house but I'd only been in the kitchen and family room where we'd spent many wonderful hours with Jenny and Adam. I grabbed the key, went through the swimming pool gate, which you had to do to get to the house, and went inside. First down the basement where all seemed to be in order, then the first floor with the same result. Curious now, I decided to take this chance to check out the second floor, competitive enough to see how it compared to ours. I knew they had three bedrooms so I glanced in the first and it seemed about like our guest rooms. The second was pretty much the same so I went to the master. As I was about to turn around and head down stairs I thought I could see a little light in the window in, what was it, oh yes, Brian and Brenda's house. So, I looked.
And I kept right on looking because, in that window was quite a vision, a very naked redhead, standing there and looking at something outside the view of the window. If that was Brenda, and it almost certainly had to be, she was something else. The long red hair, the pale complexion, the pointed tits that stuck straight out, the almost invisible areolas but dark nipples that were very visible against the pale skin and, where I expected to see a red muff was only more pale skin, all making a rather unexpected but spectacular picture. My brain told me I should probably not watch any longer but other parts of my anatomy were speaking much louder and those were the ones I listened to. And also, those were the ones I gently touched as I looked.
Brenda stepped back and sat down on the edge of the bed with something in her hand, which I quickly decided was a remote for something that she was looking at. She pushed a couple of buttons, watched for a moment, then satisfied, laid the remote on the bed beside her and slowly lay back herself. She reached back over her head and was able to grab a pillow and slide it under her head. Then both hands went to that area between her legs and I could see she had two fingers working her pussy and the other hand had fingers rubbing Just above the thrusting in and out hand. I couldn't see exactly what she was rubbing but could certainly see where she was rubbing so I pretty well knew what was happening and wasn't about to leave, at least till I saw where this was going. Actually, that didn't take too long as I could see her hips arching and her head rolling from side to side, her mouth wide open and I wished I could hear as well as see but . . .
As she was getting up from the bed, I decided I'd probably seen enough of a show and decided not to use the bed for what I really wanted to use it for right then and needed to get home before Kirsten began wondering. Of course, I needed to take enough time to allow my own body to return to normal so I didn't have more questions to answer. I knew that we needed to meet Brian and Brenda for sure.
I was successful in lolling around long enough for my body to return to normal, even if my brain was still racing with what I'd seen. We had a pleasant dinner, talked about tomorrow when Kirsten's good friend from work, Valerie and her husband Ryan, were coming over for swimming and a cookout and also about the arrival of Caleb and Rhonda which might happen tomorrow or the next day, we weren't totally sure. We swam, watched a little TV and then it was time for bed and, either via a hunch or maybe a prayer, I suggested to Kirsten that we go next door and check out the house for the night to make sure I hadn't left anything awry from my earlier visit. She wasn't too anxious to go along but I nudged a little and she finally agreed.
I unlocked the door and we slipped inside, checking around the first floor and I suggested she lead the way upstairs since I'd never been up there, a little bit of a fib of course, so she did. We couldn't find the hall light switch but could see a very faint glow coming from the master bedroom. We went inside and, very quickly I could see that my dream had come true.
Kirsten gasped and put her hand to her throat in that gesture that women have. Sure enough, the window next door was lighted, no blind or curtains drawn, and standing there in full view, totally naked was Brenda, obviously talking to someone.
"We shouldn't be here," Kirsten said softly, but I noticed she wasn't moving.
"Might be fun to watch," I suggested, whispering in her ear.
"That's bad," she added. "We need to leave." Still, she wasn't moving and I was pretty sure she wouldn't.
Then Brenda was joined in the window view by an equally naked male, most likely Brian, and with his erection pointed up and out from his body at about 30 degrees, it was obvious that they were ready for more than just going to bed for the night.
Like any proper naked female, when approached by an equally naked male with a very stiff member, she dropped to her knees and went to work. Although we weren't very close to them, it was obvious that she knew what she was doing. When she went down on him, everything disappeared, and it happened over and over. Her long, red hair bounced around, almost in neat waves as she worked.
Kirsten was totally silent now, no mentioning that we needed to leave, so I decided not to waste a wonderful opportunity if at all possible. Very gently I unbuttoned her shorts, slid my thumbs into the waistband of both the shorts and underwear and began pushing them down, getting no resistance or protests at all from the lady in front of me. I rubbed and patted her butt a few times as I could never resist doing that, and then slowly slid my hand down the crack between those two cheeks until it came to a very wet spot. Not hesitating, I pushed a finger gently inside to a very quiet moan as she put her hands on the window sill and leaned forward. Having had good luck so far, and checking out the scene in the other window where Brenda had laid back on the bed and Brian's head was between her legs providing her with a little pleasure, I went a little higher with my finger and found a wet and slightly swollen nub that was begging for the same treatment that Brenda was getting. A very gentle rubbing brought out an equally gentle moaning and a rocking of hips to match my rhythm.
Now I took both hands and went up under her tee shirt, unclipped her bra and slid both the shirt and bra up over her head and down her arms that were leaning on the sill. Without moving her eyes, she stepped out of the pants and raised her arms enough to let the bra and shirt fall to the floor. Now, within my field of vision were two very pretty and two very naked women.
Brian and Brenda were changing position with her now stretched full length on the bed and Brian moving between her legs. As he swung her legs up onto her shoulders, she obviously guided him home and that familiar, pumping motion began. Not to be outdone, I guided myself home to a very warm and very wet pleasure tube that had just been waiting for me.
"Oh, shit," Kirsten said, half gasping. "I can't believe this," and began moving her hips in rhythm with mine. With that, I could see over her shoulder and watch the scene next door. I reached around and went to work on that nub again with very pleasing results from Kirsten. She muttered out, "If I see either of them cum, I'm going to too, and so will you, so be ready." It was just as she said, only more so. Suddenly Brenda raised her hips and her head began rolling from side to side, a mirror of this afternoon, and Brian began to visibly buck as he came as well. Kirsten grabbed my arm, moaned and began to jerk in the way I was familiar with and loved so much, so of course, I did pretty much the same, filling her with stream after stream of hot liquid as her pulsations squeezed and milked my cock.
"We shouldn't have watched that," she whispered as she began putting her clothes on.
"We could just go home naked," I said. "No one will see."
She grinned at me and I got a nice kiss. "Yeah," she said, "why not." So, we headed for home, Kirsten walking very carefully so she wouldn't leak on the neighbor's carpet and holding tightly to my hand.
I have to admit that I couldn't believe that I was lucky enough to go to Jenny and Adam's house at precisely the time Brenda and Brian decided to have a little frolic and, to have Kirsten with me as well. One thing about her, Kirsten that is, a little of the right alcohol and/or some kind of visual stimulation like she had just had really got her sexual engine in gear, usually in overdrive and much, much fun came from that. Otherwise she was very demure and I'm sure others would never imagine what a hugely sexual being she was. Lately, when she'd decide it was time for some special fun, which was very often it seemed, we'd pull out one of the videos from Belize and off we went. She really seemed to love being sexually in motion, and fast motion at that, and I certainly didn't mind at all as she was my dream girl, so it was always very nice when that happened.
Morning arrived and we were getting ready for a fun day with Valerie and her husband, Ryan. I'd never met Ryan and had met Valerie only once, but she was not someone you'd forget, at least not someone any normal male would forget. She was moderately tall, moderately pretty with a moderately nice personality, and then came her figure which was where the moderation ended and the "holy shit" began. She had to be a double D or E or whatever letters went on and on after that because certainly her boobs went on and on. The one time I met her there seemed to be a lot of skin showing but Kirsten chastened me, noting that anything she wore other than a turtleneck was bound to show a lot of skin. Plus, Kirsten said that Valerie had confided to her that within the next year she was scheduled to have breast reduction surgery. I did get a sharp elbow to my ribs when I mentioned that that seemed like such a shame.
I was just going to grill some burgers and brats and Kirsten had made potato salad so we were pretty much ready when we heard their car pull into the driveway. We went out to meet them and it was obvious that they had come to swim. Ryan had on swimming trunks and a Dallas Cowboys teen shirt along with non-descript flip flops and Valerie had on a short cover up that wasn't tied at the front so her little bikini was fairly obvious as were those two orbs that the bikini barely covered. I was introduced to Ryan who. on first impression, seemed to be a very pleasant and personable guy. I had met Valerie before so I got a nice warm, and very squishy hug from her.
We sat on the patio and talked for a while but, with the sun pouring out its unrelenting heat, the swimming pool was the obvious choice so it was across the yard, through the gate and in we went. Kirsten had on her little red bikini and I wore my regular, but boring swim trunks. We splashed around a little, laughing and just having a good time, getting to know a little about each other as we chatted, with Valerie and Kirsten teasing each other relentlessly, obvious something that they just carried over from working together. Pretty soon they were splashing water in each other's faces and, quite suddenly, Kirsten launched herself through the air, landing with her hands on Valerie's head and obviously pushing her under the water to a bit of submerged splashing and an occasional foot, hand or head coming up. Ryan and I were laughing at the way they were cutting up when suddenly, Kirsten was beside me laughing, and only Valerie's head was above the water and she was next to Ryan. Then, with a drum roll sound that she made, Kirsten carefully draped Valerie's bikini top over my shoulder. I looked at Kirsten and then Valerie, hoping that all the little waves from the splashing would disappear so the very clear water would be even more transparent.
The ladies, quickly on to me, kept moving their arms to keep things stirred up just enough to be very frustrating. I certainly didn't know Valerie at all and had no idea how supremely competitive she was but I learned very quickly as she suddenly launched herself across the distance between she and Kirsten, those gigantic boobs in full view, and under they went again and, not surprisingly I guess, she was quickly back beside Ryan and Kirsten's red top was draped over his shoulder.
"Ryan," I said, smiling, "I think we are swimming with two very topless ladies."
"I do believe you're right," he replied looking from one to the other.
"Maybe they could just put each other's tops on and we could go on swimming." As I pictured Kirsten with Valerie's top hanging loosely on her and Valerie with Kirsten's little top barely covering anything, I couldn't help but laugh.
"I'd love to see that," Ryan quipped.
"Well, you're not going to see it," Valerie said from her mostly submerged position.
"Topless girls, a couple of flashers," I suggested.
"Haven't see any flashing yet."
The two ladies were certainly quicker than I imagined they were as I saw Valerie wink at Kirsten and, simultaneously, they grabbed the tops from the men's shoulders and launched themselves into the air toward each other. In the splash and the flying water there was a hint of good things to see but I closed my eyes instinctively to dodge the splash and missed most of the view but I think Ryan probably got a good glimpse of Kirsten as most of the water had come toward me. By this time the ladies had exchanged tops and were presentable again. I consoled myself that I had gotten a pretty good view on Valerie's first launch and I didn't want to be greedy. After a pretty pleasing start, who knew what the rest of the day had in store.
We swam for a while longer, anxious to stay cool, but eventually I had to climb out of the pool and get ready to start grilling. Ryan offered to help but I was in pretty good shape so I told him to just stay and enjoy the pool. I got things going on our patio and, with only the pool fence between us, I was able to stay in touch with the other three and hear much of what they were saying. The layout of the three houses was a little odd. There were woods next to our house and Jenny and Adams, and, despite Brenda and Brian's being next door to the pool house, Jenny and Adam's house completely blocked their view of the pool. We could see a small corner of Brenda and Brian's, but not very much and, of course, the pool almost looked like it was part of our yard so it was very convenient to use.
As I grilled, I thought about sitting there talking with Ryan and Valerie. It was hard to keep my eyes where they should be when I talked to her because, with the small bikini she was wearing, there was just so much to see without really seeing the important parts. I was used to Kirsten's B's which I totally loved, but this was so unique for me I tended to gawk and I could tell that Valerie wasn't really comfortable showing anything more than she absolutely had to but didn't seem to mind my looking which had to be obvious to her. I know that she had confided to Kirsten once that she had never gone swimming in a public pool without being groped three or four times. I smiled when I thought about Kirsten and her alcohol sexual fire starter and, since we were probably having wine after dinner, wondered if it was the same with Valerie. Maybe we'd find out.
As everything was getting close to being ready, I was surprised to hear a voice behind me and, turning around, my mouth nearly fell open as Brenda and Brian had come up the driveway and were smiling my direction.
"Hi there," Brenda said, extending her hand. "I'm Brenda and this is Brian." Two handshakes and I hoped my face wasn't getting flushed. "We're new in the neighborhood and we just thought we'd stop by and say hello but," and she glanced around, "but we don't want to interrupt so we'll come back another time."
Still holding onto her hand and admiring her very pretty and very freckled face, with a stroke of genius I stammered out, "Oh, my gosh no. What better way to get acquainted than right here with some burgers and brats. Please, please join us and, since we're swimming to stay a little cooler, come back with your suits on and we'll eat and swim and get acquainted. At her slight tug, I did let go of her hand.
She glanced at Brian who smiled and shrugged his shoulders.
"You're absolutely sure we're not interrupting anything?"
"Absolutely," I assured them. "Plenty of food here so please join us."
"Well, if you're sure, we'll head home and put our suits on." She took hold of Brian's hand and they hurried off.
I ran back to the pool and announced that we'd be having company for dinner, and when I mentioned that it would be Brian and Brenda from next door, I noted Kirsten's eyes instantly widen as she gave me a strange look. I smiled back at her and licked my lips to her slightly reddening cheeks. This was probably going to be a kind of interesting evening.
I added some burgers to the grill and also had Kirsten's assurance that she had made plenty of potato salad. As I grilled and whistled, a big smile on my face, my mind couldn't help but wander back to last night. At least now I'd get to see how they looked up-close. I'd already noted Brenda's very different look with the red hair, light complexion and the array of freckles on her face which I hadn't been able to see in my two views through their window. Also, the very pale green eyes only added to that very exotic appearance and I reminded myself to keep track of my eyes when they got back.
It wasn't long at all before they were back, Brian in the typical male unexciting swim trunks and tee shirt, the male dress of the day, and Brenda in a little cover up and, easily visible with the cover up open, a kind of burnt orange bikini that very nearly matched her hair color. I'm not good at describing colors -- I just knew that the bikini looked kind of perfect on her.
Introductions were made all around and I could tell that Ryan was quickly enjoying the look that Brenda exhibited as she shed the cover up and slid into the pool. Brian was fairly discrete but took every opportunity to gather in views of the skin that Valerie had on display. Poor Kirsten, just your average babe, was kind of left out right now.
I had backed off on the cooking a little to give people a chance to swim and chat and generally get acquainted and had just gone back to the grill when I was aware that Brenda had followed me and said, in what I thought an overly loud voice, "Can I help you with something?" When we were at the grill and she was right beside me she said, "It was you, wasn't it? And then you and your wife, watching." I nearly peed my pants and was ready to deny it but, like Pinocchio's nose, my bright red ears were giving me away. She had a huge smile on her face. "In the afternoon, the sunlight showed you standing by the window -- I just happened to look that way. And, at night, the light from our window lit up your wife leaning on the window sill." Now her smile got even bigger and she tilted her head a little to the side. "Did you enjoy it, and each other?" Lord, she certainly didn't beat around the bush.
I was caught. So, "Very much," I volunteered, then, hoping to get a little ahead I asked, "Did you?"
"Fuck yes," was her very prompt reply. "Particularly knowing you guys were watching and guessing that you were probably enjoying each other a little too." Her pale eyes sparkled at me.
No way I was going to win this one -- she had the advantage for sure. But, the more what she had said sank into my brain, the more heat began to build in my body.
"Just thought I'd check with you about it," she said. "Good thing you admitted it because your ears were glowing."
"You know what they say about honesty," I added as I flipped a burger. "When you head back over there tell the rest of them about five more minutes."
She gently rubbed my bare arm. "I'll do that," she said. She grinned broadly again. "Right now, I'm standing here with a bikini on, but you're not seeing the bikini at all are you? And by-the-way, give me your cell number and I'll text you next time something might be happening in that window. You've got at least three weeks of caretaking here so a few more chances. Plus, I think turn-about is fair play. We'd like to do some watching too, if I tell Brian what's going on." With that she turned and headed toward the pool and I'm sure she added a whole lot of extra wiggle to her butt as she walked away. I was totally flummoxed at what she had just said, but might bring it up with Kirsten, after she'd had a couple of glasses of wine of course. And Brenda had already had at least a partial view.
Soon we were eating and laughing a little more and everything was going just great when we heard another car pull into the driveway and 10 seconds later, this tall, beautiful, blue-eyed blond who conjured only wonderful memories in my mind was racing toward me, arms out and I was swallowed in a gigantic bear hug. Right behind her came an even taller person, male this time, and I felt the breeze as Kirsten raced by me and jumped into his arms.
"Sooo good to see you," Rhonda fairly shouted and kissed me on the forehead. Kirsten was getting an equally warm kiss on her cheek as the other four watched in wonder.
Lots of handshakes and hugs as everyone was introduced and, my brain finally jumped back into gear. "I better put some more food on to cook," I said but was stopped by Rhonda.
"No need for us," she said. "We found a Tim Horton's not too far back and stopped and had some dinner since we were afraid the timing might be bad for you guys due to our very vague arrival time that we had given you."
"You Canadians and Tim Horton's," I countered.
As I was heading back toward the grill, Rhonda leaned over and quickly whispered in my ear, "And I thought I had big ones." A little giggle followed.
The food was finally ready and the six of us ate while Rhonda and Caleb kept the conversation rolling. Very innocently Caleb said, "I see you guys have a hot tub."
"Hot tubs are fun," I shot back quickly.
"That's what I've heard," Rhonda added and I could see Kirsten blushing slightly. The big hot tub in Belize had held a certain fascination for us.
With that, Caleb jumped up and went around the corner of the house toward the front driveway. Quickly he was back with a cardboard container that held, obviously, four bottles of wine. Now I think Kirsten was blushing even more as I'm sure memories were flooding her mind.
Well, anyway, we ate and talked some more and finally dusk came and then darkness and, not very surprisingly, Caleb suggested we all gather in the hot tub. Both Valerie and Brenda protested, saying they didn't want to interrupt our getting together with old friends.
"Nonsense," I countered. "This is perfect. We have old friends, fairly new friends and very new friends. A perfect time to get acquainted. Plus, I'm sure that within minutes all of us, including Rhonda and Caleb will be dressed for it."
Taking their clue, the two of them jumped up and ran to the car to get suitcases and other gear and Kirsten quickly showed them which room would be theirs. I got the lid off the hot tub and was happy that the pump seemed to be working well when I switched it on. We had kept the treatment up to date even when we didn't use it often. I did take time to evaluate a little as this tub wasn't nearly as big as the one we'd enjoyed in Belize. With eight people in it we wouldn't be quite like sardines, but there also wouldn't be lots of extra room.
I have to admit that my heart was pounding a little harder and a little faster just thinking about being in a hot tub with Rhonda again. When memories start racing through your brain it's hard to shut them off. And my best guess was that Kirsten was probably having the same feelings thinking about Caleb. Surprisingly quickly, those two were back, and Caleb had four wine glasses and carefully filled them. Smiling broadly at me as he did. Wine always went along with hot tubbing in Belize.
I kind of enjoyed all the giggling and fumbling as the others came to the hot tub and began climbing in and getting arranged. There was just room for two people to sit beside each other along each of the four sides but not nearly enough room for eight legs in the middle so lots of legs were touching each other. Interestingly, we had, without any planning, ended up being boy-girl-boy-girl all around the tub. Or perhaps I should say man-woman-man-woman since none of us, except perhaps Valerie were still young enough to be called boys or girls. Ryan may have joined her but I wasn't quite sure how old he was. Anyway, now each of us was somewhat settled in, a glass of wine in hand, sipping away and beginning the conversations again.
Kirsten leaned over to me and whispered, "I feel a little out of place."
I gave her a questioning look and she glanced around at the three other women in the tub. I quickly got what she meant. If the other three were built like her, the water level in the tub would have been about six inches lower. Valerie had her monsters, Rhonda had her nicely big ones and Bethany was equivalent to Rhonda except I knew that hers were much more pointed. But who cared about those fine points (no pun intended). I was sharing the tub with four exceptional females and, as long as my lower half was under the water, I could enjoy it to my heart's content. I was actually tempted to reach over and pull down the top of Kirsten's bikini so I could get a little more enjoyment but, wisely, I resisted that temptation. Must have been the wine, I guess. And speaking of the wine, Caleb was doing a yeoman job of keeping everyone's glass filled. I suspected he had an ulterior motive though, never-the-less, it was certainly having its affect as there was more much more giggling and horsing around with legs tangled, etc.
I was actually sitting between Kirsten and Valerie and, as we were constantly moving our legs to try to stay comfortable, there was a lot of banging and rubbing under cover of the bubbling water and I was taking full advantage of it with Valerie. She was obviously enjoying the wine as Caleb reached across to pour her third glass. As she lifted it to take a taste, she was a little off-balance and put her other hand on my leg to steady herself. Technically it was my leg she grabbed but it was also on my swimming trunks closely adjacent to my semi-erect penis which she did manage to actually get a couple of fingers around.
"Oops," she giggled, taking another larger sip of the wine and looking at me rather sheepishly. But she took long seconds before moving her hand with a result you might well expect. "Whoa," was her next exclamation accompanied by a devilish grin, and then she moved the hand.
More wine and more giggling along with some chatter and soon we were feeling very comfortable with each other despite our cramped quarters. At least we had food in our stomachs so it was taking a little more wine to totally devastate us. I mentioned earlier about Caleb's ulterior motive since I remembered that it had been him, or possibly Rhonda, two years was a long time to remember those details, that had started the hot tub fun. I was waiting for him to do a repeat when, to my surprise, Brenda spoke up.
"Okay," she said, raising her voice so she could be heard. "Here's a question. How many of you have NEVER done naked hot tubbing? Raise your hand." Since she had asked, I assumed her hand as well as Brian's wouldn't be going up and certainly Caleb's, Rhonda's, Kirsten's and mine weren't going to be raised so we all kind of looked toward Valerie and Ryan. We waited a few seconds but there were zero hands in the air.
"Really, Valerie? You never told me about that." Kirsten was smiling broadly with lifted eyebrows at her co-worker.
"You never asked," Valerie replied, shrugging her shoulders which lifted her boobs partially out of the water. I think she had enough wine by this time that it didn't seem to bother her much.
"I don't mean just with two people in the tub, I mean with other couples or something," Brenda said, following up.
"Still not raising our hands are we Ryan."
Ryan gave a big negative nod. I think he was enjoying this.
"Twice," Valerie added. "And it was fun and a little exciting for a couple of newbies like us." She shifted her position, her hand on my leg and more again and then settled back, giving me a satisfied look as she did.
With that I felt Kirsten's hand slide across to check the condition of my member, which at this time was moderately stiff after recovering slightly from Valerie's handling. However, Kirsten was a little more ornery than Valerie, subtly reaching up the leg of my trunks and giving it a couple of gentle tugs with the result she was hoping for I'm sure. Thank goodness the two didn't bump hands in that area.
"Then let's do it now," Brenda interjected and, almost before you could squeeze out a yes, her bikini was laying on the side of the hot tub, joined rather quickly by Brian's. Of course, I could easily predict what would happen next and, sure enough, Rhonda's and Caleb's were on the side of the tub as well. Kirsten looked at me, smiled, took another drink of wine and her red bikini was off and on the side of the tub, quickly joined by my nondescript trunks.
"Well, shit," Valerie said and squirmed to get her suit off. Ryan smiled at her and his was the last to hit the edge of the hot tub.
Everyone kind of looked around, checking each other's reactions. I was a little surprised that Valerie was as enthusiastic about it as she seemed to be. Wonderful wine works miracles. She squirmed around a good bit now, seemingly trying to get comfortable, but each time she did one of both of those breasts were very clearly visible to everyone, kind of a subtle show she was putting on. Plus, each time I'd look at her I'd find her looking back at me. That had piqued my interest just a bit. That and the second time she steadied herself using my leg and bumping my still erect cock, I wondered just what was up.
I looked over at Rhonda and got a big wink. She, of course, wasn't too concerned about her globes showing above the waterline at all as they frequently were. I noticed that Kirsten was finishing at least her third glass which I was sure was certainly lubricating her sexual machinery as it always did. Plus, watching Valerie out of the corner of my eye I was guessing that she was somehow related to Kirsten as her nipples were there for all to see most of the time. Just as I gave her a quick look, she adjusted her position again, putting her hand on my leg under the water for balance, not touching any important parts this time. But the hand stayed on my leg, then moved until her fingers were securely wrapped around my erection which immediately got a little more intense. Nothing more, just holding it and looking around at the others and laughing with them. Finally, her head turned my way and I got a quick wink as I realized I hadn't protested in the least little bit, and her hand began to move back and forth, gently stroking me. Trying act nonchalant but beginning to boil, I happened to glance at Rhonda who lowered her head and raised her eyebrows, then smiled. She would be the one to figure out what was happening.
On about the third stroke, I suddenly felt another hand grab hold of me, or rather of us. Kirsten had hold of my cock over the top of Valerie's hand. Valerie tried to pull away but Kirsten held on and, together, they gave me a few strokes. Satisfied, Kirsten let go. Valerie gave a good squeeze and let go herself, leaving me, of course, wanting a little more.
Then it was Caleb's turn to speak up.
"Before we go much further here, we need to get a couple of things cleared up. You all seem to be fairly comfortable with being naked in the hot tub. Since I only know Pat and Kirsten and not the rest of you, let me ask if you're," he paused searching for the right words, "I guess comfortable with a little more messing around for lack of a better way of saying it."
"We're in for anything," Brenda quickly shot back, accompanied by a nodding Bryan.
So, all eyes turned to Ryan and Valerie.
"We had a few 'mess around' parties in college," Valerie said, "and Ryan was there too so, I think we're okay as well." She smiled at Kirsten who I was guessing didn't know anything about that.
"Good," Caleb said confidently. "Now, we need to get acquainted a little so hang on a second." He reached around and grabbed his bathing suit and pulled something from one of the pockets. "Here we go. I have four little pieces of wood from a Scrabble game, pieces A through D. I'm going to have the ladies draw one and when they're done, the men will draw. Remember your letter. Since this is Pat and Kirsten's party, the seat they're in will be A, then clockwise around to B, C and D. When everyone has drawn, we'll move to the seat you've drawn and hopefully get to know someone new." Trust Caleb to always be prepared.
He held out his hand and the women drew as he moved it around randomly in front of each. When all four had drawn, the little wooden pieces went back into his hand and the men drew. He collected from the men, then said simply, "Move."
It was quite a scene as everyone attempted to get up and move and, in the small and very tight space there was a lot of skin rubbing against other skin. Plus, for the first time, if your eyes were quick enough, you could get a full view of everyone as they stood and squeezed around others, getting to their new seats. Of course, most were using their hands to steady themselves and each other so that was more than a touch of fun as well.
Finally, all were sitting, and everyone was checking to see who was with who and especially who was sitting with their mate.
I was now with Brenda, which I suspected could lead to some interesting adventures. I noted that Kirsten was sitting with Ryan, who, I had noticed as we moved, had a rather porn star sized cock. It was certainly at about half-staff when we moved but still looked enormous to me. And I did notice Valerie giving Kirsten a knowing little smile. Caleb was now sitting next to Valerie and Brian was with Rhonda.
I don't believe I had described Rhonda previously which was leaving out something very special. She was right at six feet tall with long, very natural blond hair. Her breasts were large and, although they were rather big to be perky, were perky. Plus, she had the bluest eyes I had ever seen. that always seemed to be sparkling, in a face that any model would die for.
"No sense wasting time," Brenda said as her hand gently encircled my now rather complete erection. As she moved her hand slowly up and down, I couldn't help but look across at Kirsten who was obviously doing the same with Ryan, and from the look on her face, I think she was enjoying it. But she was talking to him as well and he was answering. Not wanting Brenda to get too far ahead of me, I slid my hand across her belly and over her bare mons. She grabbed my hand and held it from going any further.
"This is fine," she said softly. I want to find out something about you and your wife since we're neighbors," all the while slowly stroking my cock under the water. "You'll probably get your chance soon enough, okay?" She paused for a moment and I took a good look at her, only the far-away light from the swimming pool giving us any illumination here in the hot tub. She had thoughtfully raised up slightly and her very pointed tits were nicely silhouetted by the light, the nipples now clearly visible and I guessed, very hard. I carefully reached over and held one for just a moment. "They get a little bigger if you suck on them," she said, thrusting them toward me. It was all I could do to stop myself from actually doing that. Her hand was still working under the water, very slowly, and it wasn't likely to cause any spectacular results, just a very pleasant feeling as we talked.
Even in the very dim light, the freckles on her face were very prominent, and very fascinating. There were a few on her neck and shoulders but they seemed to stop there for some reason. Up close, it was even more evident that the areola was the same color as the rest of the skin on her breasts with the nipple being a much darker red making them very prominent. And this kind of hid the fact that she had very pleasant puffy nipples, much like Kirsten's. And, of course, there was that beautiful reddish-auburn hair that fell well below her shoulders. Along with the big, dimpled smile, she was a very delicious looking lady. Add that to the fact that she was very nicely massaging my erect penis, and it made for a very delightful hot tub experience.
"Looks like your wife is having a very nice conversation with Ryan," she said quietly. Of course, Kirsten and Ryan were only four or five feet from us, so you had to speak softly if you didn't want to be overheard. Looking over, though, I had to agree. Her head was close to Ryan's and she seemed to be talking to him but her hand stayed under the water and I think she was enjoying what she was feeling under there.
However, I think it was getting obvious to everyone that our hot tub was just a little too small for eight people, despite that fact that everyone was enjoying being very close and touching the others.
"How about a swimming pool break?" I suggested, and got several different looks, not the least of which came from Kirsten. No one seemed to have a better suggestion so everyone began to stand up and, fairly quickly, all eight were out of the tub and headed toward the pool. With no way to change it, all four males had very prominent erections as they walked along, each with the lady he had been with in the hot tub. Since the only house that could see the pool was ours, and the pool couldn't be seen from any street or sidewalk, we felt fairly comfortable with walking to the pool. Of course, the buzz we all had from the wine probably made us even more unconcerned about that sort of thing.
But that same buzz seemed to bring out the imp of mischief, particularly in the men as soon, there was squealing and slapping and laughing as the four ladies were poked and tickled and squeezed and otherwise harassed all the way to the pool where they just jumped into the water in self-defense. I did enjoy giving Brenda a few smacks on the butt which she seemed to enjoy and a couple of squeezes on those very firm tits as well. Finally, we were all in the water and laughing and the pairs had temporarily separated and I ended up beside Kirsten.
"How's the redhead, as good as when we watched?" She elbowed my ribs.
"She's just getting started so I'll let you know for sure later. I noticed you seem to be enjoying Ryan. Should I be worried?" I gave her an evil smile.
"Jury's still out but this is a new one for me. That's quite a device he has there."
"Oh, by-the-way," I said quietly into her ear. "Brenda asked for my cell number so she could text us when the next window show might take place." Kirsten's head swiveled and I got a wide-eyed look. "She also thought we should maybe trade viewings a little." Now her mouth fell open. A few seconds of just that look and then a shrug of her shoulders.
"Who knows?" she said, smiling, as she sloshed away toward Ryan. This neighborhood thing could get very interesting, I decided.
Then the chief instigator/organizer spoke up in a loud voice, that being, of course, Rhonda. "Time for some chicken fights," she called and pushed Brian down in the water so she could climb on his shoulders. Caleb was right there with her and ducked so that Valerie could climb on his shoulders. With Rhonda the much taller woman and Caleb the much taller man, the two teams were about the same size. Brenda looked at me and shrugged, chicken fights obvious not being her favorite pastime but she was reluctantly soon on my shoulders. I knew that Kirsten would be a good sport about it and be right in the middle of things but anything athletic was not her strong point. She was good and fit so I knew she'd do well.
The fighting, as it was, started and Brenda was quickly in the water followed not too long afterward by Kirsten. Usual chicken fighting has the added benefit for the guys of an occasional bikini being dislodged in the combat. Tonight, that wasn't an issue. The two ladies climbed back up but we then just watched. I had no way of knowing that both Rhonda and Valerie were extremely competitive and were going at each other almost with a vengeance. The men were doing a good job of keeping their balance as the two ladies tussled with each other. Soon hair was being pulled, breasts were being shoved and slapped as each tried to gain the advantage. Finally, Valerie was off Caleb's shoulders and in the water, but was back on his shoulders faster than you could blink and ready to go again. She grabbed Kirsten and fairly threw her off Ryan's shoulders while Rhonda headed for Brenda and I. That was a quick battle and then the two were at it again. This time Valerie used a strategic hair pull and boob push to dislodge the tall blond, much to her frustration and chagrin.
This time Brenda and Kirsten just stayed in the water and let the two Amazon women fight it out. Another epic battle ensued until each of them grabbed the other which quickly unbalanced the men and all four were laughing and splashing. A high five between them and Rhonda was speaking again.
"Reverse chicken fight," she called and everyone looked puzzled. "Think about it," she said, casting a wry smile toward all of us. Slowly the bulbs began to light in everyone's head. "I'll demonstrate," she said, taking hold of Brian's shoulders and turning him to face her. She said something quietly to him and we could see him grasp his hands in front of him. Rhonda put her foot in his hands and stepped up as he lifted her and she swung first one leg and then the other over his shoulder so that his face was effectively buried in her light blond muff. "Sometimes it's called blind man's chicken fight," she added as she wrapped her long legs around his body so that her feet were against his stomach. She also held on tightly to his head. "Everybody up," she called.
We all started obeying her "everybody up" command but it wasn't as easy as it at first seemed. There were splashes and women slipped off and splashes as men fell over. I did notice that Valerie had no trouble getting up on Caleb but I suspected, since Rhonda seemed to know what to do, that he had played this game before too. She was no sooner up than her eyes went open wide and she grabbed onto his head. I think Caleb had already started the more interesting part of blind man's chicken fighting. Brenda was working to get on my shoulders and she was a couple of the female splashes as we weren't having all that much success. Finally, I just grabbed her ass and held her in place when she swung a leg over my shoulder and we were finally there. My face was not buried in her muff of course as she was totally smooth. The alignment was not perfect but, good enough for all intents and purposes. I gave a couple of quick licks as best I could and she grabbed my head.
"To hell with chicken fighting," she said, loud enough for most to hear.
I had no idea if Kirsten had gotten situated or not but she told me later she had, before I did, and Ryan went to work right away on her and she quickly lost all interest in chicken fighting. She finally got him to stop long enough so she could see what the others were doing. Rhonda and Valerie actually looked like they wanted to fight but were having a terrible time. Rhonda kept trying to arch herself backward but couldn't or she'd lose her balance and Valerie was doubled over Caleb's head. Kirsten said that just before Ryan began ignoring her requests and got his tongue going again, she saw Valerie obviously jerking and moaning through an orgasm. That didn't surprise me at all. Caleb knows what he's doing when it comes to that kind of thing.
Brenda finally gasped to me, "There's got to be a better way of doing this."
"Guide me toward the edge of the pool." She talked me over and, as luck would have it, we were in chest deep water. Her legs hit the side of the pool and she was able to just slide off my shoulders onto the edge. My face hardly moved from where it had been but now, she was able to spread her legs and allow me full access.
My hands separated her cleft and my tongue probed, up and down and then in, as far as it would go to her groaned out moan. My tongue had sex with her for long seconds, then went a little north to a pink and now very inflamed nub that was begging for attention. My tongue flicked back and forth and her body moved with each flick. Then my lips took over, sucking it in as hard as I could to a deep groan from her as she grabbed hold of my hair. She twisted my head up so I was looking at her face, all those freckles, the pale green eyes half closed, the red hair wet and awry. She licked her lips and pushed my head back down and I took up where I'd left off, only more so. In just a short time I heard her gasp out, "Oh fuck," and she pulled my face even tighter against herself and began to shake. It lasted for long seconds, fast little jerks, almost like she was vibrating. Slowly she released my head.
"Trade you places," she smiled at me, and slid off the edge into the water. As I looked around, she took hold of my very stiff cock, which kind of encouraged me. All the other people seemed totally occupied and I could see that Ryan was sitting on the steps in the shallow end and Kirsten's head was bobbing up and down. So, I boosted myself up and was quickly glad that I did. Brenda was no amateur at this, at least in experience, I quickly found. A few hand pumps and her mouth had me, and very quickly had all of me and her tongue was licking my balls. Her eyes rolled up at me as she held me totally submerged and swallowed. Slowly she slid off, her tongue working all the time, and then back down. Her hands were around on my butt and she was pulling me toward her and, in my near-orgasmic stupor, I realized what she wanted. She backed off and waited. I slowly thrust my hips forward as far as I could without going in the water myself. It was a very unique sensation as I pulled back and then forward again, bumping her face against her pubs. I stayed there for long seconds and her eyes rolled up to look at me again. Then out and in again -- I was fucking her mouth and that's exactly what she wanted. Her one hand came up and gently cradled my balls and I began to get that feeling right where she was holding and it quickly exploded as I couldn't hold back any longer as she took it all the way in and I began jerking and spewing out hot cum to her gentle gag or two. When I finally stopped, she looked at me as I slid out of her mouth which she opened to show me what I'd done, then quickly swallowed.
"What's next?" she said simply.
I was having trouble catching my breath but I finally stammered out, "I'm not in charge and I'm not sure who is although Rhonda is doing a pretty good job so far."
"Last I looked she was doing a pretty good job on Brian too," she said, glancing over her shoulder. Right now, they were just standing there talking. "Should I be nervous about that? You seem to know her."
I have to admit that I got a huge smile on my face as a few memories flooded back. "I say it a lot but, she's pretty spectacular isn't she. But, no worries. She just has fun."
"I hope Brian is just having fun."
"I'm sure he is that."
"From the look on your face and all the talk about Belize, I assume you're speaking from experience."
I nodded and with that felt her grab hold of my less than full erection.
"MY, my," she said, smiling. "I see I have work to do." And with that her breasts began rubbing against my chest as well.
In just a few minutes it was clear that everyone was just standing around talking, having finished whatever it was that they had been doing. I saw Kirsten sidle over to Valerie and they were joined by Rhonda, Brenda and I being at the deep end of the pool were too far away to be included. They seemed to be discussing things when Kirsten turned around and spoke to everyone.
"Just like summer camp," she said. "Free time -- do whatever you'd like for the next hour. Then we'll meet back here at the pool for another glass of wine." She looked at me and winked.
Brenda reached up and nibbled my ear. "Do whatever you'd like, huh. What would you like?"
"What would YOU like?" I countered.
"Well, the swimming pool isn't the best place for what I'd like." She had begun stroking me in earnest under the water.
The other three couples seemed to be headed toward our house so I had an idea.
"Like a little privacy?" I asked.
"Whatever," she replied as she led me toward the shallow end and the steps. "Your leash is kind of short here so we can't get too far apart."
"Adam and Jenny's house is open. We could go in there."
"Ours is open too, how about going over there. Besides, I have something I'd like to show you."
I wasn't sure what she might want to show me but I was all for seeing it, whatever it was. She did let loose of the short leash as we walked, and took my hand instead. We looked like any normal couple, out for an evening stroll, totally naked and with a very prominent hard on. Rather than cutting across the back yard to her house, she insisted on going around the house and through the front yards where the headlights from any car would make us very visible and very exposed. She seemed to like the chance of being seen naked. I had already seen that so I guess it didn't surprise me. Of course, I couldn't help but wonder what was going to go on in our house.
She took me inside and switched on the light, obviously totally unconcerned about being seen through the windows. I just tried to keep my back toward the front windows so if someone looked in, they'd just think it was Brian running around naked. Their house was kind of multilevel with the master bedroom, where Kirsten and I had observed them, on the middle level. She walked me to the window where we had seen them.
"Now, come here." I quickly obeyed. "There's the window where you and Kirsten were the other night. If we want to trade views, you obviously can't be up there. But, look over here," and she gestured to the left and down. "That huge picture window will be perfect for watching. You have the whole living room there to chase or do whatever you'd like to do."
"I'm still not sure that Kirsten is going to go for this. At 'normal' times she's a lot less uninhibited than she is now."
"You can feed her some wine, ply her with tales about how sexy she is and how sexy it will be to have sex in their living room, about how Jenny and Adam will never know. And, I might talk to her as well." And evil little smile came my way. "We should be able to work something out. Plus, if you two spy on us again, we can use the 'you really owe us' plan. That should work." She giggled. "Too bad Brian doesn't look like Ryan. That might help convince her too." Of course, that comment brought some pictures to my mind, imagined pictures of what might be, pictures of Kirsten with Ryan and, surprisingly, I wasn't sure how I felt about that. I guess it really didn't matter.
But Brenda sure did seem to know all about this sort of thing, like it wasn't the first time they had done it or thought about it. I really couldn't take my eyes off her as she talked, though. She was totally fascinating. If you looked at her very closely, her shoulders and arms were also freckled, but so faintly that they were easily missed. The rest of her pale body was creamy and smooth, with no freckles or other blemishes. Her breasts may not have been perfect cones, but they were so very, very close that it didn't matter. And those dark red nipples, so much in contrast to the rest of her skin, certainly held your eye.
"Let's go back by the pool," she suddenly said. "No one will be there now and we'll have the whole place to ourselves to do whatever we want." She walked straight toward me her eyes boring into mine. She quickly reached down and took hold of me. "Your leash is kind of short again but let's get over to the pool and see if we can fix that." I was sure it would be fixed before we got to the pool.
Out the door and through the front yards again, only this time there was a car coming. I was able to duck around the corner of the house before it got to us although, if the driver were looking, they could see they were being mooned. It was a little awkward walking along with her holding onto my now increasing erection, but I had to admit it was enjoyable. I put my arm around behind her, reaching clear around and squeezing her breast farthest away from me. For doing that I got a couple of pumps on my cock that was yearning for something more.
When we got to the backyard, I went inside the pool fence and drained my wine glass which was still there where I'd left it. When I turned around Brenda was laying in the grass, rolling over and over and giggling. When I got to her she sat up, grabbed my cock and had it quickly in her mouth for just a few seconds and was then on all fours in front of me without saying another word. In the well-lighted area adjacent to the pool, her pale back and ass were littered with grass clippings. I carefully brushed them off her ass cheeks to a gentle murmur from her. Something in my brain whirred and with those creamy butt cheeks right there, I gave one of them a smack which rang out very loud in the quiet night air. Expecting a "stop that" or an "ouch, that hurt", I got instead a quiet, "Oh shit," and an arching of her back that thrust her ass higher up toward me.
I smacked again, a little harder this time with no response. A third smack resounded and I was beginning to like the sound. She was rocking back and forth now, waiting for the next smack which I obligingly gave to a slight gasp this time.
"That's four, well taken," I said, surprising myself. "Now for a little reward." I reached between her now well-spread legs and messaged gently on her clit for a few seconds. "Ready for more," I whispered softly, leaning forward.
"Yessss," came a very soft reply and there were four more loud smacks that broke the silence.
Now when I looked at her cheeks, they were no longer that pale milky color but a very nice shade of pink. Another few seconds of reward and then another four smacks.
A quiet voice said, "Don't you have a better reward than that? I've been very good."
I probed gently with a finger, she was fairly dripping wet and that leash, which she had so carefully brought to life thrust inside that very wet and very warm canal.
"Much better," she murmured as she left her ass in the air but slowly dropped her head to the ground.
The sight of those pink cheeks, the soft and very sensual way she said the few words that she spoke, the way she was thrusting her ass at me and maybe the little kick from finishing that glass of wine had me wired and ready. My body went into motion and I don't think I was controlling it -- it was doing its own thing and it was doing it faster and faster. Brenda was rocking back and forth totally in time with me and the slapping of our bodies together sounded louder that the smacks I had given her earlier. I had hold of her hips and wished I could see her boobs bouncing underneath her but that wasn't going to happen. She was beginning to make noises, louder and louder noises and I could feel orgasm number two taking over my body as well and my grunts mingled with her moans until I began to jerk as I could feel streams of hot liquid exploding into her as a final and very loud, "Ahhhhhh," burst out and I could feel her squeezing me repeatedly as she orgasmed as well as we collapsed together on the grass that was now a little damp with the dew.
I rolled to the side and spooned her, holding onto those pointed boobs and squeezing as, instinctively, that seemed the proper thing to do. There were one or two more squeezes on my cock as she finished and we lay there silently for long minutes.
Finally, her voice, not so sensuous now but more matter-of-factly said, "Maybe we should go get in the pool. People will be coming back soon and, even for this group, this is not too appropriate."
I had to laugh at that but I did detach myself from her and we stood up and went to the pool and climbed in. The water was cool but felt kind of good and we actually swam around a little, just enjoying it. Sure enough, in short minutes we saw Ryan and Kirsten coming out of the house and heading for the pool. They waved, then came in and slipped into the water themselves.
As Kirsten was getting in the pool Brenda whispered in my ear.
"This could be a little awkward so . . . ," and she swam off toward the far wall to talk to Ryan.
Kirsten swam up beside me and smiled.
"How was that?" I questioned, nudging her.
"Interesting," she said, a thoughtful look on her face.
"Just interesting?"
"Yeah, I think that describes it. Physically it was pretty good. Certainly, something very new. That's quite an instrument he has there and I think that's the problem."
"Problem? What kind of a problem can that be?" I was thinking I'd like to have that sort of a problem.
"It's like he's saying here's this big cock and you should be happy to get it and I don't need to do anything else because you should just be thankful for that." She looked at me. "Does that make sense? I mean, it was big and different for sure, but in the end, not really very satisfying."
I was kind of surprised to hear her say that but, in a way, it was nice to know. "I guess that surprises me a little," I ventured.
"Me too. I guess I was expecting more." I got a nice kiss after that.
"Do you think Rhonda has any more plans for tonight?" she said after a short pause.
"Is Rhonda in charge, or are you hoping for something more? And, speak of the devil, here come Rhonda and Brian now." And right behind them came Caleb and Valerie. Soon, all eight of us were in the pool again.
"Well madam program director," I said when Rhonda and Caleb had come over beside us. "Any more plans for this evening?"
She grinned broadly. "Probably not for this group," she said quietly. "We've already screwed up your 'once in a lifetime' plan you had about Belize, and with these other people living right here, who knows what the future might hold?" She had about the biggest grin I'd even seen on her.
A big sigh from Kirsten as she shook her head. This second side of Kirsten was very appealing. "No video tonight though," she said and laughed.
Making things easier, Ryan and Valerie said they'd have to be headed home as they had an early rising ahead of them tomorrow. Brian and Brenda concurred and they gathered up their bathing suits and she took his hand to lead him through the front yard and back to their house again. Valerie gave Kirsten a hug and thanked her for inviting them and then I got a hug too with those big boobs crushed against my chest. And, I also got a nice kiss which was unexpected. In just a few minutes it was just the four of us, still naked of course.
All of a sudden, I noticed that air was getting a little chilly. I also noticed something else.
"Rhonda, you're getting goose bumps."
She looked down at her chest. "Yes, those too," she admitted after checking her nicely hardened nipples.
"Kirsten has the same problem," Kaleb ventured, as he had always been fascinated with Kirsten's nipples for some reason. I guess for good reason as they were very nice.
"Hot tub then," I suggested and got immediate agreement. I took care of getting the pool shut down, the lights out and the gate locked as the others ran to the hot tub. I wasn't far behind and the hot water felt good. With only four of us the tub was a very adequate size.
Once there, Kirsten couldn't resist. "How were those even bigger ones," she said to Caleb while nodding toward Rhonda.
"She was very appreciative of all the attention she got, even surprisingly so I think," he replied. "I really wasn't quite expecting that seeing that Ryan is her hubby."
"I was with Ryan," Kirsten shot back, "and I can understand why."
Caleb nodded. "No need to explain, I think I can figure it out," he said. "But," and he looked at me, "you better beware when she's around Pat because she mentioned your name several times," and grinning added, "way more than would be normal doing what we were doing."
Now Kirsten slid over and grabbed my very relaxed cock. "Maybe I'll get one of those male chastity belts for when she visits. I did notice that she gave you a pretty big hug . . . and a nice kiss when she left."
It was fun to be with Rhonda and Caleb again and it certainly brought back lots of very pleasant memories. And those memories, along with looking at each other half submerged in the hot tub brought thoughts to the mind that began to stir reactions that I could feel in my crotch. Rhonda made no effort to hide those big, beautiful breasts and those pale, pale blue eyes kept looking at me. And, even with the total fascination with Rhonda, I couldn't help but notice Caleb eyeing Kirsten with a rather longing look in his eyes. I did glance over at her and her nipples were very erect and looked hard as they ever got. Had to be in anticipation of what might be ahead.
There was a certain reluctance showing on everyone's face along with a look of deep anticipation that gave away the thoughts that were racing through our minds. Our mindless chatter betrayed what we were really thinking, what our eyes were saying but our mouths were reluctant to speak. The inevitability of what was going to happen I'm sure was there in each of our thoughts but, for some reason, no one wanted to be the first to speak those words. I saw Caleb take a deep breath, his eyes boring into Kirsten's.
"Want to take a little walk and show me around," he said, innocent enough sounding words, but filled with the heat of desire in the way he said it.
"Sure," she replied, a little too eagerly but echoing the emotion we were all feeling. She stood up slowly and took his hand, stepping carefully over the edge of the tub.
"How about you?" I said to Rhonda and stood up also, taking her hand as she stood up quickly and stepped out of the tub.
Caleb and Kirsten walked hand in hand, side by side toward our house while Rhonda and I headed toward the swimming pool and Adam and Jenny's house. She was actually a little taller than I was but not enough to make a difference. As we started away, I grabbed my keyring.
"I know how you are with Kirsten and you know how I am with Caleb but," and she looked over at me, "I've missed you and Caleb has missed Kirsten."
Since I knew exactly what she was saying and feeling since I was feeling the same way and I knew Kirsten was as well, I said, "Very much the same here, even though we have seen you two a lot of times over the past two years."
She laughed and squeezed my hand. "Oh my gosh, those videos are nearly worn out at our house. We watch them and the sex is fantastic afterwards, but we wish you two were there to share it with us. Is that terrible to feel that way?"
"I hope not because that's exactly how it is at our place. We could watch some porn, of course, but we have something a lot better for sure, something that has meaning for us." I unlocked the pool gate and then we were at the back door of the house which I also unlocked and opened.
"Wow," she said. "A private house, just like the bungalows in Belize." In the dim light I watched her beautiful ass wiggle in the door ahead of me. She was certainly spectacular, in many more ways than one.
"No ocean to roll around in here," I quipped, following her inside.
"I guess we'll just have to make do," she replied, dropping all pretense as to what was about to happen.
I led her to the living room and switched on a light when what I was doing suddenly struck me. We were right in front of the picture window that Brenda had showed me. My heart was pounding and she was looking longingly at the erection that was bobbing up and down slightly with the beating of my heart. Should I. Maybe I should tell her. Of course, I had to, no question since I had turned the light on.
"How hot are you," I asked quietly, kind of a weird question at this stage of things.
She gave me a crooked little smile but played along. She raised one leg slightly and I could see her short, blond muff glistening. A very pleasant answer.
"See that window -- Brian and Brenda live next door." It only took her seconds to get the picture so I continued. One night, Kirsten and I were here checking out the house before we went to bed and, well, through the upstairs bedroom window we could see into their house and they were making love. Kirsten kept saying we shouldn't watch but, pretty quickly, we were both naked and it was almost like watching one of the videos and, well, you can guess. Today, Brenda very quietly told me she had seen us in the window watching and we owed them a watching as well.
"Whoa, that's kind of different, but a little exciting as well." Rhonda licked her lips as she said it.
"This is the spot she suggested, where it's easy for them to watch."
"And you're wondering if I'm bold enough and horny enough to give them an extra surprise?"
"If they happen to be watching."
"Well," she gently murmured, as she moved her body against mine, "if they're watching, they've seen us standing here very naked and they know there's only one reason for us to be standing here very naked so if we don't do what they're expecting, and what I'm expecting and what you're expecting . . ." Her voice trailed off.
"Too bad we're naked." I said.
A frowning look from Rhonda.
"Sometimes undressing is half the fun." An agreeing smile from her.
Our faces were only about two inches apart, those wonderful breasts pushed against my chest and her belly pressed against mine. She stuck out her tongue. Those pale blue eyes searching mine were more than I could stand. I groaned just a little and our tongues met, very gently, and danced together in that short space between us, just the tongues and the eyes, touching and watching. Her lips parted as they moved forward and closed on my tongue, pulling it gently into her mouth, the sliding across in and out, as my tongue was having sex with her mouth. She had both hands on my buns and pulled me against her and my now very stiff cock slid between her legs and against some very warm and wet labia. She closed her legs and held me tightly in place which wasn't really necessary as I had no intention of leaving that spot.
"It's been two years and I've changed a little," she said, talking softly and biting my tongue at the same time. She was rocking her hips very slightly, sliding herself back on forth on my erection.
"How's that?" I said, managing to speak with great difficulty.
"I've gained two pounds. Can you find it?" I ran my hands over her ass, squeezing as I went, then up her sides to her waist, squeezing again gently, then to her breasts where I squeezed a little harder to a gentle jerk from her and a harder bite on my tongue.
"I can't find it anywhere."
"You'll have to search a little more thoroughly," she whispered, still gently bumping her hips against mine, still nibbling on my tongue and still watching me with those blue eyes. "Two years of remembering the fun we had and watching those videos, over and over." Then, without any change in what was happening, "Do you think they're watching?"
"Does it matter?" Now it my turn to nibble on her tongue.
"Not to me. I'm not performing at all." Her mouth was gone and moving lower, kissing my chest, licking as it went, kissing my belly and then a big kiss to the head of that throbbing and pulsating penis that was ready for whatever was in store for it. She took it in her mouth in one giant swallow, then pulled off sucking hard as she did. "Hmmm, tasting my own juices, and yours mixed with mine. Want a taste?" she coyly asked, sliding two fingers inside her very wet pussy then bringing them to my face. I sucked the musky flavor off her fingers as she continued to work on me and couldn't help but groan as her magic mouth caused wonderful feelings to rip through my body from top to bottom. But, after two years I knew that I couldn't last with what she was doing for very long.
"Same rules," I questioned with a grunt, remembering Belize.
"Two years later and no rules," she said, letting loose of me for a second. "And if you're asking, something must be getting ready to happen. I must have gotten better over these two years," and her mouth enveloped me again, her tongue working wonders as she looked up at me and kept moving forward till her lips were against my pubes. Slowly she pulled clear off. "Surprised?" she asked in her most coquettish voice. And then I was totally swallowed again. Now my hands were tangled in her hair as my body was just reacting, my brain comatose from the sensations running through my body.
"How long will we be here?" I gasped out, and once again I was released.
"How long do we need?"
"Not long if you keep that up."
"Or maybe a little longer then, to let you recover . . . and then recover again . . . and again." I could hardly breathe as one more plunge came and went. "Caleb and Kirsten can find something to do, I'm sure." Another plunge as some scenes from the videos flashed through my head. But she was working again, her hair still wound through my fingers and her hands digging into my butt cheeks as if she was trying to push me deeper into her throat. But I didn't have more to push with, she had it all.
I could feel the heat building in my body, my blood almost boiling as it raced through my veins, my heart pounding in an effort to keep up. I could hear myself groaning and I tried to mumble out that I was going to cum but I wasn't sure that I said anything. If Rhonda heard me, it didn't change anything she was doing until a nearly shouted, "OH SHIT!" tore from my lungs and she backed off and let her hand go to work as rope after rope of hot, creamy liquid launched onto her face and hair and breasts. And she didn't stop until I mumbled, "Okay, okay, okay."
"Just okay," she said, smiling. "All I get is an okay?" She stroked my a few more times.
It seemed like I was barely conscious and I couldn't even answer what she had just said.
"Well," she continued, "in this case I think your no answer tells the story." She giggled. "I guess I've still got it."
Finding a trace of voice again I said, "That, and two extra pounds." I got a big sloppy kiss.
She stood up and was gone for a minute or so. When she came back, she had cleaned the mess I had left on her and she sat down in front of me.
But now it was my turn. Taking a deep breath, I pushed her down onto her back. Starting at her feet, I ran my hands slowly up her legs, across her belly, up along the sides of those fabulous tits, squeezing them gently together, then across her very flushed chest and along her neck to a very hot pair of cheeks.
"Hi," she said.
"Hi," I whispered, then began kissing my way back down. Her body was hot against my lips as I worked across that now very splotchy red and flushed chest until I was kissing and sucking on her nipples, not quite as spectacular as Kirsten's, but which were already erect and very stiff. I could hear her murmuring with each movement of mine. Down a little more, across that now slightly damp belly, lingering on the navel for long seconds, then into that neatly trimmed blond muff, tugging on the hair with my teeth. Her legs were together, waiting for my orders or my actions. I carefully spread her legs apart, then lifted her knees. She was wet and glistening in the bright light of the living room. I kissed my way down from her knee to that wet place.
"I recognize this taste from just a few minutes ago," I teased softly.
Her hand slid in under my face and two fingers dipped inside. Back out they went to my mouth. "Are you sure?" she said as I sucked on her fingers.
"Absolutely."
"Good then. You must be the man I was just with. Just had to be sure."
Not only was the taste there but that wonderful odor that was nothing but sex surrounded us. Quickly now my tongue went to work, licking from top to bottom of that warm and inviting cleft. My teeth nibbled gently on first one labium and then the other, then the tongue pressed harder and found a swollen nub that brought a gentle squeal from up above. "I think I found those two pounds," I said quietly and my lips went to work on that nub as well. My fingers gently held her wide open, with that pink and shiny nub just begging to be attended to. And attend to it I did, first flicking with my tongue, then some gentle sucking, then more flicking and, as her hips began to move and rise off the floor, harder sucking as her legs closed against my head, holding me in place as my tongue was rubbing as well until a long and loud, "Ooohhhhhh," erupted form her lips and I plunged a finger inside her to feel her vagina contracting with each jerk of her body until, slowly her hips came back down, the squeezing and jerking nearly stopped and only her very hard breathing could be heard.
In long seconds, she opened her eyes. "There's a light in the window next door," she said, "the one on the second floor. I thought I could see someone there a while ago, but then I couldn't keep my eyes open. Now I don't see them."
I had forgotten all about that, totally overwhelmed to be with Rhonda again. I had to smile though. "Should we go over and see if we can spy on Caleb and Kirsten?"
"We're not through here yet." She was right, of course. "But that's enough show. The rest of what we do will be more private. She slowly crawled across the living room on hands and knees, that perfect ass and now very wet slit clearly visible and pointing directly at me. Near the far wall she just stopped crawling. "You're looking, aren't you?"
"I'd be blind or dead if I wasn't. That's a view of perfection I haven't seen for a while, except on the computer or TV screen."
"So, you guys watch on the big TV too, huh?" Still not moving. But I could tell from my physical reactions that I had quickly recovered. Very gradually she did move, but only by moving one knee so they were a little wider apart. Actually, just about wide enough. She knew what she was doing for sure. As I got closer, she said, "I felt your finger -- you were feeling me cum weren't you?"
"Those sounds are the nicest sounds there are, and your body doing what it does and the feel of you squeezing my finger with every little movement, that's about as good as it gets."
"Are you sure about that, because I know you're right there, and you're looking, and something else is going to happen that better be pretty good, better than my little pussy squeezing your finger which was really nice but it wants to squeeze something else and I think it's going to get it's want taken care of."
Again, she was right, of course. As wet as she was and as wet as I still was from what she had done to me, I slid inside almost without pushing to a sensuous, "ahhhh," from her. It was warm enough in the house, with the air conditioner turned back, that there was a sheen to her entire body.
"No hands," I said, bumping her ass gently as I thrust and withdrew a couple of times.
"Use your hands," she suggested. "You'll like it more and when I get to bucking against you, you'll need them to keep me in place." With that she began rocking forward and backward, gradually quickening the pace, and I had no choice but to grab her hips and hold myself in place. "Better," she called out and she was really beginning to move. Thank goodness I had shot my load three times already tonight or I wouldn't have lasted very long this time and I didn't want that to happen. The only sound now was the slapping of our bodies together and the squishing sound of my cock in her pussy. No rules she had said so I didn't have to think about pulling out so I pounded away, holding on tight to keep us together until I could feel the heat and the orgasm overwhelming me as, for the first time, I emptied myself inside Rhonda as, amazingly, at the same time I heard her gasping and the squeezing on my cock as I realized that she had orgasmed with me.
I was still moving, as was she, as we slowed down together.
"That was a little surprise," I said, kissing through the perspiration on her back.
"I do that once in a while now. Don't know why or when -- it just happens. I hope you could feel it."
"I'm glad it happened now, and yes I could feel it. It's kind of a special treat."
"I have to admit that I'm always glad when it happens, and, like you, I think Caleb really gets his rocks off over it too." She paused for a moment. "And that crack about the two pounds. It actually charged me up a couple of notches."
As she lay there talking to me, I think I noticed, almost for the first time this meeting, her English accent or, as she often said, her non-accent. It was we North Americans who have the accent.
"Hot tub?" she questioned, "while we wait for them."
"Sure." This was easy since we had come naked and I just needed to turn the lights out, lock the door and head for home. As fate would have it, as we were walking across the yard, Kirsten and Caleb came out the back door and were climbing in the tub. We joined them.
As it turned out this time, I was sitting across from Kirsten and Caleb was across from Rhonda. We settled back and relaxed for a few moments, I guess not quite sure what to say as this had been a slightly different experience from those in Belize. Finally, Kirsten broke the silence.
"What are you gawking at?" she said, throwing her arms across her chest, her face turning a lovely shade of pink. It was a rhetorical question, of course, since everyone knew what I was gawking at. Her nipples were a deep shade of red and still long and hard, long after they should have returned to their relaxed mode. They had always been that way in Belize after she had been with Caleb that couple of times.
"Caleb must be here," I giggled to her, much to her chagrin.
Playing right along with Kirsten's unabashed embarrassment, Caleb added, "I like them. Can't help myself at all -- I love to play with them." Slowly Kirsten slid down until she was completely submerged and out of sight. A round of laughter followed. Equally slowly, she reemerged.
"Hope you've had your fun," she laughed.
"If it makes you feel better, Rhonda has gained two pounds in two years and I think I found where." Now it was her turn to blush just a bit. But she did turn to Caleb and related the story of Kirsten and I watching Brian and Brenda and then our almost certainly being watched in turn tonight. "But," I added, "Brenda has my cell number and she's supposed to text when there'll be another 'viewing'. You two may get a chance to catch up."
"Did they get a good show?" Kirsten asked, oddly curious it seemed.
Rhonda responded. "They only got to see act one. Act two was in private." She winked at me.
"And no video?" Caleb questioned with a grin.
"No video." I responded as a light began to turn on in my brain. "How about over here?"
"Of course," Kirsten chirped. "Of course."
As it was getting pretty late, we decided we'd turn in for the night. We climbed out of the hot tub, toweled off and headed inside. Despite smelling of chlorine, Kirsten and I decided to shower in the morning. As we were climbing into bed she said, with an evil grin, "I was hoping when you came back from the other house you wouldn't get in the hot tub. That way I could have cleaned her off of you and gotten you ready for me."
"After the night we had, I'm sure there are still traces of her there so have your way."
It was another hour before we got to bed and, from the sounds we could hear, I suspect at least as long for Caleb and Rhonda too. But tomorrow was another day and . . . who knows.
__________________________________________
I anticipate that there will be more chapters to this story as it seems impossible that it would end here. Just have to figure out who and what. Suggestions always welcome.