The story that follows began about five years ago, and I feel it is now finally ready to be told. To give a broader perspective, my husband and I have decided to take turns writing chapters. We had great fun writing it and we hope you enjoy! I decided to let my husband write the first chapter, because as you'll soon see, he had a much better view of the opening exchanges...
Chapter 1
I knew something was up from the moment my wife met me at the door wearing a full face of makeup, bright red lipstick and a big dressing gown deliberately concealing whatever was underneath. I half expected her to drop the robe and fuck me right there on the doorstep -- it wouldn't have been the first time -- but it turned out she had something much more elaborate planned for that particular warm spring evening.
'Out onto the balcony, now!' she commanded in her firmest sergeant-major tone. I obeyed, intrigued to know what was coming next. Once I had stepped out onto our balcony, she pointed at a chair.
'Take a seat.'
I did what she asked, and before I could react she had grabbed my hands, yanked them behind my back, and secured them tightly with one of my ties. She linked the tie through the back of the chair, tying me firmly in place. Then, without any further ado, she disappeared back inside, closing the glass screen door behind her. I heard the lock click into place, and then she rolled down the blinds, blocking my view of inside. And that was how I found myself still dressed in my suit from work, tied down to a chair and locked out on our fifth-floor balcony.
An unexpected turn, to be sure, but then again with Caterina nothing ever went as expected. My wife is a complete sexual minx; gorgeous brown skin, a firm, toned body, deep chestnut eyes that are always sparkling mischievously, and a wide, sensuous mouth that tends to make most men immediately think of a particular sexual act. She is of Armenian-Italian descent, and so I often tell her that she has the arse of a Kardashian mixed with the grace of Sophia Loren, although in truth I know even this comparison sells her short. She is also exceedingly adventurous when it comes to sexual escapades, so there was an endless number of possibilities running through my head as I sat stuck on the balcony, wondering what exactly she had planned.
She left me out there for what must have been ten minutes, although the anticipation made it feel much longer. Finally, the white blind on the window fluttered, and began to slowly rise. The balcony was linked to our bedroom by a full length sliding glass door, covered by the white blind which was now slowly rising to reveal Caterina's dainty ankles. When her knees appeared through the glass, she stopped the blind, pausing to let me take in her bare legs. Then it began to rise again, slowly uncovering a tight black skirt, her midriff, a skimpy black crop top, and finally, as the blind totally receded, her face. She was smirking at me, her bright red lipstick standing out alluringly as she blew me a pouty kiss.
Moving back slightly from the glass, she pressed a button on her phone and a sultry, slow song began to play over our outside speakers. I glanced around behind me, wondering if anyone was watching. There were no other balconies directly overlooking ours, but from the street our wide glass window was not totally obscured. With the daylight slowly dying the light of the room would begin to stand out to passer-by's below, who would also no doubt notice the music that sounded like it belonged in a strip club blaring through our speakers. Caterina was aware of all this, I was sure -- in fact, the potential to be seen was probably turning her on hugely.
She began to sway her hips slowly in time with the music, leaning forward to display her cleavage. After a quick spin to show off her arse that was practically bursting out of the skin tight skirt, she began to play with her crop top, flicking at the edges, pretending to lift it before letting it drop. Finally, she lifted it all the way and flicked it off with a flourish, revealing a lacy black bra. As I admired the smooth skin and the gorgeous tits bulging under the scanty bra, I felt an erection stirring in my pants. Caterina shook her head at me seductively. Though I couldn't hear her words through the glass, I knew exactly what she was saying -- 'I know you want me, but you can't have me'.
Still swaying in time to the music, she began playing with the buttons of her skirt, unfastening it slowly to unveil a bright red G-string. She spun round again and the moved towards the window, pressing her arse tightly up against the glass. The effect was amazing, and I couldn't help but strain against my bonds, trying to get closer. But the knot held tight, so I was stuck in place as Caterina danced away from the glass. Next she began to play with the bra, unclipping the strap but holding it in place, dragging my torment out as long as she could. When she finally tossed it aside, revealing her perfectly round tits, I was once again squirming in my chair, pulling at my ties. Again Caterina leaned up against the window, her cute little nipples squished and magnified against the glass, and she grinned as she noticed the uncontrollable erection swelling in my pants.
'Do you want me to come out and play with you?' she asked, her raunchy tone just about audible through the glass. I nodded hungrily.
'Too bad.'
She pirouetted away from the window, discarding her G-string with a single fluid moment, opening her legs wide to show me her pussy. It was totally bare, the hair all shaved away -- that was new, I realised. She really had gone to great lengths to put on this show. Totally naked now, she continued to prance around the room, gyrating her hips, shaking her arse in time to the music. Finally, the music faded and she came to a stop. What next I wondered? Would I finally be left in?
Apparently not yet. Caterina disappeared momentarily into the kitchen, and returned carrying a chair. She placed it in front of the window, took a seat, and then reached into the draw beside our bed. The sex draw I realised with a thrill. Slowly, with a contrived look of innocence, she removed first her largest, most realistic dildo, and then her favourite vibrator. Resting the dildo on her arm, she gazed out the window at me, her eyes flashing with a steamy, provocative fire, and then, while still holding my gaze, leaned forward and began to gently kiss the tip of her dildo. She lowered it onto her chest, rubbing it softly between her tits, and then brought it back up to her mouth, taking it between her lips and then deep into her throat. As she brought it out, now stained with her red lipstick, I didn't need to lip-read to guess what she was saying.
'Bet you wish this was you.'
By now the remains of the day had totally faded, and the streetlamps along our street had flickered into life. No doubt the window was clearly visible from the dark street below, but far from inhibiting Caterina's performance, the chance of being seen only seemed to encourage her. Leaning back on the chair, she spread her legs wide and rested them high up on the glass. This gave me a complete view of her pussy, which was by now dripping wet with excitement. With slow deliberate actions, still holding my gaze the entire time, Caterina took her dildo and began to rub the tip against her clit, her face contorting in a grimace of satisfaction. When she finally took the head and thrust it firmly into her vagina, I heard her gasp of pleasure even through the glass.
Pausing to gather her senses, the dildo now deeply inside her soaking wet pussy, she flicked on the vibrator, held it tightly to her clit, and then began to pump the dildo, in and out, in and out. Watching Caterina fuck herself so sensuously just a few feet in front of my face, but unable to move or participate, tied firmly in place, I was completely overcome with arousal. She was clearly nearing climax now, shudders of pleasure racing across her body, her tits bouncing up and down irresistibly in time to the thrusts, her eyes thrown back in glorious ecstasy.
'Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck', came through the glass. She was completely in the moment, ignoring both me and the potential audience down below, totally absorbed in her explosive climax.
Finally, the pumping slowed, she dropped the vibrator and slumped back into the seat. For a moment she sat eyes closed, enjoying the afterglow, but then she looked up and met my expectant gaze. Slowly, clearly enjoying dragging out my torture, she stood up, unclicked the lock on the door, and stepped out onto the balcony. Still totally naked, she stood over me, noticing the obvious erection bulging in my pants. Putting on her most innocent air, she knelt next to me, slipped off my pants, and took my throbbing dick in her hands.
'My my, someone is excited', she teased.
'That was fucking incredible', I managed, my voice breathless and husky.
'It sure was', Caterina replied. 'And I am planning on taking care of you as well. But first, you have to agree to do something for me'.
'Anything.'
She pointed to the outside table.
'Read the note. If you agree, I'll stay down here on my knees and take care of you like the dirty little slut that I am. But if you don't agree...' She shook her head reproachfully. 'Well, if you don't agree, someone's going to bed horny and sad'.
She released one of my hands from its binding, and handed me the scrap of paper that had been sitting unnoticed on the table. My eyes widened with shock as I read the note.
'You want that!'
Caterina nodded innocently. 'Not now, obviously, but soon. You have to promise. Then I'll take care of this bloated monster.' She squeezed by dick sharply, sending a wave of pleasure shooting up my body. I was hardly in a position to refuse -- she had me quite literally by the balls. Then again, it was a pretty scandalous request, even by our standards. Caterina began to slowly circle the tip of my dick with her tongue.
'Well,' she asked, 'what's it going to be?'
I gulped. This was definitely a boundary I thought we'd never break, but what the hell. She was a dirty, naughty girl, and she deserved it if she wanted it. I nodded.
'Okay, you can have that. I promise'.
She smiled deliciously.
'Good boy. I knew you wouldn't be able to say no'. Her tongue shot out of her mouth again, flicking against the top of my dick, and then tracing slowly down my shaft. She began to kiss the shaft, gently at first, then more firmly, slowly rising back to the top and taking my dick in her mouth. With one hand now grasping the base of my dick and the other delicately cupping my balls, she began to suck voraciously, up and down, leaving red lipstick smeared along the shaft. I squirmed against my bonds as she took me deeper into her mouth, and felt the cum rising slowly to the top of my dick as her mouth rose and fell, up and down, up and down.
Suddenly she stopped, pulling away, leaving my gasping. But before I could complain, she took me back into her mouth, even deeper this time. Overwhelmed by the sucking and the feel of her darting tongue, I came violently, spurting cum into her mouth. She sucked it up eagerly, squeezing my dick tightly to draw out every last drop. When my dick had finally stopped jerking, she released it, allowing me to fall back contentedly. Looking around, I realised it was completely dark, and we were almost certainty visible from the street below. Feeling slightly bashful now, Caterina untied my remaining hand and we quickly dashed inside and lowered the blinds. But not before she reminded me.
'You promised.'
'Yes', I agreed. 'I promised.'
As wild and licentious as the night had been, it had nothing on what lay ahead for us.