Avril stepped out of the shower, grabbed her robe and wandered around, picking up a necklace, earrings, skin care and doing her makeup. When she reached the bedroom she stepped out of the robe and checked herself over, moisturised and snapped on her earrings and necklace, which were both bright blue and dangling, matching her eye catching blue makeup. She then stepped into her skirt and halter neck top and turned to see her reflection, which showed her dark red shoulder length hair a red low cut halter neck top. When she bent over she, or anyone else that looked over her shoulder, could see down to the edge of her nipples; this was almost sure to occur, since she was fairly short--even with her heels she only stood 150cm. There was then the skirt that was white and came just below her butt, flaring just enough to tell she was not wearing underwear, and if she bent over or spun around, anyone could easy see up to at least the bottom of her butt. This was the prefect slutty-but-sweet look for finally submitting to the dom girls, as she had been watching them for awhile now and had seen the type they liked to play with.
Avril thought back to how her life had changed in the past year and a half. After Bobby created the rules for her, they had a blast for another six months but then drifted apart and decided to each go their separate ways. Avril had given herself six months to get over Bobby and think about what she wanted in her life. This last 6months Avril starting looking again for ways to challenge herself as a submissive, which is where the girls come in. Three months ago, Avril noticed them while at an alternative club where they had brought in a girl on a leash and passed her around the dance floor. The regulars in the club seemed to be used to this happening and took full advantage of having a play thing, while the girls watched and danced with each other. Avril watched these two another couple nights, and soon they were all she was thinking of and this lead to her decision to offer herself to them. With that, Avril took one last look in the mirror and ran out the door to catch the bus downtown.
As Avril stepped in the door, a few regulars looked her over with approving smiles. As the girls were not on the floor yet, Avril got a drink and sat on a stool at the bar to wait. She did not have to wait long, as within 15 minutes they walked in the door. Both were dressed in red and black leather-- one in a short skirt one in pants which had clips down the sides, with ties and accessories attached. Both also wore low cut tops with section missing all down the arms, had blood red hair which flowed around their shoulders, and dark elaborate makeup.
As they moved with the crowd, Avril's eyes never left them. She watched them dance for three songs, and when the third was ending Avril got up, walked directly to them and sank to her knees with her hands behind her back, raised her head just enough to look at their faces and softly breathed "Please I want to be used by you."
"Stand up, I'm Shannon and this is Tegan, and you are?"
"Avril."
As Avril stood up, Shannon and Tegan began walking around her, and both came back and stood in front of Avril.
Tegan stepped up to Avril and spoke into her ear "There are a few rules if you wanna hang with us."
With that, Tegan tore the bottom of Avril's top so it came to just below her tits, and said "One, we love midriff tops."
Tegan stepped back to see the effect and Shannon stepped up, wrapped Avril in a hug, reached under Avril's skirt and trailed one finger down Avril's pussy. She then stepped back and put her finger up to Tegan's lips who then sucked off Avril's juices as Shannon advised. "Well you already have got that rule correct. Third is you are never to say no to anything we or anyone we care to share you with wants to do to you, where ever you are."
Tegan spoke up, "If anything ever gets out of hand, the safe word for us and among our friends is RED."
As a new song started up the girls lead Avril by the wrists to a bunch of guys who were chatting around a lounge in a dark corner, but they stopped their conversation and greeted the girls with enthusiasm, while apprising Avril who was standing slightly behind them. With a quick pull and a shove, Avril was among the guys and was being sat down on the middle of the couch. Shannon walked up behind her pulled Avril's wrists behind her one each side of a metal support bar and tied them together with a strip that was attached to her pants.
With that, Tegan came and grabbed Shannon and said, "Come dance this is a great song." As they reached the dance floor Tegan called back over her shoulder "This is her initiation so take her through slowly..." With a devish grin, she turned back to Shannon and they danced, which drew a lot of eyes around the dance floor away from Avril.
The four guys with Avril now settled around her: one on either side and, and two directly in front on the coffee table.
"What is your name?"
"Avril."
"So how did you end up in this position?"
"I want to be used by Shannon and Tegan, I will do whatever they wish me to do."
"Well aren't we lucky boys, because they wish us to play with you."
With that the 2 guys opposite her put one leg each on the inside of Avril's, so that her legs were forced apart enough that they had a clear view of her pussy. Avril smiled, realising this is what she had wanted and needed for quite sometime; at the same time she attempted to relax and look enticing. With only a moment's pause there was a mouth latching on to hers, one hand over her top, one hand under it and 2 fingers softly stroking down the centre of her pussy, and with that came the exclamation, "Fuck this toy is wet!"
This remark made Avril moan and her pussy twitch, and with that, the hands left her tits and quickly dipped into her pussy. They inserted two fingers in and out, and then went back to roaming her body, and the lips that were pressing against hers kept changing. Soon the roaming changed to flicking, grabbing, and twisting, which made Avril arch her back to move with the direction in which her nipples were being pulled.
Soon two fingers and thumb slid into her pussy, and started slowly going deeper till his third knuckles were resting on her flesh. Then he started to push against her pussy walls expanding his fingers, and when all three were spread and straightened, he begin moving them. After a couple of slow strokes, he started pumping his fingers into Avril. Just when she started to tense, three hands simultaneously pinched both nipples and her clit. At that moment Avril looked out to the dance floor and met the girls' eyes as they were dirty dancing slowly, and both watching her. This was enough to push Avril over the top, and just as she started to cum a mouth locked around hers to muffle the sound.
As Avril came down, she realised all the hands were still on her just softly running along her skin. Two hands pinched her nipples, and as Avril opened her eyes, she saw it was Shannon and Tegan, and that the boys had moved away. Shannon bent down and kissed Avril as Tegan moved behind and released her hands, only to tie them again in front with rope leaving about 1/2 metre hanging down from her wrists. With that, Shannon pulled Avril up and advised "Let's go for a walk to show this one off". With that, they left the club as Avril walked along behind them, with Tegan hold the rope that tied her wrist together.
As they walked down the block where all the clubs were, Avril felt every pair of eyes that leered at her. One guy strolled past and ran his hand along the side of her tummy, then called out "Hey, Tegan can I warm my hand up on this hot thing?"
Tegan nodded but they did not change their pace, the guy slide closer to Avril put his hand around her, and straight down under her skirt so he could reach the underside of her ass and walked along with them, kneading her ass. Avril felt this make her skirt rise, so even walking a good chunk of her ass would be shown to anyone walking behind her.
As they stopped outside a club, the guy gave her ass a slap and walked on. Avril took in her surroundings as they entered a clearly an alternative club, as they all fit in dress-wise, and there even were a couple people with collars and leashes being lead around. As she was lead around and people spoke to the girls, Avril lost track of how many times her ass and tits got groped. They made their way through to the dance floor and up onto the blocks in the middle of the floor.
All three of them dirty danced for a couple of songs. Shannon was behind Avril and reached around to place her hand down Avril's skirt and played with her clit in time with the music, but stopped just as she was close to cumming. Shannon and Tegan stepped down from the dance blocks and Shannon told Avril,
"Stay and dance as we want to see how well you play with others, remember we know these people and they can play with our toys."
As Avril danced a couple of songs by herself, she spotted Shannon watching her from the next level. Just then, hands grabbed her around the waist and lifted her off the block and pulled her tight against himself.
Within a minute Avril felt a chic dancing at her back, as the guy's hands went under her skirt to grab her ass, and the chic's fingers roamed on the underside of her breasts. As she lifted Avril's hands over her head, and pressed her tied hands down against her back, the guy kissed Avril, while his hand moved down and he started to finger her. The chic also moved her hand down and started pinching Avril's clit and nipple at the same time. This and the guy's fingers still sliding in and out of her made Avril cum, moaning into the chic's mouth who had just clamped her lips over hers. They both pressed against Avril till she stopped twitching and just then the guy lifted her a bit, and pulled her towards himself. As he lowered Avril, she felt his cock slide inside her still twitching pussy. She leaned backwards, as the girl grabbed Avril's tied wrists and kissed her neck then whispered in her ear.
"I'm going to make you cum again."
This made the guy moan, as Avril's pussy had clamped down on it just from the thought of what was being done to her. The chic reached around and started to very slowly stroke Avril's pussy, while the guy started kissing Avril to muffle his moans, as her pussy was fluttering around his cock. As Avril's clit was touched she returned the passionate kisses, and as the fingers playing with her sped up, she felt herself starting to tense again, and she started to cum; her pussy squeezed the guy's cock and he grew and cum, letting her pussy milk the cum from him.
He pulled out; put himself away, turned and walked off, as the chic slid around to the front of Avril. She kissed her deeply, and then turned and followed the guy. Avril realised she was still dancing to the music, and as she did not know what else to do she just kept dancing. After one more song, Shannon stepped up behind her and cupped her tits. Pulling her backwards, she leant down and said,
"That was quite a show, now go to the bathroom and clean yourself up." With that, she gave her a push in the right direction.
As Avril stepped into the bathroom somebody grabbed the rope and yanked her around the corner into a large stall that including a bench and she realised that she was standing in front of Tegan. She slammed and locked the door, and stated, "What are you waiting for slut? Get down on your knees!"
Avril dropped to her knees as her rope was also pulled on sharply, so that her cheek was resting against Tegan's knee. Tegan sat down on the bench, spread her legs and lifted her skirt just a little, and glanced down at Avril who was already moving forward towards her pussy, and could smell the heat of it. "Now make me cum."
Without a second of hesitation, Avril pressed her lips to her shaved pussy and started slow soft licks right along it, which soon turned into probing deeper within Tegan folds, and flicking around her clit. This soon had Tegan panting, and with a slight moan Tegan's hands pressed against the back of Avril's head as she came, smearing her juices all over Avril's lips and chin as Avril franticly attempted to lick it all up. As Tegan's breathing slowed, Avril didn't stopped licking up her juices until Tegan stood up and unlocked the door.
Tegan looked back with a slight smile and said, "Nice, now get cleaned up and come find us, and by the way, no getting your self off." As it happened, this was just what Avril's hands were drifting down to do. As Tegan walked out leaving a frustrated and cum covered Avril still kneeing on the ground, Avril grinned to herself at how quick things had gone.
She reflected upon all that had happened just in the last couple hours, and shivered slightly at the thought of what may be to come. She cleaned up, and with a very wet pussy and smile on her face, she walked back out to the dance floor, looking forward to whatever she would experience next.
Avril found Shannon and Tegan on the dance floor with another couple of girls, Shannon grabbed the rope leading off from her hands which now were back in front, and pulled Avril into the middle of the girls. The girls immediately closed in around her, and had their hands all over her; from her neck to her thighs, there were hands roaming all over. It did not take long for Avril to feel fingers brushing over her clit in time with the music, which gradually began to increase in pressure.
One of the girls exclaimed to Tegan,
"Look she's trembling!"
Tegan just smiled and replied, "Keep going I think we will have to hold this slut up when she cums."
With that, Avril felt the fingers speed up and someone from behind started pumping a couple fingers into her pussy. Being able to hear the sloshing of how horny she was sent her over the top as she came for the fourth time that night. Her knees went from under her, which forced the fingers completely into her pussy, as it clenched around them.
They kept moving as did the fingers pressing down on her clit. Avril was surprised when she didn't stop cumming after about 15 seconds and one orgasm, but just kept going till the hands moved away and helped to hold her up.
After a couple minutes, Avril's mind came back down, as she realised where she was and what had just happened. She sank down to her knee as thanks flowed from her to the four girls standing around her. Tegan leant down, grabbed the rope end and pulled her back to standing, and whispered right in her ear "you've passed." With that, the three of them walked out of the club.