Chapter 9: Sexfit
On that day, I arrived at the venue. I wore a black micro bikini, ready to workout those muscles and win the competition. As usual, the bikini barely fit me, my muscles bulging against the strings. I wore army boots - courtesy of Frederick. My hair was tied neatly.
"Hey," Frederick surprised me.
"Hey!" I consciously covered my exposed areolas and "landing" strip.
"You look gorgeous," he reached out to stroke my shoulders.
I reached beneath his shirt and touched him on his pecs and abs. We were caressing each other and engaging in some hot french kisses. My breasts were exposed completely from his vigorous squeezing. When suddenly, "I thought I could see more action from our porn star." Candice's voice could be heard.
I blushed and promptly adjusted my top, "Hi."
"You two lovers are at it again?"
I could see Frederick blushing.
"We are not lovers," my voice trailing off at the last part.
"Hey this is for you," Candice came and put a pair of cute rabbit ears on top of my head.
The other girl who went through hell with us on the second day of the massage, Ferna, was also here.
"Contestants please gather at your respective post."
I walked out of my changing room to many cheers from the crowd. People were whistling and using their phone cameras to take pictures. As I looked at the contestants, they were visibly fit but definitely not as muscular as me. There were four contestants including me altogether.
Then I noticed one of the contestants. She has a very pretty baby doll face that was flawless. She wore fake eyelashes, bright red lipstick and had her face nicely powdered. She was the only contestant who was completely naked. Although not as big in terms of size, she was very muscular. In fact, she might be more muscular than me. Her body was a sight to behold. Tan, well defined with all the muscles threatening to burst out from her skin. She was looking straight ahead, full of confidence in her body. I also noticed that her muscles were occasionally flexing and relaxing.
The entire crowd has their eyes on her. All the contestants including me were looking at her. I especially loved her muscles and how she surpassed me in having the courage to strip naked and face an entire crowd who was visually raping her without flinching.
Somehow I sensed that she was enjoying all the stares and admiration and it was even exciting her as I noticed streaks of liquid flowing down between her legs. As I traced the liquid to its source, I could see how engorged her clitoris was. As much as she was enjoying the entire experience, she wasn't showing any sign of it on her face.
The other contestants looked at me and I could sense a little trepidation from them. They scanned all over my body and rested their eyes on my biceps and pecs.
I walked over to where my cart was, "Contestant 3, take off your bikini bottom and wear the contraption please." one of the umpires instructed me.
The contraption was attached at the bottom bar to where I would be pulling the top handles of the cart. It looked the shape of a bikini bottom but more rigid. I promptly took off my bikini bottom and slipped into the contraction. I stopped half way as I noticed that there were three devices attached to it. There were two phalluses and a vibrator. I gasped.
"One goes into the vagina and the other into your anus," the umpire said.
He put a generous amount of lubricant onto the phalluses, "Ok, mount up."
I slipped those two into my holes and let out a long, "Wooo..."
The umpire checked on my outfit making sure it was worn correctly and it would not fall out. He signaled to my male model seated behind me. I turned around to look and saw the male model giving me a smile. He has a nice fit body, not the extremely muscular type like Frederick. I could see his biceps and six packs - albeit smaller than Frederick. He was extremely good looking. I found myself blushing.
The male model signaled back to the umpire and I saw his hands pressed a button next to him. Next thing I knew, the vibrator came alive.
"Oh my gosh. Am I supposed to pull this cart with the vibrator on? This is crazy. No way I will be able to do it."
The rest of the contestants were still adjusting. Some had difficulties mounting the phalluses.
The muscular girl bravely brought her pussy and ass towards the giant phalluses. With a single fluid motion, she inserted them into her. Her face was that constant calmness. If she was burning inside like the rest of us, it definitely didn't show on her face.
"What the fuck? Why switch on so fast? The bloody rest also not ready."
I tried to control my breathing to make sure that I don't cum even before we start. Finally everyone was ready and we had to pull the cart to the starting line. As I lifted the cart, "Hmm...not too bad. Not that heavy." However all of us got a rude shock, the phalluses started moving in and out as we pulled the cart.
"Wow, what kind of sick person would come up with such a torment?"
I barely walked three steps when the overwhelming assault on me pushed me over the edge. I trembled and squirted.
"This is bad, my first orgasm and I have already squirted."
Someone from the crowd shouted out, "The girls are all orgasing..."
Another one shouted, "Look, she even squirted."
I stole a quick glance at the other muscular chick and she was also squirting. Her body was trembling and her brown frowning. I reckoned she had it worse than me but her face was not showing any sign of torment. The sight of this well built chick naked and convulsing from a strong orgasm and still putting on a strong brave face somehow excited me extremely. It pushed me to another orgasm - a strong one, a trembling orgasm
And the horn blew. I pulled the cart and was cumming and squirting non stop. I was out of breath faster than normal as I have to fight on so many fronts. My pace slowed and I saw the muscle girl overtook me. I could see her straining her muscles to the max and her body was as though covered with armor plates.
"Wow, she is like a muscle goddess. That demure, pretty face and out-of-this world body." And a sharp crack rang through the air, and I felt a sharp pain on my back. Half hissing, I shouted out in pain, "Ahhh!! What the fuck!"
I turned around and saw the male model holding a whip smiling at me, "Come on, chase up to her."
I looked at the other contestants behind me and they were having it worse, they were continuously whipped for falling behind.
"Oh my god, how am I going to survive this. Can I give up? This is more like sexfit than crossfit."
I managed to overtake the muscle girl and it was now her turn to be whipped. I think they just wanted to whip us cause I still got the occasional whip even though I was far ahead.
For the first time, I saw her facial expression change. She was in torment and gasping for air. Her body was covered in sweat and her muscles had grown twice their size since she started. Her body was also covered with fresh welts from the constant whipping.
I lost count of the number of orgasms I had, the number of whipping I have suffered or how far I ran. We finally came to a slope. It was quite steep. Crowds of people lined the short path leading to the slope. I took a deep breath and pulled the cart up the slope but it didn't move. A few more whips came down behind my back.
I found I was sobbing, from the assault by the machine on my sex and the whipping behind my back. I can't think or concentrate. My entire bikini was soaking wet from my sweat. I mustered all my strength and when my muscles bulged the bikini string bit into them, "Ouch!" I cried out in pain.
"Fuck this stupid thing!" I reached behind my back and untied my bikini and flung it away. I was completely naked, sweat pouring from my body and whip marks behind my back and buttocks. I took another deep breath and pulled with all strength. My muscles expanded to twice their normal size and the cart began to move. The crowd cheered me on. I was crying from the pain, the orgasm and the exertion. Step by step, the cart came nearer to the top of the slope.
I was way ahead...crack, "What the fuck you do that for?" I slipped a few steps back as pain tore through my body. I didn't even have the strength to look back or shout, I was just solely focused on pulling the cart, and also cumming and squirting.
I finally made it to the top. The muscular chick also made it to the top. Unlike me, she had a determined warrior face but every part of her body was showing signs that she was at her limit.
I stood there trembling with liquid continuing to stream down my legs. The vibrator was switched off and I was helped out of the contraception.
At the corner of my eyes I saw the muscle girl's male model promptly removing her contraception and her male model started pumping her. She just took up positions she was led into. She was slumped on the floor, not showing any sign. I felt myself strangely attracted to her.
Turning to the umpire, "Can I help her? I will take on her male model too..."
The umpire spoke to the girl's male model and he came over. The girl didn't move, she just lay there trembling.
"Hey girl, you rest and we race together once I take care of these two guys." I managed a weak smile as I looked over at her.
The two guys just pumped me in many more positions and in so many holes. At one stage, I was far into subspace. Even the aching on my pussy has somehow stopped. I was just trembling and cumming.
"These are special sex forces? Do they ever tire or cum?"
I was so deep in subspace. My body was covered in sweat, saliva and precum. I didn't know which was worse, putting on the contraception and pulling that cart or being fucked by two special sex forces.
Somehow I managed to tense my vagina muscle while I was doing a reverse cowgirl on one of the guys. I shook and trembled but I refused to let go. And it all paid off, my first victim cummed to the pressure from my vagina muscle.
I did an evil smile at the second guy and mounted him. Now I was on the offense. I didn't just lay there waiting to be pumped. I pushed him down and went on top of him. My vagina muscle firmly wrapped around his cock and I could see him frowning. I again smiled and began to pump the life out of him. I cummed and squirted many times and my pussy was beyond sore but I didn't care.
"Oh..... Ffffuuuucccckkkk!" my second victim's long death howl.
The guys stumbled back to their resting place on the cart waiting for us to pull them back.
The muscle girl began to rouse from her rest. She stumbled to put on her contraception and as soon as the phalluses entered her, she trembled. This must be her limit. Her face was no longer the confident determined warrior but a nymph that has been pushed beyond her orgasmic limit.
"Hey, don't give up! Let's do this together."
She didn't answer but beamed me a weak smile.
I was in no better shape. As we pulled the cart down, the whipping became more merciless. Both of us stopped many times, squirting and trembling on the spot for a long while. Tears were in my eyes and I couldn't see well. The whip managed to reach my breasts and abs and my body was full of fresh red welts.
Finally I could see the finishing line. I turned to look at the muscle girl and found her standing on the road trembling and staring into space. She has hit her limit. First time I saw tears streaming down her face. That muscular body with that demure tormented face was such a contrasting sight to behold, it drove me to an orgasm so strong, I almost blackout.
"Poor girl. I think she is too deep in subspace to continue."
One more step and it would be the finishing line. But no matter how hard I tried, the cart just wouldn't move. It was my physical limit. I was sobbing loudly and more whip cracked on me forcing me to pull it to the finish line.
I cried out loud, sobbing like a little girl, "Stop it. I can't. I can't continue. Ouch!"
And out of nowhere I heard a voice, "Go Ruth! You can do it!"
Frederick was at the finishing line beckoning me. I pulled with all my might; the muscles dancing beneath my skin.
"Ah...fuck! Come on!" I shouted as I pulled.
It crossed the finish line. I just stood there sobbing and trembling uncontrollably. The machine came to a stop and the male model jumped down to carry me out of my torture device. As he put me on the ground, I collapsed only to be caught by Frederick's strong arms.
He picked me up and carried me to rest away from the cheering crowd. From the corner of my eyes I saw the muscular girl being carried away by her male model.
"Hey muscle freak, you won. It is all over," I could make out from my dazed state Candice was crying.
"Your rabbit ears are still intact," she reached out to touch one of the rabbit ears.
Frederick brushed my hair aside and caressed my face. I just sat there staring into empty space. I was still in deep subspace and it would be a while before I recovered.