It was a cold, wet and generally miserable Friday night, when I leant across the sofa and kissed my wife deeply, my hand trailing through her cropped hair. Breaking the kiss, I left my hand on the back of her head and whispered in her ear, "why don´t we play a game?".
"A game?" she replied.
"Yeah, let's warm the evening up a little bit" I said, "we could have a game of truth or dare poker".
"Hmm, ok that could be fun" my wife smiled as she stood and went to get changed.
This was a typical routine which happened every time we played poker, I am a solid player and usually have my wife in her birthday within about 10 minutes, so she has learnt to put on some extra layers to give herself a chance, I don´t mind as this results in a pair of stockings and a garter belt, which she considers to be two items of clothing.
I headed tot the kitchen and grabbed a bottle of wine and a couple of glasses, turned the lights down low to create some ambience and prepared the cards.
Returning around 10 minutes later, my wife looked stunning, she had indeed changed but to my delight she was wearing a simple lace nightie that hugged her curves and gave minimal support to her breasts, her nipples poking through the fabric. She had on her stockings, but they were hold up and a crotchless thong which I had bought her for the previous St Valentines day.
"WOW!" I commented as she entered, my dick stirring in my pyjama bottoms. "You look stunning".
"Thank you" she said, pushing her chest out.
I am sure she was trying to distract me from the game, but I was determined to get her accepting some dares.
"OK, let´s set some ground rules" I said.
"Number 1 -- you are only allowed to refuse a truth or dare three times. Number 2 -- You must refuse the dare or truth within 5 seconds of the announcement. Number 3 -- Each hand will result in a truth or dare proposed by the winner. Do you agree?" I asked.
"Yes, I agree, but want to add one more stipulation to the rules" my wife said.
"Anything goes, there are no limits to what the question or dare can be, and no dare or truth can be repeated. Are you in agreement with my terms?" she asked.
"Yes, let´s get going" I said.
I dealt the cards, hardly able to keep my eyes of my wife´s tits, they were barely covered by the lace and the outline of her nipples were visible through the thin material.
Turning over the cards, I was certain to win the first hand. A pair of queens. Excellent I thought to myself, already beginning to think of both a question or a dare.
The hands were going to be quick as we weren´t betting during each hand, the flop presented a third queen, a king and a 2, things were looking good for my hand, the turn showed up another king, still confident that my 3 queens would be sufficient I turned the river card and the fourth queen appeared. My hand!!
"Truth or dare?" I asked my wife, who was slightly annoyed that she had lost the hand.
"Truth" she sighed.
"Hmm, ok" I said pensively.
How far do I go on the first question? Do I surprise her and try to get the evening going quickly, or shall I ease into it?
"Are you going to refuse any of the dares tonight?" I asked.
My wife thought for a moment, her hands resting on her thighs, just above her stockings. "No, I will not refuse any dare, that wouldn´t be as much fun. So, I want to remove the option of refusal" she said as she drew her hands up her thighs and across her stomach.
She dealt the second hand, and I knew she had good cards, she has a tell, not that I have admitted to knowing it.
I took a look at my cards and was happy, a 10 and jack suited.
The flop presented a queen and a king, and although not suited gave me a good chance of a straight. The turn came up with a 3, no help to me, my wife smiled, and I knew she thought she was winning, and perhaps she was. The river was a 9, a straight for me and the hand.
"OK what do you want truth or dare?"
"Truth again" she said.
"OK, when was the last time you masturbated?" I asked a coy smile coming to my face.
"What, no. I am not telling you that" she said.
"But you took the refusals out of the game, not me. So, answer" I said gleefully.
"Ugh, fine. 3 months ago, when I was in the bath." She admitted as she turned slightly flushed.
She won the next hand with an ace high card, and offered me a truth or dare, I chose the dare, to see what kind of mood she was in.
"I want you to remove your clothes and go and stand by the window. Stroke yourself until you are hard, but you must not cum" she said sternly, thinking she had the better of me.
Walking to the window I removed my pyjamas, standing proudly in front of the window I reached down and began to bring myself to hardness. As soon as I had I returned to the sofa, my cock standing straight up. My wife looked and smiled to herself.
The next hand was won with a pair of 10s and it was my turn to get my wife to display herself. I wanted to push her boundaries.
"Right, your turn. Remove your nightie, go to the front door, turn on the entrance light and play with your self for 2 minutes" I said.
To my surprise she never argued and headed for the front door, opening it without delay as she began to touch herself. With just her heels and stockings her silhouette in the doorway was erotic, and my cock returned to full hardness, I restrained from stroking myself, anticipating a far more interesting option if I held off and won a few more hands.
After two minutes, my now flustered wife turned around, headed back to the sofa, her efforts had obviously made her horny as she was flushed and slightly out of breath.
The next hand was a close affair, the flop, the turn and the river set up a straight right there on the table, it was my hand as I held the high card.
"I dare you to record yourself playing with your arsehole and send the video to me" I said, with a hint of trepidation as my wife was not into anal play, but before I could reconsider what I had dared, she had her phone in her hand, her legs spread wide open and her fingers dancing over her puckered hole.
I was clearly enjoying the show ass my cock twitched and pre-cum started to appear at its tip. My wife was enjoying the sensation to, as her pussy was getting wetter, and her clit was beginning to become engorged.
When my wife had finished her dare, she sent the video to my phone as requested and dealt the next hand, which she won with a full house of aces and fours.
"I dare you to dry hump the cushion, imagine that you are fucking my arse, but do not cum, you must bring yourself right the edge, but not a drop must leave your penis" she said her hand moving between her legs.
For about 5 minutes I dry fucked the cushion, my cock harder than it had been for ages, this was incredible, my wife had lost all her inhibitions and was enjoying herself. She placed herself in front of me, her arse a few inches from my face, making the imagination part of the dare much easier to imagine. As she had instructed, I stopped just before I was ready to blow my load. I was desperate to win the next dare.
I won the hand, again with a full house, for a few minutes I considered what my dare should be.
"Well have you decided what I am to do" my wife asked her cheeks red and a look of desire in her eyes.
"Yes, I dare you to slide your vibrator into your arse, turn it on for two minutes whilst I suck on your clit. Much as you did with me, you are not allowed to orgasm".
My wife headed up the stairs to the bedroom, her arse swinging from side to side, her legs still clad in sheer black stockings. My cock was straining, in need of release, but I was enjoying the sexual tension.
After a few minutes my wife returned, spun around spread her arse cheeks wide to display her vibrator, gently buzzing away in her arse. I instructed her to sit on the sofa and knelt down in front if her, leaning forward towards her heat, another drop of pre-cum glistened on the tip of my shaft. My mouth engulfed her clit, sucking it into my mouth as my tongue danced around it.
She began to moan, her hips bucking and her hands pressing my face into her, she was nearing climax, but she was not allowed, I slid a finger into her pussy and began to stroke her G-spot, her breathing shallowed and her heart was beating faster. She was groaning in pleasure, before I stopped, releasing my vacuum like grip on her clit.
"No, please, don't stop, I am sooooo close, baby make me cum!" she begged.
I dealt the next hand hoping that I would win, I wanted to extend the desperation of my wife a little longer.
My hand was unbeatable a Royal Flush and I decided quickly on the dare.
"Turn the vibrator back on. Kneel in front of me and take my entire length down your throat".
Doing as she had been told, my wife nervously took my cock in her hand and began to kiss the tip of my cock, tonguing the pre-cum off. With each stroke of my cock, she swallowed some more of my cock, she had never taken my entire length before, but she was slowly edging me into her warm and luscious mouth.
After about two minutes, my cock touched the back of her throat, she started to gag and I pulled out, her saliva covering my shaft.
We quickly played the next round, my wife's vibrator still buzzing away in her arse. My wife won and she dared me to fuck her arse, without cumming for at least 3 minutes.
I couldn´t believe and gently removed the vibrator from her arse and replacing it with my cock, still slick from her saliva. I slowly pushed in until my clean-shaven balls pressed against her pussy. She gasped, this was the first time I had been inside her arse and it is a sensation that I hoped I would experience again.
I pulled out, all the way to the head of my penis before sliding back to balls deep, each thrust was greeted with a moan of pleasure from my wife. I had to take it slowly otherwise I would never last, in the first two minutes I only thrusted 5 or six times, each time as deep as possible.
In the final minute I picked up the pace, banging myself into her arse cheeks, I cheekily spanked her arse, leaving a hand mark on her left cheek. I struck her right cheek leaving a similar mark as I pulled out, the veins of my cock clearly visible on my hard shaft which had just had the pleasure of penetrating my wife´s arse hole.
To my surprise my wife turned and began wank my cock, her mouth open waiting for my cum, but I was not going to blow my load yet. I wanted to taste her, pleasure her and have her squirt which would be another first for the night.
I picked her up and carried her to the conservatory, laying her on the sun lounger, kissing her passionately, grasping her breasts in my free hand, turning and twisting the nipple, which was hard and standing proud on her breast. I kissed down body, sucking in a nipple, before spreading her legs and kissing her thighs. Her hand found my head and pushed me towards her sopping wet pussy.
My finger found her G-spot once more, my tongue running around her swollen lips, devouring her taste. I could feel her orgasm building, my determination to make her squirt all over me was also increasing. I inserted a second and third finger, stroking her G-Spot whilst taking her clit back into my mouth and swirling my tongue around. Her hips raised off the lounger, her back arched as she began to fondle her breasts, with her spare hand.
"Ohhhhh" she moaned. "I am going to cum".
I sped up my movements, hoping to bring her to an even more powerful ending.
"MMMMM", "arghhhhhh" she screamed, the neighbours if they weren´t already aware of what was going on were certainly going to be notified of what we were doing in the conservatory.
Her eyes rolled back in her head as she squirted repeatedly, covering me and the floor in her sweet juices. Her body shook uncontrollably, her muscles tensing around my fingers, her torso straining against the force of the orgasm.
It lasted for a few minutes, my fingers never stopped teasing her G-Spot, trying to prolong the orgasm for as long as possible.
As soon as she had recovered, I turned her over and told her "I am going to fill your arse with my cum".
I slid into her anal passage with ease, my cock and her anus covered in her juices. I pushed balls deep, and held myself there for a few moments before pulling back out and slamming back into her.
My rhythm was much quicker than before, I had to cum and wanted to finish inside her.
"Harder, fuck my arse harder" she screamed.
I had noticed that Brian, one of the neighbours had taken an interest in our exploits, he was stood at his bedroom window, cock in hand wanking slowly to the action. His wife, Amy a good-looking lady, with ample breasts appeared and stood aghast before she dropped to her knees and took Brian into her mouth.
I continued to pound my wife´s arse, my balls slapping against her pussy, she was squeezing my cock with her anal passage, making each thrust more sensual, my cock was ready to explode.
"Faster, faster" she said as I could feel her slide the vibrator into her pussy, she was insatiable, I had never her seen her like this before.
"Are you sure?" I asked.
"Yes, harder, faster let us give the neighbours a proper show" she said breathlessly.
I pumped as hard as I could, I couldn´t hold on any longer.
"I am cumming" I screamed as I pumped pulse after pulse of cum into her arsehole, the first spurt was greeted with another squirting orgasm from my wife, who was now looking up at the neighbours. She was enjoying the exhibitionist part of the
night.
As my cock softened, I pulled out, a globule of my cum dripped from my wife´s arse, pooling on the floor underneath her.
I took my wife in my arms, as we cuddled on the sun lounger, falling asleep before waking in the morning, still naked and covered in each other's fluids.
We kissed and looked up at the window, where Amy was standing wearing a pair of lace panties and an open lace gown, which was opened exposing her breasts.
She winked and gave us a thumbs up.
"Perhaps we should invite them over next weekend" my wife said as she leant into kiss me before heading up for a shower.