James had a hell of a day and it was barely lunch time. One of his employees quit and another one was injured and on his way to the ER when James took lunch. If Gerry gets a wild hair, he could sue the company and they just settled with Kevin two months ago. James throws his hat in the passenger seat and parks his car across the street from the cemetery. He saw her white sedan. She was already here.
She was a college student and that's really all he knows about her. They met on one of those sites about a month ago and have had the arrangement ever since. He still doesn't know her name. The girl is how he has her in his phone. Luckily, his wife doesn't know about this one. Not that he didn't love his wife, but they were in their fifties and sex wasn't as exciting anymore. The girl, however, was a mystery still and therefore very exciting.
She sat on an old quilt with her tan legs crossed in front of her and the skirt of her black and white polka dotted dress draped across her knees. She spotted James and smiled. Her legs opened a bit revealing that she had worn the red silk panties he had left for her last week.
James smiled back. He wanted her, sure, but that wasn't the arrangement. He got out of his car and sat on a bench by a nearby gravestone.
The girl looked to her sides to make sure they were clear and started to strip off her dress. She does so painstakingly slowly. She reveals all she wore underneath was the red panties. It was a little jarring with the Doc Martens but sexy as hell. Her nipples looked pink and taut as she squeezed her tiny breasts and rubbed her nipples. James spied the little heart tattoo on her hip and wanted to see what was underneath.
He motioned for her to spin so he could see the back and she did happily. She wiggled her butt a bit and made James laugh.
When she turned around she laid back down and started to rub the panties. She motioned for James to come closer. He repeated to himself the deal, "No touching. No talking." He sat in front of her hard as a rock. She slipped some fingers in her panties just so James could hear the wetness. Her head fell back as she moaned just for him.
James wanted to grab her and make her his. He wanted to get his cock out of his pants and bury it deep into her. At night when he lifts his wife's nightgown that's all he fantasies about. But no, that wasn't the arrangement either.
She started to rub harder and faster and James just watched and longed to touch. Her breathing was starting to stagger that turned into actual moans of pleasure. James bit his lip and his pants grew tighter. He moans himself. Not with pleasure, but desperation. Here he was middled aged watching some girl fiddle herself in the cemetery. Her game, her rules. This couldn't last, but he was going to enjoy it while it did. Her back arched as she came. She was some kind of sexy. He sat on his hands to keep them from his cock. The first time he didn't obey her demands, she walked to her car stark naked leaving him hard and frustrated. But now, the girl lifted up and piled her dark hair on top of her head. Her hands worked masterfully undoing his belt and releasing his cock.
Then the girl pulled her panties to the side and slid her thin body on top of James. She was so tight. He didn't know if he could last. She bounced up and down like a champ. He looked at her desperately. The girl whispered, "Not yet."
She came on him clamping down hard making him think about the weather. Or baseball? Never mind, she's coming again. Her breasts are bouncing and the sun is hitting her hair just right. She looks like a goddess bouncing on his dick. Then the Earth shattered. She grabbed his face and kissed him sending him over the edge. They both straightened up. Except, she gave him the soiled panties back and he handed her a new pair from his jacket. Blue this time.
She spoke, "Next week?"
James just managed to nod. He got in his truck and left the girl there.