I first published this experience a few years ago. I prefer to call them 'experiences' since the term 'story' implies fiction to me. My experiences are based upon my real life. Since I started posting my experiences my writing skills have improved a little. While, I cannot change what actually happened to me, I have added some more detail and corrected some grammatical mistakes.
-------------------------------------------------------
I went to our complex's hot tub last night. I like to go there later in the evening when, it's quiet and any families have left. I am a crossdresser and I love to take every opportunity I can to show that I am wearing girls panties. I find it exciting, even if no one is there to see me. Yesterday, I wore a yellow string bikini bottom. I could have claimed that it was just regular men's Speedos; except for the fact that men don't wear yellow Speedos with string ties.
To walk down to the pool area, I wear a pair of worn-out white shorts. The chlorine has worn away at them and when they get wet, they became nearly transparent. However, just in case I meet anyone I know, when dry, they hide what I have on underneath. I always get an erection knowing what I have on and anticipating what might happen when my shorts get wet. Maybe nothing will happen but the anticipation is always there and that it will be fun.
Recently, I had been caught in the hot tub a couple of times. For me, being caught is part of the excitement of being a crossdresser. I try to make 'being caught' seem accidental or that I don't even know I'm letting something show.
The first time I was caught in the hot tub, I was just relaxing when a young couple came into the pool area. I was wearing red panties under my shorts. I had my shorts on but the bright red panties clearly showed through the wet material.
The couple caught me totally by surprise. I hoped to stay in the water until they left but the timer ran out and I had to restart it. They could clearly see what I had on under my shorts. She made me take my shorts off and then asked me why I was wearing girls panties. I ended-up having to give her boyfriend a blow job right in front of her.
The second time, I had on blue poker-dot panties under my shorts. I was just relaxing when a young woman came into the pool area. I had seen her at the pool before. I was sure that my panties clearly showed and that they were unmistakably girls. She got into the water and sat next to me. She was wearing a string bikini. I have a thing for string bikinis. I find it so erotic to imagine what would happen if I pulled those strings. We exchanged that 'I know what you are thinking' kind of look.
The hot tub has to be restarted every 15 minutes and so when it went off, I volunteered to restart it. It was dark outside but the bright lights of the tub showed me in perfect detail as I climbed out. She must have clearly seen my blue panties through my wet shorts. I loved knowing that she was seeing my panties. I hoped that she would think it was an accident and not that I had staged it deliberately.
When I got back in, the light was on my front and she cannot have missed the bulge in my shorts. My cock made my polka-dots really show. We accidentally touch feet a few times. Neither of us pulled away, just let our feet drift together and apart in the hot tub currents.
Yesterday, I was going to go further. My heart was pounding as I actually took off my shorts and put them on the side. I got in the water and waited. I was so excited and scared at the same time. Sitting there in just a yellow string bikini bottom made my cock hard. If anyone I knew had come in, I could have grabbed my shorts. As it was, the couple I had met before came in.
She was wearing a yellow string bikini just like mine. It was not a coincidence; I had bought mine after seeing hers a few days before. I almost chickened out but I left it too late. They got into the water, looked at me and smiled. We started chatting as if everything was normal. At least, I was covered by the bubbles but the problem was that the hot tub timer goes off after 15 minutes and it had already been on for a while.
Eventually, the timer went off and I was left sitting in the still water, with underwater spot lights on me, sitting in front of them in a matching yellow string bikini bottom. I tried to cover myself but they just giggled at my embarrassment. I said that I would turn it on again but she said, "They have a sauna here too, don't they?" and asked if I would show them how it worked. We all got out and I was finally able to cover my erection with my towel. They must have seen it as I got out. A skimpy bikini bottom does not cover much of anything.
We went to the sauna and I started it warming-up. As it got hot, we sat and chatted. I still had my towel rapped around me but they just sat on theirs. After a while, she said, "Why don't you lay out your towel, you'll be a lot more comfortable and we know what you have on underneath. Well, what the heck, so I did. They looked at my bikini bottom, smirked at each other and seemed to agree on something.
Then she made me blush by asking outright if I ever wore the bikini top too. I stammered and said, "Yes, sometimes."
She reached behind her back and pulled the strings of her top. She took it off and tossed it across to me, saying, "Let's see you put it on!"
I slipped it around my neck and tied the strings behind my back. I felt her sweat against my chest. One good thing with string bikinis is that one size really does fit most. The strings were long enough to give me a couple more inches over her 36-inch chest.
I loved sitting there wearing both parts of a bikini. I always love the feel of a bra around my chest. It's a constant reminder that I'm dressed as a girl. I watched the sweat forming on her breasts and little droplets falling from her nipples. She sat there enjoying me looking at her breasts.
She just sat there with her pert little breast in full view. I could see her nipples hardening. I think she enjoyed showing off as much as I did. I love little breasts like hers. I imagined feeling them. My cock was pushing my bikini bottom up making an unmistakable tent in them. She moved her legs just a little apart so that I could see the shape of her pussy through her bikini bottom.
I deliberately dropped my eyes to stare at her pussy and she knew it.
Then she said that if I wanted to dress like a girl I had to behave like a girl; just like the last time we had met. She told me to come and sit next to her boyfriend. She took my hand and placed it right on the front of his shorts. I was so excited and embarrassed. I was touching his cock again. I could feel it through the thin wet material; a dream come true for me. I moved my hand over it and felt it stiffen and stand-up. She told me to kneel down in front of him. First, I had to slide my hands up under his shorts until I touched his balls. Stroking his balls made his cock give a wonderful jerk upwards.
Then, I lowered his shorts and actually kissed his cock, skin to skin. My heart was racing like mad. She told me to give him a blow job; just like I had done before. She watched everything I did. I started by just rubbing my lips over the head and licking around the foreskin. I stroked it and then took it in my hand to masturbating. I looked from her to him licking my lips. I lowered my head and slowly slipped his cock head right into my mouth. I could already taste his pre-cum.
I took him as deep as I could. With one hand, I played with his balls. I looked straight into her eyes while I sucked him. I loved knowing that she could see me with her boyfriend's cock in my mouth. When he started to tense, I backed off a little. I wanted to make this last for as long as possible for the pleasure of us both. Eventually, he could not hold back any longer and he filled my mouth with hot cum.
I rolled his cum around in my mouth before swallowing it. I loved tasting it in my mouth. It seems to stick to the back of my throat for a long time afterwards.
To my surprise, she leaned over and gave me a deep French kiss. She could taste her boyfriend's cum on my tongue. We played deep tongues for a bit; sharing the taste of his cum.
Then she took my hand and put it on her pussy. She leaned back and let me rub her through her bikini bottom; slowly outlining her slit with a fingertip. I slid my hand over to her bikini string and slowly pulled it until the knots came undone. Her bottom part fell away letting me see her pussy.
I slid a finger into her; she was already wet. I moved it around for a bit and then took it out and licked it while smiling at her; looking straight into her eyes as I tasted her pussy juice on my finger. I felt her breast and gently pinched her nipples. I loved feeling her pert little tits. She smiled at me as her nipples became even harder. I cupped her firm young breast in my hand. I loved playing with them while her boyfriend just sat back to watch. Her pert young breasts were just what I love.
I slid my finger back inside her, I found her clit. At first, I just touched it, making her squirm; just a fingertip; barely stroking it, until she moaned and pushed forward against my hand. To respond, I rubbed it in earnest and she jumped and moaned. She pushed down hard against my hand as I rubbed her pussy harder and faster.
I could feel her climax building. When she came, she opened her mouth and put her head back. I felt her orgasm against my hand.
She told me to sit back on the bench. Since, I had been such a good girl, I could have a reward. I could take out my cock and play with myself. With trembling hands, I pulled my bikini bottom to the side and took hold of my cock. My hand was sticky from her pussy as I gripped my cock. I masturbated right in front of them. I came into my towel. I was so embarrassed and humiliated but I loved it.
I hope we meet again soon.