The Accidental Voyeur - Chapter 1
All characters are over 18
Physics used to be my favourite subject in school, when I started labs at university I thought it would be more of the same but apparently too much interesting mental stimulation isn't good for a budding scientist. Most of our so-called labs were just exercises in computer script, digital modelling mostly. The only thing that kept me going consistently was, well if we're being cynical those attendance marks had something to do with it but mostly it was knowing I could spend a couple hours laughing with Daniel, my lab partner. I feared today wouldn't be the same, with assignment season upon us each week he's gotten progressively more stressed. I wouldn't have pictured him as a stress-head but there you go, wait till he hears about the group assignment in physics - my friend took the class last year and she told me that, as usual, the group assignment was killer. As much as Daniel and I got on I feel as though he didn't seek me out as a lab partner because he has faith in my intellectual abilities (although in a stem stream that assumption from some of the other students was par for the course).
My appearance today probably wouldn't inspire confidence if it was already lacking; coming straight from girls' night out meant I was dehydrated and under slept coming in with last night's makeup and... well fuck, I'm just now realising no bra. I looked down at my nipples showing through the stretchy fabric but, aside from that not too visible. I kept walking, maybe they were swinging a bit more as I walked? I do tend to strap them down, I made the mistake of going braless in first year and let's just say the nipple got a little too free for the classroom setting... And it's hard finding anything but sports bras that actually hold tits my size.Ah well, c'est la vie,I pictured my tutor's response...people can just deal.Time for them to learn being a slut doesn't preclude you from being a nerd.
Although who was I to say, maybe Daniel would like a few late-night study sessions? He did start inviting me out for coffees a lot after class and he'd always seem a bit bummed if someone else wanted to join. The thought hit a bit suddenly,does he have a crush on me?
"Rey!" Daniel's voice rang out as I walked in the lab rooms, he wasn't sitting in our usual spot. I plopped down on the seat next to him, "What's with the new seats?"
"Well hello to you too grumpy, exam season got you down?"
"Well apparently it's not affecting you, you're looking a lot happier than last week"
"Ah yeah," Daniel says turning to log in to his computer, "Well when the group assignment is done, so am I...
"I thought you hated group assignments -
"--Butttt, in answer to your earlier question, I was getting a bit sick of sitting right under the tutor's nose, not everyone is a nerd,
"I didn'tmakeyou sit next to me in week 1, I thought I'd met a kindred nerd,
"Well judging by today's outfit..." I could see his eyes giving me a once over, "a bit of distance couldn't hurt" I raise my eyebrows at him in surprise, waiting for him to stop ogling me so he can be appropriately chastised, even though I'm not sure I want to chastise him. He meets my gaze and immediately drops it, seeing that I've seen him, not that he was being subtle.Ok well yeah there are definitely vibes...
The tutor starts his opening spiel and I wait to ponder the chemistry between us until later. Trying my best to tune into the instructions.
...
40 minutes later and the tutor starts outlining the group assignment, like we haven't seen it online already. She starts telling us to find our lab partner and begin to discuss it. I turned towards Daniel, he pulled up the assignment rubric and motioned me to have a look, I thought about scooting over in the wheelie chair but for some reason I stood behind him. I leaned against Daniel's shoulder, leaning in so my hair draped across his eyeline, cutting his view down. He turned to react to my closeness, I was hoping he'd move closer and I'd get to feel his breathing against me but he turned. Before he realised that I was leaning over with my tits at eye sight. I watched from above him, almost like it was in slow motion - his eyes veering from the scoop of my neckline down across my cleavage. His mouth opened slightly when he saw my nipples pressed through my clingy shirt fabric. My breathing must have changed slightly because his gaze was suddenly drawn upwards, reminded my face was inches from where this was taking place. His eyes met mine while his mouth was still open, I felt my mouth curling into a little smile before I could stop it. He snapped his eyes forward; mumbling something about dividing each topic in half. His face was hot, physically hot, I could feel it warm against my exposed chest. I feel a thrill pool deep inside of me, like something is untethering, bringing with it warmth that seeps through my body.
It had been seconds worth of interaction but so many thoughts crossed through my mind. I felt excited at him looking at me, moreso than I bargained for. The look in his eyes was almost hungry. And I wanted to satiate him. How did he make me want to do that? How did he make me feel all that just with his eyes?
I take a seat in the dingy computer chairs, almost losing my balance; he reaches out to steady me and again I feel a warm tingle seeping through my body from where his hand is holding me. He withdrew his hand too quickly and I inhaled at the shock of its absence, the feeling preoccupying my mind so much that it takes me a while to adjust to the withdrawal. My body screams for me to lean into him, to provoke contact again but I feel uncertain. I'm unsure if I'm still wobbling or if my brain is tricking me. Before I have time to figure it out I hear the string of words he's rattling off that my brain hasn't been processing.
"So Friday?" I hear myself say, I'm surprised by my own drab tone, its like my body is on autopilot while my brain tries to figure out this unexpected swell of feeling. I've already swung my backpack over my shoulder, the unexpected weight forcing me upright and for once I don't mind that it presses my chest forward. I lean into it a bit and enjoy the fabric brushing against my nipples. At this point they are stiff enough to cut glass and I see him looking at me again. This time his face is less guarded, he doesn't turn away or flick his gaze ahead. His eyes roam over me impatiently like hes trying to memorise my curves. Is he imagining what I'd feel like? I feel a delicious pulse emanating from me while he watches. I turn and feel his eyes on me. Intuitively I know his eyes are boring a hole into my arse as I walk away and I enjoy the feeling more than I thought possible.
As I get home I file into my room quickly, not wanting my roommate and her loved up horny couple vibe to get all over my confused feelings before I have a chance to think them through. I can hear them from next door giggling at each other. Its sweet. And I haven't seen a guy affect Lilah like this before. She's giddy and sweet and embarrassed like she's dating for the first time, even though she could Dom a guy without lifting a finger or raising a sweat. Goes to show what the right chemistry does to someone.
I grab my headphones from my desk and start doing some research before Friday, no use being out of sorts and unprepared.
...
A couple hours later I've made about two pages of dot points that I think make an ok start to the presentation. My back and neck are aching from sitting hunched over my laptop. I start kneading the knot in my spine, it feels nice and warms my skin. I start massaging my neck, slipping the bulky headset off my ears. The noises of the apartment come back to me all at once, like a plane cabin depressurising.
Lilah's voice was husky, that's what caught my attention.
"What if Rey comes home?!"
"It'd be so fun to watch it on the big tv though" Tom pleaded,
he sounded desperate. Oh god, they thought they had the place to themselves. Maybe I should've called out to them when I got home. The walls were thin enough between the bedrooms but all that separated them from me was the door with a gap at the bottom. What did he want to watch? Some more laughing and the tv flicks on.
Compressed noise comes on in the background and almost immediately I hear moaning. They're watching porn in the living room! Then I hear Lilah, but not her real voice, she's speaking in time with the compressed moans. They're watching homemade porn together!
Lilah continued moaning in the video like she was being teased. Tom was encouraging her, he was asking her how she liked his fingers in her pussy, she couldn't answer she was just groaning in response. I couldn't help but listen, convincing myself I was just curious. Tom was clearly aroused by the tone of his voice, but staying aloof.
"What a wet girl mmm I bet you'd like my fingers inside you, do you like knowing we're filming you?"
I guess I get where their chemistry comes from... I couldn't help but get turned on by his coy voice and hearing her experiencing so much pleasure. I could hear how wet she was when he ran his fingers through her pussy. He was cooing at her, telling her to sit back and enjoy it and then she could enjoy watching herself later.
I start hearing furniture scrapping against the wood floor and then Tom's voice comes through more clearly.
"Isn't it nice getting to see it up on the main tv?"
Lilah starts to answer but cuts herself off moaning, Tom must be touching her more intensely now.Has he taken her clothes off? Are they naked on the couch? Is he touching her above her panties?
She was getting louder and louder, even as it was clear she was trying to hold back her beautiful groaning under Tom's ministrations. She sounded so completely undone and so willing at the same time. It was hard to feel anything but willing myself, my body was burning but so, so wet at the same time. I wanted to feel just how wet but I didn't want to cross a line.Is that a violation?But another, smaller voice inside me knewYou're just embarrassed becauseyouwant to fuck Lilah.It wasn't asked as a question, it just was -
"Isn't it hot thinking that at any moment we could hear keys in the door and Rey could walk in and see us"
Lilah whimpered and I held my breath, grinding against a growing wet spot in my underwear. Did she wish I would walk in? I leaned closer towards the door, moving to the edge of my seat.
"Would you like that?" Tom taunted "If Rey saw you this exposed and horny?" his tone was playful as though he didn't need to know her answer but Ineededto hear the answer. I wanted to beg to hear her answer but instead I bit my lip and ground my lap into the chair until I found a delicious friction with the edge.
"I know you'd like that," I hear Tom's voice ring out "Yesterday you fucked me after you heard her watching porn".
My face is hot with embarrassment at the idea that I was overheard, but then I feel the flush reach down to my neck and lower and lower. I reach up with my cold hand and press it against my chest to cool it. I keep running it lower and lower trying to find where my flushed skin ends. I'm warm all over and my fingers are quickly heating up.
"I bet you'd like to see her pretty face when she cums" Tom teases
But the sound Lilah makes is so guttural and primal, it changes things. Now there is an urgency to reach into my dripping panties and cup my mons. I let out a little pant as I realise how soaked my pussy is.She wants to make me cum.
Lilah keeps moaning rhythmically now and I touch myself in time with them, each desperate syllable sending thrills to my clitoris. I wish I could use my vibrator, but if I can hearthemthis clearly... instead I make little circles around my clit with my pussy drenched fingers and try not to make any noise. I dispose of my underwear and shorts and sit with my back against the door and ear pressed towards the crack. I feel exposed, which turns me on even more than I already am.
My knees are up and open so I can touch myself properly, my other hand reaches down my shirt to roll my nipple between my fingers. They feel so good the feeling emanates and I am reminded of earlier today when I brushed my nipples so close to Daniel's face. I wonder if he would suck on them now and help me get off or think I was wrong. The way he looked at me earlier made me hope he would help,maybe by pressing my clit against his tongue until I came on his face?The thought makes me gush and I whimper and press my fingers further in to tease my entrance. Lilah starts periodically making little high-pitched screams and I imagine standing over her, fingering her wet little pussy and encouraging her to cum around my fingers. The thought makes me clench around my own fingers, that I let explore my entrance and labia freely now. I push deeper into my pussy as I hear Lilah getting more desperate. Tom encourages her and I imagine him watching us give each other mind bending orgasms in rapid succession. I feel the warmth and pressure envelope me and imagine Daniel's face as I pushed my pussy onto his hard cock. The combination of the two fantasies make me press down onto my digits as they instinctively work their way to my g-spot. I feel myself getting wetter around my fingers as they find the delicious spot I grind against now. At some point, Tom must have switched the video off. I feel myself getting nearer to the edge as Lilah calls out and Tom whispers dirty things to her:
"I want you to cum for me Lilah"So do I.
"you look so delicious right now, I'm going to lick up your cum baby"Oh god I wish I could see.
Lilah's voice is in my ear and its bringing me so close to losing control, but I know I need to wait and hear her orgasm, have it ringing in my ears before I can let myself cum. She wriggles and writhes in Tom's hands, I hear her movements against the couch so clearly. I even hear the couch scrape over the floor when Tom momentarily massages Lilah's g-spot and she jerks her body in reaction before she can stop herself. Her little outbursts are becoming more sustained and her voice needy as she lets out a low moan. Briefly cutting out to declare that she's going to cum. At first she screams, repeating the words I'm cumming, I'm cumming until they sound like a meaningless chant. I'm moving my fingers faster and faster against my g-spot until I feel the wetness accumulate and the feeling build. I know I'm close too and I want to cum with her. Then I hear her say my name. That brings me over the edge, I frantically try to make the most of my tingling pussy, trying to prolong the feeling as much as possible. Her voice rings in my ears; and if she is in my ears, somehow without my realising, Daniel watching me play with myself was the image I was holding onto in my mind. I brushed my thumb over my clit while my fingers penetrated deep inside and I tried to hold onto the sensation of my pussy, warm and dripping clenching over my fingers as I came. My torso reached up desperately to press into my hand and I stayed there frozen as the sensation rippled through me. Lilah sounds get calmer as she recovers from her orgasm.
As I come down from my high, I see the wet mess I've made and can't help but be impressed. It has been a long time since I was that aroused, although god knows what it means about what I rationally want. I text Lilah to say I'll be home late and they leave the light on for me when they go to sleep. I wait to make sure I won't be caught and mimic coming through the door loudly and turning off the lights. Things will be normal again in the morning, right?Do you want them to be?The voice from earlier whispers back.