1:30 P.M.
It was time the prodigal son came home. Even if it was forcefully.
Carrying a fussy baby Grace through the ground level of the Benson home, Willa heard the garage doors open. Stressed out by Grace's screaming fit made her pace the carpet changing scenery every few minutes.
"Sweetie my ears can only handle so many decibels. Relax! Did you hear that? Daddy's home. Maybe your big ole brother too. Dry those eyes so you can give them a big ole smile when they come in. Okay?"
Of course that didn't work.
Bouncing her on her hip, Willa awaited the entry door to the garage eagerly. She hoped that Nick might rescue her from Grace's deaf grip.
Five minutes linger before the door opens. Leading the way to her surprise was Nick's son Jesse. Jesse stood five foot six, 150 pounds, with dark wavy hair, short but not too short. Willa was caught off guard by his good looks. The photo's around the home were obviously outdated.
Stopping short Jesse quickly noticed the beauty of Willa Pryce. As eyes met he could only freeze in the doorway and gape his jaw. Willa tried to smile but Grace's torment made that impossible.
Behind Jesse stepped Nick who cleared his throat, "Are we going inside or moving to the garage?"
Jesse was then nudged by his father to force his way in and shut the door.
"What's all this crying about? Did someone not get her beauty sleep?" He steps in to procure his daughter from a frustrated Willa.
"I'm not certain why she's so fussy. I gave her a bath and as I dried her off she lost it. I've been dealing with this for thirty minutes."
Jesse hadn't stopped staring at Willa the entire time. This made Willa uneasy at first. She maintained most of her attention toward Nick and Grace.
"Is it possible she got water in her ear? Obviously, not her eyes."
"Definitely not her eyes. No soap or shampoo got near them. Ear's maybe. I never thought of that."
Nick pouts toward Grace, "Let Daddy save your life. Let's go upstairs and fix this right up."
He then turns toward Jesse with a scowl, "Take your bag to your room. Afterwards you have thirty minutes to eat and say hi to the new Nanny. Thirty minutes! Back to your room for the night. No television. No video games. No music. Am I clear?"
Jesse trembles at his father's stern attitude yet hadn't left his gaze drift from Willa.
"Yes." He started to stutter as Nick snapped his fingers for Jesse to lead the way. The only way Nick could break his son's trance. Jesse finally moved ahead and went to his room.
"If he misbehaves you let me know. Thirty minutes is all he gets. I'll monitor his time and let him know. You made a wise choice by the way."
"How so?" She peaks an eye brow.
Nick looks down at her attire. She was wearing her Bear's jersey and white leggings down to her mid calves. As Willa realized his meaning she grins.
"I felt sporty today. I didn't think you would want me to wear boy shorts and a tank top." She shook her tits swiftly, "No bra though. Hope that's okay."
Nick smirks, "A gentle tease won't hurt. Now, Grace needs to be my priority. Come upstairs after Jesse goes to his room. You can take over with Grace again. I need to work on that beach volleyball chapter."
She fans herself with her hand, "I haven't stopped thinking about all of yesterday. Go!"
Nick calmly moves away kissing on baby Grace in hopes to calm her cries.
At the top of the stairs Jesse met Nick. Jesse snuck in a peck to Grace's cheek, "I love you little sister." He then darted downstairs leaving Nick to scowl. He knew Jesse used Grace as a shield to avoid Nick giving him any further grief.
Nick took Grace to the bathroom and did his best to drain any lingering water from her ear.
Downstairs Jesse ran into Willa as soon as he hit the kitchen. Literally. Their chests crushed together forcing both of them to blush and step back in a hurry.
"Sorry." She lowers her gaze.
"I'm not. Well I mean it was by accident. But, wow! You're beautiful."
"Thanks." She fidgets with a slight redness in her cheeks, "Keep in mind though, I'm the Nanny. I'm expected to be professional."
He shrugs, "Whatever. You're still hot."
As he moves to the refrigerator he gathers up lunchmeat, mayo, cheese, and lettuce placing them on the counter. Willa assisted by getting a loaf of bread out of the bread box next to her.
"Thanks." He opens the bread, "You're not wearing a bra."
Willa hesitates raising a brow, "You noticed when we collided."
"No. Well, yeah. Your jersey has tiny little holes in it. I see skin beneath."
She pulls her shirt out to examine it, "Oops! I'm shocked your dad didn't tell me to change. It slipped my mind when I put it on. Anyways, you shouldn't be so observant."
"Yeah, that's impossible. Hand me a knife since you're blocking the drawer."
She jumps realizing that she was indeed, and opens it for him to get his own knife.
"So. I'm sure your dad told you my name, but I'm Willa."
"I'm horny. But you can call me Jesse."
She rolls her eyes, "I can see you're going to be a hand full."
He stops and pats his crotch, "Two hands."
Staring at the young man for his arrogance she absorbs his demeanor as her jaw drops, "Not going there. Get your mind out of the gutter."
"For now. I'm really shy." He puts up a good front.
She smirks and moves across the room to the French doors leading out to the deck and swimming pool. In doing so the brightness of the sun surrounding her silhouette made Jesse wince to stare at her. She ignores him leaving him to build his sandwich.
As she stood there she presumes he's still watching by the silence of his actions. She then lifts the jersey she wore up in front of her belly, patting it. As it pulled higher over her ass her white leggings became semi transparent due to the sun creeping through the micro thin fabric. He squinted to notice that she wore no panties. Her leggings were so snug and form fitting that her bare ass and crack were visible. He literally dropped his knife on the kitchen floor.
As it clattered Willa turned still showing off her belly button briefly.
"Need a clean knife?" She frowned.
"Naaaa! I'll rinse it. I just saw your ass."
She feigns ignorance that the lighting exposed so much and rolls her eyes. She knew exactly what the sun did to the fabric over her tanned flesh.
"You don't give up do you? I'm only going to tell you once more. I'm the Nanny. Not your girlfriend. Not your play toy. I like this job and I intend to keep it. As long as you're home we need to keep these flirtations under control."
"Then stop teasing me."
"I'm not." She knew she was, so did he. But, it was fun to insist she wasn't.
"If you say so. Chicago Bears suck by the way. Chargers rule."
"I like my Bears. I'm from Chicago. Gotta support my home team."
He takes a bite out of his sandwich as he grabs a can of Mountain Dew from the fridge, popping it open.
Willa changes tactics, hoping for a hint of real emotions from the eighteen year old rogue, "Do you miss your Mom? Way over in Israel."
"That where Mom's at now? Cool. Yeah, I guess I miss her. You miss your family?"
"Yes and no. I love it out here. Mom's so busy with modeling and her charity work that this past year I barely saw her. I was in college for a year too. My step-dad I think I saw more than Mom."
"Where's your real dad?" He plays along.
"No clue. I never knew him. He and Mom never married. She didn't want me to know him."
"Not even curious?"
"Yeah, a little. But, I heard he was bad news. Might be better I don't know him."
"Do you know what he looks like even?"
"Nope. Some day maybe. You're running out of time. Better eat up. We can talk more tomorrow if your Dad let's you out of prison."
"Your room's next to mine. You can always sneak over when Dad goes to sleep." Jesse winks.
"Not going to happen. And, don't be drilling peep holes through the wall." A finger is pointed.
He chuckles, "Dad hid the drill. I looked when we got out of the car."
"A wise man indeed." She smirks once again lifting the front of her shirt in front of the French doors. This time facing Jesse. The sun's reflection again formed around her leggings. He could see the form of her camel toed pussy lips under the material. Including the darker patch of pubic hair above it. Rubbing her belly with a moment of pause she sighs then releases the shirt.
"I saw your coochie." He smugly glares at her.
"Coochie? Whatever! Quit fantasizing."
"When you do." He sticks his tongue out.
She snaps a hateful expression at him, "Think what you want. I know better."
"I'll think of you a lot when I'm laying in bed."
"That reminds me, I need to change the bedding. Your Mom left me a list of things to do."
Before any more banter could escape the intercom erupted.
"Time's up Jesse. To your room. Willa come to Grace's bedroom."
Willa moves past Jesse as he gathered his paper plate and a bag of chips. In the process he accidently drops his knife on the floor again. Right in front of Willa. Without thinking she bends over right beside him to pick it up. In doing so her shirt rode up in back and her pants crept dangerously deep within her butt crack. Jesse dropped his jaw. The scenery was perfect.
Swiftly she stood and placed the knife in the sink. She then stuck her own tongue out at him.
"Knives I'll pick up. Not jaws. See you later Stud."
He follows her up the stairs like a puppy dog until he's forced to go into his room and shut the door. He would keep busy for hours.
Meeting Nick in Gracie's room she notes the child napping. Nick was gently patting her back while towering over the crib.
"Awwww!" Willa whispers, "She fell asleep. Magic touch, Daddy."
Nick nods, "Jesse behave?"
"Mostly. Flirted a lot. Tiny bit arrogant."
"It's an act. He's pretty shy deep down. You're new to the house. He's going to drool and act up. Did you behave?"
"Mostly." She offers a mixed expression, "Showed off my belly button. Bent over in front of him. Oh and we ran into each other literally when he first came down. Chest butts. He commented that I wasn't wearing a bra because he saw my chest through the tiny holes in my jersey. I think that's all."
"Keep things on that level. Grace is sleeping sound. Take her monitor and go relax. Watch a movie." He had a nagging feeling that his order would fall upon deaf ears.
"Sound's nice. Go write. I might go to my room. After today I'm still horny."
Nick silently chuckles, "Just remember who's on the other side of your wall. Keep it down."
"I'll try. No promises."
Nick leaves first as Willa tucks Grace in and picks up a Monitor from the charging dock. She stares at the dock realizing there were four monitors total. Two charged at all times. Smiling devilishly she grabs a second monitor tucking it under the back of her waistband and waits until she hears Nick enter his office. Lowering the return volume on Grace's monitor so as not to awaken the child later she takes her leave. Creeping from Grace's room she sneaks to Jesse's door and lightly knocks. Seconds later Jesse opens it shocked by her appearance.
"I need a favor. I'm going to go to my room and take a hot bath. Can you monitor Grace for me? I won't be long. I didn't tell your dad I was going to ask you so it's our secret. I figured maybe you might feel obligated to make up for your expulsion any way you could."
He scowls, "Uh, yeah. Blow some bubbles for me."
She shakes her head and forces the monitor into his hand after turning it on. Once he watches her wiggle into her room and close the door he shuts his own.
Heading back to bed he lays there hearing water running in the next room. He swiftly stands the monitor on his bedside stand and gets naked. Laying on top of his covers he fantasizes about Willa soaking in a tub.
After ten minutes the water stops and all goes silent. His stroking became more challenging at that moment. After timid loss he's startled by the baby monitor crackling and sounds of water splashing. He hears Willa's voice.
"Ohhhhhhhhh my God! So hot. I needed this. My muscles ache. MMMMM!"
Jesse's eyes bulged out of his head. She did this on purpose. He sat up and grabbed the monitor looking at the button. Clicking it he speaks up.
"I knew you were fantasizing."
"Quiet down. Let me enjoy my bath." She whispers.
Jesse wanted to talk more but decided to shut up for once. Listening intently he heard her sigh and whimper. Light moans crept across the monitor. This made Jesse stroke his cock hard.
"MMMM! This feels so good." Water frolicking noises sound off as Willa repositions in the tub.
Jesse to himself thought the same thing.
"My toes are curling. I can't believe Jesse was so arrogant. What a jerk." She giggles.
Jesse stopped everything to grimace then grabs the monitor button, "Hey! I heard that."
"Stop talking. If you say another word I'm turning this off."
He growls and tosses the monitor beside him on the bed speaker facing up.
"He's cute but he's the son of my employer. I can't get too close. I won't. But, I can offer teasing. Yes, I can do that much at least. I wonder what Jesse is doing right now?" She breathes heavily, moaning louder.
Jesse was fighting to contain himself. Still a virgin all he had ever done was this. Jerking off. This was like a porno radio show.
"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Oooooooooooooo! Oh my God!" Her moans echoed toward Jesse. In his own fever he snatched up the monitor just in time to push the button. There he expelled a loud grunt as he exploded all over himself in a display of fatigue.
As he releases the button he hears her try and contain a loud shrill spasm of a scream. She too had cum at her fingertips below the hot water.
Silence except the sound of waves.
Finally, Willa speaks.
"Maybe he will be nicer tomorrow. Show me respect. Be my friend. I hope so."
She sits her own monitor down and dries off. Moving into her bedroom she puts only her Bears jersey on which barely covered her butt cheeks. She then creeps from her room over to Jesse's door. A light knock to the door he opens it standing behind it to cover his nakedness.
She sticks her tongue out at him and holds her palm upward awaiting the monitor. He merely eyes her hand.
"The baby monitor silly." She whispers.
"Oh!" He prances back to his bed in a hurry without closing the door. She sees his bare butt and blushes slightly. As he returns with it she finds it funny how his hand tries to hide his dick. He hadn't even realized it as he again hides behind his door. His right hand offers her the monitor.
It was claimed with a pinch of fingers, knowing he had just had sticky hands touching it. She turns on her heel and feigns picking up lint off of the floor. As she bends over her bare ass comes into full view for Jesse to see. Including her luscious clam still moist and glistening. Looking back at him she whispers, "Remind me to vacuum tomorrow too."
Standing up she shuffles to Grace's room to return the monitor to the docking pod. Reducing the night light she departs Grace's room.
Passing Jesse who still stood leaning out his doorway she points at him, "Back to your cell Inmate!"
Eyes rolled Jesse returned to his bed and sat down directly into a pool of his own cum. With a disgusted look he could only lay in it.
He made his own bed after all.