Every year we vacation at the Jersey shore. My husband and I rent the same house year after year because we like the location as it is conveniently near all the amenities. We have our favorite restaurants and our favorite bars and we seem to see almost the same people which makes it special. This house is just a few houses away from the beach and for the past 2 years now we've watched this huge mansion getting built on the beach right up the block from where we stay. We were surprised to see that when we arrived this year the house was completed and it appeared that someone had moved in. It wasn't just the new house that was different this year, our kids were now all grown and they were planning on coming and going about different days during this vacation so was looking to spend some quiet time with my husband.
My name is Maria and my Husband and I have been married now for more than 25 years. Like all marriages we are always looking for different ways to spice up our sex life. We have never cheated on each other, but we have fantasized about it together in the bedroom. We have a great relationship and we are open and honest with each other and we share a lot of things, including things sexually. Over the past few years our fantasy stories have really increased sexually which has created a new element and heat in the bedroom. We would never cheat on each other but the idea of it when we fantasize about it together is hot.
My husband and I are very physically active and we try to stay in the best shape possible for our age. Now that we are both over 50, we make it an effort to stay active working out, hiking, running and going to the gym. My husband tells me that I look amazing and I do tend to get compliments from both men and women which I find to be pretty arousing. My close girlfriends tell me that they are very jealous about my shape telling me that I look very young for my age. As far as looks and my body type, I'm about 5'5, with a thin frame. I have blue eyes and long brown hair. I'm average at breast size but I like to think that my breasts are still perky for my age and my husband seems to enjoy them. When I was younger my best assets were my legs and tight butt, which still look pretty good so I work hard at it on a regular basis.
The week was pretty much uneventful and we spent our days at the beach and nights dancing and drinking at the local bars and nightclubs. The kids came with their friends at different times and I actually looked forward to the quiet beach days and dressing up sexy and having an adult night out with my honey.
Over the past few years we met a family that lives down at this beach town full time now. We enjoy spending time with them on occasion. We will meet for dinner or attend one of their elaborate parties. We let them know each year what our plans are so we make it a point to always connect and get together. The men have been going to the casino for the past two years and this has become an annual event. This year they decided on Friday evening so it was going to be a night out for the ladies.
Friday night arrived and the plan was to have dinner and see where the night took us. The guys left early in the day to get to the casinos. Lisa and I spent the day at the beach which was really nice for just the two of us. We've known each other now for about 6 years. We met through her husband Dan who connected with me some time back through another friend. The four of us connect pretty well and we have fun together. I'm very conservative as is Lisa but her husband Dan makes her a little wilder than she would normally be. We are about the same age and we both don't look it. She also keeps herself in amazing shape and when we get together we really turn heads. She is a little taller than me and also on the thin side like I am. We have similar body type but we have different sex appeal which is why we get into trouble when we go out, usually not too serious, but she is a bit flirty and I just enjoy her company and reap the benefits of her outgoing personality. My husband always fantasizes about her and I hooking up, but of course that is only bedtime story telling. I know they do the same as we share some stories sometimes when we are all really drunk together.
We planned our evening most of the day and we even decided on what to wear. Since the guys left us to fend for ourselves we agreed to make ourselves up and dress a bit sexier than usual. I knew what I was going to wear for the evening. I had packed this sexy little summer dress for a nice dinner with my husband but since he was not around for our dinner tonight, I didn't want to miss a chance to wear it. I put on a pair of sexy panties and felt the dress looked better without a bra. Not something that I usually do but when feeling sexy I may say 'what the hell'. The dress is nice and it's not too revealing so I felt sexy enough without showing off too much. What I found to be a bit sexy was the idea that I might reveal something to some lucky guy (or lady), in the event that I moved the wrong way and exposed myself. That would be a treat for us both.
Lisa had on a very similar summer dress, was a bit shorter than mine and the neckline was very revealing. She had her boobs done when she was in her late 20s and she likes to show them off maybe a bit too much.
During dinner we did get a few heads turning our way. Two very attractive women having dinner alone, always draws attention. Lisa is always aware of it, and she makes it a point to tell me. She is bit flirty but I think her husband loves that about her. Dinner was good and we had split a bottle of wine. Lisa was feeling a bit sexy and daring so it helped to put me in a good mood as well. Behind me at the bar were a couple of guys who had made eye contact with Lisa throughout dinner. She commented to me about it and as we managed through dinner each made their way past our table to the men's room to get a look at me too.
Dinner ended and the check came and Lisa had an idea. "Let's go to the bar and have a drink next to those guys. We'll act like we're just having an after dinner drink and we won't make notice that we even saw them staring at us. They seem like a couple of harmless guys so let's go have some fun"
I was Ok extending the evening so was open to a drink and just having some fun with Lisa. We walked over the bar and I recognized one of the guys right away. "OMG, Lisa you have to be kidding me? If that is who I think it is?"
"What? Who is he?" Lisa was so intrigued. "Only I know people down here girl." She said.
As soon as I was within eye view Rob smiled at me and I knew right away. He started to walk over to us and had on a smile from ear to ear. It had been almost 26 years since we saw each other.
"Maria, I can't believe this. Look at you, you look amazing." He said and gave me a hug and a kiss on the side of my lips.
"OMG, Rob how are you. It's been what 26 years the last time I saw you?" I was in total shock. He still looked as hot as he did when I knew him years ago, a little more grey but distinguished and he aged very well. "I see you still keep in shape, you look amazing yourself."
Lisa cleared her throat to draw attention so that she wasn't still standing there in that awkward situation waiting to be introduced.
I'm sorry; I stepped back away from Rob. "Lisa this is an old friend of mine. Rob this is Lisa. Rob and I used to date when we were younger."
"Hello Rob, it's a pleasure to meet you. Maria has mentioned a hot boyfriend in her past so perhaps I finally met that famous man." She knew how to make conversation, I'll give her that.
He introduced his friend Tony, who I didn't know and we settled at the bar for a drink and to catch up. I didn't want to leave Lisa left out but it was so long and we had so much catching up to do that I found it hard to keep her into the discussion. She was warming up to Tony so when they finally got to chatting it made it easier for us.
I found out that he was married with a couple of children, girls he said. He and his wife parted ways about 5 years ago so he is well over the divorce and has his life back on track.
After some private conversation I felt it was time to come to Lisa's aid and start a four-way conversation.
"Do you guys come down here often?" I asked.
"Well, we will now. We just bought the house up on 6th avenue and Ocean" Tony said with a bit of sarcasm.
I was shocked, like did I hear that right. "Wait, that huge mansion that was just finished getting built?"
Rob chimed in. "Yes, we just closed on it last week and we are now deciding whether we move in or we rent it for the summer."
Lisa looked at me and commented. "That house is huge, it must have cost you guys, what like 3 million dollars for a house down here right on the beach."
I was still in shock and awe. "What do you guys do to afford that kind of house?"
Tony moved away from the bar and stood in front of us. "We are business partners..."
Rob interrupted "were". "We were business partners. We just sold our business last year and we bought this house as an investment."
Tony continued his story. "My family has been coming down here every year since I was a kid, so it was a great opportunity for me, us to invest in something here."
"Are you two gay, I mean like partners?" Lisa was not shy to ask.
"Lisa! I told you that Rob and I used to date." I had to come to his defense even though they knew that she was kidding.
Rob was laughing "no, we're not gay, we just thought it would be a great investment considering that we were sitting on a huge amount of money after the business sold and figured we could retire down here or continue to invest and find another business to run". "We're still trying to figure that part out."
I looked at Lisa. "We're staying like 2 houses down from them this week. We also come down here every year and I've watched the progress on that house every year wondering what it will look like when it's done. And, who would actually buy it".
"Well now you see it and now you know." Tony answered.
"I thought I saw you on the beach this week but I wasn't sure. I was going to come over but I guess that's your husband you were with." Rob confessed.
"Yes, that's my husband but you still could have come over and said hello." I thought for a second how that would have gone over with my husband.
"Tony actually noticed you and commented too, I must say." Rob threw Tony under the bus.
"What does that mean? How did he comment?" Lisa asked.
Tony was eager to compliment me. "He means she was a pleasure to look at on the beach. Let's just say that". He toasted me and we clicked glasses.
I was now getting a bit embarrassed. "OMG, thank you." I said.
Rob looked amazing to me and I wanted to compliment him that divorce was good to him but I wasn't sure how he felt about it. He looked like he got himself into some serious shape maybe after the divorce to try and get back into the dating scene again. I remembered his lips and how sexy he was and I was embarrassed to admit to myself that I was excited to see him.
Tony was also in good shape. We learned that he met Rob in college and they started a business together. They worked so hard at it that they both lost what they loved most, their families but became very successful in their business.
Lisa kept teasing me and Rob all night asking questions about what we did and what we remember and she was getting us into a little bit of trouble. To put it bluntly if my husband was there while this was going on it would have been awkward. He is open to a lot of things but maybe a bit jealous when it comes to ex-boyfriends but mostly when it comes to Rob.
After a few drinks Rob made a suggestion. "Since you are staying just a few houses from us let's go check out the house and have some drinks at our place."
"That would be OK by me; I'd love to see your house." Lisa was open to the idea. She looked over at me for approval just to see if I was fine with the idea. We headed towards their house which was only a few blocks from the restaurant.
We walked around the big circular drive and stopped in front of the huge glass double-doors. I didn't feel at all insecure about going into the house with them. We were only a couple of houses away from where I was staying so it was just a quick walk home from there. I didn't feel in violation of anything other than just a friendly visit and I had my partner in crime with me to make sure we stayed out of trouble. Or at least I thought.
Rob lead us into the house and we walked into the huge foyer. The house was amazing, huge and expensive. As I looked around I must have thought out loud as I was thinking "what did you guys do to afford this?"
Tony responded to my thoughts "Have you ever heard or played the game War Lords on your phone?" I just looked around and shrugged my shoulders, can't say that I ever heard of it nor play iPhone games. "Well Rob and I wrote the original code for that game and then eventually started a gaming company that we just recently sold. We are still working out the details about the finances so please don't ask us how much we made. Anyway, our finance guy told us we should invest in real estate right away to offset some of the initial taxes on the sale. So here we are"
I was in awe. "This is absolutely incredible. I mean you could use a decorator in here to help spruce this up a bit but OMG, this house is gorgeous."
Rob walked into the room holding four glasses and a bottle of Champaign. "C'mon, let's go downstairs it's the only room in the house besides the bedrooms that have any furniture."
Rob led us down into the lower level. We settled in a large room which seemed like a game room of some sort. Cozy and warm, dark carpeting and a few huge TV screens hung around the walls. There appeared to be a pool table that was still in its plastic so it looked like they started to move some things in. I had to laugh at their priorities but again, these are two divorced guys. The guys sat on a sofa sectional and Lisa and I sat across from them on a big cushiony love seat. We all sipped our drinks for a short time as I was still in awe of the house. Tony went on and on about their company and how they met and on and on. I felt the drink hit me even harder than the others at the restaurant it tasted great and I felt really good.
Rob took a drink of Champaign and looked over at me. "I just remembered, did you remember Kathy Temper from the area we grew up?" He asked me.
I remembered a sweet innocent girl kept to herself most of the time. "Yes, I remember her. Oh, wait! I heard something about her. Oh yeah. She walked in on her husband with another woman or something like that." I faintly remember some bizarre story.
Rob laughed. "Well something like that. Her husband came home from a business trip early and found her in bed with another woman. Can you imagine that? Who would have guessed innocent little Kathy a lesbian."
Tony didn't know her but he commented. "I would have paid to see that." He said.
Lisa was looking for some adventure as she and her husband are always hosting crazy parties. From adult games to lingerie parties to you name it, they host them. We have only gone to one and it was a little too much for me. They hosted a lingerie party and the theme was for the ladies to pick out as much free lingerie as possible. The only catch was that in order to keep it you had to model it in front of everyone. They set up a huge cat walk in the basement and it was crazy. Luckily I only picked out this cute bra and panties but my husband went crazy when I totally got up there and modeled it. I've stayed clear of their parties since, but I always hear the stories. "How much?" She chimed in.
Tony looked up from his drink "How much, what?"
Lisa was persistent. "How much would you have paid to see that, this little innocent Kathy person with another chick?"
Rob jumped in to his defense. "I think it's just a figure of speech is all."
Tony laughed. "I'd pay. Seriously, I'd pay good money to see that."
Everyone got a chuckle out of that.
I knew Lisa was up to something, I've seen her like this before but sometimes I don't know if she's serious or kidding. "So if say, Maria and I started something here right now, you'd 'pay good money' to see that?" Using her fingers to emphasize the 'pay good money' quote.
Rob was first to answer that question, which is what I was afraid of. "Hell, I'd pay good money to see that."
Lisa kept them going. "OK, so let's play a game. What do you say we do something sexy like a sexy dare and you pay?"
I was not sure where this was headed. I grabbed her hand to try and stop her. I put my drink on the table and tried to say something but the guys were not having it.
"OK, I'm game. How much do we pay?" Tony asked what the rules were.
Lisa stood. "I don't care, you figure it out. You have the money and we have the dares. Pay what you think is deserving of whatever you find sexy." She grabbed my hand. "C'mon, let's go to the bathroom."
We walked into the plush marble bathroom and we were in awe of the money put into this house. I said to Lisa. "Are you crazy? What are you doing?" We started a loud whisper not to be heard.
"Awe c'mon Maria. Let's have a little fun with these guys. This is that hot boyfriend you used to tell me about. Didn't you tell me that just recently you had a strange dream about him or something?" She was trying to downplay this. "It will be fun. We'll play with these guys and see if we can get any money out of them. God knows they can afford it. My God, look at this bathroom."
"I'm not sure what you have in mind but I can't get into trouble here. I'm all for a good time but let's not get too crazy." I had to put some boundaries up for her. I wasn't expecting her to get out of control but this was an ex and not some strange guy that had no connection with me.
"Oh stop it, you know me. I would never put you in a bad situation. C'mon let's have some sexy fun. The boys left us alone so we should have a good time too." She went on. "Remember two years back when we teased that guy at the bar, when he kept looking under the table trying to look up our dresses...?"
"Yeah, how can I forget? We took or panties off and gave him a show." I was embarrassed but remembering how erotic and sexy that was how could I say no to her. I also remember telling my husband when we got home later that night and the sex was amazing. "OK, let's do this. I know Rob anyway and he would never do anything to hurt us or jeopardize anything. What do you have in mind?"
She slid her hand up under her dress and pulled her panties off. She held them up and swung them around her finger. "I'm going to start with this."
We walked out of the bathroom and I couldn't keep the smile off my face. Not sure what kind of reaction this would rise from the guys but soon to find out. She walked over to them sitting on the sofa and dropped her panties on Tony's lap. He grabbed them and looked up at her. She smiled and turned to sit back next to me. He was shocked and Rob just rolled and laughed. He couldn't believe what she just did. Tony held them up and said "Really? You did not just do this."
"I told you, we do something sexy and you pay. What would a sexy girl get for taking her panties off and giving them away?"
Rob was bidding for him. "I'd say at least $50 for that. That was pretty hot and totally unexpected."
Tony was still in shock. "OK, yeah. I agree $50 for that."
"OK, let's see it then. C'mon put your money where your mouth is. Get it out and put it here on the table. Let's see how much we can build this pot up to. And by the way, Tony...you're not keeping those so don't get too attached."
Rob was shaking his head as they both went into their pockets and each put up a $50 bill in the bowl lying on the coffee table. "I'm not sure what can top that, wow." He said and sat back down in his seat.
Lisa had a comment to Rob's remark. "I'm sure we can top that." She leaned over to me and said in a whisper stand in front of me. I just looked at her and smiled. I got up and stood in front of her with my back to the guys. She reached around me and slowly lifted up my sundress and exposed my ass to these guys. I was wearing a sexy black lace thong which was shear in the front. The black was cute too, not just a strap. It had a black bow at the top which when I wear it with a pair of jeans sometimes is revealing. She lifted my shirt in the front as well. I had to think that this was for her viewing. I knew from where she was sitting, her eyes level with my hips that she could see through my shear panties in the front. I put my hands on her shoulders and I let her keep for dress up about my waist. It was fun, innocent and sexy. Plus, I thought that after all these years I wanted Rob to see that I still had an amazing ass. Rob put his hands over Tony's eyes as a gesture to say you can't look at my old girlfriend, but he swiped at his hand to get a good look. I wiggled my butt a little and Lisa let my dress drop back over my butt.
Without any comment they both reached into their pockets and put out another $50 each in the bowl.
Rob remarked. "Wow Maria, you still look amazing. To be honest, $50 is generous to me. I mean I have already seen your butt so I'm putting this out there for effort since it's been 26 years."
I wasn't going to let him get the best of me. He's known me all my young life as a very conservative girl. It took me a very long time to have sex with him as I respected myself not much like my other friends. I'll give him a little piece of the older me. I leaned over and kissed Lisa. This wasn't the first time we actually kissed. Our husbands put us up to the gesture one night sitting in their hot tub getting high. I remembered the song I kissed a girl and I liked it. It was fun and so not unfamiliar to me. She kissed me back and she put her tongue on my lips. That was new and I found that to be very interesting. Her lips were soft and the taste of her tongue was sexy. I let my tongue touch hers and we kissed for a bit.
"OH MY" was all the guys could muster in response. This was getting fun. Again they each put their hands in their pockets and contributed to the bowl.
Rob was aroused I could see that. I remembered that face all too clearly now. He said "How you going to top that one, wow?"
That was a good question because I didn't know if we could or how we could.
Tony wanted to ask a question. "Can we dare you to do something or is this all up to you to decide?"
Lisa was running the game so I let her answer. "Depends, what do you have in mind and as long as you're willing to pay."
Tony went on. "Obviously Rob and you have had a relationship and even though it's been what 20-something years, I still get the sense that he has a little bit of a thing for you. So, with that said, I'm thinking that maybe we torture him a little bit and since you two are no longer a thing, you are free to do whatever you want...in a way...to some extent. But follow me for a second. He was jealous when you showed me your ass." He turned to Rob "like Dude, you were covering my eyes like you didn't want me to see. OK, here's my point, I thought you had or should say have a pretty sexy body when we saw most of it in your skimpy bikini this week. What we noticed was you had pretty sexy abs. So the first dare is, how much to see your abs?"
"Well that's a tough one because I have on a dress and I'm not wearing a bra so seeing my abs would take some negotiations." Were they serious?
"I'd pay $100 to see your abs. Rob, what about you?"
Rob replied to Tony. "Yep, I'd pay $100" and they both pulled out a huge their cash from their pockets. I was kinda in awe that they were carrying this much cash. The wad seemed like all 100 dollar bills too. They both peeled off a $100 bill and placed it in the bowl. All I could do was laugh as I actually thought they were kidding.
I wondered if they were showing off their new found wealth. "Are you serious, you're paying $200 to show you my abs?" Both nodding vehemently. "But I said, I have no bra on so how is that even possible for me to do that?"
Tony had an idea. "Take your dress straps down and pull your dress down. You can even cover your breasts with your hands. We don't care. The dare is 'show us your abs'."
I thought about it for a second and was like, OK what's the big deal I show my stomach on the beach. If I had on a top I would just lift it up without even thinking about it. Covering my breasts would add some sort of sexiness to the whole thing, so why not. "OK, I'll do what you said but you both need to close your eyes until I can get my hands over my breasts and then you can look."
"Really?" Rob blurted out. "C'mon you're getting $200 to show us something that you show everyone on the beach. At least you can provide a little bit of a show."
"You can turn around and pull your dress down and then turn around when you're ready." Tony advised.
I had to ask one last time. "You are serious about the $200? I mean it's not the money, I'm just surprised that you'd pay me to see something that you've seen all week."
I stood and turned around. I pulled the straps off my shoulders and pulled down my dress past my breasts and down to my waist line. I thought for a second, 'I must be crazy'. Thought about my husband and tried to imagine how sexy hot he would be if he were here, most likely coaxing me on to doing this. I saw Lisa look up at me. Even though we kissed before we've never seen each other without clothes. I think her seeing my breasts was sexy enough. After pulling my dress top down to my side I covered my breasts with my hands and turned around to face the guys. I thought that just looking at my naked back with my tits totally exposed would be arousing enough for them. They both gave me a good once over look up and down my body. When they looked at me I got chills down my back. I could feel my nipples getting hard immediately under my hands. I used my free hand to pull my dress down a little beyond my belly-button to show off my abs.
I didn't know how long this was supposed to go on for. "Am I supposed to count?"
Rob laughed and said "No, come sit down"
"Do I get to pull my dress up?'
They both responded "no"
So I sat down on the coffee table across from them, breasts in hand and now they were looking at my eyes.
Rob looked over at Lisa. "Do you want a piece of this too?"
She responded "In time, but I like where this is going."
I think Rob was trying to move the attention away from me. I thought that Tony might have been right, he was jealous.
"OK, so you just made the $200 from us. Wanna keep going?"
"What do you mean 'keep going'?" I asked Tony.
Tony went on. "Well your abs got you $200, so how much to show us your tits?" He took his money in hand again. "I'm putting out another $200 from me."
Rob commented, "I'll see your $200 and I'll put up $250 because I don't think Maria will do it for $200"
They both looked at me. I said nothing just looked down at the money. I pulled my dress back up covering my breasts so I could sit more comfortably. Again I found myself thinking about my husband and how he is always pushing me to take my top off when we travel to the islands for vacation. It's not like anyone else ever saw my breasts.
Tony interrupted my thought "can I ask you something" he asked me.
"Sure, what?"
"Not to embarrass you but tonight while we were at the bar, you were leaning over to get a napkin and I saw down your dress. So I have already seen your tits if that make it easier. Plus, I can see through your dress now that your nipples are hard."
That comment hit me in a strange way. Found it to be exciting to hear. Not knowing that he saw my breasts at the bar but telling me now was erotic to hear. My nipples were really hard and it was because I was aroused. Without thinking about it any further I started to slip my right arm out from my dress strap. Slipped the left one out as well and slowly slid my dress down my breasts. I stopped at my nipples and for a second thought to chicken out but something pushed me further and before I could breath, I exposed my hard nipples to these two guys. I slid my dress down past my abs again and slid my hands over my breasts to playfully caress them. It was an amazing feeling of being free and just letting go. It was exhilarating and dangerous at the same time. I felt they had a good long look and so I pulled my dress back up.
All I heard from Tony was "Wow".
Lisa was impressed. I sat back down next to her and my heart was racing. "That was pretty sexy honey." She whispered to me. It was then I realized something. Not only were we getting these guys aroused, we were also getting aroused by each other and how we were behaving together. This was a situation that I could never expect to experience and could ever rewrite this again. The pot was getting bigger but it wasn't about the money anymore.
Lisa stood and started to pull her dress top down as well. She turned to me, she didn't need to but she wanted me to see her breasts. They were perky and sexy. Her nipples were hard and she looked amazing. She caressed them as she turned to the guys and put one up to her mouth and licked her left nipple. I was blown away by this and the guy's jaws just dropped.
She left her dress down around her waist and she came and sat next to me. She looked at me and said "Touch them." I smiled and obliged. With both hands I cupped her breasts and could feel her hard nipples in my hands. I've never felt another woman's breasts before. I ran my fingers down to her nipples and with my thumbs gently brushed across them. She lifted up her dress and sat back. I could feel her heart beating when I touched her and now my heart was racing more. I felt myself getting wet so I could only imagine what was going on across the room.
She sat back into the loveseat and put her hands on her thighs. I remembered she had no panties on and she started to lift her dress. She parted her legs slightly and I thought now she was teasing them. I wasn't sure how far she was going to go but she kept sliding her dress further and further up her thigh. She reached her hips and then she spread her legs. Totally exposing herself to them. I couldn't see from my angle but she lifted her dress high enough to give them pure sight of it.
I was so aroused by this I could hardly speak. I noticed that we all stopped conversing at this point and there was only action, no words. The lighting was low which was perfect to get away with more than any of us would dare to do.
She put her hand down between her legs and covered her pussy with her hands but left her dress up where it was. Simply put, this show was over for now. Time for the boys to pay, which they did, which we didn't care about but they kept throwing money and we kept the game going.
I felt like I wanted to do something and I was totally wet. I stood up again and stood in front of Lisa. She looked up at me and said "What baby? What can I do for you?" She said so softly spoken and so sexy.
I looked at her and said "Take my panties off."
She smiled and leaned up. She slid her hand up under my dress and over my ass. Her hands were soft and that felt amazing. She took hold of my panties from the side and slowly slid them down, and in doing so she made sure that my ass was exposed for a brief moment. She slid them down over my hips and when my panties left my pussy I can tell at that point how wet they were. She slid them past my knees and I lifted my leg so she could pull them off. I grabbed them from her. I was afraid she would send them across the room like she did with hers and I didn't want them to know how wet I was. I threw them on the love seat. I was about to sit when Lisa's hand found its way back up my dress and started to caress my ass again. She lifted my dress in doing this exposing my bare ass to them. She gave my ass a sexy little smack, and it felt hot. I wasn't sure if they could see my pussy from behind but it was erotic to think they could. She slid her hand down the side of my thigh and then between my legs. I thought for a second that I would close them on her hand. Stop her from inching up but my heart was beating too fast for me to move. My clit was hard and throbbing and I was in anticipation of what she was going to do. In a moment there was no one there but just the two of us. She slid her hand up the inside of my thigh, reaching up and feeling my cleanly waxed pussy. She ran her finger up my slit and I knew she could feel my wetness dripping. She parted me with her fingers and inserted one into my pussy. I was so wet I felt it glide into me. I sighed, moaned slightly and threw my head back. It was amazing to have her feel me, for me to feel her inside me like that.
She pulled away and I sat. I realized that the guys were still there. I drew a breath as if I just ran up a flight of stairs.
She finally broke the silence "You like to watch?" she asked them. Speechless they just nodded.
She responded to them "So do we. Take out your cocks, we want to see how hard we made you. This is our dare to you. You can take money out of that bowl if you want."
Guys are not shy, I've learned that but two guys together were going to be something interesting. Rob stood immediately and pulled his shorts down and tossed them on the sofa. Still in his boxers, he was waiting to see if Tony was joining I guess. I could see the huge bulge in his boxers but I didn't want to look. He started to rub his cock outside his boxers and it grew even bigger. I couldn't resist, I looked down at his hand which was running up and down his shaft. As soon as I looked down at him, he took that as approval and slid his boxers down in the front and pulled out his cock. Just the tip was all I could see at first. He pulled his shirt up to his chest and it's then I remembered how he used to look. He had nice abs and was in good shape now seeing him again. He pulled his boxers down more and unveiled his cock. It was huge and was throbbing as he moved his hand down into his boxers to squeeze his balls gently. I looked up at him and our eyes met. I felt like this was the turning point, moment of truth. What to do? He lifted his hips up off the sofa and pulled his boxers down over his knees and then off. He pulled his shirt off and now was completely naked. I had to give him credit, he was going for it. He had a real nice body, ripped and strong. He looked sexy as he sat there and I was able to catch a glimpse of him, fully exposed, his cock shiny hard throbbing and his balls smooth and cleanly shaven. No body hair on him and he was tanned from the week on the beach. I was wet and I couldn't fool myself otherwise.
Tony was doing the same but I hadn't taken my eyes off of Rob. It was too much for me to handle, one guy alone not two here totally exposed. I wanted to look though, it was intriguing. Lisa made a comment that she couldn't see Tony so that gave me a chance to glance at him. He was hard and stroking his cock with his right hand. His shirt was falling over his hand so Lisa asked him to remove it.
Lisa and I both sat looking across at them. Rob was not touching himself, he was just sitting there with his cock just dancing about. It was throbbing and moving without him touching it.
Lisa grabbed my thigh and put it on top of her leg. My legs were spread but my dress was covering me. She slid her hand up my thigh again. Rob was looking right at me. Slowly she slid her hand up my thigh until she came to my pussy again. She ran her fingers up and down my slit moving all my juices over my pussy. I lifted up my hips and my dress up past my hips. Sitting now bare ass on the sofa she began rubbing my clit.
I slid my dress straps off my shoulders and Rob took his cock in hand. He stroked with his left and rubbed his balls with his right. I slipped my dress down and once again exposing my breasts. My nipples were hard and very sensitive to the touch. Chills went down my back when the dress fell down over them. I let my dress fall about my waist and put my hands up to my nipples and cupped both breasts. I put both nipples between my fingers and squeezed slightly. Not sure if that was for him or for me. Rob started to stroke a little faster.
Lisa grabbed my hand and led me to her thigh. I never touched a woman before but this was an amazing situation. I slid my hand up to her pussy and felt her clean waxed lips. She was dripping wet and I felt her clit immediately. I rubbed her there as she was rubbing me. She leans over and starts to kiss my breasts and then my nipples. I can't control myself and so I just leave my hand between her legs. She is moving her hips rubbing herself against my hand. Licking me and rubbing my clit I open my eyes and look over at Rob.
He was still stroking with his left but his right hand was now down past his balls and he was rubbing himself there as well. I had plain view of his balls as they were tight against his body. His eyes were wide and he was stroking fast now. I wanted to help him finish. Part of me wanted to touch it. Stroke him like I used to do it and make him cum or rub his balls and make it more pleasurable for him. Part of me wanted to tease him and let him finish.
I felt myself building up to a climax and started to moan out load. Lisa was rubbing my clit in rhythm with Rob stroking his cock. Lisa has her hand under mine and she is rubbing herself. She has worked herself up to almost a climax but she is waiting for me to explode. My hips were moving into Lisa's touch as she starts to rub my clit faster. I watch Rob as he cums, explodes all over his stomach, using his free hand to caress himself over his balls and below while he cums.
I can't hold back any longer seeing him cum was the climax for me and Lisa feels I'm about to cum she slides her fingers deep inside me wanting to feel me orgasm. I cum all over her fingers and hand, squirting then dripping with pleasure. Lisa makes herself cum as well and I feel her wetness drip from her as she rubs her own clit.
It's a night to remember. We get dressed and leave without a word. On the way to my place, Lisa asks "Do we tell our husbands or do we take this to our graves?"
We agreed that we would tell then but would tell them together. Or would we just replay this whole evening just for them.