This is the first of many true stories. This is meant to just be a background story before we get to the juicy stuff. Kind of an awakening of a monster. It really is amazing we were never arrested.
My wife and I married very young. Everyone always talks about how beautiful their wives are. My wife was very pretty but her body was a showstopper. Her measurements were in perfect proportion. She wasn't the type that stopped time when she walked in a room but she did draw attention from most guys. Even after birthing two kids she still had a very nice figure.
I was a manager and she was an employee at a fast food restaurant when we met. She briefly dated another employee and lost her virginity to him. He was less than gentle with her so she broke up with him after the first time.
That was when we started dating and eventually married. I was her second time and we wasted no time at all in making sex a regular staple in our relationship. She loved sex and would try anything any time.
After we were married we had two children. She was a very active person and getting her shape back was not a problem for her. She became quite wild then. We didn't just drop the kids off at grandparents for date nights, we would have date weekends. We enjoyed all types of fun and often times some other people would catch us.
She really got into the risk of public sex. We would often go to our local state park and sneak off the beaten path and have relations of one type or another. One of her favorites was a rock outcropping over a river with boats going by underneath. One time we were in a boat fishing on a lake. She decided she wanted some attention so she took her top off and started fishing. It was a medium sized lake so it may not have been crystal clear to those on shore what she was doing, but pretty soon it had to be because she laid down and took her shorts off and begged me to climb on. That boat was rocking! Having kids at home it was just habit to be as quiet as we can, which probably saved us from getting arrested.
Another time, we were on a walk through town in the dead of night. We walked to the local beach right next to a bunch of houses. She stripped down and went swimming. I soon followed. Despite the fact we could hear people on the deck just a hundred or so feet away she had no problem climbing on top of me. I really think it turned her on even more! Did I forget to mention we were with walking with another couple that night. They did the same thing and within sight of us. She even had a small conversation with the other woman while we were doing it.
On another occasion, we decided to head into the cities for a night out. She wore this button down dress. When we were in a movie theater she started getting playful. After we made out for a while, she went to the counter to get snacks. Before she went, she handed me her bra and unbuttoned her dress past the bottom of her boobs. She came back smiling. The boy told her that her dress was unbuttoned. She just smiled and said thank you. While we were watching the movie she grabbed my hand and lifted her skirt and put it where everyone wants to go. She really got into the fact there were men sitting all around us that for sure got to see a lot more than a movie.
She really enjoyed random surprise nudity. We were going on the freeway and she would take her shirt and most of the time her bra off. One time she climbed over the seat into the back and started waving to the car behind us. They had quite the time for a few miles before she blew him a kiss and dressed again. Another time we had a sunroof and she opened it and stood up through it without a top on, but she did have a sexy bra on.
She really enjoyed playing in the drivethru. She would often times put a jacket over her naked chest and get kind of flirty with the drivethru guy, as we got our food she would ask if they want to see her naked and take off the jacket. Another time we decided to hit a late night drivethru and she stripped completely naked and pretended to be passed out in the back seat.
One night, the door was opened into a new direction. We were driving by a closed store and some people were sitting in their pick up trucks talking. She asked me to pull over and then asked if I dared her to go up to them topless. Wearing only a pair of very tight jeans, she walked over to the group and asked if anyone had a condom. They were in complete shock this topless woman was asking for a condom! Their mouths were wide open so no one answered. So, she upped the ante. She said she would let whoever gave her one touch her boobs.
Immediately, 7 condoms appeared! The first guy was real timid and just quick touched them. The second guy got a little daring and caressed both and then tweaked her nipple. The third guy went even farther and then sucked on a nipple. Everyone after that did whatever they wanted to her chest, sucking, squeezing, and tweaking. Having the heart of gold she did, she went back to the first guy and gave him another chance. He went to town with his hands all over her body, not just her chest. She seemed to really be enjoying as she grabbed his head and held it tighter against her naked chest. When his hands started wandering she just rolled her head back and enjoyed the moment.
I thought they were going to do it right there! She finally pried herself off him, although it took her a couple tries to actually make it all the way free of him as she kept pulling his head back to her chest..
I was surprised how hot this episode made her and even more surprised at how much I enjoyed it. She was honestly soaked through her jeans. We made it about a mile before she had an orgasm. With just barely a touch. When we finally made it home for the night she was insatiable. When I had to tap out for the night, she used her battery warrior one more time.
That night sent us in a new and exciting path. After many passion filled discussions we headed down a new and more exciting path. More to come!