"Sir" emailed more often than he called but the thought of "when" was always at the back of my mind. I enjoyed the memory of our first experience together and was driving myself crazy thinking about what he had in store for me the next time we met.
He waited almost two weeks and I received a call from him early one morning. Just hearing his voice gave me shivers all over. I loved his voice and heard it in my dreams most nights. Here I was in my 40's and having "wet dreams" for the first time in my life. This time with him was a very intoxicating infatuation for me as I was married for years with a man that might as well have been asexual. I was learning, finally, what it was to share with another and I was enjoying how hot it all was! My female parts had never experienced such hotness in my entire life.
But, back to our second meeting... He wanted to know if I was free for lunch and I would have dropped meeting the Queen of England to meet with him! He told me of a park in the next town from me but not far from his work. Told me to be there by noon and then told me he wanted me to wear a skirt and a tight fitting blouse. I knew just the outfit but the fashion of the day was longer skirts, still I hoped it would be appropriate as the blouse was pretty see thru, very thin white cotton, form fitted and showed off my 36 D's very nicely. I would wear a demi bra that would push up my assets and would not wear any panties under the skirt. I was creaming just thinking of this..
I was in the park at the appointed time and I parked. "Sir" was only a few moments behind me and he opened my car door to tell me to "Come with me." We left the car and took off down the park path. I noticed that he had a blanket and a sandwich bag from one of the chains. I made the assumption that we would be sharing a nice lunch together. That is what I get for assuming!
We came to a clearing that was fairly private but with the path close by so if someone came by we would be seen. "Sir" unrolled the blanket and I saw two pieces of twine, rope that fell out. He picked them up and with a very naughty look caressed them. Instead of helping me to my knees, instead he took my hands and pulled me close to him, turned me and backed me up to a dogwood tree I had not noticed before. There were several lower branches and he took both of his hands and took my right arm and stretched it out and tied it to the branch. Then the left arm was done the very same. He tugged on them to make sure they were not too tight but sturdy. He then with gentle caresses began the exposing of my breasts.. one button at a time.. while running his tongue over my neck and top of my chest.. He opened the blouse wide, pulling it to the sides. Then I felt him rubbing my ass and quickly he had exposed my bottom. The breeze and southern sun felt so good to those areas and only enhanced this experience. In no way did I feel threatened or worried about any "what-if's". My "Sir" was in charge and in control. He then whispered in my ear, "Bend your knees." So, bend them I did..
"Sir" then sat down on the blanket and unwrapped his sandwich and began to eat while he took in the site of my exposed body in front of him. He gently whispered sweet nothings to me and the world around us. He asked if I would enjoy someone walking up and seeing me in such an erotic pose. He wanted to know if I would allow another man to run his hands over my sweetness. He smiled his beautiful smile and asked if I would allow a girl to gaze upon my womanly attributes and share my sweet juice with her. I guess I moaned but I don't remember but "Sir" knew that enticed me. At one point he reached over and ran his index finger down my swollen lips and licked my juices from his finger. Again, with a smile, he said simply, "Dessert."
Then "my Sir" leaned back and showed me the tent he had in his dress slacks and asked if I enjoyed what I did to him. He shared with me how he had not even had me but yet knew I would be so worth the wait. I was thinking today would be the day, but no. Once he finished his lunch and watching me moan and dripping, he stood up, walked to me and whispered into my ear how much I pleased him and what a good sub I was proving to be. He took my throat in his right hand and lifted my face to him and ravished my mouth to the point my knees could no longer support me.
He then lowered my skirt and began buttoning my blouse.. but only after he tweaked my two hard nipples. Making me smile and wince. I enjoy my nipples being devoured and knew he would enjoy them.
Then he untied me and I hate to admit but I fell onto him. He held me for a few minutes till my multiples had softened and I was able to walk. He picked up the blanket and shook it, turned and smiled and thanked me for a wonderful lunch hour.
I wondered on the drive home if he knew how much I wanted him.. and how his prolonging it only made it even hotter for me... What was to come next with "my Sir"? Only time would tell and that of course was up to "my Sir".