Author's Note: CAUTION. This story contains some male bi-sexuality. If that disturbs you, then you should probably stop reading and select another story.
###################
Beth and I rested for a few minutes before we turned off the lights and cuddled up in bed together. I couldn't believe I'd just walked into my son's room naked, with a hard-on, and gave him the juice soaked panties I'd pulled out of my wife's pussy not more than a couple of minutes after we finished making love.
Charles' eagerness to take his mother's messy panties from me and his indifference that they were coated with my cum puzzled me, but, apparently my wife was absolutely confident he'd want them. The way he eagerly reached out for them surely spoke volumes to me, and as I laid there next to Beth cuddling against her breasts, I knew my son was in his room, right now, sniffing and licking those panties as he stroked his cock.
"I'm going into work early tomorrow." Beth said, casually. "I want to get off a little early so I can do some shopping, but, I should be home about the same time as usual."
"Shopping?" I asked. "You mean for groceries?"
"No, silly." Beth said, giggling into my chest. "I want to pick up two or three more sets of that mesh lingerie – like the white ones you want me to wear tomorrow."
"I don't think I'd need more than two or three days worth before we end up switching over to full nudity," she explained, "but, just in case it takes us that long, I want to make sure I have something to wear in front of my two men."
As soon as she explained it to me, it made total sense and I was ecstatically happy she was thinking about what was going to happen the next few days. Along with that, if she was able to find more of the almost see-through bra and panty sets, that's obviously what I wanted her to wear in front of Charles.
"Hey," she said, softly, "can I ask you a serious question?"
"Sure." I answered, reaching up to pinch one of her nipples.
"No," she continued, "I mean it. Can't you be serious for a minute?"
"Okay, okay." I replied. "Fire away."
"Well," Beth began, "I think we're both in agreement we'd like to offer our son a chance to be sexual with us, but, I need to know what the limits are. I mean, have you really thought about this?"
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"For instance," Beth answered, "when the time comes, is anal sex off limits with him? And, should I let him cum in my mouth? My vagina? You know, stuff like that."
In the time she asked her question, my cock engorged itself and I was hard again despite the fact that we'd already made love less than thirty minutes earlier.
"Truthfully," I replied, "the only limits I can think of are what you will allow, and what you won't allow. As far as I'm concerned, you can take it as far as you want as long as you're not trying to hide it from me."
"I'd never do that, Sweetheart." She said. "I want us to do this together, like we agreed. But, I need to know if I have your blessing to do everything with him that you and I do."
"I don't see why not." I answered. "I'm not going to get jealous, Beth. You can do anything you want with him."
She reached down to stroke my cock, and then said, "That's not exactly what I meant....."
I asked Beth to be honest with me, and she finally got to the point. She asked me how I was going to feel about kissing her, or touching her after she'd had sex with Charles. She wanted to know if I expected her to wash herself or brush her teeth after they'd been together.
"Hell no." I said, chuckling. "I've been truthful with you since the beginning. If it were up to me, I'd actually prefer it the other way. What I mean is, I've spent years fantasizing about you being with another man and thinking about another man's sperm in your pussy or in your mouth. I want you to feel free to do anything and everything with him."
"As long as you can watch and participate?" Beth asked, in reply.
"Yes." I answered. "But, let's make sure we remember it's not just me that wants this. It's you, too, as well as Charles. We all get something we want here, that's what makes it so good for us. He's the perfect lover for you, and the perfect addition for us."
I was happy the light was off, because I felt my cheeks heat up with embarrassment as I continued, telling her I hoped Charles would be open to some touching back and forth between the two of us.
"Wouldn't that be so perfect?" Beth sighed. "I mean, if the three of us were able to touch and suck and fuck each other openly. Do you think he'd go along with that?"
"Well," I said, "he didn't seem at all concerned when I handed him your panties with my cum all over them a few minutes ago."
"Let's just play it by ear and see how it goes." I added. "We'll start out with the underwear, like we agreed, and if he shows interest we'll do more. If you get a chance to ask him about it..... you know..... about mutual touching and the three of us playing together, then by all means, bring it up and see what he says."
"Tell me the truth here." Beth asked. "If you got the chance, would you suck him? I mean all the way? Let him cum in your mouth?"
"Are you kidding?" I replied. "As long as he was comfortable with it, of course I would."
"Gawd, I'd love to see that." Beth moaned as she gripped my cock and jerked it up and down for a few seconds.
"You know, I could help." Beth added. "I could teach you guys how to suck each other, and how to fuck each other. I'm sure the real thing is going to feel much better inside you.... better than our strap-on does. I'd love to help you guys with that."
Well, that sure made me stop and consider things. I remember how emotionally difficult it was for me to actually enjoy the strap-on. And that was just a plastic cock. Sure, we'd fantasized together about having a male lover who would play with me, too, but that was just fantasy. Beth was talking about a real, live cock fucking my ass – my son's cock.
"I'll try to find the right time to feel him out on that." She finally said, giggling at her choice of words. "But, if I had to guess, I'd say he definitely inherited his father's curiosity."
We both fell asleep and I woke up the next morning as Beth was just getting out of the shower to get into the office early. I watched her as she puttered in the bedroom, enjoying the sight of her naked body – her breasts and the hairless lips between her legs.
"I was just thinking," she paused and looked over at me saying, "what if you and Charles went shopping with me later?"
"For lingerie?" I asked. She'd really gotten my attention now.
"Sure." Beth said, smiling over at me. "You guys could help me pick out bras and panties you like, and we could grab a bite to eat and come home and..... uh......"
"And?" I asked.
"Maybe I could model them for you. Both of you." Beth said.
Before I could react, she added, "You know, I could use some new bras and panties. Some of my camisoles have seen better days, and......"
"Yeah! That sounds good." I answered, sitting up in the bed.
Beth snickered and sat down on the edge of the bed, reached under the sheet and grabbed my now hard cock. "I knew you'd like that." She whispered. "We could turn it into a whole evening, Sweetheart."
I stopped to think about it, and she had a point there. If things went okay, we might even be able to use it as the reason for Charles to get his first look at his mother naked. My mind went in several directions after that; there were endless possibilities all cleverly surrounding the purchase of a few pieces of lingerie.
"I'm thinking you might need a whole bunch of new things." I replied. "Charles and I would be happy to give you our opinion as you tried things on. I mean, it's the least we can do, right?"
Beth squeezed my cock and smiled. "My thoughts exactly." Beth answered. "I'd probably have to stand in front of you..... twirl around.... bend over..... let you guys look at me. Don't you think?"
"Well, if you want us to give you our opinions, I think you'd have to." I agreed. "We'd have to feel the material and check the fit, too."
"Absolutely." Beth answered, smiling along with me.
We bantered back and forth in a comical fashion, reasoning out why it would be a good idea for Charles and me to watch her model her lingerie. We were talking around it, but, we both knew exactly what would probably happen.
I asked her what we were going to tell Charles and she looked at me and chuckled. "We'll tell him the truth." She said, quite convincingly. "We'll just say if I'm going to start wearing just bras and panties around the house I'd rather not be seen in those ratty old things I've had in my drawer. How's that?"
I could see the excitement in Beth's eyes, and, telling Charles the truth had its merits. It would definitely set the stage for an enchanting evening and start him thinking about the possibilities that might unfold between the three of us. Plus, it would seem plausible and provide a natural flow for what could happen.
"I want him to see you naked tonight." I said, quietly. "Promise me that will happen."
"That's up to you." Beth answered, bending down to kiss me. "As far as I'm concerned, whatever happens is fine. I'll go along with it."
"But," she quickly added, "I want it to be just like we already talked about. I want you to be the one to expose me to him. You have to be the one to make the first move. Okay?"
My cock was throbbing. I reached down to grab myself but she asked me not to masturbate this morning. "I'd like you to be really ready in case this works out like we're thinking." Beth said. "And, maybe you should get Charles up after I leave and keep him busy all day so he doesn't have time to get himself off, either."
Beth was smiling as she said it, but, I was right with her on that. So, as she stood up and finished getting dressed, I got up and started thinking how I could keep Charles busy all day. As Beth was finishing her make up, I got a brilliant idea.
The faucet fixtures in the master bathroom needed to be replaced. They made noises from time to time when we turned them on, and today was a wonderful day to pull them out and replace them – a job I knew would take us most of the day. It would give me time to set the stage for our shopping adventure and plant the seeds of thought in Charles mind about the evening's possibilities.
So, the instant Beth left that morning, I went into the bathroom, threw a little water on the floor, and some on the vanity and then stepped back to look at it. Satisfied that Charles would bite on my sneaky plan, I walked across the hall to his room and knocked loudly on his door.
I knocked twice and then opened the door. He was still sleeping, but, as I called his name, he lifted his head and looked up at me.
"Hey, Buddy," I said in an urgent tone, "we've got a water leak in the bathroom. Can you come give me a hand for a few minutes?"
"Yeah, sure." My son answered, throwing back the covers and sitting up out of his bed.
I hurried out, going back to the bathroom where I got down on my hands and knees with a bath towel to make it look like I was trying to get the water up off the floor. When Charles came in, I looked up at him with an exasperated look on my face.
"The damn faucet just blew out." I told him. "Water went everywhere."
Now, Charles has no idea how a faucet works or the principals behind it, so he immediately accepted my explanation.
"We're gonna have to replace it." I groaned. "Can you help me out?"
Charles is good about helping both his Mom and me around the house, so of course, he agreed. I told him we might as well replace both faucet fittings with something nice from the hardware store and he just nodded his head. Fifteen minutes later, we were in the car on the way to the hardware store. It was still early – maybe seven o'clock that morning, so I pulled into a fast food place and told him we could get some breakfast and coffee there before we tackled the faucets. As we ate and drank our coffee, I began setting our snare.
"Hey," I said, quite matter-of-factly, "Mom asked if we wanted to go out with her this afternoon to do some shopping and have an early dinner out somewhere."
"Shopping?" Charles moaned. "With Mom? Dad, are you kidding? You know what that's gonna be like?"
I chuckled to myself when he said that. This was going to be so easy......
I looked up at Charles as I took a sip of my coffee and said, "She wants to shop for lingerie, Son. She said if she was going to be wearing bras and panties around the house from now on, she didn't want to be wearing her old, ratty stuff."
"And," I added, "she wants us to help her pick out new bras and panties."
"Oh." Charles answered, looking up at me with a surprised look on his face. "Really?" He asked.
"That's right." I said. "Interested now?"
"Yeah." Charles said excitedly. "That would be pretty cool."
"That's almost exactly what I said." I replied, smiling up at him. "So, we'll just go along, give her our opinions, help her pick out some stuff and then we'll go eat. Sound okay to you?"
Charles was all for it, and I snickered to myself as step one of our nasty plan was accomplished. Soon, we left for the hardware store and spent an hour there picking out new faucet fixtures and all the various items we'd need to pull the two existing fixtures out and replace them. On the way back, I launched step two of our plan.
"So," I began, as I drove, "if we're going to be the ones to help pick out her new bras and panties, I'm thinking we ought to have a strategy before we get over there."
"A strategy?" Charles replied.
"For sure." I answered. "I don't know about you, but, I'd prefer we walk out of the lingerie store with cute and sexy stuff instead of granny panties and armor plated knocker lockers."
Charles broke into a good belly laugh after I said that.
"I just think we should have a strategy about what we're going to like and what we're going to suggest." I followed up quickly. "That way we can have some influence over what she picks out."
"That seems reasonable." Charles said, agreeing with me. "I like the idea of cute and sexy."
"And, if we play it right," I added, "once she's got a handful of stuff in her arms, we could start complaining about being hungry and suggest she could..... you know.... try on everything at home."
I let that sink in for a minute before I added, "We could offer to let her model for us once we got back to the house."
Charles squirmed in his seat next to me, reaching down to adjust himself so the growing bulge in his pants wouldn't be uncomfortable. Once I saw what he was doing, I did the same, pushing my hard-on to the side so it would have more room in my jeans.
"We're gonna be in our underwear, too?" Charles asked.
"That's the deal we made." I reminded him. "Remember?"
"Yeah, but....." Charles groaned, "Dad, I probably won't to be able to keep from...... you know.... getting a little hard if we do that. She's gonna see it."
"I know." I said, as I drove. "It'll be the same for me, I'm sure. But, don't worry about it. Trust me, she'll see it as a compliment."
I glanced over at Charles and he was sitting there with a miniature grin on his face as he stared out the window. I could just image what was going through his head visualizing his mother trying on her new wardrobe of bras and panties and modeling them for us.
With step two of the plan now complete, I let it go for now, thinking it was best to let everything I'd said so far percolate in his head for a while.
Once we got home, we cleared the junk out from under the sinks and set out on the task to remove both of the old faucets. I showed him how to do it right, replacing the lines from the cutoff valve up to the fixture and how to use the wrenches correctly. All in all, it was two o'clock before we were done, and I knew his mother would be walking through the door in less than an hour.
Suggesting we both take showers and put on some clean clothes before she got home, he agreed and took off for his room. I stripped down in our bathroom and was just about to turn on the water in the shower when Charles called out to me and appeared in the bathroom doorway while I stood there naked.
He turned to leave, but I stopped him, asking him what he wanted. When he turned around, I faced him and his eyes went straight to my soft cock. He stammered for a second and then asked what he should wear shopping and out to dinner.
Honestly, I probably should have given him a straight answer and let him go take his shower, but, when I saw his eyes drop down between my legs a second time, I made a conscious decision to keep him engaged in conversation a little while longer.
I asked him where he wanted to go eat, and stood there with my hands on my hips while he tried to think about that. The only problem was, after a second, he was openly staring at my cock again. Seeing where his eyes were focused, I started getting hard and once he saw my growing penis, he looked up at me with a half-guilty look on his face.
"It's no big deal, Son." I said. "All guys have dicks, and, dicks get hard. It's no different than last night. You saw mine and I saw yours."
We stood there for about thirty seconds looking at each other. His eyes kept looking down at my rising cock, and I kept getting harder and harder.
"Being curious is natural." I said. "You looked at guys in the locker room at school, didn't you?"
"Yeah, but...." Charles replied, "everyone tries not to stare..... you can't really..... uh...."
"Well I don't care if you look." I said with an even tone. "I'm not embarrassed and you shouldn't be embarrassed, either. It's not wrong to be curious..... to look and compare."
With that, Charles must have decided it was okay to look at my cock, and once I saw it in his eyes, I simply let him. As I stood there in front of him, I got completely erect. At first, it was a little unnerving, but when he continued to watch and looked up at me searching for my approval, I told him both his mother and I had no problems being naked in front of him.
He didn't say anything as he looked at me, and this went on for two or three more minutes before I decided to cut it off by telling him his mother would be home soon and if we wanted to get to the lingerie store, we ought to get going with our showers.
I told him to go with jeans and a t-shirt since that's what I was going to wear and he nodded and then just turned and walked out. I have to say it actually felt good, standing there in front of him naked. And, as I thought about that, my cock stated to throb to the point where I reached down and tugged on it a little bit until I remembered how Beth made me promise I wouldn't jerk myself off before she left for work.
I took a nice, long shower. Relaxing under the hot water as I thought about all the different possibilities, my cock stayed hard and I was daydreaming when I heard Beth's voice.
"You almost done in there?" She asked.
Sliding back the glass doors of the shower, I saw Beth in the doorway of the bathroom with a smile on her face. "Are you being a good boy in there?" Beth asked. "You're not pulling anything in there, are you?"
"I'll be out in a second." I answered, keeping my body behind the frosted doors so she couldn't see my hard-on.
She closed the door and I finished rinsing off, and then got out and dried myself with the towel and hung it up on the towel bar. When I opened the bathroom door and took a step out into our bedroom to get dressed, Beth was sitting on the edge of the bed....... and she was talking to Charles.
He was already done with his shower and dressed, and when I stepped out into our bedroom totally naked, they both looked over at me. Acting as if this was a completely normal occurrence with us, I pretended it was no biggie. Inside, though, my heart was thumping and I was incredibly nervous - unsure exactly how this was going to go over with my wife.
I shouldn't have been concerned, though, because Beth played it perfectly. She casually got up, walked up to me, stood to the side and gave me a quick kiss on the lips. I noticed she didn't block me from Charles' view, but what really caught my attention was the way she pressed her breasts into my body and rubbed them against me in front of our son.
Then, as smooth as you can believe, she said we ought to get going so we could get our shopping done in time to miss the dinner rush at the restaurants. As she said it, she casually walked to my dresser, pulled open my underwear drawer and fished around in there until she pulled out the absolute last pair of underwear I would have selected to wear.
She bought this underwear for me two years ago for our anniversary; sexy male showoff boxers. They were extremely light weight and thin, made of flimsy white nylon with a large opening in the front that never stayed closed. I'd only worn them three times and only when Charles was gone overnight and we had the house to ourselves. They weren't meant as real underwear – they were meant for playtime, and Beth knew that.
She glanced over at Charles and asked how it went with the faucets. Kneeling down in front of me while she carried on the conversation with our son, she held the boxers open and gestured for me to step into them. I went along with her, stepping into the flimsy boxers and stood there while she pulled them up my legs and adjusted them on my hips. The only thing was, my cock slipped through the front opening as she drew them up my legs, and as she stood up beside me, I was left standing there with my cock flopped out in front of both of them
I couldn't have imagined, not in my wildest dreams, what she was going to do next, but, the way she did it made it seem so perfectly natural, I was blown away.
Just as casually as could be, and right in the middle of her conversation with Charles about the faucets, she reached down and wrapped her hand around my cock. She didn't hold it long, maybe three seconds, before she gently pushed it through the fly of the boxers and glanced up at me.
I have to say right here that I could have adjusted this myself, or, she could have done it in less than a second. But, the time she took just holding my cock in her hand in front of our son was so obvious, even I could tell she paused and held my cock for no other reason than for Charles to see her holding my penis in her hand.
And, he saw exactly what she did, there's no question about it. His eyes were glued to his mother's hand as she held me and I'm sure he picked up on the fact that she lingered there too long.
"Okay," Beth said unceremoniously, "I did my part to help get you dressed, you can do the rest yourself."
Then, as nonchalantly as you've ever seen, she took a few steps toward the hallway. "I swear," she chuckled, "sometimes I don't know what the two of you would do without me."
A second later, she was disappearing down the hallway telling me to hurry up and get dressed, adding she'd wait for me downstairs. After Beth had gone, Charles and I made eye contact with each other and we both broke into smiles at the same time. Without saying a word, he turned and followed her down the hallway and down the stairs, leaving me alone in the bedroom to consider what just happened.
As I got dressed, I thought about what impression Beth's bold actions might have left on Charles. What she'd done had an obvious sexual overtone, and she'd done it in such a brilliant, innocent manner. She basically showed Charles that she could, and would, touch my cock in front of him. Not only that, but because she didn't react to the overtly sexual meaning of her actions, I think she set the stage for her to do it again – for her to touch my penis in front of him, again.
I stopped dead in my tracks, though, when I wondered if Charles got the impression she might do the same to him, too.
"Holy shit!" My mind screamed. "Was that her intent? Was she trying to show Charles that she had the capacity to touch him in a way that appeared innocent, but was actually very much sexually motivated?"
I shook my head as I grabbed my keys and wallet and went downstairs to join them. On the way, I adjusted my cock in my jeans so they wouldn't see my excited condition and tried to appear calm, cool and collected when they saw me. And, as I took my last step down the stairs and turned into the kitchen, Charles and Beth were waiting for me chatting away just as if nothing unusual had happened. As soon as Beth saw me, she shook her head in mock disgust and asked me if I was finally ready to go.
"Be nice." I quipped back. "I just spent most of my day replacing the facets in the bathroom for you. I think you can cut me some slack, wouldn't you say?"
Beth sauntered up to me and very melodramatically, gave me a coy face and placed her hands on my chest. "Oh, that's why I love you so much." Beth cooed. "But, we're wasting time, so let's go and I'll thank you properly later."
Driving to the mall, Beth sat in the front seat next to me and reached out to grasp my hand as I drove. Charles was recounting, in detail, our adventure in the bathroom replacing the faucets. As he talked, Beth and I stole glances at each other and smiled back and forth. I could tell from the look on her face and the sparkle in her eyes that she wasn't really paying attention to what Charles was saying. Instead, her head was filled with thoughts about what was going to happen tonight.
But, as we turned into the mall, Beth surprised me when she found the perfect opportunity to glance over her shoulder at Charles in the backseat and told him how much she appreciated our work in the bathroom, adding she'd have to find a way to thank him later, too.
My cock lurched in my jeans as she turned back to the front, glanced at me and squeezed my hand as she grinned.
As I parked the car, Beth shifted in her seat. She took a deep breath and started to speak as she looked back at Charles from time to time.
"Normally," Beth began, "I wouldn't dare drag either of you shopping with me because I know how much you loathe following me from store to store, looking at your watches and wondering when I'll be done."
"But," she continued, "if we're going to relax the dress code at the house and be running around in our underwear, I'd like to pick out some nice things, and, I'd appreciate your opinions. So, I know this might be asking a lot, but, if you can put up with this long enough for me to find what I'm looking for, we can get out of here and find a place to have a quiet, peaceful dinner at a reasonable time."
"Sure." Charles agreed. "I'm cool with that."
Beth looked at me, and I agreed too. "Okay then," Beth said, opening the door, "let's go."
As we walked away from the car, Beth reached out and hooked her arm in through Charles' arm, and then did the same with me. She smiled as we walked together, arm-in-arm, the three of us together.
"I like this." Beth giggled as we walked. "I've got the two men I love the most in the whole world right here beside me. Think how jealous all the other women in the mall will be when they see me with you two cuties."
You should have seen the way Charles started to beam when Beth pulled Charles and me closer into her and chuckled out loud. "Now, if I catch either of you looking at any other girls while we're here, you're dead meat." She said, jokingly. "You're my guys, so no wandering eyes."
I'm never surprised at the way Beth can come up with the most unique way to say something. Of course, I knew this was her way of continuing the euphemistic pressure on Charles. She wasn't being explicitly obvious about anything, but, the connotations of what she'd said was so clear, I'm absolutely confident Charles' mind had to be in overload by now.
Beth was still smiling as she guided us into the anchor store at the end of the mall. We rarely shop there because the prices are typically beyond what we're willing to pay. But as we approached the entrance, she casually mentioned they had a very large lingerie department with some really cute things.
We had to ride the escalator upstairs to find the lingerie department, and as we rode, Beth whispered to the two of us we should probably stay together so the other women shoppers wouldn't be alarmed by two men roaming around the racks of bras and panties while they shopped for their own intimate apparel.
It made sense to me, and as we stepped off the escalator and wound our way into the sea of soft and silky bras and panties, Beth pulled her arms away from us and led the way with us right behind her.
At first, she just browsed – looking around at the displays as we came upon them. After a few minutes, she seemed to be more dedicated about where she was going and before too long, we were standing at a display rack of very shear bras and panties.
Watching her reach out and pull one of the bras from the display, she ran her fingers underneath the cup of the bra as if to see how sheer it was. She needn't have done that, because anyone could see that it was absolutely see through. Her fingers were perfectly visible, and as I looked over at Charles, he looked back at me and raised his eyebrows.
"What do you think?" Beth asked, looking first at me, and then at Charles. "These might be comfortable for lounging."
"Yeah." I said, immediately. "I think they're perfect."
She reached out and picked up a pair of matching panties and held them up. They were just as sheer as the bras were, with the exception of the patch of cotton sewn into the crotch. She turned directly to Charles and held the panties out, thrusting them into his hands. "Do you think these are cute?" She asked.
It was probably mean of her to put him on the spot like that. Poor Charles turned red and looked at his mother not exactly sure what to say. He tried to say something intelligible for a few seconds, but Beth didn't let him flounder very long. Taking them back in her hands, she simply said she liked them and didn't really care if we did, or not.
Charles and I watched as she picked through the racks and selected three of those mesh bras: one pink, one white and one beige, and then picked out matching panties of the same color. There was no doubt in my mind that these would do absolutely nothing to hide her breasts, nipples and pussy from her son's eyes.
She handed me the thin garments, asking me sweetly if I could carry them for her while she looked around some more. And, as I took them for her, she saw a display that caught her eye and walked in that direction, leaving Charles and I standing there looking at each other. He got a small smile on his face and in less than a second, we were both nodding our heads in silent agreement that so far, the shopping trip was going well.
We caught up with Beth as she was looking through a rack of slinky camisoles. "These are so comfy." Beth said, looking at me. "You wouldn't have to wear a bra with these, you can just kinda let 'em hang out."
The camisoles were light and silky. They had a deep scoop in front front with lace across the bodice, and as she reached in to select one marked a size larger than she needed, I knew it would hang so loosely on her, her bare breasts would easily be visible from the side and down the front if she bent over. "This will work." Beth said, turning toward Charles to see if he'd carry it for her.
Unfortunately, Charles wasn't paying attention and he didn't hear her. He was standing next to us, but, his attention was thoroughly captivated by the display of panties no more than five feet away from where we were standing. Beth quickly glanced at me, handed me the camisole and walked to another display and began looking.
"Come on, Buddy." I said to Charles, leaning in close to him and gesturing over to where his mother was now browsing.
Charles seemed startled when he finally heard me, and then realizing his mother wasn't next to him anymore, he looked up at me quickly and nodded his head. Together, we walked around the racks and joined Beth while she looked at a few more bras, but, she elbowed me after a minute and pointed to Charles without drawing any attention. Curiously, he was once again looking at that same display of panties. Obviously, there was something there that caught his eye.
We both watched Charles as Beth picked out a silky yellow bra and the matching panties. The whole time Beth stood at the rack, she glanced up at Charles every thirty seconds to see if he'd turn around and pay attention to what she was doing. But, he never did. I even rustled against the rack trying to make some noise, but he never noticed.
Beth and I looked at each other and then back to our son. I hunched my shoulders when she glanced over at me and she seemed just as puzzled as I was. Then finally handing me the bra and panties she'd selected at that rack, she walked right up to Charles, hooked her arm into his and took him directly to the display he'd been staring at.
I followed them over there and stood behind Beth as they looked at what was there. She still had her arm hooked into his, and I overheard her when she leaned in toward Charles and spoke very softly.
"You like these?" Beth asked, quietly. "You've been staring at them for the last ten minutes."
Charles turned around to look at me, and when he did, his face was beet red. It was like I'd just caught him with his hands in the proverbial cookie jar. It was a mix of panic and guilt, and as soon as Beth saw it, she tugged on his arm and asked him again if he liked these panties.
Charles nodded his head and upon seeing that, Beth reached out to pick up a pair of the panties from the display and held them up.
Obviously, these were not your normal, everyday panties. They were clearly much fancier than that, made from a very soft and shiny fabric. But, that wasn't the thing that made them unique. It was the rows of curly ruffles across the back of the panties that made them so unusual.
"They're cute." Beth said, holding the panties up in front of Charles. Then, handing them to our son, she reached out, picked up another pair and turned to face Charles. "Don't they look comfortable?" She asked, softly.
Charles had to clear his throat twice before he could answer her. "Yeah." He mumbled. Then, turning to look at me again, I saw the blush on his face spread to his neck and ears, and I immediately knew something was going on with him.
"Maybe I should get a pair." Beth said in an upbeat tone.
"Uh huh." Charles said, quickly.
"Actually, these are really cute." Beth added. "I like the ruffles. It gives them that innocent 'girly' look. Right?"
Charles looked back at me again, but this time he didn't make eye contact for long. As soon as I looked at him, he immediately turned back to his mother, closed his eyes and answered her by nodding his head.
Very casually, Beth reached out to take the bras and panties I was carrying from me. She pointed over across the main aisle into the sleepwear section and asked if I wouldn't mind going over to see if I could find her a simple, rayon nightshirt. "Something not too long, and not too short." She asked. After she said it, she gave me a steady stare and told me to take my time.
Okay, I'm not stupid. I know she was asking me to give her some time alone with Charles. So, just as calmly as she asked, I said, "Sure, I'll go see what I can find."
I left them standing there, and calmly walked out of the lingerie department, crossed the main aisle and disappeared into the sea of racks and displays of robes and nightgowns. I was temped to turn back and look at them, but I didn't. I waited until I'd crossed behind numerous displays, snaked my way along the wall and ducked behind a tall rack of thick, terrycloth robes that were hanging up.
I edged my head around the display until I could see Beth and Charles standing closely together. It looked like they were whispering, with Beth leaning in and looking up at Charles' face. As I watched, he turned to see if he could see me, and then satisfied he wasn't being watched, he turned back to his mother and said something to her.
I watched for a couple of minutes as they spoke back and forth, and then was completely taken aback when she reached up to his cheek and brushed her thumb across his face. I'd seen her do that numerous times when he was a kid – when he'd start to cry and she'd use her hands to wipe away his tears.
Of course, I was concerned and had no idea what would bring our son to the point of tears in the middle of a department store. But, knowing this had something to do with the fact that we were in the lingerie section of the store along with the panties they were looking at, I was sure Beth was better off handling it than I was.
I watched them for a few more minutes. They were looking at the panties again and Beth was reaching out to the display and turning to look at him as she did. Soon, she seemed to be smiling and had even nudged Charles playfully and given him a quick hug as they stood there.
Charles turned to look for me again, and not seeing me, turned back to his mother. The next thing I knew, they were walking between the racks and talking back and forth as they walked directly to the sales counter where a woman smiled at the two of them while she rung up and wrapped Beth's new lingerie in a fancy shopping bag.
Seeing them turn toward where I ought to be, I immediately looked around and luckily found a rack of nightgowns close to where I was hiding. Facing away from where they would come from, I began calmly looking through the rack of nightgowns knowing any second they would stumble upon me and I wanted it to look like I was trying to find the rayon nightgown she'd sent me to find.
"Having any luck?" I heard from a few feet away.
Turning to glance over at Beth and Charles, I made a frustrated face. "There's probably a thousand nightgowns here." I replied. "I can't find what you wanted. I'm not even sure they carry something like that."
"Oh, forget it then." Beth chuckled. "We've spent enough money here already. And besides, I bet the two of you are hungry by now."
On the way out of the mall, I couldn't detect anything out of the ordinary with Charles or Beth, so I decided to let it go for now and made the decision that tonight would be a good night to treat the family to Charles' favorite steak house. And, not much longer after that, we were sitting in the restaurant looking at menus.
After a few minutes, Charles excused himself to go to the restroom, and when he did I asked Beth what happened back at the store. What she told me took my breath away and caused my cock to harden.
Apparently, Charles was very interested in the ruffled panties. "Very interested." Beth emphasized. I didn't really understand what she was saying, but when she spelled it out for me, saying Charles was interested in the ruffled panties for himself, I was stunned.
"He was so embarrassed." Beth explained. "He started to cry. He wanted them so bad, I finally told him I'd buy a pair for me, and, a pair for him if he'd be brave enough to wear them with me."
"He's afraid of what you'll say." She added. "I told him you'd be fine with it, but, you're going to have to convince him of that. Okay?"
At that instant, I got a vision of my son standing naked in front of his mother as she dressed him, bending down to pull the ruffled panties up his legs and tucking his hard, straining cock down into them. Totally immersed in that vision, I was unable to answer Beth until she called my name a couple of times to get my attention.
"Yeah." I said. "Of course. I'm totally fine with that."
To be continued.