All my stories are of course fiction and/or fantasy:
I miss the good ol days.
I remember back in the 70's things were easier for a cfnm guy. Back then there wasn't a cell phone with a camera in everyone's hand or pocket. For outdoor, public, or semi public, cfnm activity there was little worry someone might take your photo. And to call the authorities on you, they had to be home or near a payphone.
The following is something I enjoyed doing on more than one occasion.
One night, when i was home from college, I came home on time as I almost always did. After knowing my parents were soundly asleep I sneaked back out of the house. Rolled my dad's car out of the driveway and down the street before starting that noisy old diesel engine.
From there I drove downtown. We lived in the suburbs of a large southern city and everything pretty much closed up in the suburbs even on weekends. But downtown bars and nightclubs stayed open late after midnight.
This particular night I drove around and found a nightclub I wasn't really familiar with. I was still under 21 so I couldn't go in the club, but i parked towards the end of the parking lot away from the club and got out of the car. I walked the length of the lot checking things like how well lit the was and did i see anyone sitting in any cars. I also checked where cars might enter or leave the parking lot and did i see any security around. In those days there might be bouncers at the door and inside, but rarely outside in the lot.
After checking things out I walked back to my car, took one last look around, then stripped off my clothes and laid them in the car. There I was standing bare ass naked in the parking lot of this night club. After mustering a little more courage and starting to sport a hard-on I started making my way back across the parking lot towards the club entrance. About 1/2 way down the lot I stopped and kind of crouched behind a car and waited. Sometimes I had to wait a bit before someone would drive into the lot or someone come out of the club. When I'd see someone, if it was guys, or gal with a guy, I'd stay hidden waiting. Also, if it was a girl alone i'd play it by ear depending on the feeling i had about her manner or vibes she gave off. Usually I avoided girls alone as I didn't want to really scare them or freak her out.
My goal was not to scare anyone. I mean I knew i'd probably shock them, but i didn't want fainting for frantic screaming or anything like that. What I preferred was 2 girls together. When I saw 2 girls come out of the club I watched which they they were going to their car and I cautiously moved between the cars to try to get between them and where they were headed. I was always aroused but would rub myself up even more. If things worked out right I'd stand up and walk out from behind whatever car i was hiding behind and get into the view of the 2 girls continuing to pull my pud. On this particular night things went almost as perfect as I could have imagined.
There I was, standing butt naked, except for shoes, in front of these 2 girls. Remember I'm not even 21 yet and they have to be since they were in the club. So here i am, naked, jacking off in front of these two girls in the parking lot. They both stopped and stared not saying a thing. Then they started to kinda giggle and made a couple of comments like "well you look like you're having a good time" and "I can't beleive you're doing that." I was in heaven and just kept jacking. I wanted to come in front of them, but like i said, things went ALMOST perfect.
I'm standing there completely naked jacking off. they are watching and joking to each other, and I'm wanting it to last until I can come. But then one said something like you know you're gonna get in trouble doing that, and turned to her friend and said lets go back in. Well that was my Que to start running between the cars back towards my car. I'd duck down to they hopefully couldn't easily see me and when I reached the car. At the car I'd jump in, crank it up and drive away.
This scenario worked for me many times. Once again, the scenario worked for me in my head since this is fantasy fiction...