"I wish Jacob had not had second thoughts and made me go to bed in my room.
The ghosts might come back. It feels so very strange to sleep without wearing clothing to bed." Maria Blanco lay there with only a thin sheet covering her body. Staring at the ceiling she reflects back to the last three days of her new life here at the Barnett Ranch. It was such an extreme change from her childhood experiences. Her Mother Esperanza led a fruitful, lucrative life beyond their home in Colombia caring for Maria in the safest of environments. Esperanza kept her hidden gem away from society, predominantly from men. Being raised by a live in Nanny with direct orders to show no signs of what man's world was like left Maria zero knowledge, zero contact. Then came Oscar Barnett, swooping Esperanza off of her feet with riches and prestige. Suddenly, Maria was confronted by this new man in both of their lives. Oscar seemed respectful and did treat Maria well, perhaps her Mother decided that it was time.
Maria knew her Mother worried still, leaving her here with Oscar's five very adult sons to care for her while away on their honeymoon was a big step. Not knowing what to expect from all men Maria adapted. Her shyness troubling her Maria even made her Mother a promise to be a changed woman, not the girl she was a few weeks ago, being seventeen only one week ago, eighteen now. Esperanza undoubtedly had to make a choice due to Oscar, hoping for the best until she could return home and care for her all over again.
The whole Man of the House concept clued Maria in that she herself needed to take her life into her own hands. Determined more than ever to become a woman and learn what it meant to men became her goal. Shyness remaining, but fought back as much as possible she thought that she was winning. Yes, and no. Being impressionable and desiring to be liked was only leading her youthful naivety down a very dark path. A path that the five Barnett Boys were abusing, twisting their own sexual misdeeds to teach her what they wanted from this new baby sister. Let her think she was their pride and joy. She was being trained to be a good little whore, slowly and deeply organized. Keeping her entertained along the way and showing her what sex was without going to the point of immediate control was smart. If she thought she was being helpful, then...she was.
Not that the Boys didn't have good intentions in the long term, each of them had a certain charm, a gentleman's quality, yet their Father groomed them on how to be men of power. They always got what they wanted. Maria was just a toy. One very beautiful young toy. Each day going forward the boys wanted to teach her more about sex without calling it that. Touch, taste, freedom of the flesh. Lies were mounting, lies that she believed without question. Maria acting childlike still, only assisted in that. Everything was fun, thus far.
In the darkness, Maria could hear the sounds of howling in the distance. It scared her, the shadows of the moonlight through her windows making things even more eerie. The talk of ghosts amongst the boys brought out a fear within her. Seeing Aunt Harriet and the ghosts of other men in her bedroom challenged her emotions. At midnight she still lay awake, only picturing the boys massaging her everywhere kept her company. Their touches created new sensations that she had never known but was enjoying immensely. The more they did it, the more she missed it when their touch was gone. What troubled her was just how much pain they had, their...dicks so swollen and purple from the evil white stuff within. Men were so very tortured she thought. They were always so grateful when she helped them purge the evil stuff from their bodies. It made her feel special to know they needed her so. Along the way they were coaching her on how to be what a man wants her to be. It was...interesting.
Here alone in her room she was instructed by Jacob to explore her body more. He called it getting to understand your flesh. Of course, she touched herself her entire life but not to the knowledge of what her sexual organs could excite. Now that her clit was so very sensitive she liked touching it, even more when the boys touched it. When Owen licked her there it was indescribable, it literally made Maria black out from how intense the pleasure was. Something they called an orgasm. She liked orgasms.
Trying to ignore the howling outdoors she decided to touch her clit, rubbing it softly, wetness forming without very little difficulty. Thinking of the boys massaging her helped her sensitivity grow. She wished one of them would check on her, offer to keep her company. She was becoming dependent on the Barnett's to not feel so alone in this new world. Whimpering at her fingertips gliding over her clit she closed her eyes and just lived in the moment. Needy beyond measure she kicked her covers away with rambling toes to better free up her actions. Becoming verbal in her brisk rubs she has no clue just what her words should be. All she knew was she hated being alone. Even Aunt Harriet would be welcomed at the moment. As long as she came alone.
"Someone please come for me." She begged the darkness. "I am frightened."
To make matters worse she hears a click next to her, the balcony door had come open and a draft of air entered the room by storm, her thin drapes billowing about. Tensing up at the possibility of an intruder she swiftly bolted from her bed to the far side and crouched on the floor. When no one entered she found the courage to make the walk around her bed and shut the door. Pouting at the calm suddenly, she returned to bed. Settling in she resumed her touching. She was trembling heavily at how good it felt. Spine arching, her ass lifted from the bed she felt something brewing within her. All new to her perceptions it was possible that she was building her own orgasm. Tyson did say it was good to know what you yourself can do. All of the Barnett's shared that same bit of inspiration.
Just as she nearly reached a no turning back point, her bed began shaking. Almost as if it were rising up from the floor. Even the room itself had a buzzing noise, like bees. Panic removes her fingers and her tempted hormones retreated to terror. Her first thought was that the ghostly men were coming for her. Jumping from her bed she raced to her bedroom door and opened it, running out into the hall. Going instinctively next door to Tyson's room she knocked but no one answered. Room to room she went knocking. No Wiley. No Matthew. No Owen. Were they all gone?
Finally, at Jacob's room she just opens his door and walks right in. She heard snoring almost mistaking it as the bee buzzing until it grew louder. Tiptoeing to his bed she realized that he was on top of his covers naked. The largest of the Barnett's at 6'8, 330 pounds of pure muscle and hair it was like walking in on a slumbering bear. Moonlight filtering over him she discovered something even more intimidating, his cock was enormous. The biggest of all the boys. Her entire forearm and then some. So hard, so thick, so painful looking. "Poor Jacob. He must hurt so badly." Poor Maria, she must really be just that stupid. "I hope he doesn't wake up angry after he decided to send me back to my room."
Standing over the side of his bed fidgeting she worried that barging in here like this that he would be mad at her enough to punish her. As hulking as he was she was terrified of a temper, even though she knew first hand how caring he was toward her that first night at Longhorn Manor when she got drunk.
He stood by her while she threw up, comforted her in her time of need. That in itself found a soft spot in her soul for him. For three more minutes she stood there silently, lifting her body nervously up on her toes uncertain what to do. Finally, a really loud snore woke the gentle giant from his own slumber. Clearing his throat he rubbed his beard and scratched his belly. Eyes wincing in the darkness he discovered Maria with her arms held behind her back, chest high and irresistible.
"What in the--Maria?" He growled. "I thought I told you to go back to your room."
"I am scared. My bed moved. There are howls outside, the door blew open. Can I...sleep with you?"
He knew that his brother Matthew had tinkered in her room to make things appear haunted, all in fun to get a reaction just such as this. He was just the lucky one to be first to get a visitor due to it. So he thought.
"Aunt Harriet telling you to be a woman again?"
"No. I think the men that...tortured her want to torture me now. Is...that what she is doing?"
"She was the lady of the house long before we came into the world." Jacob grumbled looking at Maria's beauty. Reaching to his left he turns on an oil lamp and lights the room in a romantic glow. Her body illuminating made him smirk. "Crawl on in here with me."
She jumped at the opportunity as he pulled her over on top of him and made her lay face down on his frontal. Her lower body pushed his erection down under her belly. He was so warm and cuddly with all of his body hair. Wrapping his arms around her he holds her tightly against him.
"Better?"
"Yes. Thank you for letting me stay."
"Now I'm wide awake."
"You sleep naked too."
"Yup! Hate clothes when I don't have to wear any. Bad for ya wearing clothes to bed."
"I swore off clothing."
"I heard something about that. I never thought you should wear clothing anyway. You're too cute to be covered up."
"You...like me naked?"
"We all like you naked. Don't you ever cover up again. You hear me Missy?"
"Yes. I won't. I'm glad you like my body. Is that what a woman would say?"
"One thing. A woman wants a guy to look her over, feel her up, kiss on her."
"Kiss? I...have never been kissed before. I mean...not...like how Mother kisses Oscar."
"Want a few pointers?"
"Your dogs?"
"Noooo." He chuckled his laughter bouncing her over him as she teases his chest hair with a nail. "I guess they are Pointer's. Not what I meant though. Pointers as in my showing you how to kiss a guy."
"You want me to kiss you?"
"Only if you wanna learn how."
"I do." She grows excited.
Wincing a bit he reaches his mighty arms lower and plants his palms on her butt. Gripping her cheeks he slides her up further over his chest until her face was next to his. His huge cock slid right over her clit causing her to feel it's friction. Eyes flaring she sighs, "That felt nice."
"What did? Your nips rubbing over my chest?"
"That felt nice too." She rubs her thighs along his crown now that he was the closest to reach under her new seating.
"Ohhhh! You liked my dick riding right up into your labia didn't ya?"
"What is a labia?"
"Pussy lips. Here. Let's do that again...it eases my pain some."
"I knew you were hurting."
"I fell asleep to ward off the pain...now that you woke me up it's a nightmare."
"I'm sorry Jacob."
"Well, now that you're here you're making it up to me. My pain gets worked out or you're going back to your room."
"Nooooo! Please don't make me go back there again. I will use my hands to get the painful white stuff out of you."
"Oh, I'll be helping you do that. If you wanna stay here then you're going to learn a few things."
"Are you going to massage me?"
"Nope. You're going to massage me. All night long if need be."
"I am awake, I will."
"Good." He gruffly picks her up by her hips and brings her back down over the length of his beast and thrusts his hips upward while holding her against his cock. His dick rolled repeatedly within her cute labia. Eyes brightening up at how good each pass of her clit was she sighed.
"That feels good Jacob."
"You do it to me now. I'm just gonna lay here."
"Okay." She applies her own gyrations over his girth and whimpers, "I can feel it throbbing."
"It's the white stuff wanting out. Move your thighs faster." He lays back watching her increase the speed of her hips rubbing over him. "Fuck that feels good. You're a talented lil' slut Maria."
"I like being called a slut? Why do my brothers call me that?"
"Oh...uhhh? It's the best compliment a woman can get from a man if he likes what she's doing for him."
"Oh! Then you may call me a slut. I like it."
"I can do that. You are one sexy slut."
"Thank you. I want you to feel good."
"Get up here." He grips her again and brings her back up to his face and kisses her right on the lips, her hips were still gyrating but over his abs. Palming her face he kissed her long and hard, her whimpering feeding into her enjoyment. Once she got a taste of making out he let her take over. She could not get enough of his lips.
While she grew invested in his breath Jacob's hands roamed her backside, palming her ass cheeks again and just letting her rub his abs with her pussy. For a better feel he took a brief release to drag her legs to each side of his waist. The new sensations of a deeper rub over him made her squeal. Hands back on her ass he pries her cheeks wide and uses a single thumb to rub her butt pucker. She was wiggling all over him trying to keep her sensitivity heightened. Jacob was having a blast at her expense.
Parting lips he growled, "My turn." In a bold move he rolled over in his bed taking her to her back and hovering over her. Her innocent eyes refused to even blink wondering what he might do to her. Easing back a bit on his knees he leaned down and kissed her tenderly, each time she tried to take control he backed off. Finally, he stormed her neck and kissed her throat. She caressed his shoulders whimpering at the ticklishness caused by his beard. Feeling his monster cock rubbing over her clit at his own encouragement she began moaning.
"You must really like me."
"I do. I adore you Squirt."
"I adore you too Jacob. Am I...still a good slut?"
"I expect better. Before your Mom gets home you're going to be the best."
"Teach me."
"All of us are doing that. Never be scared of what we do. No matter what it is."
"I will not be afraid." He said nothing further, choosing to kiss her neck and shoulders, before moving to her chest, kissing her nipples made her giggle. "Wiley and Matthew squeezed my boobies but you are the first to kiss them." He grinned at her smile then devoured her left nipple whole into his mouth sucking them. The sensations drove her insane, unable to keep her hands away from his hair. Not until he moved from one nipple to the other did she gasp, "Nooo! Don't leave it." Once he found the other nipple she cooed and felt content. The second he stopped Jacob crawled higher over her until she felt his dick rub over her belly. Up until his crown crossed between her breasts she whimpered. "What are you doing?"
"Titty fucking you."
"What is titty fucking?"
"This." He reaches in and crushes her breasts around his dick and begins thrusting up through them. She panted heavily and tilted her chin to watch as best she could. In doing so his fist sized crown pelted her chin, often crossing up to her lips. She couldn't keep her mouth from expressing awe so the crown entered her jaw without too much trouble. She took the punishment not realizing what it meant. He wasn't forcing it in her mouth, merely taunting her with the possibility.
"I think I felt the white stuff on my lips."
"It's...pre-poison."
"Poison? It is bad for me?"
"No. It's bad for me, good for you. The white stuff destroys a man on the inside but once it leaves our body it becomes good for you."
"I remember your brothers telling me that. It must be true."
"A good slut begs for it to leave a man."
"I did that in the gym. Let me try." She bubbles up under his constant chin impacts. "Come to me. Please come to me. Do not hurt Jacob anymore." He wanted to laugh but remained tough.
"It's going to need more effort than that Maria. I need to try something else." He releases her and backs up. Reaching back in he tosses her on to her belly then under her to coax her ass in the air. Her face in his pillow he straddles between her thighs and rubs his dick along her pussy, his crown still very near her breasts in her doubled over state. Hand on her ass, the other rubbing her spine he faked fucked her without penetration. She found this new position appealing even though she couldn't see Jacob. "This here is called Dry Humping. Dry for now until the white stuff explodes out."
"Is there a wet humping?" She questioned in her muffled voice.
"That requires penetration. I'm not going there yet Maria. I don't want to hurt you."
"Wet humping hurts a woman?"
"At first. Your first time will hurt really bad. It's the only way for a man to escape the white devil for long periods of peace, before he needs to do it again. You're not ready for that pain."
"I do not want to hurt."
"And, we don't want to hurt you. Sooner or later we will need to do that to you though. You just have to trust us Maria."
"I do trust you Jacob. I like this dry humping. Jacob?"
"Yeah?"
"Where do you...wet hump?"
"Right here." He pulls his dick back and lines it up to her hole but doesn't force it in. merely letting her react to his crown where the fun really begins. She yelps and tries to escape but he holds her firmly. "When the time is right...this whole dick goes inside there."
"I will scream." She pouts, "You are too big to do that to me."
"You keep whining I WILL push in. Hush up and learn." She immediately bites her lip fearing penetration. "It's not bad after the first time Maria. Me and my brothers will get you used to it pretty fast once it's over. We can all take turns getting you comfortable."
"All of you will...wet hump me?"
"Couple times a day probably. We hurt a lot these days. Wanna learn a few more things?"
"Yes." She pouts being brave. Gliding his hand up her spine he grips her long black mane and pulls her hair, lifting her face from his pillow, "This is how a man shows a woman that he demands respect."
"I already respect you Jacob."
"Real respect requires more than just a feeling Maria."
"Tell me."
"You as a woman has to be very vocal of how much you appreciate your man even if her gets rough."
"What would I say?"
"Things like...please spank my ass. Please pull my hair, please choke me."
"Choke? That does not sound pleasant. Nor does spanking me."
"You know what? I think I'm getting tired. You better go back to your bedroom before I just take you wet hump style."
"Whaaaat? Nooooooooo!" She panics, "Please Jacob do not make me go to my room. Harriet's men do not like me."
"Are you defying me Maria?" He yanks her hair harder. She yelps but cringes under pressure.
"No! Teach me to be spanked. Choke me."
"You're not ready."
"Pleeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaassssssssseeeeeee?"
Without another word Jacob swats her left ass cheek. Then her right. She whimpers and feels him rub her cheeks where he had left red marks. Just as she settles down he repeats his swatting a second and third set of impacts. "Owwwww!"
"GO TO YOUR FUCKING ROOM YOU WHINEY BITCH." He pulls away from her and lets her collapse on to his mattress. Sitting up on the side of his bed he grumbles until she jumps to her knees and throws her body against his back hugging him from behind.
"I will get used to this Jacob."
"Did I say you could touch me?" He growls as she clings to him trembling. Reaching over his head he snatches up her hair and drags her around him and over his lap. She began crying at his roughness as she lay over him face down. Immediately he blistered her ass five hard times. "When I teach you something you do NOT disrespect me."
"I am sorry Jacob." She endures four more swats until her cheeks become rosy. Finally, Jacob pulls her up into his lap facing him. his monstrous cock the only thing between he and she. Taking her hands he curled both of them around his beast.
"Milk the white stuff out. Do not stop unless I tell you to."
Sniveling she begins moving her hands up and down over his cock, inspired by his strict gaze. She was afraid to look anywhere other than at him. It was almost as if she knew deep down that was what Jacob wanted. In her own naïve way she told herself that it was what a woman would do. If she was wrong she was sure he would tell her, or spank her again.
"You've got some pretty amazing eyes Maria. I like how you study mine to know if you're doing a good job."
"Am I?"
"So far so good. I can feel the white devil following your lead. Keep that rhythm up without wavering and you have him where you want him."
"My hands can barely go around your dick, it's so thick."
"Handsome too isn't he?"
"Yes. He is quite handsome. Jacob? Do women do this to men every day?"
"Three times a day pending on how bad the guy gets. Me? Three is average."
"So I would have to do this to you three times a day?"
"We'll see. Not every day. At least once every other day for certain. Same for my brothers."
"So I would do this five times a day for sure. More if you all hurt really bad?"
"Exactly."
"Do you think they will compliment me by calling me a slut?"
"If they don't I'll make sure they do."
"Good. I want them to be happy with me. Does Oscar call my Mom a slut?"
"Slut. Cunt. Whore. Wench. All of the above. Fuck that feels good Maria. Only thing better would be a blowjob."
"What's a blowjob?"
"It's when a woman sucks the white stuff out of a guy if he's having troubles getting it out the way you're doing it now."
"Suck it out? With my...mouth?" She droops her chin out of shock. It reminded her what Tyson and Wiley had taught her out by the lake and in the stable. My brother's taught me some but I've never...all the way."
"You know of any other way?"
"I...guess not. I...don't think my mouth can go around it." She for the first time lowers her eyes to examine his beefy crown. "Should I...try?"
"You might as well get used to it. You will be doing it to all of us at some point. We're stubborn some days. Go ahead and give it a shot. If you have troubles with him I'll hold your head so he doesn't escape you."
"Okay. Here goes." She crawls carefully from his lap and leans over his erection biting her lip at how best to approach him.
"Tell you what...start by kissing him, then lick it. Once you get his attention he will wanna chase after you. I'm gonna rest back and give you room to work. Maria?"
"Yes Jacob?"
"Don't let him win. Get that shit out of me."
"Yes Sir."
"I like that word Sir. Show's you respect me."
"I do. Lots!"
"Get busy."
She parts her lips first and hovers over his crest and kisses across his urethra a few times before lapping her tongue along his foreskin. Once she captured his taste she flared her big brown eyes with a hint of enjoyment. He knew she liked what she was doing. Clearing his throat to get her attention she opened her jaw wide and wrapped her lips around his girth. Only the crown was sucked on at first, he gave her time to adapt to it. In his thoughts Jacob Barnett had to admire her spunk. "Kid likes dick. Gotta give her credit, she's coming along fast. Matty's right, we'll be fucking her by the weekend. Dad's gonna have fun with this one."
Reaching out he palms the back of her head and gently presses down to force another inch into her mouth. She turned beet red at going deeper. "Take it slow. You have to get used to taking as much in as you can get. Too shallow and it's not gonna listen to you. You have to show it you won't take no for an answer. My brothers are gonna be really proud that you're getting a grasp on how to take care of us. I don't think they wanted to teach you this much, afraid you didn't have what it took. See? You're proving them wrong."
She nods within her mobility constraints and lets him pressure her scalp into taking in a second inch, three in total thus far. "Okay. I'm gonna take my hand away and I want you to pull up and go back down just like your hands would do. Up and down. Up and down with your mouth. Each time you kiss the head then swallow it again. Understand?"
Another timid nod she feels his hand retreat and sits back to watch her do things on her own. Just as he advised she lifted her lips and escaped his crown just long enough to kiss it and take him back in for five thrusts before a repeat performance. Without even asking her tongue licked at his foreskin again before consuming three inches, trying hard to achieve the fourth. He was pretty impressed. Watching his eyes she sensed it too, which made her thrive on doing even better. Letting her do her thing awhile longer Jacob decided to up the ante. "Alright! Keep that up but let's get your hands busy too. Right hand you cup my balls here." He points at his bulbous scrotum and takes her hand to instruct her in person. "Squeeze and make the white stuff flow. This is where it lives, so what you're doing is forcing it to rise against it's will. Your left hand needs to go back to massaging what is not in your mouth." She immediately resumes stroking him and trying her best to keep in synch.
"Perrrrfect! Little girl knows what she's doing. Fuck that feels good you little Cunt."
She moans her thank you and feeds on almost five inches, that was her limit with tonsils intact. Oh, how she tried for more though, it just wasn't possible. Slobbering, her gag reflex took over and she choked, but noted him pointing at her. He looked upset that she might stop, so therefore she persisted. Maria Blanco refused to be a coward. Messy or not the little Miss was determined not to disrespect him again, her ass was still on fire from his spanks. No more of that, she hoped.
Gently Jacob reached out to caress her cheek to support her emotions. By lightly brushing the hair from her eyes with a warm smile as a template she felt as if she were doing everything right. That was all Maria needed. Confirmation!
"Almost there Beautiful. You're a fast learner. I cannot wait to brag to my brothers just how good you are at this. I know you're struggling to take more in but I know you can do it. I have faith in you Maria so...do it." He winked and fondled the back of her scalp tempted to force feed her throat. He knew her tonsils prevented going too deep but his ego demanded more from her. Whining as her nose ran like a faucet she did her very best and managed a quarter inch more in her throats confines. He could feel his crown pushing at her tonsils, the sensation making his eyes roll back. She saw his possessed look and recalled how Wiley had done that. It was just before he shot his load of deadly white serpents tongue. Hearing Jacob groan Maria knew it was his turn. "Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! DON'T LET UP IT'S READY."
Not missing a beat she found her mouth flooded with a detonation that defied description. Not even Wiley or Owen had released so much, yet theirs were not into her mouth. Choking heavily she tried to pull off but Jacob snatched her head and held her firmly. She was not escaping. Long guttural snarls sent three more rushs of white down an already full throat. She was afraid to swallow so much so it began frothing around her lips and even came up through her nasal passage.
Head rush clearing Jacob pinched her nose and held her head tightly over his cock, his balls brushing her breasts as she lifted higher in emotional agitation. "Swallow every drop like I told you to." He made her look him in the eye as he noted her throat taking the pool down her throat and into her belly. Convinced she had nothing in reserve he released his pinch and let her breath. Easing her off of his cock slowly he made certain her tongue was still touching his drooling urethra, final droplets beading on her tongues wag. "Now that saved my life. Good job Maria. Was that so bad?"
"It was...a lot of white stuff. I thought I was going to vomit."
"But, you didn't. You were incredible."
"Am I a woman now?"
"On your way fast Kiddo. Once you reach that wet hump goal..." He ponders deep penetration chuckling in his thoughts, "...dry hump at the same time, we can consider making you a true woman full time."
"What does that mean?"
"It means we get you used to a daily regiment of white stuff. The more you heal us, the more you drain us the healthier we'll all be."
"Will I be...unhealthy?"
"It doesn't work like that Maria. The white stuff in men is volatile. The white stuff in a woman can be too, but not as potent."
"I...have white stuff inside me?" Even in touching herself she had not known much in the way of any thick white release.
"Mine." He chuckled, "But, yes you have your own. Once you're a woman we'll help keep yours in check too. It's the least we can do for you helping us."
"I'm sleepy now." She yawns and crawls to her feet standing between his legs to hug him in his seated position. Reaching out to pick her up he lifts her into his lap and cradles her against his chest. Feeling her warm exhales on his shoulder Jacob collapses backwards taking her with him. She literally fell asleep laying on him.
"Poor kid's drained." He eyes two things, the oil lamp he needed to shut off before it overheated, and the ceiling camera over his bed that had captured their every move. Flipping off the camera's resident viewership he lay there holding her for a good twenty minutes before gently getting up and laying her on his bed. Blowing out the oil lamp he crawled in beside her and draped his body right up against her backside. His dick along her ass crack he felt her nuzzle closer. She liked the feeling of being flesh to flesh. Leaning into her he kissed her cheek.
"Night Baby Sister."
"Goodnight Big Brother." She mumbled half asleep.
The Bear wanted a cave to sleep inside.
Very soon he would move in.
For now, just hibernation.