All individuals engaging in sexual activity are over the age of 18.
*****
Blake grunted hard. He felt like his body was going to explode. The tension continued to build as he pushed with all his might. Just when he thought he couldn't take anymore the pressure seemed to reach a new peak and he gave it one final thrust. The weights on the bench press he was pushing surged upwards and Adam pulled them back onto the rests so that Blake was no longer supporting the bar.
"Anything else you want to work this session?" Adam asked, taking the weights off the bar.
Blake helped with the weights on his side of the bench. "Nah I'm good. I'll spot you on anything else you want to do."
They headed back to the locker room where they both hit the showers. It wasn't a communal shower so there were individual stalls with curtains to provide some privacy. However, it was a college locker room, so those that were proud certainly had no problem walking out of the shower with their towel slung over their shoulder.
Blake was of course one of these types. He barely made any effort to cover himself as he made it back to his locker from the shower, and his shorts were the last thing to put on.
"I'd act impressed but you do the same shit at the dorm room. I think the more you get laid, the less often you keep yourself covered around the house."
"Aww what's wrong buddy? Do I make you uncomfortable?"
Adam chuckled. "Not hardly big boy. Sarah said you basically just stuck it in and hoped its size did the trick. Haven't you heard of motion of the ocean?"
"Haven't you heard? I could care less if they get off?"
"Well aren't you just the regular heart throb? What's the matter, did I make you uncomfortable?"
"I suppose you're gonna give me lessons on laying down dick later? I could watch you and Sarah."
Adam rolled his eyes. He knew Blake was crude but they had a weird friendship. He liked the guy despite his sometimes aggressive nature. The trick was to never let him know he was getting to you. As long as Adam gave it back to him as bad as Blake dished it out, he knew he could depend on the guy.
Blake wasn't surprised to see another note on his door. Once again his name was written in all capital letters and underlined.
BLAKE
I'M BEGINNING TO TAKE NOTICE OF THE FACT THAT YOU ARE IGNORING ME. MAYBE YOU DO NOT REALIZE WHAT I KNOW ABOUT YOU. I KNOW ABOUT YOUR LITTLE STUNT IN ONE OF YOUR CLASSES. SO NOW THE GAME IS GOING TO CHANGE. NOW I AM NO LONGER ASKING, I AM TELLING YOU TO MEET ME IN THE PLACE I PREVIOUSLY TOLD YOU TO MEET ME. IT'S NOT LIKE YOU AREN'T GOING TO ENJOY IT.
...ANATOMY SECTION BETWEEN 1-3PM ON WEEK DAYS. IT'S MONDAY. IF YOU DON'T SHOW UP BY FRIDAY, YOUR ACTIONS DURING YOUR EXAM WILL BE REPORTED. YOU'LL BE EXPELLED, YOUR SCHOLARSHIP MONEY CONFISCATED AND WHATEVER FUTURE YOU EXPECT TO HAVE WILL BE OVER WITH.
-YOU'LL KNOW SOON ENOUGH WHO WE ARE
Now to say that Blake was a defiant person would be like saying that birds fly, fish swim and turtles are often considered slow. His first instinct was to throw the paper in the trash like he had with the other two. But his reaction to ignore this was quickly overtaken by thoughts of anxiety and helplessness.
By Wednesday he was wringing his palms. He was constantly looking over his shoulder wondering who this person could be. Anytime someone looked at him long enough for him to catch their eyes, instead of thinking that they may be admiring him, now he thought they may be the person leaving him notes. He ran through his mental list of all the people he suspected and of course the number one candidate in his mind was Jessica. It made sense. She had to be the only one that knew about giving him her exam.
Friday rolled around and he knew he had to make a decision. He decided he would confront Jessica. If she thought that threatening a guy's scholarship and future was ok, he could at least give her a piece of his mind.
With mid-terms over, they were back to regular lectures and Blake had elected to move to the other side of the auditorium from Jessica. Today however he sat right next to her again.
"Are you lost?" She asked.
"Why because I sat next to you?"
"Yeah, I kind of figured you wouldn't want anything to do with me. We did have an awkward couple of moments last quarter."
"Well now I'd like to know who you told about your little stunt during mid-terms."
Her eyes went wide and she looked panicked for a second. "Why would I tell anyone about that? I'd get expelled. Who the fuck have you told?" She hissed under her breath at a volume she hoped only he could hear.
"Could you sit somewhere where you are not going to be a distraction, Morris?" The professor said loudly. She was in her thirties and looked even more bookish than Jessica.
"Oh, uh, yes ma'am." Blake said standing up.
At least he could cross Jessica off of his list. As 1pm neared he made his way to the library. He couldn't believe how nervous he was. He had the letter in his back pocket. As he walked into the library he didn't go to the front desk to ask for directions. Instead he began to cruise up and down the aisles. He was pretty sure he never actually found the Anatomy section. He was making his way down the history aisles when a man stepped off of the walkway through the library and into the same aisles.
"Is there a particular book you are looking for?" he asked.
"Yeah, I was looking for something to help me with anatomy class."
The man's eyebrow cocked and he tilted his head slightly to the side. "Are you looking for help with the female anatomy?"
"Are you allowed to ask questions like that?"
The man had jet black hair that was long yet bald around the top leaving a horseshoe shaped curtain of medium length hair running around his head. His skin was pocked with acne he and was very very pale. Yet he carried himself with the confidence of someone that was getting laid regularly. He didn't wear glasses and his eyes were green and thin like he was constantly squinting.
The man chuckled an impish giggle. "Only in very specific cases. Of course my interest lies in both the female AND the male anatomy. In this case however you are the young man I was expecting, so I'll ask if you could join me in that study room over there?"
Blake shrugged and followed the man. They weaved through a couple aisles of books and finally came to a private study room that was about 10x10. The man opened the door and Blake stepped inside.
Once they were both inside the man took a small device out of his pocket that appeared to be a wooden wedge or a doorstop and crammed it under the space beneath the door.
"We don't have locks but when people can't open a door immediately they assume it is locked. This should be fine. Now... let's see it."
"Let's see what?" Blake asked looking at the man confused.
"Let's see your dick. What part of 'Those that enjoy the Carnal life' didn't you understand?"
"I'm not gonna show you my dick, you weird pervert." Blake said looking surprised.
"Blake..." the man said putting his hands with all four fingers and thumbs from each hand meeting each other in front of his face. He closed his eyes and continued to pause. Finally after what he deemed a long enough cessation of words he resumed his thought. "I am not the one that was leaving you the notes, but needless to say I know what they said. I am an agent for something far bigger. So far the notes have only talked of consequences have they not?"
"Yeah, they are blackmailing me. They could cause me to be found for cheating and I could be expelled."
"Yes, yes all very negative things. But haven't the notes also talked of positives?"
"Nothing right now other than 'I might enjoy it'." Blake said sounding sarcastic as he said the part from the note. "And let me add, if you try to suck my dick or jerk me off...I will not enjoy it." He made quotation marks with his fingers as he said the last part.
The man appeared hurt by this statement but he gathered himself. "Listen, it doesn't all have to be negative. There are many other privileges to joining our group. We have members that run pretty high up in society and things could go much better for you than just not getting your scholarship revoked."
Blake looked at him for a long time as he seemed to mull it over. Then he let out a sigh and unzipped his pants. He lowered his boxers and allowed his flaccid cock to flop out of the opening in his zipper. It hung down between his clothed thighs and the man's eyes grew big.
"Yep, that's a professional sized penis if I've ever seen one." He said. He reached out as if he was going to cup the head of it in his hand and Blake quickly flipped it back into his pants.
"You said 'see it' you fuck. Now here you are trying to grab it. Whatever it is you need to tell the people that are so interested in knowing what my dick looks like, you should have plenty to go on now."
"What if it is fake?"
"What you think I walk around with a fake wiener taped inside my drawers?"
"Maybe you do when you are going to a meeting of a sexual nature."
"Can I go now?" Blake said letting out a sigh as he zipped up his pants.
"Well, you put it away too quickly." The man said with a slight smile forming on the sides of his lips. "I still need to take pictures."
Blake walked out of the library feeling stranger than he had ever felt since the first time he'd gotten a physical and the doctor grabbed his balls. The strange man from the library milked the whole 'blackmailing' angle, to get whatever he wanted out of their encounter. He'd taken pictures of Blake's cock, he stroked it a couple times, squeezed the head and fondled his balls.
The whole time Blake had unzipped his pants for the second time he noticed the man had a major swelling going on in his pants. Blake felt sick and abused. He just hoped that he would start seeing some of the benefits that the strange man had been talking about. As the thought crossed his mind he rolled his eyes at just how stupid he was being.
"Some ass hole just tricked you into touching your junk." He thought to himself. "Now he's going to go home and jerk off to pictures of your hog on his phone."
Blake got to his dorm room and walked in to Adam and Sarah humping on the community couch in their living room.
Adam stopped mid stroke and looked up at Blake. "Sorry bro. We both figured since you've seen us both naked it didn't make any difference if you saw us both naked together."
"Yeah just don't expect me to watch. You have to pay extra for that." He walked past them without even looking their way and into the kitchenette.
"How was the meeting with the note guy?" Adam asked resuming his business of blasting Sarah from behind as she perched on all fours on the couch.
Blake quietly made himself bowl of instant ramen soup all the while listening to Sarah's moans grow more and more frequent. Finally she arched her back as Adam grabbed her around the chest and pulled her up against him as he felt her pussy clamp around his cock as she came hard. The new tightness pushed him over the edge. Unfortunately for Blake right as he pulled his ramen out of the microwave he turned to make his way to his room. All he saw was Adam's back arch forward as he launched his juices into Sarah.
"I wonder if it's possible to throw up something before you've actually eaten it." Blake muttered as he walked past them.
He made his way to his room where he quietly ate his ramen. He tried to study but his mind kept going back to his meeting in the library. After a few hours went by he looked at his phone to see it was getting close to 8pm. It was Friday night. What on earth was he studying for? He got up and took a quick shower. He spent extra time scrubbing himself after the guy in the library had held it in his hand. When he was finished he got dressed in some hot looking clothes, a comical T shirt and some designer pants.
After an appropriate amount of preening he felt like he was ready to go out. He went through the living room and was glad to see that Adam and Sarah were now in Adam's room. It wasn't long before he was in the garage and firing up his car. He made his way to the first club he could find and pulled into a parking space.
At 8:45pm the club was only just starting to get a few stragglers in. Blake settled in at the bar and started drinking. He had a lot to try and forget about.
By 10pm the club was crowded. People were on the dance floor and lights were flashing in various arrays of color. Blake was good and sloshy and felt like he had achieved the perfect amount of intoxication to go make some mistakes. He staggered onto the dance floor and pretty soon caught the attention of another single dancer. In addition to having decent looks and dreamy eyes, Blake wasn't a bad dancer either and being drunk seemed to aid in this feature slightly more than it inhibited it.
At first he was just dancing by himself, but soon a dark haired girl with olive skin was dancing in front of him and facing him as well. He tried to talk to her but the music was absolutely deafening. Instead he reached out and took her hand into a slightly firm handshake. She laughed at the absurd gesture and allowed him to pull her against him as they began to bounce and dip to the music. More drinks were purchased and more dances were had.
As they sat on the hood of his car trying to see the stars through the light pollution of the parking lot flood lights after last call, she suggested they go back to his place. He was glad that by the time the cab dropped them off he was slightly less blasted than when they left the club. In the light of his dorm room she looked even better without the dark illumination of black lights.
"Are you worried about your car?" she said walking around his room. She looked at his various decorations he had that made the room feel personal to him. He had various theatre masks hanging on the walls, everything from mascaraed to full on Shakespearean era replicas. He sat down on his bed.
"Nah, they don't tow you to encourage people to not drink and drive. If you get it the next day there is absolutely no repercussions." He stared at her while he answered. She was so beautiful. Her hair was long and straight. It flowed down to below her shoulders and she had taken the ribbon out of it at some point that he was not aware of. She turned back to look at him and for the first time he took in her round face with her big brown eyes. Everything about her was soft looking, despite her fit and athletic physique.
"You're really into theatre." She said reaching out to touch one of his masks. She picked one off the wall and placed it on her face. He actually found himself disappointed that her face was hidden behind the mask now.
"Yeah, it was what I really focused on while I was in high school. Now I'm just trying to get a degree in something that can start my career. Certainly not acting though, I'm not good enough at it to try and make it my focus in life."
She kept the mask on and walked up to where she was standing directly in front of him. "You ever fucked someone while you were wearing one of these masks?" She squatted down to where her face was right level with his and even though she was still wearing the mask, he could tell she was raising one eyebrow and looking very intense.
"Pretty forward question don't you think?" Blake said, returning her look back at her.
"Well, let's just say your reputation is a little bigger then you may realize."
"What reputation?" He asked trying to sound ignorant.
"I mean, this isn't a huge college buddy boy. You've been pretty busy for just half a semester."
He chuckled. "And you were the one that suggested we go back to my dorm room."
"Oh you won't be fucking me tonight, Johnny three legs. I just wanted to walk into the lion's den."
"Well don't worry. They've all been consensual so if you say we aren't gonna fuck then we aren't gonna fuck."
She took the mask off and looked at him. Her face actually looked a little hurt.
He grinned from ear to ear. "Hey you said it not me."
"I just didn't want you to sound so nonchalant about it. You could have acted upset or sad or disappointed."
"Disappointed. Lady I'm pretty good at fucking myself. Whether you do it or I do it, I'm getting laid tonight."
"Well then I should probably go home." She said looking at the floor.
He paused to look at her. For some reason he actually didn't like the idea of her leaving. Whether she was going to rock his world or not. Something told him to try and convince her to spend the night.
"Even if you don't want to touch my dick, you're welcome to stay the night. I'll even sleep on the couch despite the unspeakable act my roommate did on it earlier today."
Now it was she that paused for a long time. "Are you the same Blake Morris that all the girls on campus warn each other about? Because this doesn't sound like you at all."
"Yeah I know." He said. "I am kind of wondering what is wrong with me also."
He had some pajama bottoms and a white T shirt which he gave her to change into. When she came back into his room from the bathroom she looked absolutely stunning. The bottoms were baggy on her and the shirt was about 3 sizes too big for her but to Blake she looked incredible. He was a larger man after all and she was an average size girl. While she was changing, he put on some basketball shorts. He was going to elect to not wear underwear beneath them, but he didn't want to be too obvious.
When she walked in she gazed at his naked chest.
"So you forced me to be modest while you go shirtless? This isn't fair at all."
"I'm sorry, I can put a shirt on."
"No that's ok. I think I'm kind of impressed. You put yourself at the disadvantage instead of me."
They went to bed with him sleeping on his side while she slept on the other side of the bed. However as soon as she could hear him breathing rhythmically she shuffled up against him and went to sleep with his arm around her.