Disclaimer: Everyone in the story is 18 years old or older at all points. Any resemblance to any person, living or dead, is happenstance.
When we arrived at the hotel, Alex handed the car off to the valet and whisked me through the lobby and up to his room. We didn't talk as he ushered me into the large bathroom and turned on the rain shower.
"Let me help you," he said, gently removing the clothes Elissa had given me.
After ensuring the shower was hot, he helped me under the spray. Then, with my eyes closed, I stood under the hot water, letting the heat soak in.
I could hear Alex moving around the room and assumed he was doing other things until I felt his arms around me. His embrace made me feel safe, and my walls came down for some strange reason. He held me as I sobbed like a baby, not saying anything, just holding me.
"Tell me it will be ok," I begged Alex when I could talk again.
"I don't want to lie to you, Kate," he told me, his head resting on mine, his arms tightened under my breasts. I could feel his cock harden and smile as he pulled away slightly, allowing it to spring up and rest between our bodies against my lower back.
"Someone wants some attention," I commented, wiggling my ass against his pelvis.
Alex kissed my neck, sending shivers down my spine. His hands moved to my breasts, tweaking my nipples as he licked my neck, taking my earlobe into his mouth.
"Fuck," I muttered, pulling away from him. I turned and looked at his hard cock bobbing in front of him before sliding my eyes up until our eyes met.
I was sore from all my body's abuse, but oddly, I was still horny. Reaching out, I gently stroked his cock, sliding my hand from the head down the shaft until I cupped his heavy balls.
He stood under the water as I reached up and grabbed the back of his head, pulling him toward my face.
"Fuck me," I begged, letting his cock go and wrapping my arms around his neck, pulling him close as I kissed him.
Alex didn't have to be told twice. He grabbed my ass and pulled me into the air as he positioned his hard cock under my ass. I released his neck, once briefly, to place his cock against my folds.
We moaned into each other's mouths as he slowly slid my body down the length of his cock. I kept kissing him as he slowly moved me up and down, almost like he used my body to jack his cock off. I didn't mind, coming quickly as he kept plowing into me.
I lost track of how many times I came before I felt his tempo increase. "That's it. Oh fuck. Yes, cum for me, baby. Fill me with your cum. Oh, shit!"
Alex came. His multiple squirts triggered another orgasm, leaving me completely wrung out. I just held on to him as his cock softened inside me, and our kisses turned deeper as he stood under the water, holding me against his body. Finally, I pulled away.
"Waters getting kind of cold," I complained.
Alex laughed and let me slide down his body until I had both feet on the floor.
I felt weak and wasn't steady, so he held onto my waist while he shut off the water.
He held me gently until he could see I wouldn't fall before he released me and grabbed two towels, passing one to me to dry off with.
I glared at Alex as I gently cleaned his cum from my sore pussy.
"You told me to cum in you," he replied, turning away as he dried himself off.
I dressed in a nightshirt and walked over to get something to drink. Then, walking to the bed, I noticed Alex was frowning and answering his messages.
Turning the tv on, I lay and tried to watch, but honestly, I was exhausted. The next thing I know, Alex is snuggling against me, and the room is dark. For the first time in days, I felt safe, which made me feel guilty that it was Alex giving me that feeling and not Rob.
I woke to the sun filling the room with light. I lay and watched Alex as he slept. I closed my eyes and pretended to sleep. He quietly got out of bed and moved around the room.
"Wake up, Kate," Alex said, gently shaking my shoulder.
"Five more minutes, Mom," I mumbled, refusing to acknowledge him.
I thought I had won when the covers were ripped off the bed.
"Why the hell did you do that?" I asked, sitting up and doing my best to glare at him.
"We have things to do today. But, unfortunately, laying around in bed sleeping isn't one of them."
"Fine," I huffed and went into the restroom.
Ten minutes later, I was looking for my clothes when I heard a knock on the door.
"Kate, can you get it?" Alex asked. He was sitting at a table on the balcony, looking at his phone.
"Sure. It's not like I need to get dressed or anything," I said, walking to the door. Glancing through the peephole, I could see it was one of the hotel staff pushing a cart covered in a white cloth.
"Did you order room service?" I asked, glancing over my shoulder at him.
"Yes. Please let them in."
I opened the door and stood to the side.
"Room service," the guy said as he wheeled the cart inside. I could smell the bacon, and my mouth started watering. He positioned the cart by the table and pulled the cloth off the cart. Underneath, there were two cloches covering the dishes. After putting the covered dishes on the table, he turned and handed the bill to Alex.
Alex glanced at the bill before signing it and handing it to me. "Be a good girl and tip the bellhop."
I looked at him, confused for a second before it sank in what he wanted me to do.
Just another day in this fucking nightmare, I thought, smiling at the bellhop.
I decided to go all in and pulled the nightshirt over my head, exposing my body to him.
Walking up to the smiling bellhop, "I am sorry, but all of my money is in my other outfit," I said, stopping in front of him, my naked breasts almost touching his uniform.
"Maybe we can come to some other agreement?" I asked, putting my hand on his cheek before sliding it down until I cupped his crotch. I could feel his cock harden as I continued to rub his groin slowly.
"Hell yeah!" he exclaimed, roughly grabbing my breasts. I let him grope me for a few minutes before slowly falling to my knees. A few seconds later, I had his hard cock in my hands. Then, looking up into his eyes, I opened my mouth and slowly slid his cock in until I had swallowed him whole.
Alex chuckled as he pulled the covers off the food, watching my head bob up and down the bellhop's cock.
"Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Fuck. Oh!" the bellhop exclaimed, holding my head in his hands as he started shooting cum down my throat. Then, after a couple of spurts, he let me go, stumbling backward.
The bellhop was blushing; realizing what he had done, he quickly zipped up his pants, grabbed the cart, and raced for the door.
I chuckled as I started to pull the other chair out so I could sit down to eat.
"What the fuck do you think you are doing?" Alex said, looking up at me.
"Sitting down to eat," I told him, wondering what the fuck had crawled up his ass this morning.
"Bitches eat off the floor. Not at the table like humans," Alex said.
I felt my anger rising and opened my mouth to yell at him when I noticed he kept glancing at the ceiling to his right. It took a second before I got it.
Fucking, Chad. Everything here was recorded.
"Sorry, Sir. I forgot," I told Alex, looking at the floor as I dropped to my hands and knees and waited to be fed.
"Next time, you don't eat," he told me, putting a plate with bacon and eggs in front of me. I was starving, but remembering not to use my hands, I dropped my face to the plate and started eating.
It didn't take long, and all the food on the plate was gone. I looked up at Alex, my face a mess from breakfast.
"I left an outfit on the bed to dress in. You have five minutes before we leave, so hurry up."
I hurried to the bed and grabbed the clothes. Well, more coveralls than clothes.
I would be arrested if I went outside in this outfit.
"Alex, I can't wear this without a shirt. I'll get arrested!"
"Just put it on, Slut, and let me worry about you getting arrested."
It didn't take long to get dressed without a shirt or underwear. If I was careful, the straps covered my areolas, and the bottoms covered about half my ass.
Alex walked up behind me, reaching around and cupping my large breasts. "I love this outfit on you."
"That makes one of us," I told him, leaning against him.
He kissed my neck and pulled on my engorged nipples, causing me to lean back into him and moan.
"Go wash that shit off your face so we can go. Chop chop," he said, slapping my ass as I went to wash up.
I had to adjust the straps multiple times as we walked down the hall to the elevator. Once inside, Alex turned his back to the door and pulled me before him.
"Pull my cock out and suck it, Slut."
I frowned. "Anyone could walk onto the elevator."
"Yes, they could, so you had better get started."
Knowing I had no choice and that disobeying might make things worse, I squatted down and unzipped his fly.
I pulled out the rigid cock and licked the head, tasting the precum that oozed from the tip.
Someone is excited about getting a blowjob in an elevator.I could feel myself heating up and realized he wasn't the only one excited. The fear of getting caught was driving a lot of my excitement.
Alex moved the straps to the coveralls to the middle, exposing my breasts. He pulled on my nipples, twisting them before using them to lift my breasts away from my chest.
Suddenly I felt the elevator start to descend and started sucking harder, trying to get Alex off before the door opened for the person who pushed the button. I could hear the sounds of my sucking and his moaning echoing in the enclosed space.
"Ding" Shit, the elevator had arrived at the floor that called it.
"Close your eyes, Slut. Keep them shut until I tell you to open them," Alex told me as the door opened.
I closed my eyes, shivering as the world went black.
"Hey," a male voice said as a greeting as someone entered the elevator. I could hear some shuffling.
"Holy shit!" the man exclaimed, seeing what I was doing for the first time.
"You're doing good, Slut," Alex told me, petting my head like I was a dog.
"She's cute with a cock in her mouth, don't you think?" Alex asked.
"Ahh. I guess." the man said, followed quickly by, "Aren't you guys afraid of getting busted?"
"Not really. The camera in the elevator isn't working, and if someone got on who threw a fit, I would be gone before security got here."
I could feel the eyes on me but kept mine closed tightly. Being watched was adding to the excitement I was feeling, leaving me wet.
"You want to fuck her?" Alex asked, causing me to almost choke on his cock in my mouth. However, I recovered quickly and kept sucking.
"Seriously? I would love to fuck her, but I'm not paying some prostitute."
"Oh, you wouldn't have to pay for her if you are concerned about that. I'm training the slut for a friend and could use some help."
I felt hands on my shoulders.
"Are you sure that she is ok with that?"
"She is fine with it. It was her idea, actually," Alex assured the other man.
"Slut, present your ass to the man," Alex commanded me.
I couldn't pull away from Alex, he was holding my head, so I raised my ass and wiggled it toward where I thought the man was standing.
"See, the Slut wants you to fuck her," Alex said, slowing my head down until his cock slid in slowly before bottoming out against his pelvis. He held me there a second before sliding my body back until just the head was in my mouth.
I felt hands on my ass, which moved until they touched my barely covered pussy.
"She's fucking soaked," the other man exclaimed before pushing a finger inside me.
"Told you, the Slut will do anything to get fucked. Want a piece of her ass?" Alex said.
"Fuck. Yeah, but my floor is almost here."
"I can fix that," Alex said right before the elevator jerked to a stop.
"Won't they come up here?"
"Yes, but we'll be long gone," Alex assured him.
"Fuck it," the guy said. I felt him release my ass and heard a zipper going down.
"Here, put this on," Alex said.
I felt hands on my ass, pulling the coveralls to the side before a blunt object pushed against my outer lips. The man rubbed his cock between my folds, teasing and getting it wet before entering me.
"Fuck," I moaned around Alex's cock as the other man pushed into me.
"I told you she would like it," Alex commented.
The two men moved my body between them, one cock coming almost all the way out while the other cock went all the way in. They kept the slow see-saw pattern for several minutes before they increased the tempo.
I wonder who has to clean this up?I thought as I felt the saliva and precum from Alex dripping off my face.
I felt an orgasm building as the anonymous guy fucked me hard, but before I could go over, I was caught off guard by Alex when his cock exploded into my mouth.
Alex held onto my head, his cock buried in my throat as he pumped several ropes of cum into my stomach.
He could have at least let me taste it, I thought.
The guy behind me picked up speed and groaned as he buried his cock deep inside my pussy as he came. This triggered my orgasm.
"Oh Fuck!" I mumbled around Alex's cock, as for a few seconds, the only thing holding me up was the cocks buried in my body.
I felt the guy behind me pull out. "Thanks for the fuck, slut," he said, slapping my ass. I dropped to my knees, keeping Alex's dick in my mouth as it softened.
"Hey, any chance that I could borrow her a little later? My best friend is having his bachelor party tonight, and the stripper we hired doesn't allow touching."
"I don't loan out my sluts," Alex said as he pulled his soft cock out of my mouth. "Put my cock away," he ordered me.
I gently put his cock in his pants and zipped his fly.
"Oh, come on, man. My buddy is marrying the first chick that let him fuck her. She thinks that sex is dirty and won't even touch his cock. I tried to talk him out of it, but he is dead set on the wedding."
"Like I said, I don't loan out my sluts. But I might help you if the price is right."
I am not a fucking whore!I thought as I balled my hands, fighting the urge to tell them to go fuck themselves. Even with my eyes closed, I could feel Alex watching me to see if I would say anything.
I felt him pet my head when I didn't, like I was some kind of fucking dog. I pushed my anger down, knowing it would only cause problems.
"The stripper wanted $200 for an hour."
"Yeah, but she wouldn't let you fuck her."
"True," the guy said. There was a pause.
"All I have is $300."
"Normally, she would run $1000 per hour, but since you seem like a good guy, I will let you have her for $300 for the hour."
Now that the excitement of being fucked on an elevator by some random guy had wore off, I started feeling cheap. I tuned them out, lost in my own thoughts as the guy gave Alex his room number and the time I was to show up.
When they finished, I heard a beep and felt the elevator start moving again. A few floors later, the guy got off the elevator, leaving Alex and I alone again.
"You are getting better with your impulse control," he told me, stroking my hair again.
"Ahh, thanks?" I said, keeping my response short.
Alex chuckled. "You can stand up and open your eyes, Kate."
Finally, I thought as I opened my eyes and stood. Looking at the mirrored walls, I could see my face covered in a mixture of my saliva and Alex's precum.
"Don't worry about it," Alex told me when I tried unsuccessfully to wipe the mess away.
The elevator opened to the lobby, and Alex guided me as we walked towards the door. The reactions of the people in the lobby were comical. Some were openly staring at me, surprisingly almost as many women as men. A few women hit the man next to them because of his attention on me.
For my part, I tried to ignore everyone as Alex stopped at the valet. It took several minutes to get the car, the entire time the other valets ignored everyone else as they watched me.
I fidgeted until Alex opened the door, allowing me to escape the stares everyone seemed to direct at me.
Thank God for dark windows, I thought as I looked out.
Alex got in and started driving. I kept looking out the window, ignoring him; for his part, he seemed lost in thought.
I noticed that the buildings were getting older and we passed a few boarded-up houses before Alex pulled into a parking lot in front of a run-down building that housed a full-service salon.
"What are we doing here?" I asked, getting nervous.
"Well, you have a couple of things to do today and honestly, the cum covered slut look isn't what we are going for, " Alex said. "Well not yet anyways."
We exited the car and walked towards the front door.
"Will the car be here when we get back?" I noticed there were several dingy guys hanging around smoking.
Alex laughed, "The car will be fine." He nodded to the group of guys closest to us. "They work for Chad."
He turned to me and dropped his voice, "I suggest you remember that while we are here."
"Hey, baby. How about you come over here and blow me," one of the guys in the group said.
"Fuck. Look at the tits on that slut. I wonder if they are real," another guy said, turning to his friend.
Alex paused at the door. "Show them your tits, Slut," he ordered.
I pulled the straps to the center, exposing my tear-drop-shaped breasts to the assholes leaning against the column.
"Shit!"
The obvious leader of the group pushed off the column and walked towards me with a huge grin on his face.
For his part, Alex just watched as the guy approached us, well me. Based on what my husband had told me, the group, in general, posed little danger to him.
"What do we have here?" he wondered as he stopped before me.
He gave Alex a glance, trying to conceal his nervousness. "This your bitch?"
"I don't own her yet. Right now, she is on a try before you buy arrangement."
"Oh, I like those kinds of arrangements," the guy said, touching my arm with his dirty hands. He ran his hand up my arm until he reached my neck before running it down the center of my chest until his hand rested on my navel.
Getting no feedback from Alex, he slowly walked around me, dragging his hand against my skin.
I shivered as he touched me, causing the guy to smile.
He stopped walking around me when he was between the car and Alex, his hand cupping my right breast. As he twisted my nipple, an involuntary moan escaped my lips.
"Seems the slut wants to be fucked," he said, leaning in to plant kisses on my neck by my ear.
I was shocked at what he said, wanting to deny it, but I could feel my body responding to his casual rough touches. I was mad at myself, hating how I let this complete stranger run his hands over me like he owned me. I could feel tears forming as he grabbed my other breast and started squeezing them.
"Nice car, you got there," the guy said as he brought his face down to suck my right nipple into his mouth.
I fought the urge to put my hand on the back of his head to hold him in place as nips and licks sent chills down my body to my clit.
"Yeah, it's ok, but it gets shitty gas mileage," Alex told him, shifting his weight until he leaned casually against the window, watching the guy sucking my breasts and his friends.
"I bet," he said, pulling away from me. "Be a real shame if something happened to it while you and the slut were inside." He twisted my right nipple a little harder.
Alex smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes. "It would be a real shame if something happened to one of Chad's cars."
At the mention of Chad's name, the guy touching me jerked back, throwing his hands in the air. His friends had a similar reaction.
"Sorry, man. I didn't know," he said, eyes locked on Alex as he slowly backed away.
"Don't worry about it," Alex said, standing behind me. Reaching around, he cupped both my breasts, lifting them up before sliding his fingers to my nipples. I leaned into Alex as he gently tugged and twisted my nipples.
"She is a fantastic looking piece of ass, isn't she?" Alex asked.
I didn't care to be described this way but knew better than to say something about it.
"A lot better than the slags around here," one of the men responded.
"She has an appointment to get some things done here, and to be honest after they finish with her, I don't want her to get dirty before the party."
Alex let my breasts fall and grasped the clips that held the straps onto the bottom of the coveralls. I started shaking as he unhooked one, then the other.
"Please, don't," I begged Alex, not caring if I got into trouble.
"Shhh," he said, kissing my neck behind my ear.
"Tell you what. As a token of Chad's appreciation for caring for his car, the slut will give you a blow job. Right, Slut?"
I was having trouble saying what Alex wanted to hear. I knew the longer I delayed agreeing with him, the worse it would be for me. I swallowed and fought back the tears that threatened to fall and nodded.
"You have to say the words, Slut," Alex said, letting the straps fall to the ground. The only thing holding up the bottoms at this point was my hips, and as loose as they were, it was just a matter of time before they fell, leaving me completely naked.
I took a breath and answered, "Yes. Sir," I added belatedly.
"Good, Slut," Alex said. He pushed the bottoms until they fell to the ground.
"Come and get her boys," Alex said as he stepped back and leaned again on the window.
"Shit."
"Fuck."
"I want that ass."
"Blow jobs only. Anyone tries to fuck her, and well...." Alex stood to his full height and popped his knuckles.
They looked at each other, and I saw them decide not to push things with Alex.
Seeing no way out, I dropped to my knees on top of the outfit I had been wearing to spare my knees as the leader pulled his cock out of his pants and waved it in my face. His cock was about twice the width of my hands in length, nothing special, but he seemed proud of it.
Just wanting this over, I engulfed his cock, taking it down my throat until my face hit his pelvis. I kept him there for a few seconds before pulling back until just the head was in my mouth. A few licks, and I buried it back in my throat.
"Holy shit," someone said behind me as I continued the pattern.
The guy I was blowing grabbed my head, taking control, and began to rapidly fuck my face. Thankfully it was over in about two minutes as he held my face against him while he shot his cum down my throat.
I bet his girlfriend is thrilled with him, I thought as he pulled away, leaving a strand of saliva mixed with cum between his cock and my lips which fell onto my chest as he put his cock away.
The next couple of guys were about the same, and none lasted more than a few minutes. There was only one more asshole left. So after the third guy pulled away, I motioned the last guy over to me.
"The bitch really wants your cock, TJ," the group leader said, causing the others to laugh.
"They always do," TJ said with a smile as he walked up before me.
Cocky asshole, I thought while fishing his cock out. I quickly realized why he was cocky when it was out of his pants. It had to be eight inches long and wasn't even hard yet.
He laughed at my expression, "What's the matter, Slut? Never see a real man's dick?"
"Fuck you, TJ," one of his friends said, causing the rest to laugh.
"Ahh, I didn't mean anything by it, Skeeter."
"Asshole," one of the guys said, but they were all laughing now.
I started stroking the cock in my hands while sucking on the head. I was unsure if I would get much in my throat, but I wanted to try at least.
TJ wrapped his hands in my hair but surprised me by being gentle as he moved his hips and my head closer together. Whenever I gagged, he would pull out and let me recover before trying again to get more of his cock inside.
"Close your eyes, relax, and swallow," Alex told me as I struggled.
Following his directions, I could finally get the head into my throat the next time TJ pushed. A feeling of pride washed through me, followed swiftly by humiliation that I was proud of what I was doing.
The speed of the strokes increased as I became used to TJ fucking my face, and I was surprised when I felt my nose hit his pelvis.
There is no fucking way that is down my throat, I thought as I briefly opened my eyes.
"Fuck, TJ. The Slut swallowed the whole fucking thing," Skeeter said with awe.
"Oh, fuck. Here it comes Slut," TJ said as he grabbed my head and held me impaled on his massive cock. I couldn't do anything as he came hard.
I tried to pull away, hitting his thighs, but he ignored me, holding my face against his pelvis until he finished.
"Let her go," Alex said, stepping up and pulling me off TJ's cock.
I just fell to the ground in a heap, gasping for breath and choking. When I got my breathing under control, the guys were back leaning against the pole where they had been before.
"Time to get up, Slut," Alex told me, standing beside me and not bothering to offer any help. I got to my feet, reaching for the coveralls when he stopped me.
"You won't need that right now."
I gave him a confused look but left it on the ground as he grabbed my arm and pulled me inside the salon.
Once inside the building, Alex let go of my arm and approached the counter where a twenty-something was blowing bubbles with her gum while playing on her phone.
Alex stood there for almost a minute before taking the phone from the young woman.
"Hey, what the fuck are you doing?" the indignant woman asked as she reached for her phone.
"You can have it back after you check the slut in," Alex told her.
She gave Alex a dirty look before turning to me.
She frowned, seeing me standing there naked in the lobby.
"You must be the nooner Chad sent over. Miss Tina has been waiting for you," she said before walking through the curtain into the back. I looked over at Alex and saw a slight shrug.
Great, he didn't know what was going on, either.
Our wait was cut short when the young woman returned, followed by a petite Asian woman who tossed open the curtain.
"Your fucking late," she said.
"You must be Tina," Alex said, extending his hand before pulling it back because of the look she shot him.
"Miss Tina to you, shithead. How do you expect me to finish everything Chad wants if you show up almost an hour late?"
"I'm sorry, Tina," Alex stressed her name. "She had a little entertaining to finish before her appointment."
"Do I look like I give a fuck?" Miss Tina demanded before dismissing Alex and walking over to me. She pinched my sides and lifted my breasts before twisting my nipples.
I went to put my arm across my breasts but was stopped by the look she gave me.
She continued her examination of my body by pulling on my labia before inserting a finger into my pussy.
"The slut is soaked," was her only reply before walking around me. She pushed my upper body forward, bending me slightly at the waist before pushing the finger covered in my juices into my asshole.
"She has a little millage on her, but I think I can do what Chad asked," she said as she pulled me towards the back room.
"You can wait here," she told Alex when he started to follow.
He frowned but sat in a chair and pulled out his phone like it was his idea to wait out here.
Before the curtain closed, I heard the receptionist demand her phone back from Alex.