I walked back to my room, my head spinning. This event wasn't turning out to be the way I'd anticipated at all. I'd expected -- hoped, even -- to get fucked many times over, but not to have been paraded around the town naked, nor to discover I had another aunt, a half-brother and a kind of half-sister, and a half-niece and half-nephew from their incestuous union.
Reconciling myself to the new family members had led to some brutal fucking with them, but also the most tender love-making I could ever remember with my father, which hopefully had made peace with Mom as well. My pussy was aching, and now my brain was struggling to make sense of the meeting with the two young Japanese-looking family members who claimed they were my great-aunt and uncle.
When I got to the room, neither Charlie nor Chrissy were there, so I decided I'd have a nice long soak in the double-sized whirlpool bath. I let it fill up, adding scented oil while I cleaned myself up, especially the inside of my vagina which had taken strapons that had previously been up my and my half-brother's assholes. Then I got into the warm, aromatic water and just lay back, letting my mind play back what had happened in the last twenty-four hours, and speculating how I could possibly have Japanese relations.
The water really worked to relax me, and I felt the ache between my legs recede. I was half asleep when I heard someone come in. I opened my eyes, and saw my pregnant twin sister standing naked, watching me, a line of spunk running down one leg from her pussy.
"Hi Chrissy. I see you've been having a good time."
"Yeah, I've been with Jade. It's amazing how many men love fucking a pregnant woman, so I'm a bit worn out. That bath looks lovely -- mind if I join you?"
She stepped in, and sat down at the other end of the bath, our legs intermingled in the middle, then we both bent forwards and kissed.
"Have you noticed, Suz, how much time Chloe and Lucy have been spending with Jude and Jason? Your girls were in demand, but I'm not sure how many men have fucked them other than my sons."
"Hmm, now you come to mention it, I recognise what you're saying. I wonder if they are two pairs, or whether they treat each other's twin as interchangeable?"
"Who knows, Sis. Shame that Charlie didn't have a twin, eh? We could have made a foursome. I also gather that Luke and Bjorn had a bit of a rough time with the S&M crowd. Apparently, they tried to be all macho so they never actually used the safe word, but they got more than they bargained for. It's so funny, seeing how gingerly they have to sit down. Anyway, Susan, what have you been up to since you upset Mom and Dad so much last night? I couldn't believe you'd be such a drama queen because Dad was unfaithful just the once."
We sat in the warm water, occasionally tickling each other's pussies with our toes, or touching each other's breasts with our fingers, as I told Chrissy everything that had happened.
"Did I really try to get the better of you all the time when we were kids, Chris? I'd forgotten all about that doll until I thought about letting Dad punish me for being, as you put it, a drama queen."
"Well, you did, Suz, but I did as well. Anyway, I got the doll I really wanted in the end, and you ended up without one, so I was happy."
"What do you mean, Chris?"
"Well, I never really wanted the doll you destroyed. I wanted the other one, but I knew if I told Mom I wanted the other one, then you'd go after it. And you did, of course. And it was so funny watching Dad spank you and then you farting!"
"You fucking cunt, Christine. And you've got my husband's baby in your belly. Still, I do love you. We're such stupid sluts, aren't we?"
"I love you too, Susan -- and it's our baby, remember, not mine," she replied, then we moved together for a hug and a kiss that we made linger for ages, before we got dressed, and headed off our separate ways.
"I'm going to get Dad to make love to me tonight, Susan" Chrissy said. "I want him and Mom to know that this daughter doesn't have to have a falling out with them to let them make love to me. Not like someone I know."
Bitch, but she did have a smile on her face, and I went to find Jade and Tony, to meet up with the young Japanese couple who said they were my great aunt and uncle.
When we got to the room number we had been given, and had knocked and been invited in, we found it was nothing like a normal hotel room. It must have been designed as somewhere for special events. At one end there were a couple of beds within some sort of complicated metal framework. Much of the rest of the room was full of what looked like computer and video gear, but there was a table laid out at one end with sushi, sashimi, different sorts of tempura, little bowls of rice, and a series of other Japanese delicacies.
Apart from the computer equipment and food, the room was full of women and men, who all looked Japanese to me. Most of which were young, and while I knew that the family were careful to ensure that everyone was of legal age, but many looked as if they were only just, nor had I seen so many young Orientals earlier in the event. Tony was fascinated by the equipment, of course, but I was just baffled until an older Japanese man came up to speak to us, with the original younger couple next to him.
"Konichiwa" he said, bowing to us. "Thank you for coming. You must be wondering what this is all about? The invitation was designed to intrigue and make sure you came. We're all part of an odd offshoot to the family. Let's grab some food, then sit down, and I'll explain the history."
Luckily all of us loved Japanese food. I was surprisingly hungry, and took a good plateful of what was on offer before sitting down in a group of soft chairs with the others.
"Many years ago, Susan, your great uncle Ebenezer married a Japanese woman, who he met on a trip to San Francisco, where, as you know a lot of Chinese and Japanese had move to, often as part of the Californian Gold Rush. They had two children, a boy and a girl, who were fraternal twins. This wasn't a problem until Pearl Harbour, and then of course, the woman and her children had to be hidden away, else they were going to be interned.
"At that time, another great uncle of yours, Michael, who was a lot younger - just turned eighteen actually - was called up for the Navy. Now, I don't know quite whose bright idea it was, but someone must have decided that given the significant chance he would die in the war, he probably should lose his virginity in the normal family way before he went. Was it some sort of revenge, just availability, or the lure of the unusual, because the woman he ended up fucking was Ebenezer's half-Japanese daughter? Or some say it was that the twins wanted a family with each other, but had been persuaded of the dangers of it, especially because if there were any problems with the baby, being part Japanese, it might not get all of the treatment it deserved.
"Anyway, whatever the reason, and whatever the intent, the girl fell pregnant, and had a son. On the family tree, this son, who everyone calls Mike rather than his proper Japanese name, is at the same level as your father. He's over there, by the way, looking after the video equipment. Now Mike, having survived the war, decided that this branch of the family should have been properly Japanese, so he finds a Japanese woman to marry, Suki, also over there with him.
"Now they had two children. One of them is me, Shuji, and the other was Ichiko, my sister, who is also over with my parents. Ichiko and I tried to have children ourselves, hoping to keep the racial character intact, even though we knew it was risky. It turned out that we were unlucky. One baby was stillborn, and the other survived just a few months. We were devastated. It was clear to us then that we had too many bad genes in common, and that we'd have to revert to family tradition.
"We decided we needed to move away from close genetics, but Mom and Dad were still reluctant to dilute our Japanese character, and in the end, they persuaded one of Grandma Masako's uncles to father our children. He was the youngest of the big family, much younger than Masako's father, who was the eldest. Even so, he must have been over ninety. But he lived on one of the small Japanese islands, where there's a history of people living extremely long lives.
"His wife had died, and I think the idea of sex with a woman in her prime appealed to him, and fortunately he was still fertile -- we had tests done first, of course. He died not long afterwards, as did Ebenezer and Masako themselves, but at least he could go to his grave remembering fucking Ichiko over and over, until she became pregnant. What was even better was that she gave birth to twins, a girl and a boy, which precisely made up for the boy and girl of our own that had died.
"Look, Shuji, this is all very interesting, but where's all this stuff going?" Jade asked, obviously a bit fed up with all of this history.
"Well, nowhere, Jade, except that as the Family Historians, I thought Susan and Tony would be interested, and I wanted to explain what Reika and Hiroshi said to you, Susan. Their father was their great great uncle, and equivalent to your own great great uncles, so you could say they are your great uncle and great aunt. It's just their sense of humour."
From what I'd seen of Japanese television shows, the national sense of humour seemed to be based and who could last longest sitting in ice water, or staying in a box of snakes, and this didn't do anything to change my opinion. Jade wasn't impressed either.
"Fine, but I came here expecting a good fuck. Are you going to disappoint me?" she asked, reaching over to grab one of Reika's tits through her gaping robe.
Actually, I had been fascinated by the family history, but I was beginning to feel the same way. Even Tony must have been feeling the same thing, as he was staring across the room at one of the youngest females who had bent over to tidy up a nest of wires under one of the desks. She either had remarkably accurately flesh-coloured panties on, or a tiny lipped, fully shaven slit that she was revealing to us as the robe of the type we were all wearing rode up over her ass.
I was pretty sure that one or two of the Japanese men had fucked me as part of the induction, but I couldn't remember them in detail, and would be happy to have my memory refreshed. More than that, though, I'd never eaten out a Japanese pussy, and I was dying to find out what one would taste like. Surely, with all the raw fish they ate, their vaginas would taste fishier than most Westeners? Not that I'd mind; I loved fish. The pussy Tony and I were looking at would do fine, but so would any of the others.
"Hai, hai," Shuji said, "but perhaps not quite how you imagine. You know how much investment is going into artificial intelligence, AI, for example in self-driving cars, and trying to make intelligent robots? Yes? Well we are the owners of the leading US company working on producing intelligent sex robots. Most of the people you see weren't family, but of course, we in the family have fucked them all, so they might as well be now, as Alex told us.
"Our plan is to launch a range of droids which will not just feel like a human, but be able to engage in intelligent conversation. We'd like you to be the model for our MILF model, Susan, and you our pregnant model, Jade. We know that there is a huge demand for both of these."
I noticed that he hadn't said anything about Tony, whose slim body and nerdy appearance I doubted would be quite as popular, and I wondered if Shuji had got my sons confused, because I could imagine Michael's toned body being much more in demand.
"Now, what we need to do is to capture every detail of your bodies so we can start to build the prototypes. Our aim is to make these the best looking, most realistic feeling, and intelligent conversing droids anywhere in the world."
Well, I could see by the looks on Jade and Tony's faces that they were as surprised at me. I wasn't entirely sure what I thought about it. On the one hand, it was flattering that they would choose me as the MILF droid, but on the other, it didn't seem quite right that people would me fucking me all over the world without me being there. At least with our streaming incest porn, we, the living, decided what we wanted to show everyone, but what if my droid suddenly started doing things that I wouldn't have done myself?
"Please, take your robes off. First, we need to collect your cum, so we can develop artificial substitutes that will be almost impossible to distinguish from the originals."
I noticed a distinct change in the way everyone was looking at Tony, as he removed his robe and everyone could see how big his cock was, notwithstanding the nerdy body. We were each led to a special chair by one of the young girls. I saw that like mine, Jade's had soft stirrups on either side, and the girl made me sit and put my legs in them, so my pussy was open to her gaze.
"Please masturbate. I collect cum," the girl said, squatting in front of me with a glass container in her hands.
"Wait a minute, at least you can take your robe off as well, so I can see your tits and cunt to help me get off."
I looked over, and saw that Jade and Tony must have had similar ideas, because all three of our girls had taken their robes off, and they could easily have been sisters. Their breasts were on the small side, but very perky, they had trimmed little bushes that were as black as the hair on their head, and they all had small, pale labia.
None of this was quite my favourite look. I like meatier cuntlips and bigger tits, though when I was watching porn with my sons, I was amazed how often lactating Japanese girls were shown, and even more amazed that with such modest breasts, they could send such spectacular streams of their milk jetting out such a long way. Unfortunately, neither of these girls seemed to be lactating.
Still, the girl in front of me, plus my imagination, was enough to get me off, and I came. Immediately the girl leapt towards me and started scooping up the cum that was oozing out of me with her little glass jar. I smiled, as I saw that Tony had come more energetically, and his girl was trying to collect his spunk from the ropes that had hit her face and covered her tits.
"Masturbate again, Susan" my girl ordered.
Obviously, she hadn't collected as much from me as she wanted, and I could see this was the case for Jade as well, though they must have decided that either Tony had produced enough spunk -- and he had a lot -- or he needed to recover. This was all very well, but not as arousing as I wanted, so I thought I should spice it up a bit.
"Open your cunt, so I can see inside, then finger yourself. I need a bit more stimulation if you want me to come again so soon, darling," I said, smiling.
My smile got even wider as I saw the shiny pink inside of her pussy, and her tight little hole that I knew that Charlie would have loved to fuck. That was a bit more like it. We watched each other playing with ourselves, and of course, I came, making sure that she was going to come at the same time. And this time, I could feel that I'd leaked a lot more cum, which made the girl happy after she saw how much she'd collected.
"Right, we need to mark you up, and then to take 3D images of your bodies. We want to make sure that the droids are as close a match to every part of you as we can."
I didn't get what he meant until a man and a woman came over and started sticking tiny reflective markers over my body. And I do mean all over, including lots of them on my breasts, pussy and ass, even inside my vulva. It was mildly arousing, but tickled a bit. When they'd finished, they made us walk around inside the framework, while cameras tracked along the rails. They even made us jump around, so they could capture the way mine and Jade's tits bounced, and Tony's cock waved around.
It was all a bit easier for Tony, of course. They just wanted him limp then erect, but Jade and I had to lay down and let them take close-ups of our pussies, then our wide-open cunts. It should have been exciting, having so many people looking at us, but somehow being surrounded by all of the equipment took the edge of it.
Finally, they recorded us in intimate detail while we were fucking, as Shuji said, to make sure they captured the flexibility in our holes. First Shuji fucked my cunt, and then Hiroshi fucked my asshole, while two of the younger Japanese men did the same to Jade.
A fuck's a fuck, so I did enjoy both of them, but having to keep stopping while they took close-ups of our stretched holes took some of the fun out of it, even though they were diligent in making sure that we came as well as them. For Jade and me, anyway. Tony seemed to be having a lot more fun as the girls queued up to find out what his huge cock felt like when it went up them.
"Thank you," Shuji said when they finally decided they had taken enough 3D video. "We'll need you to come to our factory in a couple of months, Susan, so we can check your droid against the real thing."
"What about Tony and Jade, though? Why just me?"
"Ah, well Jade will have changed anyway as the baby gets bigger, so that won't help, and .., um ... men are more straightforward."
I had a strong suspicion that they were intending to keep Tony's cock and balls, but to fill out his body some more, and that triggered an idea in my mind.
"I'm not sure, Shuji-san. I'm not sure I like the idea of people being able to have sex with droids that look like us. Still ... maybe I could agree to it if you'd agree to this ..."
I took Shuji over to one side, and explained what I wanted. His face stayed as inscrutable as ever, but he went over to some of his team, and after a long conversation in Japanese, he walked back over to me, almost smiling.
"Hai. We think we can do that, though it will take a while. I'll contact you when we're ready for the final testing."
I put my robe back on and headed back to my room. Tony and Jade had gone already when I was talking to Shuji, probably for the same reason as me. True, I'd been fucked in both holes, but somehow it felt just like an appetizer, not the main meal. Not only that, but I'd never got to find out whether a Japanese woman's cum tasted different. My pussy was crying out for a full-fat fucking, and I was expecting that Chrissy and Charlie would be only too pleased to provide it.
When I got back to my room, though, they weren't there, just a note saying that they were meeting up for a heavy night with one of the distant branches of the family they hadn't had sex with before. I guess I could have masturbated, but I was certain that wouldn't do the trick either, so it looked as if I was going to have to just go to sleep.
I had one last chance of fun left, though. We were flying back home the following morning, so I filled out the form to get breakfast in the room, taking a guess at what Charlie and Chrissy would want, based on the previous two days. At the bottom, there was a section which said, 'Any addition requests', and I wrote in 'A damn good screwing'. I hung it on the door, before going to bed, thinking of what I hoped would happen in the morning, trying to ignore the tingle between my legs.
My sister and husband must have come in late, when I was already asleep, and when I got up in the morning they were still dead to the world. I had a shower, then waited, naked for the room service guy to deliver breakfast -- and hopefully something a lot more fun, as my pussy was tingling even more than ever. When I heard a knock at the door, I checked who it was, then opened the door, making sure I pushed my tits out to show them at their best. He wheeled the trolley in, but left it keeping the door open.
"Are you sure you want screwing, Mrs Kowalski?"
"Of course, I fucking do," I replied, sitting back on the couch with my legs open, so he could get a good look at my cunt, which was already wet.
"Well, alright. You know our rules forbid us to actually fuck a guest, but I can promise to give you a good screwing."
Huh? I didn't quite get it, even less when a second man with another sort of trolley came in to the room behind the breakfast trolley. After the door had closed, he reached into his cart and pulled out what looked like a smaller type of power tool, but with something that looked pinker and softer at the sharp end.
"Yoghourt, maple syrup or honey?"
"Um ... yoghourt, please."
I had no idea what this was about, except I'd ordered yoghourt, oatmeal and honey, fresh fruit and pancakes with maple syrup. The guy dipped the tip of the tool in the yoghourt, but it was only when he shoved it up my ass and turned it on that I realised what was happening.
"What the fuck are you doing?"
"Well, you said you wanted screwing, and that's Bob's screwdriver he adapted. So, Mrs Kowalski, you are being screwed, aren't you?"
"But this wasn't what I had in mind -- I was expecting you fuck my cunt with your cock!" I yelled, feeling that I'd be properly tricked.
"Serves you right, darling. You've been asking for it all week, and you did say you wanted screwing on the breakfast form, didn't you?"
My shouting must have woken up Chrissy and Charlie, who were standing watching and laughing. But then they added insult to injury, as Chrissy bent over the desk, and my husband rammed his cock up her pregnant pussy. What's more, I knew my fucking bitch of my twin sister had deliberately positioned herself so I could see him entering her.
"Ah, well, we thought a saw would be better in your cunt," the second man, Bob presumably, said, reaching into his cart and pulling out a much larger tool, with what was very obviously a larger dildo where the saw should have been.
Actually, I was starting to enjoy whatever was going round and around in my anus. It seemed that they'd fixed some sort of small dildo where the screwdriver blade should be, and it had ridges running down it, so although it was only turning inside my asshole rather than going in and out, it was really getting me going.
"Honey," I said, before I was asked, guessing what he was intending to do, and vaguely remembering that honey was supposed to have antibacterial properties.
He dipped the dildo in honey, catching the drips on a finger and licking them off with his tongue, then he slid the sticky dildo straight into my vagina. This wasn't exactly what I had in mind, but when he turned the tool on, the dildo started pumping in and out of me, with nice long strokes, the way it was intended with the saw blade.
Shit, I really was starting to enjoy it now, as Bob held the screwing tool in my ass, and the sawing tool in my vagina. I'd just started to wonder what the room service guy was planning, when he spooned yoghourt over my tits, a rivulet slowly running down over my belly, to join the sticky mess of honey leaking out of my cunt as it was joined by my cum, and running down to join the yoghourt around my asshole.
"A good sanding for your tits, we thought, Mrs Kowalski," he said, as he pulled what looked like some sort of orbital sander out of the cart.
Fortunately, it had a soft, fluffy head rather than sandpaper. He turned it on, and started working the yoghourt into my breasts, paying especial attention to my nipples. Fuck, it really was delightful. My tits were getting massaged like never before, and the fluffy material kept pulling against my rock hard nipples, giving them delightfully pleasurable tugs. The saw ramming the dildo in and out of my vagina kept sending bolts of excitement shooting through me, and the screwing in my ass was sending delicious waves of pleasure through me.
I looked over at my husband fucking my sister, and the sight of his cock stretching her pregnant cunt sent me right over the top. I came.
"FUCK!"
"You really are a slut, Mrs Kowalski, the room service guy said. I haven't even used the last tool."
As I recovered my senses, as much as I could with the dildos still working both holes, and my tits being massaged by the sander, I looked up, and saw the server with a much smaller tool in his hand. Shit, it was small polisher, the sort people used in model making, and it also had a soft, domed tool on the end. He put it on my clit and turned it on. Oh fuck, it was almost as good as the mains-powered wand I'd tried, which always made me come in no time at all.
"Go on, screw that bitch of a sister," Chrissy yelled, and I could see she was getting close herself.
"Yeah, fuck my slut-wife's cunt," Charlie gasped as he came, and I could almost see his spunk filling my sister's vagina as his balls pulsated.
Fuck, fuck, fuck. I came again myself, as I watched my husband's spunk oozing out from my sister's cunt as his strokes slowed, she yelled out as she came, and his cock started to soften. I thought that was going to be it, but I was wrong. Charlie and Chrissy walked over towards me, and my husband forced his limp cock into my mouth. Well, forced is an exaggeration, because I loved the taste of his spunk mixed with my twin sister's cum, and I had it opened ready for him.
"We'll hold the tools for you. I know you can't touch her, but you can jerk off on her face, can't you?" my sister said, pretty much what I'd have done myself if I hadn't had my husband's cock in my mouth, and been enjoying the tastes so much.
Charlie and Chrissy held the tools in my holes, on my tits and my clit, and the guys got their cocks out and started jerking off next to my face. God, I was now practically into a continuous orgasm, as the tiny sander drove my clit wild, combining with the gorgeous feelings coming from the manipulation of my two holes, and the wonderful warmth filling my breasts.
"Shoot your spunk in my mouth," I managed to say, before I lay there with my mouth open, my hips going up and down as I came again, watching the clear pre-cum collect on the openings of their cocks.
Fuck, first Bob came, ropes of white spunk shooting out of the end of his cock. The first got my eyes and nose, then I felt warm liquid in my mouth, before another series of ropes hit me from the room service guy, going in my hair, my ear and in my other eye. What was it with men? They had the luxury of an aimable tool, unlike women, but they seemed incapable of keeping their pee in the toilet bowl, and their aim when they came seemed even worse, as more spunk was all over my face than in my mouth.
There was soon even less, as Chrissy bent over and kissed me on the lips, licking the spunk from them, then using her tongue in my mouth to collect what little had hit its target. And the fucking cunt still had the sander on my clit, so I came once more. Goodness know how many more times I would have had to come, but I was saved by Bob's phone ringing, and he said it was reception wondering what had become of them.
All of a sudden, the tools were switched off, the ones in my holes were pulled out, leaving me gaping. They were all put into the cart, and the two men shot off, leaving me covered with yoghourt, spunk, honey and cum.
"This really is a most delightful breakfast, darling," Chrissy said, scraping a crescent of fresh melon over my face to collect the lines of spunk, while Charlie rubbed a strawberry along my cunt to collect the sweet mixture of honey, yoghourt and cum.
I tipped the oatmeal on my belly, drizzled some maple syrup over the top, and between us we used the fruit and pancakes to eat breakfast off my naked body.
"I do love you, Sis, and even you, Charlie, you cheating bastard," I said, smiling. I might not have got fucked by room service, but it certainly had been fun.
I'm afraid it made a bit of a mess of the couch, though, but what the hell. When we'd finished, we showered together to clean ourselves off. For the first time in days we got dressed in normal clothes, which felt very strange, finished packing our bags, then checked out, ready for the flights back home.
******
It was all a bit of an anti-climax, going back home after the Caribbean, though actually that hadn't been quite as spectacular as I'd hoped. To start with, my Mom had been fucked by a lot more men than me, so my ambition to be the Family Slut was shattered. Not that on reflection I'd really have wanted to have been fucked by every one of the men, the way that she was. I loved being gang-banged, it's true, but shocking though it may be, once I'd been fucked by five or six men, diminishing returns seemed to set in. Once my cunt and ass were full of spunk, things started to get a bit repetitive.
Not only that, but things had got a lot rougher than I really liked. It's was mostly my fault, of course, upsetting my Mom and her sister's family. But making love to Dad was so special it would always stay in my memory. Actually, rather than many more gang bangs, I'd have liked more intimate sessions with just a few of the family, where I could enjoy their bodies for the first time, and have them enjoy mine.
Things at home were a bit dull as well. Chrissy and Jade were steadily getting bigger bellies, and Jade seemed to have lost some of the edge of her nymphomania with the baby inside her. Either Tony was keeping her occupied, or he was busy building the business, and working on the family tree with Professor Alex. Either way, he definitely wasn't fucking me as much as I'd have liked. Michael and Laura were busy in their new positions, and Lucy, Chloe, Jude and Jason were all back at college, starting to take their exams.
Easter was late, else I'd have been kept busy with church business, so I was bored. I loved fucking Chrissy and Charlie, but he was trying to seduce Brian's new secretary much of the time, and as each day went past, my pussy shouted louder that she wanted a new cock in her. I was hoping that my role as Family Historian might have led to trips to new family members who'd fill that need for me, but nothing had come about yet.
Then it hit me. Why not go and see if I could find Rosemary's son? I was still feeling guilty for the way I'd behaved, but if I could end Rosemary's uncertainty, even if it only confirmed for sure that her son had died, I'd feel I'd made up for it. And maybe Dad would make love to me again, the way he had when we'd made our peace?
I called Mom to get as much information as I could about where her parents lived, and any ideas on where exactly the nunnery was. I set Tony searching the internet as well. In the meantime, I threw myself back in to editing and loading more clips to the streaming site, especially now that enough time had gone by for a paternity test, so we could announce Tony as the father of Jade's baby, and release footage of the wedding. In addition, we'd been given footage of Mom, me and Chrissy getting gang-fucked at the family event, albeit with a few of the faces pixelated out.
I was feeling exhilarated as I drove off in Tony's Mustang, which I'd persuaded him to lend me. Well, I was paying for it by letting him fuck me more often, but that was a win-win, wasn't it? He'd identified three possible communities of nuns where Rosemary's mother may have taken her. One had closed, which was going to make it tricky to get any information, but the other two, although smaller, were still operating.
I had a feeling that Rosemary's parents wouldn't have wanted her too close, so after a night in a cheap motel, I took a gamble and drove to the further of the two options. I was lucky. It took me a while to persuade the nun who answered the door to let me in, but eventually she showed me into a dark room, and after a few minutes an elderly nun joined me.
"Good morning. I'm Sister Euphemia. How can I help you?"
I explained that I had come to try to find out what happened to my Aunt's baby son, after she had been taken in. To start with, I just got stonewalled, and told that she had no recollection of the person I was talking about, and their policy was not to give out any information about people who had taken refuge there. Not even the letter signed by Rosemary, giving me authority to act on her behalf, got me anywhere.
"Well, that's a terrible shame, Sister Euphemia. I've been commissioned to write a book on the family history, and I was hoping I'd be able to leave out the bits about how badly you abused the young, pregnant girls who came to you. My aunt has read about the nunneries in Ireland, where they found the bones of tens of young babies who the nuns had killed rather than had adopted. And now I come to think of it, you were one of the nuns that my aunt specifically mentioned as enjoying watching her shower."
This last bit was an invention of mine, but it hit home, Sister Euphemia's face going absolutely white.
"I was brought up in a religious family, and it will be painful to have to reveal the horrors that you nuns inflicted on these young girls. Still, if you can't help ..."
"Well, maybe something is coming back to me. I can't imagine why on earth your aunt would think we killed the babies. No, I think I may be able to recall who you are talking about. Let me just check my records. What did you say the father's name was?"
I told her that Rosemary had told me she didn't know the father's name, then the nun left the room. She was gone for quite a long time, making me worry that she wouldn't return, but eventually she came back, and gave me a name and address on a piece of paper. She told me that they named the boy Wayne, and that this woman, who had two girls already, but had wanted a boy, had taken him on. I asked if she could search for a copy of the birth registration, and email a scan of it to me, so if the trail went cold, I'd at least have evidence to give Rosemary.
If this had been in the city, I'd have taken a bet that the woman wouldn't still live at the same address, but out in the tiny little country towns people tended to stay put, and again I was lucky. When I knocked at the door of the cottage whose address I had been given, a woman answered the door. She was probably a bit older than my mother, but had put on more weight, and had a world-weary look to her.
"Oh yes, I remember Wayne, all right. He was always a bit of a handful. It wasn't that he was bad, but in those days he was what we'd have called a bit simple, I guess, though goodness knows what it would be called in these days of political correctness. He was bright enough at school, but he was easily led, and he was always getting into trouble. The other boys would tell him to do things, shoplifting, setting fire to peoples' mail boxes, throwing stones through windows -- all in themselves quite minor, really, but he was always getting caught.
"We lived with it, because he was otherwise a nice lad, and my daughters enjoyed him as a brother. Too much, as it turned out. I caught them ... um ... comparing their ... private parts, and it wasn't just looking. That was when their hormones were just kicking in, and I could only see it getting worse, so my husband and I agreed that for our daughters' safety, we'd have to find Wayne another home."
There were tears in her eyes, as she told me how her local pastor had found another pastor and his wife a few counties away who hadn't been able to have their own children, and had taken on a series of difficult adolescents, all with success. I thanked her, and headed off to the new address, worried that if I found Wayne, he wouldn't be the sort of son Rosemary would be proud of. The combination of 'simple and troublesome' seemed a bad one.
I managed to find the town, and as I was pulling up to the house next door to a church, I saw a pastor, who had obviously just left the house, walking towards the church. I hastily parked, and ran after him.
"Oh yes, Wayne," I remember him, the pastor said, sighing. "We took him on after he'd got into a lot of stupid trouble, and um ..."
"Yes, I know about the girls."
"Ah, yes, well. We got on fine with him for a couple of years. The change of school seemed to be good, and he did well, although he always looked a bit empty and naïve. But ... well ... my wife was having a shower one day, and she noticed a ... well ... sort of spy hole, I guess. I tackled him, of course, but although he denied it, we knew he had been watching her ... naked ... and, well ... she was never going to feel safe with him around, so I'm afraid we had to find somewhere else for him."
He said that he'd asked around, and there was a sheriff another couple of counties further north whose wife was a probation officer, and was used to dealing with troublesome adolescents going through puberty, and they'd agreed to take him. No, he hadn't done anything to follow up on what happened afterwards.
It was a long drive which took me into the edge of Idaho to find the next family who had looked after Wayne, I guessed from around fifteen or sixteen. I pulled in to the sheriff's building, and was shown into an office where a man who was probably sixty, but looked older, with thinning hair, and a spreading paunch was sat behind a desk. When I asked him about Wayne, he gave out a big sigh, and rubbed his hand across his eyes, the way people do when asked to relive difficult memories.
"Ah, Wayne. We thought things were all fine. I managed to keep him out of too much trouble, and he was doing well at school. Unfortunately, it all fell apart after his high school graduation, when he was just over eighteen, though it still wasn't clear what he was going to do afterwards."
"So what went wrong, Sheriff?"
"Well, apparently my wife had started to notice some of her panties disappearing, although she hadn't said anything to me. Then Wayne came back from the prom in a high old state. It seemed there'd been alcohol around, although everyone was underage. I was out on a case, and when my wife got home she found Wayne's car parked outside with the engine running and lights on. When she went inside, she said she found Wayne masturbating into a pair of her dirty panties.
"As it happened, I came back a few minutes after her, and when I followed the yelling to Wayne's room, I found my wife trying to pull her panties off of him, while he had his hand around her holding one of her breasts. And he was, you know, dripping down her leg."
This was all beginning to sound a bit of a familiar story. "So, you threw him out?"
"Yeah, well, it didn't seem I had a lot of choice, did I?"
"And has your wife got over this experience?"
"Well, that's just it. Only a few months later she left me for some city-smart attorney, and then people started coming out of the woodwork and telling me she'd been screwing around on me for years, the bitch! Then I couldn't help wondering whether I hadn't been too hard on the boy, as maybe it wasn't just him at fault."
"Okay, so what did you do?"
"I felt pretty guilty, so I started calling my buddies in other counties to see if they'd heard of Wayne. In the end, I hit lucky. He'd gone north, taking a series of short-term jobs, mainly of farms. In the end, he ended up on a ranch in Northern Montana, run by an old guy. Dawson was his name. He'd got too old to look after it properly, and it had got real run down. Now, Wayne may have looked simple sometimes, but he clearly wasn't, because after Dawson took him on he brought the ranch back to life, and when Old Man Dawson died, he left the ranch to Wayne. He's still there now."
"Have you talked to him, apologised, maybe?"
"No. I guess I still aren't sure of the rights and wrongs of things. I feared that Wayne would get himself into more trouble with women, but apart from some sort of ruckus in what I'm told was a whorehouse, years ago, nothing else has happened. The sheriff up there tells me he's never married, or apparently had much to do with women, just turning the place into one of the best in the state."
I got the details on the ranch, and given that I was going to have a long drive up through Montana the next day, I found myself a cheap motel. I grabbed a burger in a little diner, getting lots of looks from the typical rough-looking men, as I was a stranger, and a woman on her own. Oh yes, I had no doubt that they'd all have fucked me if I'd given them a chance, but they weren't family, and the thought didn't do much for me, except make me wonder how far I would go with Wayne. He was kind of family, but Rosemary didn't have the incest trait in her when she had him, and his father was goodness knows who. So, would I let him fuck me to get him to meet up with his mother?
It was with that question in my mind that I went back to the motel. When I got there, I felt that familiar tingling between my legs, and realised that I hadn't come for several days. That wouldn't have been unusual even two years ago, but these days I normally came at least once, and often a lot more. I went for a pee, and as soon as my hand touched my pussy to wipe myself off, I knew how I'd fill the rest of the evening.
I stripped off, pulled the bed clothes open and lay down on my back with my eyes closed. I gently grasped one of my breasts, and slid the other down over my belly. I loved the feel of my neat triangle of pubic hair on my fingers, trimmed so as to leave my vulva completely naked. A let out a gasp as my fingers reached protruding hood at the start of my slit, and a shudder wracked it's way through me as I thought back on that morning when my elder son, Michael, had blackmailed me.
I remembered the shock of seeing his erect cock, his hand jerking up and down, and the even bigger shock when I realised that he was masturbating to pictures of me, his mother. And they weren't just any pictures, they were me naked, my asshole and pussy fully visible. Even one of me with my dildo sticking out of my cunt while one hand played with a tit, and the other rubbed my clit.
Then yet another shock as massive ropes of spunk shot out of the end of his cock as he studied that last picture, covering him with splatters of it as it landed. Shock soon turned to embarrassment as I realised he'd seen me stood in the doorway, playing with my clit as I watched him. I could have curled up and died when he grabbed my hand, and first smelt, then tasted the scent and flavour of the sticky secretions from my tingling wet vagina.
Mind you, it couldn't have been tingling any more then than it was now, as I used one hand to pull the lips of my vulva wide open, and slid the fingers of my other hand down the warm, moist channel, up into my hole, then back to circle gently around my clit, just enough to slowly raise my arousal, as I thought back to the past again.
I recalled how I was so full of fear, yet so excited at the same time, as I stood in front of my son, watching drips of spunk fall from his cock, knowing that all that covered my nakedness was a towel, tucked in at the top to keep it together. When he threatened to show the pictures of me to all his friends, part of me hoped he would, but most of me was just terrified that everyone at the church would see my shame.
I knew I'd have to do whatever he asked to stop this happening, so as soon as he told me to drop the towel, and show him my naked body, I knew I had to do it, even though it went against everything I'd been taught was wrong, shameful, disgusting. Yet before the towel had hit the floor, I felt a pulse of excitement shoot through my pussy, as I watched my son stare at my stiffening nipples, and then at the hair between my legs. It was so, so wrong, but it was so, so wonderful.
I knew I'd really crossed over into the forbidden area when I took my son's spunky, soft cock into my mouth. This was a sin for which surely there could be no forgiveness? I wanted him to touch my cunt so much it hurt, my body aching all over, as the demon between my legs kept sending shivers and sparks through me, willing me to get my son to touch me where a son should never touch his mother.
Touch me the way I was touching myself now, sliding my fingers backwards and forwards along my slit, forcing my fingers into my gaping vagina, then racing back to press, rub and pinch my clit, sending all the searing pleasure up through me. And I came, my body writhing around on the bed. One hand kept my cunt pulled wide, as the other rammed into my hole, the way I had wanted my son to do back then, until Elizabeth's arrival to take me to church sent me crashing back to reality.
As I came down from my climax, I pulled my fingers back out of me, moving them up to my mouth. As I sucked my musty cum from my fingers, I remembered how even in the church, I hadn't been able to stop thinking about my son fucking me when I got back home. I've no idea what I would have done if my son had changed his mind, but fortunately I didn't have to discover it, because he immediately put his hand up under my skirt, letting him feel how wet his Mom's panties were.
I remember the fear returning, as he made me strip naked in the living room, something I'd never done, and then the shame came back as he spotted me touching myself, so desperate was I to be fucked, or at least to come in front of my son. He ordered me to stop, but then he made me look at pornographic pictures with him. Pictures of women holding their cunts open impossibly wide, pregnant women, women pissing, women being fucked in any and all of their holes at once, and women whose cunts, assholes and mouths were full of spunk.
God, I love cunts. Maybe what made me into such as cunt lover, was my son making me look at all colours and shapes of them, his stiff cock throbbing next to me, but never touching me, or letting me touch myself. I love cocks, but more the feel of them inside me, and the sight of that white cream shooting out of them. But I love looking at cunts. They are all so different, and as well as looking, I love the feel and taste of all of them, that musty, spicy, fishy tang, the slimy warmth of them inside, and the feel of my fingers inside another woman's vagina.
Of course, as I was thinking about cunts, I was touching mine. Rubbing that tiny nub of stiffness that was my clit, but which could set off such powerful feelings in me, so powerful that that tiny organ could take over my whole body when I let it, and I was fucking going to let it now.
As one hand rubbed my clit, I pushed two fingers up inside me, delighting in the sensation of my body being invaded. I pushed as far in as I could, until I could feel the lump of my cervix, with that tiny little hole in the centre, the opening of the organs which allowed me to create and deliver a new human being, including the son who was lusting to get back inside me.
Then I used my fingers to press along each side, squeezing down on the internal parts of my clitoris, while I played with the external part, like the tip of an iceberg, so much more invisible inside me. I used my thumb in my slit to press against my fingers in my vagina, and I contorted my hand so that I could get some use out of that otherwise barely useful third finger, as it first circled the crinkled ring of my anus, then forced its way inside my shit hole.
As I lay there with one hand working my nub of my clit, the other with two fingers in my vagina, pressing against my thumb, and a finger inside my asshole, only my little pinky finger staying outside of me. How my son would have loved seeing me like this! I knew this for sure, because after he'd shown me all of those other women's gorgeous cunts, he'd made me open my own wide for him. Open so wide that he could see that next opening that was so small that it was almost impossible to believe he could have passed through it.
Only after that did he drive his cock up inside me. Shit, that was an even worse than what we'd done before. Letting your son fuck you -- no delighting in your son fucking you -- was not just illegal, but a mortal sin. I remembered being so scared of what might happen afterwards, but at the same time, so excited I felt as if I was going to explode. Apart from anything else, what forty-two-year-old woman wouldn't feel flattered by a fit nineteen-year-old choosing sex with her, rather than the tight bodies of girls their own age.
When he came inside me, I swear I could feel his spunk blasting into the walls of my vagina, and as I came, remembering it so clearly, it was as if I could feel it again. God it was a good orgasm. I could feel my cum gushing out as my entire cunt seemed to go into spasm, my back arched, lifting my butt off the bed, and I closed my legs tightly, forcing my hands even harder into my pussy.
I wasn't done with memories, though. I came again as I remembered my elder son entering my asshole for the first time, adding the sin of sodomy to incest, and letting him take the last, most shameful advantage of my body. No mother should ever let her son fuck her in the ass, but I fucking loved it.
I recalled my surprise when I saw how big my nerdy younger son's cock was. Then how I persuaded my two sons to fuck my cunt at the same time, letting their seed mingle inside me. I'd grabbed a dildo from the toys I'd laid out on the bed next to me, and I used one hand to ram it in and out of my hole, as I forced the fingers of my other hand up me alongside it, leaving my thumb to work on my clit. I came again hard, as I relived my sons' cocks spurting their spunk inside my vagina. I just wished that they had been both in me again, rather than the plastic replica and my own fingers.
When I calmed down, my cunt was still tingling, wanting more, ready to take me up into the stratosphere of sexual ecstasy, and I turned my mind to thinking about my beautiful twin daughters. I'd never seriously had any lesbian thoughts before, but after fucking my two sons, I remembered lusting for my daughters with a desperate passion that made me ache and itch all over.
I remember how frightened I was trying to work out how to get to fuck them. Frightened because I knew it was wrong, not just because it was incest, but because our church had never having got comfortable with homosexuality in any form. Frightened in case I made a mistake, so they rejected and despised me. As soon as I saw their gorgeous pink nipples, though, lighting bursts of energy were zipping through my body, and once they showed me their lovely pale-lipped cunts, I knew they were mine, and that they wanted me as much as I wanted them.
God, I remembered the excitement the first time my twin daughters touched my pussy, and I pushed the fingers of both hands into my hole, trying to recapture the feeling as for the first time I felt two of Lucy's and two of Emma's fingers push inside me, and they told me to add two of my own. Oh fuck, I knew what came next, as each in their turn, my daughters forced their entire hand inside my vagina, the first time that anyone had ever fisted me. Shit, as I fisted myself with one hand, and worked my stiff little clit with the other, I came again, drenching my hand with yet more cum.
I thought that would be the end, but my cunt had other ideas. I'd eaten both my daughters' pussies, and they'd eaten mine, but I knew I wouldn't be happy until I'd seen my sons' cocks disappearing inside them. I remembered how I let them tie me up, all part of my plan to let me tie them up, and the fucking little bitches had stretched my cunt so much that they ended up double fisting me.
Fuck, I almost came again, but I managed to hold on, as my pussy was aching so much by now that I was sure I wouldn't be able to come more than once, and I wanted to save it for a very special memory. My hands were skating around in the slime between my legs, rubbing, stroking and penetrating, as I remembered tying up my daughters, then inviting my sons to fuck them.
Shit, the look on their faces was magic, as they realised that their Mom wasn't quite the submissive they'd imagined, and I remember their gasps as they saw that nerdy little Tony's cock was bigger than his macho brother's. Oh God, the thrill I got as I watched my son's cocks stretch open my daughters' holes, was more exciting than I could ever describe. Even so, it was the next step that had given me the most intense climax I'd ever had up to that point.
It started with me sucking my sons' spunk out of my daughters' holes, although I deliberately made sure they still had some left in them to help the final part of my plan. I had to stop my movements, and just press down hard on my clit as I thought about how I'd persuaded the girls to let their brothers take them up their asses. I loved seeing their cunts being stretched, but maybe I enjoyed even more watching their tight little assholes stretching far more to take my sons' big cocks.
Oh shit, I couldn't control my hands, which seemed to have taken a will of their own, as they started to work on my cunt again. The girls were sat on their brother's cocks, the vaginas gaping open, letting me see the remains of sperm still inside them. I must have been possessed, because before I realised what I was doing, I'd rammed a fist in each of my daughter's spunky, cumy cunts, and I could feel my sons' cocks ramming into them across their thin vaginal walls.
I rammed my own fist straight back into me, relishing the burst of pain as my cunthole was suddenly forced open, then I rammed the dildo into my ass, trying to mimic the feel of the cock in my daughter's shit hole. I raced my hand around my clit as hard and fast as I could, as I pumped my fist in and out of my cunt.
This really was the last time, as I pulled my hand and the dildo out of me, and I flopped back on the bed exhausted. Masturbation never did it for me quite the same as fucking someone else, but shit, I don't think I'd ever had such a long and enjoyable masturbation session, which when I looked at the clock, had lasted close to two and a half hours.
I guess many people would consider me a real monster: a mother who fucked her own children, but that wasn't how I saw it. My parents now fucked me, and when I was eating my mother's cunt, and my father was fucking my asshole, I respected them just as much as I ever had, and I loved them as parents as much as I ever did. But in addition, I loved them with the sort of sexual love you have for not a just a one-night stand, but for a partner you want to give yourself to for life.
I understood now, after Professor Alex's explanation, why I loved looking at naked women, and I understood how men see women, which brought me closer to my husband and the other men in my family, as well as giving me a new dimension to my relationship with the women. I really did love fucking my fucking family...
I must have dropped off as I revelled in the hedonistic pleasure of masturbating to memories of sex with my children, but then I woke up with a start. Wayne's real problems had all come from him making sexual advances to his foster mother, or once his step-sisters. Was this just a coincidence? I couldn't see how it could possibly be, but could he be carrying the incest trait himself? Dad hadn't fucked Rosemary when she had Wayne, so there was no chance he'd got it that way, but was it conceivable that his father had picked it up some other way?
As I went back to sleep again, I made two decisions. First, I must try to get a DNA sample from Wayne to get Professor Alex to investigate, and secondly, yes, I'd let Wayne fuck any of my holes, or do anything else to me if it helped reconcile him with Rosemary.
When I woke up the next morning, I felt happier than I had all trip. My cunt was aching, but it was a gentle ache which was just a reminder of a glorious masturbation experience. I had to have a long shower though, as it took ages to clean off all my cum that had matted my pubes, and dried like cling film over my vulva and ass. Yes, I know I should have done this before I went to sleep, and yes, it had left a stain on the sheets, but hotels wash them so often when they don't need to, that I didn't care.
I had fresh orange juice, coffee, and scrambled egg and crispy bacon for breakfast, as sex always leaves me hungry. I'd taken care on my appearance, putting on a thin, lacy bra and matching panties. They were more than a thong, as I found thongs rode up into my asshole and were really uncomfortable for driving, but yet they covered no more of my pussy from the front. Over the top, I wore a light button-through dress in red, which I thought would get attention, and which I could adjust to reveal more of me if I needed to go down the seduction route.
I was feeling optimistic as I got in Tony's Mustang, and drove out to the ranch. I started to worry a bit as I went through the wooden archway over the dirt track up to the ranch, as below the name, there was a big sign that said 'No women allowed'. When I circled around in the dusty yard in front of the ranch house, pulled to a halt, and got out of the car, my optimism was shattered.
A tall, lean man was standing on the veranda, watching me. He was dressed in cowboy boots, faded jeans, and undyed denim shirt, and a brown Stetson hat. That wasn't what upset me, nor was it the innocent, rather vague look on his face, which made me understand what people had meant when they said he seemed a bit simple. No, it was the pump action shotgun that was pointed right at me.
"Cain't you read? Sign says no women."
"Wayne? But I'm your cousin, and your mother sent me to find you..."
"Don't matter who yu'r. All women're bitches or whores. My mom dumped me; biggest fucking bitch ever. 'N you sure look like a whore."
I opened my mouth to reply, but I didn't get a chance before he raised the shotgun, and fired up into the air. As my ears recovered from the initial deafness, I could hear the tinging as the pellets landed back on the Mustang, and some in my hair. Tony would kill me If I took the car back damaged, and I knew I'd be searching for hours to get all of the pellets out from the seats. I should have put the hood up, I guess.
"Next time I aim at you, whore. Now get out."
I knew there was no point arguing, but would have to find a different approach, so I got in the car and drove back to the road in a cloud of dust. I didn't turn back to the hotel, though, but followed the road on, where it seemed to climb the hill at the back of the ranch. I was lucky. I managed to find a small pull-in, where I could stop the car, and look back over it, down below me.
I settled down for a long wait. Eventually, I reasoned, Wayne would have to leave the ranch house, and I couldn't see any sign of anyone else. I put the hood up to give me some shade, and settled down for a long wait. I had plenty of water in the car, but twice I had to crouch down for a pee, trying to get as much cover as I could from the car. The traffic was light, though, so I didn't get caught, which normally would have disappointed me, but this time I wanted to keep my profile as low as I could.
After several hours, I saw Wayne leave the ranch house, walk to one of the barns, and drive off up the dirt road to the fields below me, disappearing around the curve of the hill. This was my opportunity, and I had to take it fast. I drove as fast as I could back to the ranch, leaving the car pointed back to the road, in case I had to make a hasty exit, and I walked up to the house.
The doors were locked, but the windows weren't, and using Tony's Swiss Army Knife he kept in the car, I managed to snap back the stop of one, pull it open and climb inside. Inside, it was clean but spartan. As bare of any ornament as an Amish cottage, but with solid wooden furniture that lacked any of the elegance of the Amish furniture that has become so fashionable. I tried a couple of other rooms, which were just as bare and looked unused.
I was looking for a bathroom, hoping to find a brush of something with hairs, or at worst a freshly-used toothbrush, both of which would have enough DNA from Professor Alex to analyse. I opened another door and gasped. It wasn't a bathroom, but presumably was Wayne's bedroom, and it was totally different to the rest of the place.
Opposite the foot of the king-sized bed a flat-screen TV was fastened to the wall, and not just any TV, but the largest I'd ever seen in a private house. It wasn't just that, though, but one wall was covered with multicoloured boxes that I recognised as DVD's or Blu-Ray's. My first thought was that he must be a super film buff, which made sense as a way of filling his time if he was as much of a loner as I'd been told.
It was only when I pulled a few out that I realised that they were indeed films, but not the sort you see at the local cinema. Everyone was hardcore porn, and hardcore porn of a special kind, revealed by the titles. There was a whole run of 'Stepmom and Stepson Affairs', then 'Stepmom Teaches her Stepson' one to a hundred, 'Moms Teach Sex', a load of 'Old and Young' which were clearly incest based. I'd never seen as many mom/son incest videos before, but of course, I knew that unlike our own streams, few if any of the actors in them would actually be related.
I knew I couldn't waste any more time, so I hunted around for the samples I was looking for, but with renewed confidence that my crazy idea might be true. I found a few pubes under the bed, some hair from a comb in the bathroom, and I bagged these up, along with what looked like a used brush in the rack on the electric toothbrush, replacing it with a new one from the packet I found in the bathroom cabinet.
Then I legged it, almost spinning the car as I accelerated away from the ranch. I drove to the nearest town to find an express mail office. I scrawled a note which I put in with the samples, and emailed Professor Alex to give him a longer explanation, and to explain why I wanted an answer with the utmost urgency.
When I got back to the motel, the first thing I did was to go online, and find out more about the local area. I knew it would take time for the samples to get to Boston then the tests to be done, so I wasn't expecting to have the results before three mornings from then. Even I couldn't fill two-and-a-half days just fucking myself, so I decided to do some touristing, though I wasn't convinced there would be much available in Montana.
In fact, I found out I was wrong, though it would involve a fair bit of driving, and I booked myself a different hotel, before letting reception know I'd be checking out in the morning, but coming back again later. Then I did a bit of technical experimentation. Tony had given me a USB stick, which he said I could plug into most modern TV's so I could stream anything from my iPhone to it.
It wasn't quite as simple to get working as he'd said, but by the end of the afternoon I'd managed to get it working, so I went out to grab some food, then went back to my room for what I intended to be another evening of sex, but not quite on my own this time.
I Facetimed Mom and Dad, who'd told me that Rosemary would be staying with them while I was on the hunt for her son, and George and Hilary were with my grandparents. I put them up on the TV, sitting on the edge of the bed with my phone propped up on the desk, so that they could also see me. I guess I should have known, but Tony had set them up as well, so they must have had a good view of me, sitting in my lonely hotel room.
I told them everything that I had found, and my suspicion that somehow Wayne must also have picked up the incest trait somewhere. Rosemary was adamant that she'd never fucked anyone in the family before she seduced Dad, just the hippy bikers she'd been travelling around with. Oh, and goodness knows how many others at Woodstock and a couple of other events they'd been to, of course. I told them about the samples I'd sent, and when I expected the result. Rosemary said she'd try to get a flight to Helena, the day after tomorrow, staying there overnight, then driving up to meet me at the ranch the next day, when Professor Alex had promised we should have some results.
"I can't believe it, Susan. My son, really alive after all these years? I can't wait to meet him. I'm so grateful to you. Is there anything I can do for you?"
I had undersold the hatred Wayne seemed to have for women, and that it might not be quite the glorious reunion she wanted. I was just hoping that if he really did have the incest trait, it would kick in quick enough for him to let his mother into the ranch house. Anyway, my mind was much more focused on the entertainment I was looking forward to now.
"Well, Aunt Rosemary, there is something I'd like."
"Anything, Susan. Just name it."
"I'd like to watch Dad fuck you the way he did all those years ago, and I want to watch Mom watching you. I'll be able to see from her reaction whether she really has forgiven you, and you will be able to watch me masturbating, and know that I have forgiven you."
The look on their faces was a joy to watch, a mixture of shock turning to lust and excitement.
"Fucking hell, Susan, do you really want to do this over Facetime?" Dad asked.
"Absolutely, Dad. I want to watch your cock going up her cunt the way it did when you cheated on Mom that once. I'm sure you were planning to fuck her anyway, but here, let me get you in the mood a bit."
I stood up and took off my clothes, then I laid on my back on the bed, with pillows propped behind me so I could watch the screen. I opened my legs and pulled my labia apart, so they could see the wetness in my slit, and the way my hole was open for them. I could see Dad staring at the screen, so at least he was appreciating the view up my cunt.
"Come on Henry. I'm up for it if you and Martha are, but let's go into the bedroom."
The picture on the screen then went all wonky as they carried the phone with them. I knew Mom and Dad had a TV in the bedroom, so they'd be able to see me still. I got disconnected views of the stairs, then heard mutterings as Dad tried to get their phone connected to the bedroom TV.
"While Henry and Rosemary are getting set up, Susan, let me give you a little treat as a starter."
All I could see for a bit was the bathroom ceiling, then I saw Mom, now naked, obviously holding the phone in her hand.
"I needed a piss first, darling, and thought you'd like to watch."
Would I ever! I've never quite understood it, but I love watching women pee. Men not so much, but the sight of a woman's pee squirting out of that tiny little hole at the opening to her vagina always gets me going, and this was no exception. I rammed two fingers up me, and started rubbing away at my clit, forgetting that Mom could see exactly what I was doing.
"I thought that would get you going," she said with a chuckle. "You know, I'm going to enjoy watching him fuck her just as much as you. Why don't I describe what is happening as well? That should get us both even hornier, shouldn't it? And by the way, I love your cunt, darling. I won't wipe -- with any luck one of them will clean off the last drops of pee for me."
I think I've said before how much I love my Mom now, in every way possible, and it hit me again just how much, as I felt the pleasure coming from my cunt spreading through my body, and the love from my Mom coming through the TV screen. She finished peeing, then everything went wobbly again as she walked into the bedroom, and found somewhere to lodge the phone securely, but with a good view of the bed.
Dad was stood next to it, naked, stroking his stiff cock, looking down at Rosemary, who was laid on the bed with her legs open. I noticed that she'd trimmed her bush back since the Caribbean, giving me a gorgeous view of her vulva. However, it was about to get a lot better, as I saw my Mom walk over to her sister, kneel next to the bed, and pull Rosemary's labia wide open.
"What a lot of trouble this cunt has caused, Rosemary, but I love the sight, smell and touch of it," and she bent forward and licked her tongue along it, clearly poking it up inside her sister, before she pulled back again. "Come on then, Henry, show me how you fucked her when I was away from home, with our son in my belly."
Mom got on the far side of the bed and started playing with herself, one hand on her tit, and the other on her pussy, as I watched Dad climb on top of Mom's sister, and drive his cock into her cunt. I had a gorgeous view of her hole stretching to take him, before it was obscured as his balls banged into her, his cock as deep inside her as it was possible to go.
"That's right Henry, fuck my sister's skanky old cunt, and suck on her saggy old tits."
I could see that the dirty talk was getting Mom aroused, and I was as fascinated at watching her hand going in and out of her pussy, as I was Dad going in and out of his sister-in-law. I was trying to pace myself, letting the tingling in my cunt just get to the point where I was going to come, but never quite letting myself get there.
"Get on top me, Rosemary, the way you did when I fucked your little runaway cunt," Dad said, pulling out of her, making sure he turned so that I could see her cum covering the length of his throbbing cock, and keeping out of the way so that I could see into her gaping vagina before it closed over.
He laid down on the bed, and to my surprise, Mom leaned over and forced her mouth over his cock, sucking in Rosemary's come as she took it right down her throat.
"I know that that didn't happen that day, but I fucking wish it had," Mom gasped, as she pulled her head back, a string of her saliva bridging from her mouth to the tip of Dad's cock.
"Well, I'm glad you weren't there, Martha, else Henry might not have done this," Rosemary replied, lifting one leg, straddling over Dad's cock, and guiding it up into her with her hand.
Once he was in her, she leaned forwards, slapping her saggy tits across Dad's face, and I'm sure she knew full well that in this position I had an unobstructed view of his cock going in and out of her cunt, and above that the tight ring of her asshole. Fuck, I wasn't going to be able to hold on long with a view like that, and even Mom had worked her way down the bed to get a better view at her husband violating her sister's cunt.
Shit, she wasn't just intending to look, either. The hand between her legs was racing up and down faster than ever, and she let go of her tit with the other, leaned forward, and reached towards Rosemary's butt. I wasn't quite sure what Mom was planning, but when she shoved two fingers into her sister's asshole, I lost control and came, yelling out, and rolling around on the bed with my hand between my legs, which were flapping open and close.
What Mom did, not surprisingly set her off, but the effect rippled through Rosemary, and then Dad. I could see the big vein at the base of his cock pulsating, as he launched his spunk deep inside her cunt, which was twisting and turning on him, making her opening stretch even further, and me come again, even before I'd properly come down.
As soon as Dad's cock was in danger of falling out of he, Rosemary got off him, and waggled her butt at my Mom, just giving me enough of a view to see the spunk running out of her.
"Come on then, sis. If only you had been here to eat me out, things would have been a lot different."
"But you wouldn't have had George, nor probably Hilary, and we've all enjoyed fucking them, haven't we Rosemary?" Mom replied as the two sisters assumed a classic 69 position, Mom clearly making sure that I could see as she sucked the sperm from Rosemary's vagina, swallowing it down with relish.
I guess that was as good an answer on whether they had made their peace as any could be, so I just enjoyed using my fingers to take me to another orgasm, wishing I was with them, not on my own. When all three of us had come and recovered, Mom and Rosemary got up and walked towards the phone providing the video link to me.
"Well, Susan, is that enough to convince you that I've forgiven you Dad for fucking my sister and making her pregnant, and that Rosemary and I are like sisters again?"
"Well ... Maybe you could do it again, just to make sure?"
"Just go to bed, and enjoy the sights tomorrow, then I'll be over to join you as soon as I can. And if you can really get my son to own me as his mother, you can fuck me as much as you want," Rosemary said, smiling.
Oh, I thought that was a given anyway, now we were all in the family together. No, it was her son, my cousin, that I was really after. His build reminded me so much of my elder son, Michael, and getting screwed by him was truly amazing, and I was hoping that Wayne would be the same. I just had to persuade him he wanted to take me, but the good thing was that if I did, he'd have very little choice but to accept his mother as well, so we'd all be happy.
I woke later than usual the following day, knowing it was my own. I had breakfast, packed my bag, then drove north to explore Glacier National Park. It was a four-hour drive to get around to West Glacier, where I'd booked a room the next night, but when I checked on the website, I found I was in luck. The snowfall this year had been lighter than usual, and the melt had set in earlier, so they'd managed to open the scenic road across the mountains several weeks earlier than usual, although the notices said care was needed.
At the bottom of the mountains, I found what looked like a huge Swiss chalet, but on a scale to house tens of hotel rooms. I'd never come across anything quite like it in the USA, and when I went in to explore, I could see that many of the rooms had a fabulous view across a lake towards the mountains.
When I left, and the road started to climb, I could see why care was needed. Snow was piled feet high on either side, and where the water ran across the road, some of it was still frozen. Still, it was spring, and the sun was shining brightly from a clear blue sky, just enhanced by a few fast-moving fluffy white clouds.
I'd read up on the background, but when I saw it, the way they'd built the road across the mountain was absolute lunacy. Apparently an engineer persuaded the park supervisor in the 1920's, that a normal zig-zag road that followed the contours of the mountains would spoil the look of them, and instead to basically blast a notch out of the solid rock in as straight a line as could be managed. They called it the 'Going-to-the-Sun' road.
The problem, as I discovered, was that this meant the road was barely wide enough for two large cars or vans to pass, and there was a sheer drop, with only less than a foot of brickwork for much of the way to prevent cars crashing over if they lost control. Not only that, but bits of the road seem to be held up only by frail looking brick bridges as the road passed over small, but sheer ravines, with torrents of meltwater crashing down through them.
I'd been driving with the top down, but luckily I pulled in to a parking area to go and look at the glacier overlook. The view was fantastic, so I was glad I'd stopped. I was even more glad when I looked further down the road. I'd read about the Weeping Wall, without quite understanding what it was, but it became clear as I watched the cars on the road.
On this stretch, the road had been gouged out of what must have been a smooth expanse of rock. With the snow melting fast, water was racing down over the rock and flying out over the road in an arc of almost freezing-cold water. I watched a few convertibles coming from the other direction, where they would have had no warning of what was coming, nor could they stop on the narrow road, so anyone with the roof down got drenched. That I wouldn't have enjoyed, but luckily having come this way, and having stopped, I was able to put the roof up and keep dry.
The rest of the drive was slow, but fun, with a few stops on the way, and a bite to eat in a little eatery which could only just have re-opened. The crazy thing was, though, that while it might have reduced the visual impact when looked at from afar, the straight road dramatically reduced the scenic impact when you were driving it. I loved the hairpin bends on some of the European roads in the Alps, or on the Italian coast, where at each turn you got a new perspective on a stunning view, but at Glacier, this didn't happen, and all of my attention was just keeping the car on the road.
It took the best part of the day to make my way over to West Glacier, where I checked into the resort made up of log cabins, just at the edge of the Park itself. By the time I'd driven into town, and found somewhere to grab a bite to eat, it was dark. Well, not quite dark, because the sky was clear, and there was a full moon shining brightly amongst a sea of stars, more than I think I'd ever seen before.
I don't know what got into me, but I decided to drive back up the pass, and go back to look at the scenery in moonlight. It was a lunatic thing to do, because the road was scary enough in daylight, but lunatic was the right word with the full moon so clear in the sky. The words lunacy and lunatic all come from the Latin word for the moon, luna, and it really is true that people's behaviour can be influenced by the moon, and that is the only plausible excuse I can find for what I did.
I called in at my chalet to get ready for what I intended, taking a few things with me, and then I drove back up the mountain. It really was mad. With the combination of the moonlight and the car's headlights, I could see that the water on the road had already frozen solid in places. Sometimes I could even feel the wheels start to slip, but I was determined to carry on with my plan.
I drove up past the Weeping Wall, which wasn't as bad as I'd feared as the sheer volume of water seemed to keep ice from forming on the road, and into the Logan Pass Visitor Centre parking lot. There were only a couple of cars still in there, but I drove as close as I could to the start of the nature trail to Hidden Lake.
When I got out of the car, I took off my dress, which was all that I was wearing. As the cold air hit me, my nipples stiffened immediately, and my skin started to form goose bumps, but I wasn't going to be put off. I picked up my rucksack, in which I'd packed water, a torch, a can of bear spray, a blanket and my dress, and put it on my back, the weight forcing my shoulders back and my tits out. I might be in the grip of lunacy, but I wasn't totally stupid, though my first thought had been to do the hike with just my trainers on my feet.
Still, my body was completely naked, the moonlight making my flesh look pearly white, except for my nipples and pubes which looked so much darker than normal. I set off at a brisk pace, back along the track I'd visited earlier so I knew the way, all 1.5 miles of it, though this time I wasn't planning to go right down to the lake itself. I hadn't imagined meeting anyone else. I mean, who'd be mad enough to walk this track in the dark? But I hadn't been going long when I saw a couple walking towards me.
"Good evening. Isn't the moon beautiful?" I said as they passed by, not speaking, but making me smile as there was enough moonlight to see that their eyes were flipping between my bouncing tits and my cunt as I walked towards them.
Fucking hell, it was cold. My nipples were like metal rods, my breath was coming out like steam from a kettle, and my pussy was aching, probably because my exposed cuntlips weren't used to the icy cold air, combined with the thrill of being totally naked out in the wild. It was lucky that the trail was fairly flat, else I'd never have been able to make it, I'm sure, but eventually the path opened out. The view across the lake to the mountains beyond was stunning, even more so than in the day, with the moon's reflection glistening on the almost rippleless surface of the lake, and on the snow-capped peaks beyond.
I took off my rucksack, and walked as close to the edge as I could, where the trail dropped sharply down to the lake, then I stood on tip-toe, arms outstretched, head up to look at the moon, and just stood there offering my body to the Diana, the Roman goddess of the moon, or Selene, as the Greeks called her. Was I really possessed by her? I certainly felt it when I heard her voice in my head, and I lowered my hands, widened my stance, and pulled my cunt as far open as I could.
Fucking hell, when the cold air entered my vagina I got an intense thrill shoot up through me, stronger than any I'd ever felt before, and with Diana's voice in my head, I stood there naked, in the wilderness, bathed in her wonderful moonlight, and played with myself until I came, screaming out Diana's name at the top of my voice, little wisps of steam rising up from my open cunt to join my breath. It was unbelievably exciting, so special, one of the best orgasms I'd ever had, as I felt one with the natural world of the earth and the moon at the same time.
I wanted to stay there forever, fucking myself in the moonlight, but my brain took control and told me that my body temperature was dropping, and I was in bear territory, wafting my womanly scent around so they'd easily find me. I put my dress on, wrapped the blanket round me, took out my can of bear spray, and after putting my rucksack on my back, I headed back to the car as fast as I could.
When I got there, though, my cunt was starting to take over from my brain again. I sat in the car with the engine on until I'd warmed back up, then I manoeuvred it around so that it was facing the moon, with it's white light unobstructed by any trees. I put the top down, undressed, then got in the passenger seat, which I tipped back as far as I could.
I opened my legs, checked that Diana would have a clear view of my cunt, then I gave myself up to her again, inviting her to suck my stiff-nippled breasts, which I squeezed and held up to her, and I rammed my favourite rabbit into my vagina, certain that Diana's spirit was inside it, and therefore in me.
I could feel her touching me, making me shudder with delight. Or was it just my imagination as my skin all over tightened again in goose bumps? No I was convinced that Diana, Goddess of the Moon was fucking me, her light caressing my body, and her spirit guiding the rabbit on my clit, while she was in me pressing against it from the inside of my vagina. Oh fuck, she made me come again, and when I screamed out, I noticed someone coming out of the Visitor Centre, and heading to one of the few other cars.
They had to have noticed something, so I decided to reward them. I got out of the car and walked around to the drivers side, still naked, and with the rabbit hanging out of my cunt. I stood and waved to them, and enjoyed it even more when they waved back, before driving off. When they'd gone, I realised again just how cold I was again, so I threw my dress on, put the roof back up, the heater full on, and slowly drove back down the mountain. It wasn't quite as bad as driving up, as I was on the far side of the road this time, but there were more patches of ice, and I was relieved when I pulled back into the resort, parking outside my chalet.
The moon had moved around, of course, while I'd been gone, and it was shining through the trees on to my chalet. And one of the things that it was shining on especially was the hot tub on the veranda. The thought of basking in a hot tub had its own appeal, but I could hear Diana speaking to me again, telling me that she hadn't finished me yet, but demanded that I offer her more of my sexual energy.
It was an irresistible call. I grabbed my bag, slammed the car door shut, and ran across to the hot tub, throwing my bag towards the chalet door, followed by my dress. I guess being a goddess must make life easier, because it would have been a lot more helpful if fucking Diana had suggest I kept my dress on until I'd got the top off the hot tub, as I got one tit badly trapped between the two halves of the lid as I folded it. I could hear the fucking bitch laughing, so I pulled my ass open and mooned at her as I climbed in. Well, she was the fucking Goddess of the Moon, wasn't she?
Mind you, the combination of rubbing my damaged tit, and the delightful thought of showing my asshole to Diana really got me going again. I turned on the water jets, managing to position myself so that one was blasting directly on my shit hole and vagina, then I lay back, my eyes closed, on hand gently massaging my breasts, and the other working my clit as I gave myself up to Diana again.
I don't know how long I stayed there, or how many climaxes I had, as Diana took full possession of me. I was sure that my hands were on her breasts and inside her cunt, while hers were on and in me. Eventually, though, her wonderful moon had moved across the sky enough that her beautiful, pure white light was no longer shining on me. The Goddess had gone.
I turned off the tub, got out, my body steaming all over in the cold air, and let myself in to the chalet. As I dried myself off, I was aware of a feeling of fullness, completeness, warmth and absolute fulfilment. I'd never fucked a Goddess before, but hell, I was going to seek out any opportunity I could find to do it again.
I slept in late, which wasn't a problem, as I had all day to myself. After I'd checked out and picked up a classic American breakfast in West Glacier, I decided to drive the big loop south, rather than retrace my route over the Going-to-the-Sun road. It was a gorgeous day again, and the driving was easier on this route, so I kept the roof down. In places, I could still see the white outline of the moon, reminding me of the enjoyment I'd had with the Moon Goddess the night before.
It was further that way, and I took my time, stopping off in traditional tourist shops, if you get my meaning, and spending time looking around an old gold mining ghost town. It was late when I checked back in at my original hotel close to Wayne's ranch, and when I connected to the wi-fi, I found a message from Rosemary, saying she was just getting on the flight to Helena, and she'd hire a car and join me the next morning. I was a bit disappointed that there wasn't anything from Professor Alex, and I just prayed that it would come overnight, the morning work starting two hours earlier, of course, in Boston.
I was tired after the long drive: I think my pussy was still sated from the Goddess, and anyway, if I needed to seduce Wayne with Rosemary, I thought it best to hold back, so I just showered and flopped into bed.
I was woken early by a phone call. It was Alex. Yes, my unbelievable suspicion that Wayne was carrying the incest trait was true, which explained so much of his history. The only question was how the hell he'd got it. I texted Rosemary, and over breakfast, I got a reply from her saying she was leaving, and should get to me in two hours or so. I said I'd meet her at the ranch entrance, as I wanted to get there early, so I knew if Wayne went out.
I packed my bag, and tried to make myself look attractive again, although it hadn't helped last time I met Wayne. Briefly. Still, this time I knew about the trait, so I just put on another button-through dress, but in a less in-your-face pastel colour, so that I could get my tits and pussy out real quick if I was facing the shotgun again. Then I checked out of the hotel, and drove over to park in the gateway a little down the road from the ranch entrance, to wait for Rosemary.
This all seemed like a solid plan, but for the fact that it turned out Wayne had already been out somewhere, and he recognised my car as he headed back to the ranch. I hadn't spotted him coming up behind me as I was reading a book on my Kindle, and the first I knew was the sharp tap of the shotgun's barrel on my side window.
"Back again, whore? I thunk'd I'd a tol' you t' get lost?"
I wound my window down, and looked up into his face. It was hard to imagine how such a bland, innocent face could project so much anger.
"Please, Wayne. Let me just talk to you. I can explain why you wanted your new mothers so much, and why your bedroom is full of porn where a mother gets fucked by her stepson."
That got his attention, alright. But he was close enough to get mine as well, so close that I started to feel the tingle in my pussy that I always got when I was around family. How the hell it worked, I don't know. Professor Alex said it might be primitive pheromones, scents that we don't consciously recognise, but which determine how we behave, like the way people select partners, but I struggled to really believe it.
"How'd you ..." he started to say, before he realised he was in danger of admitting to more than was good for him. "'K, drive on up, 'n I'll foller."
I started the car, and drove slowly along the road to the ranch entrance, and even more slowly up the dirt road, trying to stretch out time to allow Rosemary to arrive. I pulled to a stop, and got out to face him, wondering if this was the time to let him see my tits, but the shotgun aimed at me kept me nervous, and I decided to try words first. He pushed me inside after he'd opened the door, and then made me sit on a hard wooden chair with arms, like the ones the senior teachers used to have in school.
"Right, spill the beans, whore. Tell me what crazy story you've a made up," he said, as he pulled up another chair to face me, with the gun across his lap, just out of my reach.
"I haven't made it up, Wayne. I've even got an email from a Professor in Boston, if you don't believe me. But I'm you're cousin, and we've both got genes which make us want to fuck our own families."
I gave him as close an explanation to the one Professor Alex had given us about how it all worked. I could see from his face that he was struggling to accept it.
"So, ur'a tellin' me I wanna fuck my fam'ly? Shit, that's the stupidest thing I've ev'r heard."
"Look at me, though, Wayne. Tell me that you aren't imagining what my tits are like? Whether my pussy is shaved or hairy, and the colour, smell and shape of my cunt? No, you can't can you? You're just dying to fuck me, and I'd let you, because my mother is your mother's sister, and I've got the same genes as you."
"I tol' you, ur a fuckin whore! I don't wanna fuck you."
"Oh yes you do, Wayne. I can tell by your face," I replied, starting to undo the top buttons of me dress, revealing my cleavage and the top of my breasts.
"I fuckin don't, whore. Tried a hooker once, but couldn't come, 'cause all I could think of was that bitch of a mother. I fuckin' hate her. She left me, and I wanna kill her so bad - 'cept when I wanna fuck her. Now you say the bitch did more'n leave me, she gave me this curse, so I cain't fuck anyone 'cept her, even a whore like you."
He was clearly really agitated. He'd stood up, and was pacing around, waving the shotgun about with one arm, rubbing his other hand across his face, over and over. I wasn't sure what the hell to do. If he really believed he could only fuck his mother, then letting him see me naked might not help, and I just didn't know what I could do to calm him down.
"Well, if you hang on, your mother should be joining us soon. It's true she was a hippy and got herself pregnant with you. But it was her parents forced her to go into a nunnery to have the baby, and she never intended to leave you. The nuns took her from you when you were just a few days old, and she ran away, convinced they'd killed you and buried you. I didn't even know she existed until a few weeks ago, and when I asked if she was sure you were dead, she asked me to try to find you, and here I am. So, you'd better figure out what you're going to do when your Mom walks through that door."
"'S easy. I'll kill the fucking bitch ... or maybe I'll fuck her, like I've wanted to for so long ... shit, I don't know."
"Well, son, you'd better make your mind up fast, 'cause here I am."
Somehow Rosemary had managed to slip in without either of us noticing, and she was stood next to me, facing Wayne, unbuttoning her blouse, and I could already see she had nothing underneath from the shape of her stiff nipples poking against the thin cotton. Wayne just looked at her, his mouth open, the shotgun hanging down from one hand.
As Rosemary dropped her blouse down on the floor, she grabbed one of her tits, and squeezed it so the nipple was extended and pointed straight at Wayne.
"Come on, son, come and suck on Mommy's breast. I only got to feed you for a couple of days until the took you away. Come and let me nurse you the way I ached to do."
As she spoke, Rosemary burst into floods of tears. As I watched Wayne's face, I saw all sorts of emotions run across it, but he ended up in tears as well, as he dived towards his mother, bending to take the nipple she was offering into his mouth. The gun would have hit the floor as he dropped it to throw his arms around Rosemary, but fortunately I managed to catch it before it did, as if it went off, we'd all have been seriously injured at such close range.
Wayne dropped to his knees, and Rosemary bent over, cradling his head, and I could see his mouth working hard on her teat, just like a hungry baby. And I could see that although they were both crying hard, they were now tears of joy.
"Come on, son, let's go into the bedroom, and let's see if you can lose your virginity inside Mommy's cunt."
Still with tears rolling down his cheeks, Wayne stood up, and led Rosemary by her hand towards the bedroom. One of her breasts was shiny wet with his saliva, and it was all I could do to resist sucking on the other one as she went past, but this was their time. I just followed as quietly and as unobtrusively as I could, hoping they wouldn't notice me as I slipped in the bedroom to watch Rosemary get fucked by her virgin son. As soon as she was inside, Rosemary unfastened her skirt, and let it drop to the floor. She laid back on the bed, and opened her legs wide.
"Is this what you've been dreaming about, son?" she asked, pulling her lips open to expose the orange-pink inside of her vulva, and the dark opening of her vagina. "I remember the pain last time you were in me, but ram your cock back up me, and fill me with a pleasure so intense I'll remember it for ever. Come on, get your clothes off, son."
It was true, somehow Wayne seemed to have come over all bashful, but on reflection, his only experiences of women seemed to be of his foster mothers, which didn't end well, and a hooker who made him impotent, so maybe it wasn't so surprising.
"Look at my cunt, son, it's wet and ready for you. Come on, this is what you've been waiting for. Come and fuck me, and fill me with your spunk."
It seemed that Rosemary's words had got to him, or more likely the sight of her inviting open hole, because he suddenly tore his clothes off, and flung himself on top of her. I can tell you that the sight of Rosemary's cunt had got to me well enough, and the size of Wayne's stiff cock just finished me off. I sat on the chair in the corner, unbuttoned my dress right down, and thrust my hand into my vulva.
The way he just rammed into her, making her gasp, showed both his inexperience and the depth of his desire. I watched his cock pulling the opening of her hole out then pushing it back in with every stroke. It was a beautiful sight, watching this first real meeting of a mother and son, let alone the erotic sight of them fucking, but I knew that it wasn't going to last long. Wayne had been fantasising about this moment for so long, his sperm was going to burst up into his mother in no time.
"God, Mom, thank you ... it was even better'n I'd dreamed 'twould be," Wayne said, pulling out of her, then turning to face me, leaving a massive white mess flowing out of his mother's cunt, his face hardening again as he saw my nakedness, my hand between my legs.
"Leave her, son. You were almost right about her, though she's not a whore, just even more of a slut than the women on all these video's," she said, waving her arm at the shelves and shelves of porn. "Come here, Susan, come and show my son how you treat your aunts, mother, daughters ..."
She really didn't need to ask me, though I understood her concern. Her son had fucked her, certainly, but he hadn't got her to come, and I could see her pussy throbbing with frustration, even though it was full of his seed. I shrugged off my dress, walked past Wayne's now limp, dripping cock, and knelt up on the bed next to Rosemary, making sure that my asshole and pussy were exposed to Wayne's gaze as I bent over her.
"Get me off with your mouth, Susan. It won't take long, then we can share his spunk," she whispered.
That was fine with me, though my own pussy was screaming out to be played with as well, so I pulled her to me, and pressed my open mouth on her spunky cunt. God, there was so much of it, even though I imagined he must masturbate a lot with all of those videos, and it had a strong, distinctive flavour. I still loved the taste of it, though. Having learned to enjoy it, I never turn down any opportunity to fill my mouth with semen.
I worked my tongue on her clit, and fingered her messy hole, holding Wayne's spunk in my mouth. Rosemary came quickly, as I was sure she would, with the thrill of meeting and fucking her son for the first time, then having him watch while her sister's daughter ate her out. As she calmed down, I knelt back beside her, and bent my head to look down on her face. My little smile must have given it away, because she opened her mouth, and I did the same, letting the mixture of her son's sperm, my saliva, and her own cum fall as a glistening thread down into her mouth.
"You told me if I got your son to own you, you'd let me fuck you how and when I wanted. It's payback time, Rosemary," I said, smiling, moving her round on the bed, so that as I straddled over her face, my ass was pointing at her son again.
I bent forward and clamped my mouth back over her pussy, licking out the spunk I'd left inside her, and trying to suck as much out of her vagina as I could. From the way she forced her tongue between my labia, and started nibbling my clit, I could tell that she really was grateful to me. I paced myself with her clit, but I let myself rocket towards a climax, and the way she was eating me out showed she wanted me to catch up on orgasms.
I came, crying out against Rosemary's cunt, trying my best to give Wayne the best view of his mother's mouth on my slit, my vaginal opening, and my brown, wrinkled anus. As I came down, Rosemary took me by surprise, but in a good way, a very good way. I felt her fingers push into my vagina, then stretch my hole open.
"Come on, son, ram you cock up slutty Susan's gaping cunt. Just about everyone else in the family has been up her, so you'll then be a full member of our incestuous family."
Shit, the way she described me sent a flash of excitement through me, let alone the thought of having her son's cock driven into me. Yes, I was a slut, and I'd fuck anyone in the family, or let anyone in the family fuck me, as often and wherever I could.
For a few moments, I thought Wayne wouldn't do it, maybe fearing that he'd become impotent with anyone other than his mother after his experience with the hooker, but then I felt something big, forcing me open even more than Rosemary's fingers, and keep pushing inside me until I felt his balls hitting against my pussy.
Once he got in his stride, pistoning in and out of me, I felt Rosemary's touch searching out my clit, even as her son's balls must have been banging on her forehead. I'd expected Wayne to take longer, what with him having just come in his mother, and with the worry if he could even come in me at all, but I could feel from his strokes that he didn't have long to go, so I sucked hard on Rosemary's cunt, swallowing down her luscious secretions, still spiced with her son's spunk.
Thank goodness that Rosemary was an experienced slut as well, because she had to work on my own vulva to keep me up with the two of them, and all too soon I felt the jerking as Wayne emptied his balls deep in my vagina, and the gush of cum in my mouth as Rosemary came as well. Wayne pulled out of me sooner than I would have liked, and when I looked around I saw that a stream of his sperm must have run out of me, and was sliding down his mother's forehead.
I'd soon clean that off for her, I thought, but Rosemary had other ideas, as she lapped along my cunt, swallowing down the second load of her son's spunk, then moving her mouth up to my hole, where she sucked the spicy, stick mess of our fluids out of me. What could I do but put my own head down, and suck on her hole in return? I could feel Wayne's eyes on us as we ate each other to another climax, and then I went back to lick his spunk off his mother's forehead, as I'd started to do earlier.
"You know, son, you really should come back and meet the rest of the family. You've got a half-sister and a half-brother, and I know my sister would love to meet you."
And have you fuck her, if I knew the present edition of my Mom, I thought. I'd been planning to drive back to my own home as fast as I could, as I'd been missing Chrissy, Jade and Tony, and even my cheating husband, Charlie, but when Wayne replied, I knew I'd have to make a detour to my parents first. Rosemary and I got dressed, just, as we didn't bother with anything other than our dresses, and managed to find enough supplies to make us some sandwiches, while Wayne went out to tell his foreman that he'd be away for a few days, and give him orders.
Rosemary and Wayne got in the back when I drove off, which was fine, except that they couldn't keep their hands off each other. I kept seeing heads and limbs in the rear-view mirror, and I could hear the sounds of fucking and sucking. It all got a bit much, and when I stopped to have a pee on a long, empty stretch of road, I was determined that I was going to have a turn in the back, and Rosemary could drive.
I got out of the car at the same time as Rosemary, and we just pulled up our dresses, leaned back, and pissed. I suddenly realised from the look on Wayne's face that he'd never seen a woman peeing before. He clearly couldn't believe that not only did we have no embarrassment at all about being seen, but we actually enjoying watching each other's stream of pee leave our pussies, and splash into the dust by the roadside.
When I got in the back with Wayne, I was shocked by the state of the back seats, which had dried spunk and cum all over them. Well, there's not a lot of room to fuck in the back of a Mustang. Tony was going to kill me when we got back. Still, it didn't stop me adding a lot of my cum to it, and I was amazed at Wayne's stamina and reserves of sperm, as he fucked me twice, and I sucked him off, before we pulled in to a shabby little motel for the night. I guess all that jerking off to incest porn had been good training.
We checked in as a mother and her two children, taking two double rooms, as they had nothing bigger. I had to kick Wayne when I saw him start to say that him and his Mom would have one room, and me the other, but of course, the truth was that after we'd found a bar to get some food, we all went to the same room.
Wayne brought back memories of Tony studying every little thing I did after he'd started fucking me, as he was fascinated by the way Rosemary and I didn't bother closing the bathroom door, and would happily use the basin or shower, while the other was using the toilet. This all led to a long and detailed lesson for him on the anatomy of the female vulva, but after that I wasn't surprised when Wayne made a stumbling request.
"Um, Mom, um ... I'd sure like to fuck that fine asshole of yours..."
I knew she'd say yes, of course, because I'd seen her other son take her up the ass. Luckily Wayne had plenty of stamina, because I could hardly let him get away without fucking my shit hole as well, could I, given the build up Rosemary had given me as a total slut? The two of them were still fucking, as I decided to sneak back to my own room, and get some sleep.
They were even still fucking in the back of the car the next day, but there were longer gaps, as Rosemary brought Wayne up to date on her family, and then between us we tried to explain the complexity of our wider family. It was too much for him, so he just fucked her again instead.
I'd texted Mom and Dad before we left, so they were expecting us, and had got George and Hilary, and they all came rushing out to greet Wayne as I drove up to the house. I kissed and hugged my parents.
"So, Susan, you and Rosemary are all made up now are you?"
Rosemary answered before I could get there. "Sure are, Sis. I can't believe she found my long lost son, and I'm so grateful to her. All she needs to do now to get us fully square, is to track down his father."
Fuck, I hadn't seen that coming!