This story is a continuation of "Magic Moments at the Beach." I recommend that you read that story first before reading this one.
After making love on the beach, it was getting to be late afternoon and I knew that we needed to get back up the trail before it got dark. I walked Sina to her house, which was in the same village as mine, and she invited me in. She told me that she was starving. I volunteered to cook her something, but when I looked in her refrigerator, I saw that she had a lot of beer and very little else. She did have the ingredients for French toast though, and that's what I made for her. She had never seen or even heard of French toast before. She praised my cooking as if I were a culinary genius. It warmed my heart.
After dinner she wanted to show me her bedroom. As soon as we walked in, she pulled my head down to hers and we locked in a very passionate kiss. She pressed her body against mine, and I could feel my erection growing again. Just then, the front door opened and someone walked in.
Sina quickly walked me back out of the bedroom. "Paul, this is my roommate Teresa."
Teresa had a wicked smile on her face. I knew that she had figured out what we had been up to. Teresa is part Polynesian and part white. She has beautiful mocha coffee colored skin, light brown hair, and hazel colored eyes. She is smaller, and more slender than Sina and has a cute little round butt and big beautiful breasts. She, like Sina, looked to be in her mid 20's.
"Um, Paul just stopped in to say hi and he was just leaving," I was disappointed to hear her say.
She went outside with me, kissed me goodbye, and promised to see me tomorrow after work.
The next day I was leaving to go to work. I usually ride my bicycle, but it has been raining heavily the night before and I decided that it would be safer to bum a ride with a teacher couple who worked at my school. Anne and Richard were happy to give me a ride and I slipped in the back seat.. On the road to work, we saw a woman with an open bottle of beer in one hand and the other had her thumb sticking out to hitchhike. It was Sina!
Anne said, "That's Sina, I'm going to stop to pick her up."
After Sina slid in the back seat next to me, Anne said, "Paul this is Sina."
Sina said, "Hi Paul, nice to meet you," as her hand found my cock and started to caress it.
Sina continued to chat with Anne without the couple in front realizing that she was stroking my cock at the same time. By the time I got to work, I was so hungry for her. I wanted her so badly.
Sina came down every afternoon after work to visit me and my roommate Tom. Tom and I both enjoyed her energetic and fun company. On Thursday, she told us that she and her roommate Teresa were housesitting this weekend for a wealthy couple with a swimming pool. She invited Tom and I for dinner and a pool party. Tom was as excited as I was, because he had met Teresa before and he was very hot for her.
Tom and I brought beer to the party, lots of beer! We ate and drank poolside, mostly drank. It was a beautiful warm evening, and we were all feeling more than a little bit drunk when Sina announced that it was time for a swim.
The women stripped off all of their clothes and jumped into the water. Tom and I were quick to follow. We played chicken fight, a game where the woman gets on the guys shoulders and tries to push the other couple down into the water. I crouched down in the water to let Sina climb up onto my shoulders. When I stood up and felt Sina's warm, wet pussy pressed against the back of my neck, I decided that I loved this game already. It was a tie every time, as the women grabbed ahold of each other and we all went tumbling into the water at the same time. Then Tom and I would each have the thrill of fondling our partner's body as we "helped" them get back up out of the water. After that it was time for another round of drinks.
Sitting naked by the pool and drinking beer with two beautiful naked women was blissful. We were all having such a good time, and then I found myself suggesting that we play Truth or Dare.
We all got back in the pool, in the shallow water, and crouched down so that only our heads and shoulders were out of the water. We started out with mild dares and truths. I found out that Sina had recently broken up with her boyfriend, a New Zealander named Reggie. I confessed that I had just had a heartbreaking split up from my girlfriend before leaving for my new job. Then, when it was Sina's turn to truth or dare Teresa, Teresa picked dare. Sina said, "I dare you to suck Tom's cock."
We had established a rule that the maximum time for any dare would be five minutes. Teresa was going to do it. Tom stood up and Teresa moved toward him. Tom was getting hard before she even touched him. She took hold of his cock with her hand and started to lick up and down the full length of his shaft as Tom's big, thick cock reached full erection. I moved over to Sina and put my arm around her as we watched. I felt her hand take hold of my cock and start stroking me. I was fully erect too. Teresa's mouth was now going up and down on the end of Tom's cock as she stroked it's shaft with her hand. It's seemed like only a minute had passed, but I heard Sina's voice say, "that's time."
Now it was Tom's turn to truth or dare me and he said, "Paul, I dare you to eat Sina's pussy."
Sina hopped up on the edge of the pool and spread her legs for me. When I stood up, I heard Teresa giggle as she saw my already fully erect cock. Tom went over to hold Teresa as they watched us. I started with long slow strokes with my tongue from her rosebud up to her clit and then back again. Even with the pool water mixing with her natural wetness, she still tasted so incredibly good. The swollen nub at the top of her labia was protruding now and I flicked it rapidly with the tip of my tongue and heard her moan with pleasure. I took her swollen nub between my lips and started to gently suck on it. She pushed down with her hands and lifted her hips off the ground and then started thrusting her hips into my mouth as I sucked on her. I felt that she was just about to cum when I heard Tom say, "time."
The four of us, boiling over with lust for each other now, knew at that moment that the game was over. Teresa led Tom to one bedroom and Sina led me to another. It was the first time that I was able to spend an entire night with my beloved Sina.
The love affair between Sina and I was just getting started, but that's a story for next time.