Copyright © 2022 : Rae Finley, All Rights Reserved
This work may not be published under any circumstances without this copyright.
*****
I opened my mouth to protest but all that came out was another moan as he curled his fingers up and stroked them against my g spot. His mouth came back down on my clit, sucking it hard as I felt his other hand curl around behind me.
His fingers stroked my g spot consistently and I felt his other hand spread my ass cheeks and then lightly start massaging that hole as well. The combination of everything was too much and I came even harder the second time, my mouth dropping open for a scream that never came.
He pulled back everything but the fingers in my vagina, keeping those moving slowly to draw out my climax. As I finally came down from my high I looked up at him in amazement.
"You're incredible."
I said as I stared at him and he grinned and chuckled.
"We're just getting started princess."
With that he shifted and moved up closer to me and leaned down, kissing me deeply. When he pulled back he raised his fingers to my lips again like he had yesterday. He pressed the first against my lips gently and I opened my mouth without hesitation, letting him slide it inside.
I sucked my juices off the first finger then he withdrew it and slid in the next one. He watched intently as I cleaned that one followed by the last.
"You're so fucking sexy."
He said, the deep husky tone of his voice mixing with the dark heat in his eyes to create an image that was the epitome of arousal. I smiled and sat up slowly, gently pushing his chest until he sat back on the cushions.
"I can use my mouth for a lot of things."
I said with a sly grin as I lowered my mouth to his cock. He groaned as I wrapped both my hands around it and gently moved them up and down its hard length. I took the top in my mouth and sucked the head, as I looked up at him watching his reaction.
He wrapped his hand into my wet hair pulling it back gently out of my face. I used my tongue to circle the head of his penis as I sucked in him and he moaned loudly, dropping his head back onto the cushion behind him.
I smiled and continued moving my mouth further down him and started moving my hands up and down to stroke him. As I sucked I rotated my head slowly from one direction to another and Victor groaned loudly.
"Jesus, that feels incredible princess. Where'd you learn that?"
I laughed internally and didn't answer, instead starting to use my tongue to massage the underside of his cock as I continued my up and down movements. This earned another long drawn out moan from him. I followed the signs his body was giving me and started moving a little faster.
His hand tightened in my hair and I sucked harder on him, moving one of my hands down to gently massage his balls as I pleasured him. He sucked in a sharp breath and moved his hand quickly to my shoulder and pushed me back slightly.
"Fuck... you need to stop."
I pulled back off him and looked up at him with a frown.
"Why? Did I do something wrong?"
He chuckled and shook his head quickly.
"No. God no. You did everything right, maybe a little too good to be honest. If you had kept that up any longer I would've cum and there's no way I'm letting that happen before I get to be inside you."
"Well in that case..."
I grinned and stood up, climbing up on the sofa over him. Straddling him so my pussy was right over the head of his cock. I lowered my hips just enough for the head to brush my soaked lips, and slowly moved back and forth, wetting him with my juices. Victor groaned and moved his hands to my hips, gripping me tightly.
"Wait, we need a condom."
Victor said and went to move away. I stopped him and shook my head.
"Don't worry about it, I'm on birth control, and I want to feel you in me just as you are."
He grinned and shook his head.
"Alright princess, if that's what you want you won't hear me complain."
I smiled back at him and reached below me to direct the head of him into me. As I started to push myself down onto him Victor gently took my head and kissed me.
"Hey go slow ok. There's no need to try and force it. Take it easy and let yourself adjust."
I nodded and let myself drop a little lower onto him. Groaning in pleasure and a little pain. It felt like I was being stretched further than it should even be possible. Which I knew wasn't true but it still felt that way. Victor smiled up at me warmly and moved his hand down to my lower abdomen.
"Here, I think I know something that'll help."
He pressed his thumb against my clit and began rubbing making me moan deeply in response. Victor smirked and leaned forward pressing his mouth to mine. I kissed him back eagerly, letting myself drop further down onto him and winced at the growing pain. I had to be close to the bottom right? I moved my hand down touching him and jerked back in shock. I was only about half way down. Victor smirked at me, his eyes shining with amusement.
"Too much for you princess?"
I frowned and shook my head.
"No I'm just fine."
I said with frustration and pushed myself down hard against him taking another quarter of him into me and grunting in pain from the shock.
"Hey!"
Victor shouted and grabbed my hips, lifting me off him. Despite the pain I felt sadly empty at the sudden loss of him inside me. He held me and spun us around so I was laid out on my back again and he was hovering over me.
"I said to take it slow. Remember?"
He said as he gently brushed my hair from my face. I sighed and nodded avoiding looking up into his dark eyes. I still felt disappointed in myself like I was annoying him by not being able to take him fully. I could feel tears prickling the corners of my eyes and tried to blink them away.
"Liliana, look at me."
I finally let my eyes shift back to meet his intense gaze. He cupped my face with his hand and ran his thumb along my jaw.
"I'm sorry for teasing you princess. I want you to feel comfortable with me. We don't have to do anything you don't want to."
I smiled and rolled my eyes in exasperation.
"Trust me Victor there's nothing I want more than to do this with you. I just... Got a little impatient."
Victor let out a short breath and chuckled.
"Glad to hear that's all it was. C'mere."
He bent and pressed his lips gently to mine and I smiled in relief and kissed him back hungrily. I slid my hand down between us, wrapping it around him as I started to stroke him again. He groaned into my mouth and gently nipped at my bottom lip. I squeaked in surprise and half a second later realized I'd enjoyed it. He pulled me back and looked down at me.
"Do you want to get back on top? I think it'll be easier for you to control the pace?"
I nodded and he lifted me again, placing me down so I was straddling him again. I reached for him again and slid him back inside me. Groaning in pleasure at the immediate filling sensation. It was much easier this time to work him in until we were right back where we'd been moments before. I stilled for a moment this time, letting myself adjust to him and the feeling of him in me.
Then I started moving my hips in small circular motions, letting my body adapt as I kept the movement, in a different way. Victor groaned and reached up, grabbing the back of my neck and pulling me in for a hard kiss.
I smiled into his mouth and lowered myself again, working more of his length into me. I had no idea how much of him I had inside me or how much I had left to go, I chose to focus instead on how good he felt in me. I dropped further and groaned loudly as I finally hit the base. We broke our kiss, both releasing drawn out moans of pleasure. Victor dipped his head to my neck, kissing and biting at the skin before whispering into my ear.
"Fucking hell you're tight princess. You sure you weren't a virgin? "
I laughed and nodded as I ground against him.
"Yeah I'm pretty positive."
He grinned against my neck and continued sucking and licking the sensitive skin. I moaned, the combination of him inside me with his mouth and hands made it feel like every nerve in my body was being pleasured. He moved one of his hands forward and began lightly rubbing my clit. My head dropped back, exposing more of my neck to him.
I could feel my body growing hotter and pulled myself up almost entirely off him before dropping all the way back down again. It was still slightly painful but at this point I really didn't care, I just needed to feel him. I slid up and down on him again, and rather than stopping this time I kept moving. I knew I was getting close and bounced against him. Picking up speed as we chased the pleasure we were both so desperate for.
"Fuck Victor, Yes, you feel so good."
I moaned, remembering how much he'd liked me begging him before. He began moving with me, jerking up to meet my downwards motions and I moaned again loudly. The sound of both of us echoing through the cool night. Victor grunted and I knew we were both close. I moved my hands to my breasts, playing with my nipples as I bounced on him.
"Yes, God I'm so close."
I groaned and we both moved faster, slamming against each other until finally I hit my climax. My scream echoing as I came hard against him. He was only half a second behind me and slammed into me. Holding me against him as he filled me. I could feel his cock twitching inside me and moved slowly up and down a few more times, drawing out both our pleasure until I collapsed against him.
Victor wrapped his arms around me tightly as we both caught our breath. I could barely think straight, feeling like every brain cell I had wasn't functioning properly. We stayed like that for a moment or two before he put his hands on my hips and gently lifted me off him. A soft half-moan half-sigh slipped out of my mouth as I felt him pull out of me. I felt empty without him and I could feel both our juices begin to leak from me.
"You ok princess?"
Victor asked me tentatively and I lifted my head, finding him staring at me curiously. I nodded and smiled up at him.
"Yeah I'm good. Just a little spent I guess. I've never cum that hard in my life."
Victor chuckled and bent down to kiss me lightly on the forehead.
"I'll take that as a compliment."
I grinned and slowly moved to stand up, wobbling slightly. Victor grabbed me and steadied me quickly.
"Easy there. Sit down for a minute."
I dropped back down onto the sofa and he wrapped his arm over me, pulling me into him so I was laying on his chest. I don't know how long we stayed like that before I noticed the cool summer wind pricking at my naked body and shivered.
"C'mon let's get you inside."
Victor said softly and stood up, pulling me easily to my feet. I nodded and ran to the pool to retrieve both our clothes. He held the door open for me before following me inside. I laid his clothes on a table and tossed mine into the laundry room before turning back to him and seeing him staring around at everything curiously.
"Everything ok?"
I asked as I walked back to him and he turned to look down at me, letting his gaze sweep over me before smiling slightly.
"Yeah I'm good. Damn you're beautiful."
I blushed and immediately went to cover myself as I remembered I was butt naked. But he caught my arms and moved them gently out of the way.
"Don't cover yourself. This is the first time I've gotten to see all of you in the light. I want to get to know every inch of you."
I blushed deeper but let my arms drop back down and my eyes wandered over his body as well. He was unbelievably gorgeous and my gaze landed on his dick hanging between his legs. It had gone down in size now that he wasn't hard but it still looked massive and I couldn't believe I'd fit him in me.
My eyes drifted back up to his face and I found him smirking at me with a knowing look and I felt my face immediately redden in embarrassment. Victor chuckled and walked over, wrapping me into a hug.
"You're adorable when you blush princess."
I felt my face heat up further and stepped back away from him.
"I'm going to go shower. I don't know about you but I'd like to get washed off. Would you like to join me?"
I smiled as I said the last part, hoping he'd take me up on it and he immediately grinned.
"Do you really have to ask?"
I laughed and led him up the stairs to my bedroom and into the adjoining bathroom. I turned on the water, waiting for it to heat up before stepping in with Victor right behind me. I stood under the water, closing my eyes and enjoying the feeling of it on my skin. My eyes shot open in surprise as I felt his hands on my shoulders. He just smiled reassuringly and continued to massage soap onto my body.
It was a strange sensation, having someone else wash your body. It was pleasurable and relaxing in a wonderful way. And I found myself sighing in contentment as he turned me around and gently began washing my hair. After rinsing, he added my conditioner and washed that through as well. Then his hands were on my breasts briefly. Just long enough to wash them with soap before moving towards my lower body.
His hands slid over my lower stomach and around my hips to my back. They moved slowly over my ass and I knew he was taking his time but I certainly wasn't complaining. He dropped lower and washed both my legs, slowly massaging as he made his way back up. His thumbs dug firmly but not painfully into my muscles and I relaxed as he worked the tension from my body.
Then I tensed up again slightly as I felt his hands running up my thighs and I sucked in a breath as he brushed lightly against my outer lips. He moved his face closer to mine and spoke softly from behind me.
"Relax princess, I'm just going to clean you."
I nodded and his hand dipped between my legs, washing me gently and then he pulled his hand back and was done. My eyes widened in surprise and a little disappointment. I'd never known a guy that would be this selfless without trying to get something out of it.
He went to wash himself but I stopped him and returned the favor. Although he had to bend somewhat so I could actually reach his head. I washed him the same way he had me. I moved carefully, examining him as I went. Learning every bend, curve, spot, or scar on him. I'd had a few partners over the years that I'd been serious with, but even after months with them, I didn't feel as close as I felt right now with Victor.
I made my way lower on his body and did the same thing he had, skipping over his midsection and down to his legs. I tried my best to massage him as I went but I was positive it didn't feel as good as when he'd done it for me. Maybe he could teach me sometime how to give better massages.
As I made my way back up and got closer to his dick, I felt him tense up in anticipation under my hands. My lips curled into a smirk as I repeated what he'd said to me.
"Relax princess, I'm just going to clean you."
He chuckled and shook his head as he stared down at me kneeling in front of him. I stared back up at him as my hands finally moved up the last few inches. I massaged the soap onto his upper thighs then gently over his balls and back behind him to his ass. Saving the best for last I wrapped them around his semi erect cock and ran them back and forth over the length, covering it with soap.
Then I stood up and grinned at him as I ducked back into the water to wash the soap from my body. I heard him release a breath behind me and smiled. Then squeaked in surprise as his hands wrapped around me from behind and pulled me tightly against him.
He spun me around and dipped his head, capturing my lips in a deep kiss. The water poured over us as we made out, our hands traveling over each other. I'm not sure how long it lasted exactly but eventually he pulled back and stared down at me with fire in his eyes.
"Ready to get out?"
I nodded and reached behind me to turn the water off. As soon as I did I squealed in surprise as he picked me up yet again. My legs and arms wrapped around him tightly as I cursed.
"Damn it Victor! You need to give me a warning if you're going to keep picking me up."
He chuckled as he stepped out of the water carefully.
"Why? I love how you react to me, everytime I do it."
He squeezed my ass, emphasizing his point and I felt my face redden. He wasn't wrong, every time he did it I immediately wrapped my legs around him like a vice. No wonder he kept doing it.
Victo smirked and I rolled my eyes as he set me down on the bathroom counter. His lips found mine again again and one of his hands cupped the back of my neck as the other rested on my breast. Mauling my flesh and pinching at my nipple. My hand trailed down his abdomen and wrapped around his dick, gently stroking him.
Then in a blink of an eye he lifted me off the counter and flipped me over so my chest was against the cold stone. I felt his hard cock pressing against me and moaned, my eyes fluttering closed as I waited for him to enter me again. It took a few moments for me to realize he wasn't moving and I opened my eyes again looking back at him through the mirror.
"Don't close your eyes princess. I want you to watch me and watch how beautifully you react to me."
I swallowed and nodded, not taking my eyes off his as he slid into me. It was the most arousing thing I think I'd ever experienced. I moved slightly so I could see his cock as it dipped in and out of my body. Watching as it disappeared into me before pulling out again. I watched as Victor's hands moved to grab my hips as he began thrusting into me harder.
I writhed under his touch and moved my gaze to his face. Watching his features contort to show everything about his arousal. He hammered into me and I moaned trusting my hips back to meet him. Both of us chasing our release but I still kept my gaze on his face and his on mine.
With one last hard trust Victor groaned and released into me. The feeling of his release and the sight of his face as he orgasmed pushed me over the edge and I came hard against him.
It took some time as we both came down from the high and then he withdrew from me, both of us sighing, as we separated. I leaned against the counter suddenly feeling very tired and Victor scooped me up into his arms. He cradled my body against his and I laid my head against his chest breathing in his deep manly scent. It was strangely comforting and I could feel myself drifting off to sleep vaguely aware of him laying me down in bed and climbing in next to me before I drifted off completely.
THE END
** Authors Note: Hey guys sorry about all the problems with this story. I had some personal things come up that made it hard to get done. This will be the last piece of this story for now. In the future I'm going to get them completely written before publishing so hopefully that will be better for you guys. Let me know what you thought if Liliana and Victor's story!