I pulled into a rest stop just before the state line. The gas tank was almost empty and my bladder was almost full. I parked at the pump and held out my credit card toward Elysa.
"I gotta pee. Want to fill up the tank?"
She glanced down, "Like this?" She asked.
Somehow it had slipped my mind that she wasn't wearing anything but a sweater. But the thought piqued my imagination, and her face suggested she was ready.
"Like that." I nodded.
She nervously stretched her sweater as low as it would go, barely two inches below her crotch. "Okay," she agreed, "but only if you stay and watch."
"I can hold it if you put on a show." I said. I'd be a fool not to watch.
She stepped cautiously out of the car and slowly crept around to the gas pump. A sliver of her bare buns peeked out beneath her shirt. She surveyed the scene, her hands nervously tugging at her single piece of clothing. The rest stop wasn't too crowded, but far from empty. Everyone appeared too hurried or too focused on other tasks to notice the bottomless girl sneaking around the lot. She let go of her shirt to unscrew the gas cap and the persistent breeze caught the loose fabric. I watched her in the side mirror. She caught my eye in the reflection and lifted her shirt for a brief second, flashing a cute smile and her bare crotch at me.
Soon she was playfully exposing herself; bending over, straddling the pump nozzle, letting the wind catch her sweater. Surely enough, a few people gave a second, or third glance her way, but luckily no one did anything more than inconspicuously stare.
The tank full, Elysa strutted up to my driver's side window and leaned in, resting her elbows on the door.
"That was fun." she said, handing back my card and planting a kiss on my cheek. She leaned over me, baring her hips and lower back to the world as she stretched to grab her small purse. "I'm gonna go to the ladies room."
"Like that?" I echoed.
"Like this." She stood up and pressed her body into the open window, lifting her shirt up to her belly button. I ran my fingers across the fine black hairs on her crotch and she inhaled with a shudder.
"Have fun." I said, pinching the mound just above her clit and sending another shudder through her.
I watched her step across the lot toward the bathrooms. Now people were starting to notice. Nearly every head turned as she passed. Seemingly undeterred, her hips swayed with a slight swagger as she walked on, head high, pretending she wasn't turned on by the attention.
I drove away from the pump, parked in a far corner of the service area and hopped out. I momentarily fantasized about following Elysa into the bathroom, bending her over the sink counter and ramming her from behind; or perhaps pressed against the stall partition with her feet wrapped around my waist. I knew it was far too risky, so instead I made use of the men's room and returned to the car. I stared off at the landscape awaiting her return. Images of the past days replayed in my head, and I grew more and more aroused as the seconds passed.
My phone buzzed, snapping my attention back to reality. We hadn't had a cell signal in so long I forgot my phone was even on. I looked down to see a message from Elysa. I opened it to see a bigger surprise: a picture of her standing in the middle of the restroom, reflected in the mirror. A few people were visible in the background but no one facing her. Her free hand was lifting her shirt up to her hip. She was winking, with a playful smile. A caption read "Hope I don't get caught! ; )"
I was about to put the phone down when it buzzed again.
The next message contained similar pic, but this time her shirt was completely off! In one hand she held her phone, the other clutched her bunched sweater high over her head. She was standing totally nude in the middle of the public restroom, legs spread apart, her eyes and mouth beamed with excitement. "All alone! (I hope)" said the caption.
I thumbed between the two pictures. I was already hard from watching Elysa's show at the gas pump, but something about those photos - that little voyeuristic view into the ladies' bathroom, with my sexy girlfriend strutting around naked, showing off her amazing body, practically daring someone to walk in on her - was intensely arousing.
It was the third photo that really made my heart leap: Elysa sitting on the toilet, still completely naked, biting her lip and pinching a nipple. Her hand held the camera high, pointed down at her legs, spread wide, with a clearly visible stream of pee flowing from between them.
My eyes went wide. I looked around to see if anyone was near, then unbuttoned my shorts and lowered my zipper. My cock was already twitching with excitement. I slowly unzipped my sweatshirt and pulled it open. I wasn't wearing a shirt, or underwear. I sat there with my clothes half-off, my bare chest framed by open zippers. Risk be damned, I thought. I sunk into the seat as I started to masturbate. If anyone walked by, I'd be easily caught, but I didn't care. I was horny as hell and I wanted to have something waiting for my gorgeous little exhibitionist when she returned.
Elysa bounced out of the restroom without a care in the world. Heads turned, sunglasses lifted, and she elicited more than a few gasps. I watched her from a distance in the rear view, patiently stroking my cock. She stopped at the curb, a ring of onlookers circled about her as she scanned the parked cars for a familiar one. I think someone even worked up the nerve to say something to her. She ignored him and fished her phone out of her purse. A few seconds later mine buzzed.
"where r u?"
"Look to your right, far corner." I replied.
I saw her look up, then the flash of recognition and relief in her posture. She took a deep breath, then took off running toward me. She dropped into her seat, smiling innocently for a moment before noticing what I was doing.
"Woah, Andy!" she exclaimed, impressed.
"Nice photos, gorgeous." I said, stroking myself.
"Hey, I got to see you pee. It only seemed fair!" She leaned across and licked my earlobe. "Maybe next time I'll let you come and watch."
"Think I'd rather watch first, then cum." I replied, as I put my hand on the back of her head and pushed it into my lap.
She smiled and licked her lips. I bit my tongue to keep my face from contorting, trying to avoid any more attention than we had already attracted. A few keen eyes had followed Elysa as she ran, and probably kept watching her after she hopped into the car and disappeared below the dash.
The bustle of the gas station and rest area reflected in the rear view mirror. Cars sped on the highway just in front of us. Risk be damned, I had to have her here.
I reclined the seat and gripped her hair tightly. I pushed her head down slowly but forcefully, feeling the tip of my cock slide down the back of her throat. She gagged slightly, moaning to signal her approval. I held her there for a second, then yanked her head back and to the side to face me. A thread of spit slung from the tip of her tongue back to my pulsing, wet erection. Her breathless panting gave way to an intense, carnal grin.
"Get on top of me" I commanded.
"Only if you keep pulling my hair like that." she insisted.
I leaned back as Elysa straddled me. She gripped my cock, slippery with her saliva, and directed it into her. She accepted me easily.
"You're so wet" I whispered.
"Walking around with my pussy exposed got me so horny" she replied breathlessly, sliding all the way up my cock and back down to the base. "and feeling your cock in my throat made me wetter."
I pulled her close to me, pressing one hand on her back and taking a fistful of her hair in the other, I held her down as I thrust up, hard, from under her. "Oh yes, oh yes, faster!" she pleaded. I buried myself in her, skin slapping on skin. Her whole body tensed and released, I tightened my grip, trying to stay low in the seat and out of view. I slowed as her muscles loosened.
Her eyes seemed to lock on something in the distance as she continued riding me. "I think someone's watching us." she said, excitedly.
In a half-panic, I started to sit up and turn. Elysa quickly put her hands on my shoulders and pressed me back into the seat.
"Don't stop!" she moaned. "If they wanna watch, let's give 'em something to remember."
She sat up, still slowly sliding along my engorged member. I gripped her tiny waist, my fingertips nearly touching around her slender circumference. She guided her own hands up her ribs toward her breasts, lifting her sweater and leaning back, still staring off towards the stranger - or strangers? - watching.
*HONK!*
Elysa's arm brushed the car horn as she leaned back on the wheel, startling us both. I shot up in surprise and Elysa sprung forward with a yelp.
"Whoops" she said with a deadpan sarcasm. "They definitely noticed that." she continued looking past me to the audience we were starting to attract.
She wrapped her arms around me and pressed my face into her chest, then playfully pulled her sweater over my head, burying me in the hot darkness between it and her steamy skin. I licked the salt sweat from her breasts and brushed her nipple with my teeth, eliciting another yelp. She pressed against me and rolled her hips around in my lap, pulling every nerve in my body towards climax.
"I want to taste you again." She moaned, climbing off of me and kneeling on the passengers seat.
As she lowered her head I felt myself pass the point of no return. She barely had time to prepare. The lightest touch of her tongue on the head of my throbbing cock and I burst into her open mouth. She recoiled in surprise but I held her head tight as I fired successive pulses of cum down her willing throat.
"Take it all, you beautiful slut." I growled at her in a moment of primal lust. "Swallow my cum for your audience."
"Mmhmm" she mumbled in delight, swallowing a final load.
She lifted her head to look up at me, still panting. Her lips glistened with spit and semen, and her hair was heavy with sweat. The look in her eyes was different, like something new had awakened, a deep and fierce desire within her. We'd explored flashing and teasing, even fucking, in the secluded outdoors of the desert, and I had wondered if our return to more populated areas would mean an end to our game of dares. Looking in her eyes at the rest area parking lot, with dozens of people around and a few obviously watching, I had my answer.
"God that was so good." Elysa said, sitting back on her knees, ruffling her shirt to cool herself. She ran her fingers through her matted hair and continued, "I've been having so much fun getting naked in public I almost forgot how much I love when you're rough with me."
I smiled, started the car and turned the fans on high to cool us both off. "I don't think it would be too much to combine those, do you?"
Elysa leaned forward and kissed my lips. "Not at all. I'll be your beautiful slut anywhere you want, baby."
With that, she reclined her seat and laid back. The hem of her sweater rested at her ribcage, and she spread her knees as she fanned her bare belly and legs. She sighed easily and closed her eyes. I left my clothes open as well, enjoying the cool breeze of the air conditioner on my skin. We sat for a moment of calm, then I put the car into gear and backed out of the parking spot. I felt the eyes follow us, and I looked over at Elysa, bottomless and spread eagle next to me. I flashed back to the driving daydream I'd had on our first afternoon, realizing my fantasy had just come true. With a smug smile, I rolled slowly around the lot, giving the voyeurs one final view before returning to the highway.