I was at home waiting for my Dom to come home. I was in a bratty mood overall and had plans to attack. I had set several jokes for Him like all his clothes had holes in them, all his left shoes were hidden, and his masculine scent of the shower had been replaced with floral.
I went about the day waiting for Him to come home. Dinner was cooking in the crock pot filling the house with a refreshing aroma spreading throughout the rooms. I had dressed for the occasion in my knee high boots, super mini skirt, crop top, and a bow in my hair. I thought I looked super sweet and slutty, dirty girl. He liked me that way so it would keep him off my scent of rotten things I had done.
That was when I heard the door open. I walked out to greet him. "Hey, how was your day?"
"Pretty good my Vixen," he replied. "Let me go get cleaned up for dinner and we can eat."
He headed for the bathroom and I could hear the water turn on. I knew he would find the first trick soon. I had switched his shampoo with a girly scented shampoo instead. He would not be pleased.
I waited for his anger from the behind the bathroom door but it didn't come. He got dressed and came to the dining room. "What happened to my clothes?"
"I don't know what you mean," I replied slyly. "What's wrong with them?"
"They all have holes!" He sat down in his spot and started eating. "Sit down you Vixen. Take your top off and make my day better."
I slid my top off and put it on the ground then took my seat. My breasts sat just above the tabletop where He could see my hard nipples. I could feel the dampness between my legs forming. I loved being on display just for him. However I didn't do so well with others.
We ate dinner with Him staring at my tits. He got up when he finished eating and came over tweaking my nipples and flicking the hard tips while I attempted to finish eating. It was hard for me to concentrate with him toying with my nipples. He moved behind me and whispered in my ear to stand up. I could smell all the floral products I had switched out.
I stood up like he told me to do. I felt his hands on my hips pulling down my skirt showing that I wore no panties. "Let's go for a walk."
I moved towards the door. He opened the door and helped my over the threshold. That was when I heard the door shut and the lock engage. I found myself naked on the porch in nothing but those knee high boots.
"Next time Vixen, don't switch out everything. I feel like leaving you outside for awhile. I'm thinking until you learn your lesson I think you should start walking around the neighborhood."
"But it's cold out," I whined.
"You should have thought of that before!"
I cried for a bit in a ball on the porch trying to hide my body. I thought he might feel bad for me but he didn't. That was when I noticed how the cold was affecting my nipples keeping them hard. I looked around and didn't see anyone. Maybe I should just start walking so he would let me back in the house.
I started walking with my head held high. I heard something and tried hiding behind a bush. I didn't see anyone around so I started walking again. My pussy was getting wet and I wanted to touch myself so much. I looked around as I reached between my legs. I flicked my nub a bit. It felt so good I found myself grabbing one of my tits to pinch my nipple.
My legs started buckling under me as my arousal increased. I decided there wouldn't be too much harm if I just stopped here for a bit and fucked myself a bit. I crouched down and rubbed my nub a little slow at first, then picking up the pace. I heard a car engine which made me get even more wet thinking I might get caught. How would I explain being naked and fucking myself in the middle of a sidewalk late at night?
I rubbed faster trying to cum so I could hide again. I just needed to cum and finish myself off so I could move on. I starting cumming as the car pulled over and I heard the door close shut. The footsteps were coming towards me. I had found a kids toy to hide behind hoping he hadn't seen me. My luck wasn't that great.
I felt the guys hands on me. "Are you the dirty slut?"
I just nodded my head as I listened to his zipper unzipping. He started stroking his cock calling me whore and slut. As he called me a whore and slut, I felt the heat between my legs inflamed again. He busted all over my chest, zipped up his pants, and left me there covered in his hot mess. I played with my nub until I came again.
I got back up and started walking again. I wonder how long he is gonna make me stay out here walking. That guys jizz was dripping down my nipple causing little ripples of my body being turned on. My pussy was wetter than ever before and my nipples were rock solid and unrelenting to unburden.
Another car was approaching. My pussy lips clenched together emitting more liquid to pool between my legs. This time 2 guys got out of the car. "I'm over here!" The guys quickly walked my way. I squatted between them grabbing hold of their cocks and stroking them up and down. I took turns using my mouth on each guy. I heard them moan each time my mouth locked around their cocks. I felt them start to tense up as I helped their cocks draw their cum over my chest. As the left me there, I rubbed their semen all over my tits using it as a lubricant.
Another person walked over as I rubbed in the semen. He whipped out his cock and started fucking my pussy. He was thrusting my hard and rough like the dirty slut he kept calling me. I started moaning as I came around his cock. He pulled out and shot his cum onto my belly. Leaving me once more all alone.
I got back up and started walking again. I started thinking of those random guys and how turned on I had gotten from their encounters with me. I wish I had my vibrator to fuck me so I could cum some more. Another car was driving up again. I wonder what they would do to me.
This time it was a smoking hot brunette. Her tits were almost as good as mine. She came over to me and said, "Be a good slut and lay down."
I laid back and spread my legs wide open. She started fucking me with a vibrator she had pulled out of her pocket. I reached over and unbuttoned her top so I could get to her tits. I was greedy as fuck for her boobs to be in in my mouth as she fucked me. I screamed out against her nipple as I started to cum. I bit her nipple causing her to cum too. She pulled her nipple out of my mouth and started licking up my messy pussy. Her tongue felt so good. My hands tangled in her hair pushing her against me more. I started cumming into her mouth like the dirty slut she believed me to be.
She finished me off and got up to leave with her tits still hanging out. I got up wanting to hurry to get home so I could get His cock deep inside me. I needed it like I needed that chicks tits. I quickly move my naked ass down the street my ass cheeks clapping together and my tits flopping in the wind. The more my body parts moved around, the more I needed His cock.
I made it back to the porch. I looked down noticing how much of a whore I looked like. But a whore would have gotten paid. He was sitting on the porch doing something. I couldn't quite make it out. "On all fours, no shower you fucking slut."
I walked inside going to the playroom. I could hear a video playing. I opened the door to the room and could see the video was of my naked walk. I got on all fours, facing the screen so I could watch. I heard His footsteps approaching behind me.
"You are a dirty slut," he said as he slapped my ass. "Fucking strangers in the night and walking around with their jizz all over you. Enjoying every second walking naked in boots and jizz like a cheap hooker. You only made $400 between all of them."
I got wet hearing they paid for me. His hand smacked my ass again. My ass turning a bit pink. He spread my legs apart so he could see between my legs. He slid his hand between my pussy lips checking to see how wet I am. I am drenched again. He spanks my ass harder. "You dirty slut! You are soaking wet! You need more spankings you dirty slut."
He started spanking me harder and harder until I let out a scream. That's when I see the hot chick on the screen fucking me. I started cumming as the next spank contacted my ass. I felt him move behind me, grabbing my hips, and thrusting his hard cock into my soaking pussy. He fucked me, pulling my ass into his stomach with enough force to make it clap. I moaned and begged for more as I watched that chick licking my pussy clean. My tits were bouncing against me as he slammed his cock in me.
I felt him start cumming deep inside me which caused me to cum all over his cock. He pulled out of me and moved in front of me to stick his cock down my throat to clean his cock. "Every last drop you slut!"
As I sucked the last of my juices off him, he threw the $400 at my chest. It stuck to my tits that had been covered in semen as I watched the last of the video of that naked walk. Next time I should be better prepared for the consequences, I thought as I headed to get in the shower.