I had been away from home for several weeks on business and the weather had turned from cold to cool and finally, warm in my absence. My wife, Judy, had taken the opportunity to enjoy the sunshine and spent several days at the local secluded beach we enjoyed so much. The Golden sands, warm waters, smells of spring and a good bottle of wine had her feeling very nice indeed, and just a little bit horny.
Myself, I was as horny as a 14 year old boy with his first Penthouse magazine and a jar of vaseline... so when I arrived home I was more than a little miffed when she declined my offer of a nice romp in the bedroom. The excuses were many and varied, "the Kids will hear", "I'm not feeling well", "I'm too tired"... and I even got the oldie and goldie... "I have a headache".
So I was very pleasantly suprised the next morning when I awoke with Judy's lips wrapped around my cock. I placed my hands on the back of her head as I started to fuck her face... but she pulled away and left me dangling again. I was beginning to feel very frustrated, but suspected that she was planning something special. This was confirmed after she got the kids to school, and came in to announce that she was taking me to the beach for the day. She proceeded to pack a light lunch and a pre-chilled bottle of champagne, while I took a quick shower. By the time I had showered and dressed, Judy was waiting in her convertible ready to go with the roof down. I slipped into the passenger seat and she powered away. As we rounded the first bend, she placed her left foot onto the centre console, which revealed for the first time, that she was naked under her summer dress and that she had shaved herself bare.
This view was almost more than I could bear as my hand slid over towards her. But she pushed me away again and just said "Watch!". Judy then took her left hand off the steering wheel and slid her fingers down towards her hot, wet pussy. She opened her lips up for me to see the moistness inside then plunged three fingers deep into her depths whilst letting out the sexiest moan. All the time she never took her eyes from the road as she continued to slide her fingers in and out of herself, in tune to the music coming from the sound system.
By now my cock was as hard as I had ever felt it and I was afraid that I would burst. But before I knew it, we had arrived at the car park of our beach and I was sad to see that there were two other cars there. Judy demurely slid her foot down and licked her fingers as she then stepped from the car. If anyone was standing in the carpark, they would have seen a very wet and open pussy as she did so. She popped the boot and reached in to grab our hamper and I quickly grabbed her from behind as she was bent over... thrusting my hardon against her arse. Judy moaned, and again, told me to wait. So I stepped back to admire the view and became aware that her short dress had crept up and over her arse cheeks while she was bent over into the boot. This revealed to me and anyone else in the carpark, the sexiest, hottest pussy that was begging to be fucked, that I had ever seen. Luckily, there was no-one else in the carpark at the time.
Judy then took me by the hand and led me onto the pathway that took us to the beach. We talked for a while, about what I have no idea, as I was totally blown away by her behaviour. So when we made it to our regular spot, it was only then that I realised that there was someone else there. My immediatte disappointment soon turned to wondering as I realised that it was my wifes' best friend, Jasmine, and that she was sunbaking topless.
To describe the scene would not do these ladies justice, but I will try. Both Judy and Jasmine are just over 5 foot tall and are both a Size 8, with the sexiest arses and breasts that are very proportinate to thier height and build. Both in their late 30's they are the very flower of womanhood and they know it. So as I set up the beach shade, Judy laid out her towel next to Jasmine and removed her dress, leaving her totally naked. As she laid on her towel, Jasmine commented that she was overdressed for the occasion and lifted her arse up, as she slid her bikini bottoms of and put them with the rest of her gear. Now I had seen her topless before, but naked? This was a first, but as I was to discover, only for me.
I then looked around to see another couple about 400 metres away. So I felt reasonably safe with what the girls were doing. I laid my towel down next to Jude, and grabbed the Champagne and three glasses... This told me that Judy knew that Jasmine would be here. I did not say anything, as I just poured the chilled bubbly and passed the glasses around. The girls then started some small talk about my trip and then the conversation moved to what they had been up to while I was away. It started to come out that they had spent the last 5 days at the beach, and I noticed that neither had any tan lines at all. I commented on this and the girls just chuckled.
The conversation then turned to how horny it made them feel and I was about to pass another glass of wine to Jasmine when Jude suddenly sat up. This caused me to spill champers on her breasts and I reached for a towel, but Jasmine just reached across and began to lick Judy's breasts as she tried to get all the wine. Her lips wrapped around Jude's nipple and Jude layed back down with a moan escaping from her mouth. Jasmine worked her lips all over Judy's breasts and began to slide down towards her pussy. As her lips crossed the threshold Jasmine swung her legs over Judy's face and planted her pussy on Jude's face as I watched in awe as both women began to frantically tongue each others pussy's in a wild 69.
This was way too much for me, as I released my cock from my board shorts and began to stroke my straining member. From my angle I had a perfect view of Jasmines' gapping pussy and arse, so I reached around and slid my fingers into her wetness. This seemed to spur her on and Judy just plunged her tongue harder and harder onto Jasmines' Clitoris. Before too long Jasmine started to cum and as she did so, I moved around behind her with my legs straddling my wifes face. I positioned my cock at the entrance to Jasies pussy and then felt my wife as she tongued my cock from underneath.
This was all the encouragement I needed as I slammed my rockhard cock deep onto Jasmine waiting love canal. She let out a load screaming moan as I continued to pound as hard as I could. She tried hard to concentrate on my wifes' pussy but it eventually became too much for her, as a massive orgasm wracked her entire body. My cock pounding away and my wife sucking her clit were just too much for her as she collapsed on top of Judy, spent and exhausted. I slid out of her whilst on the verge of cumming myself and gently laid her out on her towel. Judy then climbed on top of Jasmine and commenced licking Jasmines' pussy again, as Jasmine eventually began to do the same to Judy. I slid in behind my wife and enjoyed my second pussy for the morning, as I felt Jasmine begin to suck Judy's Clit. It wasn't long until Judy was writhing in orgasm and as her loving pussy gripped my hard cock in the throes of ecstacy, I was also pushed over the edge and my cock spurted weeks worth of cum inside Judy's waiting body. As my cock softened, I slid gently from her body and enjoyed the pleasure of Jasmine licking the length of my cock as I did so. She then wrapped her lips onto Judy's cum filled pussy and proceeded to suck my cum from her pussy.
We laid there for a while before we decided to have a swim. We stayed for a while, enjoying a light lunch, then headed home as we commenced making plans for the up coming Spring Ball.
To be continued...