This story is a follow-up to the Sharing Jill series. I didn't add it as a new chapter because I wanted it to be a stand-alone story where you didn't have to read five other chapters to enjoy reading it. It has also been a while since I last wrote a chapter in that series too.
**************************
While Jill and Kevin had enjoyed a flurry of wild adventures after he had convinced his wife to open their relationship to allow her to explore having sex with several male partners. It also went against her conservative, Asian-American upbringing, but Jill finally gave in to her most basic sexual urges and had very satisfying sexual relationships with an older neighbor, a sexy former student, co-workers among other multiple partners. Jill did this with the full knowledge and encouragement of Kevin who participated in some of the adventures or reveled in hearing all of the juicy details when Jill would wander sexually when he was not present. Her becoming more willing to experiment sexually also sparked the love life she shared with her husband.
Things changed dramatically when Jill got pregnant with their first child. She knew it was Kevin's baby but it made her stop and think of what would happen if she got pregnant by one of her other lovers. With her petite, Asian body undergoing a dramatic change, Jill no longer felt sexy. She didn't feel she was sexy even before she became more sexually active because of her small breasts and frame. Jill's self-confidence rose when she realized that other men were, indeed, attracted to her but now she was going to be entering a new phase in her life, that of a mother who needed to set an example for their child. Jill didn't want her newborn daughter to know that her mother had a history of being a slut and the days of her being promiscuous were now over.
Kevin completely understood his wife's feelings but that didn't stop him from hoping to convince Jill to repeat those glory days. Unfortunately, his efforts were unsuccessful, and was left to relive those memories in his mind. Jill being pregnant did have its benefits though. There were times when her changing hormones made her extremely horny and her small breasts became larger and more full.
After their daughter was born, their sex life took a backseat which many couples experience. The needs of a baby take precedence over everything else while both Kevin and Jill juggled the pressures of becoming parents with work. Now that their daughter was a toddler, Kevin had given up hope of Jill ever returning to her wilder days. The positives of their new life are that they had brought another person into this world and could help their daughter grow up to be an adult. Jill's job as a professor at a local university allowed her plenty of time off to give their child the love and attention she needed. During the breaks, Kevin and Jill would still take their daughter to daycare several days per week to allow Jill time to run errands and to teach a class or two remotely. It also saved their spot in a very competitive daycare situation.
One day shortly after Jill's spring semester ended, Kevin came home from work and informed her, "It looks like we're getting some new neighbors."
"Yeah, it looks like a middle-aged couple with their two sons. The boys might be in college," Jill replied.
It's only natural to be curious when you get new neighbors so Jill had been keeping a watchful eye on them most of the day. The family had a moving company bringing in most of their stuff but it didn't appear like they had a lot of boxes for four people. Over the next couple of days, more boxes were brought in, utility companies were seen turning on the power and internet. Jill kept peeking out the window to satisfy her curiosity about the new neighbors. While the boys were still around, Jill hadn't seen the parents which she found odd. Kevin told her to quit being nosey but she was home all day and couldn't help herself.
The one thing Jill noticed was that the older brother was extremely handsome with a great body while the younger brother was overweight and not as attractive. The older brother had dark hair, a day-old beard, broad shoulders, and a muscular chest that stretched the fabric of his tight t-shirt. He often wore gym shorts and had equally muscular legs. In short, he was hot. Jill couldn't help checking out the older brother when he was outside and even felt her pussy getting damp.
After several days, Kevin and Jill noticed that the parents were no longer around. One morning after dropping their daughter off at daycare, Jill ran into the older brother outside and he came over to introduce himself.
"Hi, I'm Ryan your new neighbor. I just moved in next door with my brother Chuck."
"Hello, nice to meet you. My name is Jill and my husband, Kevin and I live here with our daughter, Marie. So your parents aren't living here too?"
"No, they bought this house while my brother and I go to school. It's cheaper than paying to live in the dorms and an off-campus apartment, plus with the hot housing market, they'll probably make a nice profit in a few years. We plan on getting a couple of roommates too."
"Oh, so you're going to the university?"
"Yeah, I'm in grad school and my brother is junior."
"Well, welcome to the neighborhood, Ryan."
"Thanks, Jill. I'm glad we have such a beautiful neighbor."
Jill was flattered by Ryan's compliment and only strengthened her infatuation with her handsome, young neighbor. Over the next week or so, Jill and Ryan exchanged pleasantries with Ryan never going without complimenting Jill on her attire, her lovely smile, or beautiful big brown eyes. One afternoon, Jill had just come back from grocery shopping and was struggling to handle a fidgety Marie and the several bags of food, and boxes of diapers she purchased. Ryan noticed and offered assistance. At first, Jill told him she could handle it but Ryan didn't listen and helped her unload the car and carry the items into the house. Ryan complimented Jill on the nice home she and Kevin had but his eyes were drawn to the inground pool in the backyard.
"Wow, that's a nice pool you have."
"Thank you, Ryan. It comes in handy on a hot day like today."
"I bet it does. I used to be on my college swim team and enjoy a good swim."
"You can come over anytime you want."
"I couldn't impose like that."
"It's no imposition at all, Ryan. I'm going to put Marie down for a nap after I feed her. You're more than welcome to come back and enjoy the pool."
"Really? Are you sure you wouldn't mind?"
"I wouldn't mind at all. Sometimes, I miss working in the summertime and could use the company. Come back in about an hour."
"I think I'll take you up on that, Jill. It's a scorcher out here today."
"You can invite your brother too if you like."
"He won't come. He's not into swimming. He's probably in the house playing video games with his friends."
Not only was Jill being neighborly offering to let Ryan use the pool, but she had an ulterior motive. She secretly wanted to see him in his swim trunks. From her upstairs office window, Jill had been acting as a voyeur whenever Ryan was outside. He would mow the lawn without wearing a shirt. Jill was awestruck by his well-defined chest and arm muscles, and broad shoulders. The sight of his six-pack abs drove her wild. She also noticed that several different girls would often visit him at all times of the day and night. Ryan was understandably very popular with the ladies and she could see why.
After Jill and Marie had lunch, Jill put the toddler down for what would hopefully be a long nap. She changed into a modest bikini but put a beach coverup over it, then waited for Ryan. Jill got a broad smile on her face when she heard the backyard gate open with Ryan appearing a few moments later.
"Are you sure I'm not imposing?" Ryan asked.
"You're fine. I'm looking forward to talking to another adult after dealing with Marie all morning," Jill replied half in jest.
Jill tried not to stare as Ryan pulled off his tank top allowing Jill to get a close-up view of his muscular torso and abs. Jill couldn't help but stare when Ryan pulled down his shorts to reveal that he was wearing a Speedo swim brief. Her eyes were drawn immediately to the large lump in the front, the way the light fabric cupped his heavy balls and his tight, muscular buns in the back. Jill had a live version of a calendar model in her backyard which made her pussy wet. She tried to control her naughty thoughts as her eyes studied every inch of her young neighbor's athletic body. Jill had to fight the urge to drop to her knees, peel down his briefs and stuff his large cock into her mouth while having a firm grasp on his gorgeous ass cheeks. She watched closely as Ryan rubbed suntan lotion on his mostly naked, 6'4" body, making his muscles glisten in the afternoon sun.
When Ryan struggled to put the lotion on his back, Jill spoke up and asked, "Do you want some help?"
"Yes, please. We hardly know each other so I didn't want to ask for help."
When Jill replied, "It would be my pleasure," she wasn't only being polite, she meant it.
Ryan handed her the lotion and Jill spread some on his back as he sat on a lounge chair in front of her. Jill's hands glided over Ryan's hard, powerful, swimmer's shoulders then down his broad, powerful back. She took her time to ensure his entire back was covered.
When Jill was finished, she asked Ryan, "Will you do me, now?"
Ryan couldn't hold back a nervous laugh while Jill blushed when she realized her question had a double meaning. She turned her back and felt Ryan's large, strong hands touching her soft skin which sent shivers down her spine. Jill had to fight to keep herself from moaning out loud as Ryan's hands glided over her back. When he was done he returned his hands up to her shoulder and neck area.
As Ryan began to massage Jill, he said, "Wow, you're really tense."
Jill was melting to his touch and didn't want him to stop but she also didn't want things to spin out of control, after all, she was a mother now so she enjoyed the impromptu massage for a couple of minutes before standing up. Ryan joined her in the pool to cool off on a hot, summer day. Jill got out of the pool to check the baby monitor several times which allowed Ryan to feast his eyes on her petite MILF body. When he got out of the pool, Jill couldn't help but notice how the wet fabric of his swim briefs clung even tighter to his youthful, athletic lower body. His cock, which appeared to be larger than average, was perfectly outlined so much that she could clearly define the head from the shaft. When he turned around, the fabric closely followed the contours of his tight, muscular ass. Jill had a real-life Adonis in her backyard.
Unbeknownst to his neighbor, Ryan was intentionally teasing Jill all afternoon. He was confident, almost arrogant, in knowing women loved his body, his boyish smile, and his charming manners. He had never been with a married young mom before and was hoping to add one to his list of sexual conquests. He had other swimsuits but noticed the look in Jill's eyes when they talked and saw her watching him when he was doing yard work, so he wore the briefs to give her a good look at his body.
By the time Ryan left, Jill's pussy was ablaze. Working full-time and being a mom took its toll on her and Kevin's love life but seeing a more than half-naked Ryan lit a flame deep within her loins. Soon after she put Marie to bed later that evening, Jill let Kevin know she was more than ready for some wild action in the bedroom. It was unusual for her to be so horny in the middle of the week but Kevin wasn't going to argue with his newfound luck.
Kevin wasn't ignorant though and he knew something got his wife's juices flowing while he was at work. After he fucked her that night, he pressed her for answers until she finally cracked and confessed to her afternoon swim with their handsome neighbor. Kevin's dirty mind went to work and he knew she was fantasizing about Ryan while he was fucking her. Jill knew Kevin wasn't jealous and now that he knew what got her so horny, he made her tell him all about her afternoon. Kevin got hard again after hearing Jill tell him how she was admiring their young neighbors extremely fit body and even helped him apply suntan lotion to his back.
When Kevin fucked Jill again, he made her pretend it was Ryan fucking her, and say things like, "Oh, fuck me, Ryan. I want you to fuck me hard. I want your nice young dick in my pussy, Ryan."
It got them both off. It also planted a seed in Kevin's mind that maybe, just maybe, their new hunk of a neighbor might break his long drought of seeing his wife in bed with another man. Before they turned out the lights that night, Kevin told Jill he was okay with whatever happened between her and Ryan. Jill quickly dismissed those thoughts.
"I've seen some of the girls that Ryan has brought to the house. They're young and pretty. I'm sure he wouldn't want anything to do with an older woman with a child."
"You never thought any of those other guys would want you either but they found you very sexy and attractive. Don't be surprised if he tries to get you into bed. If he does, I want to hear all about it later."
"You're such a pervert, Kevin," Jill jokingly replied.
"Well, that should come as no surprise to you after all these years, babe."
Not that Jill needed any encouragement, but her conversation with her husband only fueled her crush on Ryan. Whenever he was outside, Jill made a point to talk to him even if were only for a few minutes. He set up a workout area on his back patio and Jill would watch from her upstairs bedroom window as her sexy neighbor lifted weights, keeping those muscles toned and seeing sweat pouring down his hard, muscled body. Jill would pull out her vibrator at times and fantasize about what she would like to do with Ryan but was convinced he would never find her attractive enough to try and sleep with her. The thought of Ryan making wild passionate love to her only added to her sexual desires from which Kevin benefited.
One afternoon while Jill was working in her upstairs office on a cool summer day, she heard a scream come from next door. She was concerned that someone was in trouble and looked out her window. She heard more muffled screams coming from next door and went into her bedroom to look out that window. Their bedroom faced a bedroom next door and what she saw shocked her.
Ryan's window and shades were open allowing her to see into his bedroom. He was fucking a young blonde woman and she was begging for him to fuck her harder. The screams she heard were not screams of someone crying for help, they were screams of the blonde wanting more of Ryan's dick. Jill stood back so she wouldn't be seen and watched as Ryan drilled the young woman's pussy. She was thrusting her hips up to meet his with her legs wrapped around his back. Jill knew she should respect her neighbor's privacy but she couldn't take her eyes off of the furious lovemaking taking place before her eyes.
Jill could only wish that Ryan was fucking her that hard with a larger-than-average-sized dick too. Her hand drifted into her shorts and panties and started to play with her clit. Jill watched for a few minutes as the young couple fucked in her full view. She saw Ryan's naked ass tighten each time he plunged himself into his beautiful date, then relax as he pulled back. As the young woman began to cum, Jill likewise responded and brought herself to an orgasm. Little did Ryan know, but he made two women cum that day. When he came, he thrust himself into his date several times, squeezing his ass cheeks even tighter as he released his cum. When he was done, the young lady licked him clean and that's when Jill saw how truly big his cock was. She wished it was her sucking his dick after he came inside her pussy.
When Ryan withdrew his dick from the woman's mouth he turned around and looked towards Jill's window. She got scared and jumped to the side. Did he see her watching? What would he think? Would he be upset if he saw her watching?
From that day forward, anytime Jill saw a young lady going into Ryan's house she would go into her bedroom about half an hour later and see Ryan fucking them. He seemed to frequently have a new date. Jill saw him eating their pussies, them sucking his dick and fucking them in a multitude of positions. Each time, she would use her vibrator or fingers to bring herself off dreaming of someday fucking Ryan herself.
One time after Ryan got done fucking one of his female friends, he must have asked her a question to which she nodded her approval. Jill watched as Ryan left the room and came back with his brother Chuck. Ryan left them alone while Chuck stripped off his clothes. He was the polar opposite of Ryan, short, chubby with a smallish dick. Ryan obviously set his brother up to get laid which Jill was sure didn't happen that often. The girl blew Chuck for a few moments before he climbed between her legs and fucked her. He didn't last too long, came and left the room. Shortly thereafter, the girl got dressed and also left.
Whenever Jill would watch Ryan's sexual activities, she would later tell Kevin which would lead to a fun night of sex for them. There were times at night that Kevin was able to see some of the action himself which only drove his desire to have his wife sleep with their neighbor too. Ryan's voracious sexual appetite turned out to be a benefit for Kevin. This went on for several weeks with Kevin continuing to encourage Jill to have some sexual fun with Ryan if the opportunity arose. She continued to deny that a young man who had his choice of sexual partners would ever want to have sex with her. Kevin was unsuccessful in convincing her otherwise.
Jill would still play the voyeur of Ryan's sexual activities, watch him doing yard work, and work out. A couple of times per week, he would come over to use the pool during the day. Jill couldn't help but undress him with her eyes, especially after seeing him naked several times with an erection. She relished the times when she could apply suntan lotion to his tight, muscular body and got a charge when he would return the favor. He took more liberties to massage her neck and shoulders with Jill almost melting to his touch.
Ryan would never fail to compliment Jill on her beauty, being a great mom, or her attire. What Jill didn't know was that Ryan was plotting to get her to have sex with him. He knew he had to be careful trying to fuck a married woman living next door. However, he was an unapologetic horndog who tried to lay as many women as he possibly could. The more Jill and Ryan talked during their afternoon swims, the closer they became. They did some mild flirting while they frolicked in the pool. At times, Jill would playfully splash Ryan and he would grab her to try to get her to stop. In doing so, his hands would touch various parts of Jill's bare skin and, there were times, his hands would get a quick feel of her ass. He would also pick her up in his strong arms and toss her into the water like a rag doll. Jill found his overpowering strength an extreme turn-on.
Jill would tell Kevin each time Ryan came over to the house while he was at work which would end up with Kevin fucking his hot wife. Kevin would keep encouraging Jill to take things further with Ryan but she was still reluctant to sleep with their young neighbor. She did take the liberty of wearing more revealing bikinis though. They weren't anything outrageous, after all, Jill was still a conservative dressing Asian-American but they were a bit more cheeky, showing more of her ass and even more when she moved around when the fabric would be pulled further between her ass cheeks. She knew Ryan was checking out her butt so Jill would leave her cheeks exposed for a while before pulling the bottoms back in place and not being shy about bending over in front of him.
Ryan was experienced enough to know when a woman was flirting with him but he was still unsure if Jill would be willing to explore a sexual relationship with him. There is no doubt that he wanted to fuck Jill, but for once, he was listening to his brain, not his dick, and taking things slow. Things could get messy if Kevin were the jealous type and found out. If Jill didn't live next door it would be an entirely different matter. However, the more they hung out, the more Ryan wanted to fuck Jill.
Jill wasn't the only voyeur in the neighborhood either. After peeking into Ryan's bedroom while he had female friends over the house, Jill was less vigilant about closing her blinds while in her bedroom. Ryan was able to catch Jill in various states of dress and undress, seeing her in her bra and panties a couple of times. One time, after taking an evening shower, Jill came into her bedroom fully naked with the blinds up and lights on. She thought she saw Ryan watching her from across the way even though he thought he was being discreet.
Jill walked around her bedroom naked laying out her nightgown and panties but delaying putting them on. Ryan feasted his eyes on Jill's petite, slender body with her 32A breasts and dark nipples. His attention drifted down to her small, tight ass and hairless pussy. The more he watched, the more he wanted her. Ryan's hand drifted down to his crotch and he began to stroke his dick through his shorts. When Jill began to brush her hair in a full-length mirror, Ryan quickly kicked off his shorts and began to masturbate. He had a complete view of Jill's naked body from behind and the front from her reflection in the mirror. When Jill began to apply lotion to her nude body, Ryan shot his load into a handful of tissues. He had seen her apply suntan lotion to her body but she was now naked and he no longer had to undress Jill with his eyes.
Ryan continued to watch Jill as she put on her panties and nightgown then turned off the light as her exhibitionist show came to an end. She did re-enter the room, crossing over to look out the window to see Ryan flicking on his light and noticing him naked from the waist down, wiping off his cock with the tissue. Jill got a rush of excitement knowing she teased a young college man to jerk off while peeking into her bedroom window.
Ryan also noticed Jill at other times, especially when she would come home and have to get Marie out of her car seat. If Jill were wearing a skirt, Ryan would oftentimes get a peek up the back of it to her panties or even her bare ass if she was wearing a thong. Other times, Jill would be wearing tight leggings or shorts which highlighted her tight ass. The more he saw of his cute MILF neighbor, the more determined Ryan was to try and fuck her. The more Jill saw of her young, handsome, athletic neighbor and the more Kevin helped fuel her fantasies for him, the more Jill wanted Ryan also.
One afternoon, Jill and Ryan were enjoying the pool while Marie was at daycare. They were sharing a bottle of wine which made Jill's inhibitions almost disappear. She was lying face down on a chaise lounger while Ryan applied suntan lotion to her back. Jill untied the back of her bikini top to allow Ryan better access to her skin under the pretense of not wanting tan lines. When he began to rub her back, Jill moaned softly. She was honestly tense and the massage felt wonderful. Ryan continued to rub her back much longer than needed to apply a coating of lotion with his hands wandering further down her back to the top of her ass. He then ran his hands up her sides coming closer to the sides of her breasts.
The third time he slid his hands along her side, Jill lifted her torso just a little which Ryan took as a sign that he was free to touch her smallish breasts. Not wanting to be too forward and afraid he might be misreading her signals, Ryan touched only the very sides of Jill's tits the first time. When she didn't object, he ran his strong, large hands underneath her to fully cup both breasts as Jill moaned. Ryan played with her breasts and pinched her nipples further stimulating his lovely, MILF neighbor. He continued to pinch Jill's nipples until he rose from the lounge chair to face him with pure lust in her eyes. Ryan knew that look all too well and leaned in to kiss Jill. Their first kiss turned into a long French kiss as Jill's hand began to roam over Ryan's chest, arms, and back, squeezing and groping his large muscles.
Her hand found its way down to his swim briefs and began to stroke his already hard cock. When one of his hands drifted down between Jill's legs, she opened them further to give him easier access to her pussy. Ryan began to rub her through her bikini bottoms and she noticed the head of his cock poking up from the top of his briefs.
After several minutes of making out, Jill asked, "Do you want to take this into my bedroom?"
"I was hoping you would make that suggestion."
Jill took Ryan by the hand and led him upstairs to the bedroom. They were both naked from the waist up with his cock and balls pressing against the thin fabric of his swim brief; the head of his cock still poking out of the top. Once inside the bedroom with the door closed, Jill dropped to her knees then pulled Ryan's swimsuit down his legs, revealing a seven-and-a-half-inch cock. He had a lovely dick which she dreamed of sucking. He stepped out of his swimsuit and Jill devoured his dick while sinking her hands into that luscious, tight ass of his. She waited a long time to get her hands on his butt and it felt as good, if not better than she ever imagined.
Ryan grabbed the back of Jill's head and told her, "That's it, baby, suck my dick. Damn, your lips feel so good," before he started to face fuck her.
Jill felt so submissive letting Ryan drive his cock deep into her throat but she cherished every second. After several minutes, Ryan had Jill lay back on the bed while he stripped off her bikini bottom. She lifted her ass off the bed to make it easier for him to strip her of her only remaining clothing.
Ryan looked at Jill's naked body and her bald pussy then told her, "I've been fantasizing about this moment but never thought it would ever happen."
Jill was flattered that he was dreaming about her because she never thought he found her attractive. She spread her legs as a silent signal that she wanted him to continue his seduction. He crawled between her legs, rubbing his hard manhood against her wet pussy lips before slowly sinking himself deep into his neighbor. Jill's naughty fantasy was coming true. She was finally fucking her hunk of a neighbor. Each time she witnessed him fucking a younger woman, she wished it would have been her on the receiving end of his passion. Now, he was thrusting that big dick in and out of her.
At the risk of ruining the moment, Ryan asked Jill, "What would your husband do if he found out you fucked me."
Jill smiled and replied, "Actually, he'd want me to tell him every last detail. He was the one encouraging me to have sex with you."
"Well then, let's give him a story he'll enjoy."
Ryan got a wicked smile on his face and began to fuck Jill harder, making her squirm on the bed as she furiously rubbed her clit. Over the next hour, Ryan fucked Jill missionary style, from behind, with her on top, and reverse cowgirl. Jill loved when Ryan picked her up, fucking her while he was standing with her arms and legs wrapped around his athletic body. He was so tall, handsome, strong, and in total control while in this position. She came twice while he stuffed his dick into her pussy. Ryan got a charge out of fucking Jill's married pussy and enjoyed it even more now that he didn't have to worry about getting caught by a jealous husband. He filled Jill's cunt with a huge load of cum.
When Kevin got home from work, he saw Jill in her bikini and asked where Marie was. Jill said she called the daycare center and told them they would be late picking her up. Kevin got a confused look on his face until Jill gave him a wicked smile, took him by the hand, and led him to the bedroom. He watched as his wife stripped off her bikini, climbed onto the bed, and spread her legs.
"I've got a surprise for you," Jill said as she squeezed some of Ryan's cum out of her pussy.
Kevin saw her unexpected creampie, smiled, and couldn't strip off his clothes fast enough before joining her on the bed, his cock growing harder by the second. Jill stuffed Kevin's cock into her mouth while describing to him how she sucked Ryan's dick before he fucked her on their bed.
While Kevin plunged in and out of Jill, she told him every detail of how Ryan fucked her an hour earlier. She explained how he used her pussy and how she came twice while getting fucked by their young, hung neighbor. Kevin's mind went wild picturing his wife getting fucked by another man. Her pussy was sloppy wet from a combination of being turned on and the load of cum Ryan deposited in her. He could even hear the squishy sounds her pussy made while he pummeled her. It had been a long time since Jill acted like a slut and Kevin couldn't have been happier. Kevin blasted a load of cum into his wife to mix with the load Ryan left in her.
When Kevin got home from picking up Marie, he saw Ryan outside. He didn't have time to talk to him but called over to him and gave him a thumbs up to let him know he was okay with what happened between him and Jill. Ryan didn't understand how a man would be okay with someone else fucking his wife but he wasn't going to complain either. He had always wanted to fuck a sexy MILF and he could now add Jill to his list of conquests.
Kevin would fuck Jill again that night after Marie was in bed, making Jill tell him over and over again how she sucked and fucked Ryan's cock. Kevin made Jill tell him how much she enjoyed fucking their young stud neighbor and if he were there, she'd fuck him again. Kevin secretly hoped this would make Jill more amenable to having sex with other men in the future but for right now, he was happy that Ryan broke through her protective shell.
What Kevin and Jill didn't realize was that Jill still had left the blinds in the bedroom open and Ryan had watched them the entire time. From what Jill had told him earlier, Ryan was convinced that she had told her husband all about their afternoon delight and they were both extremely turned on by the fact that he fucked Jill. He didn't have to worry about sneaking around or getting caught by a jealous husband. It also meant that he was going to try and get together with Jill again.
As much as Jill enjoyed her sexual encounter with Ryan, she still felt somewhat awkward the next time she ran into him outside of their home. She found it difficult to look him in the eye, mostly because she was still conflicted and guilty about being a mom and wanting to be a role model for their daughter and secretly wanting to fuck him again. Ryan noticed her coolness and went back into his house. The same thing happened the next couple of times Ryan saw Jill. Ryan didn't quite know how to handle the situation. He wanted to maintain a friendly relationship with his neighbors but he also wanted to fuck her again.
The next day, Ryan sent Jill a text message in an attempt to break the ice, "I hope you aren't mad at me. You seem to be uncomfortable with what happened between us last week. I'm sorry if I ruined our friendship. If you want, we can forget anything that happened and be friends again."
"You have nothing to be sorry for. I was a willing partner. Come on over and we can talk," Jill said in her response.
Within minutes, Ryan was at Jill's door wearing a pair of shorts and a tight tank top, his muscular biceps visible and his chest pressing against the white fabric. Jill was drawn to his boyish smile and handsome face. She invited him into the kitchen where they sat at the island and shared a glass of wine.
After making some small talk, Jill commented, "I'm not mad at you, Ryan. It's just that as a married woman and mother, I shouldn't be acting as I did. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed being with you but it can't happen again."
"I fully understand, Jill. I totally respect your feelings. Sometimes, I can't control my feelings and you're such a beautiful, sexy woman, well, things spun out of control."
"Thank you, Ryan. That means a lot to me."
"I have to ask you a question though?"
"What's that, Ryan?"
"I get the feeling Kevin knows what happened that afternoon. Did you tell him like you said you would?"
"Yes, I told him everything."
"And he's okay with what we did."
Jill snickered a bit, "Oh yeah, he's more than okay with it."
"Well, if he's okay with it, I think you shouldn't be so hard on yourself. We were two consenting adults having a little fun. We only live once."
"I know I can be hard on myself but that's the way I am. Kevin has told me that we should have some fun while we are still young enough to enjoy ourselves and our sex life has perked up since, you know, we got together."
Ryan noticed that even though he was only trying to break the awkwardness between him and Jill, he seemed to be breaking down a wall she built around herself.
"If you ever want to have some fun again, all you have to do is let me know."
There was an awkward silence with Jill and Ryan staring into each other's eyes with Jill asking herself, "Should I or shouldn't I?"
Ryan could see that Jill was contemplating her dilemma and slowly walked around the kitchen island to stand in front of her. Jill stared up at Ryan's big blue eyes with a sheepish, almost surrendering, come hither look. The logical part of her brain was telling her "no," while her body was telling her, "do it."
Ryan placed his hands on the back of her neck and said, "Let me help you decide," before he leaned in to softly kiss Jill with their lips barely touching.
As he started to pull away, Jill grabbed his muscular shoulders and brought him back to begin a long, passionate French Kiss. Not only did Ryan break through the wall of protection Jill built around herself, but he also obliterated it with one kiss. They continued to kiss as their breathing got heavier and they began to rip off each other's clothing. When they were both naked, Jill fell to her knees and stuffed Ryan's cock into her mouth, gobbling it like a hungry whore. Ryan let his sexy, MILF neighbor feast on his manhood for several minutes before lifting her onto the island and stuffing his cock into her hot, damp pussy. They fucked like wild animals right there in Jill's kitchen. She was moaning and screaming like she hadn't been fucked in months. Ryan had numerous other sexual partners, too many to count, but Jill was one of the hottest women he'd ever had.
Ryan sucked on Jill's tits as he pummeled her pussy. At one point, Jill was so turned on that she flung her arms over her head accidentally knocking over both glasses of wine. Ryan would look down to watch his dick plunge into Jill's cunt while she furiously worked her fingers over her clit. He fucked her even faster when she was about to cum.
As she was reaching her climax, Jill shouted out, "Fuck me, Ryan. Fuck me hard. I've wanted to fuck you again since that first time. Oh, fuck me, fuck me. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH."
When Ryan was about to climax, he told Jill he wanted to cum in her mouth and replied, "I'll do whatever you want, Ryan."
Ryan withdrew from Jill and she scrambled to her knees, grabbed his cock, and stuffed it into her mouth. Ryan grabbed her head as she started to bob and thrust his hips forward in rhythm to Jill's sucking.
"That's it, baby, suck my dick. Oh, that feels so good. I want to cum in your mouth so you can tell Kevin all about it later."
Jill had her fingers dug deep into Ryan's young, hard ass as she sucked his dick. She desperately wanted to satisfy her young lover as she feasted on the hard meat in her mouth. When Ryan's breathing got shorter and heavier, Jill knew he was about to cum.
"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum."
He thrust himself deep into Jill's throat, his balls convulsed as he unleashed wad after wad of cum into her waiting mouth. Jill lapped up every drop of his manly nectar. Jill loved sucking Ryan's dick so much that she continued to work on it with her lips and tongue even after he began to lose his erection. He had to pull himself out of her mouth much to Jill's disappointment.
"Damn, Jill, that was really good. You're a darn good cocksucker. Kevin's a lucky guy."
Jill was proud that he loved her cocksucking that much and didn't want him to leave. She cleaned up the spilled wine and asked Ryan if he wanted more. He took that as a sign that he might have a second shot at fucking her again that afternoon and readily accepted her offer. They sat around the kitchen, nude as they continued to drink their wine. They each made no effort to hide their perusal of each other's naked bodies. Jill found it difficult to believe that she was lucky enough to have sex with such a young hunk as Ryan. He had similar feelings about being able to add a sexy MILF to his list of women he had slept with.
As they were chatting and sipping wine, Jill had an idea that she posed to Ryan, "How would you like to give Kevin a little surprise?"
"What do you have in mind, Jill?"
"Well, Kevin will be home from work in about an hour. I think he would love to come home to catch you fucking me," Jill replied with a devilish grin on her face.
"Are you positive he won't mind? I mean, I don't want to get shot or anything."
"Trust me, Ryan, Kevin will not mind at all. He will love it."
"Hey, I'm game if you are."
With Ryan's agreement, Jill began to set her plan into motion by text messaging Kevin, "Hurry home from work, dear. I have a surprise for you."
"Oh yeah. What's the surprise," Kevin replied.
"If I told you, it wouldn't be a surprise."
Kevin thought Jill was probably going to greet him with another creampie and he wanted to get home as soon as he could to hear all about what she had done that afternoon, most likely with Ryan. His dick was getting hard just thinking about her "surprise." That last hour of work seemed to take forever while Kevin watched almost every minute click off the clock. He even snuck out a few minutes early to race home.
When he got home, Kevin expected to see Jill waiting for him, possibly naked. However, when he opened the door, he didn't see anyone. He looked around and was confused that it didn't appear that anyone was home. He thought that maybe Jill was waiting for him in the bedroom and he slowly began to climb the stairs. As Kevin got closer to the second floor, he heard some muffled moans coming from their bedroom. He smiled as he thought she might be masturbating. As Kevin got to the second floor, he heard the sound of their bed squeaking a little and he stopped dead in his tracks as he reached the open door of the bedroom.
What Kevin witnessed gave him an immediate erection. Jill was laying on her back, her legs spread wide while Ryan was plunging his dick into her eager pussy. Kevin saw their young stud neighbor's hard ass tighten each time he plunged his dick deep into Jill. Jill was moaning softly as she wrapped her legs around Ryan's waist and began to move her hips upwards to meet his thrusts, grunting every time he drove into her.
When Jill noticed Kevin watching them, she called out, "Fuck me, Ryan. Oh, your cock feels so good. Fuck me hard," while looking directly at her husband.
Ryan saw Jill looking over his shoulder so he turned around and saw Kevin watching. He momentarily stopped fucking Jill to ensure Kevin was truly okay with what was happening. Although he had heard of some men wanting their girlfriends or wives to fuck other men, he still found it difficult to believe it was real.
When Kevin told Ryan, "Don't stop on my account," Ryan figured he'd enjoy the moment and started to fuck Jill even harder than before.
"That's it, Ryan, give my pussy a good fucking. Kevin likes it when he sees a man using my pussy."
Ryan figured he might as well play along and replied, "Your wife has one hot pussy, Kevin. I've had my eye on her since I moved in. This is the second time I've fucked her this afternoon too. I can't get enough of her."
"She's had her eye on you too, Ryan. Give it to her good for both of us."
Jill then said she wanted to get on top and Ryan was more than happy to oblige. Jill stuffed his hard cock into her pussy, rolling her hips as she began to ride him. She motioned Kevin over to join them so he quickly undressed and climbed onto the bed to feed his cock to his wife. Kevin never expected to come home and find his wife fucking their neighbor let alone end up in a threesome with them but he was thrilled beyond belief.
It was awkward for Jill to try and ride Ryan's cock while sucking her husband so Jill got on all fours so Ryan could take her from behind, her favorite position anyway, and it was also easier to blow her husband. It was thrilling for Kevin to hear about how Jill fucked Ryan previously but it was even more exhilarating to witness him pummeling her pussy in person. Jill would stop sucking Kevin at times and he could see the look of pleasure on her face. He could also hear Ryan's hips slapping against Jill's ass as he fucked her. Mutual moans of pleasure filled the bedroom. After Ryan came in Jill's pussy, Kevin quickly took his place to enjoy fresh sloppy seconds. His dick easily slid into his wife's well-used cunt.
Jill taunted Kevin by saying, "I know how much you like fucking me after another man has been inside me. I hope you like your surprise."
"Baby, you can surprise me like this any time you want. I love it when other men use your mouth and pussy. I love it when you are a slut for me. You're my housewife whore."
"I am such a whore, aren't I? But, you like it when I act like a slut."
"You may be a slut and a whore but you're my slut."
Ryan couldn't believe they were talking like this but he was more than happy to be a part of their sexual adventures. From next door, they seemed like a normal working couple with a small child but behind closed doors, they were one kinky couple. They hadn't had any sexual experiences outside of their marriage in a long time but Kevin was grateful to Ryan for lighting that fire in Jill's pussy again. Ryan also enjoyed watching his neighbors having sex in front of him. It added to the experience he was having that afternoon. It didn't take much longer for Kevin to add his load of cum to that of Ryan's inside of Jill. The group fun that afternoon quickly came to an end because, unfortunately, their real lives needed attending because Kevin was already late picking up Marie from daycare.
It wasn't until later that evening that Kevin and Jill had a chance to talk about what happened that afternoon. Jill told Kevin how she tried to resist Ryan but she lost control and ended up fucking him. She figured she'd feel less guilty if she brought Kevin into the mix and he was thrilled with "catching" her in the act.
Kevin had hoped for many repeat performances of that surprise afternoon but unfortunately, real life always seems to get in the way of having fun. Jill was still doing work at home and teaching remotely and Kevin still had his job. Ryan was also getting laid by sexy coeds and had a social life of his own so having sex with Jill wasn't always on his mind.
Kevin's birthday was coming up and Jill asked him what he wanted and he gave her a suggestion, "I'd love to see you fuck Ryan again."
"You're such a pervert, Kevin. I meant a gift."
"Well, you asked me what I wanted and I told you. That would be the best gift of all."
"He's too busy with his college friends to even think about me."
"I bet he'd love to fuck you again."
"Forget about it, Kevin. I'll get you something else."
Kevin figured he at least gave it a try but realized he probably wouldn't get the gift he really wanted. After being shut down on his request, Kevin never brought up the subject again but, unbeknownst to him, Jill contacted Ryan to see if he'd be willing to help give Kevin a present he'd never forget.
Seeing Kevin's birthday was during the week, he and Jill planned on having a nice dinner at their favorite restaurant the Saturday before. They also had Jill's mom take Marie for the night so they could celebrate without having to worry about their toddler. Kevin knew that a fun-filled night of sex with his wife was on the menu for dessert.
Jill was wearing a brand new ivory mini slip dress with a high halter neck with criss-cross straps in the back. She surprised Kevin by not wearing a bra and her hard nipples were poking out from underneath the silk fabric. She wore a tiny white thong along with light pink, stay-up stockings, and soft pink heels. Kevin took one look at Jill and kissed her deeply, running his hands over her body and reaching under her dress to grab her ass.
"Ummm, you look fantastic, honey."
Jill slapped Kevin's hands away and said, "Stop, you're going to wrinkle my dress and ruin my makeup. There will be plenty of time for that after dinner."
Over dinner, Kevin was captured by how gorgeous Jill looked. They hadn't seen each other dressed up for a night on the town for a long time. Jill's long dark hair and eyes perfectly contrasted with her light-colored dress as did her red lipstick, finger, and toenail polish. Her soft complexion and petite frame made her look as young and beautiful as the day they met.
They enjoyed a romantic, candlelit dinner at a fine French restaurant along with a bottle of wine and a luscious dessert. Kevin couldn't wait to get Jill home and put the finishing touches on his birthday evening. Jill attracted plenty of attention from the men in the restaurant which Kevin made sure to point out to his sexy wife. During the ride home, Kevin kept telling Jill how he couldn't wait to get her home and into the bedroom. As soon as they entered the house, Kevin was all over Jill. She would only let him go so far before stopping him. He couldn't figure out what was going on.
Jill finally told him, "I have one more surprise for you, darling."
"Ummm, what's that, babe?"
"It's something I know you'll love."
"Well, where is it then?"
Jill sent a text message, got a quick reply, then told Kevin, "I made a date with Ryan tonight."
"No shit. That's fantastic. Is he coming over right now?"
"Not exactly. If you go up to our bedroom and look out the window, you'll be able to watch everything. Afterward, I'll come home and take care of you."
"Are you serious?"
"I wouldn't joke about something like that, Kevin."
"That's hot, babe, real hot."
"Don't turn on the light when you get up to our room."
Jill kissed Kevin on the cheek and walked out the door with a little extra twitch in her ass. Just as she opened the front door, she turned around, winked, and blew him a kiss goodbye. Kevin raced up to their bedroom and placed a chair near the window and waited for the action to start. It took a few minutes but Kevin saw the light to Ryan's patio come on followed by seeing him and Jill sitting down with drinks in their hands. When Jill sat down her skirt rose, exposing the bare skin of her thighs above her stockings. As she crossed her legs, Kevin could see a flash of her white thong even from his vantage point. He could see Ryan and Jill talking, laughing occasionally, and sipping their drinks. Jill dangled one of her high heels from the tip of her toes as they conversed.
Kevin's heart was beating faster as he watched his wife seducing their young stud neighbor. All three of them knew she went there for the specific purpose of fucking Ryan. Ryan took Jill's hand in his and leaned across the patio table to give her a soft kiss which she gladly returned. He placed his hand behind her neck to draw her closer. After they broke from their kiss, Ryan left and returned with more drinks. While he was away, Jill looked up at their dark bedroom window and gave Kevin a slight wave. She could make out the faint outline of his silhouette through the window.
After taking a sip of her drink, Ryan held out his hand with Jill placing her hand in his as she rose from her seat. Ryan said something to Jill, making her smile, then leaned in to kiss her again. This time it was a longer, more passionate kiss and Kevin could see his wife and her lover's tongue's exploring each other's mouths. Kevin's dick got harder watching the slow seduction of his wife and her lover. Ryan's hands began to roam freely over Jill's body as she began to rub his hardening cock through his pants.
There was no doubt that Ryan knew Kevin was watching every move they made when he turned Jill to face their house, got behind her, and began to nuzzle her neck while feeling her breasts through her dress. Jill tilted her head to give her lover easier access to her neck. Ryan's hand wandered under Jill's dress while lifting the front of it with his other hand to begin stroking her pussy through her panties under Kevin's watchful eyes. Kevin watched as Jill became more turned on with every second that ticked away. He saw her melting to the touch of another man and it was driving him wild.
Jill turned around to face Ryan and they began to kiss again. Ryan lifted the back of her dress and grasped her ass cheeks furthering the visual pleasure of Kevin as he continued to watch from above as his wife made out with another man. When they broke from their embrace, Ryan must have asked Jill a question and she nodded her approval. Ryan then took her by the hand and led her into the house. Kevin was wondering if the show was over but he waited and watched the neighbor's patio for signs of more activity. He was delighted when he saw a light come on in the upstairs bedroom and saw Jill walk in with Ryan close behind. He swallowed hard as Ryan took Jill into his arms again as the couple's make-out session got more heated.
Things got even hotter when Ryan pulled the straps of Jill's dress down over her shoulders and peeled it down to reveal her dainty, pert breasts. He cupped and gently squeezed her creamy flesh before being drawn to her dark nipples. Ryan alternately sucked on Jill's soft, tantalizing breasts. Kevin didn't realize until later, but Ryan left a large passion mark, a hickey, just above Jill's right nipple as a mark to remember that evening. Jill's head fell backward in pleasure as she held Ryan's head against her chest as his hand disappeared under her dress. Kevin surmised that Ryan was now finger fucking Jill. Jill looked to her side out the window and smiled broadly in Kevin's direction. She was teasing and taunting him at the same time and he was loving his surprise birthday present from his wife.
Ryan then peeled Jill's dress down her legs; she kicked off her heels then stepped out of her dress. Jill removed her thong as Ryan stripped off his clothing, revealing an already erect cock. He kissed Jill again as she stroked him before dropping to her knees. She looked out the window again before she began to lick Ryan's balls on the way up to the head of his cock. Jill toyed with the head of his cock, giving hit butterfly flicks then swirling her tongue around it. Kevin knew exactly what Ryan was feeling because Jill had given him hundreds of similar blow jobs over the years. Jill turned her head sideways at times to look Kevin's way as she took Ryan's young, hard cock into her mouth. He grabbed the back of her head and began to move his hips in rhythm to Jill's bobbing.
Kevin's hand was starting to rub his dick through his pants but he had to catch himself because he wanted to save his load for when Jill came home. He was entranced playing the voyeur to his wife and her lover's sex act. Kevin's heart started to beat more rapidly when Ryan stopped Jill from blowing him and led her onto his bed. Jill was facing the window as she laid back with her legs splayed out in front of her. She then lifted her feet towards her ass, raised her knees then pulled her knees back towards her head. Kevin knew from experience that Jill was posing for him before Ryan took things to the next level.
Ryan laid down next to Jill, kissing her as he finger fucked her damp pussy once again. He then moved down towards Jill's torso, pulling her legs wider, taunting Kevin before he moved between them. Ryan rubbed his hard cock against Jill's eager pussy. Kevin's heart raced as Ryan's cock slowly entered Jill. Kevin could clearly see the look of lust on Jill's face as Ryan began to fuck his wife. The build-up, the element of voyeurism, and Jill's blatant sluttiness almost made Kevin cum in his pants. He had to use all of his self-control to keep his climax in check, for now.
Kevin could see his wife writhing from Ryan's drives into her; she even wrapped her legs around his back to be able to lift her hips higher to meet his thrusts. Her hands were embedded into his back and Kevin thought she even left scratch marks. Maybe it was her way of leaving her mark on Ryan as he did with her.
Kevin's balls felt like they were about to burst with cum from watching Ryan fuck Jill. He watched closely as Jill got on top to ride Ryan. She knew that her husband could see her lover's cock plunging furiously into her pussy. She even turned around into the reverse cowboy position, staring up at the darkened bedroom window where she knew her husband was perched. Jill wondered if Kevin was jerking off or saving his load for when she got home. He could see the look of lust on her face as she rode Ryan's stiff cock.
When Ryan was about to cum, he placed Jill on all fours, facing the window so he could fuck her doggie style. Kevin watched as Ryan mounted his wife and began to feverishly hump Jill. He tugged on her long dark hair which lifted her head while slapping her ass.
Even from a distance, Kevin could make out the words coming from his wife's mouth, "Fuck me, Ryan. Fuck me, fuck me hard."
Jill was working her fingers over her clit as Ryan pummeled her pussy. From afar, Kevin watched as Ryan lunged forward and saw his face grimace which told Kevin his neighbor was shooting his cum into Jill. Jill was screaming out that she was cumming too. Ryan was using short, quick thrusts to unload the last of his cum into Jill before withdrawing from her. He made her turn around and he rubbed his cum covered cock all over her face as he looked out the window towards Kevin. It was almost like he was taunting Kevin, showing him how much control he had over his wife and how much she loved his cock. Ryan then made Jill lick his cock clean which she did like a cock hungry whore.
Kevin almost blew his load without touching himself watching all of this unfold. His cock was harder than he can ever remember and couldn't wait for Jill to get home. She and Ryan lay on the bed composing themselves and Kevin could see them talking. He could tell Ryan posed Jill a question which she seemed to be pondering. Jill gave her shoulders a quick shrug then nodded her approval. Ryan then left the room. Kevin was wondering what was going on. Ryan then returned with his chubby brother Chuck then left him alone with Jill.
Kevin wondered, "Is Jill going to fuck him too?"
Chuck seemed to be somewhat shy being in the same room with his naked MILF neighbor so Jill began to help him undress. He was sporting a stubby erection by the time Jill got his clothes off. She then sat him down on the side of the bed and crawled between his doughy legs and began to give him a blow job. Chuck played with her tiny tits while getting his cock sucked. Jill blew him for a few minutes before laying down on the bed with her legs spread, inviting him to fuck her too. Chuck wasn't a stud like his brother, as a matter of fact, he was the complete opposite. However, he had an available dick for Jill to suck and fuck for Kevin's pleasure.
Chuck sucked on Jill's dark nipples for a while before he climbed between her legs and let her guide his cock into her pussy. Kevin watched as the large, nerdy neighbor began to fuck his wife. His fat ass moved quickly as he pumped himself in and out of Jill's cunt. Kevin's wife was truly acting like a whore now by servicing Chuck. There was no physical attraction to him at all, she was only giving him some sexual release and giving Kevin another unanticipated view of another man fucking his wife. Chuck didn't last as long as Ryan, after all, he probably didn't get laid that often and most likely spent more time jerking off than having sex with a woman. Ryan must have instructed him on what to do after he had cum because he also moved up to wipe his cock all over Jill's face before letting her lick him clean just as his brother had done.
After Chuck left, Jill walked up to the window still nude and blew Kevin a kiss, mouthing the words, "Happy Birthday."
Jill started to get dressed when Ryan returned. It seemed like he was trying to get her to stay but Jill shook her head "no." It was her husband's birthday and she wanted to get home to finish giving him his present. She waved goodbye indicating to her husband that she was coming home.
After she left Ryan's bedroom, Kevin stripped off his clothes and went to greet Jill at the door. His cock was still erect and his balls were hurting from the build-up of sperm. He needed relief; and soon. When Jill walked in the door, she took one look at Kevin and grinned widely. She looked like a whore with her hair mused, her dress wrinkled, her stockings were ripped and she had traces of Ryan and Chuck's dried cum all over her face and hair. That didn't stop Kevin from kissing Jill and running his hand up her dress to finger her through her soaking wet panties.
"Did you like your present, dear?"
"That was the best present I've ever had, babe."
Kevin took Jill by the hand and led her upstairs to the bedroom and quickly stripped her clothes off. He laid her down on the bed and quickly climbed between her legs and became the third man to fuck her that night. Her pussy was extra sloppy wet from the two loads of cum that she had in her. Kevin heard squishy sounds as he rammed his dick into his wife. What he didn't realize was that Ryan and Chuck were watching them through their window just as Kevin had done. Kevin was looking down at his wife's cum-covered face and the passion mark Ryan left on her tit as he fucked her.
It took Kevin only minutes to cum after being teased for hours while he watched Jill sexually service their two college neighbors. He added his load to her pussy then rubbed his dick all over Jill's face just as Ryan and Chuck had done. His dick never went limp as Jill licked him clean. Kevin then began to fuck Jill a second time as there was no way his balls were drained after one orgasm. This time he made her fuck in every position she had with Ryan.
"Damn Jill, I never thought I'd see you acting like such a fucking slut again. I loved every minute. It was such a turn-on to watch but not be able to touch you."
"I didn't plan on fucking Chuck but that was an extra present for you."
"I wouldn't care if you fucked one or ten guys, that was an awesome surprise you fucking whore. Why did you agree to fuck Chuck?"
You wanted me to be a whore and a whore would fuck anyone and Chuck happened to be there."
When Kevin was about to cum, he put Jill on all fours, tugged at her hair, and spanked her ass just as Ryan had done. He then drained his balls as he released that last of his cum into his wife. They both took a quick shower before crawling back into bed. Jill was exhausted as was Kevin.
Before they fell asleep, Jill said, "Happy Birthday, dear."
"Thanks, babe, I can't wait to see what you give me next year."
"You're such a pervert, Kevin. Go to sleep."