Jenne got in her car and headed to her appointment. Maria's Boutique wasn't far, and had come recommended from a couple of people. It wasn't cheap, but they were supposed to be professional and nice folks.
She arrived a few minutes before her appointment and checked in with Lisa. After a short while, Carrie called her in for her appointment.
"Hi Jenne, is this your first time here?"
"Yes, and I have to admit I'm a little nervous - I've never done this before."
"Well, I can't say it's painless, but after the first couple of sessions, the hair becomes much thinner and easier to deal with. As long as you come pretty regularly, it's no big deal at all. Now, we're doing a full body wax, right?"
"Yes - I have a great new bikini, and with summer coming..."
"Okay then, you can change behind the screen and then lie down on the table."
Jenne set her bag down, and started unbuttoning her blouse. Since it was a full body wax, there was no sense in standing on modesty. She removed her blouse, and unhooked her bra. As the cool air hit her bare skin, her nipples immediately hardened. She slipped out of her shoes, and removed her skirt.
She stepped out from behind the screen, feeling a bit self-conscious, but excited at the same time. Carrie asked her to lie on her back to start.
After glancing at Jenne's hairy bush, she told her "We'll tackle that last." Picking up the container of wax, she started layering it on Jenne's arm. With calm friendly efficiency, Carrie methodically tackled the less hairy areas of Jenne's body in a short period of time.
Eventually, the pubic area was all that was left. "Okay, I'm going to need to use clippers first, so if you could please spread your legs."
Jenne spread her knees, putting her feet in the stirrups provided to make the process easier. She felt completely exposed, as her labia unfolded, and Carrie gently held her skin taut for the clippers. The buzzing sensation as the hair fell away was maddeningly exciting. Jenne was positive she was getting wet from the procedure.
After clipping away the majority of hair, Carrie began spreading the wax over Jenne's mound. With a sharp tug, she ripped the hair away. Jenne yelped involuntarily, as the painful sensation caught her by surprise. Every rip brought her closer, and without warning, she came. Panting heavily, and hoping Carrie didn't notice, she asked for a quick minute to catch her breath. Carrie smiled and said "sure." After a few moments, she continued until the area around Jenne's labia and vulva were baby smooth.
"Okay, the last part, can you please get on your stomach again."
Carrie gently separated her buttocks, and applied the wax. A couple of pulls later, and she was finished.
Jenne's knees felt like jelly. She couldn't believe she'd an orgasm as the hair was being removed. It hurt, and she felt sensitive, but she couldn't help but run her fingers along her completely smooth skin. It felt soft, and unbelievably smooth.
After a moment, Carrie smiled and suggested she might want to get dressed, as she had another appointment waiting.
With a sheepish grin, Jenne headed behind the screen. Considering how sensitive her skin felt, she put her bra in her purse. It was only a short walk to her car, and she was headed straight home.
She paid Lisa and headed out into the late afternoon sun. She was fully conscious of every inch of her skin. She drove home, anticipating the gym like never before.
On her front porch was the package she'd ordered with next-day delivery...
Going inside, she opened the package - two outfits, both for tonight. The first outfit was for the gym, the other, her outfit for later.
She put on the white exercise shorts, which fit like a second skin. Cut in a boy short style, they were hip-huggers and showed a considerable amount of cheek. The seam running up the center fit in her slit, and created a clear cameltoe. The sports bra supported perfectly, but left a lot of skin exposed. She put her hair in a pony tail, put on her sneakers and headed for the gym, her other outfit safely tucked in her bag.
As she entered the gym, she remembered her brief exposure the day before. While she was definitely noticed for her current outfit, it didn't appear that anyone was here for the free show yesterday. She saw Angela working out on one of the machines and her heart skipped a beat. Angela waved at her and smiled.
Jenne put her bag in her locker and went to do her workout. She shyly approached Angela, who smiled again and welcomed her over. "Great outfit!"
"Thanks, it's brand new."
"Well, you're sure to cause injuries with these guys straining muscles looking at you. Very sexy."
After a short discussion, they got down to their workout. Jenne found that she had a lot of attention from every direction. When she was doing squats, she go admiring looks, when she was laying on the bench with her legs apart, she got attention. Every exercise she did was sending "look at me" signals to every receptive eye in the gym.
They finally finished their workout, and headed to the locker room. Joking and laughing, Angela and Jenne had become fast friends. "Do you have plans after this?" Jenne asked.
"No, what do you have in mind?"
"I'm starving - I'd love to go grab a bite to eat somewhere."
"Sure, absolutely."
They both stripped off their gym clothes and headed for the shower.
"Hey! someone got a haircut!" Angela laughed.
Jenne blushed. "Well, I have a new bathing suit... and it looked so good on you..."
Then Jenne noticed Angela had something new to show also - she'd gotten a new labia piercing since yesterday.
"Wow. That looks amazing!
It was still swollen from the procedure, but it was yet another thing that really set Jenne's mind in interesting directions...
They headed to the shower, with Jenne asking questions about the procedure, where she had it done, how much it cost, showing a deep curiousity. Angela patiently answered them all, giving Jenne the name of a shop where she had the piercing done.
When they were done showering, Jenne pulled out her sexy new outfit. It consisted of a thin white tank top with spaghetti straps which showed of a considerable amount of midriff. In addition, she had a low rider mini skirt that left her pelvic bones showing. If she still had pubic hair, there would have been a distinct possibility of them showing over the top of the skirt. It was short enough that she would have to take considerable care, or she be completely exposed. A pair of sandals completed the outfit.
"Did you forget your panties again?"
"I decided this morning to stop wearing them. It's kinda funny - I'll tell you about it over dinner."
Angela pulled on her denim skirt and a tank top. "Well, I'm going to look positively dowdy next to you, but hell, I'll leave mine off too - it'll be fun."
That tingly sensation started again. New and exciting things were happening, and she wasn't sure what to do about it. She was definitely attracted to Angela, but still a litle scared of where this was going.
They both hopped into Jenne's car and quickly agreed on a restaurant. The food was good, the conversation relaxed. Jenne explained her revelation the day before, and her sudden wish to have a more interesting life. While she didn't explain everything, not yet sure how to deal with it, the conversation helped to reinforce their budding interest.
After their meal, Jenne drove Angela back to the gym parking lot. They sat in the car and talked for another hour, as if they'd known each other for a lot longer than a few hours. Angela reached over and ran her hand along Jenne's leg, sending jolts of electricity through her skin. "Very smooth... I had a great time tonight."
"Me too, I'm so glad I met you."
"What are you doing on Friday? Do you want to go out to a club?"
Jenne hesitated for a moment, then replied. "Sure - what time?"
They exchanged phone numbers and Angela headed home. "I'll call you in the week and confirm"
"Great. I really enjoyed tonight. I'll see you Friday"
"Me too - see you."
When she got home, she took her special purchases from the trunk. She carefully cleaned them and inserted the batteries. She headed to the bedroom, another exciting day nearly over.
She laid back on the bed, and turned on the vibrator called "The Rabbit." On a low setting, she circled her clit, stroking her hairless mound. Removing the hair made it feel like she'd turned every nerve ending on her body to the full "on" position. She inserted the vibrator into her now-wet hole stroking slowly in, until the little rabbit was vibrating on her clit. As waves of pleasure coursed through her, she started stroking the vibrator in out, faster and faster. In no time at all, she had her second orgasm of the day. She rode it until she was nearly ready to pass out, turned off the vibrator, but left it inside.
It had been a long time since she had a man, but at the moment, she was completely sated. She drifted off to a deep sleep, with naughty dreams to keep her happy.