As I've written in prior stories. I'm a nude model and my girlfriend is a nude dancer.
We'd dated a few years back, and I was a nudist then, but she wasn't. I warmed her up to my kinky ways though by being naked all the time. We'd have a few wild days and nights and had been playing with exhibitionism when we'd be fully nude, (and me erect) when guests would come over. All that happened after became a pure playground of threesomes with other girls and lots of moaning and orgasmic lust.
We reconnected one night when I saw her dancing at a nude strip club in Atlanta. Since we both made our living in the nude, we planned an all week naked sex vacation with no limits in Hedonism Jamaica. The week was already a non-stop public orgy and this is the continuation of our slutty games.
It's funny how after a late night of no limits sex that you can still wake up horny.
It was maybe 7:30 am, and the sunlight not yet blazing, when the two of us awakened. We're both totally nude, having not brought any clothes with us except for the things we had on during the trip from Atlanta. A sweet kiss on my cheek from Lynn as she rolls over to me, her hand on my chest. "How'd you sleep?" is her question.
"Like the dead." I answer half yawning. "How's your pussy today? Ready for more fun in the sun?"
"Hell yea, She's just getting warmed up. Right little girl?" she's reaching down to spread her pussy open like it's smiling. "She says yes, she's ready for more fucking and fun. See!"
I wag my cock at her back up and down like it's agreeing. "He's ready too. Baby, last night was INTENSE! That was the biggest orgy I've ever seen. I've never seen so many people fucking. It's a little hard to believe."
"Last night was AWESOME! I came SOOO MANNYYY TIMMMESS" she's smiling as she reaches down to rub her clit while she talks.
"I was AIRTIGHT, GOD, I've always wanted to do that. My mouth was full, my pussy was full, my ass was full. It was amaaaazzingggg!" she's really rubbing her pussy now.
"When you were blowing me on the Pussy Fountain I looked around to she's who was watching. Blondie had Steve's cock in her mouth and COULD NOT take her eyes off of us. There must have been 18 people fucking each other. It was epic.
And you, little miss cum slut, you had your eyes rolled so far back in your head I thought you would pass out."
"I know Right!. I couldn't help it. It was like one big nonstop orgasm. You would be deep my my pussy, and Vince would be pulling out of my ass, and I'd be deepthroating Rick all AT THE SAME TIME!! Just thinking about it... Oh baby, you have to fuck me, I'm so horny please fuck me hard... I need to cum so bad."
"Not just yet little miss no pants. You had all the fun last night, now I want to have some fun too."
"Okay then, what's the plan?" she's got a HUGE dildo out now it's at least 12 inches long and about 4 inches thick. She's on her back legs up and she's impaling her cunt with this beast. Obviously we have zero inhibitions at this point so she's going for broke right in front of me.
"I want you to do that on the beach while I film it. It's a huge fantasy of mine, and I want to watch you while you cum from that fucking huge ass dildo."
"Then let's go! I'd love that!"
Two seconds later we're out the door to the beach. Inside my head I think, "Well ya didn't bring clothes, but you broad a video camera and tripod. Kinda says a lot..."
Well yea, it says we're both exhibitionistic sex freaks. So?
Lynn's practically running to the beach, her blonde tresses flowing behind her, her little bubble butt wiggling it's way back and forth.
She was tan all over before but the Jamaican sun has made her even darker, a stark contrast of suntan against the blue of her eyes and blonde hair that falls half way down her back.
It's too early for most of the guests so we're the only ones on the beach.
"This is going to be so much fun!" she's splashing in the shallow water before she lies down in the sand. "How do you want me to pose?"
"Have fun with it. A spread pussy is a good place to start."
She's got her legs spread wide and her pussy immediately gapes open while she says." I can't tell you how many times I've wanted to do this at the club. Being naked the whole night makes me unbelievably horny." she's spread her legs and is starting to rub her clit as she continues.
"I'm naked all day, every day while I'm at work, so my pussy is wet for hours. And I just can't help it so I end up fingering myself in the dressing room almost every night. But boy, oh boy, oh boy, do I do love to walk back on the stage with cum dripping from my kitty for everybody to see. What I really really really want is to be watched while fucking myself with a dildo on stage"
Tripod setup, I start the video.
"Then this is the next best thing. Go for it baby, show me what a slut you are." I say to her, while I jack myself off.
"Yea, I'm a naked fuck slut, playing with my pussy. This vacation was SUCH a good idea. I love fucking all day and all night, and I love to cum and cum and cum and cum."
Naturally, I can't help myself. I'm also totally naked outdoors, watching her masturbate while being filmed. It's one of my favorite fantasies, so I'm jerking off while I watch. I don't give a fuck at this point. My sex drive is all I care about, and it's in control as I stroke my cock.
This week has been unreal. We've fucked so many ways and times. There's no "Oh let's play tennis, or how about a walk on the beach". No it's all about our lust.
Serving it, exploiting it, enjoying it. And she's clearly enjoying hers. The 12 inches is almost invisible as she plunges it in and out of her sloppy cunt, pussy juices oozing out from each motion.
Taking the camera from the tripod I zoom in a bit for a close up on her cunt. Crystal clear, you can see her pussy lips wrapped around the massive dildo as she pushes it in and out.
I hear a noise behind me and turn to look. It's a guy about 40, naked, walking to the end of pier alone. He hears Lynn's banshee moaning and he stops in his tracks to see her in full display not 75 feet away. It's a jaw-dropping show right in front of his eyes. He sees me, not 3 feet from her, camera in hand, videotaping her going completely out of her mind with lust and waves of pleasure as she puts on her brazen sex show. I turn towards him with my cock in my hand and jerk off a few strokes as if to say, "come watch". He gets the message, and like a moth to flame he's walking towards Lynn and I.
"We have a visitor" I tell Lynn. Her eyes, rolled back in to her head, she looks at me and I motion to point to the guy as he gets closer. Maybe 15 feet away now, he's stroking his own cock while Lynn writhes and moans.
"You like watching? You like watching me fuck my pussy?" she says to him.
"Oh yea, you're hot." is his reply, increasing the speed of his strokes.
"I told him to fuck me, but he wanted to make a video. So I'm being his video slut."
"Awesome" he's staring right at her cunt.
"Fuck me baby, fuck me while he watches." Lynn begs.
I turn to put the camera back on the tripod. I widen the lens a bit to get all three of us in the shot. And step over to Lynn. "Get on your knees baby." Out comes the dildo, her pussy gaping, she rolls over to get on her knees, ass in the air, her legs wide.
I push my cock in slowly to savor the warmth moist flesh of her pussy. "ooohhhh Goooodddd!" she moans as all 8 inches are now inside.
"So wet, so wet, so good." I'm in heaven. Balls slapping against her, my hands on her ass to pull her to me as I fuck her harder.
"Do you mind?" he asks, taking the camera from the tripod.
"Go for it. That's what it's here for." is my response.
He's got the camera in his hand as he walks around us, capturing us fucking like the exhibitionist sex freaks we are. Our hearts racing, our bodies sweating, we're uninhibited fuck sluts being videotaped on a public beach while a stranger watches.
"Let me suck your cock. I need your cock in my mouth." Lynn's completely out of her mind, a dick drunk whore.
Up she pops, and down on her knees she goes, nearly inhaling my cock to my balls in one motion.
"mmmmmmm, mmmmmm, mmmmm" she's moaning as she blows me. Her hands on my balls, as she slams her mouth on my prick.
The guy has the camera about 3 feet from Lynn and she's looking right at the lens as she sucks. This is heaven for her, an orgiastic display of perversity that she's loving every fucking minute of it.
"I'm going to make him cum on my face." she tells the camera, and begins the slidy, twisty thing that Rebecca did to me yesterday.
I've got my hands on her head forcing as much of my cock as possible into her face. Harder, harder and harder, I'm skull fucking Lynn with every step.
"Gaahhhhh! I'm going to cummm!" I shout, pulling my cock out of her mouth to jack off on her face.
"Give it to me, Give me all your cum. Do it!" Lynn has her head back eyes right at me, tongue out, waiting for her prize.
"Gooooddddd!, I'm cumming!" as my cock erupts stream after stream of my jizz onto her face and tits, Her hands are smearing my cum all over herself as it lands, declaring.
"I so love your cum. I love it."
I'm spent, but she's not finished. Back into her mouth goes my cock, as she worships each last squirt and drip of jism.
Turning to the camera she opens her mouth to show the lens the result and dramatically swallows it to then reopen and show it now empty.
The camera guy has captured it all. Each part of our dirty display now recorded forever on tape.
"You guys are incredible. I wish my wife would do that." he's almost pale.
"Introduce her to me, I'll give her some tips" Lynn brags.
"Here's your camera, I've got to wake her up. I can't let this hard on go unused." he says, putting it back on the tripod.
He's jacking himself off as he walks away, a certain spring in his step as he steps.
"Helluva way to start the day, girl." I say to Lynn, still stroking my cock as I say it. "Helluva way."
"And I'm glad you're living up to your promise to fuck me and fuck me and fuck me." Lynn responds. "Because I'm having a really good time letting you."
We haven't even had breakfast, coffee or anything yet, but we have already started fucking each other to death.
Gotta love vacations.