If you've read some of our other stories you know that we had a young man named Scott who did our yard work and some remodeling. Over a period of s few years we allowed him to see my wife, Mary, nude, participate in an erotic photo shoot and eventually have sex with Mary. Scott got a job with the railroad and moved to Colorado. He'd been gone for about a year, but we'd kept in touch by phone and e-mail and I'd seen him, briefly, when he was in town for a quick weekend trip. He said that he and his girlfriend, Jill, would be in town for a week the following month. I told him we'd love to have them to dinner, when they were in town, if their schedule permitted.
Scott called the following week and we set the date and time. Mary told Scott we were very excited to meet Jill. I asked him how much he had told Jill about us as I didn't want to say something that would get him in trouble. He said that Jill knew Scott had seen Mary nude and she had even given him a lap dance on his birthday but that he hadn't told her about the sexual activities. We agreed that it was probably best to keep that to ourselves.
When the date arrived, Scott called to confirm and say they had made it to town and they were looking forward to dinner. Mary and I selected the outfit she would wear, and I texted Scott a pic to make sure it wasn't too over the top. He said Mary looked great and that the outfit was fine. The outfit we selected was a pencil skirt over stockings and garter belt, with a semi-sheer silk blouse over a Victoria's Secret adds 2 cup sizes bra with the blouse unbuttoned to show most of the massive cleavage these bras produce. This is an outfit that Mary has worn out to dinner several times, so while it's very sexy it's also presentable in public.
Mary spent the day of the dinner getting ready and cleaning up the house. She started dinner and then went to shower and get dressed. When she came down I noticed that she had done her hair and even put on some make up. When the doorbell rang, we met Scott and Jill and Scott made introductions, all around. Then we all went into the kitchen table. Jill was slightly shorter than Mary at 5'5" and had shoulder length curly dark brown hair. She was quite pretty, and I guessed she was "fortyish". She had a very hour glass figure with a small waist, wide hips and her boobs were quite large, at least 1 cup size bigger than Mary's 38DD's. She was wearing a tight dress with what would have been a conservative neckline on a woman with smaller breasts but on her showed quite a bit of cleavage. She was also wearing some very sexy 4.0" heels.
We all sat down around the kitchen table to get acquainted and I got Scott a beer and a glass of wine for Jill and Mary. Jill was a pharmacist and was divorced with one son who was 12 and had been born blind. He stayed at a private school for blind kids during the week and she shared custody with her ex-husband on weekends and holidays. Scott and I talked about guns and fishing while the girls launched into a conversation about the new prescription requirements for narcotic pain pills and assorted drug interactions. It quickly became apparent that while Jill was very sexy and pretty she was also very intelligent.
The girls got up to go and check on dinner and open the bottle of wine that they had brought for dinner. Scott said they'd been dating for several months and things were pretty good and that she wasn't pressuring him to get married. I asked him if that might be in the cards and he said he didn't know. I said that the girls seemed to be hitting it off and Scott agreed and said he had been just a little nervous about Jill meeting Mary, but, as it turned out, it was nothing to worry about.
Mary came back in and said that dinner was ready, and we should all go into the dining room. We had a lovely dinner and continued to chat and get to know each other better. During dinner, the conversation drifted back to lingerie and Mary told Jill that she preferred stockings and garter belts and that thigh highs were OK, but I wouldn't allow pantyhose in the house. Jill laughed and admitted that she was wearing pantyhose and I said that was OK as she didn't know the "house rules" and we all had a laugh.
During dinner, the subject of vacations came up and Mary told Jill we'd been to several clothing optional resorts in Mexico and Jamaica and Jill asked Mary if she got naked in public and Mary said after the first day, on the first trip, it was no problem. Jill asked about what kind of people were there and all the obvious questions someone who had never been would have. Mary told her you saw all body types and most of the couples were over 30 and the majority were in the 35 to 55 range. She told Jill a handful of women had full pubic hair, but most were trimmed quite short, usually with a "racing stripe", and a few, like Mary, were shaved smooth.
Mary told Jill a story about the first C/O resort we went to, back in 1999. We went out to the pool the first day and Mary wore a bikini. By noon she had removed her top and after lunch she was nude and never looked back. Mary told Jill that there were women there that were 50 lbs. heavier than Mary prancing around like Cindy Crawford in her prime and their husbands loved it. The point was you didn't have to have a perfect body to show off and showing off was sexy.
We talked more about the clothing optional resorts and Jill was very curious about what went on there. Mary told her that the pool and hot tub areas were C/O but that you were supposed to be dressed everywhere else. She also told her that the resorts we went to were couples only so there were no loose single guys lurking around. Jill asked if people had sex just everywhere and Mary said not really, only in the area around the hot tub upstairs and in the playrooms, off the disco. Mary told her that if you didn't want to see that it was easy to avoid and if you did, it was easy to find.
Jill asked Mary if we had sex up by the hot tub and Mary told her we did, several times. She asked if people were watching us and Mary said there were people there, but everybody was playing with their partner and nobody just sat and stared. I told Jill that one of the things I liked was for Mary to walk around the resort, where she was supposed to be dressed, nude or wearing very little and that was a real turn on for me, and I loved it when she showed off her body, like right now, in front of her and Scott, at which Jill just smiled. Mary asked if Jill wanted to see some pictures from the trips and she quickly said yes.
I got my tablet and opened the files of pics from Mexico and Jamaica. We have the pics sorted in PG and R+ rating. We showed Jill and Scott the PG pics that we show to people that are prudish or that we don't know well. Jill really liked the WW bikini's Mary was wearing in some of the pics and asked where to get them. I told her I'd send Scott the link to the web site.
Although she wasn't nude in any of the pics it as obvious that Mary's nipples and clit hood were pierced, and Jill asked Mary if her nipples were still pierced. Mary said no, she had finally gotten tired of fighting them and taken them out but that she still had her clit hood piercing. Jill said the resorts looked like fun and told Scott that they should consider going to one. We all had a great time and Mary invited them back for dinner in 2 days' time.
Scott called me the next day and thanked me for inviting us over and for inviting again on Thursday. He said Jill had really liked us and they were looking forward to having dinner with us again. He said he had been trying to get Jill to show off her fabulously curvaceous figure, but it was hard as they didn't have any friends in CO they did stuff with.
Mary only works until noon on Thursdays, so she had plenty of time to plan and prepare dinner. She decided to wear a tight zip up sweater, unzipped far enough to show her push up bra, over a mini skirt with stockings and heels. When Jill and Scott arrived, Jill was wearing a tight-fitting dress with a very deep scoop neck. She was wearing a bra, but I could swear that I could just see the edges of her areolas peeking out. We exchanged hugs and compliments and then went into the kitchen.
We all sat down, and I handed out drinks. The discussion quickly returned to lingerie and Mary and Jill said they believed although Scott and I liked them to be braless they felt they looked better wearing a bra. I told them they both looked great and their display of cleavage was outstanding...but that I thought they would both look even better braless. Scott quickly agreed, and we decided the only way to be sure was for them to remove their bras. After some coaxing they both got up to go and change.
When they came back in Mary was leading the way and her sweater was unzipped down between her heavy boobs. Jill came in next and she looked stunning, as well. Her tits were full and very heavy, and her nipples were very large and erect. Scott and I quickly confirmed that they both looked smoking hot, with or without a bra, but that braless was definitely better.
During dinner, we talked more about the clothing optional resorts and we told Jill about some of the outfits Mary had worn around the resort and to the disco on theme nights. She said she hadn't seen any pics of those outfits? I told her that we separated the pics into PG and R so as not to offend anyone, too much, and that she had seen the PG pics. She asked if she and Scott could see the R rated pics, since we were all friends and after dinner I got them my tablet and queued up the pics, attached it to the TV and started a slide show.
There were lots of pics of Mary wearing scanty lingerie and lots more of her nude, many in public. There were even a few of Mary playing with a dildo that embarrassed Mary but Jill and Scott seemed to like. Jill didn't appear to be at all jealous of Scott looking at the pictures of Mary. I filed that little tidbit of information away in the back of by brain. Jill thanked us for showing them the pics and then asked us about other exhibitionist activities.
We told Jill that we have my friend Carl over for dinner most Friday nights. When he first started coming over I had asked Mary to wear revealing outfits and, over time, she was now mostly, or totally, nude when he came over. Jill asked Mary about how it felt, and she admitted that over time she had grown to really enjoy it and liked for Carl to see her nude. She said he had never said or done anything to make her feel uncomfortable. Jill was very intrigued by this and when she brought up again later Mary invited them to dinner the next night as it was "Carl night". Jill said they didn't want to intrude but we said it would be no problem as Carl knew Scott already, and I was very sure Carl would like Jill.
After they left Mary said she really liked Jill and that she'd had a great time. I told her how hot she looked, and she commented on Jill's figure asking me how it compared to hers. I reiterated to her they both had stunning figures and looked hot. I also didn't think it was an accident that Scott had found a busty older woman as Mary had ruined him for girls his own age. Mary blushed and said she didn't think that was the case, but I could tell she was thinking about it, and was flattered.
The next afternoon Jill called and spoke to Mary for quite some time. When Mary got off the phone she said that she and Scott wanted her to show off at dinner, but she didn't know what to wear. Mary said she told her to come over early and they could pick out outfits, as Mary had...quite a few to choose from and she was sure they could find something with an appropriate level of "sluttiness."
When they arrived, I answered the door, we exchanged hugs, and the girls got glasses of wine and disappeared upstairs while Scott and I got a beer and sat down in the TV room. Scott said Jill was very excited about showing off with Mary and I told him she wasn't alone!
When the girls came downstairs they were both wearing very short cowl neck halter style dresses and along with lace top thigh high stockings. The dresses were very short and barely covered their lovely bottoms and the lace tops of the stockings were mostly exposed, as well. The cowl in front was open to about 4" below the navel. If they stood still the dresses showed all the cleavage in the world and if they moved, you got to see a lot more of their boobs including glimpses of nipples.
Mary's dress was black, and Jill's was red. They both looked sensational! I had told Carl that we would be having company, he knew Scott, but he was pleasantly surprised when he arrived to see Jill and Mary dressed in the same outfits. I introduced Carl to Jill and then Carl, Scott and I sat down at the table to chat while the girls worked on dinner, and we all watched them, closely!
Dinner was very nice and we all had a great time talking about things but with Carl there the subject of sex never really came up. The girls made sure we all got plenty of peeks at their gorgeous breasts. After dinner, we watched a movie and then chatted some more before Carl left at 10:00 as he had to work the next day. Mary and I walked Carl to the door and he said he'd had a great time, as always, and thanked us for inviting him.
We went back into the TV room and Scott and Jill were making out on the couch. Scott had opened the top of her dress and was kneading one of her massive boobs. When we came in Jill laughed and apologized, and I told her there was nothing to apologize for. Jill said that it had really been a turn on for her showing off in front of Carl and me. She asked if that made her an exhibitionist and Scott said, "I hope so" and we all had a good laugh. Mary and I sat down in the love seat and we continued to chat about the evening, all the while Jill's gorgeous left boob was still completely exposed, and her nipple was very erect.
We decided to watch another movie and Mary put in the DVD, giving us all a great peek at her bare ass and a little glimpse of her pussy. Mary sat down next to me and snuggled close as the movie started. I opened the top of Mary's dress exposing her boobs and started to play with them. I noticed that Jill was watching us more than the movie and that Scott had Jill's boobs out, as well. I whispered in Mary's ear and soon she got up and to get another glass of wine for herself and Jill. When she came back she gave Jill the wine then came back over to the loveseat. She set her wine down and then dropped the halter over her head and wiggled out of the dress leaving her nude but for the stockings. Then she sat back down on the loveseat and leaned against me, facing sideways so Jill and Scott could see all her nude body as I idly played with her tits.
About 10 minutes into the second movie Jill excused herself to go to the ladies' room. When she returned, she took a big sip of wine and then stripped off her dress, just as Mary had done. Her body right off a 50's pin-up calendar. Her boobs were huge and heavy, and her nipples were puckered and very erect. The inner lips of her vagina were medium pink and meaty and protruded about ¼" past her outer lips. Mary's inner lips are much paler and don't protrude much unless she's very aroused. Mary and I both told her she had an amazing body and she blushed and sat back down next to a grinning Scott.
Jill asked Mary about her clit hood piercing and if she liked it and would do it again. Mary said she loved it and spread her legs, so Jill could better see her piercing and her smooth pussy. Jill said that when she started dating Scott he had asked her to shave her "kitty" and she had done so, reluctantly, but soon found, as Mary had, that she really liked it smooth.
The movie ended around midnight the girls went upstairs so Jill could get dressed and they could go back to their hotel. Scott thanked me and said the night had gone even better than he could have hoped. We hugged and exchanged e-mail addresses and Jill promised to keep in touch. We told them that they had a standing invitation of dinner whenever they were in town.
I got an e-mail from Jill the following week thanking us for dinner and for making her feel so welcome. She said she had really enjoyed showing off for us and I assured her that I had enjoyed it even more! Scott was gone with his job for days at a time and Mary and I got e-mails from Jill at least once a week.
A couple of months later Jill e-mailed and said they were going to be in town for a long weekend in about 3 months and after some back and forth we arranged to have them for dinner on Friday, for Carl night, and then they would take us out to dinner on Saturday. Jill said she was excited about seeing us and was looking forward to showing off again on Carl night.