Annette and I had been sitting in our dorm room, both of us naked, when she asked me how I became such a show-off. I had told her about the first time I went topless, on the community beach at the lake near the small town where I grew up, and then told her that there was more.
"More?" she asked.
"Yeah. I had gotten so turned on by going topless that I just had to try it again, but there was no way that the park rangers were going to let me get away with it at the lake. Heck, they had told Lisa and me to 'roll over' onto our tummies and not show off our tits, and that was a very nice way of not arresting us.
"So, after I got home - and gotten myself off in the shower! - I started searching the internet, trying to find a topless beach in Jersey. It showed that there was a completely nude beach in Sandy Hook, all the way to the north end of the state, and I've been there a lot, but the first thing I found was a story which noted that a few women were getting away with going topless on the beach in Atlantic City and Margate. The story was more about the popularity of thong bottoms, and said that a fair amount of girls were wearing them on those beaches now, but a few more were going topless.
"Well, the thongs interested me, but it was the excitement of going topless that was getting me going.
"So, anyway, I called Lisa, and told her about this, and asked her if she'd go with me on Saturday. She was hesitant, but I kept pleading, finally pointing out that she didn't have to go topless if she was too uncomfortable. Finally, she agreed."
"You really can be pushy," Annette said.
"I know, I'm a real bitch, aren't I?"
"No, not a bitch, just . . . pushy!" We both had to laugh at that!
"I should probably have had more sense about this, because I was scheduled to report for Basic right after Labor Day, and getting busted could have fouled up my plans. But anyway, Saturday came, and I was going to dress hot for the day. I put on my purple bikini - it was the only one I had - and some cut-off jeans shorts and had cut off this grey tank top so that it stopped about four inches below my boobs. I borrowed my mom's car for the day, telling her that we were going to the beach in Jersey, so she knew I'd have it all day. I headed over to Lisa's and picked her up, and then she said that Stacey, one of our friends from high school, who'd been with us when we went topless before, wanted to go.
"'Is she going to go topless?' I asked.
"'I don't know, but she knows that you are planning on it. Heck, I'm still not sure that I'll do it! But I guess that we'll see.'
"So, we headed over to Stacey's house, and she was ready to go. Once we were back in the car, I said, 'This has to go!' and pulled my bandeau top off, out from under my tank. Lisa and Stacy cheered, saying that I must be really ready to show off. And I suppose I was, because while I was even flatter-chested than I am now, my nips were pretty noticeable under my shirt. It wasn't see-through, but my puffies were well outlined."
"Well, of course they were," Annette chimed in, "just like the guys here like looking at your chest!"
I just smiled at that one.
"It took a couple of hours for us to get to Atlantic City, but I actually found a parking space on Atlantic Avenue, which is just a couple of blocks away from the beach. Fortunately, mom's car has keypad entry, so I was able to hide my keys in the car. We had our beach blankets and sunscreen and stuff, and headed right down, and found a good spot not too far from the pier. Once we got settled down, I didn't waste another second, and pulled my tank top off. Again, it was a real rush. Of course, I had to lather myself down with SPF-50, or I'd have turned into a lobster.
"Lisa and Stacey looked at me all stunned. Sure, they had expected me to go topless, but they really weren't ready for me to go about it so blatantly. We all sat down on the beach blankets and chatted away, but mostly ignored the guys who somehow found reasons to walk past us. After about twenty minutes, Stacey said 'What the heck,' and pulled off her bikini top. She doesn't have as big a chest as Lisa, but it's certainly bigger than mine. That got us more attention, but we still kept ignoring the guys who wanted to chat us up.
'After almost an hour, we decided to go check out the shops on the Boardwalk. For that, Stacey and I had to put our tops back on, which was kind of a bummer, but I didn't think that I'd get away with being topless on the Boardwalk. Despite the stories I had read on the internet, I never saw another woman going topless while we were there.
"Anyway, there was this one bikini shop we went into, and I saw this really pretty, really tiny thong bottom. There were several girls I had seen wearing thongs on the beach, so I knew it wouldn't be a problem. It was a shiny, satiny-looking green, a T-back, not a G-string, and it was my size. Thing is, not only didn't the back cover much, neither did the front. It had a lower rise than my regular bikini bottom, and I could tell that if I wore it about an inch of my pubes would show over the top. I justhadto buy it, and I put it on right there, to wear outside.
"Lisa and Stacey were just plain stunned. I had on this tiny green thong, with my bright red pubes sticking out the top. Talk about the looks I got!
"We wound up staying at the beach for four hours, and other than a couple of walks on the Boardwalk for shopping and some hot dogs, I was topless the whole time,andshowing butt and pubes for most of it. Lisa finally wound up topless, too. There are probably a million pictures of us on the internet now."
"Oh, yeah, I'll bet," Annette said. "Did you ever see any of them?"
"Nope, never did."
"So, how much did you show off the rest of that summer?"
"Not as much as I'd have liked. I kept looking for more on the internet, and got directions to Sandy Hook; there's a completely nude section on the Gateway National Seashore, called Gunnison Beach, and I made it up there a few times. I loved it, but honestly, it was sometimes more of a thrill to be showing off in places where you're not supposed to be naked. At Gunnison, almost everyone was naked. Still, I went to Gunnison alone, and I did get some attention as a naked 18-year-old female, all by herself; it seemed like there was always some guy willing to help sunscreen my back for me. But all of the guys I found interesting were there with girls, and all of the guys not there with girls were either fat, hairy and ugly, or gay."
All of a sudden, there was a knock on our door. "Who is it?" Annette asked.
"It's Butch; are you ladies decent?"
Annette looked at me, since I was sitting naked in my bed - she was naked, too, on her bunk - and I gave her a thumbs up. So she answered, "Sure, come on in."
Butch opened the door, walked in, and I think that his jaw dropped all the way to his knees. "Uhhh," he stammered, "I guess that I could come back another time."
"Oh, no you don't," Annette said, as she stood up, walked over to Butch, put her arms around his neck and planted a long, wet kiss on him.