I needed a holiday after all this.
The day dragged but fortunately was busy enough to keep my mind occupied.
When I got to the coffee shop Sherry was already there. A £10 note was on the table and two steaming coffees were waiting. Sherry described how she'd found the front door unlocked and had made her way straight to the bedroom. She'd touched PJ to let him know she'd arrived, pocketed the cash and then had gripped his cock within a few minutes to start his handjob.
She was a bit sketchy with the details but assured me that she'd made him come. She said that despite being hugely nervous, it was actually pretty 'textbook' and that he hadn't seen her as she trotted off home as soon as they'd finished. I pressed her for a few more details and she added that he'd "moaned pretty loud", "come in big jets", "nearly hit her in the face" and "made quite a mess".
However, she couldn't stop smiling and giggling and kept waving the £10 note around. "I'm thinking of getting it framed" she said, "my first earnings as a call girl". Clearly, she was more than comfortable with it all and I knew at that point that she would be happy for a repeat performance. In fact, I was pretty sure that 1% wouldn't be the share of PJ she was looking for. She was buzzing.
I'd always felt a little inhibited by having to be aware of the demands of my husband in the afternoons so had tried to manage my diary such that I had greater availability for him. This turn in proceedings meant I could start to think about stacking my meetings towards the end of the day and knew I could rely on Sherry to pick up some of my commitments in the bedroom. This both excited and worried me at the same time.
Just such an opportunity to put this to the test arose less than a week later. I had back-to-back calls and this was interrupted by a trigger message from PJ with a photograph of his erect cock. I considered cancelling commitments to satisfy my husband but decided to measure Sherry's commitment. I briefly thought about forwarding the message but decided she had seen enough of his cock without me sending another picture so just sent her a message saying, "Round two. Do you fancy 10 quid right now?"
The response was, "On my way chick" and I knew that he was literally in good hands. I went back to my work and was soon aware of the front door opening. I didn't hear her coming up the stairs nor entering the bedroom but knew that my husband would be spending the next 30-minutes or so having his cock rubbed by my best friend and all that whilst I had to remain professional through the calls I had. The calls actually needed my complete attention and I was only distracted from them when the front door slammed and I got a text from Sherry saying, "The coffees are on me (him)"
Over the next few weeks I probably held up 75% of PJs demands and Sherry must have visited five or six times at my behest.
Then matters took an unexpected twist when, on one of my turns, I found £20 waiting for me on the bedside table. I was happy to accept the pay rise but wondered what had caused this as we never discussed increasing the fee. I was in a quandary as I didn't want to ask PJ why I warranted the extra money and I wasn't sure when this had happened as Sherry had provided the service on the previous two occasions. I would just have to accept the change.
Coffee with Sherry always started with the same topic of conversation. "He's a lucky boy" one of us would always say and then we'd collapse into a fit of giggles. It was the week after the pay rise that Sherry made her confession. "Well I know you're snowed under at work and only message me when you need to and I don't like to let you down nor PJ for that matter. I'm was pretty sure you'd be OK with it and Bren was up for it straight away so I made an executive decision" she babbled.
"It would have been nice to be consulted" I replied, "How many times have we used her?"
Sherry hesitated, "Not many, just twice, the first time was last Tuesday, I was at my Mum's and couldn't get away"
It turns out that Sherry had got drunk on a girls night out and had mentioned the part-time job she had pulling off her best friend's husband for a few quid. Bren's eyes had lit up and she'd cornered Sherry later and demanded 'in'. Bren's interest had peaked when Sherry shared her many dick pics so Sherry had 'subcontracted' to her a couple of times.
We discussed the increase to £20. Sherry thought it was my doing but we realised it coincided with Bren's involvement and we had shocked looks on our faces as we wondered how Bren had achieved this. It was clear that we needed to talk to Bren so this didn't get out of hand -- if it hadn't already!
However, as we reached the end of lock-down, I desperately needed a holiday!
With the global pandemic, restrictions on foreign travel and the experience of caravanning as a youngster, I decided that we'd venture into the camping world and buy a tourer. For me, this was a small step that would rekindle old memories of holidays I'd had whilst younger but for PJ it was somewhat uncharted territory.
We'd had a week in Scotland in a reasonably sized camper van and he seemed to enjoy that so I didn't think there would be a problem. I did my research and we eventually bought one I liked the look of and towed it home. I spent time making it 'ours' and making sure we had everything we needed.
However, PJ didn't enjoy our first trip as he found it cramped and restrictive. It was going to be a challenge to get him to agree to further trips but I had a plan.
It was the promise of almost unlimited handjobs that swung it and, without realising it when we bought it, the bed was quite high and when the blinds were open, whatever was happening on the bed was clearly visible from outside. I had found the right motivator for PJs exhibitionism and the next trip was soon booked.
A week in the Cotswolds was something of a trek from the North-West of England but we made the trip. I'd booked it direct with the site, Belinda sounded really friendly and like she had all the answers about the site layout and facilities. We took a pitch that was near to the centre to get decent WiFi and were soon set up when we got there. It was late and we were tired so once we were settled we decided to leave any 'admin' to the following day and turned in for the night.
In the morning we got supplies from the nearest supermarket and sorted the rest of our belongings out. We'd been passed by a few dog-walkers and exchanged pleasantries but hadn't really met anyone or checked in before we stopped for something to eat. It wasn't long after lunch that PJ started dropping quite obvious hints that he was long overdue a hand-job so I told him to strip off and get on the bed. A deal's a deal to be fair.
The view from the open window wasn't too indiscreet and with a squeezy bottle of lube nearby, I set about giving him his pleasure. He was lying back and with his legs apart I could see out of the window and tell him how near people were passing. Most people on a campsite avoid looking directly into other people's caravans so we were relatively safe.
I made a point of describing any women passing by, exaggerating how close they were and highlighting that they were looking or looking to come over. There were some 'blind spots' but nothing to worry about, or so I thought.
It was something of a shock then to suddenly have the site manager, Belinda, appear at the window. She could clearly see what was going on and stared directly at PJ's cock in my hand. His eyes were closed so he hadn't realised that she was only about two feet away and wondered why I stopped.
'You're not going to believe this honey' I said and he looked up at first my face and, once he'd seen me weakly smiling at the window, turned and saw our guest.
'Oh, don't mind me, I thought I'd come over and say hello now you're settled and see if you need anything, I'm Bea' at this she ducked under the window and her head was now practically in the caravan. I recognised her voice from the phone and her from her walking past a couple of times. I'd even mentioned her looking over to PJ whilst I was stroking his cock and he'd enjoyed my description.
Bea was around 35, very petite, probably only about 5'2", very slim, shoulder length fair hair and glasses. She wore a thin blouse and shorts with quite oversize work boots. She looked tanned and spoke quite quickly and confidently. As she spoke she used her hands a lot and at times was inches from either of us as she was so close. She was speaking directly to me and looked me straight in the eye.
It seemed only natural to continue slowly stroking the massive erection in my hand which seemed to have increased in size in the last few seconds. We talked about our journey down, where we had come from, confirmed how long we were staying and other fairly mundane matters as Bea, now leaning over the window, held my gaze but was inches from the hand-job I was giving my husband.
PJ was clearly enjoying the experience and never said a word. I slowed right down as Bea didn't need to see Hubby explode only inches from her face. I thought she'd run out of pleasantries but she carried on, "The shop stocks blah, blah, blah", "You can find the WiFi code on blah", "The barrier works by blah, blah", "The bins are behind blah" she was a mine of information and didn't stop imparting this.
I could feel PJ was drying up but I could sense what would happen if I turned to get the lube. I had no option though so I briefly let go to reach for the bottle and almost instantly Bea took hold of him. She seemed to pick up my rhythm exactly and, without a break in the conversation proceeded to wank my husband right under my nose.
I was speechless. She made it seem like the most natural thing in the world and we continued to talk about the site, the van, the local sights and amenities. I knew what I needed to do and I opened the lid of the bottle and passed it to her. She, quite expertly, squirted the right amount of lube onto her hand and rubbed it all over PJ's cock. He groaned, she smiled.
Weirdly, the conversation continued and I knew, that she had enough to talk about to keep going for as long as it took. She never increased her speed but I knew she didn't have to. I could feel PJ was getting close and his eyes were now closed. Still he never spoke. Bea could also feel how near he was to coming and she passed me the bottle back.
She then reached in her pocket, took out her phone and snapped a picture of his cock with her hand wrapped around it, then another, then another. It was like she was trying to get a good photo. She must have got one as she put her phone away and continued to expertly stroke his throbbing cock.
She was now on how long she's had the site, how the Pandemic had affected business and the new people she'd met as people had moved to holidaying in this country. I just thought that if she was this friendly with all her customers, she was bound to see an upsurge in income.
PJ was getting more and more excited and, without missing a stroke, Bea continued to talk just to me. It seemed so normal that I continued to engage with her. PJ finally exploded and shot long spurts of semen all over himself and a little up Bea's arm. We finally paused our conversation.
She held on to his cock for the final dribbles of spunk and I casually passed her a few tissues. I was amazed how routinely she had just taken over my husband's hand-job, so expertly pulled him off all the time maintaining a polite conversation with me through our caravan window.
Her final nugget was to point out where the showers and toilets were and say, "I nearly forgot. Here's the key you need for the block. Have a lovely stay. See you later". She then extracted herself from our window, casually wiped her hand and arm with the tissues and dropped them in a nearby bin.
PJ was smiling from ear to ear but as if to maintain the mood, we didn't discuss what had just happened. He picked up a towel and his toilet bag and walked off to get cleaned up.