Vishal was still reeling from embarrassment as Nisha held his arm and led him to the elevator to go to the men's department. She continued to hold his arm with her hands even as they waited for the elevator. As they stood there, his embarrassment soon faded away and was replaced with a tingling sensation, as he realized that her left breast was pressed against the back of his arm. He didn't move his arm for fear of doing anything untoward, but Nisha seemed unconcerned and oblivious. She pulled his upper arm pressing it closer to her breast as she pointed to the sign that showed which floor they needed to go to. He was getting too aroused to pay any attention to what she was saying.
When the elevator finally arrived, there were two young men already inside, on their way up as well. Throughout the short ride up, Vishal noticed that they were furtively checking out Nisha, even as she remained oblivious to the attention. Vishal felt a strange sense of pride that she was holding his arm. He looked at her face, taken once again by how pretty she looked, with errant curls framing her face, her neat braided hair laying on her right breast, and her jimikki earrings hanging from her ears. She smiled at him. He smiled back. She squeezed his arm and held it closer. Then the elevator dinged as it arrived at their floor and they stepped out.
Nisha led Vishal to the area where formal shirts were neatly stacked in cubbies. Then she started looking around, saying "Let's see if we can find someone to help us."
There were several shop sales guys wearing the store's yellow uniform scattered across the vast floor, but she ignored them. When she spotted a lone sales girl, she zoned in and looked at her until she caught her eye. The girl immediately walked to us.
"Can I help you madam?"
"We need to buy him a formal shirt and trousers."
"Sure madam. Do you know his size?"
"No, not really."
"I'll bring someone to measure him, madam."
The girl caught hold of the first sales guy she saw and brought him to us. He pulled a tape measure from his pocket. It was apparent that the girl did not measure the male clientele, and Vishal wondered why she was even here in this department.
The sales guy addressed Vishal, "Sir, please stand this way with your hands and feet slightly apart."
Vishal did as he was told, and the sales guy proceeded to measure around his neck, across his shoulder and down his arm. Then he wrapped the tape around Vishal's waist. Nisha immediately interjected.
"Isn't it better to measure with his shorts off? How can you measure over them?" Nisha tugged at Vikram's shorts to illustrate her point.
As Vishal started turning red again, the sales guy grinned at Nisha, "No madam. I adjust the measurement accordingly. We don't take people's shorts or pants off to measure them." Vishal was relieved. He noticed that the sales girl was suppressing a grin too.
"Oh." Nisha seemed a little unconvinced, but she acquiesced and let the sales guy finish his measurements.
Once he was done, he wrote down the shirt and pants size information on his pad, tore the paper off, and gave it to Nisha. The shop girl told him she would continue to help us and sent him off. It seemed obvious to everyone that Nisha was in charge here.
"Madam these are our formal shirts. We have fitted and relaxed styles. Over here, these are from our new collection. They have a rich texture..." The sales girl continued to explain the options to Nisha, who was attentive. Vishal zoned out. He wasn't fond of long-sleeved button-down shirts tucked into trousers. They were so stuffy and uncomfortable.
After what seemed like forever going through the options, Nisha settled down on two shirts and two pairs of trousers. The sales girl then led them to the changing rooms. Nisha gave Vishal one set of shirt and trousers and asked him to come out once he put them on. A few minutes later, he stepped out.
As the sales girl looked on, Nisha gave him a mild frown, "Vishal, you haven't even tucked the shirt in!" She went up to him and pulled his shirt up above his waist. He pushed down on to his shirt, alarmed. "Vishal!" she said sternly and he let go. She pulled his shirt up again until the waistband of his trousers was fully visible, as well as a little of his tummy. The sales girl was smiling.
Nisha unbuttoned his trousers and unzipped them halfway. Vishal blushed, but didn't move. Fortunately, she didn't pull his pants down or otherwise expose his briefs. He looked around the store. No one else seemed to be paying them any attention. She then started tucking his shirt into his trousers. Vishal shivered as she casually tucked his front shirt tails deep into the front of his trousers. Her fingers grazed the obvious bulge of his partial erection as they went inside his trousers. Vishal's heart was pounding. A girl was feeling his penis! But Nisha didn't show any reaction. She nonchalantly slid her fingers all the way in, smoothing his shirt into his trousers until her fingers made contact with his bare thighs beyond his shirt tails. She continued to thoroughly tuck the shirt in all around his waist, not stopping until she was touching his bare thighs all around. By the time, she smoothed the shirt down over his bottom, he had a full-blown erection.
Nisha came in front of him again and started zipping his trousers again. She paused momentarily as she realized that there was now a hard bulge under the zipper, but then she gave it a firm tug and it closed up. She buttoned up his trousers and stepped back to look at him.
"That fits him well, doesn't it?" she asked the shop girl.
"Yes madam, it looks good", the girl was still smiling.
"OK Vishal, you can change into the other set now."
Vishal practically ran into the dressing room this time, locking the door behind him. His heart was still pounding. He took off the shirt and trousers. His penis was still rock hard, pushing out against his briefs. He tried to push it closer to his body, but that only made his penis throb and push back against his briefs with a vengeance. He decided to ignore it as he slowly dressed into the next set of shirt and trousers. He made sure to tuck the shirt in himself this time.
By the time he was done, his erection had partially subsided. He stepped out of the dressing room, hoping the sales girl had left. But both Nisha and sales girl were right there waiting for him.
Nisha smiled at him warmly when she saw him. She came up to him and did some minor adjustments to his shirt collar and smoothed his shirt down. She didn't reach into his trousers this time. She stepped back again to look at him.
"He looks smart doesn't he?" she asked the sales girl.
"Yes madam, they fit well" the sales girl replied diplomatically, even as she smiled at Vishal.
"We'll take both sets and let his mother choose which she likes."
"OK Madam, I will get them ready for you."
"Oh, we also need to buy him some new briefs."
Vishal wished the ground would swallow him up.
"What brand and size do you need madam?"
"Hmm. I'm not sure."
Nisha turned to Vishal. She came up to him and started pulling his shirt up again. He wanted to stop her, but he knew she would scold him and he didn't want to attract any attention, so he stayed quiet. She pulled his shirt up well over his belly button and asked him to hold it up. He did, blushing. Then she started unbuttoning his trousers again! Vishal started to panic as he felt her pulling his trousers down, revealing his briefs. He let go of the shirt and tried to hold on to his trousers.
"Vishal, don't be shy now. Let go of the trousers."
He held on.
"Vishal..." her voice was getting louder, so he reluctantly let go. Nisha pulled the trousers all the way down his legs. His shirt covered his briefs as he was no longer holding it up, but his legs were now completely bare. She nudged him to lift each leg as she carefully extracted the trousers completely off. She then handed the trousers to the sales girl. The sales girl seemed a little startled too, but she tried to hide it.
Then Nisha started unbuttoning his shirt!
"Let's take this off too. We shouldn't crumple it too much."
Vishal watched helplessly as she unbuttoned every button on the shirt from the top down, exposing more and more of his bare chest. Vishal looked around and realized that, this time, people were paying attention. Some of the men and the mothers, wives and girlfriends accompanying them were watching as he stood there with no pants on, and was soon to be topless as well. Many of them averted their eyes when he looked at them, but some of the women just smiled at him. His face felt flushed and his penis lurched within the tight confines of his briefs. He turned his head down to look at the floor instead.
He saw that Nisha was now at the last button. As she fumbled with it, her fingers kept bumping into the bulge of his erection again. She finally figured out that the button hole was sewn horizontally and she got it undone. She looked up at Vishal's face and smiled as she opened his shirt, exposing his bare chest. She slid her fingers under his shirt on to his bare shoulders and pushed the shirt off his shoulders, and continued to draw the shirt down his arms. Once she had the shirt fully off, she gave it to the sales girl, leaving Vishal standing there in full view of everyone on the floor, wearing a pair of white briefs and nothing else.
Vishal shivered as he felt the cool air conditioning on his bare body, and felt goosebumps forming. He looked down and realized that his penis was rock hard from his exposure, and was straining out vertically against his briefs, distorting them. The elastic waistband was stretched out at the bottom, and was barely managing to maintain his modestly.
Vishal clasped his hands in front of his crotch in a bid to hide it, but Nisha firmly pulled them apart, saying "Don't be shy, Vishal." He sensed several pairs of eyes on him, but didn't want to look around the floor. He looked at the sales girl. Her eyes were fixated on his briefs, and she almost looked like she was in a daze.
Vishal gasped as he felt Nisha slipping a finger into the waistband of his briefs. She was smoothing the waistband and straightening the briefs, her fingers almost grazing his penis as she did. Once she was satisfied, she addressed the sales girl.
"Can you see what kind of briefs these are now?"
"Yes madam. I think they are VIP. We also need the size."
"Where can we find it?"
"It's usually on the inside of the back, madam."
"Oh, should we take his briefs off to check?"
Nisha started slipping her fingers into his briefs as though to pull them off, and Vishal grabbed them, alarmed.
"No no, madam. I don't think we can take them off here."
"Oh. Let's just check the back then."
Nisha and the sales girl went behind Vishal, and Nisha pulled the back waistband away from his body. Vishal realized that they were now looking down at his bare ass-cheeks! His penis pulsated within his briefs, and he covered his crotch with his hands again, pushing his penis close to his body.
"Can you see the size now?"
"Let me check madam. It's not very clear."
He felt the warm breath of the sales girl's breath on his ass cheeks for what seemed like a long time, but was probably only a few seconds. He noticed from the corner of his eye that the two boys who were in the elevator with them were now watching him from a few yards away. They were talking in hushed tones, wide grins on their faces.
"Yes madam. I got it. Let me go bring some briefs in the right size."
Nisha let go of Vishal's waistband. As she returned to his front, she let the palm of her hand give his left ass cheek a little rub. She was smiling. She looked down at his hands clutching his crotch, and her smile turned into a frown. She firmly pulled his hands apart until his briefs were in full view again, his erection still clearly apparent under them. She held his hands apart and smiled up at him again.
"Vishal, I don't understand why you're so shy. Boys have no reason to be shy or modest. You should be so confident!" She let go of one hand and caressed his bare chest and tummy. "Besides, you're such a handsome boy. You should be proud." Vishal gave her a weak smile, his erection showing no signs of subsiding.
The sales girl returned with two packs of briefs. "We don't stock the exact style he is wearing, madam. But I have these two styles, and they are very similar."
"Can he try them on?"
"I'm sorry madam, but we don't let customers try on underwear. But the size is correct, and I can take them out for you to look at the cut."
The sales girl took one out of each pack for Nisha. Nisha held them up over Vishal's briefs and looked at them. She finally settled on a pair.
"These are cut a little higher on his thighs, but they are 100% cotton. I think we'll take them."
"Sure madam. They are a good choice. They allow more freedom of movement."
"Thanks for all your help."
"You're welcome, madam."
"You can get dressed now, Vishal."
Once he was dressed, Nisha held his arm again and led him back to the elevator.
Vishal was still in a daze as he trudged along. Nobody had seen him in his briefs in many, many years. And here he had been exposed in them to several strangers, and worse, he had sported an erection the entire time. He had never felt this embarrassed, this exposed, or this aroused, ever. All this because of a girl he had met for the first time earlier the same day.
Even as she pulled his arm squeezing it into her left breast, he shuddered at the thought of what lay ahead of him the next four weeks.