First of all I would like to say thank you to all who read the first chapter of this story and especially those who left comments. I do appreciate them be they positive or negative. In answer to some of the issues addressed in the first lot of comments. This story is my first attempt at self editing so if you feel this isn't my best work, well that may be why. We all have to start somewhere though. As to the comment about this story being in the wrong field; ie. Exhibitionist as apposed to interracial, I felt the story is more about exploring exhibitionism than about one of the characters nationality. If I could put it in more than one field I would but as we all know you can't do that. Finally, if you find some of the issues in this story offensive or just not to your liking, then don't read it. To those who did like it please keep reading. There's more to come.
*
I don't recall even getting into bed that night. I woke up the next day and all I could think was how our relationship had suddenly evolved. I was a little nervous about it but I wasn't scared. If I had known how deep we were going to get into this I might have given it a bit more thought. Well maybe.
I really didn't want to go to work and seriously thought about calling in sick but then I remembered we were supposed to be having an audit today and that meant all hands on deck. So I dragged my feet into work. I was greeted with the usual array of inane bullshit that everyone seems to get when they get to work, as though these people who you barely know much less like pretend to give a shit about you.
It did however bring a smile to my face when I was asked what I got up to last night. I thought about being brutally honest for a moment, just to shock the little kiss ass who asked. Then I thought saying I had secretly been watching some man with a giant cock drooling over my wife's titties, well it just may come across as slightly odd and I really didn't need the office gossip to get out of hand. Besides, it probably wouldn't be ideal for my career when all the big wigs will be in today for the audit.
So I went about my duties for the day and tried not to be too bored. Once we had finished with the debriefing meeting, telling us what we already knew, I finally got to go to my office. Thankfully I was one of the first being audited. This was good on two levels. First, they tend to audit the ones that they don't think they're going to have problems with first. This means that they get to concentrate on the morons and thieves with as much time as they can. Being pretty well organized meant they spent less time messing me around and less lectures on your work practices. Second, being audited first meant that I could spend the rest of the day doing the bare minimum of work as the bosses would be concentrating on the problems and they'd be to busy kissing ass to be bothered following up what I was doing. This meant I had time to think about the dares and where they could go.
I couldn't wait to get home. Knowing that Ella had been talking to Mike was getting me very excited. My boss stuck his head in the door about ten minutes before I was due to go to lunch.
"Charlie, we've got major problems down the hall here. Some dick head has fucked up majorly and we're going to need you all afternoon."
"I was just heading out to lunch."
"Not today you're not. Get someone to deliver something and get you're ass up there."
"Ok. See you in about five."
Great; just what I didn't need. I called the local subway and got them to deliver a sub up to my office and then called Ella.
"Hi honey, I'm not gonna be home for lunch." "Oh that's a shame, I was hoping for a repeat performance from yesterday."
"Sorry to disappoint you. Some moron has fucked up down the hall and as usual they want me to fix it. I don't even know what time I'll be home."
I could hear the disappointment in her voice.
"Oh, I was hoping we could chat with Mike again."
"Look. As long as you promise not to go any further than you did last night until I get home I'm happy."
"You sound almost as disappointed as me."
"Honey I had a ball last night and I can't wait to do it again and see where this is going to go. Just try and hold off until I get home ok? I might not even be that late. These morons that try and hide their fuck ups generally aren't that good at hiding things so it might not take long."
"Alright but I will be waiting and probably very horny so don't hang around talking. Get home as soon as you can. I love you."
"I love you too babe."
By the time I had hung up from Ella my lunch was walking in the door. So with a sigh I got up and went down the hall to see what kind of mess they had cooked up for me this time.
On the way home I wasn't sure how to feel about things. I was glad to be going home and relatively close to the right time too. I was very excited to be getting home to see what Ella was up to and where the dare she gave Mike was leading. But at the same time I was feeling terrible about the afternoon's events.
I worked out fairly quickly that it wasn't a mistake that was being hidden but a deliberate attempt at theft. I felt bad because it was someone under me that had done it and therefore I had the horrible job of putting them off. Its one thing you just never seem to get used to. I felt bad because I know he had a young family and I felt like I was punishing them because he was a dick head. It had to be done though. He had tried to steal several thousand dollars from the company and theft just can't be tolerated.
It turns out he has a bit of a habit of going to a fetish place where he gets put in diapers and spanked for being a naughty boy. When he told me why he was taking the money I nearly burst out laughing but then I thought who am I to judge? At least I wasn't trying to bleed my employer dry to finance my particular little fetish. I wasn't hiding it from my wife either, quite the contrary. I decided not to think about that and instead concentrate on what might be happening at home. Thinking about last night got me rather excited and I was all of a sudden lacking room in my pants. This wasn't helped by the vibration of the road and the fact that I just couldn't seem to avoid giving my cock a quick rub every now and again.
I pulled into the driveway, grateful I wasn't pulled over for a breathalyzer. I got out of the car and was surprised to find that I was a bit nervous. Obviously I had no idea what I would find when I went inside and I guess that had me a bit nervous but it also had me very excited. I entered the house and was surprised to find Ella sitting at the table instead of in the office.
"Hi honey, you're home earlier than I expected."
"Yeah I sorted out the problem. It wasn't as complicated as they thought. It rarely is. They're just too stupid to find the obvious. Why aren't you on the computer?"
She gave me a nervous smile and handed me a piece of paper. On it was a print out of an e-mail message from Mike.
"Ella, I am unavailable to talk until later today approx. 2:00A.M. Your time. The reason is that I am out attending to your dare. Find attached several of the photos I took earlier today as good will that I am indeed doing the dare you have given me. In return, while I am attending to your dare, perhaps you could attempt the dare that I am giving you. Then we can discuss it when I talk to you later.
Ella I dare you to take some photos of yourself and submit them into the dare forum. Because they will then be on the internet forever I suggest that you don't show your face or any distinguishing features that people you know would recognize. Mark these photos as EM1, EM2 etc. so that I know immediately they are yours. Mike."
I finished reading and looked at Ella, who was nervously chewing on her finger nails.
"What do you think?"
"I'm not sure if I'm brave enough to do that."
"You don't have to do anything. You know that I love you and I will support you no matter what you decide."
"I just think that having it on the net is dangerous. I mean what if somebody recognizes me?"
"Is that the only reason you don't want to?"
"Yeah I actually want to do it. I know it will turn you on even if you won't say so. I think Mike will get turned on by it too and seeing someone else turned on by me is pretty exciting."
"We can make sure there is nothing to give away who you are. That's easy. Did you consider that you will be turning on more people than just Mike and me? You will literally have hundreds, perhaps thousands of men stroking their cocks while looking at you. They will be thinking about fucking you and how good that would feel. Not just men either."
"Oh my god. Do you really think they will be stroking their cocks?"
"Absolutely. I know I would."
"Do you think that looking at me naked will make them cum?"
This was becoming very interesting. I think perhaps we've found another fetish to explore.
"Oh yeah! Is that what you want? You want men to squirt their cum while looking at you and fantasizing about you?"
"I've never really thought about it before. It's such a hot idea though. Think about all those cocks squirting cum all because of me. Mmm."
I wonder how far I can take this.
"I think you'd like all that cum to be squirted on you and you'd like it if the women watched wouldn't you."
Ella was really squirming in her seat now and she was squeezing her left tit with her right hand through her shirt and she had a far away look in her eyes.
"Mmm all that hot creamy jizz just spread all over me. On my tits, my belly and on my ass. Maybe the women could lick me clean once their men had finished covering me in their cum."
"What if they got cum on your pussy baby?"
"Well then I hope the women clean it very thoroughly."
I had suspected in the past that Ella had been attracted to some women from the way she flirted with them as readily as she did with men. But there is no way I thought she would be willing to let one eat her pussy. Admittedly openly fantasizing with me about this was a long way from actually doing it. But just the mental image of it was enough fantasy material for me for quite some time.
"Oh to hell with it. Get the camera out before I change my mind."
I went into the office and got the camera while Ella moved some things away from one of the walls that we would use as a backdrop. I came into the room and found her already half undressed.
"You don't want to do a slow strip?"
"Hell no I want to be naked now!"
I'm no fool and only a fool would argue with that.
As she got the last of her clothes off I set up the camera. We still had to use the tripod so we wouldn't tip off Mike that I was involved. It was a bit of a nuisance to be honest because it limits what you can do.
I told Ella that the camera was ready and she immediately struck a pose. I started clicking away with the camera and the poses got more erotic including some of her pulling her nipples, some with her spreading her pussy wide open, some with several fingers shoved roughly inside her and some where she has her back turned to the camera showing her beautiful round butt. For the finale` she bent over with her legs spread and stuck two fingers deep into her pussy. It was while I was taking these last few shots that she came. I was amazed to see her juices squirt out around her fingers as she came.
That was more than I could stand. I threw my clothes off and as I approached her from behind she looked back at me.
"Oh yeah stuff that cock into me now. Don't fuck around just get it in me."
Hearing her talk like that nearly had me blowing before I even got to her. I steadied my nerves, took a deep breath and then did as she asked. I stuffed my cock straight into her. It was incredible. She was so hot and wet. I felt more of her juices squirt out around my cock as I rammed it home inside her. She came again within three or four strokes. I could feel her cum all over the front of my thighs. She was still bent over and she had her hands on the wall to support herself while I pounded into her. It didn't take long before I too added to her very wet pussy. I squirted my cum deep into her pussy and Felt more ooze out around my cock. I pulled out of her and looked at our mixed cum dripping out of her pussy and running down her thighs. I went back to the camera and got a few more photos before she straightened up.
She wandered off to the bedroom to get dressed while I packed up the camera and prepared to load the photos onto the computer. When she returned she had on a tank top and a loose pair of shorts. It was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra again by the way her nipples pushed at the material. She stared wide eyed at the screen as I loaded the final few photos onto the computer.
"Did you take some pictures after?"
"Yeah, fucking hot aren't they."
"Oh god, delete them."
She was looking very serious.
"Why? What's wrong?"
"If you leave them on there I just know I'm going to send them to Mike one day and I don't think I want him seeing those."
"So it's okay to leave the ones where you are just about fisting yourself and your cum is squirting out around your fingers, but you don't want any with my cum in them?"
I was starting to get a bit pissed off about this.
"God forbid that Ella shows any indication that she is actually married."
"No honey it's not like that. That's not it at all."
"Well what's the problem?"
"Well, it's just that it looks so hot with your cum running out of my pussy, well I just really want to show someone."
"Oh."
I hadn't expected that response. But then I came up with an idea.
"Perhaps we can find a way of doing that anonymously."
"What do you mean?"
"Well you have to upload the photo's you want to a website don't you?"
"Yes they're going onto the completed dares section on the website where we met."
"Perhaps we can find another site to upload some pictures to. There are heaps of amateur sites around and we can do it totally anonymously."
"Yes that's a great idea. Lets work out which photo's are going to Mike first then while we are waiting for him to come back online we'll look for the right sight to post them."
Two hours later we had sorted, renamed and posted the pictures on the dare site. We were still hunting through sites that offered the ability to upload pictures of yourself, without having an expensive joining fee. These were fewer than we thought. We wanted it to be totally anonymous so we didn't want to use a credit card to sign up to any sites. We had finally settled on one and started uploading the photos when the tab at the bottom of the screen flashed saying that Mike was back on line.
"That was good timing."
"Excellent, you have to move out of the way so I can get on though."
"Oh yeah, I forgot."
I moved out of site of the camera and settled in my seat. Ella clicked on the icon and up popped Mikes face.
"Well hello there. I wasn't sure if you were going to stay up for me."
"It's not like I have to get up in the morning and I'm pretty sure I have something to keep you (up) if you know what I mean."
"Really? Do tell."
"That would be cheating and we can't have that now, can we? I think you need to verify that you have completed your dare first."
"Ok but I have to say that last one was a bit of a weird one. Do you have any idea how paranoid people are about taking photos of stores and buildings here? I got questioned so many times it wasn't funny and at one point I had security tell me to leave. I hope this comes to something interesting."
"All will be revealed soon. I need to see them before I can go on to the next dare though so if you could e-mail them to me now I can let you know if I completed your dare or not."
"Alright! I'm sending them through now."
"Brb"
Ella opened her email in box and started to look through all the pictures. There were quite a few of them and it took some time to place them all in an order that made sense.
"What have you got planned for him? What are all these pictures for?"
"You'll see."
She had a mischievous look on her face and I suspected this was going to turn into a tough dare for Mike. I got the impression he was worried about it too.
She re opened the chat program and announced her return.
"I'm back."
"Were they to your satisfaction?"
"Took me a while to make sense of them but once I had them in order I could see they were all in order."
"Are you planning on telling me what that was all about?"
"Soon."
"You are such a tease."
"Of course I am. You wouldn't want it any other way would you?"
"Absolutely not."
"Now, about my dare."
"Yes have you completed your assignment?"
"Yes I have check the dare site and you will find the photo's you requested. By the way I like the way you make me sound like a naughty school girl, I think I could get into that. If I hadn't completed my home work perhaps you could spank me with that big fat cock of yours."
"You wish. I might have to keep the whole schoolgirl thing in mind though."
"Oh shit! One day I'll learn to keep my mouth shut."
"I don't know about shut but I could help you fill it."
"Mmm that sounds good. I think perhaps you have a touch more than a mouthful packed in there though."
Once again it was as though I wasn't even in the room and I didn't dare remind Ella. I was getting very turned on and was starting to get hard again, even after our earlier session.
"I'd sure like to try though."
"I might be able to squeeze you in with enough practice but I think I'd need some jaw stretching exercises first."
"They say practice makes perfect and I would love to help you practice. I wonder how much you could fit in."
"Is that a dare or just a challenge?"
"Seeing as it's your turn to dare me I guess I'll just have to say it's a challenge."
"I'll tell you what, while you go look at the photos I posted I'll think about answering your challenge. I'll let you know what your dare is when you get back."
"Ok see you soon."
His image disappeared from the monitor and Ella turned to me and gave me a look that said she was debating something.
"What's the problem?"
"I was just debating how to answer his challenge."
"You don't have to. You know that don't you? You don't have to prove anything to him."
"It's not about having to do anything; it's more about wanting to."
"You could always take a photo of you giving me head and pretend it's an old one. I'll be happy to make the sacrifice."
"You know that's not an altogether bad idea."
"Woohoo! I'll grab the camera."
I got the camera out and went straight into the bedroom. Ella followed me in and got down on her knees in front of me.
"Oh hang on I better take off my top or he will recognize it."
"Be my guest."
I must have been grinning like an idiot because when she looked up at me she started laughing which turned into a fit of the giggles.
"What's so funny?"
"Could you be more eager?"
"I'm just trying to help baby. I'm very charitable that way."
"Oh yeah. That's real generous of you. You'll only have your cock sucked for a good cause hey?"
"There is a sentence you will never hear from me and probably never from any man."
"What's that?"
"No I don't want my cock sucked thanks."
Ella shook her head at me and tried to appear disgusted at men in general but the wicked grin gave her away. She held my cock in her hand and licked her lips. I braced myself as she was just about to take me in her mouth when she pulled away and said.
"I just had a thought. I don't need to do this; I can just bring out the toy box."
I have never felt more disappointed in my life and it must have shown on my face. Ella had a real mischievous look on her face.
"Just kidding."
She took hold of my cock again and sucked me straight to the back of her throat. She bobbed up and down a few more times and while looking me straight in the eye swallowed my cock right down into her throat. I felt her throat constrict around my knob and she gagged just once before getting the reflex under control. She then released me.
"Forgetting something?"
"What?"
"Take some photos if you think you can concentrate on that and being blown at the same time."
She laughed at me again and then went back to giving me a fantastic blow job. I started taking photos and was impressed with the sultry looks she was giving me as she slowly slid her mouth down the length of my cock. I took a photo every few seconds as she went until she had her nose buried deep in my pubic hair and the head of my cock right in the back of her throat. Once I had taken a few photos she picked up the pace and really started to get into blowing me. I was getting closer and she must have tasted my pre cum because she stopped.
"I don't want you to cum just yet. Did we get enough pictures?"
I tried not to sound too disappointed.
"Yeah I guess so."
"Oh don't pout, poor baby."
"Smart ass."
"It's more than just smart."
"Yeah it's pretty damn sexy too."
She walked around to the other side of the bed, wiggling that sexy ass all the way. When she bent over to get her toy box she spread her legs and bent over straight legged. She looked over her shoulder at me.
"Is it sexy enough for you?"
"If you keep that up it won't just be sexy, it will also be full of my cock."
A slow grin spread across her face and she raised one eye brow. That was the closest she had ever come to agreeing to anal. I nearly blew my load right there I was so excited. I closed my eyes and tried, not very convincingly, to calm down. I took a deep breath to steady myself.
"We should be getting back in there. Mike will be expecting you back. You should probably put your top back on too."
Ella seemed to think about it for a moment.
"I suppose. I kind of want to leave it off though."
"You can take it off again for Mike but put it on first."
"Ok."
Every now and then I had to shake myself mentally. Did I really just tell my wife to strip for a stranger? Well he's not really a stranger but not far off it. This was definitely a strange couple of days.
We went back to the office, I was careful to stay out of view and Ella loaded the photos into her file and then emailed them all to Mike. She brought back up the chat program and Mike was still there waiting patiently.
"Sorry to keep you waiting. I had an idea and had to get a few things."
"Sounds interesting, I hope it was a naughty idea."
"I don't know about naughty but it definitely is nice."
"Do tell I'm very intrigued now."
"In a minute. First things first. Do you want your next dare?"
"I guess. After the last one I'm a bit uncertain."
"This is very similar and very much related to the last one. I dare you to take your camera back to the mall and get as many up skirt or down blouse photos as you can without being caught. Then I want you to email the photos to me so that I can compare them with the ones you've already taken. This way I can make sure you took them and didn't just download them."
"Fuck me. That is not going to be easy."
"You wouldn't be chickening out on me are you?"
"Hell no! I've never caved on a dare yet. I'm not about to start now."
"Good I look forward to your results. Now about those jaw stretching exercises. Check your email."
"Ok. Brb."
"Man that was a tough dare."
"Yeah I didn't want him to think I was going soft on his dares."
"Yeah but he could get into real trouble."
"And walking around outside half naked won't get me in trouble if the wrong people see? He'll be alright he's smart enough to be able to do it without getting caught. I'm not trying to get him in trouble, just giving him something challenging. Oh look here he comes back."
"Damn girl. You sure know how to suck a cock. I love seeing you with a cock in you. You have a beautiful pair of tits too."
"So you like seeing that?"
"Hell yeah."
"I guess I can help you a little there then."
She reached down, grabbed the bottom of her top and pulled it straight up over her head. After throwing her shirt onto the floor she reached up and pinched each of her nipples making them stand to attention.
"Is that better?"
"That's a lot better. Now if only I could see you sucking my cock."
"It's big Mike but it won't reach half way around the world. I'm afraid this is the best I can do for you."
Ella lifted the lid on her toy box and lifted out a flesh coloured dildo about seven inches long and started licking all around the head and slowly taking it into her mouth. Inch by inch she slid it into her mouth until eventually all that was protruding was the vibrator control.
"Fuck that's hot. I wish that was my cock. That dildo is a nice starting point but obviously it is way too small."
"Hmm too small you say."
"Only compared to my cock of course."
"Of course. Perhaps this is more accurate."
She replaced the flesh coloured dildo and I knew what was coming. It was a dildo a friend of Ella's bought for her once as a joke. The joke however was on Cassie, her friend, because Ella loved this thing. It wasn't a dildo she used all that often, only when she wanted to feel especially full. It was twelve inches long and about two inches thick, it was also black. Not quite as big as Mike but still it was pretty big. She had never managed to get it all the way into her before and she always talked about how stretched it made her feel when she had it in her pussy but I had never seen her attempt to suck it.
She looked longingly at it and started to lick the head while she kept eye contact with the web cam, essentially looking Mike in the eye as she tried to take this massive cock into her mouth. It took quite a few attempts and a lot of licking just to get the tip past her teeth. All of a sudden the head just popped into her mouth and she could move it back and forth a few inches. It was obvious she could never get it much further and there was spit running down off her chin.
Mike was mesmerized. He sat there with a stunned look of disbelief on his face and I have to say that I agree. I too was feeling shocked that she managed to get a cock that big into her mouth. There was a loud pop and a gasp as she pulled it out of her mouth and she rubbed the corner of her jaw for a moment.
"Sorry, had to stop. I got a cramp in my jaw."
"Holy shit, how much is a ticket from Australia to here? I have got to try that."
"More than I can afford, that's for sure."
"What a shame. That's a talent that shouldn't be wasted."
"Hubby certainly didn't complain when those photos were taken."
"I bet he didn't the lucky bastard."
"So have you thought about your next dare for me?" Ella asked.
"I haven't done mine yet."
"I know. I just thought that I might make a start on it while you're doing yours."
"Well tomorrow is Saturday and the Mall is always busy on a Saturday so I guess I should be able to get some. So by the time I come back on I should have mine done and you could have yours done. Let me think about it for a minute."
"Don't take to long; I need to get to bed. But in the mean time you can sit back and have a nice long look at my tits while you're thinking about it."
She tilted the camera down just a little bit and then pushed her chair back. She lifted her bare feet up onto the chair and let her knees fall out to the side. She licked one of her fingers and started to run it around one nipple and then the other. She quickly squeezed one and her stomach tightened and her knees came up together as she sucked in a short sharp breath.
At first I was a little confused as to why she had tilted the camera down but after a moment discovered the reason. Her loose legged shorts fell open as she spread her legs and the camera was looking straight down her thighs at her very wet pussy. Needless to say, so was Mike. After a few minutes of nipple tweaking Ella reached down, pulled her shorts to one side and slid a finger straight into her pussy. After getting her finger nice and wet she brought it back out and started circling her clit with it. Every now and then she would dip her finger back in to moisten it and then start rubbing her clit again. It didn't take her very long to reach her climax. As she came she squeezed her legs together, clamping her hand onto her pussy for a few moments before shuddering and relaxing again.
"Ok times up. What's the dare?"
"You actually expected me to think while watching you play with your pussy like that? I can't think right now all the blood has gone from my head into my cock. Look."
He stood up and there right in front of the camera he was stroking the biggest, fattest cock I had ever seen. Ella seemed to shudder again and her hand went straight back to her pussy. I was stunned and even a little jealous because Ella was licking her lips again and she now had two fingers deep inside her pussy.
I had to wonder would my cock ever satisfy her again.
Mike sat down and the spell was broken. Ella was very flushed in the face and was breathing quite heavily. Mike was looking a little stunned himself. I think he normally had a bit more control but was losing it when it came to Ella. I have to say I understood where he was coming from. I was feeling a little shell shocked myself.
"Wow. Ok. Um your dare. Alright, I was going to save this one until later but what the hell. You gave me a difficult one so you can have one too. I dare you to accidently/on purpose flash a pizza delivery guy and catch it on video."
"Shit that is a hard one."
"Do you accept my dare?"
"Yes, of course."
"Well then I had better go. I've got some issues to take in hand if you know what I mean."
"I wish I could help or at least watch."
"Not yet. Good night."
"Spoil sport. Good night."
"Well what a night." I said once I had my wits about me again.
"You're not wrong; I wasn't planning on doing that. The idea just popped into my head and I went with it. You aren't angry are you?"
"No not at all, I'm a bit surprised but not angry."
"Good. Let's get into bed and you can finish me off."
"I'm not going to finish you off. Tonight Mike is going to finish you off."
I held up the big black dildo grinning.
"Well if Mike is going to finish me off I guess I better finish what I started earlier."
We just about ran to the bed room and seconds later we were both naked. Ella straddled me in a 69 position and immediately started to lick and suck on my cock. I licked her pussy a few times but she let go of my cock and said.
"Just get that big black cock into me now."
Who am I to refuse I thought and immediately went to work sliding the head all around her wet, slippery hole. I applied a bit of pressure and felt her moan around my cock. She pushed back hard against it and forced it into herself. As I started sliding it in and out of her pussy she started making growling noises in her throat, which felt incredible on the head of my cock.
She was really impaling herself hard onto the dildo now and her back and forth motion meant she was sucking my cock in and out of her mouth. I could tell she was only moments away from coming and I wasn't far off either. I reached up and as the dildo slid deep into her pussy I rubbed my finger over her very wet ass hole. She didn't complain or stop; instead she pushed back harder and moaned louder. Emboldened I threw caution to the wind and applied some real pressure. My finger slid into her up to the second knuckle. She froze and I thought for a moment she was going to get angry but instead she started shaking and almost screaming around my cock, of which she still hadn't let go, and she started coming. Her juices were flowing out around the dildo and running down her thighs.
She spasmed twice more then really went to town on my cock. She was swirling her tongue around the head and then plunging down, filling her throat with my cock. She did this four or five times and I couldn't take any more. I warned her that I was about to come but she didn't stop. I blasted into her mouth and she just moaned as she swallowed all that I had to offer her.
As she came up for air she had this wild look in her eye.
"That was fucking good. You tasted so good."
Talk about a night for firsts.