I smiled to myself as your name flashed on the screen of my phone. I glance around quickly to see if anyone's looking before opening your message.
My jaw dropped at the picture you'd surprised me with... a reward you said, for being a good girl.
It was a glimpse of your thick cock, nestled in your dark pubic hair... I felt my mouth water at the thought of wrapping my lips around it. It looked amazing and it wasn't even hard, I could only imagine how good it would look then...
I felt my skin flush with excitement, a familiar heat spreading through my core. This was the first glimpse of you that you'd given me, and I certainly wasn't disappointed.
As the day wore on, my mind kept drifting back to the picture of your cock, imagining how it would feel in my hand... my mouth... my ass... It was difficult to concentrate on anything else that I tried to do.
After dinner, I ran myself a cold shower, trying to cool the heat building inside me. I soaped myself up, paying extra attention to my firm breasts and dropping my hand between my legs. I squirmed a little under the falling water as my fingers grazed my swollen clit.
I braced myself against the cold, tiled wall with my hand as the other explored my warm, wet pussy. The cool water ran down my back, over my ass and down the back of my thighs, making my skin tingle.
I took a deep breath and stopped myself before I could cum. I wanted to cum hard later on in bed and I didn't want to spoil it now.
I towelled off and quickly moisturised, remembering to massage it into my bare pussy too. I slipped on a clean pair of pyjamas; my favourite soft shorts and a vest top tight enough to hug my curves.
I flicked through the TV channels, not really watching anything, just passing time before bed. I finished the last of a bottle of vodka in the fridge and headed upstairs... thoughts of your cock still filling my mind.
I stripped off and lay back on top of the cool sheets, the breeze from the open window caressing my bare skin. I let my mind wander back to the picture you sent me earlier. If only you were here now... I pictured you sitting and stroking your thick length until it was rock hard. I felt the heat building between my legs as I thought about licking the long shaft of your cock, from your balls to your round sensitive head.
I shivered a little in excitement as I thought about teasing you and sucking your balls, while stroking your cock with my hands. I pictured taking your head in my mouth, slipping my lips down your shaft to take you in as deep as I can, enjoying the slightly salted taste of you as your foreskin slipped down and revealed the most sensitive part of your cock.
Would you still think I was a 'good girl' if you knew how much I wanted to taste your cock?
I cupped my breasts, massaging them roughly as I thought about deep throating your cock... rolling and pinching my nipples as I felt the sweat beading on my skin, my clit starting to throb.
I wanted to touch myself, imagining how much I would have to stretch to take your cock inside me... but I wanted to share this thought with you... share with you how hot I was just thinking about your cock... I wanted you to hear me cum...
I grabbed my phone from beside the bed and clicked on the voice memo app... I knew exactly what you'd want to hear. As I rolled on to my front, two fingers buried deep in my pussy as the palm of my hand rubbed my clit... I pressed the record button...
All inhibition gone, I ignored my phone and imagined I was talking to you instead...
I let out a quiet moan as I worked my fingers inside myself. I was soaked, I knew I wasn't going to last for long...
'...I've been thinking about your thick cock, I'm so wet... I've got my fingers inside my wet pussy... I'm so wet I could take the whole length of you...'
I moaned again, the building pleasure momentarily relieving me of my ability to form words. I fingered myself faster, grinding my clit against my hand.
'... fuck... I wish I had you inside my wet pussy... or my ass... your thick cock stretching me open... I want you to hear me cum...'
I knew I was close, I groaned again, wanting to make sure I recorded it all for you... capturing every little moan and whimper as my orgasm built... still imagining your cock buried deep inside me.
I gasped as I felt the first wave of pleasure, clenching around my slick fingers.
'...I'm cumming... I'm cumming...'
I slowed the pace of my fingers down, stroking myself through the final waves, making sure the recording caught every last sound.
I played it back to check that it had recorded properly. My fingers still nestled inside my wet pussy as I listened to myself.
I found my fingers moving of their own accord, as a second orgasm quickly swelled as I listened to my own soft moans... the dirty things I'd said to you only moments ago. I bit my lip as I came again, surprised at how turned on I was listening to myself cum.
Before I could change my mind, I shared the recording with you... secretly hoping you would enjoy listening to it as much as I did...