Suzy and I walked into the bathroom hand in hand, as Jim sat transfixed in his voyeur chair.
Giving Suzy a long lingering kiss I then reached in to the glass walled cubicle to turn the Shower on full blast.
Turning Suzy with her back to me I began to unclip the fastenings' on her leather look corset.
Suzy unclasped her fishnet stockings from the erotic garment and let her cum stained hosiery drop down her legs.
She then bent over giving me a wonderful view of her recently fucked pussy and ass as she tantalizingly unloosened the straps on her high heeled shoes.
I couldn't resist placing a finger in her still wet pussy as she stepped out of the stockings and shoes.
Placing the corset and stockings on the surface surrounding the washbasin, I instructed her to make sure that the outfit was laundered for when she came over to mine, to get fucked by some friends and me.
Suzy looked up at me and offered her soft lips.
I grazed my lips against hers and let my tongue become entwined with hers.
Still fingering her shaved pussy, Suzy began to moan and buck against my finger.
I tapped her shoulder and nodded toward the shower.
We unlocked lips and I removed my finger as we both climbed into the steamy shower.
As the water cascaded down Suzy's sexy tanned body, I felt my cock begin to rise again!
My cock jutted forward and nestled between the soft fleshy lips of Suzy's pussy.
Suzy smiled sexily and said
"For me?"
"Who else would it be for?" I retorted
Suzy rubbed her fleshy lips back and forth on my shaft, not allowing penetration as she teased me delightfully.
"I will fuck those guys if that's what you want me to do!" Suzy volunteered
"Maybe in the future, but on Tuesday evening I want this body all to myself and we can cock-tease Jim to death almost wondering what we're getting up to!" I replied
Suzy allowed the tip of my cock to enter her as she softly whispered in my ear
"I'll fuck other guys if you want. I'd do anything to make you happy!"
I shoved my cock deep into Suzy's pussy and fucked her forcefully.
Suzy hollered, "Fuck Me! Fuck Me!" continuously.
I whispered softly into Suzy's ear
"Don't tell Jim that it's just me fucking you on Tuesday. Let's play with his mind and turn the kinky fucker on!"
Suzy kept thrusting her tight velvet shaved pussy at my rock hard cock.
Jim must have been almost ripping his cock off at the commotion she was conjuring up.
I have never had a 24-hour period where I had been so sexually active, but this little lady was making me hornier than I ever felt possible.
Suzy nails dug into my bare wet ass as she bucked my hard pole to orgasm.
Suzy almost shouting with passion blurted out
"Fuck me like a real man, the way my husband can't!"
I can't speak for Jim in the Bedroom but my cock grew another inch and I began to immediately empty my seed inside her cunt.
Suzy bucked and writhed on my spewing cock.
Suzy was screaming out "Fuck me with your huge cock!"
Each spurt blasted into her Cervix as Suzy took all my seed deep in her hole.
My legs began to weaken as my seed filled her pussy.
As the last waves of orgasm swept over both us, I felt my cock at last subside and plop from her glorious pussy.
A large dollop of thick creamy white spunk fell from her pussy and landed on the shower floor.
Suzy knelt down and scooped the globule up with her fingers and smeared it on my flaccid cock.
Licking the length and my balls, she cleaned every trace of spunk and pussy juice.
We climbed out of the shower and patted each other dry with the soft white towels.
Going back into the bedroom, it was obvious from Jim's dripping cock that he had also enjoyed the shower scene.
I looked Jim straight in the eye and said.
"Make sure you bring my slut on time on Tuesday and that she's all dressed up to receive me and some friends!"
Jim gulped, looked down at the floor and said.
"What time shall I bring her?"
"7.30 and don't be late and don't fuck between now and then. As I told you last night, she's my slut now!"
I could see Suzy in the doorway squirming with sexual delight at my humiliation of her husband.
"Now go and find something sexy for your wife to wear while I fuck her in the ass!"
Jim got on his feet and went to go to other bedroom to fetch a sexy outfit, when I stopped in his tracks and said.
"And when I've come in her ass, you can lick the spunk out of her asshole!"
I swear on all that is important, that I am sure Suzy orgasmed when I said this as I distinctly heard a little whimper when I looked over at her, she was squirming naked and biting her bottom lip.
Jim's cock definitely went solid!
I had these two jumping through hoops now, and the quicker he comes back with a sexy outfit for his wife I'll be jumping through her hoop!
Oh the powers of the Bull stud!
Jim came back into the bedroom clutching in his right hand a pink vinyl garter belt with matching quarter cup bra and thong.
D****d over his shoulders were white shiny seamed stockings and in his left hand a pair of spiked heeled ankle boots.
"You can get rid of the thong!" I instructed him.
"No slut whore of mine will be wearing thongs or knickers! The pussy must always be on display for me!" I commanded.
"Sorry!" said Jim throwing the thong onto the chair.
Suzy smiled rubbing her thighs together as she stood naked before us.
"Take the outfit and the slut next door and prepare her for me!" I demanded.
"I'll permit you to lick her ass and finger her pussy!"
"Thank you said Jim most obediently and took Suzy and the outfit to the other bedroom.
I could hear the two them whispering.
"Fucking hell this is turning me on so much. Are you enjoying it?" Jim whispered to Suzy.
"I've never came so much or as long as I have with him. He's such a good fuck that I need to see him again!" Suzy insisted.
"Do whatever you want with him, but let me know all about it afterwards and try and let me watch as much as you can!" Jim stated.
After a few minutes I could hear soft squelching sounds and gentle moans coming from the other room.
Jim was obviously chewing her ass and fingering her pussy.
Suzy began panting quite heavily which brought a prominent erection to my eager cock.
A few quite throaty moans and it was obvious that Suzy had come.
When she walked into the bedroom her hair was a bit disheveled and her face was flushed.
"Kneel on the bed and open your legs wide!" I ordered.
"You sit in the chair and stroke your cock!" I instructed Jim
As Jim took his seat I ventured behind Suzy's exposed ring.
Her heavy tits spilled out of the quarter cup bra and swung freely.
Her nipples were massively erect.
Placing my cock at the entrance to her asshole I slowly slid my length into her puckered ring. As my balls rested against her bald slit, I moved my hands under her breasts and said.
"Make sure these nipples are pierced when you bring the slut over on Tuesday!" I insisted.
Suzy nodded her head silently and Jim subserviently whispered,
"Yes!"
I fucked Suzy's ass for a good 30 minutes, where she encountered several anal orgasms.
As my seed was ready to be released I instructed Jim to get underneath Suzy's pussy and to lick her bald quim until I said stop.
Jim positioned himself perfectly and began to lap at Suzy's pussy.
My cock drilled in to her ass as the first strong surge of Spunk splashed her anal walls.
Thrust after thrust and Spurt after spurt, drenched her tightest of holes.
Jim kept licking her quim obediently and rather feverishly.
My cock flopped out her ass as a trickle of white creamy cum spilled out of her ass and onto Jim's lapping tongue.
Both Suzy and Jim moaned sexually, as my hot fluid ran down her slit into Jim's lust crazed mouth.
Suzy rode her pussy all over Jim's face, as he tongued her groove for all he was worth.
Suzy was bringing herself off on his tongue and lips, as Jim ate every last drop of my spunk.
Watching the husband and wife enjoy the feast from my cock filled me with a huge sensation of dominant power.
A power I was going to put to good use helping these sexual freaks fulfill their fantasies.
I'll need a good rest before Tuesday...