Delivery Driver Second Part
From Part 1:
After teasing my newly befriended delivery driver, I invite him into my hallway and slowly strip for him.
I touch my pussy which is already very wet and present my finger to him, he licks and sucks it, enjoying my taste.
On my knees, I reach for his belt....

Without taking my eyes from his, I slowly undo the belt on his black trousers. Already clear is his arousal as his cock has stiffened and is pushing towards my hand as I fiddle with his belt.
"I can't quite believe this is happening, what are you going to do to me?" he asks, his eyes wide, his hands shaking and his cock literally bursting out of his trousers.
"Relax and enjoy." Is all I say, as I continue to very slowly open his trousers and pull down his zip fly.
I pull his trousers down below his knees and rub the outside of his legs with either hand. I stroke around his inner thighs and inside his pants up to his waist, keeping eye contact as I do so. His hips are now gyrating as he tries to make contact with some part of my body with his cock. Still in his pants, his cock is now rock hard and almost poking out of the top. It is surprisingly big for a short older man.
Moving closer, I pull his pants up and over his cock revealing it for the first time. Thick and long, the foreskin pulled back over his head, the tip dripping with precum.
I pull his pants down below his waist and allow my hair to rub his cock as I concentrate on his pants.
I look up and his cock sits on my face as I look at him and smile.
I take his cock in my left hand and slowly jerk up and down. The precum oozes out and now runs down his shaft. Using my tongue, I lick up his shaft from the base near his balls and catch all of the leaking precum. With it now on my tongue I smile at my new friend and swallow.
"Very nice, a taste of what is to come I hope." I say, clearly to his approval.
"Christ you are so hot, I don't know how much longer I am going to hold on here, you're driving me crazy." He shakes as he talks, clearly in a state of high arousal.
I take his cock in my mouth and quickly taking it down to my throat, push down to feel his cock hit the back of my throat, then up and down again in a fast motion. I repeat two or three times.
"Hold on, I'm gonna cum if you do that again." He says as he tries to stop me.
"You don't want to cum?" I ask, with a naughty smile on my face.
"Perhaps you'd like to play with me a little before you cum," I say, and I stand and turn around, sticking my naked ass into his crotch.
He grabs my ass and pushes his cock into me, using his hand he directs his wet slick cock into my very wet entrance and pushes all the way in. We both let out a groan of pleasure and he continues, pushing his cock deep inside me and he starts to fuck me. His hands reach around and grab my breasts.
"Oh my god you are gorgeous." Is all he says as he fucks me harder, grabbing my breasts and my ass alternatively as he fucks me slow then fast, trying not to cum and enjoy me for longer.
"I want you to cum in my mouth, so don't cum inside me, is that OK with you?" I ask.
"Of course, whatever you want." He says, and he withdraws from me and leans back against the wall, inviting me to take his cock in my mouth.
I turn around and sink to my knees, approaching his cock I first lick and suck on both of his balls. He lifts one leg in the air, encouraging me to lick deeper, his balls are very sensitive, and he is jerking and shuddering as I lick between his groin around his balls and very close to his ass.
I take his cock in my mouth and slowly suck on it, licking beneath his cock and stroking him gently as I keep eye contact.
"Oh god I'm gonna cum, I can't take anymore." He says as he strokes my hair.
I continue what I'm doing, and his breathing becomes deeper and slower until he bucks and let's out a groan. His cum oozes out over my tongue and I slow my actions a little as he both enjoys and tries to come to terms with his powerful orgasm.
A series of "Oh my god's" and "Oh wows" are emitted, as his cum flows from the tip of his cock and covers my tongue. I keep my mouth open so he can see. He is continually looking at my face as he cums, watching his cum gathering on my tongue in what seemed like a never-ending flow being released.
As his orgasm subsided, I gathered up his cum and slowly swallowed, enjoying the taste of his cum. I looked up and smiled, sticking my tongue out to show that I had swallowed it all. I took his cock in my mouth again and sucked out the remaining few drops and licked all around his cock ensuring I had taken everything he had leaked.
"Mmm, that was nice." I said as I smiled up at him, his face looking at me in disbelief.
"Wow, young lady you are one sexy woman. How can I thank you?" he asked.
I stood up and reached for my dressing gown to cover up and replied, "You just did, you felt good inside me and your cum tasted lovely. Just keep this between you and me and maybe we can do it again one day,"
"Of course, looking forward to it already." He said as he dressed, and shortly after left my apartment with a series of thank you' s.
I went back to my work with a feeling of satisfaction, a very horny teasing session over a number of visits had culminated in a wonderful resolution, and I had made a new friend.
The next day, after releasing some pressure with my delivery driver, more naughty thoughts came to mind. I had been talking (well, flirting and teasing) with some friends on lit, and toying with a few ideas, also writing some stories which I like to do when I am feeling horny. I love reliving past experiences and hoping they lead to new ones. My new friend Mohan Singh had made touch with me and we had swapped a few pictures which was getting him very horny, it was clear we were going to go through with some sexy plans.
But on Thursday I was to meet up with an old friend in Bristol. I hadn't seen him for a few years, and he had returned from Denmark where he had been living to look after his father who had been ill.
I was looking forward to getting out and meeting for a drink in Bristol, so I took a train and landed at the station. My plan was to take a taxi into Clifton where we would meet and roam a couple of bars before getting something to eat and returning for my return train a number of hours later.
I arrived in Bristol and went to the taxi rank. As I arrived at the rank a phone message told me that he would no longer be able to meet me, he had sent the message two hours earlier to avoid me getting on the train, but such was the service on the train the message had not downloaded onto my iPhone. Fuming!
"Are you getting in love?" Asked a taxi driver at the front of the rank who was waiting for a new passenger.
I was trying to work out what to do with my day when his question made me come to a quick decision. I would take a taxi to Clifton and spend the day doing as I was going to, but alone. I enjoyed my own company and I also had a sudden realisation that being alone I might be a little flirty today should the opportunity arise. So, I got in the taxi and asked him to take me to Clifton.
"Lovely day isn't it?" The taxi driver offered.
"Yes, very nice." I said. He was about 60, short grey hair and looked like a tall man. Not too much of an accent but clearly form the area. I caught his eyes staring at me in his mirror a few times.
I looked down to see if there was a reason he was staring at me (other than my natural beauty of course!) and realised that one of my blouse buttons had come undone in the rush to check my messages, retrieve my bag, put on my jacket and get into his cab.
I was wearing tight jeans, trainers and a white blouse. My blouse was a little see through and beneath it you could see my black bra (tiny black thong to match in case you were interested, more of which later...)
So, he was staring at my cleavage which was a little on display now that my blouse had accidentally opened. The black bra was quite a contrast from the white sheer blouse so it was easy to see more than would usually be on display.
I immediately felt a little playful as I could see his discomfort at my state of dress: he was of course unaware whether this was a wardrobe malfunction or whether I was intending to display my chest in this way. He also clearly did not want to get caught and after taking a quick peek would automatically look back at the road ahead and make innocuous remarks about weather, Covid, the inept government etc. However, he was unable to avert his eyes for long without coming back for another peek, perhaps to see if he could see a glimpse of a little more if he stared harder.
"So, what are you up to today then if you don't mind me asking?" he asked, wondering if this might give him a clue to my dress situation, perhaps.
Thinking on my feet and feeling a little horny, I made up an answer.
"Actually, I am going to meet a photographer today, we are doing a photo session, he is based in Clifton."
"Oh right, anyone famous I might know?" he asked.
"Oh no, he is just an amateur photographer, I don't even know how good he is, I met him online and he offered to help me with a portfolio, so I though I would give it a try." I thought this sounded ambiguous and might lead him to question further. He didn't disappoint.
"I see, so what kind of photos will you be doing then? Are you a model?" he asked. This was going in a very interesting direction!
"Oh no, are you joking? Of course, I'm not, I'm just putting together a series of photos for an online profile of me." I told him, again expecting and hoping for him to probe further.
"Is it for work of some kind?" he asked.
"No, it's just for personal use, dating sites, that kind of thing." I was hoping this would lead to some good questions that I would enjoy answering.
"Blimey, I can't imagine a woman like you would have any trouble getting a date." He offered, somewhat typically.
"It's not that I have trouble as such," I replied, "it's more about finding the type of man I am looking for and being able to show a little more of me and explain what I am looking for on the specific websites I use, if you know what I mean."
I thought this was clearly intriguing him, he was driving slowly, like he didn't want me to get out or the conversation to end. I could feel my stomach getting that butterfly type of exciting feeling that I get when I am going to do something naughty. I was enjoying this and did not want it to end either.
"So, what type of websites, what is the kind of man you are looking for if you don't mind me asking?" He was now getting into the detail.
"Believe it or not I like older men, say 55 -- 70." I came clean and stared at him in the mirror as I spoke. His eyes still darting on and off me and staring at my cleavage which I had made no attempt to fix.
My left breast was bulging out over my bra and my bra was also a little sheer. My nipple was betraying me (well both were, but lefty was out there) so he was staring hard to try and get a good look.
"Really, you go on websites looking for older men to date?" he asked.
"It's not as easy to meet older men, it is a little awkward for an older guy to approach a younger woman in a bar for example, he doesn't expect much success, so outside of the workplace the best way to meet is online." I explained.
"So the guy taking your photos today, is he over 60?" he asked.
"Yes, around that," I said. Although it's pictures only you understand and I'm actually a little nervous about it, and very early."
"Go on then, you can tell me, I won't tell anyone, are you going to pose nude or anything like that or is ii just like passport photos that kind of thing?"
"Well seeing as you asked, yes we did agree to take some sexy pictures in lingerie, maybe also topless, but I am feeling a little nervous now and not sure how far I will go." I said, looking a little vulnerable and wondering how to steer this conversation. He had a thirst for more information but was not taking any kind of lead, it was clear I was going to have to make a move of some kind if he didn't.
"Wow, I've got a naughty model in my car! Well if you want to practice on me first before the real thing you can be my guest." He said trying his luck.
"Well now that you mention it, I notice you have been staring at my cleavage." I ventured, putting him on the spot a little.
"What's a man to do?" he asked, "I couldn't help noticing it and it kind of caught my eye, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable or nothing."
"It's OK." I replied. It wasn't done on purpose, It must have happened when I was trying to decide what to do and in a state of confusion. But when I saw you staring, I thought maybe you were enjoying it, so I decided to leave it."
"Well I'm gad you did my lovely, you look very nice." He said, glad he hadn't offended me and keeping communication open.
"So, have I already auditioned, or did you have something else in mind?" I asked, rather provocatively.
"As I say, I'd be very happy to assist you and give you an audience before the real thing so to say. No need to be shy with me." He replied.
"So where do you want to take me?" I asked.
"I know a quiet little place if you're not in a rush."
"OK, take me to your quiet place and we'll see." I said.
He sped up and drove for another 5-8 minutes to a wooded area. He parked the car, there was no one around.
"This look quiet and peaceful enough for you?" he asked.
Without talking I looked at his eyes in the rear view mirror and undid a couple more buttons on my blouse. He kept staring. I undid all buttons and opened my shirt, showing my black bra.
"Very nice." He said.
"Are you sure it is safe here?" I asked.
"No one comes here, relax, keep going." He said.
I unbuttoned my jeans and pulled down the zip. Lifting my ass off the seat I pulled my jeans down over my panties and started to pull them off my left leg, then my right leg. I folded them and placed them next to me on the rear seat. I played with my panties, pulling them left and right and up tight into my pussy, all the while staring at him through the rear-view mirror.
"Nice, keep going darling." He said as he started to fidget in his front seat, like he was playing with himself.
Slowly, I pulled my panties to one side, revealing my neatly trimmed pussy. I gave it a little stroke and moaned as the lusty sensation ran through my body.
"Fucking hell." Was all he said as he undid his seat belt and got out of the car. He walked around and opened the back door, climbing into the rear seat the faced me.
I continued to stroke my pussy and licked my finger.
He stroked both my legs and ran up to my panties. He stroked my naked pussy and I let out a huge moan to let him know how welcome his hand was.
"Take them off." He said. I obliged.
He opened my legs and sat in between them as I continued to stroke my by now very wet pussy.
His tongue dived into me, sending a shockwave of lust all over my body. He licked and sucked at my pussy, pushing his tongue deep inside me and rubbing my clit with his right hand, his other hand was pawing at my ass and my now exposed breasts. He licked and sucked relentlessly, it felt amazing.
"Oh my god, I'm going to cum." I said as he continued to lick and suck greedily at my pussy.
As I said this, he lifted me up from the seat, drove his tongue deep into my pussy and just as I climaxed, he pushed his middle finger deep into my ass.
I yelped. It was incredible.
"You like that?" he said, "Now would you like my cock inside you?"
I nodded as he fingered and licked away at me.
He sat up and pulled his jeans down, his hard cock sprang out of his pants and he positioned it in front of my soaking wet pussy. One push and he was deep inside me. He fucked me for a few minutes bringing me to another strong orgasm. Then he withdrew and rubbed his cock over my ass, covering it in his precum and my own pussy juices.
Before I realised what was going on, he had pushed his cock into my ass, the feeling overwhelmed me and he drove it in deep, in and out then started to fuck me hard.
"You like your ass being fucked now don't you sweetheart?"
I just nodded as he continued to fuck my ass, now made even better by his hand rubbing my clit and his finger sliding in and out of my pussy. Another huge orgasm was building and I let it wash over me. I closed my eyes in ecstasy as he continued to fuck me when he then withdrew his cock and I felt his cum spraying over my body.
"FUUUCK." He shouted as he cum all over me.
We sat in silence for a moment while we regained our composure.
Then as I came to, I saw this naughty old man. Sitting on front of me, erect cock dripping and chest heaving. He had just given me an amazing fuck and I was very appreciative.
I knelt down and cupping his balls, took his cock in my mouth. I licked and cleaned up all of the cum dripping from him, the rest was all over me! He got a wet wipe from his glove compartment and helped me clean up as we laughed about my 'rehearsal'.
"Wow, thank you sweetheart, that was amazing." He said.
"Ditto." I said. He took me back to the station and I got an early train back, I told him I was no longer in need of the photo session, maybe I would do it another time. We swapped numbers, next time I'm in Bristol...