Hi, my name is Tracy and this is my version of an event that took place early on in my career as a wife / hooker. Hope you enjoy my little story.
Norman and I were finally alone for a whole weekend, a rare thing. It was a little past dark when we decided to get into the hot tub. Norman went out to prepare it while I got my suit on then I mixed up some drinks. The water was hot, but it felt good on our bodies.
After the drinks and we were both feeling good. Norman turned to me and said, "So you are going to be a good slave tonight?"
Immediately I felt my nipples harden. I had been hoping for this.
"Yes, sir," I said in a low voice.
"You will do whatever I say, right, slave?"
"Yes," I replied breathlessly. "Yes, I will."
"Good. You wait right here. I will be back in a few minutes. And when I get back, you'd better not have any clothes on!"
I was naked in a flash. He was gone for about ten minutes, and just as I was getting worried he returned with more drinks.
"Stand up and let me see!" Norman commanded, and I quickly obeyed, my naked body gleaming in the moonlight. My pussy was shaved bare, and my now erect nipples were sticking out from my 38DDD chest. I knew Norman liked my full but curvy body. He always said my cute ass could almost fit into one hand.
"Good girl," he said, shedding his suit and hopping into the seriously warm water. The first thing he wanted was a hand job. It was not the thing I was best at, but I did it as well as I could. I was still doing it several minutes later, when the sliding glass door on the patio opened and two of Norman's buddies walked out onto the deck. Instinctively my hands went to my breasts, trying to cover up.
"I did not tell you to do that!" Norman said, pulling my hands away.
"And don't pretend to be modest, slave. I know it's not just my cock you crave. You want all the dick you can get, isn't that right?"
"Yes, sir," I said. It was useless to deny it. He was right.
"Good. That's what I thought. Now this is Tom and Fred, they both have clean bills of health and they're going to be helping me with you tonight. Probably tomorrow as well. If you do a good job, they will become regular clients of your services."
With that the blond one, Fred, took off his clothes and stepped up to the tub. He stood on the top step, looking down at my naked body. His cock was rock-hard.
"Well, go and say hello," Norman prodded. "Don't be rude to our guests." Obediently, my heart pounding, I went over to Fred and kissed his stiff cock.
I heard Norman chuckle. "That's just saying hi," he said. "You need to say a real hello. Open your mouth."
And I heard Fred gasp as I took his prick into my mouth and bobbed my head over it. It felt terrific. I always love a strange cock in my mouth.
"That's much better, slave," Norman said. "Now say hello to Tom."
Fred stepped into the tub, grabbing a handful of my tit as he passed, and Tom, the dark one, quickly stripped and took his place. I sucked his dick as well.
Norman had me sit between the two of them then, and give them both hand-jobs. They sucked on my tits and played with my snatch under the water. Norman had a big smile on his face, and I knew he could see how much I was getting into this.
"Well, guys, it's time to relax," Norman announced, holding up a big-ass joint. "We're going to pass this around while passing you around," he said to me. "Now how about getting your pussy onto Tom's cock!"
That was fine with Tom, and with me too. I got on top of him, and in a flash he was inside me. Norman lit the joint, took a drag and handed it to Fred, who took a hit. Tom was busy bouncing me up and down and had to wait for his turn. When he came I climbed off him and moved over onto Fred. This went on until the joint was gone, and all three of them had a turn at fucking my pussy a few times.
Then Norman said it was time to get out of the tub and participate in some first-class fucking. He went and got towels for him and his friends, but not for me. I was standing there naked, dripping wet—and not just from the water!
We went inside then, and I saw that Norman had covered the living room floor with blankets and pillows. "Lie down, slave," he commanded, "and get ready for a long night of fucking and sucking!"
I, of course, obeyed his instructions, lying down in the middle of the room. The guys all stood there, cocks ready for a good time, just looking at my wet, naked body.
"Okay, guys, you can consider this your free sampling of the bitch!" Norman said. Both of them said it was the best sampling that they could ever get. I thought so too, but I didn't say that. I was afraid it might make him change his mind.
Under Norman's direction, they all got down and took up their positions. Tom was between my legs, Fred at my head, and Norman at my tits.
"Okay, we're going to go in a circle," Norman said. "Tom, when you finish fucking her you'll move up to her mouth. Fred, you'll move to her tits and do whatever you want, and I'll get to use her hot slit. Now don't come too fast, guys. Make her work for it. You better get ready to take our come in all your holes tonight, slave, because we're going to fuck you till you can't stand up without help!" Promises, promises I thought to myself.
So it began. I wasn't sure how much time passed as I got pounded over and over again, but it seemed like hours. The guys couldn't get enough, and the truth was, neither could I. I came over and over again.
After they had all gone around the circle a few times, Norman ordered me onto my hands and knees. As I obeyed he gave my ass a nice hard smack, which sent a thrill through my body. Then suddenly I was impaled by a prick ramming into my cunt. I looked back to see Fred kneeling behind me with a big smile on his face. He grabbed my hips and started to thrust hard.
Meanwhile Tom and Norman moved around to my head, offering their dicks to my mouth. I opened up and took Tom's in, sucked it for a minute, then switched to Norman's. I kept switching back and forth, and both of them started fucking my mouth when it was their turn, so that I was rocked back and forth between the cock in my pussy and the one in my mouth, until without warning, Tom shot a load of hot come down my throat. I gulped it down eagerly, and as I did so I came yet again.
"Damn, that's a tight pussy," Fred blurted out, and they all laughed.
"Look at that," Norman, said. "She's been fucked by three guys for over an hour, and I bet she still wants more!"
He was right, I did. I wanted to feel all their jism, in me or on me or wherever they wanted to put it. I was thrilled when Norman pulled out the tube of anal lube and handed it to me. "Put some on my cock," he demanded. "Now."
I did as he instructed, rubbing it really well into his nine-inch cock.
Norman then lay down on his back. The other two guys helped me stand up on my wobbly legs and reposition myself on top of Norman, facing away from him. Then my ass was set down on his waiting cock. I felt him spreading my ass cheeks to get further inside me. I sank down slowly over him, moaning with pleasure as he filled my rear passage. When he was all the way in I lay back against his chest, my legs spread wide.
Seeing this was all it took for Tom to get hard again. "I want to fuck that slit again," he announced, moving into position between my thighs. This was something new. In my recent sexual experience, I had just started taking one cock in my ass and one in my pussy at the same time. At this point I wasn't about to say no, even if Norman would have let me. I wanted as much as I could get.
I had never known anything like the feeling of fullness that suffused my body as Tom pushed into me, going deeper and deeper until he was in all the way. I cried out with ecstasy as I felt both of them moving back and forth inside me. They felt so hard and big that I didn't know how long I could take it, but I didn't want it to stop. I was barely aware of Fred moving around to my head until I felt the hardness of his prick against my face.
Almost automatically I opened my mouth to accept his gift, and now I had three dicks inside me at once. They fucked the shit out of me for a long time, until Tom pulled out and spurted his load all over my tits, some of it splashing on my face. Seeing this, Fred could not hold his in any longer, and he pulled out of my mouth and shot his sperm onto my face and hair.
Seeing both his buddies get off, Norman now shot what must have been a gallon of come deep into my ass. With this last fountain of sperm shooting off inside me I began to climax once again, this time exploding into the biggest orgasm I could remember having in my entire life, screaming with pleasure and jerking around on Norman's prick like a rag doll. Then I collapsed and lay panting for breath on the floor, nearly unable to move.
"Now that was sweet" Tom said, and the others agreed with him.
"I guess that'll be all for now," Norman said then. "But these guys are spending the night, and we're going to do it all over again tomorrow. Right, slave?"
"Yes, Master," I said. Trying not to let him see me smile.