*******************************************
This is a continuation of the Private Game. The series is meant to be a standalone story and not as a prequel or sequel to any of my other stories. This contains my usual themes of wife infidelity, cuckolding, and voyeurism. The series is meant to be a standalone story and not as a prequel or sequel to any of my other stories. I appreciate the feedback I have received and some of the correspondence. I have taken some of your suggestions and interwoven them into my stories. I look forward to your continued comments.
This series should be read in order.
************************
Lynn sits back on her side of the couch. Chuck asks her, "After you bend over and flash what do you do next?"
"Well, I shift my position until I am sitting like this." Lynn sits with one of her legs on the floor and the other on the sofa. The effect is to put her pussy on display. Mike really likes it when she does this. To heighten the effect she holds her wine glass in her right hand and puts the other on the back of the couch.
"So what do you think so far?"
Chuck just stares in amazement. Even Susan was not this forward. Lynn is displaying her entire body open for his pleasure. Her slacks tighten up against her pussy. The slit is plainly visible. He pictures her nude with her legs spread like that as he shoves his cock into her waiting pussy. He knows Mike would like that. And he is thinking she would too.
"Yea. This is hot. Open your legs a little bit more."
Lynn complies with his request. Chuck sure is picking up the game fast. "Is that better?"
"That's even better. You look better with your legs spread. Do you spread your legs like that at parties?"
"Oh no. I sit upright and just open my legs like I showed you. I am spreading my legs for you. This is your private show."
"Why do you sit with your legs open?"
She hesitates, "So men will look at my pussy. It is a real turn on for me when they look. Do you like looking at my pussy?"
"A whole lot. You have a sexy looking pussy. Spread your legs some more so I can get a better look?'
She opens her legs wider. His cock begins to stir. He opens his legs a little more and shifts position to give some relief. If Lynn can show her body like this then he can let her look at his cock straining against his jeans.
Lynn is proud that Mike's friend likes looking at her pussy. "Like that? Can you see me better?"
Chuck puts has hand on her knee and caresses her inner thigh stopping a few inches from her pussy. He notices she lifts her hips a little to try to meet his hand. "That is even better."
"Where is Mike? Does he sit on the couch with you?"
"Oh no. Just the other man I am flirting with. My husband usually stands on the other side of the room talking to other people. While he is talking he keeps looking over at me."
"And that turns him on?"
"A whole lot. He gets really turned on if he is talking to another man and that man looks at me. Sometimes they ask Mike if he gets jealous. He just tells them he likes it when I am sexy. Do I look sexy like this?"
"Very. I For our game let's pretend Mike is in the library sitting down and watching us. Spread your legs a little more and put your arms over your head. Imagine Mike can see me looking at you"
Lynn complies. With her arms above her head, she is totally open. Her breasts strain against the top. Chuck knows what he wants to do but has to make sure he doesn't do anything rash. Lynn can't figure out what's wrong. She knows he wants to touch her some more. Then she thinks he is just being a good friend. He doesn't want to take a chance she will not like it. Mike is so lucky to have a buddy like Chuck.
"What else do you do?"
"I need to move closer to you"
Lynn shifts until she is sits next to Chuck. She still has one leg on the floor and the other on the couch touching Chuck's leg. Lynn can't help glancing down at his cock. She is glad she can give Chuck a private show. She watches Chuck's gaze as he scans her body. She knows he likes what he sees. He lingers for a few seconds at her breasts and pussy. She likes what she sees. Mike was right. Chuck is hung. She looks as his cock grows larger. She takes a sip of wine and licks her lips as she looks at his cock.
"Do you like showing off for me? Do you think this will turn on your husband? What if he comes in and finds us like this?"
Mike was right about Chuck's alpha personality. Lynn starts to get a little short of breath as she answers, " Yes. I like showing off for you. You are a sexy man. I like the way you look at me. It will turn him on when I tell him. We didn't talk about it, but I think he knows I was going to show off. I don't know how he will react if he found us like this"
"I don't think he will mind at all. Tell me what else you do."
She puts his hand on her inner thigh. "Sometimes they do this"
She moves it back and forth on her thigh and opens her legs some more.
"And I do this." She leans her breast into his arm. Leans over close to his ear and says "I like to lean my breasts into them."
"When you get hot and turned on, how do you refer to your breasts."
"My tits."
"Do you like me looking and talking about your tits?
"Yes they are my tits. For your private show you get this." She mashes her tit into his arm.
"Do you like the feel of my tits? I know you like looking at them."
"They feel great. I like the show a lot. Push them into me again, but use a lower slutty voice."
She pushes into him again. And lowers her voice. "You mean like this. I know you like feeling my married tits."
"Do other men touch you? I don't mean a guy that's drunk that tries to cop a feel but someone that turns you on." He reaches to caress the back of her neck. She leans back against his caress. Lynn's hand is now resting on Chuck's thigh.
Chuck caresses the tops of her breasts. She lets out a sigh. Lynn just lays back against the couch, "That feels so good. I like being around you."
"For a man who turns me one, I try to get where we are alone. Sometimes they reach out and feel my tits or put their hands on my ass. A couple of men stood behind me and put their hands around my waist and so they could fondle both my tits."
"What do you do? Do you move their hands?"
"Most of the time."
"But not always."
"No. A couple of times I had a little too much wine and just leaned back while they felt my tits." She gets more descriptive "I let one man open my blouse and put his hand in my bra. He pressed up against me and I could feel him getting hard. That felt really good. Mike was watching as the other man unfastened my bra and played with me."
"Does he like watching someone else playing with your tits?"
By this time Lynn's pussy is fully drenched. She feels the wetness soaking her panties.
"Watching another man play with my tits really turned him on. The other man did not know Mike was watching. We heard a noise and the other man left while I fastened my bra. Otherwise I would have let Mike watch me getting felt up some more."
"That's what you do for the public show. What else can I do to make you feel good? Remember this is our private game. Both of us can think of new things to do."
Lynn says, "Ok. Something like your idea about feeling my tits when I brought you a drink or spreading my legs to show you my pussy?"
"That is the something like that."
"Slide your hand under my top and in my bra."
Chuck moves his hand inside her bra and fondles her. "Will Mike get turned on when you tell him how I am touching your tits and making your nipples nice and hard? You have great tits."
Lynn looks down at Chuck's hand fondling her tits, "I like you playing with me. You can touch me whenever you want. He will really get turned on when I tell him what we have been doing."
"This is a great game. Faye and I have had sex with other people, but I have never played a game like this. Thanks for showing me. I am really getting hot. What about you?"
"Yea, I am really hot. That is the purpose of the game. Mike and I both get hot."
"Do you and Mike have fantasies when you play the game?"
"That's another thing we like about the game. We both have them. Are you having fantasies about me?"
Chuck gave a laugh. "Oh yea. I have had fantasies since I saw you. The one that really turned me on was when you spread your legs and showed me your pussy."
"That is great. I'm glad looking at my pussy gives you a fantasy. What is it?"
"Well I don't know if I should tell you. When you spread your legs, I fantasize you take off your slacks and ask me to fuck you."
Lynn sits up suddenly. Chuck's hand slips from her top.
"Oh my God."
Fuck. Chuck knows he is taking things to fast, "What's the matter? I haven't upset you have I? I feel bad. I'm not used to the game. This is all my fault. Maybe we need to stop and wait for Mike."
Lynn turns to him and puts her hands on his cheeks, looking him in the eye, "Oh no. Nothing like that Chuck. Mike and I have played the game a lot but nothing like this. The way you turn me on caught me by surprise. You are behaving like a perfect gentleman. I'm not doing anything I don't want to do. You are just being a good friend and helping Mike and I with our game. I really like our game. You are doing everything I like. I just need to a few minutes to relax."
She leans up and kisses his ear and in a sexy voice, "Besides, I have the same fantasy."
She gives him another light kiss and excuses herself. She goes through the kitchen to the powder room. Chuck stands up. His cock is straining against his jeans. He has to watch himself and not scare Lynn off.
Lynn enters the kitchen, "Thank you for being so understanding."
I am just glad I can do things to help you and Mike. I'm going to take a break myself. "
When he comes out of the bathroom Lynn is back on the sofa. He asks Lynn, "Can I get you anything?"
"A glass of Perrier would be fine."
Chuck walks to the sofa and hands Lynn her water.
Lynn looks up at him and bends over. "Thank you Chuck." She takes his hand and puts it in her top. He slides his hand under her bra and on her nipple. Lynn moans, "Yes just like that. Play with my tits some more."
"So you are back in the game?"
"All in."
"Now where were we?"
"What else have other men touched. Have they played with your pussy?"
Lynn answers his question, " Most of the time men just look at my pussy when I am sitting down like I am with you. One time I was standing close to another man and after I let him feel one of my tits, he moved his hand down over my pussy. I was so startled I didn't move his hand but let him play with me. Mike wasn't watching."
Chuck caresses the inside of thigh moving toward her pussy. "Do they do this when you are sitting down?"
"No. This is your private show. You can touch my pussy."
Chuck moves his hand down and cups Lynn's pussy, "Hmmm, you have a nice wet pussy. Did he feel you like this?"
Chuck puts a little more pressure to push the fabric in her slit. The slacks are light enough that he can feel her trimmed bush. Lynn just moans. She opens her legs to give better access. She knows she shouldn't go any further, but it is like Chuck has her under a spell.
"Ohh yea just like that."
"Are you wearing these slacks because they show your pussy. Remember our game. Your husband is watching from the library."
"I am wearing these especially for you. I want to show you my pussy. This game is great. How else should we play?"
"What else have you done? Have you touched any other men's cocks?"
"Mike told me you would bring up cocks?"
Chuck laughs, "He did? What did he tell you?"
Lynn thinks Mike was right. He really knows Chuck. Lynn answers back, "He told me you were hung."
"You have been looking at my cock since I got here. Now I know why. So you get turned on by big cocks. Go ahead and see if you think my cock is big."
Lynn stares down between his legs and sees him getting bigger. Why would her husband tell her about Chuck being hung if he didn't want her to find out. She slides her hand across his thigh to his cock. She squeezes him. Chuck is hung, nice and thick with big balls. Her husband did not tell her about his big balls.
Chuck leans back in the sofa and opens his legs to give Lynn access. He releases the pressure on her pussy.
She runs her thumb and two fingers against his length. "Mike was right you do have a big cock. The time the other man played with my pussy, I reached down and felt his cock. It was not a big as yours."
"Do you like big cocks? Have you ever had one before?" He asks this question because he knows Mike is not very big.
"I like big cocks. I had a couple when I was in college and guys I dated before Mike. He knows I like them."
"How big have your had?"
Lynn gives him a little slap on the arm. "You men and your cock sizes. One guy said he was eight and a half. I liked it."
"Did you tell Mike?"
"No I never told him about other men."
" Do you like feeling mine?"
"I love it. I like making you nice and hard. There is one thing he didn't mention."
"What's that?"
She moves her hand down, "Hmmm your nice big balls."
"What do you and Mike do when you get home? Do you go right to bed and fuck?"
"No. I showed you the sitting room off our bedroom. We use the loveseat for our hot sex sessions. Sometimes we use the room you are staying in. It seems illicit when we are not in our bed. We are both turned on when we play our game. Mike tells me how much he gets turned on watching me flirt. I tell him what I do when he is not around to watch. I even told him about the man playing with my pussy and playing with his cock. I thought he might get upset but he was turned on more than usual. "
" What else do you talk about?"
Lynn couldn't believe she is telling Chuck this, " Ohh god. We shouldn't be doing this, but it feels so good. I don't know what's come over me. But don't stop. He will get turned on when I tell him how you make my pussy so wet. I will even tell him how big your cock is. I shouldn't tell you this, I don't know how he would take it. He tells me his fantasies."
Chuck leans over to kiss his buddy's wife. Lynn eagerly opens her mouth and lets his tongue intertwine with hers. She becomes more incessant squeezing his cock. All she thinks about is feeling it in her pussy. Chuck increases the pressure. She starts bucking against his palm. Suddenly she lets out a moan and as the waves of an orgasm flow over her.
They break their kiss. It has been a long time since Chuck was this turned on. Mike really knows how to pick a hot wife. Time to turn things up.
Lynn relaxes against the sofa. She basks in the glow of her release. She quits squeezing Chuck's cock but leaves her hand in his lap.
"God that was great. You are something else. I have never gone this far before. You really know how to play the game."
Now that Lynn is relaxed Chuck kisses her again. "Mike will get really turned on when you tell him this. I know the fantasies he tells you. When you tell him how you show your tits, he tells you he is fantasizing about you fucking the other man. I bet he tells you he thinks about watching you suck another man's cock. He asks you to tell him how you would suck another man's cock. How you would feel with another man's cock in your pussy. Are those the fantasies he has? Do you have the same ones? Do you tell him how you would suck another man's cock? After you tell him what we have done he will ask you if you fantasize sucking my cock."
Lynn is getting turned on again with Chuck's graphic talk. She starts thinking about sucking Chuck's cock while her husband is there to watch. She gets just as graphic, "He does. He likes eating my pussy when we share fantasies. I get on our love seat and spread my legs. He is on the floor between them and tastes my pussy while I tell him what I would do with the men I flirt with. He gets turned on thinking about me spreading my legs for another man. I tell him how hot it would be to feel his cock sliding in my pussy. He asks me how I would like a big cock stretching me out. I tell him I would. I put my hand on the back of his head and push his face deeper in my pussy. He starts eating me faster when I describe how I would suck another man while he watches me. I tell him how I would lick the other man's cock and slide it in my mouth. I even tell him I how I lick the other man's tight balls. I am pretty sure since you told him you will be here on business he has fantasized that you will fuck me and I will suck your big cock. "
"And do you have that fantasy? Tell me what it is."
"Yes. I started thinking about you when Mike told me about your alpha personality and your big cock. I thought about you in tight jeans like you had in some of the pictures Mike showed me. When I picked you up at the airport the first thing I noticed was you wearing jeans. I thought more about my fantasy. When you were loading your suitcase I looked down and saw the outline of your cock. It looked nice and big. You could probably tell I was looking. I was glad that I wore this outfit. I wanted to show you my body. I am turned on the way you look at me. I was thinking how I would show you my tits and pussy when we were alone before Mike gets home. I thought about you touching me. When we were playing the game I could tell you liked my body. I thought about sucking your cock and letting you fuck me."
"I was turned on when you first got out of the car with your revealing outfit. I could tell you looked at my cock. I was not sure what you and Mike talked about or what to expect when we got back here. When you sat on the couch with your legs spread all I could think about was sinking my cock in your pussy. Is it just fantasy? Or do you want it to really happen?
"I would like to spread my legs for you and feel your big dick in my pussy. But I don't know. Mike and I both have those fantasies. But we have never carried out those fantasies. What makes you think he would like it to happen?"
"Mike likes to watch."
"I know about his watching fantasies. I just told you."
"It is not fantasy. He really likes to watch. He has watched me."
"How has he watched you? Has he watched you and your wife? " Lynn suddenly remembered Chuck telling that he and his wife played with other people and how intense her husband's fantasies are when she describes what she would do with other men. Her hand flies to her mouth, "Oh no, he watched you fuck his first wife?"
Chuck hesitates about bringing up Mike's previous marriage, but looking at how hot and desirable Lynn is he does not resist. So he tells her, "Yes he watched me fuck his wife. He also watched my brother fuck her."
She is not quite prepared for this revelation. "How did it happen?"
"They came to spend a week with Faye and me. The first night, we ended up exchanging partners. The next afternoon, he invited me to fuck his wife. Mike and Faye didn't hit it off. His wife and I really did. That is pretty common when couples switch partners. He told me that his turn on was watching me fuck his wife. I told my brother how hot she was, and a couple of days later the three of them were home while we were at work and he watched my brother fuck her."
"I can hardly believe this. We never really talked about his first marriage. They didn't have kids and both live in different cities, so I didn't see the need in bringing up old memories. Besides, he is married to me now and we have good life together."
"I can see that. Mike told me he is very happy with you. But that doesn't take away the attraction you and I have."
"I know. I can't believe how I am acting. I guess the other times, my showing off was at parties, so really couldn't let things go too far. There is this attraction I just can't explain. You are a very sexy man and I do not regret what we did. I like playing the game with you. I just don't want to hurt Mike's feelings. Plus, he is not like that anymore."
Chuck just takes in the delectable blonde wife's charms. He reaches over and squeezes one of her tits pinching up the nipple. Lynn does not move his hand away.
He has to have here. "I wouldn't be so sure. Men like that don't change. Feelings like that don't go away. You told me how turned on he gets when you describe fucking another man. I think he will be turned on watching us fuck."
Lynn's mind is reeling. She wants to fuck Chuck and suck that big cock of his. But how can she go that far and not upset her husband? Fantasy is one thing, carrying out that fantasy is quite another.
She looks at Chuck, "But how will I tell he hasn't changed. How can I know he really wants to watch us fuck?"
She is Chuck's now. Chuck tells her the signs, "Think about a few things. He invited me to stay here instead of going to a hotel. That gives time where we are alone. He wanted you to pick me at the airport when he was a work. He didn't tell you not to play your flirting game with me. He must have known how I would react. He even told you about my cock size."
"You're right about that. Especially the cock size. How can I tell how he feels when he gets home?
"Just stay upbeat and try not to give anything away. Give little hints, but not details. Let him guess what might have happened between us. Don't say anything about him watching me and his ex. Keep showing off like you do at parties. Lean into me and let him see you. He will find excuses to leave us alone. When he comes back into the room make it look like we have been having an intimate talk. Lean up and kiss my cheek when you know he can see. When we go into your family room make sure you and I sit together on the couch. He can sit in the recliner. Spread your legs nice and wide like you did earlier. He will know you are showing me your pussy. When we talk bend over towards me so Mike knows I can see your tits. Besides I like looking at your body."
"What do you think he will do if I am that blatant?"
"He won't do anything to stop us. He will start to get a little quiet. You will notice he looks at us like a spectator."
"There is one more thing that is important. It has to be Mike's idea to stop. If you stop, he will think you do not want to go any further. He will not want to pressure you to do anything you don't want to do."
"And if he does those things?"
"Then I will give you what you want and fuck you while your husband watches."
Just then the phone rings. Lynn practically jumps off the couch. It is Mike.
"He is on his way home. I am glad he called and didn't walk in on us."
But Lynn is thinking maybe he wouldn't have minded. Chuck tells Lynn he is going upstairs to shower and change.
Lynn reaches down and feels his cock, "Just make sure you wear jeans."
(to be continued)