I've just completed my chosen ensemble for this evening and I'm now standing in my bedroom, looking at my reflection in my full length wardrobe mirrors.
I was just about to twirl around to view the full reflection of my pink PVC lingerie clad curvaceous body, when my husband walked into the bedroom, stopped at the doorway and sighed.
"Are you really wearing that lot tonight?" He said almost despondently.
"Of course I am!" I replied triumphantly.
I was standing before him, wearing a shocking pink soft PVC quarter cup bra which cupped my full 36 DD breasts magnificently, with my erect pierced nipples jutting forward proudly.
My waist was being cinched by a shocking pink soft PVC Waspie with black PVC trim, from which black seamed stockings were attached to the garter straps.
The stockings were very long and shiny with the tops only inches from the tops of my legs, leaving a small gap of flesh between the tops of my stockings and the hairless slit of my shaved pussy.
My petite feet were standing proudly in a pair of shiny black spike heeled court shoes, with a thin ankle strap, which was fastened with tiny shiny silver bondage locks, confirming my very slutty sexy look.
My ass and shaved pussy were exposed, which added to my sexy slut look, as I'd decided to forego the shocking pink PVC thong, for the moment at least, and with a very good reason for the omission.
Hubby's eyes were on stalks as the jealous streak within him came to the surface. He approved of the erotic lingerie for his own eyes, but not so much the concept of me adorning this look and venturing outside the boudoir for the possibility of others to enjoy the intended effect.
"I'm all for you doing a little teasing and flirting, but this will definitely send out the wrong signals!" He sighed.
"I think this will send out the right signals! I love to tease and show off and judging by your reaction after every time I do, it's obvious that you also approve!" I smiled.
"Babe the last few times, do you not think you went a bit too far?" He asked in a begging tone.
"For fucks sake! One guy tried to feel me up when I danced dirty with him, but I didn't let him! If you keep on acting all crazy jealous like this, I just may let one of my dance partners feel me up and maybe more!" I answered in rather dominant voice.
"Plus if memory serves, when we got back home you couldn't wait to be inside me and fucked me like a crazed animal!" I replied stroking my shaved pussy, slowly bucking my hips at my hand as I did so.
"And I also you recall you asking me if I'd like to fuck one of the guys while you were banging my pussy" I drawled
"That was just fantasy and bedroom talk. What are you planning to wear on top?" He enquired trying to change the subject.
"Well tonight honey, I'm going to wear a new shocking pink soft Lycra PVC dress with a very tight mini skirt effect. It zips all the way down the front! The zip is two way and can be opened from the bottom or the top!" I stated "Here help me into it!" I continued holding the small pink fabric in my hand and handing it to hubby.
"There doesn't seem to be much of it?" He stated, his face reddening as he gulped holding the tiny garment.
"That's the whole idea! It actually clings to my breasts, showing just enough cleavage, and is skin-tight around my waist, hips and ass. Wait until you see it on. It's very sexy and very slutty!" I giggled "And you know I like to be sexy and slutty!"
Hubby held up the dress as I slipped my arms through the short sleeves. Clicking the zip into the hold at cleavage level, pulling my large pierced breasts together, I asked hubby to pull the zip the full length and smooth my dress over my slutty PVC lingerie.
Hubby slowly pulled the zip over the curves of my large breasts, as the tight dress clung to my large firm breasts, revealing every contour of my large boobs, then he slowly slid the zip down my stomach and over my pussy.
The soft PVC dress was stretched fabulously, clinging to every contour of my very curvy body as he continued sliding the zipper further down, watching the shiny stretched pink second skin, cover my lingerie clad body, until it rested at the bottom seam, just above my silk stocking covered knees.
He smoothed the dress over my Waspie and the garter straps, which thankfully still protruded through the material of the dress, showing the obvious bumps of sexy lingerie, a sure fire slut look if ever there was one..
My pierced nipples were pushing against the thin PVC material, revealing the shape of my nipples and the jewellery attached, giving a very erotic slutty look to the ensemble.
Looking at my reflection in the mirror, I was delighted at the result that the shocking pink tight shiny dress was having on my delectable curvy figure.
Hubby ran his hands enthusiastically over my cinched waist feeling the PVC Waspie beneath. His face reddened with sexual pleasure as his hands followed the garter straps down my pert buttocks sheathed in the pink Lycra.
The extra long stockings were covered by the pink Lycra mini-dress, but if I moved as provocatively as the last time I went out dancing, then they wouldn't be hidden for long. His hands moved up to my breasts, feeling the shiny pink second skin, clinging to my erect nipples.
"Are you enjoying what you feel?" I asked with a warm sultry voice as hubby snaked his hands all over the Pink second skin.
"Fuck yeah!" He responded, staring at my outrageously slutty attire "I love it when you dress and act like a dirty sexy bitch!"
"Good!" I replied "Then the men I dance with and rub up against tonight will definitely enjoy the tight slutty sensations!" I completed in a dismissive tone.
"So you're really going dressed like that! You're actually going to dance with strangers and let them touch you and brush up against you while you dance dirty with them?" He asked in what sounded like a defeated manner.
"Absolutely! That's the whole intention of dressing like this! I'm also not wearing panties, and my dance partner will know this if he runs his hands over my ass, which I will encourage him to do. I'll push my shaved mound closer to his hard cock, rotating my hips sexily. I'll be able to feel the throb of his huge cock pushing against my excited shaved pussy, which in this outfit he'll feel the heat and excitement of my aroused slit. My pussy will be pushing his cock against my wet opening, feeling the throb and pulsing of each others excited sex organs during our dirty dancing. When he pushes his hard cock against my crotch, my pussy will feel the sensation of his hard trouser covered cock sliding into my hungry tight pussy without him actually fucking me!" I teased.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" Hubby groaned, staring at me in suspended disbelief.
"I've told you, if you keep this moaning up, not only will I let them feel me up, I may just take things further, unzip his cock and have his hard dick slide inside my hot slippery pussy!" I tormented giggling "It would be so easy to do with my naked shaved slit so close to a rock hard cock! Now is that what you want?" I enquired taking great delight in my husbands discomfort.
Hubby recoiled in horror as I spoke the harsh words. He was jealous, of that there was no doubt, but his objections seemed staged. I have always known that hubby enjoyed showing me off like a trophy. but as my antics have increased, I've discovered he has quite the voyeuristic streak! I have never embellished this to him, which he would never admit too, but I have seen his reactions after my dirty dancing and incessant teasing, and never has he intervened.
However with my exhibitionist nature, I never felt the need to expose his tendencies, but rather to use them to my advantage. In the recent past, we had played out this little scenario on a few occasions, when we would go to a dance club, with me draped in something outrageously tight and sexy, revealing as much of my curvy figure as possible.
We'd enter the club with me scoping the venue for potential tease victims and hubby would go to the bar and order some drinks.
On the last few occasions that we did this, hubby would return to where he had left me, usually on the peripherals of the dance floor, to find me missing from my location and on the dance floor dancing quite provocatively with some young stud.
The last time we did this, my dance partner, a rather sexy looking guy, got quite fresh with me, running his strong hands all over my body, up and down my back which was totally bare, as the dress I wore was a tight little black number with the back exposed, which from certain angles gave a nice view of my side boob.
His hands ventured onto my butt once or twice, stroking the firm flesh softly and for some reason I never rebuked him and to be truthful I actively encouraged him. His hands moved slowly around my waist, enjoying the soft black material clinging to my body, and very saucily up my sides, just enough to stroke my exposed side boob.
A shiver ran down my spine, his touch was so delicate and sensual.
At one point of our dance, I turned my back to him, arching my back and twerking my butt slowly and deliberately, into his crotch like some rap video slut. His groin area was now sporting a very prominent erection, which my hip movements swirled around inside his tight trousers.
As I swayed my hips into his crotch, my legs were slightly parted with my movements, which stretched the hem of my mini-dress almost to breaking point, making the hem ride up my thighs, almost revealing my taut butt cheeks.
At this point I would normally look over at hubby and smile, but on this occasion hubby wasn't in my mind, only the attention of my partners rock hard cock. His erection was pushing my tight black lace thong further into my slit, as my pussylips slid outside the invading thong and rubbed the length of his trouser clad snake. I made a mental note to forego panties in future.
My pussylips became extra sensitive to his throbbing cock as he pushed the hard trousered clad flesh deep into my willing, almost cheating hole.
My hips swayed, moving back and forth, encouraging his probing cock to enjoy my sex crazed pussy.
My breathing quickened as the passionate effect of my almost unfaithful situation engulfed me. His hands ventured up my side boob as his fingers stretched across my breasts, making contact with my erect pierced nipples. Fortunately for me, hubby couldn't see all of our antics as we were deep in the centre of dance floor, out of the way of prying eyes.
My erotic imagination drifted off; picturing myself naked, wearing only slutty black leather thigh length boots, my naked body dripping in baby oil, as my partner drove his hard cock into my hot wet pussy. The crowd leerily smiling, watching our wild sexual antics as we fucked like two performing porn stars.
I half closed my eyes with unabashed sexual arousal, as my partner worked his trouser covered cock into my seriously aroused slot.
Without even knowing each other's names, my dance partner pulled my hair gently, raising my head toward his. He kissed my neck and ran his tongue along my ear and whispered.
"I want to fuck you! I want to drive my bareback cock into this cheating slut pussy!"
I squirmed with primeval lust, as his trouser clad snake pushed my tight black lace thong deeper into my hungry crack.
My pussylips were now shrouding his trouser covered cock, almost kissing his length with their hot aroused flesh, as I began to feel the first stirrings of orgasmic pleasure.
His fingers were deftly teasing my erect nipples, playing delicately with my nipple jewellery as he pushed his cock deeper into my slit, making me buck at his hard length like a wanton slut.
If he had unzipped his cock right then, I would have taken his hard length willingly, as my state of arousal was now at its sexual peak.
"I can feel your hot tight wet pussy rubbing against my cock!" He whispered as he thrust magnificently into my hairless mound.
I slowly rotated my hips, feeling his hard cock pushing into my unfaithful hole, opening my pussylips wider, as his hard flesh sexually delighted my pussy.
"Oh my god! I can feel your hard cock sliding inside me!" I groaned with just a hint of menace.
His hands were working my erect nipples expertly as he began to gently push back and forth against my willing opening.
"Is this slut pussy shaved, as it feels very smooth?" He grinned as he panted into my ear.
"It's always shaved and it's always wet!" I smiled acting like a brazen slut "And it loves your hard cock feeding it! Oh fuck that feels so dirty! Do you like that?" My breathing was now orgasmic as I bit my lips with sex crazed passion.
He let out a playful laugh.
"I fucking love it you dirty bitch!" He giggled.
"Why don't you feel it for yourself!" I panted.
His hands moved from my breasts and made their way down my stomach, feeling the tightness of my black mini dress as they ventured toward my pussy. Running his strong hands down my exposed thighs, he tickled the bare flesh of my legs, just below my pussy,
His hand moved higher as it reached my black lace thong he pulled it to one side revealing my smooth shaved pussy, rubbing my hairless mound as he moved my tight lace thong to one side. His index finger stroked the soft skin of my shaved slit, as the tip of his finger found my excited clit.
Running his fingers over my thong free slit, he pushed gently onto my clitoris and moved his finger in a slow circular motion. I was shocked and thrilled at how much of a slut I was acting and how easy I'd let him feel my shaved married pussy.
With his cock pushing against my opening, forcing more of his hard cock into my slot, his finger was tormenting and delighting my clitoris. I felt a delicious orgasm surge through my pussy as he gently fingered my married pussy.
I kept twerking my hips on his cock, dry humping his penetrating erection until my orgasm had completed. My pussy juice was covering the strained material of his trouser covered cock as my orgasm waned and subsided.
I pushed my pussy against his hard cock one last time, feeling his magnificent length invading my married quim further. He must have been at least an inch inside me, as his cock throbbed, sending sexual electric pulses through my cunt. The sensation of his trouser clad cock spearing me was delightful to say the least as my twerking pushed his cock deeper.
Regaining my senses momentarily, I turned toward him removing his slime covered snake from my pussy, placing my arms around his neck I gave him a peck on the cheek and said.
"Sorry Honey not tonight! My husband has just walked in!" Turning away from him, I left him on the dance floor sporting the biggest erection I've ever encountered. The enormous sense of frustration I was feeling was counter balanced by the bitch effect I felt of leaving him high and dry. The perfect act of cock-teasing had just been completed.
Walking off the dance floor I approached my hubby, who was standing on the edge of the dance floor as he handed me my drink. I was in a high state of arousal from my dance floor antics as I smiled at him with half closed eyes.
I kissed him on the cheek and said.
"Let's find a seat!"
As we took our seats in cosy little booth, I leant back in my seat, thrusting my erect nipples forward. My passion was still stirring as I pressed my thighs together, feeling my re-arranged thong separate my pussylips and rub against my unhooded clitoris.
Hubby stared at me with a stern look on his face.
"I fucking saw you dancing with that guy. Did you need to dance so dirty and let him feel you up like that, like some dirty cheating slut?" He said rather angrily.
His anger and his words aroused me.
"I dance the way the music demands, plus he wasn't feeling me up. Our bodies were very close and those were dance moves!" I lied with a sexy smile.
"I'm not fucking blind. He had you bent over and was dry humping you from behind and you let him feel your tits!" He said in an angry voice.
"He was dancing really close to me as we dirty danced and my bra-less tits swayed into his hand, which he apologised for!" I continued with my charade.
Hubby stared at me then looked away shaking his head in disbelief. I smiled to myself knowing that my husband's jealous anger would be transposed to pure lust once we returned home.
"Fuck me! If you dance like that when I'm in the room, what the fuck do you get up to when I'm not there?" He scowled.
"Listen carefully; I only dance like that when you're here! It gets me hot, it gets my dance partner hot and it makes you jealous, which means that when we get home, you'll fuck me wildly, so everyone is a winner!" I responded.
"I've just watched you dance with a total stranger and it looked like you were fucking each other!" he said rather dejectedly.
Leaning forward, I thrust my breasts out in my husband's direction.
"You should be proud that you have a hot-wife that men want to fuck. I think it's very sexy that they find me sexually attractive and it's very flattering that they want to fuck me!" I smiled "And you can't deny that it excites you to watch me dance like a dirty cock hungry slut with strangers! If it looked like we were fucking then it was a very good dirty dance!"
Hubby just shrugged his shoulders and smouldered in self pity, but true to form when we returned home, he would fuck me hard and furious, just the way a good slut likes to be drilled! He fucked me wild and furious that night, calling me a dirty cheating slut as I wrapped my smooth legs around his waist and met every one of his forceful thrusts.
'You act like such a slut at times. It's as if you want those guys to fuck you?" He snarled through gritted teeth as he fucked me forcefully, just the way I like it.
"If you like that and would want me to fuck them then I would! But it's your hard cock that I want inside me!"
Hubby's eyes rolled with lust as he bit down on his bottom lip fucking me furiously.
I continued my bedroom talk.
"You know I love cock and you know I love to feel a cock get hard as it's pushed against my body when I'm dancing" I panted "There is something wildly exciting about feeling a strange new hard cock! And you seem to like it judging by how hard your cock is inside me!"
As I sensed his orgasm approach, I whispered in his ear.
"Oh god yes! Fuck this dirty cheating hot-wife slut! Give me your spunk just like the how all of the other guys want too!" Just as his come flooded my pussy walls.
As the memory of that lusty night filtered through my mind, I paraded around my bedroom trussed up in a tight pink dress with the most provocative lingerie beneath. I looked at my hubby standing before me, staring lustfully at my outrageous dress and contemplating what I intending doing whilst wearing it! I knew a little bit of sexual taunting and humiliation pressed his buttons, so I decided to up the ante tonight and really torment him.
He was most definitely in the first twisted stages of his jealous strop and this was before we even got out of the house. I strolled around the bedroom seductively, enjoying the sensations of wearing the erotic lingerie beneath my tight pink slutty dress.
"You're not going to wear any panties?" He questioned stammering nervously.
"Of course I'm not!" I replied with just a hint of giggle "When I dance close with my partner this evening and I feel his hard cock push into my groin, my shaved pussylips will open up and it will feel as though he's fucking me!"
"You can't be serious?" Hubby gasped, his eyes wide open with a look of horror etched on his face.
"You'd let him push his covered hard cock into your pussy?"
"Too fucking right I will! When the guy feels my stockings and garters with my pierced nipples rubbing into his chest, he will hopefully have a hard cock from my state of dress and sexy moves. When I can feel his hard cock pushing into me, that's when I will turn around to twerk my ass into his crotch. His hard cock will push against my hairless mound and my shaved pussylips will grab his trouser covered cock, almost kissing it! It will feel so sexy and slutty. It will feel as though I'm a total slut, almost cheating on her husband, simulating hard sex with a total stranger, knowing that you're there also watching me acting so slutty is such a turn on. Knowing that the guy is desperate to slide his long hard inside me and fuck me wildly! Having his trouser covered cock give me sexual pleasure and letting him enjoy the lusty sensations of my shaved pussy as he arouses me more than he'll ever know, is my little thank you to him" I smiled.
Hubby looked at me with a mixture of shock and obvious arousal.
"You're a twisted bitch!" Hubby exclaimed, his facial expression one of disbelief.
Grabbing his crotch I felt the hardest erection he had produced in quite some time.
"And you're so fucking turned on at the thought of it!" I giggled.
"But you're going to let a stranger push his cock, albeit trouser covered into your pussy?" He squirmed.
"Every time I dance with a guy, he'll run his hands over my curvy frame and his cock inevitably gets hard. I always allow them to push their hardness into my crotch! That is when I will turn around with my back to him with my ass feeling his hard cock pushing against it. As I'll not be wearing panties or a thong, when I twerk my ass at him, bending over slightly, rubbing my pussy against his hard cock, I may just hold my buttocks and separate them a little, which will open my pussy up and allow his covered cock to plunge a little deeper! Fuck me that would be such a turn on don't you think?" I smiled with such a lustful look.
"You'd really do that?" Hubby almost shrieked.
"Fuck yeah!" I whispered "And if I arch my back, my tight mini dress will ride up and he may just get a glimpse of his hard trouser covered cock sliding between my swollen pussylips and into my shaved pussy hole! Oh my god that would be so fucking hot, don't you think?" I continued, teasing my husband.
My pussy was tingling with lustful excitement at the prospect of teasing some random stranger to this level. The idea of a stranger pushing his cock into me was driving me crazy and judging by the look on his face, it was driving hubby insane with jealousy and desire.
"You'd actually let him push his cock inside you and allow him to watch this!" he shook his head in shock and disbelief "But if he could see your shaved pussy grabbing his cock, then he would also see your tight asshole!" Hubby gulped.
"Fucking hell! There's a thought! If he could see that, and with what I was doing to him then he'd know I was a total slut and he'd definitely want to touch and finger my ass! He'd think he was really going to get to fuck me! Oh my god this is fantastic!" I said excitedly "He will see my asshole moving as he pushes his cock inside me! Imagine just how slutty I am going to be this evening? Fuck! If he has a bigger cock than you I'll be almost uncontrollable!" I said in a very husky tone "I wouldn't be able to stop myself and may have to let him touch and finger my ass while he brings me off with his huge hard cock rubbing inside of my pussy! You'd be OK with that, wouldn't you? His cock wouldn't actually be inside me and it would just be touching and feeling, nothing more!" I said to hubby looking him directly in the eye.
Hubby stood before me wide eyed and totally speechless.
"I'd be coming home to you, to be fucked hard and furious by you after some random cock had got both you and me excited, but fucking hell it would be such a turn on to arouse a total stranger and feel his hot cock bringing me off as his finger slid inside my ass!" I smiled gently scraping my nails on my husbands cheek as my breathing quickened "It would only be fair to let him finger my ass after teasing him so much, to let him stroke my hairless pussy and give my clit a little attention! It would be a scant reward, as he wasn't going to get the opportunity to actually fuck me, but he'd have a dirty sexy story for his friends! Don't you think that would be hot?"
Hubby was now in a high state of arousal and suspended disbelief. I watched his eyes widen, his cheeks flush and his Adam's apple move up and down as he gulped with lust and anticipation.
"C'mon lets go and get my hot wife pussy satisfied before you explode with lust!" I giggled.
Slut: Teasing is my game (part two).
We headed off to the club as hubby drove the car into the city centre, not saying very much, obviously sulking at the thought of my slutty cock-teasing I had planned to perform with my personal lounge lizards at the dance club, and that he had no control of the following events. We were heading for the car park we always used, a short high heeled walk to my favourite dance club.
The drive had been quite tense as hubby sat in silence most of the way, as I regaled what I was hoping to do and how much I was looking forward to teasing a few strangers with my provocative dancing and outrageous lingerie. I'd teased him incessantly on the journey that my hot lingerie and slutty dress were sure to grab the attention of the horny lounge lizards in our favourite club.
I continued how most of the guys had now come to recognise me, looked forward to my arrival and thought of me as a cock-teasing slut!
It was quite arousing how all of them felt comfortable enough to ask me to dance right in front of my hubby. I told him I liked that as it showed confidence and was quite the alpha male kind of thing to do. I stated it was obvious that the wolf pack looked forward to me arriving, knowing full well how easy and slutty I was, and the opportunity to feel my tits and pussy was a dead certainty!
They all knew that each week my clothes became sexier and my dancing was becoming even more slutty and outrageous, rubbing my hot wife body up against their manly bodies and eager erections.
My antics from last week were fresh in his mind, as I reminded him of the way the guy rubbed himself against me, how I could feel his very large hard cock pushing against my pussy as we danced provocatively.
I even told him that one guy I danced with asked if I was a stripper or porn star as my body and the way I moved was pure sex. I giggled that I wasn't, just a horny slut and asked him if he thought I should be a stripper or porn star?
He continued that I should be a stripper as (in his words) my body was so fucking hot!
He instantly responded that I almost was a porn star as he'd already jerked off thinking about me after some of our erotic dances!
I emphasised to hubby that it seemed the logical thing to do for me to be a stripper, as I loved to show off and hubby loved showing me off, though sometimes reluctantly. Hubby grunted at this, but it was obvious this was arousing him, so I continued with my tease telling him that maybe I should become a stripper as I'm sure my dance partners would love to see me naked at last, ogling my pierced nipples on my huge firm breasts, watching my hips rotate as I gyrated my smooth shaved pussy close enough to their face to feel their hot breath gently breezing on to my pussy!
The thought of this seriously aroused me and I did dwell on this topic for some time. Again he just mumbled, so I continued with my onslaught. Maybe he would enjoy watching me dance naked for a crowd of guys or with just a small selection of tiny tight erotic lingerie, teasing and enticing total strangers as they stared at my naked body with shameless lust. I was arousing myself just as much as I was my husband as we pulled into the underground car park next door to the club.
"I'm going to think this over!" I teased "I think you would get a buzz from watching me strip naked for a group of lusty guys, or a sexy lap dance for a hot guy, wearing just my garter belt, stockings and heels, straddling his strong thighs and placing my shaved pussy on to his groin, rubbing my bare pussy against his straining hard cock, feeling his excited breath on my exposed pierced nipples as I simulated fucking him! Moaning and gently thrashing against his erection! You'd like that wouldn't you?" I smiled taking pleasure from my husbands discomfort.
Hubby looked somewhat startled, but I've known him long enough to know when he is aroused, and this was seriously arousing him!
I pulled down the sun visor in the car and straightened my make up in the mirror, pursing my lips as I applied a layer of shiny lip gloss.
'Admit it" I teased "These wet sexy lips would look very nasty stretched around a hard cock as it glided in to mouth!" I giggled watching hubby squirm.
Tousling my blonde hair to give me that just fucked look, I stepped out of the car, smoothing my skintight dress over my erotic lingerie and walked the short flight of stairs up to the Club entrance, hearing the steel tips of my spiked heeled shoes echo with every step.
Hubby strolled behind me, drinking in the vision of my pink PVC lingerie clad curves, coated in the shiny shocking pink Lycra, clinging to my curvaceous frame like a second skin, almost revealing the slutty lingerie beneath.
The usual doormen were smiling as I approached the entrance, giving all four doormen a light peck on the cheek as a means of greeting. Each doormen placed his hand on my waist as they all returned my peck. Rubbing their masculine hands up and down my Lycra clad waist, sneakily gliding their hand over my firm side boob.
"You look extra hot tonight!" one doorman whispered in my ear as he held my waist, feeling my Waspie clad body as his eyes lit up with a mixture of surprise and devilish lust.
Smiling seductively back at the doorman, I gave a little knowing wink as his huge hand patted my pink clad taut ass, pulling me in close to him, as he hugged me tightly.
Hubby was behind the doorman and couldn't see his huge hand squeezing my ass, pushing my tight dress and one of his fingers between my butt cheeks and making small circular motions against my squirming butthole.
Gently blowing into his ear I whispered approvingly.
"That feels so good!'
The doorman released me from his firm grasp as I smiled seductively at him.
With his hand still on my waist, the door was opened for me and I walked into the foyer, swaying my hips provocatively like some cheap slut. Standing behind hubby with my legs slightly parted,
I could feel the cool breeze of the reception air conditioning cooling my already hot naked pussy. Hubby paid our entrance fee as I stood in the center of the reception, giving the doorman a saucy smile, whilst I deliberately smoothed my tight pink second skin over my PVC Lingerie.
Hubby turned to find me smoothing the dress over my erect nipples, cupping my large firm breasts, teasing the doormen as my hands glided over my tight dress. Hubby's eyes rolled in mock disbelief as he placed a hand around my waist and ushered me through the huge double doors leading to the Dance area.
Once inside, the throbbing vibrating bass of the music reverberated around my body and tingled in my stomach and pussy. I scoped the club lustfully for hot sexy guys who could provide some sexy scenarios as we headed toward the main bar. The club was always packed, but tonight even more so than usual.
Threading our way through the dense crowd, I nodded smiles and hello's to some of the sexy lounge lizards I'd had the pleasure of tormenting with my dirty dancing.
Hubby was two steps in front of me as he arrived at the bar and ordered the drinks.
The barman turned to complete our order as hubby patiently waited at the bar counter.
The bar was at least three deep as I stood behind hubby, who was facing the bar in amongst the throng of punters.
I felt a strange hand slither around my waist and cheekily move up toward my breasts. I could feel a body pushing into mine from behind as the hands smoothed their way down the front of my pink dress, feeling my PVC Waspie and garter attachments. The hand slowly moved down my tight pink dress as I voluntarily opened my black stockinged thighs, which moved the zipper upwards in line with my pussy, as the unknown hand glided to the bare flesh just above my stocking top. Three fingers gently touched my shaved slit, sending tingles through my hungry pussy. I gently rocked my hips allowing this stranger to explore my pussy even further. The sexual excitement was surging through me, having my shaved pussy played with only yards away from my unknowing husband. I desperately needed to know who was providing me with such delightful sexual pleasure. Turning to see who was stroking my waist, breasts and shaved pussy, I was delighted to see it was the guy who I danced so erotically with the previous week.
Kissing me on the cheek, with his hand caressing the garter strap of my waspie, he whispered excitedly into my ear.
"Fancy a dance?" He smiled confidently, almost arrogantly, as his words gently breezed into my ear, sending a sexual shiver down my neck and spine.
His confidence and brazen alpha male manner sexually aroused me and his soft breath was only adding to the sensation.
"I'd love to!" I smiled, feeling the electric charges of sexual arousal surge through my pussy as I began walking with him to the packed dance floor, leaving my unaware husband to wait for our drinks order. Hubby turned from the bar to see me heading toward the dance floor, holding my partners hand, as we manoeuvred ourselves into the centre of the crowded dance floor. My partner ushered me into the densely filled dance floor with one hand now wrapped around my waist and the other planted firmly on my pink Lycra clad ass. Both hands were moving slowly and deliberately, measuring my body with their grasp. His hand around my waist was delighting in finding the tight PVC Waspie cinching my small waist. His other hand was firmly manipulating my buttock, feeling for any sign of panties or thong, gently pawing my firm flesh as he felt the straps of the garters from my Waspie. When we reached the centre of the dance floor, he turned me toward him with both hands on my waist; he pulled me closer to him, which made the zip on my tight dress open a couple of inches. Our heads were touching as our faces were now at cheek to cheek. The music was a sexy slow dance, which we both began to rhythmically appreciate. His leg was between my own, as I parted them slightly, my tight dress moved up my stockinged thighs, as the zip opened a couple of more inches, allowing me to push my naked shaved pussy onto his thigh. His hand still manipulated my buttock as his other hand moved up toward my left breast.
Not resisting any of his blatant sexual touching I whispered in his ear and said.
"Do you like what you're feeling?" I smiled, whispering in a soft sexy tone, as my tongue gently explored his earlobe.
"I fucking love it! I can't believe a woman as sexy and beautiful as you, has dressed in this horny outfit like such a cheap slut! Plus I notice the distinct lack of panties and the very sexy stockings!" he smiled as he placed both hands on my buttocks and began to knead my firm flesh, pushing my naked pussy toward his cock.
"If you were my wife, you wouldn't leave the house dressed like this as I'd be fucking you all night!" he smiled then leant forward and licked my lightly perfumed neck.
"Being fucked all night! Well that sounds very interesting!" I teased "I'm glad you like my outfit and choice of underwear" I smiled, gyrating my pussy in to his rock hard crotch "The stockings and no panties was a little treat for you, so we can have some fun when we dance tonight! Plus I'm hoping to get a few dances in with some of the other guys and maybe let them have a feel of my stockings and maybe if they're good boys they can have a little stroke of my shaved pussy!" I teased.
The zip on my dress opened a couple of more inches due to my slight leg opening antics, revealing my hairless mound to my dance partner. I could feel the heat of his trouser covered cock, pushing toward my slit as I rotated my hips slowly, feeling his hard length as it aroused my pussy. I looked downward to my crotch to see my exposed pussylips were puffed and sliding back and forth on his trouser covered erection.
"Why don't you look down?" I whispered "You might enjoy the view!" I smiled.
With my arms around his neck, I leant back as he held my buttocks, pushing my mound onto his cock. He looked down as I suggested.
His eyes widened in delight as he gazed at my silky smooth pussy, opening and grabbing his trouser covered cock.
"You fucking dirty bitch! That looks awesome!" He gasped "A slut with a shaved pussy and wearing sexy stockings!" Moaning with delight he began pushing his rock hard covered cock against my smooth opening, making me gasp with desire.
Repeating the previous week, he turned me around so as my back was to him. My ass nestled into his crotch, my pussy opening seeking his cock as I began to slowly gyrate my hips, pushing my almost exposed buttocks toward his rock hard cock. His hands smoothed up my front and shamelessly played with my large tits, right in the middle of the packed dance floor, softly stroking my erect pierced nipples.
My buttocks were applying pressure to his large cock, which was now pushing the hem of my dress upwards, slowly exposing more of my buttocks. His cock was now fully erect as I felt the pressure of his throbbing erection hit my shaved slit. Not wearing panties was a dangerous choice as I felt his trouser covered cock slide effortlessly into my wet and willing pussy. I shook with pleasure as his cock slid in and out of my almost unfaithful hole.
I was being dry humped on the dance floor, but I could feel the hard cock almost inside me. The bastard wasn't wearing any underwear either, which made it easier for him to push his cock into me. Leaning back toward him with his covered cock still inside me, I placed one hand around his neck as I turned my head toward his. He flicked his tongue over my glossed lips as I slipped my own tongue between his brilliant white teeth.
He continued sliding his cock in and out of my lust crazed pussy. The friction from his trouser covered cock was both erotic and a little bit stinging. The best sex always has a bit of pain with the pleasure and his cock was delivering a lot of pleasure right now, with the material of his trousers providing friction with just a hint of pain. I could feel the beginnings of an orgasm flush through my pussy as he whispered into my ear.
"I'd love to take you somewhere discrete and fuck the ass off you!" he groaned lustily.
"Would you?" I exclaimed in mock surprise "Would you want to slide that big hard cock of yours inside my wet tight pussy?" I tormented.
My antics were steadily increasing and becoming more outrageous every week. With the build up sexual tension, my faithful defences were wearing rapidly, feeling his rock hard cock push against my shaved pussy was almost more than I could bare. My breathing was now laboured, almost panting.
"Why don't I take you somewhere quiet and slip my cock bareback inside you and fuck you properly like the slut you are?" he snarled with a touch of menace. I parted my legs just enough to allow my pussy to fully open as his huge trouser covered snake pushed a little deeper.
I came as his breath breezed on my neck, with his words echoing in my mind. Still undergoing the sensations of orgasm I whispered.
"I'm with my husband and he would go fucking mental if he knew I were doing this, never mind sneaking away somewhere for a quick fuck!" I panted.
"You're desperate to be fucked. You need a cock inside you, fucking your cheating slut pussy!" He smiled almost reading my mind "Tell him you're away to the ladies and I'll meet you in the disabled toilet at the far end of the club!" he explained "Then I can get a good look at your sexy body and watch my cock sliding in and out of that tight wet shaved pussy!"
He pushed his throbbing trouser covered cock into my pussy, as far as the material would allow.
Withdrawing slightly, he unzipped his cock as the huge blood engorged helmet slid just inside my pussylips. I bucked his cock sensually as my thoughts and emotions decided that I was going to be fucked.
"OK then, I'll let you slide your cock inside me!" I promised "But you'll have to come in my mouth as I'm not on the pill!" I informed in my best slut tone.
Keeping his cool composure, he stroked my asshole gently then said.
"Do you spit or swallow?" he grinned trying to slide his full length inside my hungry pussy.
"A good slut always swallows!" I smiled as I turned to face him, pushing my mound against his rampant exposed cock "And for you I will definitely swallow!"
His manly hands grabbed my firm buttocks and pulled me toward him. His cock was almost sliding inside my hungry pussy as my hips rocked back and forth, allowing my open slit to glide along his veiny cock.
"Let's go now I desperately need to fuck you!" He smiled.
"I'll meet you there!" I promised "I want to feel you're hot cock throbbing inside me!"
Breaking apart from our dance, I winked at him and nodded toward the disabled toilet. I zipped my dress back into place, and then gave his cock a little playful rub then placed the snake like organ back inside his trousers. We left the dance floor separately. He headed off to secure the disabled toilets, whilst I returned to hubby to get my drink and inform him of my need for the ladies.
When I eventually located hubby, it seemed the sexual gods were on my side. He was standing talking to an old friend as he handed me my drink. I said hello to the friend whose name escaped me at that moment and I informed them both of my need for the ladies. Hubby just smiled and continued talking to his friend. The friend was quite a good looking guy who couldn't take his eyes off me, as he leered at me in my skin-tight dress. I walked away from the guys, making sure I walked as sexily as was possible, turned the corner and then rushed urgently toward the disabled toilet to find my dance partner holding the door open for me. I walked inside the brightly lit toilet, as we smiled at each other with lust driven eyes at what we were about to do. The butterflies in my stomach were fluttering with sexual anticipation as I was about to be unfaithful to my husband for the first time in my life. I wasn't experiencing any guilt whatsoever, just pure lust. My dance partner held me close as we kissed passionately, slithering our tongues in each other's mouths. He pushed me against the door as he locked us inside the cubicle. His cock was still hard as he pushed it forcefully against the material of my dress, barely covering my shaved pussy. The dress slid upwards with the pushing of his cock, as my shaved pussy was revealed to my illicit lover. I moaned softly as I felt his hard trouser covered cock nestle between my puffed pussylips. He began to unzip his fly, as his rather large hard cock pinged out of his trousers and planted itself at my shaved opening, feeling the intense sexual heat of each other's sex organs.
"I can't wait to feel you inside me!" I panted, licking his lips as I felt his squirming snake like cock slide toward my sex hungry opening..
"I can't believe how much of a sexy slut you are!" he panted pushing his cock toward my open hole.
"Sluttier than you realise!" I moaned as I positioned my hole over his cock head, feeling his rock hard cock begin to slowly slide inside me and stretch my pussylips as he pushed deeper. I felt his entire length glide up my hot greasy pussy effortlessly, stuffing my cunt with his ecstatically. His cock throbbed as it slid deep inside my wet tight pussy as my velvet tunnel clamped on his vein riddled cock. The first cock other than my husbands slid bareback inside my cheating married pussy and I fucking loved it!
"Oh fuck that feels good!" I panted as his cock filled my now unfaithful cunt delightfully.
My lust knew no bounds asI raised my legs off the floor. He held my stocking clad thighs, lifting me upwards. I began wrapping my black stockinged legs around his waist, bouncing my cock filled mound off his pubic bone as he began to bang me with strong lunges. Placing my lips over his, our tongues snaked in and out of each other's mouths like some lust crazed porno stars. I
was officially cheating on my husband for the first time and this felt so right. The sensation of a new hard cock inside me was enlightening and liberating. My desires were burning, enjoying his hard cock, soft kissable lips and masculine manly hands pawing at my body lustfully. I came loudly on his invading cock, as my sexual unfaithfulness increased my lustful desire. Holding me tightly, he positioned himself above the disabled toilet and sat on the seat with his cock still inside me. I placed my high heeled feet on the tiled floor and rode his hard cock like the cheating slut I'd just become. My second orgasm was on its way as I whispered in his ear.
"Fuck me! Fuck my cheating pussy! I panted holding his head and flicking my tongue in and around his ear.
"This cheating pussy is so wet and tight" he grinned as I rode his rampant pole.
"Fuck my tight pussy and finger my ass!" I almost pleaded.
He smiled a lustful smile as I rode his cock, feeling his length slide in and out of my wet pussy. The slurping sounds of our sexual antics were echoing around the tiled chamber as my second orgasm surged through me. I realised that we didn't know each other's names, yet here we were fucking each other to a frenzy. This added to my state of arousal, that I had become a cheating hot slut wife and I didn't even know the name of the cock fucking me deliriously.
"Fuck me hard!" I pleaded "Do me like a slut and fuck my unfaithful pussy!"
I'd never felt so aroused in my entire life and I felt that I would do anything to please to this cock. I slowly unzipped my dress from the cleavage down revealing my bare pierced nipples to my new lover. My dress landed on the toilet floor as his lips clamped onto my hard nipples as he licked and chewed the fleshy pierced tips. He began flicking his tongue deftly around my erect pierced nipples.
I rode his cock frantically as I felt his masculine hands hug the material of my PVC Waspie and stockings. His eyes lit up as my lover saw my shaved mound for the first time. I leant back slightly so he could see his cock sliding in and out of shaved pussy. He grinned like a Cheshire cat, watching his cock plough my hole as I gyrated my sex on his cock for his viewing pleasure.
Kicking my dress across the floor, he indicated to me to get down on my knees. I willingly obeyed, unplugging his cock from my pussy, I got down on all fours like an obedient slut, opening my stocking clad legs wide, as I arched my back, pushing my bare exposed ass into the air. My shaved pussy and tight asshole were on display in the brightly lit toilet, with my pussy juice glistening on my puffed shaved lips. Placing my cheek on the floor I turned my head toward him, moving my hands on to my buttocks, I opened myself up to him, revealing my gaping pink hole and tight puckered ring.
He knelt behind me, sliding his weapon up and down my wet slit, before finally pushing his cock deep inside my pussy and began to fuck me vigorously. My asshole was puckering with each forceful thrust of his hard cock, my pussylips stretched around the shaft of his blood engorged cock.
His thumb pushed against my puckered ring, as it slowly slid inside my tight asshole. Fucking my pussy as he thumbed my ass, I couldn't believe how lustful I felt, without the slightest trace of guilt at my filthy unfaithful antics. He slapped my ass in a playful manner and said.
"Are you enjoying my cock fucking your shaved pussy you cheating slut?"
"Oh fuck it feels brilliant! Fuck me like a slut!" I demanded "I'd do anything for this cock!"
"You love cock don't you, you dirty cheating whore?" he snarled "I want to fuck you again at my flat!"
"Definitely! This cock was meant to be inside me!" I leant back toward him with mouth open to kiss him and whispered "Fuck me deep and make me come!"
"Fucking hell your pussy is so tight!" He snarled "You fucking love cock don't you, you cheating slut!"
"I do love cock and I'll enjoy it even more if you fuck my ass!" I shocked him with my outrageous slut behaviour. I was never a big fan of Anal sex, but somehow this felt dirty enough to quench my insatiable lust.
He continued thrusting into me as he spat on my puckered ring and wormed his finger inside my ass to join his thumb. Pushing the two digits deep inside to stretch my asshole, he began lubricating my ring with his warm saliva. Withdrawing his huge cock from my cunt, he placed the purple tip at my puckered ring and gently pushed his bell end into my ass. My ass snapped over his large helmet, as inch by inch his cock slid into my stinging asshole. Pushing myself back onto his cock, the entire length filled my ass delightfully. This was only the second time I'd ever had a cock in my ass, but the unfaithful dirty situation seemed appropriate for such sluttish behaviour. The searing heat and stinging sensation his cock was giving to my ass, made me volunteer my next sentence.
"Fuck my ass with your huge cock, then cum in my mouth!" I panted.
"You dirty married slut!" he growled "You love cheating on your husband and fucking other cocks don't you?"
"I didn't realise just how much I loved cock until now! Tear my ass and make me cum on your cock!" I whispered as his huge cock drilled my ass.
"You'll have to give me your number as I need to fuck this pussy and ass again!" he pleaded.
"You give me your number and I'll call you when I want you to fuck me!" I smiled "But it would have to be at your place!"
"No problems, just as long as you wear this or something like it!" he stammered as he continued sliding his cock in and out of my ass.
"I'll wear whatever you want and do whatever you want!" I exclaimed "I'll even let you take photos!"
The words had just tumbled out of my mouth when the flash of an iPhone camera bounced off the tiled walls. He was taking pics of his cock fucking my ass. This sent me over the edge as a huge gushing orgasm burst out of me. He continued taking photos as he snarled through gritted teeth that he was going to cum.
"Cum in mouth and use me like a slut!" I whispered.
He pulled his cock from my ass and positioned himself in front of my face, holding his hard cock by the shaft; he directed the tip to my open mouth, as the first splash of spunk landed on my tongue. In rapid succession, three violent splurges of thick creamy spunk burst into my open mouth. Placing my red lips over his exploding helmet I gently sucked the last remaining drops from his cock.
"Take my spunk bitch!" he snarled as his cock twitched in mouth, emptying all of his virile young spunk into my willing throat. Swallowing every single drop, I continued gently sucking and chewing his deflating sensitive cock. Removing his cock from my mouth, I lay across the tiled floor, opening my legs, revealing my shaved mound and plundered asshole.
"Take some souvenir pics if you want and I'll finger my pussy for you!" I said laying on the tiled floor in my Pink PVC lingerie like the obedient cock slut.
He clicked about a dozen pics off, looking very pleased with himself as I slid two fingers inside my pussy and one long taloned finger, circling my asshole then sliding inside.
"Come on I'll need to get back to my husband and you'll need to give me your number as I definitely want that cock again!" I handed him my phone as he punched the digits of his mobile into the keypad. His phone rang with the uptown funk ringtone.
"You are sensational. You love cock don't you?" he smiled placing his cock back inside his trousers.
"I do love cock and I love what it does to me!" I smiled "It makes me want to be a slut!"
"Would you like to be a slut that tries more than one cock at a time?" He smiled.
"I may just try that with you and one or a few of your friends. But first I want a long fuck session with just you and me, where I'll wear something sexy like this and I'll be as dirty and slutty as you want!"
"How much dirtier and slutty can you be? I've just fucked your ass and came in your mouth!" he said surprised.
"I can get a whole lot dirtier and sluttier! Next time you fuck me, cum inside my pussy then I will be able to smell your sex all day! I'll get my husband to lick my pussy afterwards and he wont know he's licking your cum out of my just fucked pussy!" I grinned mischievously "Come on then let's get out of here and I'll call you tomorrow to arrange when your going to fuck me next, plus I want another dance later!" I exclaimed
Helping me into my dress, he zipped the full length, smoothing the tight material over my curves and lingerie, sensually feeling my breasts, waist and ass, ensuring everything was smooth. Handing me a stick of mint chewing gum, he gave me a soft sensual kiss and said.
"I can't wait till I'm inside you again!" Opened the disabled toilet and went out into the darkness of the night club.
Gathering my bag I straightened my makeup, gave my hair a little tousle, then left the cubicle to go re-join my husband, but this time as an excited, unfaithful, cheating hot slut wife, who still didn't know her lovers name!
Slut: Teasing is my game (part three).
I walked sultry and slowly to where my husband was standing with his old friend. I was returning to my husband as a cheating slut, without a drop of guilt, enjoying the afterglow of the dangerous unfaithful sex I'd just taken part in. I looked at the two men drinking in my body as I walked nearer to them. Like a lightning bolt, his friends name came to me as I approached the pair of them. Hubby smiled at me with a teeth flashing smile as his friend Steve looked me up and down with a leering smouldering look. His nostrils flared with obvious desire, as his eyes burned into my body, watching my hips and tits sway with every step I took. Kissing hubby on the cheek, I turned to Steve giving him a big hug and a sloppy kiss on the cheek. Steve's huge hands circled my waist as he pulled me tightly toward him. Throwing my arms around his neck, I embraced his body, enjoying the warmth of his toned physique. We parted from our embrace slowly and sensually, Steve's hands still lingering around my waspie clad waist. His hands slowly traced the narrowing effect the garment had on my mid-section as I smiled at Steve and Hubby.
"Have you been tormenting the guys in here, dancing dressed like a sexy vision?" Steve laughed with his hand still around my waist feeling my PVC Waspie.
"It's just a little game we play" I smiled "I love to dance and to cock-tease the guys and hubby enjoys showing off his trophy wife!"
"Well there's one thing for sure, you most definitely are a trophy wife, looking as you do!" Steve said in a complementing tone as his hand slid down my back and cupped my right buttock, kneading it delightfully as he pushed his middle finger into the latex covered buttock, circling my asshole with his strong fingertip.
"You'd need to be careful as that dress is very short, you may just flash your panties at me!" Steve smiled suggestively. Not to be outdone I replied very sexily.
"I'm not wearing any! I like to wear no panties as it may mean my shaved pussy could be discovered!" I smiled staring in to Steve's eyes.
Steve pushed his finger a little further into my ass, confirming my no panties comment, without any objections from me. Hubby smiled in a comfortable way, unaware that his friend was almost fingering my ass, though he did seem ok about Steve's obvious flirting, probably because it was a friend who was flirting and giving the compliments to his wife.
We both knew that Steve was a serious player who would have a different bed partner most nights of the week. I'd heard quite a few of the rumours of his sexual shenanigans and was intrigued to know if they were indeed rumours. Taking his compliments and obvious sexual interchange sent a little tingle through my already fucked pussy, and I felt my desire creeping up a level.
"So you like to tease the guys!" Steve continued as his other hand slid around my waist at the front began to knead my side boob in full view of my husband. My tit was moving and hubby just stared at his friend manhandle me.
"They'll be more than teased dancing with you wearing that sexy slutty outfit draped over your very sexy body!" he said with a crooked smile and an obvious glint in his eyes "There won't be a flaccid cock in the club with you dressed like this!"
I playfully patted his broad chest and giggled as his masculine hand moved from my butthole and gently manipulated the tight garter strap on my right buttock.
"Just how far does your cock-teasing go?" Steve enquired with a huge smirk splashed across his face.
"I let the guys squeeze my ass and play with my lingerie but if he's a good naughty boy, I'll let him hold my firm large breasts as we dance!" I smiled thrusting my tits toward him.
Hubby was still unaware of Steve fondling my ass and squeezing my lingerie clad buttock, his strong fingers pushing the tight pink Lycra dress into the crack of my ass. He would be blind not to notice Steve stroking my side boob and worming his way to the front of my breast.
"I like to wear sexy clothes and sexy underwear, my dance partners seem to enjoy it and hubby loves it when we get home!" I smiled thrusting my breasts forward for Steve to manhandle right before my husbands eyes.
"You dirty old dog!" Steve laughed looking at hubby, moving his hand finally onto my breast and cupping it.
"So you like your hot wife to tease the guys, so you get the benefit when you get home?" he continued smiling the most wicked smile as he pawed my large breast openly.
"I quite like it also!" I stated "It's good for a woman to be sexually desired, and if she has a good body then why shouldn't she let other men enjoy her body, if only for a brief moment in time!"
"My my, you're such an enlightened couple! I always thought you were a very sexy lady, but I didn't realise you two were so liberated!" Steve announced "I've always thought you might be quite the cock slut, Fuck me! you have the body for it!"
Hubby stood awkwardly as Steve continued flirting with me, stroking my ass crack firmly, rubbing the lycra dress into my puckered asshole and unashamedly holding my breast, manipulating the firm orb in clear view of my husband.
"So do you think you and I should have a nice sexy dance to get your husband's motor running? We could get really dirty and send his buttons into overdrive!" Steve smiled squeezing my breast and buttock "Maybe I could play with these large pierced breasts and slide my hand over your smooth shaved pussy!" He laughed enjoying my husband's obvious discomfort.
I looked at my husband twisting with embarrassment and actually found myself aroused by his slight humiliation. Hubby looked up at me very sheepishly as I turned to Steve, grabbed his hand and said quite excitedly.
"Let's see how fucking dirty we can get!"
Leading him across to the dance floor, I felt his large hand resting on my ass, manipulating my buttocks as he felt the garter straps from my Waspie, straining to keep my black seamed stockings in place. As we reached the centre of the dance floor, surrounded by other dancers, the music changed to a slow romantic tune. Steve placed his hands on my cinched waist and drew me close to him. My crotch nestled into his groin and I could already feel the stirrings of a very prominent bulge. Placing my arms around his neck, my pierced nipples pushed into his manly chest, growing more erect by the second. Steve looked directly into my eyes and whispered.
"It would be impossible not to get dirty with a cheating slut with your body and wearing such slutty sexy clothes!" he smiled a warm smile as he flirted gently with me.
"It's also impossible not to get dirty with a man with such big hands and a very interesting bulge poking into my crotch!" I smiled at Steve as I teased him in my best slutty way "If I'm not careful, that bulge of yours just might find its way under my dress and begin thrusting and tormenting my naked shaved pussy!" I smiled urging him on like a wanton slut.
"I love a shaved pussy! And I bet yours is tight, hot and very wet!" he grinned confidently.
"She's getting hotter and wetter feeling your cock push against her. She's already been fed this evening but I think she's hungry for more!" I purred
"You have my undivided attention! So tell me sexy, have you fucked someone else while you've been doing your cheating cock-teasing?" he enquired.
I felt myself blush uncontrollably as my pussy tingled at the honesty of his question.
"You mustn't tell my husband, but I've had one or two push their trouser covered cocks inside me whilst dancing, and about twenty minutes ago, one guy took me into the disabled toilets and fucked my shaved pussy, then slid his cock up my ass, fucking me deeply and to complete the deal he came in my mouth and I swallowed every drop, while you were talking with my hubby!" I said brazenly as I stroked his very impressive bulge.
"And you enjoyed this?" he enquired with a devilish grin.
"I fucking loved it! It's the first time I've ever really cheated on hubby by actually having a bareback cock slide into me and it felt so slutty and sexy!" I grinned still stroking his bulge "I came like fuck having a new cock inside me!"
"So you liked the sensation of a new strange cock!?" he enquired adding "So what pushed you over the edge from cock-teasing to actual fucking?"
"I've let guys play with my tits and I've let a select chosen few finger my pussy and rub and finger my asshole!" I smiled sluttily regaling my tale "But recently I've been pushing my shaved pussy into their crotch and feeling their hard cocks push into my smooth pussylips, eventually till one trouser covered cock almost slipped inside me. That was it for me, from then on in I craved hard cocks rubbing against my shaved pussy and sometimes feeling that cock almost penetrate me!"
"You're quite the nasty slut aren't you?" he teased "So how would you like to be fucked while your husband watches and jerks his pathetic cock?" he grinned.
"Oh my god that sounds so hot! A new cock fucking me as he looked on! I would tell him how the cock felt inside me! How much bigger it was than his and how much it was making me cum! I'd fucking love that being a total slut for my lover as my husband watched taking cock and spunk, but I don't think he would go for it!" I smiled with just a hint of disappointment.
"I think you have him just where you want him. You could do that if that's what you wanted do. It's the next logical step in the lifestyle you're both following!" he smiled as his hand slid round my front and began to stroke the soft flesh of my smooth mound.
I looked into his lust filled eyes as his digit finger pressed hard on my aroused clitoris. Smiling a crooked sexy smile as his finger slowly began to make circular motions on my sexually charged clit.
"If you ask me, from my previous experiences, it seems that your husband is ready to watch you be fucked like the slut you are!" He stated with an air of confidence "The difficult part is admitting it to each other without hurting the other ones feelings. What you both need is someone to break the ice for you!"
"Do you think I should brazenly go up to him and tell him that you're taking me home right now to fuck me and he can watch if he's man enough to see his wife take a real cock?" I teased, enjoying our erotic exchange and the perfect pressure being applied to my pussy "Or do you think it would be better if you told him that you were taking me home to fuck me and he could watch?"
"That's exactly what you should do! You should tell him he can join in after you've been fucked a few times. That would push his voyeuristic buttons!" Steve informed with a hint of authority on the matter.
"Have you done this sort of thing before?" I enquired stroking the length of his prominent shaft.
"I've fucked a few women who's husbands get off on showing them off and watching them get fucked! It drives them wild with jealousy and lust!" Steve smiled "Plus it sends the wives crazy with lust at the chance to be a slut instead of a housewife!"
"So do you think we should go back to ours where you and I can fuck each other while hubby tugs his cock? We'd need to put on a good show, lots of fucking, cock-sucking and plenty of dirty talk for his benefit!" I said rubbing my mound on his large hand.
"I'm sure we can have some shaved pussy licking also and as you've had your ass fucked earlier, I'm sure your tight hole would welcome another cock!" Steve smiled as his finger slid between my wet pussylips. "Plus if I'm fucking you in front of your husband I insist you keep your stockings, garters and high heels on when my cocks inside you. I've always wanted to fuck you and to fuck you dressed like a whore would be awesome!"
"Fucking me will be better than awesome! I'll do whatever you want!" I said in a husky slutty tone "You can fuck my ass if you'd like!" I finished, with a sexy grin and lust filled eyes.
"Shall we go and break the news to him that his cheating slut wife is about to get fucked while he looks on helpless?" Steve said in a very alpha male tone which turned me on ever more.
"Come on then, let's inform him that we're going back to mine to have you slide that big cock inside all of my tight holes!" I giggled stroking the large bulge in Steve's trousers. Steve kissed me gently, flicking his tongue across my aroused lips then slowly turned me in the direction of my hubby, as we walked off the dance floor hand in hand.
As we approached hubby he smiled rather nervously, instinctively aware that something out of his control was about to occur.
Steve took command of the situation and blurted out quite dominantly.
"We're all three of us going back to your house, where I'm going to slide my cock inside your slut wife and I'm going to fuck her like the slut she is. She wants my cock and she's going to come like a whore when it's fucking all her holes!" he stated very forcefully and efficiently.
Hubby gulped at the surprise of his words and the tone in which they were uttered.
"You can watch and jerk off if you want, but Steve is going to fuck me whether you like it or not!" I commanded "But I have a feeling that you're going to like watching me take another man's cock in all of my tight wet holes!" I stated for maximum effect as I stroked the huge hard bulge in hubby's trousers.
"Now let's get the car, Steve and I will sit in the back and get better acquainted!" I demanded giggling at my husbands discomfort "Steve will play with my tits, pussy and ass in the car but I'll ensure that you'll be able to see all of the action as you drive!"
Hubby was standing uncomfortable but I could see and feel he was aroused. He nodded without saying a word and walked ahead to get the car. Steve and I left the club with his large hand placed firmly on my right buttock. Squeezing my firm orb, moving the garter strap from my waspie with each beautiful squeeze as we followed hubby to our car.
Winking at the doormen, I walked with Steve as Hubby dashed ahead. We stopped beside our car, where Steve pushed me against the car and placed his hand at the zipper of my dress.
He smiled at my husband as he slowly began to unzip the full length. My dress pinged open revealing my exposed pierced breasts and my smooth shaved pussy. Pulling me toward him, Steve kissed me forcefully in full view of my husband. Breaking our kiss, he plunged a large index finger inside my wet pussy, squelching his finger in and out of my unfaithful pussy, as I opened my legs to allow him better access..
"I'm really going to enjoy banging this slut!" Steve drooled as he plunged his digits in and out of my hairless pussy.
I squirmed with delight at the sluttish scenario unfurling before my watching husbands eyes. My husband groaned with obvious desire as Steve continued fingering my hungry exposed cunt, kissing my open panting mouth as his tongue snaked in and out.
An orgasm began to well up inside my pulsating pussy as I thrust my shaved mound onto Steve's invading fingers. I groaned out loud as my orgasm gripped me.
"Look at him fingering your whore wife!" I moaned as Steve pushed his fingers toward my G spot, making me gush female ejaculation all over his large hand.
Hubby looked at my trembling body giving itself to Steve's fingers. Steve removed his fingers from my pussy, placing the cream coated fingers into my panting mouth. I licked the fingers like a dirty cheating slut as Hubby opened the car door, climbed into the driver's seat and started the engine.
Steve unplugged his fingers from my mouth, removing my dress completely, leaving me standing outside the car wearing just my Pink PVC quarter cup bra, Pink PVC Waspie, Black seamed stockings' and my slutty high heeled shoes.
"We won't need this!" he smiled as he threw the dress at my hubby.
Steve climbed in to the back seat and pulled me inside the car, as my opened legs straddled his thighs, nestling my gaping pussy directly onto his bulging crotch. Facing him, I planted my lips on his and felt his snake like tongue invade my mouth. I moaned rather loudly as Steve tongued my mouth whilst his hands played with my very erect pierced nipples.
"I didn't know your wife was such a dirty slut! Fucking sexy underwear and pierced nipples! She must be getting fucked all over town looking like this!" Steve tormented my husband with his brash dirty talk.
The car pulled out of the car park and onto the main road, as Steve kissed my mouth, continuing to drive my nipples wild with desire at his expert touch.
His hand left my breast and a finger inserted itself into my gaping stretched pussy. I was dripping wet with sexual desire for Steve's cock as he fingered me brutally in the back of the car.
My moaning was rather loud as Steve pushed his finger deeper inside me and began to rub the spongy flesh of my G spot.
Applying the perfect amount of pressure to my G spot, I began to almost sob with desire as Steve took my pussy to a place it had never been before. I let out a loud audible gasp informing all in the car that I was coming as a gush of pussy juice squirted from my gash. Steve laughed like a drain, saying loudly.
"Fucking hell she really is a dirty slut getting her pussy fingered with her loyal husband only feet away!" he continued with his sexual taunting of my husband "You should see how much she has just come!" He continued with the torment as I panted breathlessly on his manly finger.
I slowly rode his finger as my orgasm subsided. Adding to my husband's torment I said.
"That's the best orgasm I've ever had! My husband has never made me cum like that!" Then I kissed Steve deeply as he continued fingering my shaved hole. His other hand went round to my buttocks where he sidled his hand toward my puckered ring. He slid his large index finger into my recently fucked ass and began to finger fuck my ass and pussy in unison.
"I can't believe this whore is letting me finger fuck her pussy and ass with you here!" he growled in self satisfaction. "This ass feels like it's been recently fucked! Have you been getting fucked up the ass in that club?" Steve mocked knowing full well my ass had fucked earlier. I squirmed with delight at the pleasure of his fingers and the humiliating taunting he was directing at my husband.
Panting deliriously I confessed my earlier adulterous action.
"Yes I was fucked in the disabled toilets by the guy I'd just danced with. He bareback fucked my pussy then he fucked my ass and came in my mouth!" I almost screamed the words as Steve finger fucked me to another orgasm.
I could hear hubby moan at the torment and his breathing quickened. He was tormented and sexually aroused.
"Did you hear that? This slut was fucking some other guy when you and I were talking! What a fucking slut!" Steve giggled, humiliating my Husband and I, but sending both of us into an area of arousal we were unfamiliar with.
"I can't believe you fucked another guy!" Hubby almost whispered "And that you let him fuck your ass!"
"It was fucking awesome feeling his big cock stretching my asshole. His cock was so much bigger than yours!" I was arousing myself endlessly trash talking to my husband "He gave me his number and wants to fuck me again!" I trembled excitedly fucking Steve's fingers "He wants me to dress slutty for him when he fucks me again!" I informed the car.
"She's already fucked him like a filthy whore in a disabled toilet! You may as well get used to the idea that this slut will fuck him whether you agree or not!" Steve informed hubby "Will he be fucking your ass again?" Steve continued.
"Oh god yes! It was so fucking dirty getting fucked up the ass! I fucking loved it!" I panted.
"This slut is making me so hot, I think I might just slip my cock in this tight pussy right here!" he informed
"Not here. Wait till we get home so I can see it!" hubby chirped "And we can video you fucking her!"
Now this was a delightful surprise to hear hubby buying into the situation. Especially the idea of videoing my cheating fuck. I moaned even louder at the prospect of the night to come as my pussy and ass would be plundered deliciously.
"Take your cock out! I want to suck this huge beast!" I panted.
"No wait till we get home!" hubby interrupted.
"Fuck you! I want to suck a real mans cock!" I tormented him, unzipping Steve's fly and unfurling his impressive vein riddled erection.
"Now that's a cock I could suck all night!" I said loudly uttering the truth but also for effect "You'll see me suck this and you'll watch as I slut on this cock when Steve fucks my shaved pussy and tight asshole when we get home!" I promised sinking my soft lips over the head of Steve's very hard cock.
Slurping away at Steve's vein riddled cock; I grabbed the base and stroked the whole length with the head being swirled by my tongue. Steve groaned loudly.
"This bitch is the best slut ever! You're a lucky man to have a slut wife like this. If I were you I would let her have all the cock fun she wants as long as she comes home to you!" Steve advised.
"She is beautiful and very sexy!" Hubby declared "I would do anything to please her!" he softened "I just didn't know she needed to be unfaithful and fucked by strangers!"
"Trust me. When you have a wife this hot, you should know every guy wants to fuck her! It's inevitable that a wife this sexy and slutty will eventually move up from flirting and teasing, dancing saucily with strangers and friends, then she will eventually succumb to someone who pushes the right buttons and starting fucking other guys. I'm sure you'll be enjoying what's about to unfurl and change your lifestyle!" Steve explained.
"But I can't explain why this is turning me on so much!" hubby declared.
"If it excites you then let it flow! She enjoys it and you do too, so it sounds perfect to me! Now excuse me while I cum in your wife's mouth!" Steve let out a mighty groan as he emptied his huge balls down my cock sucking throat. I swallowed every single violent spurt of his delicious creamy spunk. Swirling my tongue around his deflating cock, I looked up at him smiling.
"You're one lucky bastard to have a wife this hot. I hope you realise that I'm going to pop around every now and then to fuck this slut!" Steve smiled.
"It will be my pleasure!" Hubby grinned in the rear view mirror.
"And mine!" I chirped up.
"Sometimes you can watch but sometimes I'll want this slut on my own and so will a few of my friends!" Steve ordered "She'd love a good gang-bang as she seems horny enough to try anything!"
Our car turned into our drive, slowly coming to a halt as hubby turned off the engine. He turned to look at Steve and I in the back seat. I was stroking Steve's half hard cock, wearing only my Waspie and stockings; I was sexily brushing my lips against Steve's, flicking my tongue onto his tongue, slowly and deliberately.
"Shall we take the party inside?" Hubby asked.
Slut: Teasing is my game. (Part four)
Steve and I climbed out of the car, with our lips still brushing each others. Standing on our drive way, I was wearing only my high heels, PVC Waspie, quarter cup bra and black seamed stockings, which now had a little splash of spunk mid thigh.
Steve's semi erect cock was limply hanging from his flies as we kissed passionately, whilst hubby's shaking hand tried nervously to open our front door.
As the door swung open Hubby switched on the hallway lights which lit up our drive way, exposing Steve and my almost naked body to the whole neighbourhood.
We stepped inside the hallway as Hubby closed the front door then dashed upstairs.
I've no idea why he rushed upstairs, so Steve and I walked into the lounge, still exploring each other's mouths with our salacious tongues. I guided Steve to one of our high backed chairs and indicated to him to sit.
I turned on the music system and some grinding drum and bass music filled the audible space of our lounge. I began to dance for my guest, rotating my hips and pushing my shaved pussy back and forth. Holding my pierced nipples,
I tugged on the erect flesh, smiling at Steve. Hubby burst through the door holding a Video camera, Tripod and a Canon digital camera. Positioning the Video on the tripod he switched the camera to record, pointing the lens directly at me as I continued to tease my small audience.
I walked over to Steve and straddled his thighs. He'd removed his trousers completely, sitting on my chair wearing only a shirt which was completely unbuttoned.
His strong Pecs and chiseled six pack were evident as I drooled at the sight of his masculine tight body. Removing the shirt from his torso, I kissed his neck gently, running my tongue up toward his ear. Whispering softly I said.
"I want feel you inside me!" I said as I licked his earlobe, nibbling the soft flesh gently.
Steve held my waist as he pushed his hard cock toward my very wet opening. The tip of his cock invaded my pussylips as he whispered loud enough for the camera to pick up.
"I've always wanted to fuck you and always hoped you would be such a slut, but I never imagined how much of a slut you would be!" he continued "Whatever God you believe in, could never have made this body, as this is definitely made for sin and I'm about to do so many sinful things to this slut!"
I groaned with delight at his fabulous speech, while his cock slid slowly inside my hungry cunt. The heat from his cock began to delight my pussy as the full length wonderfully impaled me.
I moaned loudly as his cock head banged at my cervix.
"Oh fuck! Fill me with your cock!" I sighed with half closed lustful eyes. I turned my head to look at my husband who was controlling the camera with one hand, whilst the other slowly stroked his huge erection.
"Oh babe this cock inside me feels fucking awesome!" I moaned with lustful passion, rocking my pelvis back and forth on Steve's huge cock.
"It looks fucking awesome!" said hubby as he flicked on the huge TV screen in our lounge, as my ass sliding back and forth on Steve's lap came into view on the screen. The camera zoomed out showing Steve's finger making its way into my ass. I leant toward Steve just enough to allow the camera to catch Steve's cock sliding in and out of my stretched shaved pussy.
"Take my cock you cheating slut!" Steve growled for the camera.
I groaned with delight as I watched Steve's cock plunder my unfaithful pussy while hubby stroked his cock in unison.
"Are you enjoying watching your hot wife get fucked like some cheap slut?" I asked.
Hubby replied.
"Fuck yeah! We should have had you getting other cocks inside you years ago. You look fucking fantastic taking someone else's cock!" He smiled, still stroking his hard cock.
I decided to turn up the heat.
"You don't know, but earlier tonight in the disabled toilets, a guy fucked my shaved pussy then fucked my ass! He came in my mouth and I swallowed the lot!" I confessed "But that won't be the end of it. I will fuck Steve again, sometimes with you in the room and sometimes just me and him or maybe me and a few of his friends, but he will fuck me again and every hole is his too do with as he wishes.
And from now on when we go to the dance club, I will dance and let the guys have a little play with my pussy and I will bring one or two home to fuck me and you can watch! Whatever I do you will always know about it either during or after, but I will always let you know!" I panted, feeling Steve's cock hit my cervix as I ground down on his hot pulsing flesh.
Hubby nodded in agreement at my new conditions as he began to remove all of his clothes.
"You won't regret this babe. I'll always come home to you, but I love cock and love how it feels and what it does to me! Now come over here and fuck my ass!" I exclaimed "DP me like some cheap porno slut!"
Hubby willingly obeyed as he positioned himself directly behind me. I felt the tip of his cock at the puckered ring of my ass. He gently nudged his cock forward as my ring opened and grasped onto his invading cock head. With one lunge, he pushed his huge hard length straight up my asshole.
The tremendous sensations of two cocks filling both of my holes sent me wild with desire as the most unbelievable orgasm pulsed through what felt like my entire body.
Riding both cocks, I began to tremble as my orgasm intensified from the thrusting cock meat attacking my pussy and ass. If I felt like a slut before, then the feeling I was experiencing right now, was a whole new level of slutdom.
A cock in each of my tight holes, whilst wearing sexy Shocking Pink PVC Waspie, quarter cup bra exposing my erect pierced nipples and my cum stained seamed black stockings with my husband's cock deep in my ass and his friend
Steve deliciously stretching my shaved pussy with his big veined cock. My orgasm surged through me, as a spurt of pussy ejaculation burst out of my cunt. Soaking Steve's cock in my female creamy fluid, I rode both cocks ferociously, begging to be fucked and filled with hot cum!
Steve looked over my shoulder at husband ploughing away at my stinging ass.
"Do you want me to cum inside the slut or plaster her face with man fat?" Steve smiled.
They both laughed loudly, still fucking their private little slut as my husband said in a rather menacing tone.
"Fuck it! Cum all over the filthy sluts face!" he snarled which I found to be very arousing indeed.
"Cum in my mouth!" I screamed as another orgasm tore through me.
Hubby said in a stammering and panting voice.
"I'm coming inside the Bitches ass!" and unleashed spurt after spurt of hot thick spunk, deep inside my well fucked ass. Waiting for the last thrusts of hubby's cock, Steve tapped my head and said.
"Jump off my cock slut. I'm going to cum all over your cheating face!"
I jumped off Steve's cock, aroused like I've never experienced and sunk to my knees awaiting the onslaught of his white juice. The first spurt splashed across my lips and cheeks as Steve almost yelled.
"Take my spunk you dirty whore!"
I clamped my mouth over his exploding cock, as I swallowed spurt after spurt, violently gushing out of his rock hard cock. With my knees on the floor and legs wide open, my husband's spunk started to run out of my well fucked ass.
Swallowing Steve's colossal load, with my ass dripping cum, I'd never felt so slutty or fantastic. This is what I was meant to be. A cock crazy filthy cum-slut whore!
My body was tingling all over at the extreme sexual arousal I was feeling. I was hungry for more cock in any hole of their choosing, so strong was my sexual arousal.
I looked at my husband as he stared in disbelief at what we had both just endured.
I don't think that my love for him had ever been stronger; and that he had encouraged me to live my strong sexual desires warmed my heart.
I knew from this moment on, our lives had changed and this scenario would be repeated in future. Panting like a bitch in heat, I released Steve's cock from my mouth as a strand of saliva and spunk, strung from his cock end and my lips. Steve laughed at the liquid strand and said.
"So you didn't swallow all of my spunk!"
Hubby knelt down beside me, looking into my lust crazed eyes, he placed his hand on my lips and wrapped the saliva strand around his finger, scooping all of the shiny goo in his hand and fed me the saliva spunk concoction very delicately.
I licked the sexual fluid from his hand, with slow deliberate strokes of my tongue. Once all of the sex fluid was in my mouth, I sucked hubby's fingers clean, maintaining eye contact throughout.
As he removed his finger from my mouth, I mouthed the words "I love you" to him.
He smiled at me lovingly, holding my Waspie cinched waist, he pulled me close to him and kissed me with the most passionate kiss we had ever felt.
Our tongues were delving into each other's mouths as our lustful breathing became heavier. I pushed hubby back onto the floor and straddled his thighs.
His cock was bolt upright, sporting a blue steel erection. I held the base of his cock and slid my pussy down the hard shaft of my husband's cock. Steve stood by watching my husband and I make love frantically.
"Do you guys want some time alone?" he asked softly.
Hubby turned to him, to find Steve stroking his still hard cock.
"Stick that up the bitch's asshole!" Hubby laughed.
I fucked my husband like I've never fucked him before as Steve gently slid his cock inside my tight ring to double penetrate me for the second time tonight.
I gave my body and soul to my husband and my ass to my new lover, experiencing sexual sensations I never thought possible.
I was used and abused like the slut I've become, feeling pleasure I've desired for years.
The guys fucked me in every hole, ejaculating in every crevice possible.
We all fucked like this for the next thirty minutes till all parties felt sexually drained. Hubby and Steve grabbed towels and wiped my body and holes of all body fluids.
I lay there as they cleaned my body in the greatest sexual afterglow I'd ever known. This was how I wanted and needed to be fulfilled sexually. Hubby showed no signs of jealousy, but a strange swell of pride at his new found sexy slut wife.
Steve told us both that our new lifestyle would bring us endless hours of sexual pleasure as long as we were mostly honest with each other, but he thought I may crave the need to cheat every now and then. Hubby shrugged saying.
"She will need cock to satisfy her desires. I don't need to know everything! he smiled.
Steve left a few minutes after that, but we arranged another slut fuck session later in the week, where I will dress like a cheap hooker for my two lovers and they will defile and use my body for their own and inevitably my sexual gratification, and it's been agreed that Steve and I will spend the first hour alone fucking and sucking and getting to know each other before we join hubby for a fuck fest.
Hubby and I are looking forward to what adventures we can encounter and how many sexual avenues we can explore. I'm also looking forward a few sneaky cheating fucks with the cocks of my choice!
This slut was obviously born to tease!
Slut: Teasing is my game (Part Five)
It's now accepted in my marriage that I've went from hot trophy wife, to out and out slut wife. My husband has given me full permission to fuck whomever I want, whenever I want.
While this has been a perfect arrangement for a hot slut like myself, I must admit I do miss the excitement of the non permission teasing and discrete fondling that used to occur.
Hubby's job sometimes takes him out of town or overseas occasionally and what I am about to regale is what happened when he was off on one of his employment excursions.
I'd dropped him off at the airport for his five day overseas visit, wearing my usual outrageous lingerie, but this time hidden behind my long leather look macintosh.
Hubby drove to the airport, feeling my shaved pussy for most of the journey, slipping his index finger deep into my slot at every given opportunity.
I never came on this journey but he did bring me to heights of almost orgasm, with me moaning and sighing at the sensual pleasure of his invading finger.
By the time we reached the airport, I was a highly sexed creature desperate for a length of cock.
As we pulled up to the drop off point, hubby leant over, opening my coat fully and began to paw my pierced nipples and thrust his finger forcibly into my soaked pussy.
Thrusting my hips to meet the onslaught of his finger I finally achieved my orgasm rather audibly, panting ferociously that I needed a cock inside me.
"That will have to wait until I get home honey!" hubby smiled as he slid his cum drenched finger out of my swollen pussy. Kissing him sexily and slowly I whispered.
"I'll pick you up on Friday wearing this lot and fuck you in the car park!" I smirked. Hubby gave me a strong kiss as he climbed out of our car and got his bags from the back.
Closing the door he smiled as he made his way into the airport terminal. I climbed across the console, almost thinking of sliding my shaved slot over the manual gearstick and took my position in the drivers seat. Clicking the seatbelt into position my coat was still open, I drove out of the drop of point and made my way home.
My coat was revealing my faux leather underwear to anyone who could see through the tinted windows of our car as I drove along the road.
My nipples were burning with desire, resting on my black faux leather quarter cup bra, making my huge tits paper even bigger.
The bra matched my waist cinching black faux leather waspie, tied tightly at the front.
My black silk seamed stockings were attached to the garter straps of the waspie, as my spike heeled shoes floored the accelerator. I was buzzing sexually and needed to be filled with cock.
Any cock, as long as it was hard and ready explode it's hot sticky cream for me.
I remembered the times before our new lifestyle when I would tease dance partners and let them have a sneaky feel of my tits or pussy without my husbands knowledge, but still returned to my husband technically still faithful.
I instantly thought of ringing Steve and see if he would come over and fuck me as my hubby had seen him slide that wonderful cock into me on numerous occasions but never behind my husbands back.
This didn't satisfy the naughty urges that were building inside me. I needed to cheat on my husband with some new strange cock to douse this sexual fire.
My mind was whirling with delicious sexy thoughts as I continued my drive. I pulled up to a set of traffic lights with a lorry directly next to me. The lorry was an overseas delivery, so the driver was actually next to my side of the car.
I looked up to the cab to see the driver smiling down at me. My coat was wide open with my huge tits, shaved pussy and erotic lingerie all on display.
I smiled back at the lorry driver and parted my legs slightly, just enough to ensure that my smooth slit was now on display.
The driver smiled not believing his luck. Winding his window down he wolf whistled as I placed my hand on my puffed pussy lips.
I wound my window down, turning my head toward him I shouted.
"Would you like to fuck this?" smiling as I slid a finger between my pussylips.
"How much will it cost?" The driver enquired.
An electric charge surged through my pussy as I realised he thought I was a hooker. Playing along with this game I noticed that the driver was probably in his early thirties and had a rugged charm about him. Very tanned with dark thick hair. I looked and thought to myself I'd fuck him for free, but continuing the charade, I shouted back to him.
"Fifty for a fuck and one hundred if you want to fuck my arse!" I smiled licking my teeth.
"How long do I get? he asked efficiently.
Two hours. My next client is due in three hours!" I continued with the charade.
"You're on!" he smiled.
"Good!" I declared. "Follow me to my place of work and we'll get working on emptying your load!" I smiled just as the lights changed to green.
I drove off first and slotted into the same lane as the Lorry driver. He followed me like the professional driver I expected, all the way to my marital home.
I pulled the car into our drive as the screeching of his air brakes filled my street. He climbed out of the cab and walked toward my car. Looking in my rear view mirror I could see he was over six feet tall and possessed quite an athletic body. This was going to be more fun than I expected.
A very sexy blue collar worker was going to pay me to stick his cock deep inside me. He tapped on my window as I opened my door and slid my long stockinged leg out of the car.
My legs were parted as my shaved slit opened revealing my moist pussylips.
He sighed a very erotic sigh as I climbed out of the car with my coat still open, revealing my underwear, pierced nipples and shaved pussy to him. Placing his hand on my shaved pussy I knocked his hand away saying.
"Business before pleasure!"
"Ok lady. I'll have the one hundred deal and fuck your pussy and ass!" he smiled handing me one hundred in used twenties. Placing the notes in my pocket I stroked his rather large bulge and said.
"You made the right choice!" Turning away from him I locked my car door and opened my front door with my house keys.
"Come on in" I smiled "We'll need to get that cock inside me and get you your money's worth!"
He placed his large calloused hand around my cinched leather look waist, pulling me close to him effortlessly and looked into my eyes.
"Is kissing permitted?" with a scolded schoolboy look in his eyes.
"Why not!" I stated "My next client is a rich Arab and you've no idea of the filthy depraved things he'll be doing to me! So I suppose a little snog wouldn't hurt!" I embellished somewhat.
Holding me tight, he brushed his lips against mine as I snaked my tongue into his open mouth. His large manly hands slid onto my exposed breasts as his fingers gently applied pressure to the flesh jutting from my nipples. The tingling sensation of the pressure he was placing on my overtly erect nipples was driving me wild with desire. I slipped my coat off allowing him better access to my body as he broke our kiss and whispered.
"Shall we introduce ourselves to our bodies?" he smirked placing the cup of his hand on my shaved mound. His middle finger parted my inflamed pussylips and slid inside my soaked quim with simplistic ease.
"Someone loves her work!" he teased feeling my wetness "I must have a taste of this!"
Dropping to his knees, he placed his hands either side of my shaved slit and held my lips open, exposing my pink aroused flesh. My musk filled my own nostrils as I felt his warm breath waft my opening. Like an electric shock, his tongue flicked my labia as a deep moan left my mouth. His tongue slithered inside my pussy, tasting my inevitable wetness, wriggling his tongue expertly.
Gaining my composure for a moment I moaned softly.
"Let's take this into the bedroom where I can give your cock the same attention!" I panted trying to gain some level of control.
My client removed his orgasmic tongue from my pussy and stood directly in front of me.
He held my head gently and kissed me softly allowing me to taste my juices, glistening on his lips and chin. Licking all of my pussy juice from his face I guided him to my marital bed where I was about to cheat on my husband with my first prostitute experience.
As we entered my marital boudoir, I began to unbutton his checked shirt, revealing a very muscular torso with a hint of six pack. His arms were strong and muscled as he began to unbuckle the belt of his blue combat trousers.
I stopped his hand and took over the task with my long talked nails. Slipping the belt through the buckle, I popped the button on his trousers and slowly slid his zip down.
His trousers collapsed around his ankles revealing a tight pair of Calvin Klein's with a very prominent bulge stretching the white material of his underwear.
Stroking the massive bulge, I gently tapped my long red nails along the length of the shrouded cock. Placing my nails in the waistband, I gently tugged the waistband over his hips as his cock sprang forward.
An enormous veined beast thrust from his groin, throbbing and pulsing just inches from my face. I looked up at him and placed the tip of his cock onto my bottom lip, flicking my tongue onto his bulbous head as I slowly pulled his foreskin back and shrouded my mouth over his hard meaty flesh.
He moaned softly as my vacuum sucking action, drew his length further into my warm inviting mouth.
Sucking and licking his very impressive cock like a good whore should, my mind went into overdrive at how much pleasure I was deriving from being a hooker and cheating on my husband in our marital home. He looked at my stretched ruby lips, gliding the length of his veined throbbing cock.
"Your sexy outfit is so fucking hot! You are by far the best whore I've ever encountered!" he smirked as I continued slobbering on his awesome cock.
"Let's get this big fucker inside me and let you see just how slutty this whore can be!" I teased, licking the head of his cock.
He eased me up off his cock and tasted his salty manliness on my stretched lips. Sitting down on the bed he kicked his shoes and trousers off. Reaching into his pocket he pulled out a silver square packet and tore the corner with his teeth.
A long gossamer condom slithered out of the pack as he stretched the soft pink latex.
Holding his hard cock at the base, he pulled the pink skin over the length of his steel hard cock. His cock was thrusting forward like a shiny pink cannon awaiting to fire it's first salvo.
I grazed the length of his condom covered cock with my talon like nails and straddled his thighs as my shaved pussy opened and allowed the tip of his strong pulsing member to slide inside my pussy.
I couldn't help moaning as his cock stretched my hole, forcing my pussy flesh to shroud his large bulbous cock end.
I slowly slid down the length, acclimatising myself to the wonderful sensations of his stretching cock.
As my pussy planted the entire length deep inside me, he groaned gently.
"Fuck me but that is one tight hot pussy!" He whispered as I began to gyrate my hips, thrusting on his cock.
"If you can stay hard long enough you'll find out how tight my ass is!" I teased, riding his cock.
"Oh fuck!" he panted, placing his hands on my butt cheeks, stretching my tight ring with his brutish force. I placed my hands on his thighs behind me and began to fuck him vigorously.
My stretched cunt was exposed to him as his cock plunged deep inside me. His lips brushed against the jewellery piercing my nipples as the flesh of my nipple was now been gently chewed by his diamond white teeth. I placed my hands on his head, softly hugging his dome as he fucked my pussy and stretched my ass.
My orgasm was surging through as my breathing became more erratic with each wonderful thrust.
My panting and moaning were too obvious not to notice that my orgasm was now in full flow.
"Fuck me!" I cried as he buried his length into my hot tight quim. His fingers stretched across my butt cheeks as I felt the tip of one slowly circle my anus bud.
My client gently pushed his finger into my tight asshole just as my orgasm began to wane.
Keeping me in the dizzy heights of arousal, he expertly fucked my cunt and fingered my ass. I couldn't believe that I was being paid to receive this level of pleasure.
"Can I fuck your ass now?" my client dutifully enquired.
"Honey of course you can fuck my ass. What position would you like to fuck me in?" I enquired like an obedient whore.
"Would you kneel on the bed and I'll fuck you from behind!" he asked rather subserviently.
"Sure baby I'll kneel on the bed and you can slide that hard pole deep in my ass, and if you're really good just let me know when you're gonna cum and we'll whip that condom off and you can give some of that good lorry driver cream!" I teased.
I knelt on the bed, opening my legs and arching my back exposing my hairless slit and puckered ring to my john. I slid a nail just inside my asshole then gently scraped it down my shaved slit, moaning softly I did so.
"Come on baby give me that cock! Fuck my ass deep baby!" I moaned.
I felt a warm sensation on my asshole as he spat a rather large globule of saliva, making me feel even more of a slut than I was.
I squirmed with delight at his filthy antic and felt a slight stinging sensation as the head of his cock stretched my ring and slowly pushed the rest of his length into my ass.
I gasped at the stretching and stinging sensation as his cock filled my ass. He slid his cock slowly out of my ass, feeling the walls of my anus pulled back with his length.
With just the tip inside my ass he grabbed my leather cinched waist and ploughed his cock deep inside my ass forcefully. The breath left my body at the ferocity of his lunge.
There is no other way to describe this feeling than fucking sensational.
My fingernail scraped my clitoris out of its hood as he began a nice rhythm of fucking my ass.
"You're such a dirty whore!" he snarled as he fucked me senseless.
"Oh yeah. Fuck my ass and treat me like a slut!" I begged.
"Take this cock you filthy slut!" he snarled.
Every thrust and every insult where like little erotic electric shocks, sending me into sexual overdrive.
The speed at which my fingernail was gently scratching my exposed clitoris, send my orgasm wild.
My thrusts were uncontrollable as he continued his onslaught of my, feverishly calling me cock hungry slut.
As my orgasm surged through me I felt the first burst of female ejaculation as my pussy emptied copious amounts of creamy pussy fluid.
My fingertip now soothingly rubbed my flaming clit as loverly kept thrusting his cock in and out of my ass. His breathing became more laboured as he gritted his teeth and said.
"I'm going to come sexy bitch!" I unplugged his cock from my ass, turning 180 degrees rapidly and slid his condom from his length, placing my lips over his pulsating member.
Spurt after spurt of hot spicy cum blasted the back of my throat. For the last two spurts I took his cock out of my mouth, holding in front of my open lips.
Giving him the satisfaction of watching his jism splash across my lips and cheeks. Jerking his cock to submission he flopped on the bed panting and breathless. I leaned over him, scooping the stray cum from my face with my finger and seductively licking the warm white cream clean off my finger.
Watching his broad chest heave up and down until his breathing had almost returned to normal I went back into hooker business mode.
"Come on you'll have to fuck off now as my rich Arab will be here soon to use and abuse me!" I smiled.
"You'll have to give me your number as I definitely want more of this pussy and ass!" he excitedly questioned.
Writing my cell phone number on a small piece of paper, I handed him the number and smiled.
"As long as you only call me during the day! I don't want my husband getting suspicious!" I exclaimed.
"You're married!" he said rather startled "You fucking cheating filthy whore!" he smiled.
"And don't you forget it!" I grinned.
Slut: Teasing is my game (Part Six)
My sexual trysts have become quite adventurous for the average slut hot wife!
My afternoon as the fake hooker was a sensational sexual escapade.
Before hubby returned from his trip, Steve popped round on two occasions to give my shaved pussy and puckered asshole the sexual delights of his large hard cock.
The second time he stayed over night where we made a very raunchy video of me being unfaithful and worshipping Steve's cock all for Hubby's benefit when he returned from his trip.
He arrived back last night where we both watched my porno antics on Steve's cock as he defiled me in various sexy outfits, whilst I worshipped and begged for his hard cock.
Hubby loved all of the over the top sex talk as Steve slipped his cock in every hole imaginable.
I then informed hubby that the next evening I would be out getting fucked off a new guy.
I'm actually driving back home to my husband after a raunchy night of outrageous fucking with my brand new well endowed lover.
I met my latest squeeze last week whilst out lingerie shopping for more sexy outfits for my Hubby, Steve and the lounge lizards to enjoy, and I was bold enough to get this stranger to select a few outfits for me in the lingerie store.
After we had teased and aroused ourselves in the lingerie store, with innuendos and delicate, deliberate touching, where I took the liberty of giving him a fashion show of some of the sexy garments I was intending to purchase for wearing for my husband and future lovers, information I insisted he was aware of.
Our giggling and sexual mirth was reverberating outwith the walls of the changing rooms, so we decided to take my purchases and quench our thirst with some sparkling white refreshments.
We made our way into the nearest wine bar and destroyed a full bottle of sparkling white wine, where he played along with the charade of him seducing me, which seemed a bit pointless as he had spent the last 30 minutes viewing my lingerie clad body and sometimes naked body, making salacious comments about my firm ass, huge pierced tits or how much he admired my smooth shaved slit.
We toyed with each other, flirting outrageously and acting very suggestively with just a hint of naughty talk.
After we had guzzled the wine we arranged our inevitable evening of unfaithful sex.
He's married, which I said was perfect as I only needed his cock not his emotions. He smiled at my response and arranged to fuck me in a friends flat, where I'm now driving from after we've just exchanged copious amounts of bodily fluids.
I turned up this evening to be fucked by him in one of the outfits he selected, dressed in a tight vinyl black mini skirt, a black vinyl quarter cup bra, black vinyl Waspie with four garter straps and black fishnet stockings.
On top of this I wore a tight black wet look turtle neck top, which was like a second skin it was so tight. Wearing this outfit I was compelled to go with my obligatory lucky fuck me playboy spiked heel shoes to complete my outlandish slut look.
Well it's pointless being a cheating slut and going to get fucked looking like a choirgirl!
I'm almost home now, approximately five minutes from my house and my pussy and ass are still tingling from the pounding his cock assaulted on my poor defenceless shaved slot and tight puckered ring.
Hubby is awaiting my return to excitedly hear of my sexual exploits with my new cock, and I do like to regale how much of a slut I've been.
Checking my rear view mirror, I can see strands of thick creamy spunk emblazoned across my hair, from his last violent spurt. Oh my god it was awesome watching his cock explode across my cheek and continuously erupt, spewing his orgasmic discharge onto my face and hair!
As the last spurt settled on my cheek, I gave him a peck on the cheek, grabbing my mini skirt and top, slipping my coat on and telling him to call me later in the week for a return match.
I'm pulling into my drive right now and I can see the bedroom curtain move as hubby watches me park the car. I'll now go inside and tell hubby and you, in real time, everything that happened tonight.
Opening the front door I slowly walked inside, hearing my spiked high heels clip clip on the hardwood flooring. I began climbing each stair slowly up to our bedroom where hubby was waiting to hear the sexy sordid details of how his hot slut wife had just experienced a brand new cock inside her.
I opened the bedroom door, smiling at my husband sprawled naked across our marital bed.
I blew him a kiss and discarded my long PVC mac, revealing my latex slut lingerie to my husband.
He smiled excitedly, witnessing the remnants of cum in hair and my pink swollen shaved pussylips.
I smiled back at him before slowly turning around and arching my back whilst pushing my ass in the air. Placing both hands on my butt cheeksI began spreading the firm flesh of my taut buttocks to reveal my well fucked pussy and gaping just fucked ass.
Hubby moaned softly as he witnessed my gaping asshole and red swollen pussy, still glistening from the sexual fluids of my earlier activities.
"You look such a cheating slut!" He moaned, breathing quite heavily.
I giggled as I twerked my ass and pussy.
"I've been a very naughty cheating slut tonight! I've let a strange man stick his hard cock in my mouth and I sucked it like a filthy slut.
I then let him slide his huge cock in my shaved pussy till I came all over his very large manly meat.
Then he turned me over, spat on my asshole and used me as his cheating married slut, fucking me wildly and deeply in my tight unfaithful ass. He filled every hole with his hard cock and delicious spunk and I fucking loved being his slut!" I said in a slow deliberate tone.
"You'll need to tell me everything!" hubby smiled, his face beetroot red with frustration and sexual arousal.
"I'll not only tell you I'll show you!" I smiled.
I stood at the side of the bed displaying my just fucked lingerie clad body to my husband and began my version of events.
"He welcomed me into his friends flat removing my coat and had a good long lingering look at my sexy black outfit.
I made sure he got a good look at my huge firm breasts, tight small waist and rounded feminine hips.
He wasted no time in unzipping my mini skirt, which fell to the floor in an instant.
I stepped out of the skirt showing him my latex framed shaved cunt in all its glory for the first time.
He stroked my bald slit saying I was a kinky cheating slut who loved cock and then pushed a finger inside me. I moaned and bucked against his finger, telling him how I love to be fingered.
He then lifted my top over my head, revealing my huge pierced tits nestling erotically in the PVC quarter cup bra. He licked my erect pierced nipples while his finger squelched inside my pussy. I began thrusting at his finger as my first orgasm flushed over me.
My orgasm began to run down my thigh and stain my sexy black stockings. I began to beg him to fuck me, but he said he wanted his cock sucked by a dirty unfaithful slut first.
I told him I would do anything he wanted as long as he gave me his seed.
I knelt down in front of him and unzipped his shaved cock. He let his trousers and underwear fall down his legs as I held his huge hard cock, licking the length then licking and gently nibbling his heavy balls.
As I tongued his balls, I slowly wanked the length of his cock, whispering how big it was and how much I was looking forward to having him slide it inside me.
He said as I was such a dirty cheating slut I should tongue his ass to prove how much I wanted fucked.
His words sent a shudder of tingling excitement down my spine as I slid behind him still stroking his huge length and pushed my wiggling tongue in his ass.
He squirmed with pleasure as my tongue delved in and out of his ass, sending tingling sensations through his sphincter.
My lips kissed his puckered ring as my tongue darted in and out of his ass. He said I was an unbelievably filthy cheating whore who was going to get fucked in every hole.
I moved around to his front and took the whole length of his cock to the back of my throat and sucked his cock like a porno whore, maintaining eye contact throughout. He groaned at how great it felt having a dirty slut suck his cock.
I then stood up, holding his rock hard cock, rubbing his large helmet against my shaved pussylips and said I wanted to feel his cock slide into me.
He pushed me on the bed and held my stockinged legs wide open, as my pussy lips parted revealing my pink shiny wetness to him. He held his cock at my shaved opening and slowly slid his very large cock deep inside me.
I groaned as his cock stretched my pussy, filling me to the brim with his hard hot meat! I moaned as I told him his cock was so much bigger and harder than my husbands!"
Hubby grabbed me at this point as I straddled his thighs. His hard cock slid easily inside my cumdrenched pussy, squelching with my earlier sexual deposit.
"Oh god that feels so good to get a second cock inside me!" I sighed. Slowly riding hubby's cock, I continued with my story.
"His cock felt wonderful pulsing inside me and I began to ride it like the unfaithful slut I am. He fingered my ass and said that when he had emptied his seed inside my cunt he was going to fuck my ass. He must have dropped a viagra, as his cock was absolutely solid.
He was calling me a dirty cheating slut, fucking a total stranger behind her husbands back. Each insult aroused me more than the last as I panted my subservient pleasure at his tormenting words.
I said I love to be fucked and used by men. This spurred him on and he said I was a filthy sexy bitch who must love cock. I said I not only love cock, but I love spunk. I love to feel it inside me and I love to watch it splash on my face. I said I love the taste and feeling of a cock exploding in my mouth.
He kept calling me a slut for about five minutes of intense fucking as I rode his cock, telling him how much I loved to cheat on my husband and get fucked in every hole.
At this point he was reaching his crescendo and told me he was going to come, that's when he pushed three fingers up my ass and let his cock explode inside me.
I could feel his hot cream spurt up my pussy, spraying my pussy walls with his hot spicy seed.
I kissed him deeply as he completely emptied inside me. I kept saying loudly, fuck my cheating cunt. Use me like a whore as he finally slid out of my unfaithful hole.
His cock was semi erect and covered in sexual fluids as I climbed off him and knelt in front of him. Holding his wet semi erect cock, I began to lick his length completely clean.
All the while I licked his cock, looking into his eyes, as my tongue snaked around his hardening cock. Feeling his flesh grow hard in my mouth was such a turn on.
He was hard within minutes, then instructed me to kneel on the bed with my legs wide open. I did as he said, arching my back and pushing my ass high in the air. My gaping shaved pussy and puckered asshole where on full display to him.
He spat on my asshole and said he was going to fuck my ass hard and deep.
As he said those words and spat on me, a sensual shiver tingled through me, increasing my state of arousal even further.
I said that I was such a cock loving slut that I loved to have my ass fucked hard and deep. I held my cheeks open revealing my puckered ring and swollen pussy to him.
He spat on his hand and rubbed it into my ass with his earlier spit. I gyrated my hips as he lubed my ass ready to receive his hard cock. I turned my head toward him and said fuck my ass and make me come like my husband can't.
He said your husband must be a right fucking mug having such a sexy whore as a wife who goes out acting like a filthy slut, getting fucked in her shaved pussy and tight slut ass. I said he didn't know he was married to a slut and that I got my kicks out of being fucked by lots of strangers, sometimes even gang banged by loads of cocks at the same time.
I said I'm an insatiable slut who loves to feel different cocks inside her. He knelt between my legs and unceremoniously pushed his cock straight up my ass, till the entire length was inside me.
He then began to use and abuse my ass, fucking me deeply and telling me to take his cock like the cheating slut I was.
I fucking loved the way he spoke to me and the way his cock fucked me. I was coming continuously at this stage, begging him to fuck me like a slut.
"You love cock you dirty whore!" he sneered 'You must be such a skank taking all of that cock you nasty slut!"
He certainly knew how to push my buttons with his dirty talk.
I was thrashing around on his cock begging him to fuck me harder.
He snarled at me and said he was going to spunk on my slut face as he slapped my right buttock very forceful leaving a delightful stinging sensation.
I slid off his hard cock and turned my open mouth to his thick veined cock fresh from my ass.
The first spurt hit my hair followed by a spurt to my cheek and the final three spurts bursting into my open mouth. He wanted the remnants to drip into my hungry mouth as I swallowed his hot cream.
After a large gulp I placed his cock into my mouth swirling my tongue around his deflating cock.
I climbed off the bed, grabbed my top and skirt, gave him a peck on the cheek, placed my coat over my lingerie clad body and told him to call me if he wanted me to be his cheating slut and fuck me again. I left the flat quickly and jumped in the car to drive here and tell you how much of a cheating slut I was tonight!" I finished.
Hubby thrust up into my pussy one last time as his hot spunk flooded my already fucked pussy.
"I think you'll like hearing about the next time I fuck him!" I smiled.