My best friend rang me and said "Dave, I am in a right pickle. Vicky has just kicked me out. Rosie told my wife that I slept with her. Worse she told Vickie about my other affairs."
Rosie was Vicky's best friend. Now the chickens had come home to roost. The more affairs anyone has the more they are likely to be caught out.
So Henry, is staying with me while Vicky decides what to do.
HENRY'S AFFAIRS
Henry has cheated with 3 other women. The first was on their first holiday abroad. He had a quickie with a married lady whose name he didn't know.His conquest smiled at him the next day at breakfast and that was the last time he saw her. Henry didn't know if her husband knew but he hoped not. Secretive shagging is superb sex.
The second was with Wendy, a team mates wife. It went on for 5 months. When Wendy fell pregnant it wasn't clear who the father was. It turned out to be Tom's. Wendy lost interest in extra marital sex and concentrated on bringing up her son.
The third was with Liz, his boss's wife. They met and had sex when Chris was away. Henry really enjoyed hearing about Chris and Liz's sex life. Liz enjoyed being taken doggy "by a real man". Henry enjoyed having sex with Liz as soon as Chris went away. It was a power trip sleeping with the boss's wife even though she was a decade older than him. Chris became suspicious about Liz. He couldn't prove anything but he took his fears as motivation to change his behaviour.
Chris decided that he needed to pay Liz more attention. He only went to meetings and conferences if Liz could go as well. This renewed their love life. Liz decided that her bread was better buttered by Chris than Henry. She didn't want to put her marriage at risk, especially since she now had sex in new places. It was a wrench missing out on Henry's cock and excellent sword play but hotel bedrooms are sexy.
HENRY'S OUTSTANDING FEATURE
Henry is well known for his 10 inch manhood. He proudly parades naked in the rugby club locker room while we lesser endowed teammates stay naked as little as possible.
He says "I am not the best rugby player but I have the biggest cock."
HENRY'S DREAM
Henry came down next morning and said "I had an awful dream. I dreamt that Vicky sent me on a coach trip.
When the coach stopped I got out and had to strip naked at the side of the coach to have a pee. As I peed the women got out of the coach and watched me.
They were all really old women, the youngest was well over 80 and the oldest must have been over 100. I was my age now. These women made the witches in Polankski's Macbeth look like supermodels. The ugly old women surrounded me and admired my cock as I peed.
The oldest, wrinkliest and saggiest breasted one was about to have sex with me. The other women cheered as she reached out for my cock. She was about to take my manhood into her wrinkled, toothless mouth when I woke up."
I said "What a nightmare. It is what we psychologists call "an apprehension of fears".
Firstly, it shows that you fear that you will be alone and wanted only by the old and ugly.
Secondly, it shows that you fear Vickie, since she sent you on the coach journey, in effect, sentencing you to a life of loneliness.
Lastly it is interesting that you made no attempt to flee. This is the supreme fear of all mankind, that loneliness is our inescapable future, Macbeth, after the loss of his wife and facing capture, puts on his armour. He then accepts death in a sword fight he can not possibly win and shouts "Lay on Macduff."
Psychologically speaking Macbeth prefers an honourable death to a life of loneliness without Lady Macbeth."
Henry said "Why is my dream so like Polankski's Macbeth witches, when I haven't even seen the film?"
I replied "According to the psychoanalyst Carl Jung there is an "objective psyche" with a segment of the deepest unconscious mind. You and Shakespeare had the same access to the collective unconscious. Shakespeare merely displayed his "objective psyche" in a dramatic form.
We understand Shakespeare because all human beings instinctively understand Macbeth's "objective psyche".
Polanski had his own access to the universal collective unconscious, with the witches being ugly and naked. Polanski, after the murder of his pregnant wife, sees the fates as ugly. Ultimately the witches are his version of the Manson cult, evil and indiscriminate and senseless."
Henry said "And I thought it was because Polanski was just sex mad. He just had a liking for collective nudity."
I replied "He IS sex mad. But the collective consciousness also includes sexual and spiritual notions. My guess is that Polanski sees the world as ultimately meaningless. Worse he views the world, and his own life, as disgusting."
VICKY'S ULTIMATUM
A week later, Henry put his phone on speaker so Vicky could hear.
He told me "Vicky has given me an ultimatum. She wants to take you as a lover while I have to remain faithful. We both know that you fancy her. Here is a cheque for £1,250, which is the amount I spent on the hotel for my affair with Rosie."
Vicky said "Henry will give you lots of spending money. Will you take me as your lover?"
I said "As Henry is okay with it I am delighted to accept."
I took the cheque.
HENRY'S FIRST TASK
Vicky told Henry "I want Dave to call me darling and you to call me by my name or as "my lawful wife".
Henry agreed.
Vicky continued "I want you to invite Tom and Chris to watch Dave and I having sex. Don't tell them that you have made them cuckolds. Tell them that this is a unique opportunity. If necessary tell them to contact me. I will confirm that I want them to see me having sex with Dave. I will tell them about you and Rosie. Tell them that I have always been attracted to being an exhibitionist and that I will get pleasure from being watched. That isn't a falsehood.
If I know Tom and Chris, they will jump at the chance to see live sex with a husband looking on. I want you to invite them both because you cuckolded them, But to disguise this fact, I will arrange for 4 other men to watch also. Don't fail me."
Henry spent a lot of time and energy persuading Tom and Chris to come to watch. They both contacted Vicky who set their minds at rest.
She told them both "You will be alongside 5 other men. There would be no pictures or videos taken. This was a one off show. You may tell your wife if you want, providing that she don't discuss it with anyone else. You can wear a mask if you want. Clothes are optional."
Neither Tom nor Chris told their wife and neither came with a mask.
THE VOYEURS
The voyeurs had gathered and sat in a semi circle. They could all see the bed. It was like a stage set for an erotic version of a Classical Greek play. Except Henry and I weren't wearing the masks of tragedy or comedy, we were standing naked in full view of them all. Each one knew that Vicky was Henry's wife and I was to be his wife's lover for the first time. They knew that Henry was in the dog house because he had slept with another woman and been found out.
They knew nothing about Henry's other affairs.
VICKY'S TITTIES
Vicky entered carrying a box gift wrapped with pink paper and a bow, She took off her dressing gown and stood completely naked before us all. She bowed and went to the first man and kissed him.
She asked me "My lover, do you mind this man playing with my titties?"
I replied "Not in the least, my darling", loving the fact that I was giving her permission and not Henry.
She placed the stranger's hands on her breasts and allowed him to feel them and suck both her nipples.
She went to the next stranger and asked me "My lover, do you mind this man playing with my titties?"
I replied "Not in the least, my darling."
The man felt them and sucked both her nipples.
A CUNNING PLAN
She then did this with both of Henry's cuckolds.
I now saw why she had placed them in the middle of the semi circle. It is well known that reluctant people are heavily influenced by a group behaviour. Because others had played with Vicky's tits it made it easier for them to do so.
The fact that others followed also made it easier for them to assuage their guilt about marital infidelity. So too was that it "only" involved tits. It takes a man to deny himself pleasure. It is more difficult when all about him would judge him as a coward.
I thought that this was excellent planning by Vicky. It also meant that she was telling me and Henry that she was in control of our affair.
THE POWER OF WORDS
Vicky knows that I love calling her "Darling" especially when Henry was there to hear me say it. Now it was even better since I had an audience. I knew the audience added to Henry's discomfort. Here were the 2 men he had cuckolded sat there waiting to see him being cuckolded. They both would realise what it would be like to hear their wife call another man "Darling". And how much more it would be to hear it in front of other men.
Now the 3 of us knew that the 2 cuckolds had played with his wife's breasts while Henry watched. But we didn't know that was only a part of Vicky's revenge.
REVENGE PART 2
She said, in a loud voice, to me "My lawful husband will now give my lover a gift. Henry give the box to my lover."
Henry dutifully gave me the box which I opened. It contained a large jar.
She said "My darling lover, tell the men what it is that my lawful husband had given you"
I said "It is a jar of KY jelly."
She said "My darling lover I want you to fuck my bum. I am an anal virgin so be careful."
Henry and I both looked shocked. I certainly hadn't expected this. I thought that Henry might just walk away from this humiliation. But he didn't.
I said to Vicky in a clear voice "Lie down on your front so I can admire your virgin arse"
She did as instructed. I parted her raised buttocks and admired her pink rose bud. I applied a generous amount of KY to her anal orifice. I then pushed a finger slowly up her anus. She purred like a kitten.
I said theatrically "How was that, my dearest darling?"
She replied "It was wonderful my precious."
My cock stuck out like a pole.
She said "My lawful husband will now prepare my lover's cock."
Henry squeezed out a generous amount of the KY onto his hand and applied it onto my cock. I took more KY and spread it around her rose bud. I then parted her buttocks wide and directed the head of my cock towards her rose bud.
I applied a little pressure and slowly inserted my cock. I waited to make sure that she was okay with my cock inside her arse. She made no protest and seemed to be enjoying me deflowering her anus. A quarter of my penis was inside her rear cavity.
I said "Prepare for fuller entry."
Then with one thrust I went in as far as I could. Vicky gasped. I waited for her to get accustomed to my member being in her tight orifice. Her body shivered and then I pulled out almost all the way.
I thrust making her scream out "Don't stop, my darling."
I thrust in small jabs inside her tight channel. I was delighted that I was giving her great pleasure and that Henry and the voyeurs were watching.
Vicky shouted "Don't stop fucking my bum. Give it to me harder!"
I was near my orgasm. I was taking Vicky into anal heaven with a frenzy of short powerful jabs. I groaned and shot my load. The voyeurs and the 2 cuckolds applauded. I pulled my cock out and Vicky rose. She, Henry and I joined hands and bowed.
Vicky told Henry "I want you to clean my lover's cock. It is dangerous for an anal fouled cock to enter a pussy."
Henry did as commanded and cleaned my cock.
REVENGE PART 3
Henry arranged with the 3 prize winners the dates when they would get to ravish his wife. Vicky would service the 2 cuckolds. Unwittingly they were getting payback for Henry sleeping with their wives. Henry appreciated that he had helped organise this payback.
The full complexity of Vicky's plan was not yet evident.
She would cuckold the cuckold vaginally with 3 other men and anally and vaginally with me. But none of us knew that, once she had done that then she would settle back to a normal marital relationship with Henry.
THE END OF THE AFFAIR
She ended our affair, saying "It was just tit for tat. Henry never wanted to leave me and I certainly don't want to miss out on his monster cock. But he needed to know that I am not a doormat.
He knows that if he betrays me you will move in with me.
He knows your cock and my bum hole are designed for each other. They are a perfect fit. His cock is only designed for my mouth and vagina. Henry knows that I am only too willing to repeat that night."
I said "And so I was his best friend and Rosie was your best friend. Did Henry fuck Rosie's arse?"
Vicky said "He wanted to, but she refused. No woman wants a 10 inches of rampant cock up her bum. Your cock is just right. I thoroughly enjoyed it."
MY EX BEST FRIEND
Henry and I were once the best of friends but we now rarely meet. His boss smiles at him in a knowing way, which infuriates Henry. His rugby team mate does the same. But overall he seems happier than before Rosie told Vicky about his seduction of her.
Me, I often wank recalling fucking Vicky's arse. I rather hope that Henry does stray.