I'd been calling her my Forest Nymph because I actually didn't know her name. Yet. I'd seen her hiking alone a few months ago when it was still somewhat warm in the afternoon. I'd been out taking wildlife pictures on my day off, something I'd been doing on an amateur level for years now. My job was stressful and getting away from it all was my way of decompressing and immersing myself in the opposite of the hectic day to day work and family demands.
Then I saw her naked. She hadn't seen me and I cursed myself for not being quick enough with my SLR to get off a few shots. No pun. I had been out more often than usual in hopes of catching my lovely and alluring Forest Nymph.
Once, we passed each other in opposite directions and smiled and nodded, but it was obvious she'd been leaving for the area parking lot. I wondered if she lived near me, which was just a 20 minute drive from the vast woodland reserve.
Strawberry blonde, tanned, long legs and shapely hips, perfectly shaped breasts capped with erect nipples in that few seconds glimpse I'd had during my first encounter. I'd not been lucky enough again to catch her like that again. Granted, I knew how that would appear to her, if she'd caught me watching her...but shrugged it off. I wasn't some lecherous pervert or would-be rapist. But I was very interested in what she was doing, among other things.
So...this had become my new obsession. I'd woken up many mornings very early, my cock achingly hard with remnants of a dream about her, my exquisitely sexy Forest Nymph. I'd stroke my cock, teasing it, but never finished.
Now fall arrived, the weather becoming much cooler and threatening the eventual first light snow, that harbinger of the coming winter. Which made me sad because I doubted she'd be out here then...especially naked.
Feeling wistful and a little blue, I ventured out on a sunny Saturday afternoon, the temperature in the mid 50s. It wasn't supposed to hit beyond the 60s later. I'd brought my trusty Nikon and left my jacket unzipped, relishing the crisp fall air. As was my usual, I took the trail to one of my favorite spots, overlooking a glade surrounded by tall trees and bushes. I'd gotten good pictures from that vantage point, plus on a clear day I could see the lake beyond. My first and only time seeing her was in this area, not counting the time we'd passed each other on the trails.
As I settled in, snapping off a few test shots, I saw her. My breath quickened and heart thudded in my excitement. God, it had been months! Maybe work or family demands kept her away, or our timing had prevented this from happening. But...here she was! Like me, she wore jeans and a jacket over a sweater, and hiking shoes. She also carried a camera of her own. How interesting!
Unlike me at the moment, though, she set down the camera on a nearby tree stump, and after a casual looking around to ensure she was alone, she began to disrobe.
My mouth watered. Eyes widened. My God, she was utterly enchanting and ravishingly arousing. She folded and draped her clothes over a large fallen tree next to the stump. Fiddled with the camera, turned, and posed. I wasn't close enough to see her eyes clearly but knew doing this was a secretly fun thing for her. Maybe she got aroused doing this. Who wouldn't? I was throbbing hard inside my jeans right now.
Raising the camera to my eye, I zoomed in and took a few pics. Lowered it, and absently reached down with one hand to rub my cock through my pants. I needed to get closer, but without her seeing me.
Carefully and as quietly as I could, I made my way down towards the clearing below. I stopped just along the outer perimeter of trees and brush. She'd moved to straddle the log, back arched, head tossed back. Her breasts thrust out, erect nipples protruding slightly up and out, and I moaned under my breath. My cock twinged, pushing almost painfully against the zipper of my jeans. My eyes roved over her smooth tanned body, fixed suddenly on the delicious strip of trimmed dark blonde pubic hair. Fuck, she was beautiful...a true goddess of the forest glade!
Suddenly she leaned back, one hand propped behind her on the log, while her other hand began to drift up her right inner thigh and delicately tease her tender reddish pink labia lips. Fingertips grazed and probed, glistening with her juices. Encircled her engorged clit. She moaned aloud. Eyes squeezed shut.
I hadn't realized I'd already unbuttoned my jeans. I'd lowered the SLR to the ground by my feet, and pulled out my own engorged member. My cockhead was swollen, bulbous, and already damp at the tip, oozing viscous precum. I gripped myself with one hand and gently stroked my thick length, veins protuberantly pronounced, and bit my lip. I smeared the slippery lubricant over and around my blunt tip, stifling another groan of impending ecstasy and sheer erotic pleasure. My eyes riveted to her as her hand worked more deftly now, slipping two fingers inside her hot tight slit, gently pumping, as I stroked myself faster, unconsciously matching her rhythm.
My Forest Nymph raised herself off the log by mere inches, hips undulating, her eyes half-lidded but gleaming with lust, and her chest rose and fell quickly as her orgasm rapidly approached. I wanted to wait, even though I was so close, but desperately needed to cum with her.
Inexplicably, I saw her eyes locked on mine. I hadn't been sure how she'd spotted me, about a dozen or so yards away, partially screened by the brush...but she had. I expected her to sit bolt upright, scream in shock and horror, and cover her nudity with her arms. Or grab her clothes and camera, and run away, face burning red from a mix of anger, shame, and embarrassment.
Instead, she kept masturbating, even more feverishly than before. She cried out shrilly and came, writhing atop the log, gushing sweet nectar over her fingers. A fine sheen of perspiration coated her flesh.
Seconds after her, I groaned gutturally, hand gripping my cock after several hard jerks and exploded onto the forest floor. Long creamy arcs shot out like miniature white geysers, splattering the fallen pine needles in front of me. I shuddered as I continued to squeeze out every delicious drop. My cock softened as I wiped a few stray droplets onto my underwear. When I looked up, she had left the log and had begun to grab her clothes. But she didn't get dressed immediately and didn't seem bothered by my intrusion of her private time in nature.
I buttoned up my jeans and felt idiotic, unsure what to say or do...or if I should just walk away. Then I noticed her looking my way. She was smiling mischievously. She stepped into her jeans and slipped her sweater over her head. Her eyes glittered with amusement. She bit her lip.
"So...are you going to come out and say hello, introduce yourself, or what?"
Grinning, I picked up my camera and walked out into the clearing over to her.