Sometimes... when you think you've got it all figured out... some little thing, a little something so inane that you'd never think it would mean anything... pops up, and then...
What does a woman do when she has nothing else to do...?
The Mall.
But first... she needed her car to start... what with Kim having to get to Junior High cheerleading practice, which took place even during vacation week.
After numerous attempts, she called her husband.
"What am I going to do?" he asked, his annoyance obvious, "Call Eddie and have him check it out."
"Why didn't I think of that?" she scolded herself, as she made the call.
Eddie had been her family's mechanic forever, as his father had before him. Because of that and because she considered him to be the best mechanic in town, no matter how busy he was... he made himself available to her and would always go out of his way to get whichever of her vehicles needed fixing, done right and done quickly.
As I later learned... much later, there was also some history here, something I knew nothing about.
But it wasn't what you'd expect.
Eddie was a, "Junior," his father wanting to pass the business on to a son... while saving money on the advertising. (Eddie's Auto Repair was, after all, "... an institution in town," Elle declared) Eddie Jr had no such compunctions. If he had a son, and the kid wanted to join the business, he'd just add, "... and Son," onto the sign.
His son Jason was born with oil in his veins and cam shafts for bones... but Eddie knew, when his son was delivered... there wouldn't be a, "... the Third."
Jason's mother would see to that.
All of that had gone for naught because, by the time he was in 7th grade, Jason's attachment to his father's side had earned him the nickname "Trey" by his father's friends and customers.
Even Mom thought it was "cute."
Two years older than her daughter Kim, Elle had always found Trey to be polite, helpful and very knowledgeable about whatever car problems she might have been having at the time of her visits to the garage. Since they lived on adjacent streets, she'd also noticed that he had grown quite handsome as he entered his teen years. That was never more evident than that Friday morning when her car wouldn't start.
Ten minutes later Trey showed up driving the shop's wrecker.
A minute after that he'd jump started her car, but cautioned Elle that she needed to drive straight to the garage. "The battery is just about dead," he told her, "so I'll drop Kim off at the school and then meet you there. Dad should have a new battery installed by then."
Kim hadn't said a word, her mouth hanging open, her eyes as big as saucers.
Elle drove to Eddie's where Eddie was waiting. A quick battery change and she was ready to go. As she started to get into her car, Eddie stopped her and asked, "Hey... could you drop Jason off at the high school? He has basketball practice."
"Doesn't he have a car?" she inquired with a giggle, which was meant as a tease about the car shop owners' kid... not having his own car.
"Not yet," his father answered with a smile, "he's only fifteen."
Before she could reply to that, Trey returned with the wrecker, jumped out, handed the keys to his dad and after a quick shake of his head, walked over to her car. "Thanks son," Eddie called out, which earned a, "It was nothing," wave from Trey.
While they drove the short distance to the high school, Trey sat next to her, his eyes straight ahead, not saying a word. Finally, Elle asked, "Your dad lets you drive the truck... but you're only fifteen. If the police see you, won't you get in trouble?"
Still not looking at her, he answered, "Nah, they know dad is busy and know I won't do anything stupid."
Dropping him off, she thanked him for his help, which caused him to finally turn and look at her. "You're welcome... but it was my pleasure," with a great smile.
As she watched him walk into the building... she wondered what he'd meant by that? Was it her...? Nah..., It had to have been something he'd seen in Kim, even though she'd only recently turned fourteen. She'd ask her daughter what, if anything, Trey had said to her. Maybe that would answer her question.
She didn't need to ask Kim because, her cell phone "dinged" as she was driving up to the house, Kim leaving a voice mail that breathlessly asked, "Gawd is he gorgeous or what! Did he say anything about me?"
Kim was very disappointed when she got home later... that Trey had barely said anything to either of them.
With Trey still around some of the time, his athletic abilities in constant demand at the high school, Eddie instituted a policy at the garage that he would give his customers an appointment and they would drop their vehicle off... but then they would have to leave. This way he didn't have people hanging around talking to him, interfering in his work. Those in need of a ride after dropping the car off, were given an early morning time, leaving Trey to drop them back off at their home, before he went to school.
So why would this change of policy have any effect on my and Elle's relationship?
A little more than five months later... Todd walked back into the kitchen, two minutes after he's left for work, and said, "I'm taking your car... now mine won't start."
Snatching the keys off the hook where they hung, he disappeared out the door... and didn't return. Kim and TJ stood looking at their mother, all three thinking, "How do we get to school?"
But this time Elle didn't hesitate, calling Eddie and explaining the problem.
"Be there in seven minutes," he promised.
And again, it was Trey who showed up driving the wrecker. And this time... the car wouldn't start.
TJ had to be at school first... so Trey put him in the truck and drove him to school... after first showing Elle his new driver's license. Then he drove Elle to school, before driving back to the house, where he put Todd's car on the hook and driving Kim with him back to the garage, before trading the wrecker for his Chevy Camaro.
Kim's phone didn't stop for a week, as all her friends wanted to know how she ended up walking into school late... with Trey carrying her book bag.
All of this was happening while Elle was transforming into the newly emancipated, "Exhibitionist Goddess," now unafraid to expose herself anywhere and anytime she felt the urge.
However, without the safely net of prior experience... she was playing a very dangerous game.
Now, with school out, but Summer School starting the following Monday, Elle having been chosen by Leo, the then, outgoing Principal, to teach one of the coveted classes, given that it paid very good money for twelve hours of teaching a week, for five weeks. Since the students were released on Wednesday, she had four days of late June to relax.
That night, Todd told her he'd made an appointment to have the oil changed in her car for Thursday morning.
"But..." she started to say.
"But nothing," he continues, "your car is overdue for the oil change, brake check, tire rotation... whatever. It needs to be done."
She called her friend Kathy and told her she might be late getting to the beach... and then explained. Kathy promised to wait for her.
Later, sitting and watching TV, she realized that, despite summer vacation, Trey would probably still be giving her a ride home after she dropped off the car... and that got her mind working.
With a 7:30 appointment already booked, Todd off to work, TJ at his friend Kyle's house and Kim probably sleeping until noon, Elle carefully dressed herself... but not because she was worried about who else might be at the garage at that time, but rather to see how Trey would react.
Like I said, "Without the safety net of past experience..."
When she drove up, Trey was standing in the open doorway, hands in his pockets, looking like a young Heath Ledger. Getting out of the car, she threw him the keys, his one-handed stab probably saving her from having to replace the office window. Shaking his head, he disappeared into the garage, reappearing a moment later and led her to his Camaro, where he opened and held the door for her.
Once in the driver's seat, he looked at her and said, "Good morning." But when he looked at her, she couldn't help but notice that his eyes lingered... for a longer moment than all the other times she'd been in his presence combined.
She'd chosen her clothing well.
An oversized, pink, Red Sox tank top that I'd "customized" for her, cutting off all of the sewn edges, opening the arm holes so they were cut almost to the, now, raw edges of the bottom hem and cutting an 8" slash right down the middle of the front. She'd accessorized the top with tiny, white, running shorts and her white, Nike, running shoes.
She'd decided to wear nothing else.
With his eyes still on her, she smiled back and said, "Good morning to you too... and thank you."
Cocking his head, he asked, "For what?"
Rolling her eyes, she giggled and said, "For keeping my keys from breaking your father's window."
He just smiled... while continuing to examine...
No..., as she told Kathy, his consideration of her had gone so far beyond that... he was now, "... licking me with his eyes."
A moment later he started the car and she was home in five minutes... with him never saying another word.
"Thank you," she said with her best smile, as she got out of the car. As she walked a few steps away, she heard his window come down and then, "Your car should be done in an hour. Will you be ready for me to pick you up then?"
Turning, she walked to the open window, leaned in so her face was inches from his... and said, "I'm ready now."
Turning, she stood up and walked away, positive that Trey was watching her ass.
He called forty-five minutes later to tell her the car was ready. "Can you give me ten minutes?" she asked.
"See you in fifteen," he answered.
She then called Kathy and asked her to pick her up at Eddie's in twenty minutes.
Luckily for Elle, Kim still wasn't awake, or her plan would have been spoiled. Leaving a note for her daughter, she walked outside and waited for Trey.
He was right on time.
But rather than getting right out... he sat in his car looking at her through the windshield, his head cocked to the right.
After a few moments, he opened his door and got out, but once again, he stood and just looked at her.
Putting a hand on her right hip, she looked back at him and asked, "What?"
Slowly shaking his head, he moved around the car and opening her door. Smiling she asked, "Do you have room for my stuff?"
"Of course," he answered, walking over to her and picking up her beach bag and folding chair. She walked ahead of him to the car, again sure he was looking at her ass... because this time it was fully on display!
She'd gone for a run, her desire to seduce Trey so strong she knew she needed to exhaust herself in order to not make that mistake.
It had almost worked.
Then, after showering and standing naked in front of her full-length mirror, she looked at the bathing suit she'd chosen to wear to the beach with Kathy... and knew she couldn't wear it. No matter how wrong it was... she needed to see the look of want on his face... to know that she'd captivated him.
The worst part...?
Even though she would never admit it... she was partially doing it to prove to herself that she was more alluring than Kim... or any of the other girls at the high school.
She was wearing a bikini that I had bought her online. It was one of three that I'd purchased, the company operating out of Brazil... where bikinis were a state of mind rather than a fashion statement. Elle's state of mind was... "Make him remember this morning."
It was what the company called a, "Slingshot" bikini. Hot Pink in color, the top was two suspenders like strips of material that were ¾ of an inch wide. The top attached to a tiny G-string bottom, which was only one inch wide in the front, a length of like color spaghetti strap connecting through her crotch and around her hips. The entire thing all one piece.
Oh... and it was made of a very sheer fishnet material.
In a moment of modesty, she'd put on a beach cover up... which had been made of an even more revealing sheer material. Altogether, the material hid nothing, every part of her body exposed.
After putting the bag and chair in his trunk, he walked back and closed her door. Getting in on his side, he looked at her... shook his head again and asked, "Going to the beach?"
Before she could answer, he started the car and drove quickly back to the garage, never giving her a chance to say anything.
Kathy was there already, parked next to Elle's car, which was under a tree in the side yard. Before she could ask him if it was alright for her to pick the car up later... he drove over to where Kathy had parked, pulling in next to her, passenger door next to passenger door, hopped out, opened both doors and helped her out.
Kathy was wearing a horrified look on her face, as Trey leaned in and asked if she could open her tailgate. She did and he grabbed Elle's bag and chair, putting them into the back of the minivan, before closing the tailgate. He walked back to Elle's door and said, "The keys are in it and you can leave it here as long as you want. Dad's already billed your credit card, so you're all set for another thirty-five hundred miles. Thanks, and have a great time at the beach."
Before she could thank him, he was around the front of his car and backing up across the lot.
She looked at Kathy and smiled... getting a, "What the fuck are you doing!" in return.
She started to explain...
By one in the afternoon... after lying on the beach for three hours... then going to lunch at a seaside bar... where they drank a pitcher of Sangria... Kathy had to agree with Elle... that Trey really was a hunk!
And she also couldn't believe that he'd said nothing to her about what she'd been wearing, both times she'd driven with him that morning.
Elle had packed the original bikini she'd chosen to wear and had changed into it while driving to the beach. Kathy had thanked her for that.
It would be two more years before they needed to call Eddie for anything more than normal maintenance, which Todd had handled. By now, Elle had passed the minivan on to Kim and had gotten a small SUV. It was Kim's car having the problem. She'd caught a ride to school with her father, who also dropped TJ off, Elle left at home to wait for Eddie, she was sure, to pick her and the car up.
She was pleasantly surprised when it was Trey that arrived in the wrecker... but disappointed that she hadn't, at least, taken the chance it might be him... and dressed less appropriately for school.
His maturing wasn't a surprise to her, the fact that they lived on adjoining street meant that she'd watched him drive past any number of times and the pictures of him in the Sports section of the local newspaper more than conveyed his growth.
Having him step out of the truck to open her door did, however, grant her the opportunity to examine that maturity up close.
She couldn't resist...
"Wow look at you, you're all grown up. God, you've really matured since the last time I saw you."
Looking at her, he smiled and said, "Thank you... and look at you... you haven't changed a bit... still as beautiful as ever."
Still standing at the door, she was stunned twofold by his declaration. First, by the fact that he'd responded in a mature and yet teasingly delightful way. Second, that his compliment was given when she was dressed for work, no effort given to seducing him.
She just stood there smiling at him.
He helped her into the truck and upon getting to the school, opened the door and helped her out.
That happened in front of two of the younger teachers, both of whom stopped and stood open mouthed on the sidewalk.
Both Elle and Trey noticed, both smiling and nodding at the young women.
The staff room was abuzz by the time Elle arrived, even Leo chuckling when she entered. "First it was the "Storyteller," he said loud enough for all to hear, "and now it's the driver of a tow truck. Your life is a front-page story for "The Enquirer" every other week Mrs. Adams."
Everyone started to applaud, Elle laughing and then taking a bow.
Kathy gave her a ride to Eddie's after school, Elle disappointed that Trey wasn't there. She picked Kim up at the high school, Kim disappointed that it wasn't Trey, although she already knew that because she'd had cheerleading practice, the girls all spending their time watching him rather than practicing.
Whatever might have happened from there was suddenly detoured by the death of Trey's cousin in Iraq. Two years older, Joey and Trey were inseparable as youths, both interested in cars, sports and all things outdoors. Joey had graduated and enlisted in the Army. His intention was to serve his tour, gain whatever experience he could and then use the GI Bill to further his education in Engineering.
A roadside bomb and ended that.
Now Trey, with the offer of a full athletic scholarship to a local University with a great "Engineering School" reputation, as he and Joey had discussed a joint venture as soon as they'd both graduated, renounced the scholarship and against his family's wishes, joined the Army himself.
Right after graduation, he entered Basic Training and Elle didn't see him again for almost two years. He'd come home on leave after finishing that training, but Eddie hadn't told anyone, Trey having spent the time with his folks and a few friends.
Not that she'd forgotten about him, her trips to his dad's garage always included a stop into the office to inquire as to where he was and how he was doing. But she found even that a little odd, because Eddie had no pictures or newspaper clippings... or anything that pertained to Trey on display at all. Knowing how private Eddie was, she let it pass, relying on the local newspaper to provide updates on where he was. All of those indicated he'd risen quickly in rank and was working his way through, "Special Forces" school.
And it wasn't as though she'd been pining away for him the whole time either. Our affair was in full bloom, she still had Kim and TJ to mother, and she'd taken to running to keep herself fit. She'd even entered a few local 5K and 10K road races, finishing fast enough to entertain suggestions that she train for the Boston Marathon.
Her favorite training route involved a rotating track that would see her run either east or west out of her driveway, and then a meandering path for almost five miles, that would finish with a sprint along the loop that went up the street where Eddie's family house was located and finally to her own house. She especially like running past Eddie's house because the house next to and diagonally across the street from Eddie's were owned by older gentlemen, both of whom must have had some sort of "early waring" system, as both of them would unvaryingly be out in front of their homes when she would run past.
The reason...?
As you might have guessed, it was her running attire... or rather what her running attire exposed, that had garnered her their attention.
When she started this exercise program, she'd worn whatever the weather and time of day dictated. But after the men started to appear day after day... after day, she realized how much fun... and truth be told... how titillating it would be to give them a show, whenever the right climate conditions presented themselves. That pretty much included all late Spring, Summer and most of the Fall.
She's even refined the, "Art of Exhibitionism," to the point of wearing a, "Fanny Pack," in which she would bring a skimpy pair of shorts and even skimpier top. Since both her and Eddie's streets were adjoining, "Tear Drop" shaped loops, Eddie's house at the 12:00 position, hers at 3:00, she need only to detour into a small corps of tress just before turning the corner to the side of Eddie's house, make a quick change, and then continue past the three homes... where the two men would be out... hand watering the lawns... after a night long rain!
If need be, she would then change back into her original garments and finish her run.
In her, almost, nineteen months of running, she'd never seen either Eddie, or his wife, at their house.
Which was why, on a Friday morning in early-August, at the end of a nice run... and a quick detour into the trees near Eddie's house to change for her two favorite voyeurs... she was surprised to see Eddie's wrecker parked at the end of their driveway.
She was even more surprised when the driver's side door opened, and Trey stepped out of the vehicle.
She forgot about the two old guys.
Stopping at the end of the driveway, she looked at him and said, "Hi..."
Walking towards her, he smiled and said, "Hi back at you."
After a quick... but not, for her, unemotional embrace, she held him at arm's length and said, "God... look at you... so grown up and so..."
It wasn't that she was tongue tied, but she didn't know how to say what she wanted to say... because she was sure she'd sound like a thirteen-year-old!
He's matured, but not to the point of looking like a grown man. With his military haircut, the extra weight he'd put on, the tautness of every part of his body... it still couldn't hide the fact that he was just twenty.
"What do I look like?" he asked, snapping her out of her reverie.
"You look like you... and that's more than enough for me to try and keep myself from babbling on and on," she finally commented.
"Well, that being the case... you still look like you."
The compliment suddenly made her feel like... she'd just run five miles, in the early morning heat and humidity, and she probably looked like a drowned rat!
But she couldn't say that, so she just said, "Thank you."
They stood there for a moment, just looking at one another... and the Trey said, "Well, it's really nice to see you... I've got to bring the truck to the garage... but... could you... maybe stop at the shop later this afternoon? I've got some stuff I have to do... but I'd also like to talk to you. Would that be possible?"
Looking at him, she shrugged and said, "Sure, what time later this afternoon?"
"I don't know... maybe 4:30... 5:00?"
"Okay, I'm going to the beach, but I'll be back long before then... so I'll see you there."
Worst day of the summer for Kathy.
Elle was ready to leave before they got to the beach. Had they been going to the Town Beach... Kathy would have turned around and dropped her off. But they'd been planning this day for two weeks so...
But that now seemed like a really bad idea, because it was nonstop, "What would he want to talk about? What should I wear? What if he wants to take me out...? What?... What?... What...?
"What the fuck do you think he wants!" an exasperated Kathy finally shouted, "he wants to fuck you! You've been showing off everything you've got to him since he was fifteen... so he's probably been jerking off... thinking about getting into your pants for the past five years! Jesus Elle... it ain't rocket science!"
"You think so?"
Kathy nearly drove off the road, her eyes closed and shaking her head at Elle's naivete.
They'd decided to go to Jamestown, on Conanicut Island, which is adjacent to Aquidneck Island, where Newport is located. Nice quiet little spot... very quiet, which meant that Kathy had to listen to Elle spell out every scenario that she felt might arise and then whatever contingencies that Elle would devise in whatever case.
By noontime, Kathy had decided that was she was either going to abandon Elle, drive into Jamestown, find a bar and get drunk... or offer Elle to the three young boys who'd been sitting on a very large rock behind where they'd been sunning for at least forty-five minutes, Elle's bikini holding their attention like nothing they'd even seen before.
"If I didn't think they'd all suffer from a heart attack... I'd tell you to stand up and wave to them. But then we'd have to sit around and fill out police reports and you'd be late getting to Eddie's. I'm not going to bed tonight until you call me and let me know what happened."
"Stand up and wave to who?" the confused question.
"The three Peeping Toms..." came the answer.
Giving her friend a strange look... Elle asked, "Peeping Toms?"
Standing up, she turned and looked. The three boys, and they were boys... couldn't have been more than fifty feet away.
Kathy had driven to Beavertail State Park, where there wasn't a beach per se... but there were any number of tiny bits of shoreline where one could lay in relative isolation.
Or so she thought.
These boys had probably been using that rock as an observation point, just as generations of their forebearers had done, by hearing about it from their older brothers or friends. I doubt any of those generations had encountered anyone dressed like Elle.
This bikini, another from the Brazilian website, was made from ten strips of red spaghetti strings. The strings had been fashioned into a bikini by sewing eight of the strings to the longest lengths, creating three "triangles," two of which outlined her areola and nipples, the third her perfectly shaved vagina. That was all there was to the "garment."
Elle stood, tiny smile of her lips, looking at the boys.
The boys, probably no older than fourteen, sat open mouthed, just staring at her.
Kathy, knowing that Elle would probably stand there for a half hour, waiting for someone to do or say something, solved the standoff by shouting, "Get out of here you little perverts or I'll call the Park Rangers!"
That was it for the beach, Kathy having taken the precaution of bringing a modest cover-up for Elle, drove into Jamestown where the two of them had a nice, outdoor patio lunch, which now included that customary pitcher of Sangria.
She had Elle home at 3:00, with more than enough time to prepare for her "date" with Trey.
"Call me TONIGHT!" Kathy's final words.
Kathy had also cautioned Elle about her wardrobe for the "date" with Trey. "You'll be going to his father's shop to meet him... and Eddie might still be there, so you'd better be careful about what you wear because you don't want to start anything that might cause talk in town."
Taking the advice to heart, Elle wore a cute sundress... which while demure, accented all her womanly assets.
When she arrived at the shop, Trey was standing in front of a set of open doors, pointing for her to bring her car inside the garage.
She thought nothing of following his directions.
Once inside, she turned off the motor and waited as he closed the doors behind her and then stepped over to her car and opened the door for her.
"Hey..." with a big smile, "Thank you for coming."
With a smile of her own, Elle pointed at him and replied, "Why wouldn't I? You go away for two years, come back and ask me to meet you... so you could, "discuss," something with me."
Now doing a slow pirouette, she asked, "But why the closed doors?"
Trey stepped back, kind of hanging his head... before shyly admitting, "My boys are getting out of work about now and they'll all be wanting to drop by and say hello. I wanted a few minutes of your time... to ask you about some things that I've been thinking about... things that will embarrass me to ask... but hopefully things that won't embarrass you if you chose to answer."
Shrugging, she smiled again and admitted, "That seems fair."
Leading her to a door in front of her car, he opened it and they stepped into an office/storeroom that she never knew existed. The office was to her right and big enough for a desk, chair and a couch. The storeroom was to her left, through a large open archway.
The office also solved the mystery as to why there were no pictures of Trey in the "outer office..." this private office a shrine to Eddie's son.
Pictures and stories that dated from his Little League, Pop Warner Football and Town Youth Basketball days, through his High School exploits and into all his military experiences... at least those that had been publicized.
"Wow!" was all she could say.
"I know," he deadpanned, "this is really embarrassing!"
As she perused the clippings and stories, she asked, "So what was it that you wanted to talk about?"
Standing at the side of the desk, he hesitated... kind of stammered for a moment and again offered an apology, before asking a question.
"I'm sorry I even started this... I mean I shouldn't have bothered you... I really have no right..."
Elle turned from the picture, tilting her head to the left, put her hands on her hips and demanded... "Trey... ask me the damn questions!"
He immediately spit it out... "Do you always dress like that?"
"Dress like what?" she answered.
Stammering again, "Well... like... well... not like you are now... that's really nice, but... you know..."
"No Trey, I'm sorry but I don't know?" her voice even.
"Geez Mrs. Adams... this is hard... you know, like you were this afternoon."
She looked at him with a confused look, then realized what he meant.
The outfit she'd changed into for her two, "admirers," was a tank top that I'd cropped... until there was so little of it... that her bottom of her boobs were exposed, even when she was standing still. But when she was running...! Her shorts were from the same Brazilian company that made the bikinis and so tight that the front showed off her perfect, "Camel Toe," and the back displayed half of her ass cheeks.
Typical of what she'd wear for her, "boys."
But Trey wouldn't know that.
"You mean like this afternoon when I was running? Trey, it's summertime and it's hot and I'm out running in this heat. Should I wear long johns and a winter jacket?"
"No ma'am, but you'll have to admit that there wasn't much to what you were wearing... and to be honest... I'll have to say that you don't seem to wear a lot when you're not working."
This was not going where she thought, hoped, it might.
But she could give it a nudge in the right direction.
"Well, I wear what I want when I'm not working because I don't have a Dress Code. Is that something that offends you?"
Nudge... and the stammering was gone.
"No... none of that offends me... but if you looked like... and please don't take this any way other than the way I'm saying it... but if you looked like all of the other women around here, no one would notice or care what you wear. But you don't look like any of the other women... or even the girls... you are something altogether different."
"Okay... I guess," she replied, "and I appreciate what you're trying to tell me. But I'm different how? And there are lots of beautiful women... and girls, "... around here," so what is it that makes me different from all of them?"
Moving around the desk, he sat on the front edge, now an arm's length from where she was standing.
With a slight smile, he looked directly into her eyes and said, "Confidence."
As she was telling me all of this, much of it while we were sitting having lunch on one of our, "Summertime," dates, it was impossible for me know how she saw herself in this circumstance. While she was obviously guilty of manipulating Trey with her demeanor and her exhibitionism, I know that she honestly felt that neither of those two misdeeds had done anything to him... other than to get her to where she was at that moment. But truth be told, this was exactly where she'd wanted to get him... from the first moment she'd realized that want!
He was a boy, now man, that she'd wanted and now...
But then something occurred to her, something that, until that moment, she hadn't given a thought to... so she asked.
"Now I have a question for you. This afternoon... were you waiting for me?"
Head back down, but with a smile, he said, "Waiting for you?"
"Yes, parked at the end of the driveway... you were waiting for me weren't you."
Lifting his head, the smile still there, he snorted a laugh and said, "Guilty."
Now she was confused, "But why? How would you know I'd be running past your house?"
"Advanced intelligence," he responded... then continuing before she could interrupt... "My mother and I have had a running conversation about you... and, as she like to call them, "... those two old fools...," that come out to watch your run pass our house. She also mentioned that you sometimes wear running clothes that even she finds, "revealing." Anyway, she was headed to the grocery store and saw you running out on Sawyer... so she called me with, "... a forward observation report."
"And I thought no one was ever home..." Elle mumbled to no one in particular.
She then took a step forward and put her right index finger under Trey's chin...
His eyes grew wide... especially when she crooked that finger... pulling his head forward with it and kissing him lightly on the lips.
Before he could react, she stepped back, reaching behind her back and unzipped her dress. Shrugging the straps off her shoulders, she let the top fall to her waist, her breasts now fully exposed.
His eyes grew wide and he stood... but was still hesitant... when a car horn sounded outside the building and voice called out, "Hey... shit for brains... you in there?"
The air went out of both of them... and then, looking at one another... they burst out laughing.
"Yo... Edward the Third...," now a different voice, "get your sorry ass out here... you have important people waiting to bust your balls!"
Elle, still giggling, took both of Trey's hands and placed them on her breasts. Wrapping her arms around his neck she stood on her toes and kissed him passionately on the lips, her tongue searching for and finding his.
He kissed her back just as passionately, his right hand fondling her breasts, while his left hand reached down and grabbed her ass, helping to hold her up as they continued to kiss.
"Come on fuck face... what are you doing in there...?" as the sound of a second car could be heard in the lot.
Breaking away, Trey shook his head... mumbled, "I knew this would happen," then looked at Elle and said, "I'm going to go out through the front, but I'll leave the garage doors ready to open. Wait till I get these guys out of here and then you can just push open the doors and leave... after you shut them."
Leaning over and kissing her again, he pulled her top up, turned her and zipped up the dress, all while asking, "Is it possible for you to come back here... if you want to... maybe later tonight? I mean..."
Placing her finger on his lips... she whispered, "What time?"
"Nine... no... at 8:30?"
"Where do I park?"
Exhaling deeply, Trey answered, "The doors will be open, but there won't be any lights on."
Before she could say another word, he turned, unbolted the two doors, gave her a slight wave and walked out through the front office.
She heard much rowdy yelling, insults hurled and backslapping as his buddies greeted Trey. She grew misty eyed at the obvious affection that these young men held for one another, a testament to all of them...
But she really wished that they'd saved it for tomorrow!
Once all the cars left, she pushed open the doors and backed out of the garage. Getting out of her car, she pushed the doors closed and drove away.
On her way home she called Kathy, explained what had happened and asked her to call her house right away, "... because Todd will still be home... and ask for me. Since I'm not there, just tell him you spoke to Judy and she wants us to meet her at 7:00 and go out to dinner. TJ has a game, so Todd will be taking him, but if you wait two minutes, I'll be walking in while you're still on the phone."
When Elle walked in the house, Todd said nothing to her... just handed her the phone.
AT 6:30, after another shower and much primping... Elle left the house and met Kathy at a small local Coffee Shop. From there, they drove to the bar where Judy still bartended. Without naming who, Kathy spilled the beans when Judy asked why Elle was, "... dressed to kill."
Two martinis later... and after much discussion between the three schoolteachers, Elle needed a glass of water so she could safely get to her rendezvous, armed with advice from both women on how to "... totally destroy that boy sexually!"
She had her own plan.
At 8:30, with the sky almost dark, Elle turned into the lot and saw the two doors opening, the only light coming from the back office behind the service bay. She drove in, Trey walking behind her car and closing the doors.
Knowing that Todd and TJ would be home by the time she had finished off the unsuspecting Trey, she'd brought a change of clothes with her. She'd changed in Kathy's car on the way to the bar, which is why Judy had asked, "Why are you dressed to kill?"
Now she waited in the car for Trey to open her door, something he'd been taught by his father since he was a boy.
He didn't disappoint.
Stepping out of the car... neither did she.
When she'd walked into the bar, she was wearing a skintight, metallic silver, mini skirt, which barely covered her ass, and a deeply cut, matte black, cowl front blouse, which was also backless. Five-inch black leather slides finished off the ensemble. I can describe it because I'd purchased it for her, from an on-line store, earlier in the year.
The only adjustment she'd made in the interim... was to loosen the straps holding up her top, the effort exposing even more of her chest.
Dressed in cargo shorts and a t-shirt, Trey shook his head and said, "As always, I find myself under dressed... and you look, as always, spectacular!"
Elle smiled at that and said, "Thank you...," as she stepped into the open doorway... "but I believe that... "Beauty is always in the eye of the beholder," and in my opinion... you'd look beautiful in a potato sack!"
Wrapping an arm around her waist, Trey bent and kissed her, the kiss lingering, Elle wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him deeply... both using their tongues to search for places in the other's mouths that their own tongues couldn't reach.
Both were successful.
Now he reached down and picked her up, his right arm under her knees, his left arm supporting her back... while she continued to kiss him as he carried her to the couch in his father's office. Turning, he reached for a champagne bottle that was sitting in a metal pail full of ice on the desk. Popping the cork, he poured two glasses of the bubbly fluid into Styrofoam cups, a smile followed by, "Romantic huh," before handing her the cup.
"To you," he intoned, tilting his cup to hers.
Smiling, she reached up and touched the lip of her cup to his... replying, "To the grown up you. Thank you for always treating me with respect and consideration."
Drinking the entire contents of the cup, Trey crushed it, dropped it into the waste basket next to the desk and said, "You have no idea how long I've waited for this moment."
Elle laughed... and replied by standing, swallowing the remains of her drink, crushed the cup and threw it at the basket...
It missed.
But she made up for it by reaching for... and pulling off Trey's shirt... following that up by unbuttoning and unzipping his shorts, throwing those on the floor next to his shirt... then bending and taking his rock-hard cock into her mouth.
Nothing he would do could cause her to stop sucking on him, her only desire at this point was having him cum in her mouth.
Grabbing his ass, she pulled him forward until she was able to sit down on the couch...
His cock never left her mouth.
Fondling his balls, she continued to suck on him, her nose and mouth constantly butting against his pubic bone, his cock completely swallowed.
Moaning... or was it growling... he tried to pull away from her... but his efforts were thwarted by her hands pulling on his ass, holding him against her face, her sucking now becoming even more urgent.
Giving up... he relaxed, held her head by the sides and let her take him until he moaned... his whole body shaking, as he shot his load deep down her throat.
Then he collapsed on the couch next to her.
Not one to let a drop of cum escape, Elle then bent down and licked his cock... sucking on it once more, until she was sure she'd gotten every drop.
Standing, she poured two more cups of champagne and then dropped next to Trey on the couch.
Now curled up in his arms, they talked about how they'd gotten to this point. How Trey was aware of her pursuit. How Elle had become smitten by him... and how they'd both taken chances leading up to this tryst.
Then he brought up a subject that she hadn't been aware of... something that was the last thing she "needed" to hear... but appreciated in so many different ways.
"Do you know you're considered the sexiest woman, not only this town, but just about everywhere around here?"
"Oh paaleeze," she mumbled, "you're just saying that because I'm here with you."
He then proceeded to tell her about the conversations he'd had with his friends. How one of them mentioned seeing her at the beach, wearing one of her "Town Beach" bikinis... and how every guy there was either staring at her, or staring and fantasizing about having her in any one of a million ways. Then the others all chipped in, one offering a girl from another town as an alternative, his suggestion quickly shot down with, "Yeah... but remember when we saw Mrs. Adams at Duffy's, wearing that red dress. Tell me that anyone you've seen comes even close to how sexy Mrs. A is... every day of the week!"
But it was his last two remarks that put it all in perspective for her.
Wrapping his arms tightly around her, Trey said, "Rick even mentioned Kim..."
Twisting around so that she was facing him, Elle asked, "My daughter Kim?"
"Yes," with a smile, "your Kim. Rick said, "If there's one girl that has a shot... it's her daughter. She's the hottest little girl around and one of these days..."
"Little girl...?" Elle said sternly, "she's not a little girl anymore... she graduated in June and will be starting college in September!"
Trey laughed, "It was a euphemism... to differentiate the younger girls from the women in town. Listen... you've got all the votes... hands down!
Then came the deciding factor in how she received all this adulation...
"Hell, even my dad has noticed. Occasionally, over the past few years, when some girls from the high school would stop by looking for me and I'd just kind of blow them off, he'd mention you... how you'd somehow, "... blossomed from a quiet little schoolmarm... into a quite a vivacious, lovely and... don't tell your mother I said this, but a really sexy young woman. If she could make this transformation... don't give up on all these young girls, because some day..."
Eyes wide, she couldn't help asking, "So what do you think?"
Pulling her even tighter, he kissed her ear and whispered, "Listen... I've been fantasizing about being here with you since the first time I knew my penis wasn't just for peeing... and I mean fantasizing about being with you right here on this couch. Then you started teasing me with all those really sexy clothes... and that made it even harder... in more ways than one."
She smiled at his comment... but remembering what Kathy had said about him, "... jerking off thinking about you..." she giggled and asked, "So what happens when you discover that your penis isn't just for peeing?"
"Well... then I spent all my time thinking about you. Doesn't matter if I was sitting in school, or in my car, or while I'm eating and when I'm watching TV... and especially when I'm in bed... whether I'm home or in the barracks... I'm thinking about you in the pink Red Sox shirt, or when you wore that crazy bathing suit... or this morning when you showed up wearing that nothing while you were out for your run... I'm fantasizing about a moment like this and I'm always hard.
She didn't say another word.
Slithering down his body... licking, kissing, nibbling with her teeth... she moved to his crotch, where she continued to lick and kiss and nibble... until he was hard again... then she mounted him, slipped his cock into her and started to grind on him... her hands on his shoulders, arms extended... looking into his eyes... daring him to keep up with her.
He did that and more.
Suddenly lifting himself, he shrugged her off as if she was a piece of paper... Elle now on her back. Climbing on top of her, he put his hands next to her head, arms straight out... looking directly into her eyes said, "And now I'm going to do what I've been fantasizing about for all these years... the thing that makes me hardest of all..."
Slipping off the couch, he knelt on the floor and pulled her legs towards himself. Once her body was in front of him, he pushed himself into a squat and lifted her under her arms until she was sitting in front of him. Kneeling back down, he gave her a wicked grin and then lifted her legs... pulled her forward until her ass was on the front edge of the couch... then threw her legs over his shoulders and pushing his face into her crotch.
The only thing she remembered happening for the next... she had no idea... was his eyes smiling as he watched her... and the thing he said after the first lick...
"It's even smoother than I could have ever imagined..."
When he finally pulled his face back... there wasn't one atom of her being that wasn't tingling. From the hair follicles on the top of her head to her toenails... it was as if she'd been plugged into a wall socket... everything electrically charged and pulsating...
and he wasn't done.
Standing, he took her hands and stood her up. Then, with a very passionate kiss, he turned her and pushed her down into a kneeling position on the couch, her arms thrown over the back, her head resting on the cushion.
Leaning over, Trey kissed her neck and then licked her ear, another whispered need... this one with an explanation... "I'm told this way gives a woman the greatest pleasure..."
Still barely able to breathe from his oral assault... Elle moved her arms and lowered her head and shoulders, thus lifting her ass higher to allow Trey an easier entry and a better angle to get at what they both wanted...
Then she threw gasoline on the fire..., "But really... all you have to do is touch me..."
Bending over her, he slowly pushed himself in... the need for his gentle approach completely unnecessary as her pussy was soaked with her vaginal juices and his saliva...
But she appreciated his civility.
Within seconds she could feel her body reacting to this new incursion... all her nerve ending still super sensitive from his prior favors... her vocal appreciation of his renewed focus offered nothing but encouragement.
In other words, she was moaning almost instantly!
His attention to her increased, his thrusting quicker and deeper, whatever caution he'd intended... now abandoned.
Then she dropped the, "M.O.A.B.!" (Mother Of All Bombs)
Through her teeth, she urged him to, "Fuck my ass!"
His hesitation proved this was one contingency he'd never anticipated...!
It was also something that he'd never imagined he'd be hearing from any woman... especially Elle.
But it was also an opportunity that he couldn't and wouldn't refuse!
With no prior experience, it never occurred to him that her anus should be lubricated, so with no thought as to what he was doing, Trey withdrew from Elle's vagina..., poised the tip of his penis on her asshole... and, with another bow to civility, slowly worked it into her anal canal.
It proved too slow for Elle... who thrust her ass back against him, forcing him all the way inside her, where she held him with her anal muscle and then urged him, "Faster... harder... faster..."
While she repeated this mantra, she grabbed his right hand and forced into her crotch, where she manipulated his fingers so that he was diddling her clitoris... while he was still fucking her ass.
It didn't take him long to realize what she wanted, a second and third finger joining the first as he rubbed both her clit... and his own cock, through the thin membrane that separated her vagina from the anal canal.
Elle, who'd lost all control over how and what she was doing... found herself in a state of complete euphoria... rainbow flashes of light exploding in her closed eyes and noises coming from her mouth and throat that barely sounded human...
And then she cut loose with a guttural growl that vibrated the entire building!
That did it... his heavy breathing became a long, continuous moan... his pumping even more frenetic... until he cried out, "I'm going to cum...!"
In an unapologetic confession, Elle intimated to me that, "Had I had any control over what I was doing... I would have pulled him out of my ass and shoved him into my pussy... or into my mouth... just so I could feel him cum."
"Hoping for another opportunity?" I asked.
"Oh... I had two more opportunities before his Leave was over," she admitted.
"So...?"
Her smile lit up the room... "Once more in my mouth... once more in my ass and twice in my pussy."
"And you preferred...?"
"Oh, in my mouth is always the best," her eyes clouding, "but in my ass and pussy is fun too, because I got to enjoy the taste of him while I'm in bed with my husband."
Again... this was all news to me. In all the years we'd been carrying on our affair, except for the fact that I knew Eddie was her mechanic... from having her tell me every time we drove past his shop... there was never a hint of a son... never mind that she been trying... and then succeeding... in seducing him.
As to the validity of her account?
If she'd made it all up... she spent a lot of time getting the sequence of events right... and never deviating from the timeline.
It also helped that I ran into Vic and Kathy at the local grocery market and I asked Kathy if Elle had ever mentioned someone named Trey?
Her eyes told me the truth... along with Vic's, "She told you about Trey?"
Funny thing was... this wasn't the only indiscretion involving Elle at this time.
But that's another story.