I sat on the edge of our hotel bed knowing my wife had just left the room to go on a sex date with three guys. She'd fucked all of them the previous night and had spent the afternoon being fucked by two Turkish brothers, who owned a leather store, in exchange for some of their dresses and leather lingerie. She had agreed to return to the Turkish brothers for some more goods and another hard fucking at the close of business the next day.
Tonight though she would be light dining with the three guys who would then take her back to their room, set up a video camera and turn my hot slut wife into their own personal pornstar.
Rather than wait for Suzi to return and regale her antics as she milks my cock, I thought it would be better if Suzi told of everything that occurred.
Suzi's version.
I walked the short distance to the bar diner I'd arranged to meet the guys in. My new soft leather dress was clinging tightly to my curvy figure, but not so tight to be restrictive. I was attracting lots of furtive glances and some obvious stares from guys walking on the boulevard. As an avid exhibitionist, this was fuel to my already burning pussy. I could hear the whispers and comments as I walked past the guys, how they loved my big leather covered tits, or my tiny waist and curvy ass. If only they could have seen my shaved pussy and freshly oiled body, which ironically sprang into my mind as I walked past a strip club.
I arrived at the bar where I was to meet the guys, to find one of them sitting outside under a parasol. He jumped from his chair and hugged me gently. His hands embracing my narrow waist and sneaking a little feel of leather clad side boob.
"Come inside the guys are waiting" he smiled and held the entrance door open. A gentleman I thought. Maybe I will return the compliment later and hold my back doors open for him to enter.
I saw the other two guys who looked even hotter than they did last night. All three guys were wearing tight white button down shirts and body hugging denim jeans. The guys stood up from their chairs and hugged me tightly, same as their colleague, they both had a crafty feel of leather clad side boob as they completed their greeting. I noticed that all three were packing serious bulges which had my pussy fizzing immediately.
I was more peckish than hungry and after seeing those beautiful bulges my appetite for food was diminishing by the second, strangely replaced by my appetite for hard raucous sex.
One of the guys bought a round of drinks returning to the table with a second the beach cocktail for me. I giggled at the outlandish cocktail and smiled.
"Guys you don't need to ply me with alcohol. Remember I'm a sure thing who will fuck all three of you and drain all of your cocks tonight!"
The guys looked at each other and wolfed their drinks down.
"We're not going just yet!" I confirmed "I need to get my tits and pussy felt up before we go anywhere!" I said with a seductive smile, and just loud enough for other patrons to hear.
"I need to show my pussy and ass to strangers to help get me in the mood!" I giggled just as two of the guys placed a hand on my bare thighs.
"My pussy is just a little higher!" I grinned, parting my legs to give both guys better access. As the two hands slowly headed toward my shaved slit, I noticed a couple at the table opposite. The wife sat with a crafty smile on her face and her husband was openly staring with an obvious bulge in his trousers and a flushed look on his face and neck.
I smiled at the wife as she raised her wine glass and gave an imaginary toast to my antics. Maybe she was another slut appreciating my work, and judging by the colour of her husbands face, he may also be embedded into the lifestyle.
I allowed the guys to take turns fingering my shaved pussy as the couple opposite continually looked on at my antics. I stared at the wife as my pussy was being fingered expertly. She grinned looking directly at my pussy, watching my free sex show as the guys took turns in fingering my pussy. A strong orgasm surged through me as my chest heaved in unison to the fingers exploring my inner pussy as the woman watching licked her lips and half closed her eyes, as she crossed her legs and squeezed her thighs together.
I was very close to needing fucked when I gave the guys fingering me a kiss on their cheeks and whispered.
"I need to use the ladies then we'll head off to your hotel room and you can fuck all of my holes!"
As I stood from the table I nodded toward the ladies room to the woman opposite, who also stood up and followed me to the ladies. She was about my height five foot four with bobbed auburn hair. She also was the possessor of a rather large bust, narrow waist and elegantly long taut legs.
As we arrived at the ladies room, she giggled girlishly and said.
"Great floor show! I'm a player also. I noticed your wedding ring so either your husband is in here somewhere watching or he's back at the hotel, suffering and enjoying the torment at the same time?"
"You must be an expert to piece all that together. It's true he's back at the hotel!" I giggled, offering my hand out as a greeting "I'm Suzi"
She took my hand gently and replied.
"I'm Shelley and those guys who'v been fingering and pawing at you are incredibly hot!" She smiled, rolling her eyes and licking her lips.
"I've enjoyed many similar moments in the past but I've never experienced the thrill of another woman being part of the action!" She smiled and tenderly stroked my leather encased breasts.
Shelley was also the possessor of huge firm breasts, a narrow waist and a full curvy butt.
She began to tell me that she and her Husband Mark had been participating in the hot-wife lifestyle for more than two years, as she continually aroused my breasts with her talon like french manicure. Mark was an avid fan of Shelley being gang-banged and she was quite partial to taking more than one cock at a time. Mark was now a fully fledged cuckold, participating in clean up and total obedience.
"Are you up for a little multi sex gang-bang where a little video recording will be taking place?" I smiled looking at Shelley's eyes widen with delight.
"If it's with you and those three guys then the answer is YES!" She giggled excitedly.
"Come over and join us at the table. I'll introduce the guys then we'll go back to their rooms and fuck their brains out!" I informed her, smiling like a Cheshire Cat.
"If you're up for it, you can come along with me tomorrow and fuck two Turkish brothers, who will provide us with a whole load of leather garments. That's where I got this dress!" I smiled.
Shelley nodded her head excitedly as we left the ladies like two old friends.
On our way back to the table, Shelley looked at me with a very mischievous grin.
"I'm also bi-sexual if you want to explore that avenue!" Shelley smiled.
This had never crossed my mind before, but right now the thought of licking pussy or having my pussy licked was most appealing. I nodded enthusiastically.
"We could put on a little lesbian show for the guys once they've fucked us!" I enthused "If you come along tomorrow I know the Turks will lose their fucking minds if we start fingering and licking each other! You'll have to bare with me as I've never been with another woman!" I admitted.
"You just get me fucked by those three guys and I'll guide you through the lesbian stuff. Do you want my husband watching or should I send him on his way?" Shelley laughed heartily.
"If you want him there I have no objections being a raving exhibitionist!" I smiled "I should point out that these guys do like to fuck you up the ass!"
"Doesn't every good slut like a cock in her ass. It's one of my favourite places to take a cock!" Shelley giggled, winking at me seductively.
"Come on lets meet the boys and show them the present I've brought them!"
I sat back in my seat between the two guys. Immediately their hands went to my shaved slit and began stroking my smooth flesh intimately.
"Over there is Shelley and Mark. Shelley will join us while Mark watches his wife and I get fucked by you three. He'll work the video as well so all three of you will be using your cocks throughout!" I smiled as I opened my legs wide, letting the guys push their fingers inside my hot pussy.
Shelley stood beside me, lifting her tight mini skirt upwards to reveal her smooth shaved pussy to the guys. They guy opposite me, slid his hand up her legs and began to rub her pussy firmly but slowly. Shelley let out a little moan as she looked over at her husband.
"When these guys have spunked in all of our holes, you will do a clean up of mine and Suzi's cum-drenched holes!" She spoke softly as her arousal increased dramatically.
Mark nodded obediently as his face flushed with embarrassment and excitement.
I was excited at the prospect of Mark licking the spunk of another guy, out of my just fucked pussy and ass.
Shelley and I were now being fingered in unison as Shelley spread her legs wide to sit across the lap of her guy. With the fingers deep inside of us, we both began to orgasm, Shelley moved close to my face and began to nibble my lips then slide her tongue into my open panting mouth. The soft lips and delicate kisses from another woman complimented my orgasm magnificently.
We were holding each other's breasts as our orgasms excited the guys beyond belief.
One of the guys giggled like an excited schoolboy and said.
"Let's go to the room before we start fucking right here!"
No one needed telling twice.