Disclaimer: All characters depicted are over the age of consent. This is not a pokephilia story, but does take place in the Pokemon universe. All sex acts are between humans.
To my readers: I hope you enjoyed chapter 1. I have big plans for this series, and already have the next few chapters locked and loaded. I will be submitting them over the next few days. Feel free to send me any feedback or thoughts you have. Thanks!
*******
You rise to your feet and wipe the saliva from your mouth. Your knees wobble and you struggle to maintain your balance after being restrained for so long, and fucked so thoroughly. You shiver as the cool night air embraces your sweaty, naked body. Your face, hair, and entire lower half are sticky with drying cum. You glance over to your ripped up dress crumpled on the ground and realize you have no other clothing to leave the forest in.
Studying your actions, your new master answers your thought. "You won't need clothing anymore, slut. Now follow me," he instructs while slinging your bag over his broad shoulder and taking a step down the overgrown trail.
"But people will see me, Master..."
"And? It's appropriate for a dick-crazed whore like you to be on display," he responds mid-stride.
"Okay, Master..." you comply and briskly walk to catch up with him.
You follow for several minutes through numerous dark, winding paths, until you reach the familiar sight of the forest's entrance. You freeze in embarrassment as you notice two men loudly talking with one another about the day's events. Your leader presses on though and you quickly follow in his shadow, hoping to not be seen. Your heart sinks as you realize you will have to pass right by them. You stare straight ahead, and try to walk as silently as possible. The pair of you pass alongside the men, and you feel relieved when it seems they didn't take notice.
"Woah, dude, check it out!" A voice behind you rings in your ears.
"What the - damn! Um, are you ok Miss?" The other guy inquires. The two strangers approach you.
Master stops in place and turns around with a smile. "She's in no danger, gentlemen, just a slutty girl who likes to show off her body. Isn't that right?"
"Uh - yes," you agree with your head drooped in shame. "I'm just a slut...I'm fine."
The two men look bewildered. "But - I mean... you're sure you're ok? You look kind of beat up..." one asks again while cautiously sizing up Master.
"I assure you she's perfectly healthy and protected. Things just got a little hot and heavy back there and she could use a bath. She's a sexy little thing though, isn't she? Go on," he pushes you towards them, "Let them inspect you for themselves. She loves to be touched. Please, enjoy her."
The men are frozen in disbelief as you approach them. You turn to look at your Master, unsure of what to do, and he nods at you in encouragement.
"Please touch me, sirs," you start hesitantly. Master dips his head in approval. "I'm a horny slut who wants to be used."
"Are you for real? Is this some kind of trick?" The man looks around suspiciously.
Emboldened by your master's encouragement, you take a step forward and take the stranger's hand, placing it on your breast. "I'm real, see?"
He audibly swallows and his eyes dart back and forth between you and your imposing leader. "You sure?" He asks the tall, handsome man behind you. Master nods.
"Well damn," he utters, eyes falling back on you. He squeezes your tender flesh. "These are some awesome tits." He moves his other hand to take the other, and starts groping your naked chest in delight.
The other guy, seemingly okay with the situation, moves behind you and begins fondling your plump cheeks. "She's got a hell of an ass too. I can't believe this. What a hot bitch!"
"Seriously," the man playing with your tits agrees, getting a bit rougher and rolling your nipples between his fingers. He murmurs to you, "You like this?"
"Mmmmm....yeah," you reply. You weren't lying. Standing there nude and getting felt up by two random men was turning you on. You were clearly having an affect on them too. As they explored your body their groping got more enthusiastic, and you could see the lust building in their expressions. "You guys are making me so wet," you coo.
"Yeah?" The man behind you presses his body into yours, wrapping his arms around your waist and dropping a hand to your sensitive mound. You can feel his hard cock pressing into your ass as he glides his fingers over your wet slit. "Dude, this slut is dripping, feel her pussy," he says.
His friend rubs you down there as well. "Fuck...so hot," he mutters while stroking your clit. The other is firmly dry humping you now, pulling your body tightly against him as he slips his fingers into your wet folds.
"Nnnnghh...Ahhh..." Your breathing quickens and sounds of your pleasure escape your lips as the men play with your cunt. One set of fingers stimulates your clit while the other begins rapidly sloshing around inside of you with a hooking motion. You feel so dirty having your private areas manhandled out in the open like this, sandwiched between two horny guys.
"You going to cum for us, bitch?" Asks the man in front of you, getting more aggressive and mauling your tits with his other hand.
"Unnnghh! Fuck...Yesss...Please make me cum...Ahh! Keep playing with me..." You plead to them for release.
"I've never felt such an absolutely drenched pussy, you really are a slut," grunts the man in your ear, fingering you to no abandon and grinding his clothed hardness against your bare ass.
"I am a slut! Ohhhmm! Do you guys - Fuuuck! - like my body?"
"Fuck yeah!" They exclaim in unison. "You're so goddamn sexy," the man in front continues, "I can't believe you're letting us do this to you. God I'm so fucking hard." Still firmly massaging your clit, he releases your tit and fumbles with his waist band. He produces a short but meaty cock, swollen and rippling with veins, and starts stroking it. He rubs the head on your stomach, smearing it with precum. You reach out and grab it, replacing his hand, and start tugging. The scene is so depraved and hot. You feel an orgasm building in you.
"Mmmmm...yeahhh...oh my god...is this hard dick - ffuuuuhh - for me?" You ask him, panting and moaning, reaching the edge.
"That's right, bitch - Unnnghh - See what you did to me you dirty slut?" His eyes begin to glaze over, clearly savoring your soft hand, but he stays on your clit, determined to get you off.
"Mmmpff! Yes! It's my fault! I made your cocks hard! Fuck! OH!" You feel a warmness pressing into your ass and realize the other guy must've taken his out too. You wiggle your butt and feel his stiff prick nestle between your cheeks, squished between the two of you. You realize how much you love experiencing these seemingly polite, caring men transform into sex-crazed animals.
It's all too much, and you scream as you finally fall off of the cliff. You cum hard and your body squirms as both men assault your pussy while their hot, needy dicks attack either side of you. Still in the throes of your orgasm, you feel the man behind you withdraw his fingers and push you forward, bending you over with his arm firmly wrapped around your waist. His throbbing cock is pressed against the sopping entrance of your cunt, parting your folds. You squeal in pleasure, ready to be speared.
"Stop!" A commanding voice instantly halts the threesome, and you all turn your heads in its direction. "For now, her pussy is mine alone, but she will service you in other ways."
The stranger who was a second away from entering you complains, "Oh, come on! She wants it!"
"Well of course she does. The slut can't control herself around a hard cock, but she is mine and you will do as I say. Don't violate my generosity and make me take her away," Master threatens.
With a growl of frustration, he releases his hold and you stumble forward, catching yourself on the other man's chest. You think you understand what is expected of you, and drop to your knees in the dirt.
"Can I please suck your cocks?" You ask seductively, while wrapping your fingers around his shaft.
"Fuck yes you can!" He replies with glee, desperately thrusting his hips.
You smile up at him and lift his dick, flattening your tongue against the base of his shaft and slowly gliding it up to the tip.
"Oh my god...you're so fucking hot..." He says, stroking your cheek.
"I really wanted to fuck you, but this will do," says the other, stepping up and pushing his slightly bigger erection into your face.
"Mmmm...I wanted to feel this inside me too, but Master said no." You take his head into your mouth and swirl your tongue around it before loudly removing it with a "Pop". "But don't worry...I'm going to suck your juicy dicks real good." You quickly envelope it in your mouth again, bobbing your head up and down on it while stroking the other.
"Fuuuuck...your mouth feels so good," says the man admiringly.
"Mmmpff...you like how I use my slutty mouth?" You switch and wrap your lips around the smaller man, gliding down his shaft and feeling him hit the back of your throat.
"Unnnghh...so much...fuuck..." He agrees, while bending over slightly and groping your tits.
You spend the next several minutes ravenously throating the stranger's cocks, alternating between the two while they groan in ecstasy. The dark path is filled with the sounds of you gagging and the squelches from your hands jerking their saliva-coated erections. The thought that you can hardly believe what you're doing returns to you again, but you reaffirm that it's your choice and that you're loving every second of it. Or perhaps it's that the choice was taken away from you that you are learning to love. Regardless, you know for certain that publicly pleasuring these two strange dicks is driving you crazy with lust. You're pretty sure you won't ever be the same again. It feels extremely liberating to just drop all inhibitions and be a filthy slut.
"Ugggghhhh! I'm cumming!" the smaller man shouts suddenly. A thick rope of semen splatters across your face as you take the head of his spasming dick into your mouth, pumping his shaft in your fist. You suck and tongue his mushroom tip as the warm, creamy substance fills your mouth. "Fuuuucking hell...Let me see all that cum, you nasty whore," he commands through groans. You look into his eyes and open wide, snaking your tongue around so he can admire his load.
"Mmmmm..." You swallow it noisily. "Thank you, that was delicious." You maintain eye contact while scooping the excess off of your face and slurping it down, like Master taught you. It was the second load you had swallowed that night, and you felt as if you were already becoming addicted to the strong flavors.
"When did I die and go to heaven?" He sighs with satisfaction. You giggle, feeling overjoyed to be so intensely desired.
Without warning, your hair is roughly pulled to the side and your face impaled with the larger cock. It's forced to the entrance of your throat and then slips further, lodging itself deep within. You look up through watery eyes to see its owner grimacing, "You didn't forget about me, did you slut?"
"Mmmppggghhhh" You try and respond. He releases your hair and you pull yourself from his meat, gasping for air. "Of course not...I need your cum too, sir."
"Well I'm going to have to fuck your pretty little face if you want it," he growls.
"Mmmm...Please do. Use my slutty mouth to jerk off your big dick so I can drink all your hot cum," you reply, as dirty as you can, hoping it would please your master.
The man grabs the back of your skull with both hands and starts wildly thrusting his hips into you. You relax your throat and allow him to have his way. Tears roll down your cheeks and you choke and sputter around his cock, but you breathe through your nose and do your best to be a good hole for him. His aggressive handling of you turns you on immensely, and your pussy aches with desire. You move a hand to your soaking cunt and rub furiously. Your gargled moans join his animalistic grunts, and thick strands of saliva drip off of his shaft and onto your tits.
"Look at me, slut! Unngh! I want to see your beautiful eyes as I empty my balls down your throat!" He commands you, pulling at your hair to tilt your head up slightly. You comply and meet his lust-filled gaze. "That's it - FUCK! - You sexy little bitch - MMMPPFF - You ready for it!? Here it comes!" He bellows as his cock erupts in your mouth. You can barely taste it as the ejaculate is launched straight down your throat, filling your belly with warm seed. The feeling of his big dick pumping you full of cum as you watch the immense satisfaction wash over his face pushes you over the edge, and you orgasm with him.
"Holy fuck..." The other man mutters, witnessing the intense, erotic display. He plays with his limp penis, probably desperate to bring it back to life and have another go at you.
After the last few dribbles of cum are released, you slowly withdraw your mouth from the slimy shaft. Gooey strings of saliva and semen stretch between the two of you, connecting your freshly fucked face to his softening erection. Finally filling your lungs with fresh air, you take hold of him and rub his messy prick all over your face. You smother your cheeks and lips in the thick liquid like a cum rag while he catches his breath.
"So tasty...mmm," you coo, licking your lips.
"God, you're incredible..." He murmurs.
You beam at them both. "Thank you, I hope I was a good little slut for you guys," you say, rising to your feet.
"Fuck yes you were. I feel completely drained. That was the best blow job ever," the larger man assures you.
"When can we see you again?" The other asks.
"Ummm..." You turn towards your master.
"Perhaps you'll be lucky enough to run into her again, but for now we must take our leave," he states. "Let's go, slut."
"Bye guys!" You wave, and trot over to follow the large, attractive man.
"Hope to see you soon, sexy!" You hear behind you. As the pair of you leave the area, you hear them excitedly chattering with one another. You can't stop smiling.
Now clear of the dense tree line, Master comes to a stop and produces a Pokeball. He tosses it to the ground and an extra-large Skarmory emerges.
"Of course he has more Pokemon. He was toying with me," you think.
Your new master lifts your abused, naked body and places you on the steel bird's back, then climbs on himself and sits behind you. You shiver in the cold night air and press your back up against his chest. He wraps his large arms around you in a show of tenderness.
"I've never flown before," you say.
"A night of many firsts for you, then," he replies, gently patting his Pokemon's side. "Take us home." Skarmory leaps into the air and takes flight. The frigid wind flows through your hair, making you further appreciate the warm embrace. You turn and look below to see the forest rapidly diminishing into the distance. It truly was a night of firsts. You can hardly believe the events that unfolded in those woods, and still aren't completely convinced this isn't all a dream.
"You did very well back there, slut."
"Thanks, Master. I tried very hard to do what I thought you wanted," you explain appreciatively.
"You impressed me. A good, natural born whore shouldn't need constant instructions. You had my permission to take matters into your own hands, and you did so with enthusiasm. I was quite pleased." His approval of you felt so satisfying. You weren't exactly sure why, but you wanted nothing more. "That being said," he continues, "There is still much for you to learn, but I have no doubt you will rise to the occasion."
"Yes, I want to learn more, Master. I enjoyed tonight very much. I had no idea how good it could feel before you showed me. I...well to be honest, I was kind of surprised that you had me pleasure those two guys. I guess I didn't expect you to share me like that...but god...it was so fucking hot being naughty for them..."
He chuckles. "You are mine now, make no mistake about that, but that doesn't mean I'm going to keep you locked away. You see, I've taken it upon myself to train more than just Pokemon. I find great pleasure in sending my sluts into 'battle', so to speak."
His cryptic words give you pause. You have so many questions. "Just who is this guy? How long has he been doing this sort of thing, and how many girls has he claimed?" You ponder on these mysteries.
Before you can form a coherent inquiry, he announces, "Here we are! Welcome to my estate." Skarmory swoops downwards suddenly, and lands at the front steps of a giant mansion. You peer around in awe at your surroundings. Immaculately groomed fields of greenery stretch in all directions, and the grand house itself towers above you. You've never seen anything like it.
"Well I guess he wasn't lying about his riches," you think, automatically following close behind him as he begins his ascent to the gilded front door. Master rings a bell near the entrance, and moments later the large entryway opens, revealing a well-dressed elderly gentleman.
"Welcome back, sir," he greets, pausing at noticing you and quickly running his eyes over your nakedness. "And welcome to you, fair lady." He turns his attention back to Master. "I trust you'll be retiring to your private quarters?"
"That's correct. Have a snack sent up for us," Master instructs as he steps inside. You follow him into the grand entry way.
"Right away, sir," responds the butler, closing the door behind you. He hurries across the room and out of sight.
You follow your master up some more fancy looking stairs and through a few hallways, silently marveling at the fine furnishings filling every room. Finally, he swings open a large door and says, "Here is my private wing, where you will be spending the night with me."
"It's amazing!" You exclaim with wonder. You follow him further into the massive space and arrive at a luxurious bathroom, where he strolls over to a sizable hot tub and pushes some buttons. Several jets begin spraying steamy water, rapidly filling it up.
"Clean yourself up," he commands, strolling out of the room. "I'll join you in a minute."
You walk to the edge of the tub and swirl your hand in the water. It's piping hot. "Oh man, just what I needed," you say to yourself in excitement. You slowly step into the vessel, savoring the feel of the fiery liquid enveloping your skin. "Ahhhh," you sigh in relief, settling on one of several seats. A jet massages your back and another your feet, and you take a moment to allow a deep relaxation to overcome you. You notice a variety of soaps and products at one edge of the tub, and glide over to them. You take a bar and begin scrubbing your flesh, washing away all of the bodily fluids clinging to you. After cleansing yourself head to toe, and lathering your hair with a bottle of some fine-smelling solution, you settle back in, up to your neck in the embrace of the warm liquid. You close your eyes in peace, and the night's events play in your mind. Your pussy tingles while you recount your deplorable actions. "I can't believe I'm still horny after all of that. I'm sure Master will be back soon to attend to it," you think wickedly.
Sure enough, you hear footsteps moments later and he enters, carrying a covered tray. Placing it down, he says, "I'm sure you're hungry, enjoy some delicacies." He removes the lid to reveal a variety of beautifully arranged fresh fruit.
"Thank you, Master," you respond and help yourself to a particularly juicy looking berry. While you sample the tasty, exotic morsels, he disrobes and steps into the tub with you. You nearly choke on a slice of something sweet when you see his nude form again. "I almost forgot how fucking sexy his body is," you think as the tingling sensation in your loins returns.
Master sits beside you and picks up a dark purple piece of fruit. He displays it to you and explains, "See this one here? This is a rare berry from a far away land. Wealthy trainers feed these to prized Pokemon to encourage breeding, and I've found it has a similar effect on humans." He places it on your lips, and you part them. He sets it on your tongue and nods, then grabs another and pops it in his mouth. You bite down on the leathery skin and it bursts open with bitter juices that make your face scrunch up. "It is quite bitter, but extremely potent. Just you wait," he says, leaning back and stretching his arms out along the rim of the tub. "Come here, slut."
You step around his nearest leg and move in between them, placing your hands on his shoulders. He puts a hand on your lower back and pulls you against him, planting his lips on yours. You kiss each other lightly at first, but soon begin making out, exploring one another's mouths with your tongues. "God he's a good kisser," you think, melting. You feel something pressing into your belly, and giggle as you look down to see his giant cock emerging from the surface. It grows steadily up your abdomen, finally achieving its full length and poking you just below your tits. He reaches for a bottle and pours a generous amount of its contents into the water between you. He lightly swirls it around and the water begins to foam. Soon the entire bath takes on a silky, smooth texture, and it feels delightful on your bare skin. You wrap your fingers around his engorged manhood and stroke it delicately.
Master shakes his head, "Use your tits."
You look down at your soapy breasts and take one in each hand. You squat down a bit and position yourself so that his thick shaft rests between them, and squeeze them together. You slowly glide your makeshift fleshy pocket down his length, and then back up until his dick head is swallowed in your cleavage. "Like this, Master?"
"Mmmmm...yes...jerk me off with those soft jugs while I relax," he instructs. You comply, settling into a steady rhythm up and down his enormous dick, admiring how it feels pressed firmly against your chest. He closes his eyes and rests his head back with a grin. As you focus on pleasuring him, you begin to notice a warmth spreading in your stomach and the tingling sensation in your pussy grows. At first it doesn't seem unusual; after all, you're using your body to please this gorgeous, big-dicked man, but the feeling keeps ramping up. You feel a buzzing sensation in your head and your vision seems to sharpen. Your skin becomes ultra-sensitive, and you are increasingly aware of how every minor imperfection of Master's cock feels as it rubs along your flesh. Your cunt begins to ache with an overwhelming desire to be filled. "What the fuck..." You murmur, squeezing your thighs together in a subconscious attempt to stimulate your needy pussy.
"Hits you pretty quick, doesn't it? Especially with your tiny body," Master chuckles, seemingly amused by your sudden discomfort. You remember the special berry, your anxiety partially quelled by the fact that there was an explanation for your sudden intoxication.
"Holy shit," you mutter, your lower half squirming around as you continue your tit job. "I'm so fucking horny...ughh..."
"Mmmm...don't stop. You'll get your turn if you're good. It's starting to work on me too," he says. You glance down in time to see his cock head shoot a stream of clear liquid at your chin. More precum follows, dribbling out in excess and coating your chest. "This stuff makes me cum buckets."
"Ughh, so hot..." You flick your tongue over his oozing hole each time you glide downwards. The berry's effect amplifies all of your senses, and the sight of Master's huge, juicy dick leaking his fluids all over you makes you salivate. "Mmmmpfff...Shhlckk..." You submerge your chest, reaching his balls, and noisily suck at his ejaculating tip.
"Nnnghh...fuck yeah...slurp it all down, my needy slut," he groans.
"Annmmhhh...Master...Gllrrmmp...Ah...There's so much..." It takes all of your self control to keep your hands on your boobs and away from your sex, which feels like it's on fire. "Oh my god...Please, Master...I NEED your cock in me..." You plead between thrusts into your mouth.
"Just a little longer..."
"Nnnnghh! But I need it so bad!"
"Patience, girl..."
You continue massaging the girthy shaft with your tits and taking the head into your mouth, but your unyielding lust hammers at your brain. "Masterrrrr..."
"I know...mmmm...you poor, horny thing...oooff..." He teases you, clearly enjoying watching you squirm. "Almost there..."
"Please give me your cum! - Glmmmpff - And fuck my pussy, Master," you continue to beg.
"Oh, I will," he assures you.
"Nnnnngh! It hurts!" You cry, squeezing your thighs in despair. You have never felt so miserably aching for a dick.
His head is twitching wildly on your tongue now, and shooting ropes of precum down your throat. "Mmmmmmmm! Turn around, now!" He commands you with urgency. You release him and spin in the water, as he roughly grabs your throat and your waist. You are hoisted up and feel him pressing against your tight entrance. He pulls you down onto him, forcefully parting your lips and burying the entire length of his giant cock in you. You scream as you feel every inch of him invading further and further, stretching your warm tunnel and slamming into your cervix. Your pussy clamps down, refusing to let go of his throbbing meat as a massive orgasm takes hold of you. He moans and tightly squeezes your throat as he too reaches his release. You quiver wildly in his lap, choking and feeling his hot cum splash around your insides. His intense grip prevents your squeals of pleasure from leaving your throat.
"Fuuuuuck!" He roars, still cumming. "Can you feel my seed flooding your fertile, little womb, slut?" His nails dig into the soft flesh of your waist as he holds you in place. "This is what it feels like to be bred by your master! Milk my cock while it claims your young body!"
Your climax shows no signs of easing as he continues to pump you full of spunk. You get light-headed and dizzy as he threatens your air supply. You feel unbelievably good, on the edge of consciousness, constant waves of pleasure running through you. The pressure in your abdomen builds and builds as your tight cunt seals away any possibility for his potent cream to escape. Just as your vision begins to fade into darkness, he lets go of your throat and you fall back into him.
"Mmmmmmmm...Nnnnnghh...ohhhhmmmm" You moan endlessly, completely overcome with satisfaction. Your back rests along Master's strong chest and abs, and he lazily squeezes your tits while his last few spurts of cum are injected into you. He turns your head back to him and kisses you firmly. The two of you rest there for a few minutes, passionately making out, exchanging fluids at both ends. His cock remains rock hard the entire time, planted deeply in your body.
He bites your lower lip as he withdraws from your face and looks lovingly into your eyes, wrapping his powerful arms around you. "You are truly the pinnacle of beauty, my slut."
"Ugh...Thanks, Master," you beam. "You make me feel so fucking good. Mmmm..." You wiggle your butt, causing his stiff rod to twitch in you. "You're still so hard..."
"And will be for quite some time. The berry has that effect on me. I will breed you several more times before I'm finished. Your precious womb will drown tonight."
"Oh fuck...That's so hot..." You aren't sure why, but something primal in you drools at the thought of this stud taking you as his breeding bitch. Your pussy gushes at the notion, already hungry for more. "I'm still so horny, Master."
"I'm sure you are. Those potent chemicals have taken your brain hostage, turning you into even more of a mindless cock slut. All of your wants and desires converge into a singular goal: To stuff your soaking cunt with as many fertile, hard cocks as possible; To soak up as much strong, male seed as you can; To unrelentingly chase down the raw pleasure of being fucked thoroughly by an alpha," he explains.
"Ugh, Oh my fucking god. Nnnnnghh," you grind your hips into him. "You're turning me on so much, Master. Please breed me more with your alpha cock. Fuck! I love being your slut! I want more! Shoot more cum into me!"
"So be it," he says, rising to his feet with a splash and knocking you forward. He grabs your hair and pulls back at it while pinning your wrists together and holding them against your back. He then pulls his entire manhood out of you in one swift motion and you shudder. The thick plug is finally removed and your fuck hole spews globs of fresh cum until he rams it back into you.
"OHH! YES!" You shout in ecstasy as he thrusts his big cock into your sloppy, used pussy. Your tits flail wildly across the surface of the water as he holds you up and spears you again and again. You moan mindlessly at the ceiling, your hair bunched up in his fist, as he fucks you with the aggression of a caged beast. The hot liquid of the tub ripples and splashes around you erratically as he pounds your tight slit from behind. The rhythmic slaps of his body knocking into your ass fill the room. His heavy balls smash into your clit with each powerful thrust.
"FUCK! MASTER! AH! AH! OH! OHM! MY! GOD! I'M CUMMIIIIIIINNGGGGG!" Another immense orgasm sends shockwaves through you and your dripping pussy squeezes around his considerable girth as it tunnels through you.
"MMM! Fuck yes, slut! Your tight cunt feels so good! Take it! Mmmpff!"
"UGH! Give it to me! Yes! Make me your bitch! AH! Breed me good, Master!"
"YEAH! NNGH! YOU'RE! MINE!"
"USE ME HARD! UGGGHHHHH! FUCKING TAKE ME!"
"WHORE!" He lets go of your wrists and smacks your ass, sending a delicious jolt of pain up your spine.
"AH! OOHHF!" You shriek in pleasure.
"SLUT!" His hand comes down on your tender ass again. You squeal.
"YOU LIKE THAT?"
"YESSS! HURT ME!" You beg for more, loving his rough handling of you.
He slaps you again even harder.
"UUGGGHHHHHH!" You groan as you cum again. Being violently fucked like a nameless whore was driving you crazy.
"DIRTY BITCH! FUCK! YOU CAN'T STOP CUMMING YOU DUMB SLUT!"
"NNNNGGGNNOOOO! I CAN'T! IT'S TOO GOOD MASTER!"
"YOU'RE A SLAVE TO MY COCK!"
"OHHHMM! I AM!"
"IT'S ALL YOU NEED!"
"IT IS! FUUUCK! IT'S EVERYTHING! I LOVE IT SO MUCH!"
"HERE IT COMES!"
"YESSS! FILL ME AGAIN, MASTER!"
"URRRGGGHHHHH!" His cock swells and explodes deep within you, painting your inner walls with fresh coats of cum. His thick seed is splattered all over your ass and thighs as he continues to fuck you with his full length. With each new thrust, more spills out of you and is sprayed about as he bottoms out again. Your eyes cross as you hang there by your hair, bent over and pumped full with ridiculous amounts of ejaculate by the grunting animal behind you.
Finally satisfied with his second attempt to fertilize you, Master releases your hair and you slide off of his long dick, your pussy gripping it tightly the whole way.
You instinctively turn around and take his dripping cock into your mouth. You eagerly suck away all of your combined juices, as if they were a precious, life-saving nectar.
"Mmmmm...What a good slut," he coos, stroking your hair. You tenderly attend to his glorious manhood for a while, amazed that it has yet to soften still. A new bead of precum forms at the tip, furthering your disbelief at his virility as you lick it up. The aching need starts returning to your pussy.
You look up at him with hunger in your eyes. "Oh my god, Master. It's already coming out again." More sticky liquid dribbles out and you lightly rub it into the velvety skin with your thumb. "Are you ready to breed your bitch again?"
"Yes. I won't be satisfied until I've expelled every last drop from my balls into your cunt," he says while bending over and scooping you into his arms. Cradling you, he steps out of the tub and carries your dripping body out of the room. A trail of water droplets and cum drippings follow the pair of you into a large bedroom, where he tosses you onto the luxurious bed. He quickly climbs on top of you and drives his tongue into your mouth, kissing you deeply as he pins your wrists above your head. You feel the weight of his hard body pressing you into the silky sheets as you pant into his mouth with anticipation. You feel the heat of his meaty dick graze your drenched pussy lips and you wrap your legs around him, trying to pull him in. He doesn't yield to your attempts, but does, painfully slowly, start pushing into you.
You moan through his kisses as he eases his monstrous dick into your cunt, one small bit at a time. "Ohhhh ffffuuuck, masterrrr...Yessss...Give me every inch of your huge fucking cock..."
He fucks you slowly and passionately, taking his time and savoring your body. He kisses you all over, and gently bites at your neck as he rotates his hips, grinding into your clit. You fall into a pleasure-induced trance, losing your sense of time. It feels as if you are experiencing an endless, low-power orgasm. It's heavenly, and the minutes pass you by in your bliss. Eventually, you feel the familiar sensation of his dick twitching inside of you and the following warm splashes of cum. He fills your womb with his seed for the fourth time that night and collapses onto you.
"Ohhh...so good..." you whisper, as you drift off into the most satisfying sleep of your life.
The pair of you slumber peacefully for a while, cuddled up together in Master's bed. You're not sure his eternally hard cock ever left your pussy. Throughout the night, you awaken on the brink of orgasm to him thrusting into you again from a different position. You lost count of how many loads he pumped into you, but the two of you fucked each other almost constantly, only pausing for short rests here and there.
You feel the warm sun on your face and you lazily open your eyes, yawning in the now brightly lit room. You quickly become aware of an unbelievably massive pool of cum you had been sleeping in. Most of your body is coated in the sticky substance, and it had gathered in such large amounts on the sheets that most of it hadn't even dried yet. You stand up to stretch, and feel more of it oozing out of your sore cunt. A wicked smile flashes across your lips as the memories of your long night of fucking play out in your mind. You notice a folded paper on the bedside table with the word "SLUT" written on it. You open it to reveal a handwritten letter.
"Good morning slut. I have matters to attend to today and will not return until tonight..." You frown. You had hoped to continue to 'learn' from him today. "...In the meantime, feel free to wash up and have Gerard fix you a meal. I have a challenge for you today. The instructions are as follows..." Your heart skips a beat and you eagerly begin reading what he has in store for you.