All of my writing is fiction and the stories and characters are all products of my imagination. They were created for my fun and, hopefully, your enjoyment. Some of the events in the stories are not particularly condoned nor encouraged by the author but are there to create and enhance the story of the imaginary characters and their lives. Comments are always encouraged and carefully reviewed. Enjoy!
***
The two main characters in this story, Kim and Pete, are taken from two previous stories, Taking Some Pictures. It might help to read those first but this can stand on its own I believe.
*****
Kim's parents brought both sets of kids home on Sunday morning. Jill and Chad's raced off to their house and Kim and Pete's were excited to tell them all about the weekend they'd had with the grandparents, the movie, the swimming, all the wonderful snacks that Kim knew had the danger of spoiling them rotten. They spent the day watching TV and then the whole family headed to the pool to cool off. It had been an interesting weekend for sure, one that would be hard to top and equally hard to forget. But, no one was anxious to forget.
Monday morning finally came and Jill was there just a few minutes after both Pete and Chad had left for work. She came in through the open door, fixed her coffee, as usual, then sat down at the little kitchen table and looked at Kim who just looked back at her. What do you say to your best friend when you both had had wonderful sex with the other's husband just a couple of days ago? Slowly, smiles crossed their faces. At last Kim broke the silence.
"Can you believe that," she ventured.
"No, were we dreaming or did it really happen?"
"Well, if it was a dream, it's the first dream I've had that has provided me with a video."
Jill laughed. "No dream, but," and she took a deep breath, wondering how she could say this to her best friend, "it sure was fun," another pause, "with Pete."
"I guess it was pretty obvious I enjoyed my time with Chad too," Kim echoed. "Plus, let me tell you something else. When Pete and I got together right after that he introduced me to Mr. Bullet." She had a huge grin on her face.
"Mr. Bullet?"
"Yeah, a little guy about as big as your thumb but when that guy meets your womanhood with all the vibrating he does, it . . . is . . . something . . . else.
"So, Pete got a sex toy for you?"
"Plus, it has a remote control that he has threatened to use sometime, so I've got to watch for that."
"Oh my gosh, I think I can picture that. Good luck!"
__________________________________
Several months had passed and the picture taking that had been so exciting at first had seen that excitement wane, particularly after the internet pictures were posted and the videos of the switching of mates, not on the internet, were done and watched and so they decided to take a break for a while. The ladies still got together for coffee and chatting nearly every week day and the men had lunch together several times a week plus the couples shared evenings of eating and playing games and just talking.
The week before Christmas Pete and Kim were horsing around, the kids in bed, he trying to tickle her and her trying to stick her tongue in his ear which drove him crazy. This went on for several minutes and finally Pete was winning, holding Kim down and tickling her everywhere he knew she was ticklish which was pretty much all over her body. She was squirming and laughing uncontrollably and screaming for him to stop. He was merciless though, really enjoying this and she knew it was becoming a sexual thing, which often happened with the tickling for him but she finally couldn't stand it any longer and squealed, "Consequence. I'll do a consequence." This worked and he stopped, grinning at her. She was lying on the floor, her clothes awry, her hair in her face, and she was breathing so hard she thought she might pass out.
They played the consequence game all the time, sometimes with questions, sometimes when one of them had done something silly or stupid, and sometimes like tonight, when one had a real advantage over the other. She saw Pete grin at her. The consequences were usually trivial things like one getting things for the other all evening or doing some of the chores the other usually did, things like that and once in a while, something sexual, but that was rare as there wasn't much they didn't do under normal circumstances anyway. But, tonight Pete had a plan and, unknown to Kim, it had begun with the tickling. Now he appeared to be thinking, but it was a ruse as he knew exactly what he was going to say.
"Okay, here goes. A nude snow angel out in the front yard in the deep snow." He lowered his head and eyed her as her eyes widened.
"Are you crazy? That's freezing cold snow out there and the street lights are on. I'm not doing that." As she said it, knowing that a part of their game was that you could have first refusal on the consequence, but then you were stuck with the second consequence which had to be done, she realized that his request was one he knew she'd refuse and, looking at him, she wasn't sure that she shouldn't have just suffered and done the naked snow angel.
Now Pete was pondering again, at least he looked like he was, and she quickly said, "Just say it, I know you have something evil in your mind."
"Oh, not evil," he smiled. He had been planning this for quite a while. "You know Friday is the company Christmas party at the Wiltshire Club." Of course she knew it as she had bought a special dress to wear just yesterday. It was a bright red, the hem a few inches above her knees, a gently scooped neck that really didn't show any cleavage but certainly would highlight her smooth and flawless chest. But the big feature, and she'd never had a dress like it before, was the back or, more precisely, the lack of a back. The sides of the missing back dove straight down from her shoulders in what was technically called a "V" she thought, but was much more like a "U" with a big curve that stopped just a couple of inches above her butt crack. Of course, with no back she wouldn't be able to wear a bra but when she had checked herself in the mirror at the store, she looked fine. Of course with those fantastic (Pete's description) B cups she had, that were firm and stuck straight out, she really never needed a bra although she always wore one. With the three inch red heels she had she knew she would look, well . . . she smiled . . . fantastic. But now, she was sure that Pete had in mind for her to wear no underwear or some other bizarre thing, and she smiled again because she was already not going to have a bra. She was one up on him already.
"So what, you want me to go with no underwear or something." She kind of smirked at him.
"Oh no," he quickly replied. "But, you do remember Mr. Bullet don't you."
Oh shit, he wouldn't, was her first thought. He had mentioned something like this the first night a few months ago when he had showed it to her,(and used it on her with amazing results) with its remote control - that damn remote control. She stared at him and he back at her. She could refuse but, since before they had married neither had ever refused a second consequence request. Her mind raced but had nowhere to race to. It was just spinning its wheels. Pete, realizing her predicament, just smiled. He was anticipating a very interesting evening.
She took a deep breath and sighed. "Do I have any say about how that thing gets used?
"I think I can take care of that. You'll just have to trust me." Now he was smiling broadly.
"I trust you to bring home money, to take care of the house, to love the kids and to take care of me. But, I'm not sure I can trust you once you get that remote in your hand."
"You can trust me to have a good time with it."
"At my expense I'm sure." She was trying but there was no way she could imagine what that was going to be like. That statement had more truth than she could have ever anticipated.
__________________________________
Friday evening finally came, after much nervous fantasizing from Kim, and some, unknown to her, devious planning from Pete. She showered, fixed her hair and did all the things she'd normally do before a party like this, then, very naked, slipped the red dress over her head and pulled it down till it was snugly in place. She checked the mirror and was excited about how she looked, particularly how she looked from behind. The low back did draw attention to her butt which she thought was too big but which Pete assured her was absolutely perfect, as was every other part of her. He came into the room after his shower and stood there, eyes wide and staring, as her back was to him.
"Holy shit," he mumbled, and, in the mirror, she could see the appropriate response taking place on his naked body.
"You like it? No bra you know." She turned around and reached out to grab that growing member, but he jumped away.
"Don't," he muttered, "or we won't get to that party," which she was thinking might not be a bad idea. "I've gotta get dressed while I still can." She couldn't help but giggle and feel good that it was so simple for her to make him feel that way.
She sat on the edge of the bed, watching him dress and waiting for the inevitable. She was resigned to it and would just let what happened, happen. Then Pete turned to her. "Ready?" he asked and received a faint nod. He went to a dresser drawer and took out the device, Mr. Bullet as he had called it, and brought it to the bed. She stood up momentarily and lifted her skirt to her waist exposing the dark muff that Pete loved so much. He held it out in front of her.
"This goes inside," he said, indicating the main body of the little device and she spread her legs and he slowly slid it into her love canal. "And this," he said, pointing to the thin and curved plastic piece with the small and shallow cup on the end, "nestles right here against the good stuff." With that he pushed the body inside a little further so that the little cup was pressed tightly against her clitoris. She jerked a little when he put it in place. She was beginning to get very nervous.
"Okay," she said, a determined sound to her voice. "Open that drawer," she pointed, "and get those little red bikini panties and hand them to me." He did and she stood, dress still around her waist, and pulled them on. "I'd hate to have it fall out at the party and have to explain what it was." She was amazed that she could show a little humor with what was going to happen. She smoothed the dress down as he held another little device in his hand, showing it to her.
"Three settings, low, medium and high and an on/off switch. Very simple device."
With that he slide the little switch forward and then quickly back and Kim bucked, a loud, "oh" escaping her lips.
"Shit," she said. "That thing works too well."
"That was on low. Let's just see what hi is like." A second later he slid the switch again. A loud, "Aaahhh," came out this time as she exhaled sharply. Recovering she said, "Please, limited use of that one."
"Trust me," he said, but she didn't really.
The Wiltshire Club was a somewhat small club that catered to a regular and older clientele and was rented out for private parties on a limited scale. But Pete's company had used it for their Christmas part for many years now. With the company growing as it was, Pete had noticed last year that the club was very crowded and he was surprised that it was being used again this year as he had thought they might find a larger facility. But, never-the-less, the party was there and they were approaching the front door after finding a place to park in the very crowded lot. Pete took Kim's coat and had to lay it in the corner of the overwhelmed coat room as there were no more hooks available. They had hardly stepped into the main room when a slightly older man that Kim recognized waved and came over to meet them.
"Hi Pete, and welcome. And hello there. . . Mrs. Pete, since I'm afraid I don't remember your first name." She knew it was Andrew Warner, the owner of the company.
Holding out her hand she said, "I'm Kim-m-m-m-m," as Pete gave the switch on the remote a little flip. "Sorry," she added quickly, "I choked there," and she laughed, actually wanting to give Pete a good kick in the balls.
"Sorry I forgot your name," he said, grasping her hand. "Kim. I'll try to remember that in the future. Actually, for someone as beautiful and striking as yourself, I'm not sure how I could forget. Have a good time tonight, okay." He smiled at her and at Pete and walked away, greeting others as he went. Now she could sense what her evening was going to be like and she wasn't looking forward to it at all.
That first time she had been totally unprepared for the vibrations, but now she thought she could be ready and could handle it a little better. As they met and spoke to others she tried to outfox him a little and he seemed to be willing to play the game too. His pulses were fairly short and she would sometimes look like she was going to speak, but not actually say anything until the vibrating stopped. Actually, she knew it had a battery of some kind and she was praying that it would run out of power and she could enjoy the evening a little more. She tried to remember how long it had lasted those few times he had used it during their lovemaking but that was no help since she had cum so fast that she had no idea how long it could go on like that. When Pete went off to the rest room she decided to get a drink from the bar. As she was opening her mouth to order the vibrations suddenly began and she lowered her head, trying not to gasp and hoped the bartender would think she was just pondering on her drink. When it stopped after four or five seconds she looked over at the restroom door where Pete was standing, grinning. Rather than a glass of wine she ordered a "stiff" martini, hoping that might help deaden the sensations a little.
Another result of all of this was something that she had forgotten about when she bought the dress, as there had been no real necessity then to even think about it. But, that had changed. With the vibration and the stimulations, more than one part of her body was responding and she was aware, as she walked back to her table, that her nipples were producing rather prominent bumps on the front of the dress and, with the plain color and lack of any other design, it was going to be hard to keep them from showing for the rest of the evening.
The evening went on like that. They would be sitting at a table, talking to people and, if she was just listening, he would switch it on for 10 seconds, watching her try to keep a straight face and act like nothing was happening. All of this was having the comic effect that Pete wanted but it was also turning up her arousal level several notches with each little flick of his switch and she would give anything right now to reach under her dress and take care of herself or drag Pete under the table so he could take care of her. She went to the rest room once to the off and on vibrating as she lurched and twisted her way across the room. Inside the stall, she had to take it out to accomplish what she had come in there for and was tempted to leave it out, just faking for Pete. Of course, she wouldn't know when he was pushing the switch so that was discarded as a stupid idea. She carefully put it back in place, arranged those little bikini panties which she was surprised didn't show through the dress, and went back to join the party.
When she got back to the table, Pete introduced her to Ryan who she knew was fairly new, single and was working very closely with Pete on several projects. He had spoken of Ryan often although he had neglected to mention that he was about six feet of lusciousness, blond hair, very blue eyes and, being single, able to work out quite a bit. He smiled at her and she enjoyed the deep baritone voice that was asking her questions about herself. Pete was watching them talking and the smile on his face set her antennae in motion. There was something going on with Ryan, and he hadn't vibrated her once since they had been talking. She was aware that the DJ had gotten the music started and the little dance floor was filling up rapidly. She enjoyed dancing and always had but Pete didn't so she expected to spend a good bit of time sitting unless some of the other men politely asked her to dance which often happened at these parties. And, she thought, the red dress might help that along nicely.
But, she needn't have worried as Ryan stood up and held out his hand, inviting her to dance as he glanced over at Pete who just knowingly nodded. Something was up and her mind began to grope for answers. He guided her through the very crowded dance floor to the opposite edge, by the far wall. She wondered what his intentions were as he seemed to be getting as far from Pete as possible. They began to dance, if it could be called that as the floor was extremely crowded as lots of people seemed to want to dance to the slow music the DJ was playing. Ryan was talking to her, joking about things that happened with himself and Pete at work. He seemed like a genuinely nice guy.
She suddenly and uncontrollably jerked on poor Ryan as the vibrations started . . . and didn't stop. She had to put her head against Ryan's shoulder so he wouldn't see her face and she hoped he didn't get the wrong idea. The vibrations just kept on and she was beginning to lose the strength in her legs so she, in self-defense, let loose of his left hand and put both arms around his neck, holding most of her weight there. She didn't know what else to do but he certainly wasn't complaining yet. Then, she felt the intensity of the vibrations increase - Pete had raised the level. She was having trouble keeping her hips from actually bucking against Ryan as they danced, or rather as he held her up and they just sort of moved in place, and as she thought about it more she realized she was doing just that, but she couldn't stop herself. And, with that thought in her mind the intensity jumped again accompanied by an audible gasp from her. She had never imagined, in her fantasies, what this would be like.
Ryan had both arms around her waist and she could feel his hands on her bare back as he held her up. Her breathing was very ragged as the sensations rocketed through her body. Now, with that body against his she was sure she could feel his erection pressing against her stomach. That just seemed to raise her excitement level, if that was possible, as more and more of her weight was held up by Ryan's arms and neck and, her lust blinded brain, even in her passionate stupor, realized that no one would do that unless they knew what was happening. And, not thinking quite straight with her clit humming to those vibrations, she pulled one of her hands down to check if that was indeed his erection, touching it for just a moment in confirmation, then back around his neck again.
Ryan was like a high-powered sports car, sitting at the red light revving its engine in anticipation. Kim's touch on his erection was the green light he had been waiting for. He let out the clutch and was off. Pete had told him a few days ago what the plan was and asked him to help out, which, since he saw Kim's picture on Pete's desk several times a day, he knew would not be difficult at all and he had hardly been able to wait for the time to arrive. Now it was here and, with the light now green via her touch, he zoomed into action. Slowly his left hand, which had been enjoying its spot on her bare back which was now beginning to get a little moist with the perspiration of her arousal, slid gently downward to the scoop of that red dress, carefully lifting the edge and sliding under. He felt the tiny strap of the bikini pants and slid under that as well, moving across and still downward until he felt the cleft between those beautiful buns he had noticed earlier. His finger went in that crack to the accompaniment of her moans which hadn't slowed since he had felt that touch from her.
He pressed down and moved his hand some more, spreading the crack as he went until he was sure he must be near that tiny opening because he could feel the vibrations. Just a little more push and he was sure it was right there under his finger. Now, the other hand duplicated the progress of the first and he was squeezing her ass cheeks gently, enjoying the sensation although now, almost her total weight was on his neck since his arms were now otherwise occupied and he was glad he spent those hours at the gym. He squeezed again, greedily wishing he could get to the front of the dress since he knew she didn't have on a bra. But, Pete was his friend and he didn't want to ruin that friendship. He could hear Kim gasping more now, the moans deepening and he knew what was about to happen. The moans slowly changed to gasped out "ohhhh" after "ohhhh", her mouth suddenly sucking hard on his bare neck to muffle the cries and he pushed on her ass checks to hold her against him so her jerking couldn't be seen by the other dancers, her hips banging against his, her belly hitting his erection time after time. For long seconds he felt that jerking against him, against his erection that certainly hadn't gone away and he was afraid he might have an accident if she didn't stop soon.
To his relief and disappointment, she did stop as Ryan looked up and caught Pete's eye.
For Kim, just pulling her mouth away from Ryan's neck which, thank goodness, totally muffled the cries of her orgasm, the vibrations stopped. She could see that he would have a dandy hicky tomorrow. She also knew she was sweating and had been hanging all her weight on Ryan who obviously knew what was going on and she was sure he had enjoyed it - what man wouldn't. Her defiant side lit up and all the thoughts of what had just happened rushed helter skelter through her mind and, since she was purportedly still dancing with Ryan, she leaned her head back to give him an unsmiling stare. He looked at her, then looked quickly away, unsure of what might follow now. She wasn't sure of her feelings, but the orgasm had been wonderful, heightened by the voyeuristic circumstances where it had taken place. Ryan had been duped into this by Pete she was sure, but he needed to pay a little for the enjoyment he had obviously had.
"How was my ass?" she questioned, still with the unsmiling stare that he wasn't seeing.
Ryan was obviously surprised by the question and totally nonplussed about how to answer. "It was fine," he bumbled out.
"And could you please keep your hard on from poking me in the stomach. It's annoying." Now it was her turn to enjoy things a little, small compensation for what she had just been through. Plus, she was hoping she could dry off a little before she went back to the table. She could see Ryan's face turning a little red now. He looked down at her, a very timid expression on his face. Being still a little randy herself and, with him looking down at her she said, "It's really hot in here," and took hold of the top of her dress and pulled it out, blowing down into it as if cooling herself off. She was sure it gave him a pretty good view of most of her breasts, if not the best part that he would really have enjoyed. "Hope you enjoyed that," she said, "because I'm sure if you could have found a way, those hands would have squeezed them too a little earlier. Plus," and she leaned a little further backward, "you can sort of see what the rest of them are like by the front of the dress here." She thought he was beginning to tremble as his cheeks reddened even more.
Not being a cruel person though, Kim relented and smiled at Ryan who still looked a little chagrinned and puzzled. "Look, I know Pete talked you into this, he's good at that, and I don't think I'm being too conceited if I say I think you enjoyed it. Probably not something you'll share with your girlfriend but, then again, you might. And thanks for holding me up because my legs would not have done that and me, writhing around on the floor, would not have been a pretty sight. Plus, my hand seemed to have a mind of its own when it touched you, and that probably lit your fire a little more so I can't complain about what happened after that. Sorry about that."
Ryan finally found his voice as he seemed to realize he wasn't going to be drawn and quartered for what had happened. "What about Pete? Will he be totally pissed off? At me?"
She laughed. "I told him earlier, what happens, happens. So, that's exactly it. What happened, happened and we just move along. What he doesn't know won't bother him at all," although she knew that wasn't true for he'd want to know exactly what had happened the whole time. She hadn't decided yet what she'd tell him. They, along with lots of other people were still dancing, sort of, and, as she looked around, no one was staring at her so what had happened had miraculously gone unnoticed by all the others, which may have been the most amazing thing about the evening so far.
Wonderfully, before the moments became more awkward, the music stopped and they headed for the table, Ryan holding her hand and leading her through the throng, she trying to follow on legs that still didn't seem to want to work quite right. Plus, she knew if Pete vibrated that thing again she'd be in serious trouble. But, they made it back to the table and, as she was sitting down, Ryan was quickly gone. Kim slowly raised her head and semi-glared at Pete. He was trying to smile but wasn't sure enough of himself right now to do that. While it had seemed like fun when he had planned it, what had just happened was beginning to sink in and he wasn't sure how Kim might finally respond.
"I'm so hot," she said sliding around to be next to Pete and reaching under the table to feel his crotch. She kissed his ear, breathing heavily as she did. Now he did smile, anticipating what might be coming his way, thinking he might have underestimated its effect on her. With the white tablecloth blocking the view, she quickly unzipped his pants, and reached inside to grasp his quickly growing erection. She stroked it several times, a little moan escaping her lips which were still kissing his ear very gently. Then her hand slipped lower and she very softly took his balls in her hand . . . and squeezed them until his smile disappeared and he grunted, a shocked look on his face.
She squeezed a little harder and he grunted out an, "Oh shit." If they were not sitting at this table, maybe at home or something, he might have fought a little and gotten away. But, here, with all the people around, he was trapped and, after what he had just put Kim through, he was again a little afraid. He knew that she would not hesitate to squeeze till it really hurt, and it was hurting a good bit already. And, as he was hurting a little, who should decide to stop by the table to talk with them again but Andrew Warner, the owner of the company.
"Pete," he began and looked at her, "and Kim," he repeated, smiling proudly at having remembered her name. "I just thought that I'd give you some news and thought your wife might like to hear it too. We've decided to consolidate two departments, yours and Bernie's and, with Bernie leaving, there's no question that it will be your department with more than twice as many people so, of course, there'll be a nice pay increase for you." He smiled at Kim as he finished and, as Pete opened his mouth to say thank you, she gave a good squeeze.
"THANK YOU," came out of Pete's mouth, a loud, grunted response followed by an immediate, "sorry, I choked there. That's wonderful news."
Kim leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. "Congratulations, honey, that is wonderful news," she said, accompanied by another squeeze. This time Pete did a good job of covering his mild anguish.
"See you Monday, Pete," Andrew said as he stood up, "and enjoy the rest of the evening, Kim."
"Oh, I will sir, I certainly will," and Pete let out another grunt. Andrew Warner disappeared into the crowd.
Now Kim looked around quickly and, with the coast surprisingly clear, quickly crouched down and slid past the tablecloth and under the table, still with a tight grip on Pete's testicles. It was a little dark under there but the white tablecloth, which was made of somewhat thin material, did transmit a little light, enough for her to see what she needed to see. She smiled and quickly gripped Pete's rather limp penis. She knew that wouldn't do for what she had planned so she began licking it, from the base to the head and back again. When it began to respond, she used her mouth, taking it in and sliding her lips down to the base and then back up again. His hand slipped under the cloth and reached for her but a rather severe squeeze on those two tender orbs changed his plans almost immediately and the hand disappeared. Despite his hopes and wishes, and a few prayers that he could stay limp, that wasn't going to happen and Kim was now working him over good, her head bouncing up and down as she wanted to make this the best oral sex he'd ever had, but also the worst, if you know what I mean. And she was succeeding.
She heard others speaking to Pete, asking about her and where she was and almost had to stop what she was doing to laugh at his somewhat garbled and grunted answers and his explanations of why he sounded the way he did. She didn't think she'd ever enjoyed such a sexual act in such an unsexual way as she was now. She didn't slow down or stop again, her bouncing up and down, unseen under the table, until she felt him begin to tense and she wondered if anyone would be talking to him when he finally orgasmmed, which was beginning to happen. She pulled her head aside and used her other hand to keep stroking as his milky liquid shot out under the table, the first blast hitting the tablecloth on the far side, the next three or four landing on the floor with the last little bit dribbling over her hand.
When he was finished and drained, only then did she let loose of his testicles. She lifted the edge of the tablecloth. "All clear?" she asked, giggling a little.
"Yeah, but hurry," came his panting reply as he was trying to regain his breath.
"You can tuck that thing away when it's ready," she added, scooting in next to him on the bench seat as she wiped her hand on the tablecloth. "I'm sure the maintenance people will wonder what happened under there." She couldn't keep from laughing, much to his chagrin. "I wish I could have been two people, you know, one under there having my way with you and one up here, watching you respond to the people who stopped by."
"I wish you were just the one up here too. I hope you're not planning on more kids because I think I'm ruined. That little squeezing you did hurt like hell."
She leaned in and gave him a warm but hard kiss. "Not the evening that I expected and certainly not the one you expected either," she quipped. "But, when we get home we can see if we're both up for another round."
"You take that thing out?"
"Nope, it's in for the duration, per the consequence. But, I'm so sensitive right now that if you buzz it again I might just scream out at the top of my lungs."
He handed her the little remote control. "You can take care of yourself," he said. Then he smiled broadly. "I had my fun."
Kim smiled in return. She was sure he didn't know quite what fun she and particularly Ryan had had.