Emily's trip home went by with little incident at first. She enjoyed sitting in the bar, reminiscing about her experiences of the past two days.
A lot had changed. Before her trip, only two men had been privileged enough to know the feeling of sliding his cock into her lovely, slippery little pussy.
Now, on the journey back, that number had increased to eleven. Emily tried to picture the different men. She found that she could recall their cocks much easier than their faces. Joe, Rowan, Jason... that German guy, what was his name?
With a delicious shiver of realisation, Emily acknowledged that she knew the names of only three of the nine men who had fucked her yesterday. The majority she'd had sex with she had absolutely no idea what they were called. Many she didn't even know their nationality. That was an extraordinary feeling.
Emily was interested to see that a few tables down from where she sipped her cocktail sat the second guy who'd fucked her earlier today. He was probably a little older than Stephen, her son, and was with his girlfriend or wife. She wondered what his excuse had been when he'd slipped away to fuck a whore that afternoon.
Emily liked this situation. It was similar to the wedding when the guy's partners were with them. It meant Emily could tease and flirt as she saw fit, and the poor men were powerless to even acknowledge they knew her. She found this really hot.
Wickedly, she even struck up a conversation with his girlfriend, exchanging pleasantries about the sights of Amsterdam and the weather. The guy looked like he was about to faint in fear, his cock having been inside Emily only hours earlier that same day.
The next morning, she was packed and ready to disembark by nine. One thing she hadn't considered until now was the fact that her little flight bag, which she wheeled behind her like a dog on a leash, was crammed full of pornography. Hardcore porn like this was, in 1994, illegal in the U.K.
This gave her a sudden fear of discovery. Unknown to her, Emily was already on the radar of the customs people even on her trip out. A woman travelling alone to Amsterdam was always of some interest, but not usually for the reasons Emily had made the journey. As well as the capital of sex, Amsterdam was also a capital of drugs.
The customs guy was watching out for her. Emily's startled and scared reaction as he'd pulled her to one side indicated they had been right to single her out. But as she opened her case at his request, the contraband inside wasn't quite what he was expecting.
"Oh!" was all he could say. Lacy underwear and a pile of porno magazines were topped off by a large, realistic cock. Emily's lipstick was still visible halfway down the shaft from where she was fantasising about sucking a real one, just last night.
Emily was blushing red. But she wasn't embarrassed, she was terrified -- she had no idea what the consequences for smuggling hardcore pornography into the country were.
"I... I'm sorry," was all she could say at first. Colin, the customs guy, was still registering what was happening.
"Listen, I know this looks bad. I'm not a criminal, really, I'm not. What will happen to me?"
Colin had noticed how stunning Emily was when he'd been tasked with apprehending her. Looking at her pleading face now, she was even better looking than he'd remembered. And she was completely at his mercy.
"You'll need to wait, come with me." He held her arm firmly and led her to a door, along a corridor and into a small room which they used for strip searches.
"Wait here," he said sharply, locking the door. This was against protocol. Generally, they'd turn a blind eye to porn, unless it was coming in containers for mass sale. But the sexy girl he'd just locked up didn't know this.
Emily sat in the little room, just a chair and table for company. There wasn't even a window.
"Shit Emily! Shit!" she scolded herself. She was so desperate to bring home all her magazines she'd not even considered something like this could happen. The twenty minutes she sat and stewed felt like hours. Eventually Colin returned, carrying Emily's case solemnly.
Colin was examining Emily's cargo. When he caught sight of that amazing picture of Emily and two cocks on the front of 'Fuck!' magazine, his heart began pumping as fast as Emily's. Once he'd examined the other magazines and realised he had a genuine porn star locked in the interview room he firstly wondered if this was a setup.
He could just imagine Dave or one of the team doing something like this. If the subject matter wasn't so adult, he could have seen it as an episode of 'Candid Camera' or something.
But even if it was a setup, he wasn't going to miss this opportunity. He didn't consider himself to be a bad man, but he knew he was going to take advantage of his position. He felt like he had no choice. A chance like this would never happen again.
Emily stood, face a picture of contrition. Colin had formulated a plan, but there was no need -- Emily did everything for him.
"Oh, thank god, I was beginning to think I was stuck here forever!" she gasped. "Listen, can we please just forget this ever happened? I never thought for a moment -- I mean, that's just it, I didn't think. I'll never do anything like this again! Please, is there anything I can do?"
At these last words, Colin raised his eyebrow. That was all Emily needed. Suddenly she was on familiar territory. Her heart didn't stop pumping, but she recognised there was a way out here, and she found herself standing close enough to Colin that her breasts slightly brushed against the black jacket of his customs uniform.
"Did you look?" she asked quietly. "At the magazines?"
Colin nodded.
"Right. So, you know?"
He didn't react, just stared at her. To make sure he got a full appreciation of what was in front of him, Emily stood.
She had one route out of this. She bunched her hair up in one hand and turned. Colin's heart missed a beat. Emily was holding her hair up, seemingly inviting him to unzip her dress. And as his hands fumbled with the zip, he saw the word 'Whore' emblazoned across the base of her slim, long neck.
"Whore," he repeated, quietly.
"Yes," Emily confirmed. She turned her head around to meet Colin's eyes, She had him. "I'm yours. You can do anything you want with me -- on the understanding that I walk away with my bag and my stuff. Is that OK?"
Unsurprisingly it was. Colin was a married man, but his marriage hadn't featured much sex for quite a while now. His shift had actually finished now and there wasn't another boat for hours. They wouldn't be disturbed.
"Here's the deal," he said. "Two hours, you don't get to say 'no' to anything."
"Sounds like fun!"
Colin soon realised that Emily didn't have 'no' in her vocabulary. The way she eagerly opened her throat to allow him to fuck her face roughly. The way she sucked her own juice from his fingers. The way she pushed back as his finger and then his thumb pushed up inside her anus -- she was enjoying this as much as he was.
At that glance from Colin the fear had left Emily, and the thrill had come rushing back. This situation was suddenly unbelievably hot. Being locked up and taken advantage of like this -- what girl wouldn't get wet at the thought?
Colin came inside Emily after only five minutes. His cock was immediately presented to her mouth and she licked and sucked him clean as he watched his sperm slide out of her cunt. He handed her the dildo from her case and took out a copy of 'Cum Queens'.
"Fucking hell, look at you. What a fucking slut!" he said, the slight note of distain in his voice really hitting the spot for Emily. "Read it!"
He tossed the magazine over to her. Emily worked the dildo inside herself. It met little resistance and soon it was pumping in and out firmly.
"Emily Stainthorpe is addicted..." She began. The climax came from nowhere. She could see herself in the full-length mirror, spread open, cum trickling out of her pussy. Colin was pulling his cock which was rapidly approaching another full erection, and his eyes were glued to her cunt. She almost blacked out with pleasure, losing all power of speech.
Colin waited patiently, wanking slowly at the sight of this utter whore aroused almost to the point of unconsciousness, his sperm smeared across her thighs and one hand kneading a full, firm breast urgently. Eventually Emily was able to continue.
"Emily Stainthorpe is addicted to cum."
Colin reached out and picked up her passport from her bag. 'Emily Stainthorpe', it said clearly beneath the unsmiling picture. What kind of slut was this? She didn't even use a pseudonym.
"Is that true?" Emily nodded. One hand masturbating with increasing urgency, Colin loaded his fingers with the sperm which had pooled on the hard plastic chair Emily sat on and fed it to her. She smiled wickedly, accepting the disgusting mess into her mouth with delight.
"Emily is one of those girls who can never get enough," she continued, sperm tricking from the corner of her mouth. "Once one cock has served its purpose, she's immediately looking for the next."
Colin stood her up and spun the chair around, pushing her roughly forward so she could brace herself against the back.
"Oh, fuck that's hot!" she said involuntarily as Colin's tongue found its way to her anus. He spent a little time there and Emily loved the feeling of the tip of his tongue working deep into her ass, being replaced by a finger and then his thumb again, before he stood and began nudging the tip of his cock in there.
This was perfect, Emily thought. Only yesterday she'd made a mental note that she needed to get her asshole fucked soon, and she couldn't have picked a better situation.
Colin had the head inside quite easily, and from there it was a case of slowly working in and out, allowing Emily to stretch to accommodate him. Soon he was in a rhythm. He handed Emily the magazine so she could continue reading to him.
"Emily offered to 'model' for her local camera club. Ow!" She paused, grimacing as Colin's cock intruded more urgently. Anal sex was painful, but she felt pleasure building too.
"That's where these pictures come from, but Emily isn't doing it for the art, or for the money."
"Thats true, isn't it? You do it because you fucking love it, don't you? You are an utter fucking slut. A total fucking whore." The tattoo on her neck, which he held Emily's hair to one side to reveal, was written proof. Emily didn't argue.
"Yes, I fucking am!" She screamed in delight, the pain she'd been feeling finally easing and the deep, intense pleasure rising. "I'm such a slut! I'm such a whore! Fuck me!"
Soon Colin was banging into her ass without mercy. Emily's knees were buckling. Only yesterday she'd been re-introduced to the joys of being fucked by a real cock. Now she was experiencing anal for the first time. And the pleasure had increased to the point where she felt like she was having a continuous orgasm.
Emily's anus suddenly felt overcrowded. Colin was astonished to find that she'd introduced her dildo into her slippery cunt. Colin felt his dick squeezed against the fake cock, very little inside Emily separating them.
The sheer disgustingness of that feeling had him ready to blow again.
"In your mouth," he ordered. Emily spun around and his cock was in her mouth instantly. She didn't notice the taste of her own bowels at all, her only thought was the salty taste of sperm which she knew was coming.
As Colin watched Emily work hard to get the reward of another load of cum, his eyes moved to the pictures in 'Cum Queens' lying open on the floor at Emily's knees. Any thought that he was taking advantage of Emily was long gone now. She was in her element.
A thick stream landed on her nose and left eye before she clamped her lips around him and sucked greedily. Her one good eye held his gaze, encouraging every last drop into her mouth.
"Phew!" she smiled genially, releasing Colin's penis, a little dribble of cum escaping out of the corner of her mouth. "That was nice!"
"Christ you are insatiable, aren't you?" was all Colin could muster. Emily shrugged.
"You wanted two hours, you've still got half an hour left -- what's next?" she smiled.
Colin didn't have anything. Emily had taken everything he could muster. She, however, had some questions for him.
"So, sorry, I didn't catch your name?"
"Colin," said Colin.
"Nice to meet you, Colin," Emily smiled sweetly, licking up his cum which she'd just wiped from her eye. "I was wondering..."
And thus, Emily not only got through Customs with her cargo of pornography intact, but she made a very useful contact. Colin had been initially reluctant to help her. But when he heard her proposal, he became much more amenable.
He would ensure a blind eye was turned to any shipments that Emily tipped him off about. In return he was welcome to help himself to copies of the hardcore pornography held within. And Emily had made it clear that she'd be more than happy to accompany him to the little debriefing room on what would become her regular trips to Amsterdam.
This was a good deal for both of them, and Colin was already looking forward to debriefing Emily again. He did consider how wise it would be, career-wise. Porn wasn't a big focus, these days. Drugs, that would be different. But porn, that probably wouldn't even be a sacking offence, he reasoned. Encounters with Emily had a way of changing people's perspective.
*******
Shannon noticed a difference in Emily the moment she arrived. She knew why her mother-in-law had gone to Amsterdam, but the way she almost floated into the shop told her that she had a tale to tell. Emily dumped the eleven hardcore porn magazines onto the counter.
"Fucking hell Emily!" Shannon said. "You are in all of these?"
"Yep," Emily confirmed, glowing with pride. "And that's not all."
Shannon listened in disbelief, amazement and growing awe as Emily recounted the events of her trip to Amsterdam. She had packed in a lifetime of sexual experiences into the two days she'd been in the city of sex.
"For fuck's sake Emily! You are out of control!" Shannon shook her head in disbelief, trying to get her head around what Emily had done in the few days since she saw her last.
That her boss had ended her holiday by whoring herself to the men of Amsterdam from one of their famous windows was just the latest in a long list of 'times Emily had gone too far'.
Shannon thought Emily couldn't surprise any more, but she never failed. She knew she should disapprove of Stephen's mum's behaviour. Nobody did the things Emily did -- nobody. Perhaps that was why she found herself admiring her mother-in-law so much. She was just so unashamed, so unrepentant. And so, so fucking sexy.
"I was worried I was getting locked up for a little while there," Emily smiled. She was positively glowing after reliving all the unbelievably dirty details of her short holiday. "I've got a photoshoot tonight, wouldn't want to miss that!"
Emily's photoshoots were a codeword for a gathering of the members of the camera club. The membership of the club had been increasing with each weekly session, and hardly any of the new members were actually photographers. Each session finished with Emily thoroughly covered in the sperm of the members, who used her mouth and hands to ensure everyone had a great time.
Given everything she'd just learned about Emily's holiday, Shannon wasn't hugely surprised to hear of Emily's plans to 'move things along'.
"Things are definitely going to heat up," she smiled knowingly. There wasn't much more this could mean. Emily already let the members feast on her body, taste her pussy, finger her, slide their cocks deep into her throat, all for the multiple cameras which were responsible for the content selling so well all around the world.
"Are you going to..." Shannon paused. Emily nodded.
"I'm going to get fucked on camera," she confirmed. As ever, her enthusiasm was infectious. Shannon was past any thoughts of trying to slow her boss down, rather she enjoyed watching her push the limits with such freedom. But she did try to offer a note of caution.
Shannon's reminder that Emily should make the guys use condoms gave her food for thought. This was a big deal in the 90's, AIDS was looming and, much as she wanted to pretend it wasn't an issue, her daughter-in law forced her to consider her options.
For Shannon, the thought of what went on at those shoots had her mind racing at the best of times. Her conversation with her mother-in-law had spun it into overdrive. Emily had told Shannon of her decision to fuck on camera. Those dirty sessions were going to move to a new level.
The whole dynamic was more than weird, she knew that. It was bad enough that Shannon was developing an obsession with her mother-in-law. Not necessarily lusting after her directly, but she found herself wishing she was in Emily's place.
Furthermore, Stephen -- her husband and Emily's own son - had started encouraging this. She knew it was weird, and totally wrong. Every time they had sex, Stephen would revel in Shannon describing how it would be if she took Stephen's mother's place at the photoshoots, where twenty or more men would be free to grope, finger, masturbate over her. And her mouth would be constantly filled with cock.
As her husband was ready to cum, Shannon would describe how she'd encourage a roomful of strange men to cover her in their sperm. And she enjoyed the thought of it as much as Stephen did -- probably more.
But that wasn't, she suspected, all that unusual. The fact that Shannon was taking home several magazines showing Stephen's mother doing all the things they both dreamed of Shannon doing was the weird part.
At first Stephen had refused to even look at his mother's dirty pictures. Shannon knew the change in him was mostly her fault. She had told Stephen how proud he should be that his mother was so attractive. She'd made it sound perfectly normal that his mum was spreading her cunt on centrefolds across the country. And gradually Stephen had seemed to accept it.
It had progressed now to the stage where each sex session they had ended in them perving over Emily and her antics. The sex was so good, and they were having so much of it, neither of them had any inclination to change anything.
Shannon waited until they'd eaten before saying anything.
"So, your mum's back," she began casually.
"Oh, right. Did she have a good time?" Stephen knew why she'd gone to Amsterdam.
"Yeah -- she was walking on air when she got back. Seems a lot happened whilst she was over there."
"Yeah? What like?"
"Well, this, for a start," Emily had allowed Shannon to take away some of the magazines. She placed them down on the table with what seemed like a touch of reverence.
Stephen had found the fact that his friends openly admitted to masturbating over his mother hard to deal with at first. But Shannon had helped a lot, telling him how amazing Emily was, so sexy, beautiful and confident. Shannon told him that his friends, for all their noise and bluster, really couldn't believe their luck at knowing someone like her.
Once Stephen realised that his mum was actually a bit of a celebrity, really, and that his friends were just doing what any sensible, red-blooded man would do, he came to terms with it much more easily than Shannon expected.
Stephen was actually hugely grateful for the increasing influence his mum had on his wife. Before Shannon got close to Emily, sex had been fun but quite boring, looking back. There hadn't been any indication that his new wife might have such a naughty side. But she seemed to draw inspiration from the filthy things his mum did. On balance, he would take a slut mother if it meant having a slut wife.
When Shannon tossed him the copy of 'Cum Queens', he raised his eyebrows. The title gave a big clue to what was within those pages.
He glanced at his wife. The glint in her eye told him they'd be engaged in some sex act or other very soon. Shannon had more news, though.
"And it seems she decided to... do a little work while she was over there," she continued.
"Work?"
"Yeah. The oldest profession," Shannon said knowingly. Stephen didn't get it. She tried another angle. "Seems the place she was staying had some spare room in the windows. Right in the middle of the red-light district it was."
Stephen finally cottoned on to what his wife was saying. His mother had decided to use her trip away to do some work as a prostitute!
"What the fuck!"
"I know!" Stephen's wife's smile told him everything he needed to know. His mother was now officially a whore, and she'd definitely not painted an unfavourable picture to her daughter-in-law. "Apparently she worked for about four hours, and she had nine different guys!"
Stephen should have found this news devastating. Just a few weeks previously he likely would have. But he didn't.
He knew this shouldn't turn him on. But it did. It wasn't the fact his mum was now a prostitute along with everything else. It was the fact that his wife was clearly getting off on the thought of his mother opening her legs for money and fucking a string of strangers. For whatever reason, this had him as hard as iron, yet again.
He didn't want to change anything. But he did wonder how it would all end. For now, though, all he knew is that he had a raging erection, and at the other end of the table was a very willing recipient of what he wanted to give.
"You like the idea?" he said casually.
"What?" Shannon said. She wanted him to spell it out.
"You know. Standing in a window, offering yourself up to strangers."
"It's pretty hot, yeah. The idea, I mean."
"Of course, just the idea. So, you'd stand there in your underwear, just waiting for whoever wanted you to come knocking."
"Yeah." Stephen was now behind Shannon, massaging her neck.
"What could they do to you?"
"Anything. Whatever they paid for."
"So, you'd suck their cocks?"
"Of course I would. What kind of whore would I be if I didn't?" Stephen's own cock appeared over Shannon's shoulder. She picked up 'Cum Queens' and started flicking through. The first shoot featured one girl and two men. She put the magazine down on the table and reached back and grasped her husband's hard penis.
"Is this what you want me to do?" she asked, reaching back and pulling Stephen's cock firmly and slowly. She turned the pages until she got to the scene of his mother on her knees, smiling into the camera as her face was plastered with semen from all angles.
"You'd fucking love that, wouldn't you?" Shannon didn't immediately respond, so Stephen pulled his wife's leg up onto the table, opening up her delectable, cleanly shaved pussy. Shannon had started shaving down there not long after she started work at his mum's shop.
"Wouldn't you?" he reminded her, ramming his dick inside with no foreplay. Shannon felt a little discomfort but at the second stroke his cock was coated in her juice, and he was able to slam in much deeper.
"God, yes, I fucking would. Just kneel there and let any fucker just wank over me. And you'd love it too, wouldn't you? Watching your wife get treated like a piece of fuck meat?"
Stephen hadn't heard this before. 'Fuck meat'. Shannon had a real dirty streak. He looked at the back of his wife's head. She was utterly fascinated with the pictures of Emily. Stephen found himself looking at the scenes of his mum.
It was so wrong even to look. But the way his young wife eagerly absorbed every last immoral, disgusting thing his mother did was such a turn-on. On balance he was quite glad about the way everything was turning out.
*******
Emily had, the previous evening, enjoyed another amazing session with the camera club. It was just what she needed after her exciting holiday, being back in front of the camera again.
She finished the session, as usual, completely caked in cum. As the guys filed out she let them know that she was looking to 'turn up the heat' the next week. She didn't spell it out, but it wasn't hard to work out what she meant.
"If any of you guys happen to arrive next week with a clear test from Stanton Lane, then you might be in for an extra special treat!"
Stanton Lane medical centre was, as everyone in town knew, the sexual health clinic. The naked, cum covered Emily was spelling out to the guys that, if they would just visit the clinic and get a clean bill of sexual health, they may be able to fuck her next week.
This announcement made the following week go almost unbearably slowly. She wondered if she'd been clear enough, if the guys would have understood what she meant by a 'clear test'.
She discovered that there would be no problem on that front when she was queueing in the supermarket. Two women were talking in front of her.
"...ten times as many as usual. We're rushed off our feet!" a middle-aged woman in a nurse's uniform was telling her friend.
"Why do you think that is?"
"We don't know. Mary thinks they might have increased the advertising, you know, with AIDS and all. For people to get checked out. And someone said there's a storyline on one of the soaps, you know, around STDs. But whatever it is, we haven't stopped all week!"
If they'd looked at Emily, they'd have seen a delighted and satisfied smile. The guys had listened, and there was going to be some fun tomorrow night.
Will and Anne had popped into the shop, still not used to the fact that Shannon and not Emily was now looking after things most of the time. They left a cryptic message to pass on, which Shannon had immediately decoded.
There was a new venue for the 'meeting' tonight. The community centre, it was booked from eight until ten.
*******
Emily had been on the edge all day. She was already beside herself at the thought of what might happen later. But now she was told the club would be operating at the community centre, things had ramped up even more.
She'd been to the big hall before, for a jumble sale. It was a large, very well-lit space. There was something clinically exciting about it being the venue for her first full sex on camera. She wondered who she was going to fuck.
When she arrived, the car park was almost full already. She was dressed, at the request of one of the guys last week, as Princess Leia from Return of the Jedi. She'd paid quite a lot for the costume, but it was excellent, she thought.
Emily stopped in her tracks as soon as she entered the building. She had to catch her breath. At the last meeting there had been twenty-two guys, which was a real squeeze in Will's little basement studio.
This evening there must have been double that, at least. It felt like a crowd. Will came to greet her.
"I told you we had a lot of interest, if we were to get enough room," he explained. "and you did say 'the more the merrier."
"I did," Emily smiled. The concept of the camera club seemed to have changed months ago. Rather than camera enthusiasts, all the new members in the past few months had seemed to be present purely to either watch or get their hands on Emily. This worked fine for her -- the five or six guys with their cameras ensured plenty of pictures, and she was absolutely fine with there being an abundance of men in attendance.
Looking around the room she saw lots of new faces she didn't recognise, but also lots she did. At least two of Stephen's friends. Both Ryan and his friend Paul. And Oliver.
Shannon's father Oliver had joined the club. This was interesting. Emily really liked Oliver. Despite everything she told herself, not to get involved, there was something about him. She was glad he was here.
But they were hardly going to forge a relationship in this environment, were they? And there was the small matter of his wife Michelle, Shannon's mother, to consider too.
"Hi guys!" she greeted them all confidently. In the middle of the hall a makeshift stage, about a foot higher than the rest of the room had been set up. Upon it was a simple wooden chair, nothing else. Surrounding it were lots of identical chairs, circling the stage.
"Wow!" she said happily. "Lots of new members. But not many more cameras, considering this is a camera club! I wonder what you are all doing here?"
She raised her eyebrows in mock accusation and slipped out of her coat. A murmur became a roar and Emily was touched to hear applause. The guys appreciated her outfit so much. She knew she looked good, her hair was very similar to Leia's in the film, and she sported a long pony tail. Her bikini wasn't metal, but the shiny gold plastic was heavy and it was a pretty good copy.
Emily was a bit bustier than Leia, and her breasts bulged attractively from the bikini top. Her bare midriff demonstrated a superbly slim waist which expanded out to hips upon which hung a loincloth which draped onto the floor front and back, her legs bare.
Emily bowed, and silence fell as her show began.
Oliver knew he probably shouldn't be there. No - there was no 'probably' about it. He was married, his daughter worked for this woman and his wife now actively resented her. Michelle barely let an hour go by without some disparaging comment about Shannon 'going to work for that whore again'.
Little did she know that her own husband, for whom she rarely displayed any show of affection, had now experienced Emily's talents, to different degrees, on three separate occasions.
Oliver masturbated daily using a combination of the several magazines he hid very carefully beneath the shoe compartment in his side of the wardrobe, and some incredible memories. He thought he'd been lucky, but in fact he realised that if you were male and around Emily for long enough, it was almost inevitable you'd be ejaculating sooner rather than later. It was just a matter of time.
The night in the pub on the wedding night had really opened his eyes. Until then he'd considered himself a normal, traditional, upstanding gentleman. But almost as much as he relived the thought and the feelings of unloading his balls into Emily's willing mouth or face, he couldn't shake the image of her moving onto the next with equal excitement, of holding one cock in each hand.
Being the analytical type, and quite surprised with his reaction, he had tried to understand why this was. He definitely wasn't gay, he knew that. But the sight of large, thick cocks being dealt with by his daughter's boss and mother-in-law with such affection and enthusiasm was one which immediately, above all else, got him instantly hard.
He recalled Emily's face when her teasing had become too much, and he just pulled his cock out and wanked onto her counter. Her eyes lit up as soon as his penis was in view and widened as he erupted onto the clear glass. This wasn't an act or a ploy, there was nothing hidden with her. She simply loved cock.
So, when Shannon had casually mentioned the camera club, he'd immediately left his number with the guy, Will, who'd promised to call him back as soon as there was an opening.
And now, after paying his ten pounds monthly subscription fee, he was watching Emily flaunt herself on a stage in front of quite a crowd of men. For anyone of a certain age her outfit was the ultimate fantasy, and Oliver learned with delight that Leia opted for no underwear under that famous purple loincloth, and that she shaved her pussy completely.
Emily paraded around the stage, opting to keep the bikini on for a while before losing the top. She kept the bottom part on but made sure all the guys got a constant unrestricted view. She spread her legs at every request, pulling the cloth aside for the cameras and the audience. Soon her fingers were down there, stretching her little hole open so her moistness was clear to all.
If Oliver had attended any previous club meetings he might not have been surprised when the guy beside him pulled his cock out and started masturbating slowly, eyes fixed on the stage. Glancing around, he saw several others doing the same. That made him feel a little less self-conscious about the bulge which his arm had been hiding. He began squeezing himself through the loose material of his trousers.
"Right, that should do for the soft stuff, right?" Emily said in a businesslike voice. She was sat on the stage, legs wide apart. "Shall we do a little one on one?"
Plenty of the guys knew what this meant, and soon Emily was kissing a man around Oliver's age passionately. Oliver reflected that Michelle had never kissed him like that in their twenty years of marriage. The man made his way down her body and the guys murmured in appreciation as her legs opened for him.
Although there was a huge attraction Oliver felt to Emily, and not all of it sexual, there wasn't an ounce of jealousy as he watched her seduce this guy for the camera. Making sure there was a clear route through for the eye and camera to see everything, she enjoyed a tongue and fingers for some time, until her ecstatic, orgasmic groans echoed around the large room, which was mostly empty save for the throng of men gathered watching Emily's show in the middle.
By the time Emily released the lucky guy's cock, Oliver could barely see a man who wasn't overtly masturbating without shame. There was clearly no social barrier to him simply doing what his body was telling him to do, and soon his own cock was free, and he was pumping it slowly, enjoying the little pangs of pleasure which shot from his penis through his whole body as he watched Emily start to suck cock.
"Oh Dad!" Shannon whispered sharply.
When Shannon had told Stephen that Emily's club was moving to the community centre tonight, they'd casually speculated about who might attend and what may happen. Stephen could tell that Shannon had an insatiable urge to witness it -- especially after the news of his mum's decision to take things further this week.
"You know, I was doing the electrics there just the other week," he'd said casually.
Shannon and Stephen had found it remarkably easy to slip in before the main group arrived, there were lots of people coming in and out. Stephen knew the main fuse box was in a small projector room overlooking the main hall, where films and slideshows were broadcast from.
This was a perfect vantage point. The smoked glass made it easy to see out into the brightly lit space, but from the outside there was no seeing in. Even the fact that there was a small window up there, just five metres or so above the raised stage area the guys had built, was not obvious.
And so Stephen had watched his mother strip off, to roars of approval. This situation was weird, they both knew it. Stephen was erect at the sight of his own mother.
Shannon didn't mind. She herself had been harbouring a growing lust for her mother-in-law, even though she never thought about other girls. Emily was different though. She was like a black hole, drawing in everything in the vicinity.
Shannon could feel her husband's excitement. She shared it, gripping his cock firmly as they both enjoyed the show.
Her father being in attendance was quite a shock though. Stephen was first to notice, and he took great delight in letting Shannon know that her father was as much of a pervert as his mother was. Shannon didn't really know what to think. She had never picked her dad as the type to be interested in something like this. But, she reasoned, it was Emily. Who could resist?
They were almost directly above Oliver, looking down with a perfect vantage point over the crowd and the stage, unknown to anyone. Shannon first realised just how aroused she was when the guy sitting beside her dad pulled his hard, thick cock free of his jeans.
"Oh my god!" was all she could say, as three, four, even more penises were freed just below her. Stephen was nudging his own cock against her, her loose skirt around her waist. She pulled the gusset to one side to allow him inside.
"Look, that's Mr fucking Newton!" Shannon giggled. Only a few short years ago, Mr Newton was teaching both Stephen and Shannon history A-level. Watching him pulling his dick free of his trousers and wanking with the others was a bizarre sight.
Stephen was at least as aroused as Shannon, which was saying something. His mum was now sucking the cock of Alistair, the guy who worked at the petrol station. He had already noticed his friends Gavin and Mark were in attendance.
Stephen saw his wife watching with great interest as both guys joined in the group masturbation session, each freeing an erect cock which should generally be a sight no married woman would ever see. But Shannon was seeing twenty, thirty, even more dicks being released and wanked to the sight of Emily on stage.
She knew it was coming. Her father had been pretty obviously squeezing and pulling his hard penis through his trousers. He was the last to succumb, but Shannon watched her father free his cock and begin pulling it slowly, just like all the other men in the room.
Stephen was fucking her quite firmly now. Despite the group containing his friends and her own father he egged her on as his cock stretched her open and they both watched on at the wondrous sight before them.
"You fucking love that, don't you? All those dicks? You can't fucking take your eyes off them!"
It was almost true, but Shannon's eyes, like Stephen's, were uncontrollably drawn back to Emily.
It was time. Emily was ready and so was this man, whatever his name was. She positioned herself on the edge of the stage, legs spread wide open, and pulled him closer. He was just about to enter her when she realised she'd failed to do her due diligence.
"Hey, wait a minute. You've got your test results, right?"
It turned out that Alistair, the guy from the petrol station, did not have the evidence of his clear test to hand. Emily instead welcomed Mark, Stephen's old friend, who was only too happy to take Alistair's place.
"I remember you!" Emily smiled. He had one of those faces that felt like it had been around for ever. She could definitely place it at birthday parties, the wedding party, where she was sure she'd danced with him, and multiple visits to her shop. He'd accumulated a burgeoning stash of porn featuring his friend's mother.
But this was next level. Emily's foreplay was a group effort. Alistair had done his bit there. She was dripping wet, very much ready. And so was Mark.
Someone had the bright idea to bring over one of the folding tables that were piled up in the corner, ready for the next jumble sale. As Emily lay back on it, her dripping cunt was the perfect height for Mark to ease his throbbing dick inside her.
"What does that feel like? Watching Marko fucking your mum?" Shannon whispered. She'd felt Stephen's strokes intensify significantly as his friend had begun to penetrate his mother. Even up in the supposedly soundproofed booth, they could hear Emily crying out in pleasure and encouragement as Mark began to really fuck her.
Oliver had to very deliberately force himself to release his grip on his cock, to try to cool off. Emily's reaction to a young, bare penis being pushed in and out of her relentlessly was unbearably exciting. She just loved it. Adored it. Her face, her reaction to being fucked by this guy she'd just pulled at random, the first guy to produce a clean test, was too fucking horny, it really was.
Emily was the antithesis to Michelle. Anything Michelle wouldn't dream of doing, Emily spent her life striving towards. Oliver caught her eye for a moment and was sure she winked at him, just before resuming her love affair with the raft of cameras recording her being fucked.
Emily had enjoyed being fucked as a whore in Amsterdam. That had been an amazing day. But today trumped that on several counts.
Firstly, she had an audience of at least forty guys. Almost all of them had their hard cocks out and were wanking at the sight of her enjoying herself with complete abandon. This was incredible.
Additionally, she'd not considered the physical feeling of an unprotected cock being pushed up inside her. Flesh against flesh, no thin rubber membrane separating their pleasure. She was enjoying that very much. She would do anything to keep this going, to continue feeling that hard, warm flesh banging into her.
But the best part was that there would be none of the sanitised catching and disposing of sperm which had been necessary in Amsterdam. She still felt a pang of regret as she pictured the pile of full condoms in the bin in the corner of her little room. She was going to enjoy the guys cum today.
Mark pulled free of Emily's pussy, his cock glistening in the bright lights, and unloaded an impressive amount of sperm onto her stomach and breasts. At the request of the photographers, Mark held his slowly softening cock beside Emily's smiling face as they recorded the aftermath of her first fuck on camera.
There was no shortage of volunteers to continue Mark's good work. Eleven guys had taken the time to visit Stanton Lane that week, and all were rewarded with Emily's soaking, eager cunt. Stephen watched eleven men take turns fucking his mum. Shannon felt Stephen cum inside her, but stay in there, before resuming pumping in and out after only a few minutes.
Shannon was horny now, more than she could remember. Stephen fucking her cum-filled cunt as they watched Emily taking on cock after cock had her spewing complete filth.
"Fuck me! I fucking love that, a big cock pumping into my juicy little cunt, full of cum!" she hissed. Stephen obeyed. Shannon was entranced at the scene below them.
"God I'd fucking love to do that, you know it don't you?" she continued, "I want you to turn me over, fuck me on my back while all of those guys take turns to use my mouth and cum in my face. I'm not kidding, I want it!"
"You really want it? A load of guys just fucking your face? Is that what you want?"
"I fucking need it!" Shannon was rubbing her clit frantically. Stephen could tell this wasn't just words, just fantasy. Being around his mother, working in her shop, selling porn to all these guys and now watching Emily reward half the men in town with free use of her body had rubbed off on Stephen's wife.
Stephen's other friend Gavin now had his cock in Emily's mouth.
"Look at that Steve!" Shannon moaned. Only a few months back these two were groomsmen at their wedding. Watching the sheer filthy delight with which they penetrated her mother-in-law and boss brought an orgasm rushing through her.
"Look at them! Fucking spit roasting her. I want that so much Steve! Two cocks hammering into me at once. Will you make it happen for me? I don't care who, your friends, ex boyfriends, strangers, anyone!"
Stephen didn't reply, he was too busy shooting a second load into Shannon's hungry cunt.
Emily was having fun. This was just what she'd imagined, and so much more. The bigger venue and bigger audience brought bigger excitement. She looked around the room, every eye fixed on her and what she loved to do.
The decision to allow the guys to fuck her had brought another level of intensity to everything. As her eyes searched around the room, she saw not a single man without his hand fixed to his erect cock. There were eleven guys who could fuck her, but she meant to extract every last drop of cum available to her from every single cock in that room.
The guys on the cameras were struggling to keep up, partly because men were beginning to circle Emily, who encouraged them closer, making it hard to get a good shot. But also, almost all of them were operating one-handed most of the time, it was impossible to do a professional job.
Soon Emily was surrounded completely, at least five men on hand at all times. There was no direction, no rules, other than the only guys who could fuck her were those who had provided a test as she'd asked. But her mouth, hands, breasts, anything else that came within reach were available to all of the men.
This was no longer a photoshoot. It was a gangbang. The cameramen couldn't get close enough to get any decent shots. The only people with a clear, unrestricted view of Emily were her son and daughter-in-law, watching on secretly from the little window above the debauchery.
"She really can't get enough, can she, your mum. How many is that?" Shannon murmured in awe, as yet another hard cock unloaded into Emily's smiling mouth and over her face. Stephen was still hard and still pumping away inside her, building up a third load. The residue of the first and second deposits of semen he'd fired up inside his wife were smeared over the inside of her thighs and still spilled out of her as they continued to fuck.
"She's a total whore," Stephen agreed. "I don't know how many so far, but she's not going to stop until everyone has had enough, is she? How many did you say?"
Shannon had been enjoying counting up just how many men her mother-in-law had at her disposal. She'd arrived at forty-four, but that had increased to forty-five when the caretaker had arrived. Evidently his fee for the discreet use of the hall included Emily taking his load over her tits and face.
Oliver was standing at the outside of a mass of lustful masculinity. Occasionally a bare leg or arm could be glimpsed, but he couldn't see a lot more. The knowledge of what was happening behind that wall of men kept him hard like iron, and his hand was clenched around his penis like every other man present. There were a few outliers like him, and some who were already spent were sitting back down and watching the show.
Eventually, as Emily sent a few more guys away a few ounces lighter and with a dazed smile of satisfaction fixed across their faces, he saw an opportunity and managed to slip in at her left side.
She was very busy. A young man who Oliver thought may work at Blockbuster video was fucking her hard. She was on her side and the loincloth of her sexy outfit was twisted and sodden, sperm sliding down her body and accumulating on the laminate table.
Her whole body was bouncing forward and back under the impact of the blockbuster guy, forcing her face into the crotch of the lucky man who Emily's mouth was attending to. He had a familiar face too. The last time he'd seen Mr Newton he'd been lamenting Shannon's poor attendance record at parents evening. His face screwed up in enjoyment as he came in Emily's mouth.
"Thanks!" Emily smiled up at him. Just like all the guys here, she'd spent the best part of the last year teasing and priming him, serving him pornography with a smile and a low-cut top, making herself the object of his fantasies.
And this was the culmination of all that. Every guy here had followed a similar path. They'd been intrigued at the new sexy shopkeeper.
They'd been drawn in by Emily's beautiful looks and sexy outfits.
They'd been excited to see Emily encourage them to buy porn from her and loved that she approved of them taking it home to wank over.
They had thought it unbelievable when Emily had dirty pictures from her past published, and rather than be embarrassed, she'd encouraged all the guys to buy them.
They found it astounding that she'd developed into a full-blown porn star, selling them material of her stripping off and masturbating for the camera.
All of this had cemented Emily as the number one fantasy in the mind of every man present. But fantasy was gone. This was reality. Imagination was no longer required.
Eventually it was Oliver's turn, the young lad to his right had only lasted a few minutes before plastering Emily's face with yet another load.
A man he recognised from the pub had Emily's legs gripped firmly in each arm, her toes pointed to the sky. He was fucking her as hard as they all had, and she was on her back, her head tipped over the end of the table. Wiping some semen from her eye, she saw who it was.
"Oliver!" she smiled happily. Oliver looked at her, her whole body sliding back and forward on the table, slippy with semen. "I... Didn't realise.... You were... here!" her speech was interrupted by a physical surge of pleasure from each thrust the stranger gave.
"Yeah, I thought I'd see what all the fuss was about!" Oliver said amiably. Emily glanced down and was pleased to note Oliver, like everyone else, was erect and masturbating.
"So, what do you think?" she smiled sweetly, through a mask of cum, eyes red and hair matted.
"I think," said Oliver, reintroducing his penis to Emily's mouth, "you are the biggest whore in the world."
"Thanks!" she said, half-muffled by the thick cock which Oliver forced a little further than was comfortable. She liked this.
Oliver liked this too. He stood firm, holding his body still. The motion of Emily being fucked forced his cock right to the back of her throat each time. Her eyes widened with each thrust.
"Your dad is face-fucking my mum," Stephen observed. Shannon couldn't help but laugh.
"I hadn't noticed," she said sarcastically.
"Are you OK with it? I mean, what about Michelle?"
Shannon hadn't spoken to her mother since the wedding. She'd never really got on with her at all. She didn't know any details of their sex life, but her mum was never affectionate or loving with her dad.
Given that Shannon herself was constantly aroused by Emily, she couldn't blame her father, a red-blooded man who she guessed had enjoyed very little sexual release over the length of his marriage, from taking up the offer which all these other men had grasped so enthusiastically.
"Well, I mean, look at her. Who wouldn't want to fuck her?"
All the eleven guys who had a ticket to fuck Emily had now been worn out. Things seemed to be drawing to a close, but there were still at least five men, including Oliver, yet to cum. All were gathered around. Oliver wasn't going to allow his prime position in her mouth to be taken from him, so the other guys were just wanking over Emily's body, already glistening with the huge amount of semen she'd already been donated.
"That's it boys, wank those hard cocks for me. I want all of your cum all over this fucking slutty body!"
The first guy started a chain reaction; seeing how eagerly Emily took the latest thick load, which was fired into the side of her head, filling her ear and temporarily deafening her, set off another, and then another.
Emily turned in delight, trying to address each spurting cock, turning as the next one went off, opening her mouth and accepting all the cum she was offered gratefully.
Oliver shook his head in disbelief. Emily's smile told the story. Oliver was the final guy left.
"Saving the best until last," she smiled. Emily opened her mouth, her tongue out, waiting for Oliver to cover it. In his peripheral vision, Oliver could see men watching on, gathering their things together. Every one of them had already experienced the delights that this incredible woman held.
And yet, somehow, Emily made Oliver feel special. Even as her face bore the contents of the balls of countless men. Even though she was prepared -- no, delighted, to open her legs for anybody who had been prepared to get a clean test from the clinic. Even though she was, unequivocally, an easy whore. He still felt like his cum hitting her tongue was special to her, somehow.
And, in truth, it was. Emily did have a soft spot for Oliver. She was glad he had witnessed everything she did, everything she was. There was no room for doubt now, so the fact that he, Shannon's father, was still around, and was pumping his cum into her mouth meant something to her.
"Oliver!"
"Oh shit!" Shannon was glad she was hidden away. Michelle, her mother, Oliver's wife, had burst into the hall. Around her, men were tucking their cocks back in their pants. Oliver was mid-ejaculation, and Emily's lips were clamped around his dick. Panicked, he pulled free, but he was still spurting. Emily couldn't help giggling as a thick stream of cum hit her forehead.
Oliver wasn't laughing though, and neither was his wife.