Chapter 1 Exhibitionists and Voyeurs
Sitting at the patio table in my wheelchair, I could not keep from staring at the sexy sight before me. Lying on a lounge chair, no more than ten feet from me was a lovely naked woman. Her legs were spread, with her one leg bent. This gave me an unobstructed view of her almost hairless crotch. It was obvious this woman was an exhibitionist; she was getting off being watched.
As I stared, her red nailed fingers began to twist the tuft of hair at the apex of her slit. In a short time the pink lips began to part. I could not tell if her arousal was caused by her playful fingers or by the excitement of being watched.
Gazing along her flat belly, I could see her smiling, as my eyes came to rest on the two tanned breasts rising like mountains from her chest. As I ogled her large breasts her pink tongue slid along her red lips, giving them a moist, inviting sheen. I could not see if she was looking at me because she had on sunglasses, but I knew she was putting on a show for me.
As I stared at the erotic vision before me, I noticed her finger start to gently circle the top of her cleft. Gradually her pink erect clitoris began to emerge from its protective sheath. Slowly the red nailed digit began to disappear into the moistening crevice. I could not believe what I was seeing. This wanton vixen was blatantly masturbating herself on a public beach, knowing full well I was watching. It was obvious she was enjoying the affect she was having on me. The white loin cloth I was wearing was beginning to rise. Soon my arousal could be clearly seen by any who cared to look. All I could think of was driving my throbbing erection into the moist pink cleft only ten feet away from me.
My lust fantasy burst like a soap bubble when a voice queried, "Were you thinking of me or is that tent between your legs for someone else?" Setting our drinks on the table Cinnamon plunked her naked brown ass on my lap inquiring, "Do you like the scenery around here?" Brushing her fingers over my flag pole, Cinnamon asked with a laugh, "Are you surrendering? I can see your white flag waving. I guess you are hoping to be raped and pillaged."
"I don't know what you mean," I stuttered. "I was just doing some people watching while I waited for you to come back with the drinks."
"I can see the people you were watching. I think she enjoys putting on a show as much as you savor the sight." Turning so I could see the entire length of Cinnamon's body she asked, "Don't you think I have as much to offer as her? I might even have more!" She laughed, giving her breasts a shake.
After surveying Cinnamon's nude brown body from her black curly hair to her glossy white toenails I agree. She has more to offer. Her 37DD 27 37 frame is more voluptuous. The gold nipple rings, the belly button ring, the clit hood ring, and the rings in each of her labia lips give Cinnamon a primitive erotic look. I also like her clean shaved pubis better then the tuft of hair on the other woman.
Giving me a mischievous smile, Cinnamon turned to face the other woman's male companion whispering, "I think I can give her friend a better show than she gave you. You know I'm shameless when it comes to flaunting my body."
"You sure are!" I agreed, nestling the shaft of my bobbing erection along the crack of Cinnamon's firm brown buns. "I love to watch you make other men hard. It makes them so envious of me. Give him your hottest show! Let him see you cream all over my legs!"
Sitting squarely on my lap, Cinnamon spread her legs, placing her gold high heeled sandals firmly on the cement. This gave her leverage to raise and rotate her hips. The position also gave the other woman's male companion an unobstructed view of Cinnamon's voluptuous body.
Grabbing her drink, Cinnamon took a sip, moistening her pouting mouth. Slowly the pink tip of her tongue began to caress her glistening red lips. Replacing the glass on the table, Cinnamon slipped the tip of her white nailed finger into her mouth. Slowly she began to slide the digit between her closed lips, as she sensually sucked. The way she did this reminded me of the great blow jobs she gave.
When cinnamon had the attention of the male across from her, she moved her wet finger to her left nipple. Slowly she began to circle the bud. With the fingers of her other hand, Cinnamon began to fiddle with the gold ring hanging from her right nipple. When the left nipple was shiny with spit, Cinnamon began to tug on the glittering ring. As she toyed with the shining hoops, her pink lipstick covered nipples began to stiffen.
When both nipples were rock hard, Cinnamon held her hands out, palms up, ordering, "Squirt some sun screen onto my palms! I don't want my tits to get to much sun and turn dark. I like them the way they are."
I did not have to be told a second time. Grabbing the sun screen from the table, I squirted some of the warm liquid onto the palms of Cinnamon's hands. With slow, sensuous strokes Cinnamon began to knead the thick creamy fluid into her large, firm brown breasts. As she massaged the under sides of her breasts, Cinnamon cupped the heavy globes with her hands, offering them to the audience.
Looking over her shoulder I could see the impact Cinnamon's show was having on the man sitting across from her. His black thong was bulging to the point where it must be causing him pain. His female companion was also staring in Cinnamon's direction. Like the others, I was not immune to the hot show. Cinnamon's unabashed exhibitionism had my throbbing cock leaking juice onto her back. She enjoyed flaunting her sexy body, as much as I liked watching her do it.
With her breasts shining with sun screen, Cinnamon slid her palms along her sides. Slowly she caressed her ribs and belly, working the oil into her fragrant, firm flesh. Reaching the naval, she commenced to toy with the gold belly button ring, drawing attention to her sexy center. This was not the end of her fingers journey. The best part was yet to come.
Ever so slowly her hands traveled over her abdomen until they reached the top of her pubis. Sliding to the inside of her thighs, Cinnamon raised herself up, parting her legs even wider. Massaging the tanning oil along the inside of her thighs, Cinnamon inched her way up to her shaved crotch. Gently she began to massage the skin of her pubis, making it glisten with sun screen. As she kneaded the flesh the lips of her vagina began to open like a flower. The watchers could now see the dew pink folds of Cinnamon's inner labia. By the way her pink love flower was opening it was obvious she was becoming aroused.
Carefully Cinnamon slid a white nailed finger along the puffy pink lips of her labia. Soon Cinnamon's ministrations had her lips shimmering with the love juices flowing from her excited vagina. As her fingers glided up and down the moist lips, Cinnamon slightly raised her hips, giving her pelvis a gentle thrust toward the watchers. This ensured that everyone's attention was riveted on her vagina.
Slowly Cinnamon wormed a finger of each hand into her weeping vagina, pulling the lips further apart. This gave the voyeurs a view of the inside of Cinnamon's cunt. It also caused more juice to escape from her over heated cleft. I could feel it running onto my legs, making them sticky.
Continuing to hold her cunt wide open, Cinnamon moved her thumbs to the hard bud of her clitoris. Clasping the slick pink finger of flesh between her thumbs, Cinnamon began to rub. By now her extraordinarily long clit was clearly visible to all.
Raising her butt, Cinnamon arched her back, thrusting her pelvis in a lewd simulation of fucking. Throwing back her head, she began to moan, while continuing to stimulate her clit. Cinnamon was about to climax!
"O fuck! Fill me up with your cock!" Cinnamon gasped, as she fingered her cunt. Raising her hips higher, she moved back until the head of my cock was resting between the open wet lips of her labia. Removing her fingers from her cleft, Cinnamon held my shaft in place. With a quick downward thrust of her hips Cinnamon impaled herself on my rigid erection.
Quivering with passion, Cinnamon moaned, "O yes! You fill me so good! Your big fat cock is just what I needed!"
Cinnamon's hands began to maul her tits, while the muscles in her vagina squeezed my aching shaft. I had to grab her around the waist to keep her from falling. I could feel her body quivering with the release of the built up sexual tension, while soft grunts of pleasure escaped from her lips.
Looking past Cinnamon's shoulder, I could see the couple staring in wide eyed amazement at the lewd show taking place before them. They could not believe that a live sex show was taking place before there eyes. Right there, on a public beach in Jamaica, a beautiful brown woman was riding a hard white cock.
The couple was so engrossed in the action that they did not realize what they were doing. He had pulled his thong off, while slowly fisting his erection. She was sitting on the edge of her lounge chair with three fingers moving in and out of her vagina. They had become so enmeshed in the sizzling fantasy Cinnamon was creating that they did not realize they were no longer mere voyeurs, but had become participants. They were trapped by the lusty spell woven by Cinnamon.
When Cinnamon had regained her self control, she whispered, "Wheel over to them."
Raising her feet, Cinnamon kept her legs spread while I maneuvered the wheelchair toward the mesmerized couple. When we were only a couple of feet from them, Cinnamon slid her fingers between my shaft and the walls of her vagina. With her fingers dripping with love cream, Cinnamon moved one hand before each of the stunned watchers noses.
"Can you smell my excitement? Cinnamon asked, waving the fingers before their noses. "Lick it! Taste me!" Cinnamon ordered, putting a finger in each of their open mouths. "Do I taste good? Come back to our room and you can have more. I know you want some of my hot brown cunt!"
Cinnamon knew she had them under her spell. They could not resist her invitation. With out a second thought, Cinnamon stood, letting my cock pop from her drooling cunt. Grabbing the handles of the wheelchair Cinnamon commenced a brisk walk back to our room. With out a backward look, Cinnamon knew the enthralled couple would follow like lambs.
When we were all in the room Cinnamon ordered, "Close the door!" Leaning over the wheelchair she again commanded, "Lick my ass hole! I don't care who does it, but do it good!" Bent over the wheelchair with her mouth inches from my ear Cinnamon whispered, "Lets amuse ourselves with these two! I can get these sheep to do anything you or I want them to. Help me think up things to get them to do."
Standing Cinnamon mused, "The ass licking is not bad, but I need my cunt serviced too." Fixing the woman with a stern stare, Cinnamon ordered, "Bitch, get over here and lap my cunt like a dog! Your man can continue to stick his nose up my ass hole!"
Watching the spectacle taking place before was making my erection ache for release. Seeing the woman kneeling before Cinnamon, face buried in her cunt gave me an idea. Earlier I had been thinking of fucking this strange cunt; now I would.
Lowering myself to the carpet, I growled, "Baby, my cock is aching for release from the squeezing you gave it earlier. I'm going to fuck this bitch, while she eats you out! When I'm done with her she will not be satisfied with another man!" Lying on my back between her spread knees, I laughed, "Her hole will be so stretched that her man's cock will feel like a size 8 foot in a size 12 boot."
Grabbing her by the waist, I pulled her down until the head of my rigid cock was probing the entrance to her tunnel. Holding her in this position I allowed my knob to become coated with her love juice. When her cream began to trickle down my shaft, I started to pull on her hips, forcing my cock head into her tight hole.
As my slick shaft slowly began to enter her snug snatch, I growled, "O fuck Cinnamon! This bitch has a tight cunt! It's a good thing she's so wet or I'd have to drill her new hole."
"I hope you enjoy her cunt, baby!" Cinnamon exclaimed, as she held the woman's face against her crotch. "Bitch, do you like my man's big cock? He's going to fill you up like no other man ever did." Wrapping her fingers in the woman's hair, Cinnamon pushed hard ordering, "Show me how much you appreciate the big cock you're getting! Dig your tongue into my cunt! Suck my clit! That's the way! I think she's starting to get off on your cock, baby."
"I'm almost all the way in!" I grunted, giving an upward thrust with my hips. "Shit, she's tight and wet." With a firm grip on her hips, I began to guide her up and down on my shaft commanding, "Move on it bitch! That's the way. Faster!" The way this woman's tunnel grasped my erection felt great. I could feel her vaginal muscles grip my shaft, as she moved up and down its length. When she started to grind and rotate her hips, I knew she was getting into the action. Wanting to make her go wild, I moved my fingers from her hip to her clit. Finding the bud, I started to tickle it. I soon had her humming into Cinnamon's cunt.
"What ever you are doing to her baby, keep it up." Cinnamon gasped. "She's hitting the right spot! I'm going to come!"
"So am I!" I exclaimed, pulling the woman hard against my crotch and holding her there. "O fuck! Here it comes!" I cried, as wad after wad of hot spunk blasted from my twitching cock into her grasping cunt.
Cinnamon was not far behind me. As I emptied my sperm into the woman, Cinnamon began to yell out her pleasure. Holding her head with both hands, Cinnamon commenced to grind her crotch against the woman's face, covering it with cunt cream. With me gripping her hips and Cinnamon clutching her head, we had the woman trapped between us.
When Cinnamon's body ceased its quivering, she released her grip on the woman's head ordering, "Clean up my man's cock. Make sure you get every drop!"
Quickly she rose up allowing my deflating cock to slide from her dripping hole. Soon, like a good puppy, she was licking and slurping at my shaft. The way she sucked on my knob felt great. If she kept this up for long, I would be hard again.
Reaching behind her Cinnamon pulled the man away from her ass hole saying, "Since you are so good with your tongue you are going to eat my man's sperm out of your woman's cunt." With the man kneeling between his woman's legs Cinnamon ordered, "Put your face in her cunt and start eating! Does it taste good? Bitch, is he doing a good job?"
With her mouth full of my cock, the woman mumbled a reply saying, "Yes. It feels good."
Taking my eyes from the head bobbing up and down on my cock, I watched Cinnamon getting ready to give the man a big surprise. She was buckling on the harness that held her strap-on dildo. With the black leather harness in place, Cinnamon inserted a medium sized black dildo into the holder. Taking some lubricant from the dresser top, she greased the head of the fake phallus. When the knob was thoroughly lubricated, Cinnamon moved behind the unsuspecting man.
Standing behind the crouching man Cinnamon taunted, "Have you licked all my man's cream from your woman's cunt? Did you enjoy the taste? Now I'm ordering you to mount your woman like she was a bitch in heat! Put your hands on her shoulders like a dog's paws. "That's the way. Ram your cock in her wet cunt!"
As I reclined, enjoying the way the woman sucked and tongued my shaft, I could see the man's cock bobbing between the woman's legs. When he had a firm hold of her shoulders the man's erection found its way to the entrance to her weeping gash. With a grunt and a thrust of his hips, I watched his cock disappear into the woman's stretched cunt. After a few strokes, I could see his erection glistening with the woman's copious cunt cream. He was really getting into playing the dog mounting the bitch. At the very moment when the man was completely buried in the woman, Cinnamon gave the rutting male her surprise.
Kneeling behind the man, Cinnamon grabbed his hips, forcing the greasy head of the dildo into his ass hole. I could not keep from laughing as the man let out a yelp of surprise. The look of complete astonishment was priceless.
"What the fuck are you doing to my ass?" he cried in stunned surprise.
"What do you think? I'm fucking your ass!" Cinnamon exclaimed, pushing more of the phallus into his anal passage. "You shouldn't be so surprised. From the ease I had entering you it is obvious you have had a lot of things going in and out your back door." When Cinnamon's crotch impacted his butt cheeks with a slap she continued, "I'm buried up to my balls in your ass hole. Doesn't it feel great? This dildo slid into you easier than a hot knife cuts through butter."
Watching Cinnamon grind her crotch into the man's ass, I could see the look of ecstasy coming into her face. The power she had over him was fueling her passion. Cinnamon liked to dominate her subjects. I also knew that the dildo she wore fitted into her crotch in such a way that it stimulated her clit. This added to the lust she derived from her domination.
Cinnamon no longer cared how roughly she rammed the phallus into his ass. The harder the better. She was lost in her own frenzied passion. Cinnamon would not slow her frantic thrusting until she had sated her sexual hunger.
My own release was rapidly approaching. This woman knew how to suck a cock. Obviously she had done it many times before. I could feel the head of my cock being massaged by her throat muscles, as she engulfed the entire length of my shaft. When she released my erection from the grasp of her throat, she maintained a tight suction until the head popped from her mouth like a cork from a bottle. She would then tickle the head and shaft with light rapid flicks of her tongue. Returning to the knob, she would repeat the process. She had my whole body quivering with the pent up lust.
Finally I could hold out no longer. When my aching cock head popped from her sucking mouth, I let go with my first shot of sperm. The huge load blasted her between the eyes, running into her eyes and down her cheeks. Before the next load could erupt she had taken a firm hold of my shaft, pointing it at her open mouth. I watched as the next thick wad landed on her pink tongue. Quickly she began to pump my shaft, forcing another load of creamy white jism into her hungry maw. Quicker then a striking snake she had wrapped her lips around my cock head forming a tight seal. She then commenced to suck like the proverbial vacuum cleaner. I could feel the spunk being drawn from deep in my balls. The suction was so intense it hurt, but it was a pleasurable pain.
When it felt like every drop of sperm had been drained from my balls she pulled the head from her tightly clamped lips with a pop. Rubbing the head all over her face she smeared the dregs of my desire onto her forehead and hair. Bending down her head she allowed her brunette hair to cascade over her face. She then wrapped the locks around my shaft wiping the last drops of love cream from my cock.
Watching me climax seamed to drive Cinnamon's lust to even greater heights. She no longer had any concern for the man whose ass hole she was abusing. As I watched, I could see Cinnamon increase the tempo and ferocity of the thrusting dildo. The glazed, spaced out look coming over Cinnamon's eyes told me she was rapidly approaching her orgasm.
Suddenly Cinnamon drove the phallus deep into the man's ass. Arching her back, Cinnamon ground her hips into his butt, crying out with abandon. Digging her white nailed fingers into the firm flesh of his butt cheeks, Cinnamon continued to spew out a continuous stream of incoherent grunts and curses. Taking a firmer grip on his hips, Cinnamon held him in place, as she forced the nub on the end of the dildo to stimulate her clit. Mercilessly she rotated her pelvis against his ass, stirring the phallus inside his anal passage. Cinnamon was giving her body and soul completely to the orgasmic frenzy of lust burning within her.
As the sexual madness began to subside, Cinnamon's hips slowed there mad gyrations. Soon her body had ceased quivering. All that remained to show the madness that had engulfed her only a few minutes before was her panting for breath and the sweat trickling between her heaving breasts. She still had the dildo buried in the man's anus.
When her breathing had returned to normal, Cinnamon pulled the dildo from the man's abused ass ordering, "Dog, lay on your back! Lick my cock clean!"
Quickly the man moved onto his back, pulling his slippery, rock hard erection from his woman's drooling slit. With the man prone before her, Cinnamon straddled his chest, placing the head of the dildo at his lips. Cinnamon's lithe firm brown body astride his white torso, with his hard on waving like a flag pole in a high wind made quite the sight.
"You will now suck mama's cock clean." Cinnamon instructed, nudging the knob between his lips. "If you do a good job mama will let the other dog suck your greasy cock until you discharge." Giving his erection a flick with her fingers Cinnamon asked, "Would you like that? Show mama how badly you want your cock sucked!"
Opening his mouth the man began to suck on the dildo that had just been in his ass. Slowly Cinnamon moved forward until most of the black phallus was engulfed by his mouth. Cinnamon then moved her hips, pulling the shaft from his mouth. Before the head popped free, she thrust her pelvis forward, forcing it back down his throat. Cinnamon was fucking his mouth.
"That's the way." Cinnamon praised. "Mama's fucking your mouth, while you lick her cock clean. You are doing such a good job that I'm going to let the bitch suck you dry." Turning to look at the woman Cinnamon commanded, "Bitch, suck his cock. Drain every drop of cock cream from him and drink it down! I don't want to see you miss a drop!" Cinnamon ordered, returning her attention to the fucking she was giving the man's face.
Like an obedient dog the woman crawled on hands and knees to the man's bobbing erection. Without using her hands the woman lowered her mouth to the shiny knob. Wrapping her lips around the head, she quickly moved down the shaft, until the entire length was buried in her mouth and throat. Keeping a tight seal with her lips, she began to slide his shaft in and out of her throat. The way her cheeks became hollow I knew she was maintaining good suction on his erection. It was obvious from the rapid way she was bobbing up and down his shaft that he would not last very long.
The sights, sounds, and smells of sex had my limp manhood stirring back to life. Reaching out with my right hand, I began to toy with the woman's open wet cunt. Working my fingers into her, I stirred around until my digits were well lubricated with her cream. Removing my soaked fingers, I smeared my hard shaft with the juice. Slowly I began to fist my erection, while continuing to watch the show approaching its climax.
By now he was thrusting his hips, trying to fuck her face. Still not using her hands the woman buried her face in his pubic hair, allowing his knob to lodge in her throat. I could hear groans of pleasure escaping from around the dildo buried in his mouth, as he emptied his sperm into the woman's gulping throat. I could see her throat swallow each time he discharged a wad of spunk.
When her throat ceased swallowing I knew the man had spent himself. Slowly she began to pull his softening meat from her mouth, making sure not to break the seal her lips had clamped around his shaft. When she reached the knob I could see her work her tongue around it, while she sucked. She was making sure she did not miss a drop of his thick, creamy sperm. Not wanting to incur Cinnamon's wrath the woman was making sure to obey all the commands she had received.
Noticing the woman had finished off the man, Cinnamon withdrew the dildo from his mouth saying, "I think you have cleaned mama's cock good enough. You have also had your cock cleaned. Since we are all cleaned up you and your bitch may leave us." Rising to her feet, dildo waving before her, Cinnamon pointed to the door ordering, "There is the door! Leave, now! Think on how lucky you have been to have given your bodies to Johnny and Cinnamon for their use."
Rising from the floor the disheveled couple quickly made their way to the door. I could see them look in Cinnamon's direction, as if they were seeking her approval. They did not even get a glance from her. With her back to them, Cinnamon was occupied unbuckling the strap- on dildo from her waist. Like whipped dogs the couple slunk from the room.
Chapter 2 Lunch Time
Seeing my cock pointing toward the ceiling Cinnamon laughed, "It looks like you enjoyed playing with our two sex slaves. That work out gave me an appetite. What about you." Walking over to where I lay on the carpet Cinnamon separated the lips of her cunt saying, "I'll just heat up my taco for your lunch. Looking at my cock she continued, "I can see a big sausage that would make a great snack for my lunch!"
Straddling my waist, Cinnamon lowered herself until the head of my rigid shaft nestled in her drooling cleft. Grabbing the shaft, Cinnamon stirred the knob inside her hole, making sure it was well lubricated. Slowly she lowered herself until I was buried in her snug snatch. With her butt comfortably planted on my thighs Cinnamon began to ride me like a cowgirl.
As Cinnamon leaned forward she began to squeeze my nipples asking, "Do you enjoy when I pinch you? I can feel your cock jerk inside me every time I twist your nips. Mama likes it rough too. Pull on my nipple rings! I want to feel the shocks run down my belly into my cunt! It'll make my cunt tighten around your cock."
Reaching up I tugged on each of the gold rings piercing Cinnamon's nipples. Each time I gave them a hard pull I could feel the muscles of her vagina contract around my erection. I soon had a rhythm set up where I yanked the shiny rings just as she would slide her vagina up my shaft. This increased the friction along my erection, giving me added pleasure. She sure knew how to make sex feel great.
Moving back and forth on my hard meat while she slid up and down Cinnamon panted, "Do you like the way mama's cunt squeezes your cock? Are your balls boiling with hot sticky sperm? Do you want to fill my cunt with your seed? Pushing my fingers aside Cinnamon began to yank on the shiny gold rings ordering, "Make mama hotter! Tease my clit Pull on my clit hood ring while you tickle my clitty! I'm almost there. Make me come!"
Quickly I brought my fingers to Cinnamon's glistening pink clitoris. Rubbing the pink bud with one finger, I manipulated the barbell piercing the hood of her clitoris. This brought a gasp of delight and a flood of love cream gushing from the panting Cinnamon.
Throwing back her head Cinnamon began to spew out obscenities, as she slammed herself hard against my crotch. With my shaft trapped in a vice like grip I could feel the muscles of her vagina rippling along my erection. Her Squeezing made the jism churning in my balls shoot up the length of my hard manhood. With volcanic force thick strands of creamy spunk blasted from the head of my quivering shaft. Every time my cock expanded, ejecting a load of sperm I could feel Cinnamon's cunt tighten around the swollen shaft. Again and again Cinnamon seamed to squeeze another wad of cream from deep within my testicles. Our discharges were so copious that my crotch was soon soaked with the over flow.
Finally the spasms wracking our bodies began to subside. I could feel the muscles of Cinnamon's vagina begin to relax. At the same time my erection began to deflate. With my cock still inside her and before I had become limp Cinnamon spun around into a reverse cowgirl position.
"It's time for lunch!" Cinnamon gasped, chest still heaving from her exertions. "I have a hot taco for you with two kinds of spicy taco sauces in it. While you munch down on my taco, I'm going to gobble your sauce covered sausage!"
Spreading her thighs, Cinnamon slid her crotch down my body until her knees straddled my face. Grabbing her hips I pulled Cinnamon's hairless crotch to my mouth. Using my fingers, I began to tug on the rings piercing her Labia. This caused her cunt to open, giving me better access to the spicy taco sauce secreted within. With my tongue lapping along the inner folds of her vagina, I pulled harder on the gold labia rings trying to make deeper entry easier. I could feel her body quivering with excitement as I lapped up our mingled juices.
My body was also vibrating with the pleasure Cinnamon's magic mouth was giving me. The way her tongue snaked around my sausage had me growing harder with every minute. I was soon back to my full length. Her tongue continued to lick along my shaft, but she was now sliding the entire length down her throat. As the head disappeared down her throat I could feel her throat muscles squeeze the head and along the length. Each time she pulled the shaft from her throat the suction was so intense that there was a loud pop as the knob emerged from between her lips. Cinnamon would then lick along the sides before returning it to her mouth for some more of the throat treatment.
Wanting to get all the spicy sauce from Cinnamon's taco, I began to toy with the barbell piercing her clit hood and the triangle piercing at the base of her clit, where it met the inner labia. I knew from previous experience that manipulating the barbells would stimulate her clitoris causing her vagina to palpitate, forcing more sauce from her taco. I was not disappointed.
Soon Cinnamon began to moan around the sausage filling her mouth. Quickly her knees clamped around my head as she pressed her wide open cunt against my face. As the orgasmic spasms wracked her body Cinnamon began to spray her cunt cream, flooding my open mouth and questing tongue. The flow was so overwhelming I thought I might drown.
Before I completely realized what had happened Cinnamon stood up laughing, "I hope you enjoyed the first course." Removing a package from the refrigerator Cinnamon hopped onto the counter saying, "You are having sausages for your second course."
By the time I had gotten into the wheelchair and made my way to the kitchenette Cinnamon was perched on the counter. With her butt firmly planted on the counter, Cinnamon brought her feet to the edge, making sure they were widely separated. This gave me an unobstructed view of her wide open, hairless, bejeweled vagina. Leaning against the wall, Cinnamon removed an October fest sausage from the package. They were firm precooked sausages about 2 inches wide by 5 inches long. Placing the sausage at the entrance to her oven Cinnamon began to slowly push the meat inside the preheated cooker. Soon the sausage was completely lost to view.
With the sausage ensconced in her vagina, Cinnamon took a hold of the gold labia rings, pulling the lips closed cooing, "We wouldn't want to lose any of the heat. Are you hungry? I bet your mouth is drooling for some hot sausage marinated in my special sauce. Put your nose down there! Breathe deep! Savor the fragrance of a good German October fest sausage as it cooks in my hot spicy slow cooker. Use your nose to tell me when you think it's done."
Leaning forward I inhaled deeply. I could discern the scent of male seed and an aroused female, but I thought I could also smell the faint odor of warming meat. After the sausage had been in Cinnamon's pressure cooker for about 5 minutes I could wait no longer. I had to taste the succulent morsel.
With my mouth watering, I whispered, "I Think the meat is done. Let me open the oven. I can hardly wait to taste your treat. I've never had anything like it before."
With my drooling mouth inches from Cinnamon's oven I grasped the labia rings. Slowly I parted the lips, allowing Cinnamon to force the simmering sausage from her oven into my waiting mouth. Her vagina had warmed the meat, while our mingled juices had permeated the sausage. With her juices running from the meat, I took my first bite of the warm morsel. It was delicious.
After savoring my first mouthful of the delectable treat I could not wait for the next piece. With juice dribbling down my chin I took another bite. Before I knew it I had consumed the entire sausage.
"By the way you wolfed down that sausage it's obvious you enjoyed your lunch." Cinnamon laughed, as she hopped from the counter. "Now it's my turn to have some desert." Reaching into the refrigerator Cinnamon removed a glass container, shaking it she ordered, "Lean back in the wheelchair and spread your legs! I'm going to have chocolate covered banana and nuts for desert."
Squatting before me Cinnamon poured chocolate syrup onto my rigid banana, allowing the thick dark syrup to run down the shaft, covering my crotch and nuts. When everything was coated to her satisfaction she began to lick up and down my hard banana. Every now and then she would lap chocolate from one of my nuts. As the syrup began to disappear Cinnamon began to suck the sweet liquid from my nuts. Carefully she closed her lips around a nut and gently cleaned the syrup from it. When my nuts and pelvis had been thoroughly cleaned Cinnamon turned her attention to the few drops remaining on my quivering banana.
Opening her mouth Cinnamon engulfed the entire banana treat. Maintaining a tight seal around the shaft she began to move rapidly up and down the length. As she moved she sucked, making sure she did not miss any of the heavenly chocolate syrup.
With the tip of the banana still in her mouth Cinnamon demanded, "Give me some of your special cream! I want cream covered chocolate coated banana!" Stuffing the banana back into her mouth Cinnamon mumbled, "Give it to me right now!"
I could not hold out any longer. I could feel her sucking mouth pulling the cream from my balls. Load after load of thick white cream gushed into her hungry mouth. The flow was so copious that she was unable to swallow it all. As I watched her gulping down the cream I could also see a few drops trickling from the corners of her mouth.
Even after there was no more cream in the can Cinnamon continued to suck. Finally I had to pull her off my aching penis. The suction was still so intense that I could hear a pop as the head came out of her mouth. I was completely sated, but Cinnamon was still hot for more action.
Standing Cinnamon leaned toward me asking, "Do you want to taste some of your cream and chocolate sauce? I saved some for us to share. I hope you enjoy your desert."
Before I knew what was happening Cinnamon clamped her mouth to mine. Immediately her tongue became busy transferring cream mixed with chocolate syrup to my waiting mouth. It had a sweet chocolate taste with a hint of tanginess in the background. Cinnamon's tongue did not cease its steady questing until every drop had been transferred to me. Cinnamon then broke the kiss, allowing me to savor the tasty treat. When the last drop had disappeared down my throat, I lay back in the wheelchair, closed my eyes allowing the languor of the moment to overtake me.
When I opened my eyes I was staring directly into Cinnamon's aroused cunt. She was kneeling astride me on the wheelchair. As I watched she began to spray whip cream all over her hairless crotch, making sure to thoroughly coat her drooling cleft.
"I have another desert for you! Pushing her crotch into my face Cinnamon laughed saying, "Here's some chocolate cream pie! Feast on this!"
Immediately I began to lick at the ambrosial confection. I could not get the sweet treat into my mouth fast enough. In her haste to have her pie devoured, Cinnamon ground her crotch against my face causing whip cream and chocolate sauce to run down my cheeks onto my chest. Grabbing the back of my head Cinnamon pushed hard, forcing my nose against her aroused pink clit. As I stuck my tongue deep inside her quivering chocolate pie Cinnamon rubbed her love bud hard against the bridge of my nose. Because of the high state of arousal Cinnamon had been in for the last couple of hours it did not take long for her to reach a climax.
Suddenly she let out an ecstatic cry, as her hips began to gyrate wildly. With my nose and tongue pressed deep into her cleft, I could smell and taste her cunt cream as she sprayed it into my mouth. When Cinnamon was extremely aroused her copious flow of juice squirted from her, as if she was urinating. The flow was so abundant that it began to wash away the uneaten remnants of chocolate and cream.
After a few minutes the spasms of pleasure wracking Cinnamon's body began to subside. Slowly she began to lower herself onto my lap. Putting her arms around me she held me tight, while giving me a long deep kiss.
Pulling back Cinnamon queried, "How did you enjoy your lunch?"
"It was great." I replied continuing to cuddle Cinnamon, as she rested on my lap. But it took a lot out of me. "I think we need a shower and an afternoon siesta. I'm beat."
"Me too." Cinnamon chorused, as she wheeled me to the shower.