Sharing one's woman with another man. Whether she be his girlfriend, fiancée or his wife, there is no explanation possible for those who don't understand it, and there is no explanation necessary for those who do.
I first met my wife Becky when we were nineteen. I first shared her on holiday with a much older man, when we were twenty-two, before going on to share her with many more men after that.
Becky is 5'6 and curvaceous, with pretty facial features, long, brown hair and brown eyes. She turns heads like all attractive women do, especially with her DD cup assets, but as much as I love witnessing the effect my wife has on other men, nothing beats watching her cum on another man's cock.
I've always been present, watching the action, keeping her safe and secure, but there was one time I technically wasn't there, and it ranks as one of our all-time favourite experiences.
Becky and I were twenty-eight at the time, engaged to be married. A week before the wedding, she was packing her suitcase to spend the weekend in London. Her friends had arranged the city break for her hen party.
It had been over a year since we had any fun with a third wheel, and what fun it was, but after I proposed to her, Becky became consumed by all things wedding related, and so did I to a degree. It was our year of unbridled love for each other, and nothing else. Until the hen party loomed over us.
I trust Becky implicitly and the trust is reciprocated. There's no need for either of us to cheat. We resolve our differences amicably, we listen to each other, and we never let our thoughts and emotions linger. Which is why I shared mine with her before she left for London.
"Make sure you have a great time, ok." I sat on the bed while Becky zipped her suitcase shut, ready to leave as soon as the mini-bus arrived to pick her up.
"I will. I'm looking forward to it." She straddled my legs in a pair of jeans and a halter top, deliberately putting her big tits in my face. I smiled and looked down into her creamy cleavage before looking directly into her eyes.
"I should have told you this sooner, but I'm giving you a free pass this weekend," I told her. Becky leaned back laughing with her arms around my neck.
"Is that so?" She kissed me, slipping her tongue into my mouth while I began to lift the halter neck over her head.
"I don't have time to get messy," she giggled, allowing me pull to then peel the top down, exposing her soft mounds.
"I don't want you to get messy. I want you horny and worked up while you're away for the weekend." I pushed her tits together. Her swollen nipples glowed like red berries. I suckled one and then the other.
"We're getting married next weekend. Do you really want your fiancée screwing around with some stranger?" Becky wasn't checking if she really had the okay, she was gently reminding me.
"I know, and I can't wait for the day I can call you my wife, but the thought has been on my mind for a few weeks," I confessed.
Becky got down on her knees and pulled on my shorts. I lifted my arse off the bed and suddenly my cock was out, ready to be taken inside her mouth.
"Let's see if you still feel the same way after I've emptied your balls," she teased, gently massaging my sac as she stroked my six inches.
"Ohhh," I sighed, resting back on my hands while she began to suck me off. "I don't expect you to do it, but if the opportunity arises in London, I'd love you to take it."
Becky lifted her head and looked up at me, still stroking my cock. "I don't think I could do it without you being there, and I don't think I could do it a week before we get married. You just need to cum in my mouth and think of something else while I'm away," she laughed, cupping underneath her big tits.
When Becky wrapped her girls around my cock, it disappeared, but it still felt great, as she slowly stroked me with her tits. I leaned back further and began to thrust between them, barely making it out of her deep cleavage.
"What are you thinking right now?" she smiled, squashing her heavy bags of soft flesh tighter together. I caught my breath before answering.
"You, doing this to some guy in London," I said, catching the glint in her eye while my body tensed with excitement at the thought of my fiancée getting fucked by a stranger during her hen party weekend.
"Mmm," she smirked, rubbing those big, round titties up and down. "My breasts wrapped around another man's cock. Is that what you want me to do before you marry me, Joe?"
"Uhhh... yes I do," I groaned, picturing it.
"Make his cock nice and hard between my tits, in my mouth, ready to fuck me... use me."
"Uh, fuck, yeah!" My mind was spinning at the mental image, while the friction around my cock rubbed me closer and closer to shooting my load all over her tits.
"Mmm, picture him now, Joe, some strapping stud fucking your fiancée on her hen weekend. His big cock going in so hard and deep. Ohhh, I can feel him, Joe! Becky pressed even harder against her tits. She knew I was about to unload. "Ohh, Joe, he's going to make me cum, your fiancée, he's so big, so deep... ohhhh... I can feel him cumming inside me... ohhh!"
"Ohhh, fuck... here it comes!" I shoved my cock upward, then Becky removed her tits and swallowed my cock.
She took it to the back of her throat, swallowing my cum like a greedy slut. It was so intense, I was shaking on the bed, with my eyes in the back of my head.
"Oh, babe," I groaned, balls empty.
Becky raised her mouth, licking her lips and grinning after swallowing every last drop. She then pulled her halter top up, putting her tits away, knowing I wouldn't see them again for a few days. But I was still hoping some other guy would get to enjoy them before she returned home to me.
"How do you feel now?" she giggled, standing up.
"Nothing has changed. I still want you to do it. I'll rephrase that. I'm still giving you a free pass," I replied.
"I'm sorry, Joe, but not this time. You'd have to be there and it's my hen party. We're getting married next week."
My fiancee was right as usual, but I thought it would be so hot if she did do it. If I'd brought it up sooner, maybe I could have talked her round to the idea. I think she would have been turned on by my suggest with more time to think about it.
When the minibus arrived, we hugged and kissed goodbye and then Becky was gone. Heading to London for a weekend of fun with her friends. She arrived at her hotel, late afternoon, and video called me from her phone. We had a brief, normal conversation, then the next time I heard from my fiancée was a few hours later.
I received a sexy selfie of her wearing a braless, black midi dress, with a plunging neckline and a veiled crown on her head. She looked ravishing, showing off her deeply inviting cleavage. My imagination went wild while I sat two hundred miles away at home.
I knew guys would be captivated by my fiancée that night. Her long, wavy brown hair cascaded down over her shoulders. Her brown eyes were smokey, her soft lips painted bright red, matching her nails, and she was wearing big, gold hoop earrings. Becky simply looked incredible.
I swore too myself, after seeing that image, that I would spend the weekend edging. Build up a huge load for when she returned home. I didn't tell Becky that, I just did it.
Saturday morning, I woke to a few sexy drunken messages from my fiancée. No nudes sadly. The messages were sent at 3am, so I knew she'd be worse for wear when I rang her at 10am. We spoke briefly and then she had to get ready for a day of sight seeing around London.
In the evening, just before she went out for her second and last night, I received another sexy selfie from Becky. I already knew the hen party were going out in fancy dress costumes for their last night. But Becky and I had no idea what costume she was going to be wearing until she was given it on the night.
The theme turned out to be Alice in Wonderland, and my fiancée was dressed as the Queen of Hearts with the same veiled crown on her head as the night before.
The outfit was a short, figure hugging, dark-blue tulle dress with red trim, and down the centre of the cleavage enhancing costume, it had three red hearts. To complete the look, Becky was wearing white, thigh-high stockings with red bows at the top, and of course black heels.
The image of her posing in front of a mirror was hot. Her long, wavy brown hair cascaded down her shoulders once again. She was giving the camera a very sultry smile and flaunting her ample cleavage. I immediately replied with a message, telling her I couldn't wait to fuck her as the Queen of Hearts when she got back home.
She sent a message back, saying the girls had hired a stripper, but the message ended with a "don't get your hopes up, we're still getting married next weekend'. I sent a reply telling her the free pass was valid until she returned home.
It was then radio silence for a few hours, or phone silence I should say. Left to wonder what kind of stripper he was, I was constantly reminded by my thoughts that Becky wouldn't do anything in front of her friends. Maybe she'd let the stripper swing his, no doubt, big dick in her face, but I knew she wouldn't touch it, even if she wanted to.
Around 1am, I received a phone call from her. I'd fallen asleep on the sofa. As I rubbed my eyes and answered the call with a tired hello, I suddenly became wide awake.
"Are you still up, Joe? Of course you are, you just answered the phone to me," Becky laughed down the phone, drunk.
"How's it going? Have just gotten in?" I asked.
"Yes, but listen, I don't have much time to explain. I'm going to call you on the camera, so get your tablet."
"Ok," I smiled, thinking my fiancée wanted cam sex.
I hurried upstairs to our bedroom and took my tablet off charge. I then switched devices and I was now speaking to Becky whilst looking at her. She was still dressed as the Queen of Hearts, but she was looking and sounding like a horny drunk.
"You can't make a sound, ok?" she giggled.
The view was all over the place as Becky positioned her phone to face the bed side on, giving me an amusing close up of her cleavage while she did it.
"What are you doing?" I chuckled.
"Can you see the bed? Is it too bright or..."
"It's fine, I can see clearly. What are you doing?" I asked again. I could see she was alone inside her hotel room.
"I've set up a hidden camera," she laughed. "I've hidden my phone amongst some clothes on the table."
"What?" I laughed. I was too tired, and she was appearing more drunk by the second for me to put two and two together.
"I love you, babe. I can't wait to marry you, but I'm using that free pass you gave me on my stripper Tommy, and I want you to watch us." Becky blew me a kiss before she dashed off.
"Becky! Wait a second!" I had so many questions, head suddenly upside down, but she never returned to talk to me.
I sat up on our bed at home and watched her standing in front of the mirror. She put fresh lipstick on, played with her hair and then she adjusted the costume around her tits. Becky looked over in my direction, giggled and waved, but she was too far away, and she'd turned the volume down at her end.
Even from hundreds of miles away, watching through a hidden camera, I could feel my fiancées nervous excitement as she stood by the door waiting for this Tommy guy to arrive. After a couple of very intense minutes, we both jumped when a loud knock on the door finally came.
Within fifteen minutes of answering my fiancée's call, I was watching a stripper named Tommy enter her hotel room with a grin. She quickly invited him inside, pulling him in by his hand and then shutting and locking the door behind him.
I couldn't see his face properly, but he was much taller than Becky, looking down at her with a big, excited grin on his clean-shaven face. He was caucasian, extremely well built, wearing black trousers and a black shirt, and I could see he had short dark hair.
I found out, when Becky arrived home the next evening, that Tommy had provided the hen party with a professional strip show. My fiancée did lick cream from his naked body before oiling him up, but she didn't touch his cock during the show. I also learnt that my fiancée slipped him her phone number, which obviously led him to her room a few hours after the strip show had ended.
Becky was on him like a rash, wrapping her arms around his neck, pressing her mouth against his. Tommy responded by wrapping his strong arms around her slender waist and pulling her in close against his thick body.
My cock was already out, hard and glistening. I was stroking slowly while my eyes transfixed on the scene. Their first kiss. It was effectively like watching an amateur porno. I was still trying to get my thinking head around it all. My other head was already throbbing.
"None of the other girls know you're here, ok, so let's keep it that way," Becky told the stripper as she parted from the kiss.
"Don't worry, Becky, you're not the first bride-to-be I've helped out on her hen night." Tommy's dirty chuckle sent tingles from my balls, up my spine and through my erect shaft, resulting in a leakage of pre-cum from the tip.
"I can imagine," my fiancée giggled.
She pushed him onto the bed. I had a clear side view from the hidden camera on her phone. Tommy sat up straight, looking very much the alpha male he was, grinning up at another man's woman gagging for his cock.
With her eyes and smile fixed on him, Becky raised the hem of her costume and straddled Tommy face on, her legs either side of his thighs. I saw him catch a glimpse between her spread legs, hovering over his lap before she sat down inches from his cock. It left me wondering if my fiancée was wearing any underwear.
They began to kiss again. Tommy put hands on Becky's arse, under her tulle dress costume, while she unbuttoned his shirt. I could hear them moaning as I watched, the excitement in the sloppy kiss as their mouths and lips urgently mashed together.
Becky loves kissing, and the more men I shared her with, the more into kissing them she became. It was too intimate for her in the beginning, but she could oddly disconnect from her emotions when it came to everything else.
Through the camera, I could clearly see my fiancée was fully connected to Tommy in that moment. She was writhing on his lap, tongue down his throat, her cleavage rubbing against his chest. Becky was well up for it. So was the stripper.
Once the last button was undone, she pulled Tommy's shirt down his arms. Gasping, she then slid her hands all over his defined pecs, grinding her arse and pussy into his lap. My fiancée was loving it, making me wish I'd been there during the strip show.
Soon needing to fuck, Becky slipped off the stripper and got down on her knees between his legs. With a mischievous grin on her face, she flicked her head to the side, pretending she was only moving her hair behind her shoulders, but she looked straight into the camera.
"Let me see this monster again," she smiled at me as she licked her top lip, seductively.
"Be my guest, Mrs." Tommy stood up, grinning down at my fiancée as she unbuckled his belt.
Becky soon had him out of his jeans and boxers, pushing him back down on the bed as she wrapped a hand around his big cock, licking her lips in anticipation.
"So, am I bigger than your fiancé?" he smirked. Absolutely he was. I could see he was hitting the eight-inch mark quite easily.
"You didn't answer your friend when she asked during the show," he added.
"Way bigger and thicker," Becky purred, stroking the shaft, eyeing up the thick dome on top before she closed her mouth around it and started slurping.
"Ohhhh, fuck! Ohhhh! Yes!" I could hear and see Tommy gasping and groaning.
I watched my fiancée cup his balls and take as much of his cock down her throat as she could, which was only about half, but they both seemed to enjoy it.
"Ohh, fuck! That's it, Becky." The stripper kept her long hair out of her face, so he could watch her sucking his cock like a slut.
Becky then licked his balls, taking one at a time inside her mouth, giving them a warm, soft oral massage. She then licked his thick shaft as if it were a giant lollipop, hungrily tracing her tongue along the pulsating muscle to the engorged purple helmet on top. She looked to be in love with the thing, certainly in lust, as she took him to the edge of his limits.
"Ohhhh, I can't cum yet. Stand up and strip for me. Show me that sexy body. I'm dying to see those big tits!"
Becky giggled, rising to her feet, leaving his cock standing hard and upright, glistening in her saliva. I saw a string of it connecting her mouth to his cock before it broke.
"Yeah, give me a sexy striptease, show me what I'm going to be sticking my cock in. God, your body is so hot," Tommy said.
"This body?" my fiancée smirked playfully, performing a sexy dance for another man before she started pulling down her costume.
"Great tits," he grinned with appreciation, stroking his cock while Becky exposed her bra covered mountains and then the thong barely covering her box.
She stepped out of the costume, standing in just her sexy underwear and heels. She then turned around, showing him her bare buttocks before she started pulling down the thong. I watched it too, but the stripper had the best seat in the house.
"Mmm, look at that!" he groaned, watching the string peel out from between her cheeks. "My cock is throbbing to get inside you!"
"I hope you don't cum too soon," Becky teased both of us. She bent far over, taking the thong down to her ankles, then looked past her left leg at him when she stepped out of it.
"Mmm, you got a sweet ass, Becky, and what looks like a tight pussy for me."
Tommy groaned again, staring between my fiancées smooth legs while he slowly stroked his shaft. "Now show me those big tits."
Becky turned around to face him, showing off her neatly trimmed bush of dark curls as she reached behind her back and unclasped her bra.
"Mmm, is your pussy as tight as it looks?" Tommy smirked. He was clearly hoping it was with what he had between his legs to put it inside it.
"I'm not tight to my fiancé, but I guess we're about to find out," Becky giggled. The comment was for me. I loved it, knowing it didn't matter how big or good the guy was, she was still my girl.
"Now take off your clothes, Tommy, I don't need a slow teasing dance this time." Becky threw her bra to the side, standing with her hands on her hips, proudly showing off her big tits and slender body, naked, ready for a hard fucking while I watched.
"Ok, boss lady," the stripper chuckled, staring at her big, round tits and hard nipples. "But then I want those huge knockers around my cock. I'm not leaving here until I've fucked those big titties."
Tommy quickly removed his shoes, socks and trousers, showing off his thick, muscular body before he sat back down. Becky also got back down... on her knees, looking excited.
A feeling of Déjà vu tingled through my body as I watched my fiancée immerse the stripper's cock in her soft tits. Unlike mine, his length poked out from her deep valley. I felt jealousy, wishing I had an inch or two more than I had.
Tommy leaned back slightly and began to slide his cock up and down in time with Becky moving her soft cushions, creating a sensual tit-wank. I watched in silence, slowly stroking my cock in bed.
It was a wonderful sight to behold, my woman, soon-to-be wife, giving a stranger a tit-wank on her hen night. Her big tits wrapped around his big cock, rolling his foreskin back and forth. I felt more jealousy, wishing I could fuck Becky's tits like that, instead of my cock becoming lost in them, but at least it still felt awesome when we did it.
"You have great tits, Becky. Will you be showing them off in your wedding dress," Tommy grinned.
"There will be plenty of cleavage for the men to look at," she replied with a smirk.
My fiancée was such a tease. She leaned down and started licking the tip of his cock every time it came out of her cleavage. The stripper groaned and began to move his hips faster, fucking Becky's tits.
"Now get up here and sit on me." Tommy pulled her up and she straddled his thighs on the end of the bed once more.
Condom, I thought, choking. They started kissing while she rubbed his cock along her slick opening. Then Tommy took hold of his shaft and positioned the engorged head to enter my fiancée. The thing must have been thicker than it looked.
"Uhhhh! Easy tiger! Uhhhh!" Becky whined, suddenly breathing heavily.
Once she was impaled on his cock, she took a moment to get used to the size. The pleasure on her face has lived with me ever since. Becky eventually began to move her hips slowly, sliding her pussy up and down the stripper's length while he held her tits and suckled her nipples.
Having made a self commitment to edge all weekend, I released my cock before I shot my load and watched the erotic scene on my tablet. A real time amatuer porno starring my fiancée.
Becky moved quite soon from riding Tommy's big cock to bouncing on it. His hands pushing her tits together. His mouth greedily latching onto her nipples, sucking while she fucked him. I could only see their faces from the side, but the view was clear enough to witness their pleasure.
Then Becky began to cry out that she was going to cum. Tommy put his hands on her waist and held her down while he thrusted into her. She responded by grinding her hips back and forth, feeling the fullness of his cock deep inside her body until she climaxed noisily.
After witnessing my fiancée cum on Tommy's big cock, he positioned her on the edge of the bed, flat on her back with her legs spread. He then got down on his knees and started licking and fingering her pussy.
Becky rested her heels on his back, the stripper didn't seem to mind the spikes scrapping along his back. He was busy bringing her off with another climax, as if he were trying to win a pussy eating competition.
Within minutes I was watching my fiancée moaning and shuddering in orgasm against Tommy's face. Listening to her telling him how amazing it was. He then stood up with pride on his face and put her legs on his shoulders, ready to fuck her his way, ready to dominate the 'cheating' bride-to-be.
"Are you ready to get fucked now, slut? Fucked by a big-dicked stripper on your hen night?" He knew she was.
"You have no idea how ready I am, so do your worst. Fuck me hard," Becky panted, completely giving herself to another man, knowing I was watching every second.
Tommy gently eased his cock into my fiancée. "There's no better feeling than fucking a beautiful, horny, bride with big tits," he said, starting off with some slow, deep thrusts.
"Oh yeah, fuck me, Tommy," Becky gasped. "Fuck me like a slut."
He stood up straight, grinning, pushing harder, deeper into my fiancée, fucking her like she wanted.
"How does is it feel, Becky? Because your cunt loves it deep!"
"Ohhhh! I am fucking love it! Fuck me!" she screamed.
"When are you walking down the aisle?" Tommy smirked, thrusting his cock into her.
"Next Saturday!" she gasped.
"So, a week from now you'll be in your honeymoon suite, getting fucked by your husband! Nice!" Tommy taunted us with his words whilst pleasuring Becky with his cock. "You'll be feeling his cock but thinking of mine. Remembering who fucked you the week before! Remembering how hard I fucked you! How loud you screamed! How deep my cock went inside you! How wide I stretched you and how much you begged me to fuck you!"
"Uhhhhh... Uhhhhh! Fuck! Yes!" His crude tongue spoke the truth, sending Becky crazy with another climax, twice as intense as the first one.
Deeply entwined in the orgasm, Tommy came down on top of her and they kissed lustily while she convulsed beneath him, slipping his tongue inside my fiancée's mouth as she moaned and danced on his cock.
"Bend over, I'm not ready to cum yet. I want you proper stretched and feeling everything before I empty my nuts all over you."
"Yes, fuck me from behind," Becky agreed, knowing she'd never get fucked like this again.
Tommy flipped her flimsy body onto all fours and shoved his cock straight inside her. She clawed at the bed covers, screaming her head off as he pounded her like a slut from behind.
"Oh fuck! I'm cumming again!" Becky cried out. Tommy held her tightly by the hips and did his best to break my fiancée into tiny little pieces.
"Mmmm! Cum all over my cock, slut!"
"Yes! Fuck me! Fuck your little slut! Ohhhh! Again!"
I couldn't believe what I was watching. I became dizzy and breathless with Becky as she got fucked hard in the doggy position for less than five minutes and still managed to cum twice, one after the other.
"Good slut, Becky. Now lie on your back and rest. It's time for me to cover you in cum."
"Do it, I want to feel your cum all over me," she panted, kneading her tits while Tommy knelt between her spread legs and urgently stoked his cock.
"Uhhhhh!" he groaned. Her it comes for the sexy bride!"
Thick cum suddenly started shooting out of his cock. The first jet landed on her face and lips, the next two on her tits, and the rest on her stomach. Becky rubbed it in with her hands, purring with satisfaction.
"That was amazing," Tommy sighed, pushing his cock into her pussy. "You're an incredible fuck, Becky." His comment filled me with pride.
"Now I'm ready to get married," she laughed, rubbing the strippers cum into her body while the first jet dried on her face.
Tommy chuckled. "You really are a horny slut, I love it."
"If you're ever in London after the wedding, give me a call. I'd love to fuck you again. You can even bring your husband along to watch if he's into that sort of thing." Tommy laughed, not realising how close to the truth he was.
Becky blushed with embarrassment as she dashed to the bathroom to clean up. I watched Tommy get dressed, the guy really didn't have a clue I'd just watched him fuck my fiancée.
When Tommy finally left, I spoke with Becky on camera. She confessed it was the biggest cock she'd ever seen or taken, but she was more concerned about my feelings. I assured her I was fine.
I deliberately hadn't cum. I saved it as self-promised. When Becky arrived home the next day, she changed into the Queen of Hearts costume and we fucked like crazy.
She wasn't lying about showing off her cleavage at the wedding either. I stood at the alter and watched her walk down the aisle in a very daring, sexy gown.
Even the vicar struggled at some points during the ceremony.