His concentration at school had been shot to pieces. Thoughts of Angela, those pictures, her living in his house and being used by all those men were constantly in his head, so it was no surprise to him when he failed his 'A' levels. His parents were furious with him and insisted he retook the exams -- that was how he ended up getting closer than he'd ever imagined to Angela.
Without his knowledge, they'd spoken to her and asked her to help him with his studies. The boy was mortified at first but he soon came to realise that it wasn't all bad. Angela was still going around wearing subtle but revealing outfits, and he lived for the evenings when she'd be sitting at the dinner table with him, close enough that he could smell her perfume, leaning over his books so that he could sneak a sly look into that wondrous cleavage.
He'd lay in bed at night, imagining those breasts smothering him, his nose in her cleavage, her nipples in his mouth. His cock was constantly hard for her, and she was still inviting men around when his parents were away - which was still quite a regular occurrence.
She had a playful sense of humour and would often tease him about the girls at his school, asking him if there was anyone he was interested in. He'd always blush furiously and deny that there was, but that didn't stop her asking him. She even offered him tips if he wanted to get closer to any of the girls, but of course he refused. The only girl he was interested in was sitting right beside him, and he knew that interest would never be returned.
It came as a surprise to him when she knew his nineteenth birthday was approaching. She'd told him that if he wanted to invite some friends around then she'd cook for them and keep it quiet from his parents. He didn't have many friends, but he invited two of the guys from his year around that weekend. Angela cooked a delicious meal, and she'd bought them some bottles of beer to drink later on. The guys all went up to his bedroom after they'd eaten, and the boy was amused to hear Alex and Dan raving about Angela and her beautiful body. They sat around chatting about what they could do with a woman like her, and the boy said nothing, too lost in thoughts of what he'd seen other men doing to her and the pictures he'd seen of her being used.
The next night, Angela had two men around. The boy had snuck downstairs for a drink, not realising she was "busy" again. It wasn't long before he realised though -- the now familiar sound of Angela enjoying herself was music to his ears and his cock once more found its way into his hand. He peeked through the serving hatch and there she was, dressed in clothes he'd not seen before. A corset that stopped just below those heavenly breasts and a skirt that just had straps at the back. One of the guys was sitting on the sofa, his trousers folded neatly beside him, Angela kneeling on the floor between his legs with her head bobbing up and down on his hard cock. The other guy was behind her, his cock sliding in and out of her and spanking her beautiful rounded bottom. The boy could hear the juices of her pussy squelching with each thrust, and he had to stop touching himself as he watched the pleasure on the sofa man's face.
He could only imagine how it felt to have her soft lips on his cock. Or to feel it sliding in and out of her, or the view of that gorgeous backside as he thrust his cock into her... there it was -- his cock pumped cum without him touching it yet again. He scurried off upstairs and into his bed, straining to hear her groans again from downstairs.
It was a week or so later when his parents announced they were going on holiday for two weeks. They were taking the baby with them but had decided not to take Angela because she was needed at home to help the boy with his studies. He and Angela fell into a routine while they were away. He'd come home from school to find a meal cooked for him, they'd spend a couple of hours studying and then he'd go off to his room and leave her with the privacy to do whatever she wanted. Most nights, that meant at least one guy, some nights it was 2 or 3, and each time, the boy would be standing in the kitchen, watching her licking, sucking, fucking. His favourite thing though was watching her orgasm.
One night she had two men round. The boy watched silently again from the kitchen as they kissed her in turn, slowly undressing her, admiring her breasts and then each taking a nipple into his mouth as she laid back on the sofa. It was all far more erotic than the previous times he'd watched. The other times the men had been more interested in their own pleasure, but these two seemed intent on pleasing Angela. Her eyes closed as one of them made his way down her stomach, the other one concentrating on her breasts and nipples. The dark haired guy pulled Angela's lacy underwear down her legs and gently nudged her legs apart and began licking her.
The boy slowed down his pace on his own cock, realising that he wanted to watch all of this, wanted to see her reaction to being kissed and licked like this. Her eyes closed, her soft moans telling both of her men that they were pleasing her, her nipples like little brown bullets as the blond one flicked them with his tongue before sucking them into his mouth one by one. The boy watched as her hands tangled in the other mans dark hair, her legs parting further as she drew her knees up, pulling the mans tongue into her as the blond man kissed her again. The boy watched her face as her head was thrown back, her body tensing as her orgasm approached, her fingers tightening in the dark hair as she shouted out her pleasure at the moment of her climax.
Then it happened. There were a few moments of heavy breathing and sleepy smiles as she came down from the huge orgasm she'd just had, and then she looked straight at the boy and winked.
He froze in shock, his eyes almost popping out of his head as he struggled to comprehend what this meant. He dropped down to the floor as though he could pretend he'd not been there the whole time, and his thoughts raced, trying to think of a way to get himself out of this one. He was still panicking furiously when the kitchen light came on and there was Angela, still dressed only in high heels and stockings, those beautiful breasts naked and right in front of him.
"Hello boy" she said, smiling down at him in his crouched position on the kitchen floor. "Did you enjoy the show again tonight?" He said nothing, still mortified and not quite able to believe that this was happening.
Angela laughed to herself and then said "It's ok, you're not in trouble. I know you've been watching me for months; I just wanted you to know I knew. Now be a good boy and go to bed, we're going to have a little drink before we go on to round two, but this time you can't watch. Take this upstairs with you and use your imagination, OK?" and she handed him the receiver for the baby monitor. The boy stood up, nodded and went up to his bedroom, still mortified at what had been said, but unable to get the vision of her standing in his kitchen like that out of his head.
Up in his room, he tried to get his thoughts in order. She knew! It seemed she'd known from the start, but why had she chosen now to let him know she knew?! He hadn't even turned on the monitor, fearful of how he'd be able to handle listening to those men fucking her. Eventually he couldn't resist and switched it on. He could hear them talking, one of the men telling her how good she tasted, the other telling her he was going to fuck her hard from behind, Angela giggling and flirting with them both. The boy was shocked by how hard he was, his frustration growing with every minute, until he heard the unmistakeable sounds of Angela's wet pussy being pumped again, the frequent slurps as she was sucking a cock and her moans and sighs of enjoyment as yet again she was used for men's pleasure.
He had no idea what time it was when he woke up. The bedroom was dark, but he could smell Angela's perfume. He was confused, and became even more confused when he felt a body slide into the bed beside him. In the darkness, he felt the warmth of her next to him and he froze, almost jumping when he heard her whisper in his ear, her words confusing him further and then the heat of his embarrassment as he realised what she was saying to him.
"Did you hear us Boy? Did you hear them talking to me, telling me how much they wanted me? Do you want me as well?" He didn't reply to her questions. He lay in his bed, hearing his own heartbeat in his ears and the burning flush of humiliation running all through his body. The gentle touch of her fingers on his hard cock was all it took for his seed to pump out and down onto her hand.
"Is that all you have for me Boy? This tiny thing you call a cock? I'm disappointed. I'd hoped you might have a few more inches for me to enjoy. I think one or two of your friends might have. What do you think?" Still he couldn't speak. Here he was, lying in his own bed, and the subject of all his fantasies was beside him, her beautiful breasts brushing against his arm, her nipple hardening against him even as his cock hardened again in her hand.
"We need to come to an arrangement Boy. I don't want your parents to find out about this, and I'm fairly sure you don't either, but I like having you watch me." He liked her calling him Boy too. She'd always used his name before when they were studying or around the house. This was different though. Suddenly the whole dynamic of their relationship had changed, and he was no longer her employers' son, the young man she tutored, he was her plaything, just "Boy."
He laid there in his own bed, this vision of beauty naked beside him, his tiny cock in her hand as she whispered into his ear. "You're going to help me Boy. Those men have just dumped a load each of cum into my pussy. I know you've found my photographs; I know which one's your favourite. I know what you need to do." With that, she raised herself up off the bed and straddled him. "Lick it Boy. Lick their seed from me." He did as she bade, hungrily lapping at her beautiful hairless pussy, pushing his tongue as far as he could into her and bringing out globs of hot semen which then slid down his throat. He could feel his little cock growing hard again, wanted to feel her hands on it once more, and as he licked her he felt another load of his cum dribble down his cock.
Angela stood up at the side of his bed and patted his head. "Not bad Boy, but you need to improve at that. Your new lessons will start tomorrow" and then she was gone. The boy was left alone in the darkness, not quite believing what had just happened.
The next day, his concentration at school hit an all time low. He kept having flashbacks to the previous night, and by home time he'd already cum three times in the toilets. He raced home from school, eager to find out what tonight's lesson would be.
When he got there, Angela was acting as though nothing had happened, calling him by his own first name, and once more the boy doubted his memory, wondered again whether it had all been a dream or a complicated fantasy. Once the dishes had been cleared though, he knew beyond doubt that he hadn't imagined it.
"Into the living room Boy, your new lesson is about to begin." He felt his cheeks burning with shame, but obediently followed her instructions and went into the living room. "Sit on the sofa, make yourself comfortable" and she sat beside him.
She was wearing a tight fitting blouse, one more button than was decent opened, a short skirt, which had now ridden up to reveal a flash of her lacy stocking top, and bright red stiletto heels, which shone in the light as she crossed her legs.
"How was your day today Boy? Did you think about me at all?" she asked. He nodded, mutely, still hot with embarrassment. "Speak up Boy, when I ask a question I expect it to be answered!" and he replied that yes, he'd thought about her all day. "Good. That's what I hoped you'd say. Did you think about my breasts Boy?" and she straightened her back a little more as though to push them towards him. "Did you imagine holding them in your hands? Is that what you're thinking about now, Boy? Do you want to touch them?"
He felt his cock twitch as his hand reached up of its own volition, touching and squeezing her round, firm breast almost before he'd realised what was happening. She slapped his hand away and he looked at her sharply, shocked at the sting of it on his hand. "I asked if you wanted to touch it, I didn't say you could!" His face burned again as he mumbled an apology. "Now, let's try again. Did you think about my breasts? Are you thinking about them again now? Do you want to touch them?"
He nodded, unable to speak as he stared at the buttons straining on her blouse, the glimpse of satin underneath and the curve of those wonderful globes. "Speak up then, answer my question Boy."
"Yes" he said, "I do want to touch them, I've wanted to touch them for months Angela."
"Miss" she corrected him. "You'll call me 'Miss' in our lessons Boy, and in future the only time you'll call me Angela is when there are other people around. Understood?"
"Yes Miss, I understand. I've thought about you all day, and yes, I'd love to touch your breasts." He knew that his face was beetroot red, but those breasts were right there, thrust almost into his face and he didn't care about anything but the desire to touch them. He needed to feel them in his hands, to touch them, caress them, to feel those nipples harden at his touch as he'd seen them harden for so many other men.
She put a finger under his chin and raised his head to look her in the face. "I'm going to unbutton my blouse a little more Boy. Just remember, you can look, but you don't touch unless I say you can. OK?"
"Yes Miss" he replied, unable to stop his eyes from dropping once more to her fabulous chest. Unconsciously he licked his lips as her fingers slowly unbuttoned her blouse. He salivated as she opened her blouse, framing them in the fabric, her red bra covering the nipples but the sheer fabric giving him just a hint of what lay beneath.
"Do you like them Boy? Are they as you imagined now that you're close enough to touch them?" He nodded again, unable to form words as her fingers lightly traced across the rounded flesh just above her bra. "See where I'm touching them now Boy? Would you like to touch them there?"
"Yes" he replied, nodding furiously and knowing how ridiculous he must look. "Yes Miss, yes, I'd love to touch them there if you'd allow it". She took hold of his hand and guided it to the firm flesh. His other hand followed on its own, and he closed his eyes as he finally touched that soft skin, feeling the firmness underneath and realising that none of his fantasies had ever been as good as the reality was.
She watched him as he touched her, his fingers lightly moving across her skin as she told him he was a good boy. "Good boys get rewards, you know that don't you Boy?" she asked. "Stop now, it's time for your reward." He gulped as she undid the front clasp of her bra, slowly -- almost painfully slowly -- she uncovered each breast, her nipples quickly hardening as the cool air of the room touched them. They both sat in silence for a moment as the boys tongue once more swiped across his lips, his mouth now dry with nerves, hoping that he'd be able to touch them again. "May I Miss?" he asked, still looking at her dark nipples. "No, not until I see fit Boy. You need to learn patience."
With that she stood up from the sofa and told him to sit back. He did as she told him, and she straddled him, those perfect boobs now at eye level and right in front of him. "Do you want to taste them Boy? To feel my nipples harden in your mouth? Is that what you've dreamed of while you've been playing with that little-boy cock of yours?"
"Yes Miss" he replied eagerly, "I think of them all the time, they're beautiful, even more beautiful than I'd imagined". "Good boy" she replied, "you can touch them again now if you like." His hands reached up and once more they were enveloped as he gently squeezed them, rubbing his palms against her nipples and delighting in the feel of them puckering up and hardening for him. He squeezed them together, delighting in the firmness of them, watching her cleavage deepen and wondering at how he'd found himself in this position at all.
Angela was only about 2 or three years older than him, but she was so far ahead of him sexually they were light years apart. She touched his face tenderly as he gazed at her chest, and he only just heard her when she whispered "suck them Boy." He looked up at her to confirm that he'd heard her correctly, and she nodded at him as her hand gently pulled his head towards her. She instructed him quietly as he licked and sucked her nipples, moving from one to the other and back again, obeying her every instruction as she told him to suck more gently, or harder, or flick it with his tongue. Angela was grinding her pussy against him and those wonderful nipples were rock hard in his mouth. The boy realised that Angela had one hand in her knickers and was touching herself right there on his lap and she had to remind him to go back to what he'd been doing. He did as he was told, and watched in wonder as she threw her head back, her nipples impossibly becoming harder again as she shuddered in climax. It was inevitable and no surprise to the boy that he came in his pants again when her wet fingers were pushed into his mouth.
"Very good, Boy" she said breathlessly as he hungrily licked all of her juices off her fingers. "Today's lesson is over now, you've done well" and she calmly stood up, turned around and walked out of the room.