I met her when she was 19. I was 32.
I had seen her before around town; green eyes, small breasts, small waist, her back would dip into her dorsal bone making her big butt look even bigger. I picked her up, took her to the hills where I photographed her, had sex. It was to be 15 years later when she had fully matured, that I would find out that she was a strong show-off. She loved being looked at. She would dress in short dresses, not minis, just short enough so that if she was "careless", you would look up her dress.
She would sit in her stained glass gallery on a chair, her skirt would ride way up and she would be reading a book when a male customer would walk in and if she felt like it, and she often felt like it, she would stand up while opening her legs to give the guy a fast glimpse of white, black, polka dot or whatever panties she happened to be wearing that day.
She was, is a lovely woman.
I was married when I first had her. 14 years later I had been separated for a year. She was living with a guy, Hugo, when I saw Martha walking on the street again. I stopped, found out she had the glass gallery and sent her flowers.
Not long after that, she came to my house one night, she had told Hugo that she was going out for a walk. This time the sex was incredible. Maybe two hours later she had to go home. Great. I was getting super sex and not having to cuddle or any of that stuff that we are supposed to provide.
Our relationship continued like that, exciting hidden sex. She was wild, I was wild. Eventually, she left Hugo and moved in with me and that´s when the real adventure began.
I would question her about her short skirts, slowly, carefully so that I would not become jealous, she started revealing how exciting it was to show off. It is like a power that I hold over guys, she would tell me, I show them a little leg and they become really nice, I show them a little pantie and they are in my power, she would explain.
I loved hearing it. I would encourage her to do it more. I told her that I loved watching and that I would love to see her in action. She would do it, we would become very excited and then I would "punish" her for being such a showoff. I would get her to show her body and I would then make her feel guilty over it and punish her with exquisite sex where I would make her tell me everything she felt while showing off.
This game when on for a while until I finally asked her, yes, you guessed it. I wanted to see more that she just showing her panties and legs.
She got so hot over it, she would cum and cum when I would fuck her and tell her what I wanted. When she would come down from the sex-high she would question whether I really wanted to see her. She didn´t want to lose me over it. It was not difficult to convince her. I told her that we would go slow, step by step, if she didn´t want to proceed at any moment, she could stop. I would tell her this while making out with her, while caressing her pussy so very delicate. I would tell her how exciting it would be for some guy to do something more than just look at her. To hold her, to kiss her, to touch her. She would explode thinking of the possibilities. She would go to her gallery and call me: "Guess who came by this morning" she would say, meaning that there was a guy she liked. I would get so hard when she would talk in such a way that the guy there didn't know what was cooking. I would ask where she was. "Sitting in my chair, reading". That meant that the guy was looking at stained glass, walking around, not realizing that behind her desk, her skirt was starting to ride up waiting for the right moment when he would be able to catch a glimpse. I would start jacking off. I would tell her, you got me hard. Where is your skirt, she would say: I´m about halfway through the book. The skirt was halfway up. But I should be able to get to the end today. The moment was close. She loved it, I loved it.
I´m getting tired and excited remembering.