It was early afternoon and there was a shout from the back of my house, which was my friend arriving to hang out. We had been friends for years and she knew it was fine to just come around the back. We met through playing sport. Actually, we met through my older sister. They met through playing sport. But now we have all played in different teams together at different times and are almost like family.
My parents were out for the day so it was just us. It was a beautiful day and there was never any question that we would do anything other than sit on the lounges next to the pool and tan. My friend doesn't have a pool at home so she is always up for a bit of tanning and swimming. And it is good for me because, well, when it is there all the time you kind of forget about it.
I was lying on a lounge on my belly by the time she had changed into her bikini. She came over to lay down next to me, but before she sat down I asked her to put some sunscreen on my back. I undid the tie for my bikini top that was behind my neck, and moved my long pony tail out of the way. I wouldn't say that this had happened hundreds of times, but certainly we'd spent many lazy days lying around the pool and it always involved rubbing cream into each others' backs.
I felt her rubbing as usual. Both hands had cream on them and she started rubbing it into the back of my shoulders. She went down my back and undid the bow on the strap around my back. The last thing holding my bikini top to my body. This wasn't something she normally did, but it also wasn't something that I really thought about. I just accepted that she was doing a thorough job. She kept going down my back, rubbing her hands all the way up and down my back, slowly going lower and lower until the was almost rubbing my butt. But before I could really think about it she moved to my sides and started rubbing some cream up and down my sides, almost hitting my side-boob but not quite. I was enjoying myself enough to realise I was disappointed when she stopped.
'Thanks, that seemed very thorough,' I said.
'Haha. No problem sweetie. It is going to be hot today so I thought I better do it properly.'
Then she dragged the other lounge a bit closer to me and lay face down on it, facing away from me.
'I suppose you want me to get up and do your back now?' I asked.
'Well, it is not going to do itself, and you do owe me. So, yes. Please.'
I stood up and then suddenly realized that my bikini top did not stand up with me. I quickly covered my boobs but then realized it was silly as no one could actually see me. I thought about putting a top on just while I was up, but that seemed silly too. So, I decided to put sunscreen on my friend's back, and I have to admit, I was a little excited about being topless out in the open like I was.
As I moved over she reached to undo the bikini tie behind her neck, same as mine. So I asked if she wanted me to undo the other one.
'It seems a bit silly as it is only a little piece of string, but there is no reason to risk tan lines when it can just be undone, especially in the privacy of your backyard.'
'Are you saying you wouldn't do it at the beach?' I asked, and I untied it as we were talking.
'Well, ok, I would most likely do it at the beach. I'd be really paranoid that I would forget to do it up again before sitting up though.'
I hesitated for a moment. Did she know that is exactly what just happened to me? But she didn't say anything else, so I replied, 'no one would be dumb enough to do that.'
She laughed and then let the matter rest. Meanwhile I had moved over to her and started to put cream on her back. I started on her shoulders and moved down her back. Doing a thorough job, just like she did for me. As the heels of my hands were just about on her bikini bottoms I heard her say, 'Can you pull the bottoms down a tiny bit and put some sunscreen there?'
This is not something she'd ever asked before, but I couldn't really think of a reason to say no. So I slid them down a fraction. 'Nice butt crack,' I said.
'Haha. Thanks. I'm glad you like it. Can you do the sides as well. I can probably reach myself but I'd have to move, and I really don't want to do that right now.'
Of course, I agreed, and put some more cream on my hands. I rubbed in the cream, up and down her sides, almost hitting her side boob but not quite.
'All done,' I said, and moved back to my lounge and lay back down on my front.
'Thanks sweetie,' she said. 'That was awesome.'
'What was awesome?' I asked, a little puzzled. 'I just put sunscreen on your back.'
'And my butt.'
'Well, not really but ok.'
'And my sides.'
'Yes, and your sides, ok.'
'And my side boob.'
At this point I hesitated a moment. This was not the sort of conversation we had had before. But we were very close and also very sarcastic, so I decided to fully commit.
'I did not touch your side boob, thank you very much.'
'Umm, I'm pretty sure you did,' she replied.
'I most certainly did not'
'Well, never mind then. I must have misremembered it.'
'It literally happened 12 seconds ago,' I exclaimed. And then we both laughed. Then she turned her head to face me.
'So what was that like?' she asked.
'What?' I replied, not knowing what she was talking about exactly. Was she asking about me touching her side boob? Surely she knew that I didn't really.
'What was it like walking around half naked while you put sunscreen on my back?'
I immediately went red.
'I'm so sorry,' I stammered, 'But you were facing the other way and I didn't think it would matter.'
'Oh, it doesn't worry me at all. Don't worry about that. I'm just curious. What was it like?' she asked again.
'Well, I don't know,' I stammered again. Not really knowing how to answer.
'It's ok, I'm just asking, not judging. If it helps, I'm really jealous you did it. I wish I had.' Then she paused for a moment before continuing. 'Ok, let me ask a different question then. Was it the first time your boobs have seen sunlight?'
And I went red again.
'I'll take that as a no.'
'Well. Yes. It is a no.'
'So. When?'
I was desperately trying to navigate this conversation. I was so uncomfortable, but I know my friend didn't mean any ill will. And, I completely trusted her. So I took a couple of breaths and replied.
'Ok, to answer your first question, it felt great with my tits out.'
'Awesome,' she replied, 'like I said, I'm just curious. And jealous. But now, what about the second question?'
'Ok, it is not the first time my boobs have seen sunlight, as you so eloquently put it. They have seen sunlight a few times.' I stopped there. I knew I would tell the rest of the story if she asked, but I wanted to wait for her to ask. She didn't hesitate.
'So, what other times, you can't just leave it there!'
'Haha. Ok, I know. I was just seeing if you really wanted to know or not.'
'I do.'
'Ok. Well. When I know I'm at home by myself in the morning. It is really nice to just get out of bed, walk directly to the pool, and dive in, without thinking of anything else.'
'In your pajamas?' she asked.
Then I hesitated again. This was another thing I wasn't expecting to reveal.
'Well, I don't wear pajamas.'
'Ah. That makes sense then. Cool.'
'Not going to comment about the no-pjs thing?' I asked.
'No. Not at all. I'm much the same.'
'Oh,' I replied. Knowing this actually made me feel better. I had always thought it was a bit weird not wearing pajamas, but it always seemed much more comfortable to me. I mean, why put on clothes to go to bed? It makes no sense.
'So how does it feel swimming naked?' She was determined for more than just the shallow answers.
'Well, to be honest. It feels awesome. Especially first thing in the morning. Just jumping in without thinking much. And then air drying afterwards.'
'Air drying? You just wander around naked?'
'Ha. Yes. Hence the sunlight on my boobs. Dummy.'
She laughed and replied, 'Thanks for telling me all that sweetie, I appreciate it.'
I just smiled, and we continued to lie there in the sun, facing each other.
After a while she broke the silence with yet another question, 'Ok, we have been lying on our stomachs for a while. Do you want to turn over and let the puppies tan?'
For the second (third? fourth?) time I went red. But before I could answer she said, 'so I'll take that as a no?'
I didn't say anything.
'Because I do. Just to be clear. If you don't want to that is fine, but do you mind if I do?'
This was a much easier question to answer. Of course I didn't mind if she did. How would that affect me? 'No, no problems at all, go for it,' I replied.
So she rolled over on the lounge, and I watched. She is what would be described as voluptuous. Six foot one, athletic, not super thin, but not at all fat. But with massive boobs. I'd seen her in a sports bra many times, and in a 'girlie bra' as she liked to call them, and in bikinis, but I'd never seen them out in the wild, and they were massive. I've never had big boobs so I'm always fascinated by them.
A few moments later she leaned over to get the sunscreen. She adjusted the height of the back of the lounge so she was sitting up, and then lay back again at the new height. Her boobs looked even better. Really, perfect. I couldn't think of another way to describe them.
Then she squeezed out some cream and began rubbing it on them. I kept watching. She rubbed round and round, getting underneath them as well as the more exposed parts. She got some more cream and started covering her nipples. I swear that they started to get hard as she did this, but she didn't do it for long. Then she moved down to her stomach and lastly put a bit on her nose. All the time she was doing this I was watching, and aware that I was enjoying watching her rub her tits. Enjoying seeing her nipples harden. Fascinated by her body and the process of her applying cream.
She leaned back and relaxed when she was done and, I swear, had a little bit of a smile on her face.
There was silence for a few minutes, which was fine by me. We were close and didn't always need there to be noise. And also, that is what tanning is about! But eventually she broke the silence and said, 'So, are you going to turn over?'
This caught me a bit by surprise, but I was over the early awkwardness of the day.
'Why the hell not?' I answered. And I rolled over to my back and lay down flat.
'Good girl,' she teased.
'Ha, I'm not sure my parents would agree that I'm being a good girl right now.'
'Well, we are adults. In fact, we are in our twenties. Early twenties, but twenties nonetheless.'
'Very true,' I agreed.
'Want some sunscreen?'
'Oh jesus. Yes, thanks for that.'
And then I heard her get up. She walked the couple of steps over and handed me the sunscreen. As she moved her boobs bounced a little, making them even more spectacular than before. I was trying hard not to stare when she asked, 'Do you want me to help prop the back of your lounge up?'
How nice, I thought. 'Yes, thanks.'
She leaned over and her tits were just about directly in line with my eyes, and less than a foot away, as she tried to undo the latch. I sat up a little to help her, but not completely. In a couple of seconds she had the latch undone and was swinging the top up. As she pulled it up it lurched for a moment, and she lost a bit of her balance. Her boob almost hit my in the face as she regained her balance. But, without saying another thing, the lounge was set up and she sat back down.
I was still absorbed with her boobs until I realized that I was sitting there with sunscreen in my hand but not putting it on. So, I squirted some onto one hand, rubbed my hands together, then started applying it to my stomach. I slowly moved up to my boobs and started rubbing them. There was no need to do what she had done. My boobs are small and have a lot less skin exposed to the sun than her. But they could still get burned. One thing though is that my nipples are very sensitive and long. I soon started to feel them harden, which was awkward. So I quickly finished with the sunscreen and lay back to relax with my eyes closed. It was peaceful lying there. I was starting to hear the sound of birds in the trees, and I could feel a very gentle breeze on my bare skin.
'Nipples getting a bit hard?' The voice startled me. I took a moment to process it, then realized the breeze was tingling my nipples. I looked down and saw that they were fully erect.
'Don't worry about, and don't you dare think of covering up. Just relax. It is no big deal.'
I looked over at her and she was looking at me, smiling. I still felt embarrassed, but managed to stammer out a 'thanks'.
'No problem,' she immediately replied. Then hesitated before continuing, 'I thought about not mentioning but, well, they are really long and really hard, so I felt like I had to mention it,' and she smiled. 'I'm also very jealous.'
'Jealous? Of my boobs? You? Don't be ridiculous. You do know that yours are absolutely spectacular, right?'
'Haha. I haven't heard them described like that before. Especially not from a girl. But, well, thank you I suppose.'
'You are very welcome.' She smiled again, then I continued with the topic. Enjoying the honesty in talking about these intimate things. 'Ok, so what are you jealous of? Because I hope you know, I'm very jealous of your boobs.'
'Well, they are just boobs, but thank you again.' She paused before continuing. 'As for why I'm jealous of yours. I love that you don't have to constantly have to wear two sports bras. That you can run to the bus without worrying that they will pop out of your top. But also, I really love your nipples. Especially now. They are hot.'
I hadn't ever thought about my nipples being 'hot' before. They were just the embarrassing things I'd have to hide when the temperature suddenly got cold, or, like now, when I was a bit turned on.
She smiled again. 'I think you missed a bit. You better put some more sunscreen on them.'
I hesitated and smiled back. 'Actually, I was going to suggest the same thing to you,' I teased.
'Oh really? Which bit did you think I missed? I thought I got all of them. Maybe you should do it yourself?'
Now, this was a step. Was she suggesting I come over and rub her boobs? Was it a test? A tease? Just calling my bluff? I decided to call her on it. I got up and went over to her.
I stood above her. Not saying anything. I reached for the sunscreen and put some on my hands and rubbed them together. I still wasn't sure it if it was a tease, so I thought I'd play along.
'Actually, I think you missed lots of spots', I said.
'Ok,' she said quickly. 'You're the boss.'
Was I going to do this? I have to admit I was always interested in how boobs like that felt. I know I thought they looked soft and delicate. This was my chance. Maybe my only chance. I went for it.
I put one hand on each boob and started rubbing. They felt amazing. Soft, delicate, just how I hoped. I was staring at them while I was rubbing them then realized I was doing it, so I looked up at her face. She was looking back at me and smiled. We locked eyes and said nothing, while I was rubbing her fantastic boobs. I started to feel her nipples harden and so I automatically gave them more attention.
'That feels awesome,' she said.
'Feels pretty great to me too,' I replied.
Then I got bolder and started focusing just on the nipples. I took each one between my thumb and finger and rubbed them until they were even harder. I looked down at them and saw how hard they were. I could also see her chest breathing a bit shallower. Suddenly I got cold feet and stopped tweaking her nipples but left my hands on her boobs. I looked back up at her and she smiled. Then she moved her hands and put them on mine.
'Thanks for that, it was awesome. Did you like it?' she asked.
I smiled, a tiny bit embarrassed but also a bit turned on. 'I did, thanks to you too.'
'My turn now.'
'Really?'
'Hell yes!' she replied.
I smiled and moved my hands then lay back down on my lounge.
She got up, got some sunscreen and moved over to me. She looked me in the eyes and smiled. Then she reached out and started rubbing my boobs. My nipples were already hard and I could feel the pressure on them through her palms. Pretty quickly though she seemed satisfied with rubbing my boobs and gave attention to my nipples.
'Oh wow, they are amazing,' she said and smiled at me. I'd never thought of them amazing so I guess I was flattered that someone else would like them.
'Thanks, that feels good.'
'In what way?' she immediately asked. 'In a way that turns you on?'
In my head I was thinking, 'hell yes,' but it seemed strange to be telling my friend that she was turning me on. On the other hand, we were being pretty open and so I went with the truth.
'Yes, it really turns me on.'
'What in particular?'
'Well, my nipples are sensitive and so that is feeling great. But also, being out in the open makes it feel even better. Plus,' and I hesitated but pushed through and finished my thought, 'it feels great because I'm looking at my beautiful friend and her spectacular boobs standing above me.
She smiled and kept up her efforts on my nipples. Eventually she paused and rubbed my whole boobs again. Then she shocked me. She leaned forward so that her boobs were right by my face and jiggled her shoulders. Her boobs hit me on either side of my face. Before I could realize what was happening, she stopped and went back to her lounge.
'Umm, what was that?' I asked.
'Sorry, too far? I couldn't help myself.'
'Nah, it was funny. Shocking, but funny.'
'I'm glad,' she said. 'Ok, I've only got about half an hour before I have to go so I better get some serious tanning in.'
'Serious tanning?'
'Well yes. Unless you have any objections I'm going to remove any chance of tan lines.'
This made me hesitate yet again, in an afternoon full of surprises. But I didn't want her to feel uncomfortable, so I replied in as steady a voice as I could, 'You do you, no problem for me.'
She stood up, which I thought was weird, because she could have just taken them off while lying down. She was on the far side of her lounge and she turned to face me. Then stripped off her bikini bottoms. Now I knew why she was standing there, so she could be facing me when she took them off, because she was looking at me intently while she did. I felt my face reddening a bit but I was fascinated too. I looked into her eyes as she stood there in front of me.
'My god you are hot,' I said before I realized what I was saying.
'Thanks sweetie, that means a lot to me. You are pretty damn hot too.'
'You don't have to say that just because I did.'
'Oh I'm not, I really mean it. Why don't you go commando too?'
In some ways I was hoping she would say that, so I didn't have to decide for myself. I immediately stood up on the far side of my lounge. I looked at her and scanned down her perfect body again. Then I reached down and slid off my bottoms. I stood up again and looked at her. She had one hand on a boob, teasing her nipple, while staring at my pussy.
'Better put some sunscreen on that,' she said.
I felt like she was pushing me further than I would have gone myself but at this point I was really turned on. I got the sunscreen and put some on my hand. Then I reached down and started rubbing onto the area that my bikini had been covering moments before. I hesitated a moment. Not sure what to do next. Then I decided to let her take the lead again, and threw her the sunscreen.
'About time,' she said. And put some on her hand, immediately rubbing it in.
'You look hot doing that,' she said.
'So do you.'
Then my eyes moved from hers to her pussy and I could see that she was doing more than just rubbing in the sunscreen. Instinctively I started doing the same and moved my finger to my clit. As soon as I touched it I gasped a little.
'I know that feeling,' she said. 'My god I'm turned on.'
'Me too,' I replied, my self-consciousness seemed to completely leave my body. I kept rubbing my clit then started going up and down my slit. I was taking my lead from her and I could see her finger disappearing between her legs. Then she broke the moment and walked around to the other side of her lounge. She sat down on the edge, facing me, and spread her legs. I immediately followed suit. Now we were about three feet from each other, legs open, masturbating. This was so far from anything I'd done before, even with a guy, but I was so turned on and I trusted her.
'I'm going to come soon,' she said. And she spread her legs even wider. With one hand she was now fingering herself while the other was rubbing her clit. Again, I did the same. I was watching her and knowing exactly how she was feeling which made me even more turned on. Then I looked at her face and saw she was looking at mine. Our eyes locked and stayed that way while we lost all inhibitions with our hands and pussies. The connection had was such a turn on and the feelings in my pussy pushed me to the edge, then I saw her lose control. She threw her head back and started pounding her fingers into her pussy, so her palm was slapping against her pussy.
'Oh my fucking god,' she said, as her whole body twitched, and that is what did it for me. I felt myself losing control in the same way and just focused on my own orgasm until I'd calmed down again.
When I looked up she was sitting there smiling at me. Gently rubbing her clit, legs still wide apart. I thought that was a bit odd until I realized I was doing exactly the same. Then she got up and came over to me. She reached out her hand for mine and I took it, standing up in front of her. She reached her arms around me and we hugged, close and long. I didn't want to let her go, feeling so close to her after the intimacy we had just shared, and it seemed she felt the same way. After some time, I honestly don't know how long, she pulled apart a bit and bent down to kiss me on the lips. I happily kissed her back. It was gentle and caring. Then I felt her tongue and instinctively started playing with it. We continued like this, gently kissing. Eventually it felt right to release each other. We pulled away, still holding each others' hands.
'Thanks for a great afternoon, but I better go,' she said.
I was stung by this for a moment as I wanted to stay connected to her, but knew she had to go. I leaned up and kissed her again. Then, as they were close to my face level, I leaned down and kissed one nipple, then took the other in my mouth and sucked on it for a few seconds. I pulled away and said, 'ew, sunscreen,' and pretended to spit it out of my mouth.
That broke the ice and was the end of the day. We both got dressed and she left.
I felt at a bit of a loss for the rest of the day. Confused by what had happened but also knowing how much I enjoyed it. Does this mean I'm gay? Bi? Pan?
Later that night I was in bed and started googling. 'What is Pan?' was my first thought. But I soon started thinking back to the afternoon outside. I hesitated for a moment, but I always knew that I was going to do a search for 'lesbians masturbating outside'. The first hit I got seemed just what I wanted, and I watched two beautiful women sharing an intimate moment. I was lying on my stomach watching the computer screen and it didn't take long before my hand found its way to my pussy and I came, for the first time, watching girl on girl porn. Not long after I came for the second time. By the time I went for my nude swim the next morning I'd come five times in the past twenty four hours.
----
Part 2 coming soon.