All the characters are above 18. If you have liked this story, please send me a review. Thank you.
*
I always liked to stay naked and never found out the reason. It started with sleeping naked and gradually it became my habit whenever I was alone.
I was studying in college when I finally decided to go outdoors naked. Before going outdoors naked, I needed to make a plan otherwise there could be a risk of getting caught. Therefore I sat on the chair and started making a plan. It was summer and the heat was almost unbearable. The temperature rises a lot during summer in India. Anyway, it took me almost thirty minutes to make a final plan. Rest of the day passed like other normal days.
I woke up with the alarm I set before going to bed. I looked at the clock. It was midnight. I went to the windows and looked outside. It was a pin-drop silence situation. I, along with my family lived outside the town, so the streets were not that crowded.
I opened my bedroom door and came downstairs. Everybody was sleeping except me. I went back to my room and sat on the bed. This was the time to execute the plan I made during the day. I took my clothes off and kept them on the table. I came out of the room with my hands covering my boobs and pussy. I knew that everyone was asleep, but still it was something new for me. I never thought of going like this before, not outdoors at least. My bedroom was always my comfort zone and today for the first time I was going outdoors naked.
I got the keys from the shelf and unlocked the door. I stepped outside the house. I could not believe that I was standing naked in front of the main gate of the house. I did not open the iron-gate because it used to make creaking noise during opening. The walls were small, so I jumped over the wall. Now I was on the street. The street lights were on, so I took the other small path where there was no light. I remembered that I was still covering my boobs and pussy with my hands. I was sure that nobody could see me now, so I moved my hands and made them free. I could feel the warm air all over body. I was still feeling a bit cold, maybe because I was excited.
The excitement affected my boobs and pussy as well. My nipples became hard and I could feel moisture between my legs. I shaved my pubes during shower, so I could directly feel the warm air down there. I remembered when I started staying naked for the first time. My parents were not home and they could not return that day because of heavy rainfall and storm. I spend that day completely naked. I smiled without realizing.
I stopped walking. I was standing in front of a park. It knew the park. I used to come here years ago. I realized that I came a long way. I looked around to make sure that there was nobody around. I entered the park. I sat on one of the swings and started swinging. After a while, I stood up and started running on the grasses. I could feel my wet pussy started making slurp...slurp sounds and my boobs with erected nipples were jumping in a rhythmic way.
I could not run for a long time. I stopped and sat on the grasses with my legs spread apart. I could not resist my fingers from going between my legs. My fingers were rubbing my clit and my other hand was pressing my boobs. I entered my one finger slowly and started fingering myself. I forgot that I was sitting naked in the middle of a park. Then pushed another finger inside my slit and started moaning. I could not express how good it was! Looking at the sky I was pressing my boobs hard and was fingering my pussy even harder. Anyone near the park could hear me moaning very easily. I did not stop though I knew I was going to cum. I kept fingering my pussy harder and harder until my legs started to shake. I felt the big wave of water coming out of my pussy. I took my fingers out and that heavy wave of crystal cleared liquid came out of my pussy. One...two...three times. My legs were shaking and my heart was beating like a drum. I was wet with my sweat and juices.
I did not know how long I was laying on the grasses. I stood up with the chirping of birds. It would be morning soon. Without wasting time. I started walking fast. Sometimes I was running to reach home on time. I remembered all the things I did last night. I was happy that I finally did what I wished for a long time. Nobody would ever know what happened in the park last night.