April Acquires Two Lovers
By
Donald Mallord
Copyright September, 2023
9,500 MS Word Count
Forward
Occasionally, you want to write and read something that rises above the 'smut' label or that cringe phrase, a 'stroker story.' I believe this is one such story. Its theme evolved from a 750-word tongue-in-cheek story for the National Nude Day event in 2023. This version expands the loving relationship between husband and wife and her evolving friendship with the mailman. The style attempted for this endeavor is more like the classic, descriptive-laced epics of romance writers from a long-past generation — still stamped with a Literotica handprint.
My thanks to Kenjisato, a Literotica editor, for his grammatical review and corrections.
________________
Fuming Before Breakfast
Damn him! That smug, handsome man swaggered out the front door just like he said he would. I watched his smooth-as-a-baby's-butt ass stroll down the sidewalk like he hadn't a care in the world. I tried to get him back, even pleaded for him to turn around and take back his ultimatum.
Earlier, clad only in my frumpy housecoat with its thread-worn ties hanging loose and my breasts freely accessible, I had cried out in a huff as I stood at the kitchen table, "Johnny, for goddamn sakes, don't make me do this!" I even stomped my bare feet in angst like a little pouty girl with her curly bangs bobbing as I shook. I was so mad.
He just smiled and watched, as my tits jiggled.
Then I screamed harsher words, trying to reason with him, but those stuck in my throat like gravel in a hen's craw; I was too choked up in despair to respond to his last words before he went out the door.
He just grinned that dazzling-white, dentist-ad smile and said, "Sorry, sugar. It's like this from now on!"
Earlier, I babbled in utter confusion over what he demanded, while he stood there looking in the hallway mirror, straightening his tie, and checking out his perfect mesomorphic physique. Damn him and his great looks! I felt a wave of guilt for trying to jinx him. It is, after all, one of the many reasons I married him. Mama had said we were meant for each other. Me looking like Doris Day, and him like Rock Hudson; except when much later in life, I had learned that that hunk was gay. Not that there's anything out of place being that way.
"The world has gone nuts, Johnny," I had declared earlier when he sprang the news on me; I stood staring at him so wide-eyed. My jaw must have dropped for over a minute like it does in bed for his pleasure when he has his 'Ph.D.' moments. No, not the educational one — you know — his 'Pretty hard Dick' moments.
"Peanut butter or almond butternuts?" he quipped. Then, he stood smiling his Colgate Toothpaste smile while watching my face turn red, and my eyes widened in shock at his declaration.
"Get with the times, honey," he breathed with a sigh, almost like it was an afterthought and I was some — prude.
I couldn't believe it. The look on his face — that damned million-dollar smile with his high cheekbones and ruddy-looking face that so matched his red tie this morning. He didn't even seem to care about how I felt about it. He just... kissed my cheek, turned, and walked out the front door, swinging that damn leather briefcase in his hand. Still sputtering, I watched him through the window, strolling down the sidewalk in his flip-flops to his shiny-new convertible, putting the top down, and driving out onto the street, like it was an everyday event.
He'd given me an ultimatum.
"Try it."
Try it, hell!
How was that supposed to work? Who does that kind of shit?
"Just try it once," he ordered, mocking my dismay with his hands over his eyes and feeling his way across the room like a blind man as though that gave me a clue and helped me feel any better. After calming down a bit, I did get his hint later. 'Act like no one would see.' I think that's what he was getting at anyway. I was still pissed.
I could feel my heart beating faster. I looked at myself in the mirror as he went out the front door — a frowning face stared right back, though still youthful and gorgeous, I figured, despite the pouty look. I'd been in a rush, grabbed my old, comfortable, frumpy housecoat earlier, and went to the kitchen. In my exasperation, staring at the mirror, I realized he hadn't even reached inside my open housecoat to play with my tits like usual as I vented against him. Damn, I needed coffee urgently before I showered and got dressed for work.
Crazy, right? The second year of marriage, and we just had our first ... Shit, was this happening? I needed coffee, dammit! I was past borderline pissed at that point.
_______________
[Coffee is a stimulant; you're probably trying to tell me. But I'm not in the mood to listen if that's your advice.]
I needed it to calm myself down, as crazy as that sounded. Thank goodness Johnny had poured me a cup and left a blueberry muffin on a plate with two strawberries. At least that part of the world hadn't been turned upside down this morning. I sipped the dark-mellow roast blend, letting the aroma trigger the feel of coffee euphoria in my frazzled brain. My eyes closed, savoring it, and then I took a hearty swallow and replayed the morning again in my mind. How had it come to this?
"So, just put on something that makes you feel — in control," he had said when I objected earlier.
"No!" I declared as emphatically as a child being told to eat her peas at dinnertime.
"Not to the office, Johnny!" I cried when he ordered up his will over mine.
"Then somewhere!" he grew emphatic; that look on his face wasn't kidding. Despite my earlier vehement declaration, I knew he expected me to follow his ultimatum. Eventually, he knew I would, like a child, be eating my peas at dinner.
I love him too much not to. Besides, no peas, no dessert.
"You can do this," he whispered as he hugged and kissed me goodbye.
_________________
"Wear something ..." I mused as I stepped out of the shower. "Wear what, and still meet his demands."
In a flash of inspiration, I remembered how everyone's eyes seemed to focus on my favorite sexy golden choker when I wore it. That was a real security blanket thing for me. It's the one Johnny likes the most — his favorite slutty roleplaying one. I searched for it in my jewelry box, slipped it on, and went to the full-length wall mirror by the front door. I sucked in my breath and froze, staring at myself. How the hell was this supposed to improve my confidence level?
"Like this?" I asked, staring at the youthful, curvy, calendar-quality woman in the mirror with her hands touching the golden choker around her neck. She looked shocked and frightened, as though someone had just said, "Your husband is cheating on you."
"Hell no!" I backed up from the mirror and turned away.
More coffee, maybe with something in it for my nerves. I returned to the kitchen, grasping the choker for added comfort. I couldn't ...
I looked at the clock again for the fourth time--almost nine o'clock. Too embarrassed, I called in sick to the office. It's not like they would criticize me for missing one day out of the year, right?
What now? Johnny's ultimatum was looming. I couldn't fail him. I loved him too much. I was petrified and planted myself on the couch, watching ... hell, I wasn't watching anything on TV. My mind was so focused on knowing Johnny was expecting me to comply that nothing on the screen registered, not even the damn thing about today's special day celebration.
I'd worked myself into a state of object anxiety and added another cup of coffee to hold that at bay. Then inspiration, again, struck gold; the mailman comes at a quarter past two. Maybe I could do this. It was just the mailman, not someone that I really knew. I could, right?
I could go out that far--just sixty feet. The front door camera would catch me, proof for Johnny, right?
One last look in the mirror. Breathing deeply, I stood there summoning up a girl's newfound courage.
Shit, I did look good in that choker. It was at least something for a symbolic sense of comfort. That and five cups of coffee, a blueberry muffin, and two strawberries helped. Johnny always did that, put two strawberries on my plate — yeah, usually smirking something about matching the shapes, firmness, and color of my nipples.
The warmth of the sunlight felt good as I stepped out. My nerves were tensing. My head was on a swivel as I surveyed the sidewalk. Thank God, it was just me — until George came.
"Afternoon, April. I love your choker," he smiled, his eyes roaming over me while handing me the mail. "I believe a bit more sun would help even those tan lines. Sun would do you good; lots of vitamin D, you know."
I smiled shyly, barely able to answer, "Thanks, George. You ... know it's National Nude Day, right?"
"Do tell," he remarked playfully, "I'd forgotten all about that! Post Office says we had to wear the shirt at least. Got to look the part of a letter carrier, you know?"
He shifted the carrier strap around his neck to the left as he spoke to show me. He needed some sun himself. The parts above his knees, which his uniform shorts usually covered, were as fair complected as my parts traditionally covered by my bathing suit.
I could tell by how he meted out his words that he appreciated what he observed. Yeah, the tan lines on my neck and arms didn't match the rest of me. But I don't think he thought that mattered. George was probably thinking more about firm, ripe strawberries and peaches for breakfast as he checked where the sunshine didn't tan my hide. My heart raced, knowing George's eyes roamed my body like a guy caught up in discovering a vintage, tattered copy of Playboy.
Before it got awkward, he nodded, "Have a nice day, April." Then walked toward Mrs. Wilson's mailbox, singing the words to Simon & Garfunkel's song, 'April Come She Will.' You know, that one about how a girl's mood can change.
I had tried it. It wasn't so hard to do after all. National Nude Day was all right. Standing there naked in front of George was sort of a turn-on, even fun; now that I got that out of the way, my confidence level began to surge. Johnny would be proud — I did it — not to the office, but somewhere at least!
I sat on the front porch swing, enjoying the breeze flowing over me the rest of the day and waving to my neighbors as they came home later.
"National Nude Day!" I cried out, as they turned to look; most smiled as I stood up to wave. The breeze felt good, flowing between my legs. My supple, toned, and milky thighs twitched like vice-grips with a sense of daring anticipation as the moisture below seeped, stirred by a fingertip or two.
When Johnny's red convertible reappeared in the driveway, I noticed his red tie was gone. As he got out, he stood spread-legged in his Superman pose. On the sidewalk, the sun cast his shadow onto the grass. I could see he needed some sun, too, to blend those tan lines.
"Tried it," I casually remarked as he strolled up the steps looking like a smiling Cheshire cat, totally nude and looking as bare-butt handsome as when he left.
"You look lovely in that golden choker, Miss Nude Day contestant," he smirked as his middle leg grew a little firmer.
"You too, Mr. Nude Day winner," I giggled, seeping a little more as he got closer.
"Come here and claim your prize," I giggled, spreading my legs on the front porch swing.
"I think there should be a Make Love to Your Wife Nude on the Front Porch Day," Johnny breathed, as his shaft began to ease into me.
I was oozing with anticipation. It pooled on the swing beneath me. I was oh-so ready and limbered up by the sun's warmth. Oh, so prepared, flushed with wanton lust. I pushed forward as he grabbed my bottom and sank his entire length inside me.
"Lost your tie?" I hissed, between clenched teeth, as my legs squeezed in response to his rapid invasion.
"No," he grinned, "asserted my confidence."
"Me too," I gasped, as he plunged to his full length. I always love that rapid-sinking movement.
"I can feel that, too, you wonderful naked woman."
My sharp gasp and his groin smacking into my wet cunt urged him to speed things up.
I closed my eyes in bliss, and as my strawberries bounced, I relished each firm thrust of Johnny's Ph.D. — you know — Pretty hard Dick.
My mind wandered to thoughts of my neighbors driving home, watching us as we slammed together on the front porch swing. Behind closed eyelids, I had lusty images of George's eyes roaming my body, him licking his lips, and a smirk appearing on his charming mailman's face when I told him it was National Nude Day. I could tell he liked that idea a lot. Two years of mail delivery, and I had no idea he could sing that well as he walked away. There was a great deal about George I didn't know — like the size of that substantial swell pressed against that letter carrier bag, for instance.
Johnny's strained voice cut into my dazed, lustful thoughts. "Sugar, it's going to be like this from now on!" he burst out with a long-feral-guttural sound.
Then my John closed his eyes and lost control of his Ph.D.; I moaned as well as we came in a drawn-out series of huffs and gasps.
And that's how Johnny sprang the news on me about the fact we have to celebrate our National Nude Day from now on and how that day indelibly altered my life.
________________
As days turned into weeks, I stepped out of my comfort zone. At home, nudity became the style du jour. My going out meant wearing more revealing outfits and, of course, my go-to flashy choker. I found my outfits were barely passing the mall-cops' standards for admittance, and, at work, no one objected one bit. It was about embracing a newfound sense of confidence, an assertiveness that I never knew existed within me. The request that Johnny had given me had become a catalyst for change for personal growth.
For the first time, I took an interest in Johnny's clients and started conversing with them, striking up friendships I had never imagined. And, of course, I saw George, the mailman, in a new light. I found a growing desire to come home early more often to receive the mail personally. Our sidewalk chats became a regular part of my routine. George, I discovered, was a man capable of inspiring deep thoughtfulness, an artist, and, of course, a great listener and conversationalist. Our talks were usually light-hearted, often sprinkled with playful banter and genuine laughter. He made me feel seen and appreciated for more than just my role as Johnny's trophy wife.
One afternoon, George suggested we visit a nearby art gallery that had just opened. I hadn't done it in years, but with his encouragement, I agreed. As we strolled through the gallery, discussing the artwork and sharing our interpretations, I felt a connection beyond surface-level pleasantries. There was a depth to our conversation that I hadn't experienced in a long time. George's persona was the ying to my yang, while Johnny was ... Johnny's was the real-world, tangible side of business and sex, the image of life with which I started in marriage.
You know, like that song by Crosby, Young, Stills, and Nash about a home, two cars in the garage, and two cats? Anyway, it went something like this: "Our house is a very, very, very fine house. With two cats in the yard. Life used to be so hard. Now everything is easy 'cause of you." It was the perfect life Mama had envisioned for us.
As weeks turned into months, my interactions with George continued to evolve. Simple conversations transformed into heartfelt discussions about life, dreams, and fears. George made me feel comfortable in my skin, encouraging me to explore facets of myself that I had long neglected.
But amidst this newfound connection, there was a growing turmoil within me. My feelings for George were becoming more than just friendly affection. The emotional intimacy we shared bordered on something more profound that made me question the life I had built with Johnny. The ultimatum that had initially felt like a frivolous challenge, was now reshaping the very foundation of my marriage.
_______________
"Babe, I'm leavin'," Johnny called out as he stood at the front door. It was a whole week away this time, Las Vegas.
"I could have come with you," I whined, as I saw the happy look on his face. I figured he was going to have a good time as well as presenting some damn software thing he wrote.
He saw my pout and tried to cheer me up. Trying his best, he broke into a terrible rendition of a John Denver song, "So kiss me and smile for me. Tell me that you'll wait for me. Hold me like you'll never let me go because I'm leavin' on a jet plane. I don't know when I'll be back again. Oh, babe, I hate to go ..."
I put my fingers in my ears and ... grimaced with a stupid, pain-faced, cross-eyed look. He laughed at my clown face, and I did as well; I felt better. Both of us knew he couldn't sing worth shit. Not like George; he could sing. He could dance. He could ... Well, anyway, I gave Johnny a goodbye kiss and smiled as he went out the door — to Las Vegas. At least he tried to lighten the mood, imitating John Denver. He knew I would feel anxious in his week away from me.
Mid-week, George came by after he got off from work. I must have looked shocked when I answered the door and said, "George, what ..."
"April, you looked a little down today when I brought your mail. And when you said John was away for a while, I thought perhaps I'd visit and ... we could talk ... maybe cheer you up a little."
George's thoughtfulness did pick me up, along with his bright smile. It was so considerate of him to think about my despair when he delivered the mail that afternoon. We found ourselves sitting on a park bench by the jogging trail, engrossed in conversation as usual. Only this time, the air was thick with unspoken emotions.
"April," he spoke during a lingering pause, "I must confess that day I saw you dressed only in that golden choker, I wanted more than to deliver the mail."
Gently, he leaned over and touched my arm. It was the first time we had made physical contact in our conversations, except when he invited me to join him for some dance lessons he had won at a raffle. Quickly, I learned George really didn't need the lessons. He could have been a great instructor, and he did teach me quite a few new moves during that week. Those touches felt different than his current caress. On that park bench, I trembled as his fingertips lightly stroked downward to the back of my hand.
"I know that, George," I replied politely. "I saw it in your eyes and that wonderful smile that lit up your face. I thought you were such a gentleman when you handed me the mail on National Nude Day. Johnny would have fucked me ... Oh! Shit! ... I'm sorry, George ... I didn't mean to ..." I gasped, having startled myself, and was amazed at going into some intimate recesses in my mind in a moment of weakness.
George smiled again and, with a light laugh, replied, "I wouldn't want to intrude on your life like that, April. Though I am an immoralist, I think enough of you not to push those boundaries."
"No, George, boundaries are important; some lines shouldn't be crossed, right?" I replied, though the thoughts in my head were mixed on that subject. My legs twitched in reflex of those thoughts as his hand lingered upon my hand. The sensations coursed up my core, and my arm jerked in response. George felt it beneath his fingertips.
I knew I had to address the growing tension within me.
"George," I began hesitantly, "you've brought so much into my life. I can't deny our connection and how you make me feel alive again."
"April, each day, each afternoon, you make me come alive again. You provide a spark in my mundane existence. I would gladly share that moment every day if it were but a touch or only to see you as you were on the last Nude Day appearance on your sidewalk."
I felt George's fingertips tremble against my skin as his words spilled out. Those words were softly spoken, heartfelt, and tinged with guilt, perhaps — it came out as a soft pleading. His eyes shined as I watched his lip quiver; from thoughts of shame at admitting it, or out of desire; I couldn't tell.
My newfound confidence overrode my inhibitions. At that moment, I knew George needed some reassurance, some comfort in his vulnerable life. The same comfort he had offered me in today's visit. We were in a secluded part of the park, although in the open, and yet, I did not care about the location. George had been my friend and my confidant for months. Whether it was compassion, or a sense of exhibitionism brought on by the Nude Day experience, I impulsively gave George what he sought.
Without another word, I stood and stepped onto the bench; my trembling fingers unbuttoned my blouse, one button, then another ...
As I reached for the third, George said, "Here, let me."
His nimble fingers undid a fourth, a fifth one, and my breasts sprang free. After adopting nudity at home, I'd given up bras as a major encumbrance. Gently, George folded the blouse and set it on the end of the bench, then twirled his fingers in a spinning motion. I obliged, giving him my back. His practiced hands undid the skirt; it joined my blouse on the bench. Panties had become a thing of the past like the bras. I really did not need bras; I wore them out of conventionalism, something to keep my nipples from being seen through my sheer tops. As Johnny often remarked, my breasts stand proud and firm, toned by exercise and youthfulness — appointed with two ripe strawberries.
Slipping out of my sandals, I stood naked on the bench, looking down as George silently gazed up at me. I swallowed nervously, having given it a second thought now. My impulse had made me vulnerable and on display for all the park to see. I glanced around and was relieved to see we were alone, at least at the moment. What would prevent him from giving into his amoral side and taking me on the bench the way Johnny would have?
Too late now, I hadn't thought that through. I counted on his resolve; that's all I had because if he had asked, in that moment of weakness, I would have wholeheartedly fucked him.
"George, maybe ..." my voice hesitated as the realization of being perched upon the bench had put me on full display, "... maybe this isn't such a good idea."
"Shush ... let me enjoy this moment, April. If it is the last one, that we have together, I want it to be filled with you experiencing your submissive side. You've done that, yes?"
"I don't know, George," my words hesitantly spilled out, "I don't know what you mean by submissive side. I guess I have. I usually let Johnny make our decisions." The words tumbled out as I looked down at him, his eyes wide and staring up at mine — and other places.
"April, I'm talking about giving yourself totally to someone — not your day-to-day business decisions. It's about obedience. I've sensed you need that in you since our first encounter at your doorstep. It starts with trust. Do you trust me, April? Really trust me?"
George's voice sounded so soothing, pleading for a positive answer. My thoughts were confused at that point. I thought I had done that; trusted him. Here I was on a park bench, naked and alone with him. I guess I trusted him, right? I mean, he wasn't trying to maul me.
"Yes, George, I ... trust you. You're a good friend. You will keep your word about only touching, right?"
However, that wasn't exactly the only thought in my head as I felt his light touch stroke between my thighs and toward my mons. The sensations were causing me to tremble, and my breathing began to labor.
"You are safe, April. Just follow my directions. Stand still, as still as you can. Become a statue for me — try not to make a sound. Can you do that?"
"Yes," I moaned, as I licked my lips and stretched my neck back as his tongue roamed up and down my thighs and over my mons. God, standing still was going to be impossible, let alone trying to keep quiet. I did my best.
"Good girl," he breathed into my wet lips. It was no use trying to be a statue. I shuddered, clutched his bushy head of hair, and pressed him to me. It was a reflex. It was nice. It was goddamned good tongue!
"Oh, fuck!" I cried out, as my body jerked and then racked with pleasure as he ate me.
________________
"April, you have a lot to learn about being submissive," he said with a grin, as I dressed, and he wiped his face with a handkerchief.
We sat on the bench once again. In silence, I watched him take out his cock and stroke it. He didn't ask me if it was okay. I guess there wasn't a requirement to ask since he had just eaten a naked statute standing on a park bench. I watched him slowly masturbating with his legs spread wide. I knew I couldn't let him down after he had given me a lustful eating out, enhanced with the thrills of knowing I was on display in the park, naked, even if no one was around to watch me. Those Nude Day feelings of being somewhat of an exhibitionist welled up inside of me.
I'd never cheated on Johnny.
I wasn't sure this was cheating, either. I mean, George hadn't fucked me with that sizeable cock in his hand. And I wasn't sure cunnilingus was classified as cheating, either. I'd never had a conversation about that with anyone. George had helped stretch my horizon a lot — perhaps he was right — I might just be submissive, whatever that turned out to be. What I knew, at the moment, was George needed some relief. So, I gave him head just like I do for Johnny. I knelt before him, between his spread legs, perhaps that was submissive, or was it subservient?
I could hear a voice in my mind saying, "Woman, you've got to sort out those definitions and the question of cheating some other evening."
For now, I worked his cock like Johnny had taught me. It seemed it pleased George, too. His breathing became more labored, and his head tilted back in response. I felt the stirring in his balls as I coaxed his sac until the last drawn-out breath gasped as he shot his wad. I swallowed it all for him. His body shook, and it took a while for him to catch his breath and speak again. From the moans and gasps, as I sucked him, I knew he enjoyed my performance. At least he didn't object as I tucked him away, zipped his pants, and refastened his belt for him.
"George," I said, as his mind seemed to clear and his body returned to normal, "I'm not sure if this is what a submissive does. But I think we went very far away from personal boundaries. Right?"
"April, do you feel this was forced, unwelcomed, or a vow broken, perhaps?"
"I don't know what to think. I've never done this with anyone except Johnny," I answered. And never in public either, I neglected to say.
"This is a new level of ... friendship, April. I want it to be a friendship, still. Don't you?"
"It's just that this seems complicated now," I answered, sitting beside him. The acts of pleasure were so quick and surreal that I entertained an idea that this was just a fleeting errant sexual thought, not reality, that often transgresses my mind when I'm deep in conversation with someone like debonair George or handsome Johnny.
He looked at me, his eyes reflecting a mixture of understanding and concern. "April, I value our connection both before and now. But I sense there's something more you want to say."
Tears welled up in my eyes as I struggled to find the right words. "I'm torn, George. Torn between the life I've known with Johnny and this... this unexpected bond that's formed between us."
George reached out, gently wiping away a tear from my cheek. "April, life is full of unexpected turns. Sometimes, they lead us to places we never imagined. But it's important to be honest with yourself and those around you."
I nodded, a lump forming in my throat. "I need to confront Johnny, don't I?"
George's gaze was steady, his support unwavering. "Only you know what's truly in your heart. But remember, you deserve happiness, whatever that may mean for you."
Taking a deep breath, I knew what I had to do. The emotional depth I had sought was now confronting me head-on, urging me to make difficult choices. The conversation with Johnny wouldn't be easy, but it was necessary to untangle the complexities of my feelings.
And so, as the sun dipped below the horizon, casting a warm palette of colors across the sky, I returned home with a weighty decision on my shoulders. The ultimatum that had set this journey in motion was now a crossroads, and the path I chose would redefine my relationship with Johnny and the rediscovered self that had emerged through the courage to try something new. It wasn't my idea that brought this on. Johnny's injunction was to 'try it' during National Nude Day. It was the irony of ironies. Johnny had sparked this event tonight, and I was left at a crossroads. If I had been Robert Frost, the poet George had introduced me to, I would have taken the road less traveled.
Shit, what now?
_______________
Johnny Returns from Las Vegas
The evening was heavy with anticipation as Johnny and I sat in the dimly lit living room. The air seemed to crackle with unspoken emotions, and I could feel my heart racing. This was the moment I had been avoiding, the conversation that had to happen.
"April," Johnny began, his usually confident tone tinged with vulnerability, "I can't help but notice that something's been different between us lately."
I took a deep breath, my gaze meeting his. "Johnny, there's something I need to tell you. It's about George."
His brow furrowed slightly, a mixture of curiosity and concern on his face. "George? The ten-year-old down the block?"
"No, George, our mailman ... my friend."
My lips pursed while my fingers nervously played with the hem of my blouse.Why would it be about the ten-year-old down the block? His name was George, too? How did he know that?I wondered, perplexed that idea had thrown my train of thought off track for a moment.
"Johnny, I thought it was just a harmless friendship at first, but it's become more than that. It started with that damn ultimatum you made on the National Nude Day celebration. It grew from there, and ... I've developed feelings for him, feelings that I never expected."
Johnny's expression shifted to a mixture of surprise and hurt, crossing his flushed, ruddy face.
"April, I know I pushed your boundaries that day. It was just a way of getting you to be more outgoing to develop your self-confidence. Honey, I've seen you bloom; you're alive and more confident now. I never meant for that to cause a rift between us. The ultimatum was meant to be a playful challenge, something to shake things up between us," Johnny choked out, as he watched my expression change to one of pain.
"You told me the mailman saw you," Johnny spoke, his voice was a dry croak, "but you didn't say it was a big deal. Did he ... do something ... or you ...?"
Tears welled up in my eyes as I tried to convey the depth of my emotions. "Johnny, it's not just about the ultimatum anymore. It's about how he makes me feel — alive, seen, understood. I never realized how much of myself I had lost until I started spending time with him."
Johnny leaned back in his chair, his fingers drumming lightly on the armrest. "I've been a fool, haven't I? Pushing you into this and not realizing the consequences."
I reached out, placing my hand over Johnny's like George did with mine in the park. "It's not just your fault, Johnny. I allowed myself to change and grow, and I can't deny its impact on me."
Johnny's gaze met mine, his eyes searching for something. "Sugar, I love you. I've always loved you. But I don't want to hold you back if you've found something in George that's making you question us."
Tears spilled down my cheeks as I struggled to find the right words. "Babe, it's not about choosing between you and George. It's about finding myself again, about discovering who I am beyond the roles I've played."
He let out a sigh, his shoulders slumping slightly. "I should have paid more attention, shouldn't I? I should have noticed when you needed more from me."
I squeezed his hand gently, my heart aching at his vulnerability. "Johnny, this isn't just about blame. It's about acknowledging where we've fallen short and deciding where we go from here."
He looked at me, his eyes brimming with emotions. "April, I'm willing to change, to give us a second chance. I don't want to lose you, not without a fight."
I wiped away my tears, a mixture of hope and uncertainty filling my heart. "Honey, I don't know where this path will lead us, whether towards each other or in separate directions. But I'm willing to have an open heart, to explore what's best for both of us."
He nodded, a determined look in his eyes. "April, let's take this journey together. Let's rediscover each other, and if along the way we find that our paths should diverge, let's do it with understanding and respect."
Johnny's words sounded like those of a poet, Robert Frost, or even George's words and tone as I listened and tried to comprehend them amidst my glistening teardrops. As we sat in the quiet room, the weight of our words hung in the air. The conversation had been raw and honest, a pivotal moment that would shape the trajectory of our lives. In Johnny's eyes, I saw a glint of sincerity, a willingness to change that filled me with a cautious sense of hope. It was a fragile but open hope. At least, I wanted to believe that. I had to believe it because I wasn't ready to embrace an uncertain future.
We went to bed that night, each carrying our guilt and anxiety. After a week away, Johnny's Ph.D. would have been deep inside me immediately. Instead, we lay awake and turned away from one another. Restlessness, fueled by anxiety, meant neither of us could sleep. In the middle of the night, Johnny turned to me, his hand gliding gently between my thighs. He needed me; that was easy to tell as his fingers tentatively probed my mons. I rolled toward him and lightly touched his hard cock. It was enough, a signal Johnny read as permission.
Wordlessly, he grasped my thigh, hoisted my leg over his, then fervently fucked me; his hot breath steamed against the hollow of my neck. Fast, effective, it got him off. As usual, his sticky semen trickled down my thighs and seeped onto the crisp, fresh sheets. I should have been breathless, soaked with sweat, and like jello without the mold, but not tonight. He left me empty, emotionally, that is. He rolled away in the darkness, knowing I didn't climax. Any other time, he would have frigged me off, even if it was with his fingers driving me to that feel-good place as my body rippled with satisfaction; tonight, his guilt wouldn't let him do that.
We should have spoken about it in the morning. But I got up and washed the sheets instead.
_______________
A Return to the Park
Johnny spent the morning warily avoiding conversation, quickly picking up on my dour mood. To escape, he went with his favorite ploy. "Uh," he asked hesitantly, "April, do you need anything from the store?"
He was gone a long time. I attribute my mood to the way he treated me like I was some lifeless-latex-sex doll, not my usual hormonal time restlessness. Restless, I needed to get out of the house. I'd run out of things to clean, and Johnny was still walking on eggshells, voiceless about what had happened when he returned. Still, there was the glimmer of last night's conversation, Johnny's willingness to work toward our relationship. I clung to that hopeful flicker of light.
I needed fresh air. The sun was setting in a warm cascade of colors as I walked to the park where George and I had spent so many evenings together. My heart was heavy with last night's conversation with Johnny, now layered with this morning's further sepsis-like situation. The decision to confront the growing affection I felt for George had been necessary, but it wasn't without its complications.
As I approached the park bench, George looked up from his book with a warm smile. "April, you're here. I was hoping you'd come."
I took a deep breath, my nerves getting the best of me as I sat beside him. "George, we need to talk."
His smile faltered, replaced by a concerned expression. "Is everything okay?"
I looked into his deep azure pools, where the sky seemed to be trapped, and the bond we had formed revealed itself in the silent exchange of glances that spoke volumes.
"George," I said, my voice softening as I remembered the night our boundaries crossed over our friendship line. "These past few months have been incredible. You've brought so much into my life and given me a new sense of self that I had lost for a long time. I cherish every moment we've shared, like that night on this park bench, where you turned the ordinary joy of pleasure into an extraordinary joy; I felt like that woman in the movie you showed me, Emmanuelle."
Reaching out, he gently took my hand in his. "April, you mean a lot to me, too. You've reminded me of the beauty in simple moments, the joy of connecting with someone on a deeper level."
Tears filled my eyes as I struggled to find the right words. "George, my conversation with Johnny was honest and painful, but it made me realize that my feelings for you are more complex than I thought."
His grip on my hand tightened, a mixture of understanding and sadness in his eyes. "April, I don't want to be the cause of any pain. If being with me complicates your life, I wouldn't want that."
I looked away, blinking back tears. "George, it's not just about complication. It's about understanding that the path I've walked with Johnny, even with all its imperfections, is a part of who I am."
He nodded slowly, his thumb gently stroking the back of my hand. "I see. You've made a decision, then?"
I turned to face him, my heart aching at the disappointment I could see in his eyes. "George, I've realized that I can't just let go of the bond I share with Johnny, even with its ups and downs. We had a frank conversation, and he's willing to change to make things work."
George smiled. It was a bittersweet look, a mixture of understanding and acceptance. "April, I'll always cherish the moments we've had together. You've given me a taste of something beautiful, something I didn't think I'd find again."
Tears spilled down my cheeks as I reached out to cup his face, the ache in my heart mirrored in his gaze. "George, I hope you find happiness too. You deserve it."
He leaned into my touch, his eyes closing briefly. "Thank you, April. You've reminded me of the power of connection, how two souls can profoundly touch each other's lives. You know our paths may still cross; I'll continue to deliver your mail. I can leave it in the mailbox if you prefer not to see me."
I nodded. I don't know if he took that to mean 'yes,' we'll continue to see each other or 'yes' leave the mail in the box. I was so flummoxed at that point, I didn't care.
As we sat there in silence, the warmth of the setting sun casting long shadows across the park, I held onto his presence for a moment longer. The gentle breeze rustled the leaves, and I closed my eyes, savoring the familiar scent of the grass beneath us. In that fleeting moment, I remembered the words of Robert Frost, 'Two roads diverged in a yellow wood,' and realized how our paths were diverging once more.
We finally stood up, our steps echoing softly on the path. As we walked away from the park bench, as Frost had written, each step carried us further apart. I took the bittersweet memory of a connection that had ignited my spirit and helped me find the courage to embrace change. The road ahead was uncertain, but I knew that I would forever carry the warmth of this moment with me, like a beacon in the darkness, guiding me through the unknown."
_______________
April's Fools
Some weeks later, on a warm Saturday afternoon, the sun hung lazily in the sky, casting a golden glow over the quiet suburban street. As George made his way down the sidewalk, his mailbag slung over his shoulder, he couldn't help but feel a mixture of anticipation and trepidation. He knew that April had faced a challenging decision. The outcome with Johnny remained unknown as she had chosen not to meet him again.
The mailman wondered if today might bring a final resolution to the emotions swirling between them. He'd been resigned to leaving the mail in their bin at the door for over a month. In the meantime, he missed out on her smile and their light-hearted conversations at the doorway or in their favorite spot in the park. He was also at a turning point in his life, a need to know if he was to be a path yet not taken.
Approaching the mailbox of April and Johnny's house, George's steps faltered when he saw Johnny standing there, a thoughtful expression on his face. George's mind raced as he tried to make sense of the situation. April had been the one he would have expected to see when he knocked at the door today, not her husband standing outside to greet him.
"Hey, George," Johnny greeted him with a wry smile. "I guess you were expecting April, huh? Well, we had a frank discussion about that."
George nodded, his heart beating a little faster than usual. "Yeah, I did expect it might be April. I thought she might come out of her self-conflict one day — and rekindle our friendship."
Johnny leaned against the porch rail and studied George for a few moments before he spoke again. George sensed a sign of benevolence in his gaze. "You know, April has a way of surprising both of us. Today happens to be April Fool's Day, after all."
A small chuckle escaped George's lips, the play on words not lost on him. "I suppose you're right."
Johnny's expression turned more serious, a hint of vulnerability in his eyes. "George, I've had a lot of time to think about everything. About the ultimatum, about how April feels about you. And I've realized that maybe I've missed out on some parts of her that I didn't fully appreciate."
George listened; his curiosity piqued. "Johnny, I've seen a different side of April, too. She's blossomed in ways I couldn't have imagined. A lot like Emmanuelle, you know?"
"Who?"
"Someone shy like April that I knew when I was your age. She blossomed and made a movie or two."
Johnny nodded a mixture of understanding and determination in his gaze. "I don't want to lose her, George. But I also don't want her to lose the newfound confidence and happiness she's found in herself when she's with you."
George sighed, a mixture of conflicting emotions swirling within him. "I care about April, Johnny. I want her to be happy, even if that means it's not with me."
The younger, youthful-looking man straightened up, his gaze steady as he studied the slightly graying, robust mailman. "Maybe we don't have to view this as an either-or situation, George. Maybe there's a way for us to navigate this and find some balance."
George's brow furrowed, a sense of surprise in his expression. "You mean...?"
Johnny shrugged, a half-smile playing on his lips. "Who knows?" he posited, "Maybe April Fool's Day is the perfect time to consider unconventional solutions."
The two men exchanged a glance, a mixture of uncertainty and openness in their eyes. As they stood there in the warm afternoon sunlight, the weight of the situation hung in the air. The path ahead was uncertain, but at that moment, there was a shared understanding that the bond between them could redefine the dynamics of their relationships and lead to a different kind of future--one that celebrated growth, connection, and the willingness to embrace the unexpected. It became an epiphany moment; two reasonable men of similar minds weighing in on an unusual turn of events discovering an unexpected twist of fate.
"George, why don't you come for dinner tonight?" Johnny asked as George turned to continue his route.
George turned to face him, smiled, and responded, "I'd like that."
He continued along his route. Johnny watched his gait pick up, listening as George's melodious voice broke out in song with Paul Simon's lyrics, "April, come she will, When streams are ripe and swelled with rain, ... May, she will stay, Resting in my arms again ...
_______________
April Discovers a Singularity
In the weeks following that fateful Saturday afternoon conversation, the dynamics between Johnny, April, and George began to shift unexpectedly. Initially, a complicated tangle of emotions gradually transformed into a unique connection, marked by mutual understanding, open communication, and a shared commitment to navigating their complex situation.
Johnny graciously relieved April of her burden of guilt by acquiescing to her rekindling the friendship with George. He understood her need for George's emotional support was beyond what he could offer.
George, as her friend, remained ensconced in his amoral world. He tutored and nurtured April's budding sense of personal self-worth and broadened her sexuality, although going no further than respectful oral pleasure between them like that first day in the park.
When she bravely broached the subject of her encounter in the park with George, her husband's response answered April's uncertainty about whether that was cheating. She was honest, forthright, and spoke truthfully about what had transpired between her and George. Her statuesque pose in the nude, his explorations, and her orgasmic response were all revealed to him. It liberated her feelings of exhibitionism, the sentiments of enhanced arousal, and most of all, how much she realized that she had a calling to be submissive — though she still didn't know exactly what that meant at the time.
"April, honey, if you go no further than what you and George did on that park bench, then I'm okay with that; that's not cheating in my book. It's no more than what we all do at work to relieve stresses, right?"
April nodded affirmatively, though she knew she hadn't participated in such activities at her workplace. It happened, she knew, but mentally, she refused to acknowledge what happened in the supply closets and the closed meeting rooms. To hear Johnny's acknowledgment of it happening at his business didn't come as a surprise. She figured as handsome and as virile as he was, he had his share as well — maybe more. She bore one more wound to her psyche and needed more of George's nurturing to become submissive to that need as well.
George became a frequent guest at dinner. Johnny was amazed by his wealth of knowledge regarding sexual awakenings and became a student like April, soaking up George's experiences as he related his seemingly endless adventures.
One evening, as they sat on the porch swing watching the stars, George voiced a thought stirring in his mind. "You know, this is quite the unconventional arrangement we have."
April looked at him, a fond smile on her lips. "It is. But it's our unconventional."
Johnny nodded, his fingers entwined with April's. "It's about embracing what makes us happy, what brings us together. And if that means forging a unique path, then so be it."
As they sat there, the warmth of the moment enveloping them, the trio shared a sense of unity beyond societal norms and expectations. Unexpected twists had marked their journey, but it was also defined by the willingness to communicate, adapt, and find a way to nurture the connections that had meant so much to each of them.
"Who would have thought our little April Fool's Day conversation would lead to this?" George quipped, raising his glass in a toast to the couple.
April smiled, her gaze meeting Johnny's approving look before shifting her eyes to George, then tilting her glass in his direction. It had come after a long and fruitful heartfelt discussion between the married couple. Her eyes fixed on George, smiling, she asked, "You do recall how this all began, right? Life has a funny way of surprising us, doesn't it?"
With that, April stood up, turned her back to George, and said, "Unzip me."
Johnny nodded at George's raised brow, a genuine smile. "It's taught me not to take things for granted, to appreciate the people who bring something special into my life," he acknowledged George as he stood and shed his clothing.
George wasn't slow on the uptake and casually did the same. The scene now looked very much like the afternoon of the first Nude Day in which April and Johnny had participated. A naked wife with a golden choker and a smooth-as-a-baby's-butt, bare-assed husband having sex on the front porch swing. And now a naked mailman, George, sat with them on that same swing. His thoughts were of gratitude for having met April serendipitously on National Nude Day and dinner on April Fool's Day. He acknowledged that was certainly not a fool's joke.
April was sandwiched between Johnny and George, her arms around their shoulders. She couldn't help but feel a sense of gratitude for the unique bond they were building--a bond that didn't conform to traditional norms but was authentic and genuine. She couldn't help but feel the rising excitement of skin-on-skin touch sandwiched between them.
April leaned into Johnny's side, a playful grin on her face. "You know, this feels like a real-life sitcom plot. The homemaker torn between her husband and the charming mailman."
Johnny chuckled, his fingertips playfully stroking her thigh. "Well, we're certainly not lacking in drama."
George chimed in with a grin as his fingertips played with her other thigh. "And I thought mail delivery was the most interesting thing to happen in our neighborhood."
Their laughter echoed across the quiet yard, reflecting their ease in each other's company. Through shared experiences and heartfelt conversations, their relationships deepened, and they began to see the beauty in embracing the unconventional nature of their bond.
Johnny raised a question that had been on his mind, as his fingertips circled a lush strawberry nipple. "Have we figured it out, then? How to make this work?"
With her arms draped around two broad shoulders, April leaned against Johnny, her head resting on his shoulder. Breathy, her words eased out, "I think we're writing our own rules, Johnny. We're redefining what a relationship can be."
George nodded in agreement, his hand playfully tugging on the other turgid berry. "It's not about conforming to societal norms. It's about choosing happiness, connection, and authenticity."
April was in heaven, her thighs twitching as two sets of hands and lips worked to overload her senses. She added, "I'm redefining our relationship tonight, boys. I've figured out how to make it work. It's about time we merge ourselves into one singularity--no more separate sessions between us. Tonight, Johnny, we share our bed with our dear friend George."
"Yes, April. I can see it's time we expand our horizons," Johnny murmured, as he joined George in savoring choice strawberry nipples and shared in stoking her lust by exploring the depths of her seeping slit. Along with George's fingers, the duo rocked April's world, trembling like a bowl of jello without the mold until she shook with ecstasy at the apex of her climax under their skilled hands.
A sense of contentment settled over them as they gazed up at the stars. Their journey had been marked by uncertainty and challenges, but they had also discovered a sense of unity and companionship that was uniquely their own.
"Upstairs," April managed to breathe out her wishes as her body, flushed from an endorphin high, felt the last tremors of her first two-man-generated orgasm.
Supporting April, one on either arm, they guided the weak-kneed submissive inside for a long night of unbridled pleasures. It would be George's first sleepover as a guest, but not the last one.
"Honey, this is a new horizon event for us. I can't wait to see the rapture on your face as George takes his first plunge into a place no mailman has gone before," he chuckled, as pre-cum dripped copiously.
George took delight and grinned at Johnny's enthusiastic acceptance of a mailman making a special delivery. "Would that be a front or back door delivery special, Johnny?" he asked, matching Johnny's delight.
April chimed in as the wine spirits swirled through her mind, "Why not make it a double feature, and you each take a door — at the same time?" The many tales of George's adventures with Emmanuelle had triggered one of those errant fantasy thoughts from the recesses of her mind.
Johnny and George looked wide-eyed, reveling in thoughts of doing April together. That would be another first for her, but not the only first barrier that would fall that night.
And no one gave a thought to washing the sheets in the morning.
The trio had embraced the unexpected twists of fate and found a way to rewrite their story, which celebrated love in all its complexity and embraced the bonds that connected their hearts. And so, under the starlit sky, April, Johnny, and George found themselves bound not by convention but by a shared journey of growth, acceptance, and a deep affection that defied categorization.
________________
My thanks and gratitude to Kenjisato for his diligent editorial assistance.
Your vote and comments, please, are greatly appreciated.