Bindy was acutely aware that in exactly thirty minutes time at midday it would be one week. It was one week earlier that Bindy's friend had told her that she thought Bindy was addicted to sex. So it was that Bindy decided she would go for one week without sexual activity of any description.
As she walked along the footpath Bindy could feel the moisture between her thighs and her swollen pussy lips rubbing against her tight panties. She couldn't stop her eyes from flicking across the crotch of every man walking past. Letting her imagination loose Bindy visualized every man naked and with a raging erection. In her vivid imagination there was a continual stream of hard cocks parading past for her pleasure. Every imaginable shape and size were there, some straight and some curved, there was one with a glistening drop of precum and then came one that was spurting semen, a beautiful arching white thread that pooled on the pavement.
A passing woman stopped and waited patiently as her doggie lapped up the puddle of cum, Bindy felt the muscles of her stomach twitch and spasm as she had a mini orgasm. Shaking her head, she dragged her mind back to reality and walked briskly into the Supermarket, gathered up her shopping trolley and strolled into the fruit and vegetables section. Never had Bindy noticed how many vegetables were of a distinctly phallic shape, her vagina felt hot and empty, so empty, it ached to be filled and here were all these phallic vegetables calling to her; carrots, parsnips, corn cobs, cucumber, banana.
Bindy pressed on. She had cock on the brain. She should never have stopped here, no matter how convenient it was to her work. She should have gone home to her bed, her lavender scented sheets that were oh so soft on her warm flesh. She could be there now, sipping a glass of wine and counting the seconds until she could trigger her massager. The damn thing was as big as her forearm, and even its lowest power setting was almost more than she could stand. She took a deep breath and soldiered on.
Pleasure delayed would be pleasure doubled, she told herself. She concentrated on her shopping. She didn't come into this store very often, so she wasn't familiar with its layout. She had most of the dozen or so items she'd been looking for when she rounded a corner and there he was.
He was tall and lean. He was somewhere in his early twenties with dark hair long enough to be sexy but not scruffy. He obviously worked for the store because he was stocking a shelf. Bindy saw the muscles in his arms ripple as he moved a flat of heavy tins from one side of a pallet to another. He then flicked the tins from one hand to the other to be positioned just so on a shelf. He was absorbed in his work. No doubt, Bindy thought, he was in a hurry to finish so that he could go to his girlfriend who probably had lank hair and pouty little breasts, and who would no doubt squeal as he plunged his massive dick into her ravaged pussy.
Bindy moaned internally at her unjustified fantasy; she was hornier than ever. She'd screw this guy in a heartbeat if she could if she could get his attention. But would he find her desirable? Well, why not? She was no beauty queen, her face was too round, her mouth a bit too wide, she was short at five feet four, but she had good points. She had carefully coiffed ash blonde hair that fell in gentle curls. She was still in her makeup from work, and she was wearing a nice form-fitting dress. She was usually described as attractive. But she had one or rather two other assets. Thanks to her mother, who had been endowed with a massive bosom, Bindy had a great pair of tits. They filled her chest high wide and proudly. She couldn't move her arms forward without pushing them aside. She looked around and saw it, her opportunity was in the form of a lone jar of jam high and on the back of a shelf. She approached him.
"Excuse me," she said.
The young man seemed reluctant to stop his mechanical repetition of tin stocking, but then he turned to look at her. He smiled and said, "Can I help you?" as his eyes roamed up and down her form and then settled on her cleavage.
"There's something I can't reach. Can you get it for me?" Bindy said as she pointed in the direction of the jar.
"Oh, sure," the man said. He took the few steps to get in position and then stretched high.
Bindy moved in so close her breast pressed against his free arm. She looked up and softly whispered, "Is there somewhere in the store we can fuck?"
David teetered precariously on tip toes and his world seemed to go into slow motion. Had he heard right? Had this voluptuous lass just said, "Can we go somewhere and fuck"?
Little did David know it but another lass, Rosemarie, was also more than a little interested in him. Rosemarie from the accounts office had been interested in David for at least the past four months, hanging around him at every opportunity but he never seemed to even know she existed. You will find this as no surprise when I tell you a little about her. Rosemarie was just nineteen years old but was proud of her two recent achievements. All her life she had been enthusiastically involved with Jazz Dancing and had recently qualified as an instructor. Her second achievement was that she had just completed an intensive course in first aid and had been appointed the companies Accident Response Officer.
Rosemarie does have another interest too, sex! Beneath Rosemarie's bed is suitcase which holds a very impressive range of sex toys and devices. If it is possible for sex toys to be a fetish, then Rosemarie would qualify. She cannot resist buying and trying every type of toy and device to be found online. For her the internet could probably be considered a 'sex device' too. Many of her evenings are spent reading sex stories online and viewing numerous porn sites.
Despite her avid fascination with all things sexual Rosemarie's actual experience is rather limited. Two things conspire against her in this regard. Her shyness is one and the other is a lack of skill in 'presentation'. Rosemarie has a lithe and shapely body with pointy breasts and long nipples, when aroused. On addition her pussy is shaved to show it off to best effect, and it really is worth showing off, to which her full-length mirror can attest. Unfortunately, these assets are hardly apparent in the sloppy jumpers and loose fitting pants that she is apt to wear, along with nondescript glasses, self-cut hair and minimal or no makeup.
David's foot slipped and he lost balance completely and came crashing down. He grazed his shin on an edge on the way down, stumbled on the floor then fell into Bindy knocking her to the ground and falling heavily on top of her. Bindy was very happy to have David on top of her, but this was not quite what she had in mind. Staff and customers descended on the hullabaloo. "Quick, get Rosemarie" cried the store supervisor. When Rosemarie arrived, she quickly assessed that both parties needed to be checked over so she ushered both Bindy and David through to the Emergency Room tucked away in a quiet back corner of the building,
Bindy followed the other two through a pair of double hinged doors into the back. She noted how the first aid woman kept her hand on the guy's shoulder, and how she looked when she looked at him. Being driven to the ground by a hunky guy was kind of sexy, but now things were getting awkward.
Excuse me...uh...Rosemarie?" Bindy said, remembering the woman's name tag.
Rosemarie and the guy stopped. She turned and said, "Yes?"
Bindy said, "Look, I'm okay. I'm just going to grab my food and leave."
Rosemarie glanced around and said in a lowered voice, "You really should fill out an accident report. If you have a bruised kidney or something and you want to sue the store, it'll be better if you have something on file."
"Okay, fine then," Bindy said. She was no longer as hyped up for sex as she had been a few minutes before, but the quicker she got home and got something buzzing between her legs the better.
Rosemarie took the guy's arm and said, "David, you get to be my first customer in the nook they made for me. They took part of the accounting office to do it, but at least I can have all my supplies in one place."
"Uh huh," David said. He sounded shaken from his fall.
They stopped before a door and Rosemarie unlocked it with a key from her pocket. "This is my office," she said to Bindy. "If you'll wait in here, you can start on the accident report while I check David."
"Fine," Bindy said a bit more tartly than she intended. The office contained a couple of desks, computer terminals and filing cabinets. There were the usual personal knick-knacks atop the desks.
Rosemarie pulled a form from one of the filing cabinets. "Here you go," she said. "Name, address, phone number and then your account of what happened. I'll come get you as quickly as I can."
"Thank you," Bindy said. This time she managed a smile for Rosemarie before the woman left and closed the door. She took a seat at one of the desks and looked over the form.
"Take a seat here," she heard Rosemarie say clearly, almost as if she were still in the room.
Bindy looked to her left. Beyond a series of file cabinets was some naked framing. She stood and went to the rear of the cabinets. Instead of proper drywall, someone had hung cheap wall paneling on the far side of the framing as a partition between this office and Rosemarie's first aid nook. The paneling hadn't even been properly placed. There was nearly a quarter-inch gap between two of the sheets. She put her eye to the gap. She could see David seated on an exam table while Rosemarie flicked a light from one of his pupils to the other.
"I don't think you damaged your head," she said. "Do you hurt anywhere?"
"My shin hurts pretty bad," he said.
"Yeah, I see blood on your pants," she said. "Lower them and I'll take a look."
"Lower my pants?" David said as if that were totally unnecessary.
"Unless you want me to slice your pants leg open to the knee," she said.
"No," David grumbled. "I think you like playing doctor a little too much." Nevertheless, he undid his belt and zipper and rocked from side to side as he pulled at his pants. Soon, they dangled around his ankles. Blood oozed from a long scrape on his right shin.
Bindy didn't care about the blood, however. Her eye had gone to David's crotch. He was wearing some very brief, hip hugging briefs. The shiny red material looked almost feminine. Rosemarie put on a pair of surgical gloves and poured an orange liquid on a gauze pad. She put one hand high on David's thigh as if to steady his leg, and then she began to clean the blood from his lower leg.
"Ow, ow, ow," David cried out.
"Sorry about that," Rosemarie said. She worked quickly and in less than a minute his wound was covered by a fresh gauze pad held in place by a self-sticking elastic bandage. She removed the gloves and put both hands high on his thigh. Her face was inches from his. "Don't get that wet and see me tomorrow; I'll change the bandage."
"Oh...sure...okay," David said.
Rosemarie kissed him. David tried to pull away but there wasn't anywhere to go. Her hand went to his crotch, fingers reaching through the slit in his underwear. When her hand withdrew, she was holding a very limp noodle of a tiny cock. David wriggled his way out of the kiss and grabbed her wrist.
"Please, Rosemarie, I'm gay," he said in a strained whisper.
"Gay?" she said, also in a whisper. She snorted. "Well, just my luck, I've been hoping you'd notice me for months. Today, I thought I'd take the bull by the horns, as it were."
"It seems to be the day for it," David said. "That woman I knocked down propositioned me."
Bindy jerked away from the crack in the wall as David and Rosemarie continued to talk. Her face reddened as she carefully made her way back to the desk. She finished the report just as Rosemarie stuck her head in the door. "I'm ready for you now," she said.
Bindy sat still for the pupil reflex test and then said, "Look, I more or less simply I took a seat on the floor, no problem, I'm sure." Rosemarie nodded and shrugged. "I'm sorry things didn't work out between you and David," Bindy said in a rush.
Rosemarie looked startled as her eyebrows met her hairline. "I couldn't help but overhear," Bindy said. She gestured at the paneling. "That wall may as well be paper."
Rosemarie nodded, "Yeah, that's in the queue to be finished." She snorted softly and said, "David is still in the closet. He plays football with his mates from the store, doesn't want them to know. Personally, I don't think he gives them enough credit. I'm openly bi-sexual and no one at work cares." She sighed. "Besides, I don't need David; I've got a whole box of 'David' at home, if you catch my meaning."
Bindy felt the tingle and yearning in her pussy return in a rush. She smiled at Rosemarie and said, "Yes, I think I know exactly what you mean."
"But what's this about you propositioning David in the middle of a busy supermarket? He's pretty cute I know but he's not that irresistible, is he?" said Rosemarie in response.
Bindy really had no option. She told Rosemarie the whole story of her abstinence from sex and how now that her self-enforced exile was up, she was hornier than she had ever been in her entire life.
"Perhaps I am addicted to sex?" she mused.
"I certainly know I am," laughed Rosemarie. "But I'm comfortable with that."
"Look. I'm finishing work now. Why don't you come back to my flat and we can chat some more over a wine or two."
And so it was that Bindy's day took another twist and she came to be sitting beside Rosemarie on a deep soft sofa sipping a delicious oaked chardonnay. It wasn't very long and inevitably their conversation turned to the subject of sex and a shared interest in sex toys. Rosemarie admitted that she was addicted to sex toys. Addiction is perhaps not the right word. It would be more accurate to say that she was a collector but also an enthusiastic user.
"I would love to see your collection." Bindy admitted.
Rosemarie needed no second invitation and rushed off to get her goodies. She returned with a large flattish suitcase and a big grin. Placing the suitcase on the floor in front of them she opened it and removed the top pillow which was holding the contents in place. Inside on a satin pillow was an astounding array of sex devices, every imaginable type and size and color. Bindy let out a gasp and Rosemarie giggled.
"Goodness me. Do you use all of these?" Bindy exclaimed.
"Sort of." Was the reply. "I use every one when I first get it. There is a special thrill somehow for a first time. After that I have my favorites which I use regularly. I usually give those ones a name."
Rosemarie picked out a bright blue dildo which was about eight inches long and rather thick. It was shaped exactly like a penis, complete with a perfectly shaped head and raised veins running along its full length. With a lust filled look she said. "This one I call David"
Bindy could hardly believe the words that impulsively came out of her own mouth.
"Would you like to give me a 'David' demonstration?"
"Try and stop me!" Laughed Rosemarie.
"I always 'play' completely naked. Is that ok with you?"
Bindy could only nod and watch as Rosemarie undressed. It was not a strip tease exactly, she sort of removed her clothing in slow motion. When she was completely naked Bindy muttered hoarsely "You are so gorgeous. Why do you hide that awesome body behind such unflattering clothes?"
Rosemarie just laughed. "I think it has something to do with my mixed sexuality, but I just don't have the 'clothes gene' at all. In fact, the only time I'm completely comfortable with my appearance is when I'm naked,"
Rosemarie held 'David' out in front of her with one hand and with the other she ran her fingertips up and down the shaft and round and around the large shapely head.
Bindy licked her lips and felt her lust juices pooling in her pussy and her breasts felt full and tight, her nipples hard as stones. Rosemarie saw the pink flush at Bindy's throat and her eyes sparkled with desire.
Rosemarie moved back to the couch. She sat with her back against an arm facing Bindy. She dangled one leg over the edge of the cushion and pressed the bent knee of her other leg against the couch back. Her pussy was open to Bindy's gaze. She locked her eyes on the other woman's full breasts as she lifted the dildo to her lips. Her dainty, pink tongue licked up down, leaving the dildo glistening. She pushed it between her puffy vaginal lips. She loved that first thrust, whether it was a man's hot cock or the cool touch of one of her toys. She moved her free hand downward and began to move the skin of the hood of her clit in circles. This was it. This was how she loved to masturbate. Having Bindy there made it ten times as good. Rosemarie was a dancer and she had always loved to have an audience to stare at her, to feed off their energy. And Bindy was a great audience. The woman was radiating sexuality with her frank gaze. Rosemarie arched her back and came.
Bindy's pussy was practically at the melting point. Rosemarie's body was amazing. She had flawless, creamy skin. She was the definition of lithe. Bindy practically dove into Rosemarie's bag of tricks. She came out with something she'd always thought of buying, but never had. It had the colorful playfulness of a child's toy next to the large and blue anatomically correct plunging in and out of Rosemarie's pussy. The device had a ribbed handle. Beyond that was a flexible plastic tube full of multi-colored beads. The tube ended in a sleek bullet shape. Arching over the tube was a tapering arm that ended in two forked tines, usually called rabbit ears.
She pushed what was obviously the power button which glowed red. She touched another button and the beads under the plastic began to rotate, but not evenly. Traveling bulges in the sleeve made it pulse. Another button made the sleeve extend and contract. The last button made the arm, and indeed the whole device vibrate. She experimented with the buttons. Each part had a cycled of speeds and patterns of movement. She pushed buttons until the thing was practically jumping out of her grasp. She kicked off her heels. Lifting her ass off the couch cushion, she pulled the hem of her dress up to her waist.
Almost frantic with desire now, she swept aside the band of her panty and eased the sex toy between her vaginal lips. The pleasure was exquisite. No mere penis could match those sensations and the best was yet to come. She drew the thing in millimeter by millimeter until the rabbit ears touched skin. They were out of place; she adjusted until the ears surrounded her clit and... HOLY SHIT. Having her clit bounced around at what must have been a hundred times a second was damn near unbearable. She looked at Rosemarie. The woman was heaving about in her second or maybe it was her tenth orgasm. All the sexual pleasure Bindy had denied herself seemed to rush in all at once. Her body convulsed around the plunging, pulsing, vibrating toy.
For the first time Bindy fully understood the meaning of that phrase 'a mind blowing orgasm'. Every cell of her body, every cell of her mind was totally swamped with an enormous pleasure leaving her no more than semi-conscious. Very slowly she drifted back into a reality. A reality where she was vaguely aware that someone was removing her clothing. Automatically it seemed, her body moved to assist, as first her skirt and then her top were removed. Bindy had not worn a bra so was now as naked as Rosemarie when at last her eyes flickered back open.
"Hello gorgeous" grinned Rosemarie "Welcome back".
Rosemarie was kneeling over her, and it seemed to Bindy to be the most natural thing in the world to lean forward and bring her lips to meet Rosemarie's smile. She let her eyes close again and allowed herself to drown in the delicious sensation of lips on lips, soft, warm, moist and delightful. Rosemarie opened her mouth and Bindy slid her tongue inside. Passion slowly grew again in both women as their tongues entwined in the dance of love. As they drank each other's saliva they moaned softly in unison.
It seemed like forever before Rosemarie pulled away until she was upright on her knees. Gazing into Bindy's eyes she gently took her hands and slowly drew her up to join her. Bindy savored every sensation as slowly the two women's bodies met. First their knees touched, then their thighs, interesting, firm, and soft at the same time, then their bellies pressed together and wow! this was really different, no hard cock prodding then laying insistently against her, instead a soft round tummy perfectly matching her own, as their breasts were about to meet Bindy hesitated. Rosemarie knew what was going on in her head and waited, hoping this wouldn't end in disappointment.
Bindy knew if she continued, she would be going somewhere she had never been before. Up to now they had shared and watched each other masturbate but if she continued, she would make love with another woman! Rosemarie waited, then at last with a whisper Bindy said, 'what the hell' and lost herself in Rosemarie's welcoming arms. How different from the feel of a man's hard washboard chest, it felt wonderful as their soft breasts mashed together. Slowly the two women rubbed against each other, and Bindy could feel that her nipples were rock hard and at the same time she could feel Rosemarie's protruding nipples pushing into her. She could feel her pussy twitching and her lustful juices running down the insides of her legs. Bindy was again overwhelmed with an aching need, she had to have this woman!
Suddenly Rosemarie pulled away from their heated embrace, her face was filled with shock as she cried "Holy crap! I had forgotten about you!"
Bindy turned following Rosemarie's worried stare and saw a young man standing in the doorway.
For a moment Rosemarie searched for some innocent explanation of the situation then as quickly abandoned that line of thought.
In a hoarse voice she muttered "This is my sisters' stepson. He is sometimes dropped off here after school and stays the night."
"How long have you been there?" "A while" was the reply.
"Bobby" she continued "Promise me you won't say anything to Patsy about this."
With the cunning smile typical of a guy his age he said "I'll promise, but there's one condition."
Rosemarie was expecting something involving an exchange of money or similar. "What's your condition then?"
Bobby paused for a bit then said
"You have to let me stay and watch as you two continue with what you were doing."
Rosemarie gasped.
Bindy noticed a not altogether unimpressive tent in the front of the guys shorts.
She unconsciously reached for her dress and covered her nakedness. "I should go," she whispered to Rosemarie.
Rosemarie's head snapped around. She threw up her hands and said, "No, no, don't leave." Her head snapped back to Bobby. "Bobby, why don't you eat your snack, Bindy and I will talk." Bobby shrugged and sauntered away; the bulge in his pants leading the way. A second later came the sound of a refrigerator door opening. "Let's go in my bedroom," Rosemarie said as she threw dildos back into their bag.
Bindy gathered up her shoes and panties. Her better judgment told her to leave, but she found it intriguing that the coolly confidant Rosemarie was flustered by this kid. She followed Rosemarie into a spacious bedroom. It was gorgeous. There was a king-sized bed which matched a vanity, which matched a wardrobe, which matched a chest of drawers. Everything was teak and mahogany. The walls, which were adorned by several tasteful prints, were a light blue that melded into a navy ceiling. Her feet practically disappeared into the thick pile of a rug that matched the hue of the ceiling. She watched as Rosemarie put away the bag and then paced the length of the room several times.
"You know," said Bindy. "It's not that big a deal. I'll go, this feels like some sort of family dynamic I shouldn't be a part of."
Rosemarie held up her hand and said, "Please stay."
"Okay then, tell the kid to clear off and go tell whoever. He's hardly the first guy to catch his elders in the act. I'm sure his stepmom will understand," Bindy said. As much as she liked to watch Rosemarie's alluring nude form move about, this was becoming exasperating.
"It's too complicated for that," Rosemarie said.
Bindy sighed and began to gather up her dress as if she was going to put it on.
"Wait," Rosemarie said, "here's the deal. My sister, Patsy, is my opposite. She's two years older, she's beautiful, always well dressed and well groomed. She knew how to flirt with men and tease them from day one. And she could make good on all that teasing, her sexual appetite makes mine look pale in comparison. It was no surprise when she married a telecom billionaire named John Franks. John was a divorcee and Bobby is his son. Bobby, however, was supposed to be out of the picture. His mother had complete custody and they lived in Europe. That suited Patsy, she didn't want to be bothered with a child. She took it as a personal affront when the mom up and died and Bobby moved in. Patsy hired a nanny, an elderly one. She didn't want some cute, young thing running around the mansion. According to Patsy, John is hung like a horse and doesn't mind throwing his seed around. In return, he doesn't say a word about Patsy's extravagant spending."
"Sounds like a match made in heaven," Bindy said. "And by the way, you're beautiful. You could, you know, do something with your hair."
Rosemarie gave her a reproachful look. "I doubt you could name a movie star with a bigger team of trainers and beauty experts. Her breasts cost more than my car...each of them."
Bindy laughed and said, "Okay, she's hot, I get it. On with your story, you've piqued my interest."
Rosemarie gathered her thoughts for a second and said, "Fran McPhee, that's the nannie, is excellent, but elderly like I said. She needs her time off. You would think that Patsy could take up the slack in watching the boy, and she does, but only as little as possible. She hired me to help out."
"Nice of you," Bindy said.
"Nice has nothing to do with it," Rosemarie said with a snort. "She pays me a fortune. To start with, she pays the rent on this apartment because it's convenient to Bobby's school and their house." She swept her arm around to point out the apartment as if Bindy could see it from where she was perched on the bed. "Do you think I could afford this place on what I make at the store?"
"I was too preoccupied to notice your décor when we arrived," Bindy said with a smile.
Rosemarie smiled back. "Plus," she said, "she pays me an hourly rate and she's going to invest in my dance academy once I get that together."
"A dance academy?" Bindy said. "I bet you'd make a wonderful instructor. But still, I don't know what...
There was a knock on the bedroom door. Bindy saw that Rosemarie seemed to be frozen in place. "Why don't I get that?" she said.
I'm totally nude, she thought as she approached the door. Maybe I can play the aggressive female and scare this kid off to go huddle on the couch and watch TV. What's Rosemarie so afraid of? Losing her money? Probably. But why? Was the oversexed Patsy banging her stepson and therefore would be jealous of anything sexual Rosemarie was doing? Was Rosemarie banging John, the kid's father, and afraid he'd be jealous if she had another lover? Was Rosemarie banging her sister? More jealously?
Bindy took a deep, cleansing breath to clear her mind of the lascivious thoughts that were making her pussy pulse once more. She reached for the doorknob.
Bindy's intention is to deal firmly with the young man, call his bluff and send him back to his room with his tail between his legs. She opens the door and her mouth at the same time but before any words can come out Bobby pre-empts the situation by coolly running his gaze up and down her naked body and saying.
"Oh yes. You are very lovely too. I can see why Aunty Rosemarie is found of you as well."
To her consternation, and with weakening of her resolve, Bindy is suddenly much more strongly aware that her nipples have become rather prominent under the admiring observance of this remarkably self-assured young man. Not only are her nipples advertising her aroused state they are also sending electrified trails of sensation straight to her pussy which is now feeling very swollen and wet as it pulses away, demanding her attention. Bindy is reluctant to admit to herself that she is flattered by this boy's admiration and is responding to it in the way that randy women like her tend to do. In these fleeting milliseconds of observation Bindy also notices that the snack Bobby has enjoyed has done nothing to reduce the erection that earlier on had been apparent from the bulge in his shorts. Not only does she notice but this time she finds herself more than somewhat curious to better acquaint herself with the cause.
Despite all this, but with somewhat less authority than originally intended, Bindy says.
"Really Bobby. Your Mother is not going to be as shocked as you think to hear that her sister enjoys sex with women as well as with men."
To her bewilderment Bobby totally ignores her statement and slips past her into the bedroom. He laughs and says half to her and half to Rosemarie.
"Oh, that's not what Aunty wants to keep a secret." Then addressing Rosemarie he adds.
"I have a feeling that Bindy here will enjoy our special game every bit as much as you know who. Shall I explain it to her, or do you want to?"
Bindy turns to Rosemarie and notices that her face is flushed' and she is quite clearly in every bit as much of a sexually aroused state as Bindy herself!
In a soft and slightly hoarse voice Rosemarie begins her explanation.
"When Patsy chose an elderly nanny for Bobby her concern was that a younger nanny might become a temptation to her rather highly sexed husband. It had never occurred to her, but what actually transpired, through a rather bizarre set of circumstances that are far too complicated to explain, was that a pattern of sexual behavior became established between her nanny, her sister and her stepson and if John were to hear about this then all hell would break loose."
Rosemarie paused and Bobby took over from her.
"We have this special fun game that Aunty, Nanny Fran and I like to play. First, we start with this undressing game which goes on until we are all totally naked. Then Aunt Rosemarie and Nanny Fran start saying things like. 'Oh, look how big and hard Bobby's cock has become,' or 'do you think maybe Bobby enjoys looking at naked women?'. Then Fran might say something like, 'Bend over Aunty and let Bobby see how lovely and wet your sexy open pussy is'."
Rosemarie coughed, slightly embarrassed and interrupted Bobby.
"I think Bindy has got the general picture." Then to Bindy she says.
"So, you see, Bobby is suggesting that we do the same thing that he is so used to doing with Fran and I. He plays with his rather beautiful cock while he watches us perform in front of him. I must confess that Fran and I always find that there is lot of extra pleasure for us to be watched as we show him everything we can think of and carry each other from orgasm to orgasm. And he is such an appreciative audience I must say!"
Bindy did not know whether to run or swoon.
I think though, that the hunger that has now built in her flooding pussy as she listens to all this, will make the decision for her.
Bindy turned and crossed to Rosemarie who was standing by the bed. This was a bizarre situation, but she was suddenly determined to help Rosemarie by pleasing her nephew if Rosemarie was willing to please her.
"Thank you," Rosemarie whispered as Bindy took her in her arms and kissed her by barely brushing her lips.
Bindy's next kiss lingered. She kissed Rosemarie's upper lip, and then her lower lip as she ran her tongue across the puffy skin, craning her head, she pushed her tongue into the other woman's mouth. Their tongues twisted in a sensuous dance. Bindy could tell that the tension in her body created by Bobby was being replaced by a renewed sexual passion. She lifted her heavy breast and moved its softness across Rosemarie's until she touched hardened nipple to hardened nipple. It was like sparking a connection between their pussies. Rosemarie moaned into her mouth as she stroked Bindy's ass.
Bindy moved them onto the bed. There was a fashionable surfeit of pillows against the headboard. She arranged three of them and then lounged back. She spread her legs and pulled Rosemarie to her side. The woman snuggled in as if they had done this a hundred times. She captured Bindy's nipple between her lips and ran her tongue across its rough surface. His hand went to Bindy's pussy. She dipped a finger inside. It became instantly dripping wet with vaginal juices. When she pulled it out and over Bindy's clit, the woman shivered with pleasure.
"That's it. Play with my pussy. Make me come, baby. Make me cum," Bindy said. She relaxed and let the sensations wash over her body. It was a simple finger fuck, but they always felt so much better when someone else, at least someone else who knew what they were doing, did it for you. The waves of sexual tension built and then washed over her in a nice, smooth orgasm.
Bindy looked down at her partner over the curve of her now glistening breast. Rosemarie had been fingering herself as well as Bindy. Bindy didn't know if she'd had come or not, and she really didn't care. "Down here," she said as she pushed on Rosemarie's shoulder until the woman understood. She lay between Bindy's legs and lowered her mouth to Bindy's wet cunt.
"Yes," Bindy hissed as Rosemarie's lips burrowed between her vaginal lips and sought out the engorged nubbin of her clit. At the same time, Rosemarie sent two fingers into her pussy. Those curled fingers instantly found the swell of her g-spot. Rosemarie's lips and tongue moved around, flicked over, and sucked on Bindy's clit in an endless combination. She barely had time to realize what the young woman was up to before she was doing something else.
"Oh fuck, so good baby...oh fuck, OHHH FUCK FUCK FUCK," Bindy practically screeched. She grabbed the bedclothes with a white knuckled grip and held on for her first orgasm. But she wasn't about to stop there. She twined her fingers in Rosemarie's hair and pulled her face against her pussy that was in continuous spasms. She crossed her legs over the girls back and rode her until she couldn't take anymore.
Bindy felt lips on hers and realized that she must have blanked for a minute. Rosemarie's pussy-smeared face was above her. She had scissored Bindy's left leg and was now rubbing her clit on Bindy's thigh. As a result, Rosemarie's thigh pressed rhythmically against Bindy's pussy. Rosemarie was humping her leg like a randy poodle. Bindy couldn't blame the girl; she'd left Rosemarie sexually frustrated since they'd climbed onto the bed. Bindy lifted her free leg and shifted her weight so she could get in on the humping. Rosemarie was doing most of the work. Her face, neck and chest down to the tops of her breasts were suffused with the flush of arousal. She was panting and moaning, and a sheen of sweat was beginning to show.
"That's it, babe, you get it girl," Bindy groaned at her partner. The pressure and release could be maddening. All the more so today because her clit was becoming desensitized by all the orgasms. Rosemarie gasped and strained and rolled her hips through at least three comes before Bindy popped off. The two woman toppled sideways on the sweaty mattress. Rosemarie's eyes were still bright and eager.
Bindy laughed, the woman was insatiable "Be right back," Bindy said and rolled off the bed. She went to Rosemarie's suitcase of toys. She remembered seeing something in a red velvet bag that had a peculiar shape. She opened the suitcase, found the bag, and plucked from it a peculiarly shaped dildo. The toy looked as if it had a carry handle set at an angle and shaped like a stem with a bulb at the end. She held it up and showed it to Rosemarie as she went back to the bed.
"Ah," she said in amusement. "There's a harness for it somewhere."
"Don't need one," Bindy said.
"Aren't you the athletic little cunt, then," Rosemarie said.
"Too right," Bindy said. At that point she was on her knees next to her partner.
"It vibrates too, if the battery is charged," Rosemarie said. She pushed at the base of the penis and the thing began to buzz.
"Even better," Bindy said with a laugh. She spread her vaginal lips with the fingers of one hand while pressing the bulb end of the dildo into her pussy. When her hands moved away it looked as if she'd grown a cock. Rosemarie giggled at her.
Bindy playfully slapped the girl's leg and said, "On your knees, bitch." Rosemarie giggled again and moved so that her dancer's tight ass swayed invitingly, her head resting on a pillow.
Bindy positioned herself behind Rosemarie. It took a couple of tries, but once she got the right angle the dildo easily slid into her partner's sloppy wet pussy. For most women, it was uncomfortable to use this toy without a harness, but not for Bindy. She loved the way the bulb end in her pussy pressed rhythmically against her g-spot with each thrust. And this one had a vibrator.
"Oh shit, this is great," Bindy gasped as she pounded Rosemarie. Now it was her turn to work up a sweat. Two minutes later she grunted and bent over Rosemarie's back as she shivered through the waves of three consecutive orgasms. Finally, she and Rosemarie fell over on the bed, exhausted.
Although he had only been watching the two women Bobby shared their feelings of exhaustion as they collapsed onto the bed in a swoon of sexual haze. The wild passion on display as the women delighted each other excited Bobby as much as he had ever known. After some time, his eyes opened, and he took in the scene before him. Two naked women were lying on the bed with their limbs entangled. As he examined them his cock slowly returned to a full erection and very slowly, he ran the tips of his fingers along its length. Bindy's eyes flickered open, and she watched him for a moment or two and then nudged Rosemarie. Gradually the pair untangled themselves and sat up. Bobby smiled and continued to play with his now throbbing cock. Both women were impressed at both the size and lovely shape of this young man's cock. Eventually Rosemarie said to Bindy "I think perhaps we should help the poor boy with that don't you?"
Bindy giggled as she replied, "It would be rude not too."
"Come and join us, Bobby." said Rosemarie.
Bobby lay on the bed with a naked woman on each side. Bindy was the first to touch him and as she wrapped her hand around his erection, she was surprised to feel a fresh tingle between her legs. Not to be left out Rosemarie cupped his balls in her hand and lovingly fondled them. Before long Bindy bent forward and took him in her mouth. Rosemarie soon joined her and the two took turns to lick and suck him. Finally with a groan Rosemarie said, "I have to have his love juice" and she wrapped both hands around him and rubbed furiously. Bobby opened his eyes and watched. After a moment he said "The feel of pussy juices always helps me cum"
Bindy got the message. She reached between her legs and dipped her fingers into her dripping cunt coating them with her cream then smeared her juices onto Bobby's cock. He moaned and whimpered, and Rosemarie knew what to do. She also dipped her fingers into her pussy gathering copious juices and coated Bobby with them. Bobby began to tremble and grunt and then with a wild cry his cock jerked and gushed cum. Spurt after spurt blasted onto his tummy and chest as the two women laughed in delight and hungrily licked up every last drop kissing each other as they did.
Bindy woke up in the throes of a mind shattering orgasm. Wow! That was some dream. Quickly the details fled from her mind. There was cock, there was another woman and a wet swollen pussy, something to do with being addicted to sex???, and then it was all gone. The only thing remaining was a glorious wet afterglow coursing through her.
THE END