In case you have not read our first two stories, a brief summary: my wife is genuinely shy and innocent in her heart, but I recognize her quiet, but deep lust for her sexuality to run rampant. We don't discuss this overtly, as I know she is more comfortable embracing her so-called innocence. So it's my job to push her limits into areas where her sensations run wild, as she so desperately wants, deep inside her brain.
Our relationship is BDSM, although we don't fit clearly into any one label or fetish. With my wife, we are constantly finding new fetishes and turn-ons to experiment with. If you are not experienced with BDSM, you may think I am taking advantage of my girl or doing something ...wrong. But I know her deep desires, and actually my role is to help her experience living her fantasies and protecting her along the way. But, I expect not everyone will understand. So that's ok :)
Alexa sat on our couch, already naked, blindfolded with a silk scarf, her hands free. "Alexa, I want you to caress your body and relax, and then masturbate while I watch every inch of you orgasm." My wife is very shy and masturbating like this is not something that is easy for her, but is something I "force" her to do, as the resulting humiliation she experiences adds to powerful orgasms for her. It's only been recently that she recognizes the close tie she has mentally between embarrassment, shame, humiliation with adrenaline and orgasm. So in spite of her extreme embarrassment I have subjected her to, she knows where it ends up...in an earth shattering climax and days of feeling the arousal under her skin.
"Please Sir...You know how embarrassed that makes me".
"Oh yes, that is precisely why you will do exactly what I've told you." And she did...touching, caressing, blushing, hiding her face, fingering her holes, using her toys on herself, and finally exploding and quaking her way through a breathtaking orgasm. And this evening gave me a very good idea for our next adventure that we will never forget:
We've been to Jason's house often, enjoying his resort-like backyard with pool, spa, volleyball court, massage table, fire pit, and more! I've written about one experience there, and now we are approaching another. Friday night after softball, the guys on our team were meeting there to unwind and and just have fun after the game. When we arrived, Alexa got a wonderful reception, as all the guys think she's about the prettiest and sexiest little lady they know. I know every story says the same thing, but this girl is jaw dropping stunning. Make-up consists of nothing or a drop of eye liner, straight brunette hair falling below her sight shoulders and standing a whopping 5'3-1/2". I mention the 1/2 inch cause that's important to her. :) Body type is petite, with smallish to medium breasts, which look larger than they are on her delicate frame. She has a girl next door kind of look, with perfectly natural features. She tastes like honeydew and her bouquet is floral. I'm very lucky and I know it. On top of all this, she is innocent, sweet, sexy, loyal, warm, and giving. Ok, so I'm very prejudiced, but anyone who knows her will probably agree with most of my description. If anything, I've understated her beauty.
There were about 10 members of our team there plus 4 or 5 wives, girl friends, and female friends. It was hot and sticky, so the pool was the focus of fun and comfort for everyone. With plenty of alcohol, frozen lemonade and vodka drinks, and barbeque, it was really a fun night. And the females were very hot, but none as alluring as my wife, who if anything, tried to not call attention to herself and her little bikini. It wasn't cut particularly small, but her little figure is perfect for tight clothes, and this suit was no exception.
Lots of flirting and drinking, but no one overly drunk or out of control. The dancing and slow dancing was one of my favorite things to watch, as Alexa was captivating on the dance floor, not to mention in her bikini. Hands were brushing all over her, but nothing naughty, although it came close enough that she finally put a long t-shirt on to deal with her embarrassment being watched.
By midnight, most people went home, and only four guys plus me and Jason were left. And Alexa was now the only female. I took her upstairs to a spare bedroom, undressed her, and blindfolded her. She protested that someone might come up, and as a punishment I left the bedroom door wide open and told her so. I asked if she had any further complaints, and she shook her head no. She sat on the side of the bed, facing the open door, blindfolded, and I told her to masturbate for me, as she was obviously so hot from all the attention she had gotten outside. Again she complained and I said she may want to do it fast and get it over with so it will be less likely anyone will come up and see her. She was blushing furiously from shame but obeyed and began stroking herself slowly but intently. Meanwhile, I put my ipod on and the ear buds in her ears, and cranked up the sound so she could not see nor hear. I warned her not to remove the buds or the blindfold or else. She was very aroused but very scared of being caught...but her fingers continued between her legs.
And then I called Jason on my phone and whispered to come up quietly to the spare bedroom. He and the guys came and almost passed out seeing the girl of their dreams playing with her pussy on the bed. I motioned for them to sit and be quiet, and they quickly understood. Alexa spoke loudly to me, as the music in her ears must have made her think I could nor hear her. She told me how humiliated she would be if someone came upstairs and begged me to close the door. I said I would consider it if she finished herself with the dildo I stuck on the low table on the floor. She agreed and I led her to the table. Everyone was sitting around it and Alexa lowered herself on the corner of the table where I had stuck the dildo's suction cup base. She was oblivious to the 5 men no more than 4 feet in front of her. Their mouths were hanging open at the sight. It was incredibly erotic.
She was close to orgasm when I removed the ear buds. Then she heard noises but was afraid to remove the blindfold for fear of what she might see. So I told her 5 men were watching her ride the dildo and she didn't believe me. So two of them spoke and she had a look of shock on her face and stopped riding up and down. She was in the down position with the dildo stuffed inside her pussy, when I told her she could not remove the blindfold. She cocked her head like a puppy to try and hear better, wondering if anyone was really in the room. And then Jason walked around behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist, then slipped on hand down over her clitoris and rubbed gently. She knew it wasn't me and froze in position. I told her it was ok, and to do as she was told, and to continue riding her dildo. She did it and Jason soon had her orgasming until she almost collapsed and he held her up while she regained her balance. Still on the dildo, I told her to continue, and another guy took Jason's place and clamped his hands over her breasts and held her that way for a long time.
She begged to stop riding the dildo and I said ok. Tom pulled her backwards to the floor and he leaned against the side of the bed, with Alexa sitting in front of him, his arms still wrapped around her, her breasts being groped continuously.
She moaned and her stomach contracted involuntarily each time she touched her clitoris. I told the guys to come help and they sat around her and slid their fingers up into her holes. Both holes, in and out. Soon she was orgasming again, helpless not to. I know she was wondering who was in the room, but she felt some comfort no knowing for sure and kept the blindfold on as she was told.
Next a cock pushed its way past her lips and she began sucking like a good girl. It was not long before he gushed into her mouth and down her throat. She swallowed over and over but could not handle all of it, and the rest poured out of her mouth onto her chin and breasts. She was pushed down flat on her back and her legs pushed open as the next man easily pressed his cock inside her pussy and she moaned and groaned over and over. Her legs wrapped up around his waist and she pulled him in deeper with her arms. In minutes he came inside her and she along with him. He moved for the next one who rolled her onto her belly and pushed himself into her rear. He had lubed up and now pinned her to the ground, with her unable to move with the pressure inside her pushing her down so hard. She was gasping, trying not to cry out, as I'm sure it hurt her somewhat, but from the look of things, she wanted it just like that. He came in her and pulled out with a pop. Each hole was filled and two more orgasms covered her face with their cum. She was told not to clean up.
Then left us alone, and I helped her up and removed the blindfold. She looked at me, thanking me, and telling me how much she loved me. I told her the same and said we had a lot more to experience if she was ok with it. A huge grin crept across her face and I said, "so I do have a couple more ideas I'm working on..."
I walked her out and to the car naked, and washed her and bathed her at home. The rest I'm sure you can figure out, but it was very late when we finished um...talking about what she experienced.