When Ellen saw the call was from her son, her heart sank. She just knew it was a request to go visit one of his college buddies instead of coming home. She tried to hide her disappointment,
"Hello Matt, how come you're calling instead of walking in my front door?"
His answer turned her dread into anticipation and even more. Matt didn't want to go somewhere else; he wanted to bring some of his friends here. The rest of their conversation was a blur as her nipples hardened and her pussy gushed at the thought of having her house filled with young agile men.
You see Ellen was an exhibitionist yet not only would she not admit this she had no idea of it. When her son was younger and living at home, she kept her exposures confined to her boudoir, as her husband was her only audience. Although she had worked to keep her body as youthful as possible, her husband had lost interest and now hardly glanced at her naked charms.
Then one day as she happened to walk through her house in her bra and panties she noticed a picture hanging crooked on the wall. She leaned to straighten it, and reflected on the glass was the gardener peering through the dining room window at her. She could easily see his lustful gaze and then she noticed his hand holding his crotch as he watched. She knew she should be shocked and angered but instead she felt the wetness oozing from her folds and soaking her panties. She then put on an unrehearsed pantomime for her gardener allowing her to show, as much of her charms as she could without arousing the suspicion of her audience that she knew he was watching. After finally running out of reasons, for displaying her body, 'unknowingly' she went back to her bedroom and masturbated to a thunderous orgasm.
After that day, her weekly illicit liaisons with the gardener were becoming more daring. Just last week she had walked from room to room completely naked even stopping in front of a window to 'adjust a curtain'. This had all become so arousing to her that she now remained naked as much as possible while in the house.
All this now paled with the thought of exposing herself accidentally to a houseful of young college boys. Just the thought got her juices flowing and she absent-mindedly wiped a drip from her fold and put her finger to her mouth. How naughty she felt, tasting her very own juices as she licked her finger clean and then replaced it again between her legs. Within seconds, she had an orgasm but she didn't stop until she had another.
Then by using all her will, she stopped, showered, and got dressed to shop. She knew what she wanted and went directly to her favorite store where she looked for the most revealing bathing suit a person of her age would dare wear. She looked for the salesclerk closest to her own age and then confided in her that she wished to look sexy to some young men while not appearing to look desperate. The lady smiled and said she just the right suits for her. She tried on four suits with the sales lady staying in the cubicle to help her. Ellen found it thrilling to be naked in front of the lady who of course, remained fully clothed. She kept touching Ellen as she helped her in and out of the bathing suits. One time either by accident or on purpose, she brushed her palm against Ellen's fully aroused nipple, and when Ellen sighed, the woman smiled. There was no doubt after trying on the last suit that it was exactly the one she wanted. It was made from a new figure enhancing material that flattened out bulges while still showing off her firm derrière. As another advantage, it lifted her breasts showing all the cleavage possible while still hiding her nipples.
On the way home, she thought of the sales lady and wished she had the nerve to just reach over and kiss her, as she stood naked before her. These thoughts so new to her thrilled her beyond belief and she couldn't help it as she pulled up her dress and put her fingers between her legs. She sat at a stop light and put her head back in orgasmic delight, but was brought back to reality by the honking of a horn. She looked in her mirror but no one was there and then to the right she saw a truck with the driver leering at her. She stepped on the gas and as she felt her face redden, she raced through the intersection and away from the trucker.
The next day her son and his friends were due and she already had her plan in place. She got up early, showered, and after masturbating yet another time she shampooed and bathed. She then shaved off all her body hair except for a thin strip of pubic hair left for what she had heard called, a landing strip. She put on her new suit and even she was pleased by how well it made her body appear. She pulled the top down as low as she dared even allowing a little of her aureoles to peek out over the top. She went out by the pool and lay on her back, wet from the pool, relaxed and ready. When she heard that familiar call, "Mom I home," she feigned sleep and let the boys find her.
When they came out back she stood and said she must have dozed off. Matt introduced the boys who stared open mouthed at her. These might be men but they were still too immature to be able to gaze on a lady's charms discreetly. Even Matt could not keep his eyes off his mother's figure. She grabbed her cover-up but didn't put it on,
"You boys must be starving let me fix you something to eat, come on in to the kitchen."
As they sat around the table she worked around her kitchen so busy, she seemed to have forgotten to cover up her revealing suit. Stretched so tight around her body she felt almost naked in front of the boys and she could feel the excitement surging through her body. She asked the boy on the end, named Tim or Tom or something like that, to get the plates from the cabinet by his head. When he stood his erection was so obvious and his face so red it was almost comical. When they sat down to eat Ellen put her cover up on but neglected to button it so her breasts were on display as they ate.
After lunch, she invited them all to go swimming and promised to leave them alone so they could enjoy themselves. It was funny the way they all insisted that she join them and they would welcome her company. She swam for a while then she relaxed on a chaise with her legs spread as wide as she dared. With her head tilted back, to catch the sun she also was allowing the boys to look between her legs as long as the desired. Later saying she didn't want to get too much sun, she went in to take a nap. She left her door ajar just enough so that if you looked through you could see her naked on her bed from her dressing mirror. As the boys went down the hall to use the bathroom each was rewarded with a view of her naked and asleep on top of her bed. She never did get her nap but she did get a chuckle out of all the times she heard the bathroom door open and close.
That night she made love to her husband while she imagined the boys standing around her bed watching and it made her cum even before her husband did. Later in her dreams, she was making love as the boys watched, with the saleslady from the day before.
She slept late the next morning and when she awoke her husband was already gone. She heard the boys already in the pool and as she leisurely rubbed herself between her legs she let her mind drift back to the events of the past few days. She wondered if she was somehow scarring her son and yet he was a grown man far past childhood scaring. As she came, she realized how much it excited her to be able to turn on her son as well as his friends.
Later that day as the boys got ready to leave, she invited them to come back anytime, and that she had delighted in entertaining them. She left the double entendre hanging as if she had no idea of what she implied. They all promised to come back and Ellen had no doubt that they would. After they all left including her son, she decided she needed to go shopping again. Ellen couldn't help but think as she drove back to her favorite store, 'what an exciting life hers had turned into.'