The date had finally arrived... The date we where both dreading, and both getting really exited about. We were of to Club Utopia!,
We set off at 7.30pm to arrive for bout 8.30, we had spent quite a while making sure we looked totally sexy for each other, and whoever else might want to notice...
I was wearing my black trousers, with the G-string underneath and the white see-through shirt. I had a pair of tight boxers with me in case we felt overdressed while wandering around. I was glad to be wearing the G-string, my cock was pressing insistently against them, begging to be let out... but I resisted. I resisted the almost overwhelming urge to take it all off and get into you as soon as I could.
You were wearing a tight black latex mini-skirt, that hugged your body and sparkled as it reflected light of its freshly oiled surface. Underneath the skirt were my favourite sheer nylon stocking, with the fashioned heel and seam up the back. The stockings were attached to a new purchase, an 8-strap suspender belt with metal clasps, ala Dita von Teese. It cost over £50 but was worth every penny as it was comfortable enough to wear and made you feel even sexier. Up top you wore a small sheer top that your breasts where clearly visible through, showing off your nipple rings as they stood proudly from your erect nipples. The look was complete with a choker that led to your sultry red lips.
We arrived at the club at 9.15, thanks to your getting ready schedule, and rather than catching things warming up, there were at least 60-70 people, dancing, drinking, getting off and leading each other away. Some didn't even bother to lead away, one girl was sucking her boyfriends (we assume) cock in the bar area. There where no single men around, as it was a couples only night, which was nice.
after a brief tour of the pool, sauna, dungeon and bar area, we went back to the pool and decided to find a dark corner and have a little fun. I walked you to a sunbed and after removing most of your clothes, (all but the stockings and choker) I lay you down and started kissing your neck. You let out a little moan as I bite into your shoulder, releasing some of the coiled up sexual tension that had been building for days, since we decided to come. I kiss down your side, making you giggle and squirm, and making you wet. We could see there where around 20 other people in the pool area, and some of them had started to watch our lovemaking. Some had even stopped theirs to see how it should be done.
One particular lady, who I had seen you eying on the way in was about 10 feet away, and had pushed her hand down under her skirt to play with her clit while she watched. We where overtaken with lust, and as I lowered myself to kiss your thighs and smell your sex, I could see you looking straight into the woman's eyes.
Knowing we wanted to pace ourselves, we decided to sit-up and have a drink while we cooled down. I lowered myself into the pool, hoping it would extinguish my burning hot erection and save me some embarrassment when we next got up and walked around. While I was in the pool, I noticed our mysterious friend come over and sit by you, and decided to work my way around the edge of the pool until I could hear what was being said. I heard that she was asking you if it is your first time here, and you telling her we had never been to any club like this before. She introduced herself as Ana Lorena, which made sense of the fact she was deeply tanned, and of Spanish ascendancy Ana said she was 29, and used to be a table dancer in London. I heard the conversation carry on for around ten minutes as you seemed to be getting along like old friends, I went to the bar and got us a round of drinks. As I returned, I could sense a bit of Shhh!ing going on, and could feel my ears burning. "Ana has invited me to a private playroom, we both agree you would be welcome, if you're okay with it?"
"Okay with it?" I realised I had sounded far too exited, and could see the grin on both your faces at my losing my cool. Yeah... that'd be great, I'll fetch the drinks. I followed on as Ana and you walked through the club, feeling my cock turn to stone as she brushed her hand accross your shoulders. There was a bed and a seat in the playroom (the watchers position I assumed).
Ana asked you if you had ever been with a woman, and you replied that you had kissed girls on drunken nights out, but had no sexual experience with a woman. "Its always been a possibility, and I know Steve is dying to see it happen though" you added.
Ana edged closer to you on the bed, and put her drink down. "I think you are a very sexy girl, Sam" said Ana, dragging her hand slowly up your leg, and making you go bright red. She reached up, and removed the towel you had put on to protect your modesty, "mmmmm, a VERY sexy girl!" as she moved her hand up to touch our piercings. Your nipple immediately swelled, as she gently pinched and pulled upon it.
She lowered her mouth to your lips, and I could almost hear you say "Fuck it" as you put your hand round the back of her head, and pulled her into your kiss. I sat and watched, as your tongues entwined and flicked playfully with each other, and wondered how long I could remain as 'The Watcher'. Ana's hand moved back down and slowly moved your legs further apart, exposing your pussy. It was visibly wet, and you moaned loudly as Ana slowly moved her hand to your clitoris and tapped it sharply, making you jump. She worked her fingers all around your clit, dipping down to get lubrication. she then inserted a long, slender finger into your pussy and ground it in, pushing her palm over your clit and causing your body to stiffen, she held your hair as she did this, in mock restraint that only got you hotter and more wanton.
She then did exactly what I was hoping desperately for, she called me over. I stood in front of you both, looking down at you as you sat near the edge of the bed, cock twitching violently, and I prayed I would last more than seconds. She took my cock in her hand, causing me to panic a little and look towards you, but you were horny, I could see the lust in your eyes and I felt breathless. Ana guided my cock until it was at the entrance to your mouth, and you hungrily licked the pre-cum from the end with your tongue, before taking my entire cock into your mouth. Ana was holding my cock as you pumped away, saliva falling onto your stockings and me groaning and trying desperately not to come. she ordered me away, while she lay down, and guided you onto her into a 69 position. I knew my part his time, and slid my cock into your pussy, as slowly as I could, while tensing it to get the biggest entry thrust I could. I buried it deep and started pulling back and forth, gaining speed while I could see Ana watching from beneath.
Her tongue lashed out at your cunt, making you fall slightly as your arms went weak, she could see my cock mere inches from her mouth, working your pussy as she tended to you tonguing and lapping, biting and sucking, causing you to shake violently as your orgasm started its build.
I could see over your shoulder as you touched ana's pussy for the first time. It was also shaved, quite tanned and I couldn't tear my eyes away as your tongue made its first contact with her lips. I continued to watch as your enthusiasm grew and you lapped and sucked her clit until she moaned loudly, and I could feel the vibrations on my balls. I continued pushing into your pussy slowly, then quickly, ramming in and out and feeling Ana's breath on my balls.
I was reassuring myself I had crossed no unforgivable lines with this when to my amazement, she took my cock and pulled it from you, making a sound as the vacuum released. She then redirected it towards your arse, squeezing it to make it extra stiff, she guided it slowly in, and I was getting worried that it might hurt you and spoil things, but it went!, it slid in without much trouble, and was joined by Ana's finger in your pussy! We both started very slowly, keeping in time, then alternating our thrusts and keeping you in a state of absolute ecstasy. I could hear you moaning into Ana's pussy as you pumped two, then three fingers inside her.
I could feel you shaking inside and knew your orgasm was close, I started to speed up my rhythm and Ana added another finger into your pussy, we where building speed and I could hear you gasping, caught in an intoxicating mix of pain and pleasure until all three of us started screaming and wailing as we where overtaken by a torrent of passion and lust that carried on, and on. I came first pushing deep into you as I released my most powerful spurts of come, and pulled out, allowing the rest to shoot between your arse cheeks. I hadn't thought at the time, but was happy to see my come run down your arse cheeks and coat your pussy, before falling into Ana's mouth, triggering her orgasm and causing her to writhe around on the bed, her pussy gripping your fingers as your insistently licked her clitoris through the event, A this was happening your orgasm broke, and you raised you head and screamed, properly screamed, as Ana sucked on your pussy through it, wiggling fingers inside your cunt and making you come over her face and hair.
I stood back and watched the final moments, and was given the ultimate surprise when you sucked my cock clean before moving to Ana and sharing a passionate kiss, along with our "Jus D'Amour!"
We showered, dressed and hugged before returning to the Bar so we could buy our new friend a drink and come down from our experience.
"So will you be coming next month?" asked Ana
We looked at each other...
*****************
My first ever story, hope you guys like. More to come? Comments are very welcome!