Older Woman Joins Me flashing
It was another lovely clear night and I decided to go to my favorite spot and do a little flashing. I picked out a black lace bra and panties along with black stockings, a short pleated skirt and white button blouse.
Once I was dressed I walked around the apartment complex to the service road and down to where my little alcove was. I looked around to make sure that it was safe and no one was around and walked out to the fence that ran along the freeway. I waved at a few of the truckers as the drove by before starting my little strip show.
As the next truck came by I lifted my skirt and waved at him then I slipped my skirt off and waved at another truck as he passed. Turning towards my alcove to put my skirt down a set of headlights started coming down the road, so I walked over to my alcove to wait until they passed.
The car came to a stop right where I was and a woman got out. She slowly walked towards me and called out. " Hello? Are you there?" I wasn't sure what was going on but I didn't say anything and she spoke again, "I'm not here to cause any trouble but my husband and I have been watching you for quite some time now and I was wondering if you would mind if I joined you. My husband has been wanting me to do a strip tease like you do. We thinks it's very erotic."
I stepped out where she could see me. "The two of you have been watching me?" She was wearing a button blouse, skirt that came just above the knees, stockings and heels. She looked very sexy for her age.
"Yes. We live in the house right across the freeway there and we saw you here one night and kept looking for you. We've been watching you for months now and he's been wanting me to see about joining you and I finally decided to give it a try if you don't mind some company."
"Oh no, not at all, I'd be happy to have you join me."
She smiled and then turned and waved to her husband who then waved back and pulled off. "He's not going to stay and watch?"
"No he'll watch us from the house. It'll only take him a few minute and he'll flash the light sot let me know he's home."
She told me her name was Margret but her friends called her Marge. We waited a few minutes on her husband to get home as we chatted. She had asked if I had ever been caught and I told her, "Yes, I've been caught a few times." we both laughed and about that time we saw the lights in her house flash signalling that he was home.
"He's home now if you'd like to get started but it seems I'm a little bit behind you. You've already removed your skirt."
Smiling at her, "It's OK, we can start off by letting you catch up." I took her by the hand and we walked out towards the fence along the freeway. We both waved at her husband. " OK all you do is when the next truck starts coming you wave at them and slip your skirt off. I'll let you know when to start."
"OK that sounds simple enough, I am a bit nervous though."
"Well just look at me and you'll get over it." we both laughed and then waited for the next truck to come along which didn't take very long.
"OK now wave at the truck then slip your skirt off." She smiled at me and then waved at the truck. She hesitated at first but then quickly unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the ground. The truck passed by and tooted his horn.
"Oh my god that was so exciting."
"It is exciting, that's why I love doing it. Now pick up your skirt and lets go back to the alcove." She picked her skirt up and we walked back over to the alcove. "That's pretty much all there is to it. We walk out, wave at the trucker, take a piece of clothing off and walk back till we have nothing on except our stockings and heels."
"Well that sounds simple enough." She smiled at me. "I bet the truckers will be looking at you more though instead of an old lady like me."
"Nonsense. Your very sexy yourself." I leaned over and gave her a kiss on the cheek and she smiled as she thanked me. "OK time for our tops to come off." I took her hand and we walked back out to the fence again.
"Now we do the same thing although we may not be able to get our tops off before the truck passed, so all we do is stand her and wait for the next truck to finish off." I looked over towards her house and waved again. As the next truck approached we both started to unbutton our tops and we did have to wait for another to come by before we could finish. Her breasts looked even better without her top on and I couldn't wait till we were all done.
Once we were back in the alcove, "This is so exciting I can't believe that I am doing this." she gave me a big hug and a quick kiss. I smiled at her and gave her a kiss back.
"It will get even more exciting now because we start showing some skin. This time we take off our bra's. Now don't worry you've been doing great so far." I took her by the hand and we walked back out to the fence along the freeway. We waved at her husband then waited for the next truck to come by.
"Now do just like before, when the truck comes by we wave and take our bra off." As the truck approached we both waved then undid our bra's and pulled them off. The truck tooted his horn as it went by.
"OK now wave to your hubby." As she turned to wave at her husband I stepped behind her reaching around and cupped her breasts in my hands and squeezed them. She let out a gasp and leaned back towards me. Her nipples are hard and I pinched and pulled on both of them. She looked back at me smiled and then we walked back over to the alcove to put our bra's down.
She turned to me and said, "I've never been with another woman before sexually but it felt so good when you squeezed my tits." I reached out and caressed her tits again and she did the same to mine. I leaned forward and let my tongue circle her nipple before suckling it into my mouth. She moaned and pinched my nipples as I sucked on pulled on hers.
After a few minutes, "Well, we still have a show to put on. Your hubby will wonder what happen. We smiled at each other and headed back out to the fence. I looked at her and said, "OK this is it, our last piece of clothing to take off." She smiled and nodded at me. "When the next truck comes by we slip our panties off and wave, OK."
As the next truck approached she didn't hesitate at all, we both slipped our panties down and waved at the truck. Once the truck pasted she turned and waved at her hubby again. Then she turned to me and asked what was next and I said, "Now we go back again and then come out for our final showing."We stepped out of our panties picked them up and brought them back to the alcove.
"What do you do after the last showing?" she asked.
"Well after I'm I'm all done I get myself off before going home. Sometimes I'll do it out by the fence and sometimes back here."
"Well I certainly could use some relief myself. This has been so exciting and yes it's made me very horny also. My poor hubby is going to miss out on the best part," she laughed, "I'm sure that he would love watching that."
"Well he's welcome to come watch if you want him too."
"You wouldn't mind?"
"No, not at all. If you haven't figured it out yet, I love being watched." We both laughed gave each other a hug and kissed each other once more.
"I'm not sure though, he might want to join in. He's slipped a few times and said that he would love to fuck you."
"It wouldn't be the first time that I've been with a married couple before but that's entirely up to you if you wanted to let him do it."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes I'm sure. How are you suppose to let him know that your ready to be picked up?"
"He told me that when I was ready just to wave at him to come and get me." you. OK?"
"Sounds good to me."
We walked back out to the fence to wait on the next truck. "When the truck goes by we just wave and strike a few sexy poses showing our tits and ass." I looked at her and smiled. "And maybe a little more too." and I winked at her.
When the first truck came by she waved and as she did I leaned in and kissed her tit. As the second truck approached I turned her with her ass facing it and bent her over and spread the cheeks of her ass.
"After this next truck we'll let your hubby know to come and get you." she nodded in agreement. As the last truck came by we gave each other a hug and kiss. Once we had finished we turned towards her house and both waved signalling him to come and get her but as she waved to him I reached down and ran my finger along her wet pussy then put it to my mouth and sucked on it. She let out a moan as I did it waved frantically letting her hubby know to come get her.
We walked back to the alcove arm in arm. "My god that was so erotic. I almost died when you ran your finger on my pussy." she was so excited.
"You mean like this?" I stepped closer to her letting my hand slip around her waist and kissed her, I slid my other hand down between her legs rubbing her clit with the palm of my hand as I pushed a finger inside her pussy. She moaned into my mouth and wrapped her arms around me. We stood there for a minute or two as I continued to finger her wet pussy.
I smiled at her and said, "You'd better sit down for this next part." she just looked at me then sat down on the bench. I spread my skirt out on the ground in front of her and then knelt down as I parted her legs. She just watched and smiled.
Parting her pink lips with my fingers and letting my tongue outline them before circling her clit with it. Her eyes closed and head tilted back as her fingers slipped into my hair. My lips wrapped around her clit as
I began to suckle on it and she moaned loudly. I pushed two fingers inside her and finger fucked her. Her pussy tightened down on them and her hips started rocking back and forth.
Just about that time we heard a voice behind us. "Eh-hmm. I thought you were ready for me to come and pick you up but I see your not quite done yet."
She and I laughed and she introduced us, "George this is Vicki, Vicki this is my husband George." my fingers were still her pussy and my thumb rub her clit.
"It's nice to meet you George. You have a very lovely wife." as I smiled at him.
"Thank you and it's nice to meet you too." he kept watching as I fingered his wife and I could see a bulge in his pants.
"George it looks as though your cock has gotten hard." Why don't you let me take care of that for you."
George smiled and opened his pants pulling out his hard cock and walked over to his wife. She started stroking him and licking his shaft as I went back to sucking on her clit. George kept watching me as I ate his wife out and pumping his cock in her mouth.
"Doesn't she look much sexier up close George?" Marge asked as she smiled and winked at me. "She has such a sweet pussy too."
"Yes she does look sexy as hell." he smiled as he replied.
"I told her that you've had a fantasy about fucking her." Marge laughed and looked up at him waiting for his reaction.
He blushed looking at Marge. " You told her that?" then his eyes flashed between Marge and I as we smiled at him.
"Yes Marge told me how you two would be watching me and you would say from time to time that you would love to fuck me." smiling up at him. "She and I talked it over and she would love to see you fuck me while I ate her pussy."
George looked at Marge and she nodded her head, "Go head George. I want to see you fucking her and she says it's OK."
George leaned down and kissed Marge then pulled his pants off. He smiled at me as he stroked his cock then got down behind me. He bent over and spread the cheeks of my ass as he licked and kissed my pussy. I moaned as I pushed my tongue deeper into Marge. He moved up closer to me and rubbed the head of his cock along my pussy parting my pink lips. Then I felt the head of his cock pushing against the entrance to my pussy as he spread me open.
He slowly pushed forward letting his cock slowly fill me until his hips were pressed against my ass and was grinding his cock inside me. He pulled back slowly and began pumping his cock into me. His pace started to quicken until he was pounding my pussy hard pushing me forward into Marge. I held my tongue straight and tongue fucked her using the force of him fucking me.
Marge was moaning and watching as her husband fucked me, squeezing her tits and urging him on. "Oh yes George fuck her harder, her tongue is going in me so deep when you fuck her hard." She grabbed my head and pulled my mouth hard onto her pussy as she began to shake. Her cum filled my mouth as
George continued to fuck me. "Oh my god that felt so good." She was breathing heavy trying to catch her breath. " I want a better view of you fucking her George come and sit down so I can watch.
George pulled his cock out of me as Marge and he exchanged places. I got up, turned and guided his cock back into my pussy as I sat in his lap. Marge got down on her knees in front of us and began sucking his balls and my clit. I raised myself up some and George started thrusting his cock hard up into my pussy. I kept squeezing his cock with my pussy urging him to come as my own climax started to peek.
"That's it George fuck me." I bounced up and down on his cock as my juices covered his shaft. He started grunting and groaning and his grip tightened on my hips as he pulled me down onto him.
"FUCK!! I'm going to cum!!" He pulled me down hard onto his cock and I felt him starting to shoot his hot cum inside me.
Marge pulled his cock out of my pussy and a stream of cum hit her on the face. She quickly started sucking him off moaning as and draining the last of the cum from him. Then Marge licked and sucked the rest of his cum from my pussy. I bent down taking Marge by the chin and gave her a deep kiss tasting Georges cum on her lips.
George sat there trying to catch his breath as I slid off his lap. Marge and I laughed as we smiled at him.
"Are you OK George?" Marge asked
He smiled down at us "Yes, I'm fine. Just enjoying the feeling."
I stood up and started to get dressed. "Well it was very nice meeting you both. I had a great time and loved having the two of you join me. We really should get going now though."
They smiled at me and started getting dressed. "Thank you so much for letting us join you. We both loved it." Marge replied, George just smiled and shook his head in agreement.
I told them. "You two take care and maybe we can do this again sometime." I gave them both a hug and waved to them as I started walking back home. They got in their car and drove off waving back.
I hope you enjoyed this true story and continue looking for more of my adventures. In case anyone is wondering I never did see them again and I'm not sure what happen to them.