Meet Anita Olsen. The most popular girl in high school, she ruled as president of The Hot Babes Club - and as a bully who tormented Freddie Simpson for being a nerd. Freddie grew up to be a tech billionaire who invented a system of mind control, and life got very different for The Hottest Babe.
........................................
It was just three weeks later that Frida drove to Freddie's mansion in a rented truck. In the back there were four crates that held a total of 24 framed photographs of Anita. Frida, Freddie and Anita wrestled the crates into the house, unpacked the prints, and spread them around, leaning them against walls so they could look at all of them.
They were the most beautiful photographs Anita and Freddie had ever seen.
"Frida, these are spectacular," Freddie said. "I asked you to make Anita look like Aphrodite, and you succeeded."
"I'm so glad you think so," Frida said. "I tried my best."
"And you agree that you succeeded, right?" Freddie asked.
Frida was quiet for a moment. She was reluctant to brag.
"Yes, I succeeded," Frida said. "These are the best photographs of my career. So far."
The framed prints took up a lot of space, so the trio spent a lot of time wandering from room to room, studying each image over and over. They shimmered with restrained eroticism. Anyone could tell Anita was an extremely beautiful woman; these prints showed that inside her was a powerful sexuality that Frida captured with her camera.
Freddie mixed up a pitcher of martinis. They sat in his living room, taking in the view of the prints, when Frida said she wanted to make a request.
"Anything," Anita said.
"I think you should hear it first," Frida said.
Frida said she was extremely proud of the work she'd done. She was glad to give them something beautiful to display in their home, but she wished she could show the work to a wider audience. "It would be good for my career if you let me display these in a gallery for a few weeks," Frida said. "I'm sure this collection would attract a lot of attention."
"Why do you think you have to ask?" Anita said. "If that's important to you, of course you can do it."
Freddie laughed. "I think Frida worries that you might not want everyone in San Francisco to see what you look like naked."
Anita looked at Frida. "Is that it?" she asked.
"Yes. That's it exactly," Frida said.
"Well, it's not a problem for me. I'm proud of the way I look. I'm very lucky that a photographer as talented as you worked so hard to create images that make me look so beautiful. I hope a lot of people see your pictures. I'm flattered," Anita said.
No one said anything, but all of them were aware of the fact that Anita was such a dedicated exhibitionist that the notion of putting herself on display in an art gallery excited her.
"It's settled then," Freddie said. "Just make sure to let us know when you have your opening."
There was just one more thing to discuss. Erotic nudes are the most popular kind of art prints when it comes to sales. People who don't know very much about art are able to appreciate the beauty of erotic nudes, so it's easy to sell that kind of work. Frida figured she could make a lot of money if she sold prints, but she needed Freddie's permission. He'd commissioned the project, so the images belonged to him.
Freddie said he didn't object to Frida selling her work. He said he was a little bit concerned that some of those prints might be displayed in fast food restaurants or some other venue he might not like.
"I don't think that will be a problem," Frida said. "I plan to set the prices higher than I've ever charged before. The kind of people who can afford what I'll be asking will want to take very good care of these prints."
In the fullness of time, Frida gave Freddie and Anita periodic updates on the gallery showing. They got together regularly to visit, have sex, and get to know each other better. One day, all three of them were sitting around a table beside the pool.
"I've been thinking about something," Freddie said.
"Frida, I can't begin to tell you how glad I am that you are in our lives. I sought you out because you are a respected artist, and I had a job for you, but I couldn't have imagined how our relationship would grow. It's the best thing to happen to me in a long time. The best thing since Anita and I reconnected.
"I'm telling you this because a while ago you and Anita said you love each other. I didn't feel I'd known you long enough to be sure if I felt that way myself. Well, I know now. Frida, I love you with all my heart. I hope you are in our lives forever. Don't ever imagine I'm less than totally committed to you. I love you for yourself, and I love how much you've enriched Anita's life as well."
Frida began to cry. Anita gave her a hug and a kiss. "I love you both so much," Frida said. "I liked you both from the moment I met you, and I fell in love faster than you know."
As the day of the opening approached, Frida started acting a bit frantic. She was a perfectionist, and she never stopped fussing with little details. Freddie had seen the type before. Some people like that worked for him. He knew everything would be fine as soon as the show opened, but that nothing would be fine before that.
Anita was excited. The idea that the most influential members of the San Francisco art community were going to see her nude photos was thrilling. She thought she'd enjoyed swimming at nude beaches; this was incomparably more stimulating than this. She fussed over the outfit she'd wear to the opening. Her first impulse was to wear something sexy, with a plunging neckline or a slit skirt. But then she realized that kind of outfit was suitable for a red carpet, not an art gallery.
She ended up choosing an elegant black dress that was sexy, but restrained. It clung to her curves, but displayed minimal cleavage. The short skirt showed off her lovely legs, but not too much. The spaghetti straps that held up the dress left her lovely shoulders and arms on full display. The only overtly erotic part of her outfit were her matching dark nylons, which featured black seams that ran up the back of her leg. When she looked in the mirror, she liked what she saw.
Freddie bought a new suit for the opening. It was a new creation from a respected Italian designer, and Freddie felt a bit foolish wearing something so conspicuously trendy. But he wasn't dressing for himself: he was dressing to please Anita and Frida, and the suit he selected was perfect for that.
They were inside the gallery in the minutes before the opening, and Freddie saw that both women were extremely nervous. He understood Frida's nerves; this show could be an important event in her career. She had worked hard, and she would be bitterly disappointed if the show wasn't a success. Anita was nervous on Frida's behalf. She wished there was something she could do to reassure her new friend and lover, but only a successful showing could accomplish that.
They stood inside the gallery in the minutes before the doors opened. People wearing formal clothes were lined up outside. Inside, one wall had the single word "Aphrodite" stenciled in large letters above the row of prints. Little cards mounted next to the first picture on display explained that the photographs were commissioned by Alfred Simpson. There was no mention made of Freddie's career as a tech billionaire, but people already knew who he was. The text explained that the model was Freddie's partner Anita Olsen, that Frida Ramos believed there was a goddess inside Anita, and the photos were intended to reveal that goddess.
The gallery filled up almost immediately. Servers from a caterer walked among the crowd with white and red wine. The goblets were made of glass, not plastic. Frida had to mingle, so Freddie and Anita stood off to one side, sipping their wine, and commenting on the crowd.
"See the man with a satin stripe on his pants? I think he's a spy," Freddie said.
"Oh. I had thought he was a grade school music teacher, but I like your idea better."
"Actually, I doubt that he has a real job," Freddie said. "A lot of people here are trust fund babies who don't have to actually work. Going to gallery openings is what they do instead of working a job."
Gradually, Freddie and Anita became aware of the fact that they were attracting attention. People who looked at the prints, then looked at Anita, immediately recognized she was the model. Anita realized that although she was fully dressed, everyone in the room knew exactly what she looked like naked. It gave her a warm, contented feeling. Freddie had worked to cultivate her exhibitionist tendencies, and he'd been successful. Here was a large crowd of affluent, cultivated people examining every inch of her body seen from every possible angle. It felt so much better than frolicking on a nude beach or tanning naked by the pool while one of Freddie's friends pretended not to look.
Frida walked over. "How's it going?" Freddie asked.
"Well. Shockingly well. I've given business cards to three people who want to commission a similar project from me. And the gallery manager says that copies of the prints are selling so fast he can barely keep track. These are the most expensive prints I've ever sold. It's amazing."
"I'm very happy for you, Frida," Freddie said.
"You're the one who made this all happen," she said. "I owe everything to you."
"You are giving me too much credit," Freddie said.
"No I'm not," Frida replied.
Anita noticed that Frida had finally relaxed. She'd been almost paralyzed by nerves and anxiety for days, and it seemed to all vanish as soon as the crowd entered the gallery.
"Now that the pressure is finally off, what are you thinking?" Anita asked.
"Well, actually I was just thinking how much I'd enjoy eating your pussy right now," Frida said.
"What a coincidence," Anita said. "I was just imagining how much I'd enjoy it if you were eating my pussy."
They spoke in hushed tones so no one could hear them. Not to be outdone, Freddie said, "Frankly, I was just imaging how much I'd enjoy taking you ladies home and fucking both of you."
They worked hard to stifle a laugh. "Maybe we could duck out early," Anita said.
"Fine by me," Frida said.
"No. No no no no no," Freddie said. "Ladies, this is an important event. Frida, you have to mingle with these people. They are here to see the next person to be the Most Important Photographer In The World, and it is your responsibility to be seen. There will be no pussy eating until that job is finished."
"Ok Dad," Frida said.
"Fine. I'll just stand here and suck my thumb then," Anita said, showing an exaggerated pout.
The show was supposed to close at 11pm, but so many people wanted to buy copies of the prints that the gallery owner was busy until almost midnight. After he locked the doors, he told Frida that this was the most successful opening he'd ever done. There would be word of mouth that would bring more people in to see theAphroditeshow, and Frida could expect positive mentions in the art publications.
Freddie drove all three of them to his mansion. Nobody had to invite Frida to spend the night; it was obvious that all three of them wanted to climb into Freddie's big bed and never come out.
"We are very proud of you, Frida," Freddie said. "I'm happy to stand next to you in the bright spotlight shining on you right now."
Frida was tired. "You have a way of saying the nicest things," she said.
"He always does that," Anita said.
When they got home, they walked straight to Freddie's bedroom, removing articles of clothes on the way. Frida began caressing Anita's breasts when Freddie interrupted.
"Anita, this is Frida's night," he said. "For once, we're going to do what I want. And what I want, Anita, is for you and me to do everything we can to make Frida feel happy and loved."
They both removed the last of Frida's clothing, then climbed into bed. Frida laid back and relaxed, enjoying the feeling of being cared for by two people she loved. Anita gave her a deep, passionate kiss, and Freddie rolled her over on her side. He got behind Frida, who felt his growing cock press into the valley of her ass. As soon as it was hard enough, Freddie took his cock in his hand and guided it into Frita's pussy from behind her. Anita pressed her body into Frida's front, making her feel like a love sandwich.
Soon Anita's fingers were massaging Frida's pussy, slipping fingers inside her wet folds and seeking out her clitoris. They both felt Freddie's large cock sliding in and out as Anita got her fingers wet. It was overwhelmingly pleasurable.
It went on, and on, and Frida felt her excitement become unbearable. Everytime she got close to having an orgasm, Anita withdrew her hand. "Baby, let me cum," Frida said.
"Say please," Anita said. This was a game Freddie often played, and Anita enjoyed having a chance to play it with Frida.
"Please let me cum," Frida said.
"Ok," Anita said, moving her mouth down so she could eat Frida from the front while Freddie worked on her from the back. She started licking Frida clit. That did it. Frida began shuddering as her climax began. She felt her pussy throbbing around Freddie's big cock, and she saw Anita smiling as the pleasure swept through Frida's body.
When it was over, Frida laid on her back, exhausted and satisfied. Freddie climbed on top of Anita, brought her to an orgasm quickly, then climaxed himself. It was time to sleep.
"I've never had a day like this before," Frida said.
"What part was your favorite?" Freddie asked.
Frida laughed. The whole day was perfect. "I liked the part where you stuck that big fat dick into my tiny little pussy," Frida said.
"What a coincidence," Anita said. "My favorite part was when Freddie stuck his big fat dick into MY tiny little pussy."
"My favorite part is right now," Freddie said.
......................................
Anita tries new things as her sexual horizons expand in Chapter 14.