Monday
After being teased and then denied an orgasm the night before, I was extremely horny. I was sitting on my bed, looking down at the picture in my hand. When I had gone to unlock my clothes from the tree that I had locked them to on my previous adventure, I had found a picture of me in one the pants pockets. It was one of the pictures the woman, the one who had left me in this frustrated state, had taken of me last night when she had caught me naked. I was on my knees in the middle of the field just a couple blocks from my house with my hands at my sides and my penis sticking out. On the back she had written, "Hope to see you tonight".
I had managed to restrain myself from masturbating all day, constantly thinking about what was going to happen to me tonight didn't help. I was nervous but I decided to at least take a walk down to the field, as I had been requested to do. She might not even be there. I put on the same clothes as I had taken with me the previous night. In addition I also wore the panties she had given me. I decided not to take my house key, instead I just left the backdoor unlocked, closing it behind me.
As I approached the field I couldn't see anybody, however it was dark so I started to walk through the field, partially hoping that I wouldn't find anyone. After I stepped out of the light of the street lamps my eyes started to adjust to the dark and I saw a dim light in the field. Apprehensively, I walked towards the light, I still didn't see anyone but I figured the light was a marker for me. When I had gotten closer I noticed the the source of the light was a flashlight which was pointing towards a box. I walked towards the box and saw that inside the box was another picture of me, a handwritten note, a pair of handcuffs, and a strip of cloth.
I read the note:
I'm glad you decided to come out again, I knew you would. I hope you haven't touched yourself since I saw you last. I have another little game planned for you tonight, would you like that? Forcing you to masturbate last night was fun but we're going to raise the stakes tonight. Here's want I want you to do: Put on the blindfold that I've put in the box then strip off everything you're wearing. Take note of which direction the flashlight is facing. Once you are naked I want you to face the light, get on your knees, and start masturbating. I haven't decided whether I will be come see you tonight, but if I do I want to see you stroking your cock. Don't stop until I tell you to or you decide it has been long enough and I'm not going to be meeting you tonight. I don't think I need to tell you that you are not allowed to come. If we don't get to see each other tonight you can try again tomorrow, as long as you don't come until then.
-------
I put the note back in the box. My level of anxiety had slowly risen as I had read the note and was now much worse than when I left my house. It was time to really make a decision. I looked around. The flashlight was not extremely bright but I still think that if a person was at the edge of the field they could make out that there was a person in the field. The chances of somebody wandering around the field this late at night were low but last night I had been caught without the help of a flashlight serving as a beacon.
However, I was getting excited by the idea of this new level of risk and, despite my anxiety, I didn't want to back out now. I took the blindfold out of the box and put it on, nothing too risky yet, just standing in a field with a blindfold on. Next I took my shirt off. It took a few minutes to work up the courage to undress the rest of the way but eventually I stripped out of my pants and underwear, got on my knees and faced the light.
My clothing was still right next to me, I could grab them and run away if somebody saw me. I strained to listen for any noise.
After of few moments of silence I started to stroke my cock slowly, I didn't want to have an accident and I was unsure of how long I would be here. Every single noise made me jump, I almost stopped stoking when I heard a rustle in the trees, however I was able to ignore my instincts and obediently continue.
I imagined what was in store for me. There were handcuffs in the box and I realized that if I stayed I would probably end up in a worse situation than I was in now. I wondered if was even a good idea to stay and risk being forced into a worse situation by the woman who seemed to be able to make me do things by simply asking.
It was less time than I expected before I heard somebody walking towards me. They stopped just behind me but didn't say anything. I nervously continued to stoke. I was relieved when she finally spoke, glad it was not somebody else finding me like this.
"Hello again. Are you happy to see me?"
"Yes."
"Your not stoking very quickly. I doubt if you'll ever have an orgasm at that pace, it's not much fun that way is it? Why don't you go a bit faster, I love seeing you tease yourself."
I sped up a bit.
"Remember the game we played last night? Where you would bring yourself to the brink of orgasm and then let go right before, denying yourself. Why don't we play again."
I dreaded this torture, but I continued stroking faster.
"You seem awfully horny. Tell me, have you come since we last met?"
"No, I haven't."
"Good boy, I would be disappointed if I had to punish you by taking all your clothes and leaving you here to walk home naked and hard. As a reward you have my permission to come, go ahead speed up, you deserve this."
I wasn't expecting this, but I was glad and really started to stroke.
"Wow, so that's how fast you can stroke, interesting. Of course, if you can't come in the next 30 seconds then you don't have permission."
I knew I wasn't close enough but I tried, I started counting in my head. As I stoked as fast as I could I heard her camera go off a few times.
I managed to get closer to an orgasm that I thought I was going to be able to in 30 seconds. I lost my count but continued, I was finally going to get to come. As I stoked even faster she said,
"You know you 30 second window ended already, I hope you don't come."
I let go immediately, it was a good thing she warned me.
"Hmm, I thought I told you not to stop stroking until I told you to. I guess that means we have to stop. Too bad, I was looking forward to playing with you."
"Please no, I'm sorry."
"Don't worry you can always try again tomorrow, maybe you will listen to what I tell you to do better."
"Please, another chance, I'm very sorry."
"Another chance? Hmm, perhaps. Will you do something for me if I reconsider?"
"Thank you, yes, anything."
"Well, I have these handcuffs here, would you wear them for me?"
The handcuffs were not something I was looking forward to. They would leave me even more venerable than I already was.
"Yes, I would."
"Lift your hands in front of you."
As a lifted my hand up I felt her press something into my right palm.
"Throw it."
I shifted the object in my hand and pulled my hand back, it felt like a key. I threw it.
"Good, now hands behind your back."
I heard a rattle of metal as she locked my hands together with the handcuffs.
"Very nice. Now I'm going to go home, perhaps have a nice bath. If I'm feeling nice I might come back tonight, otherwise hopefully you will try your luck tomorrow. If you decide to head home you'll probably want the key to the cuffs, do you remember which direction you threw them?"
I heard her pick up my clothes and walk towards the flashlight.
"Should I turn this off? Maybe that will make this easier on you. Would you like me to turn it off?"
"Yes please.", at least if it was off the risk of being see would be much less.
"Hmm, interesting did you know that this is on the low setting. I wonder how bright the high setting is?"
I saw the intensity of the light increase through my blindfold.
"That's better, I think I can reposition it as well, you're not in the centre of the light."
The light moved around.
"Perfect."
"Well, I'm going now, you don't need your clothing do you? By now you should be used to being naked. Oh and I see you retuned my panties to me, thank you. If I do decide to come back tonight I expect that you won't have moved."
I heard her walk away, after a few steps she shouted back,
"See you later."
I hope nobody heard her shouting.
I was now in an even worse situation. The light shinning on me was brighter than before, I wasn't sure by how much, I no longer had any clothing, and I had handcuffs on. If she decided not to come back I would have to walk home completely naked. The tingling on the back of my neck that had been there since I put the blindfold on was much more intense.
I squirmed around and tried to reach up to my blindfold with my hands cuffed, I was able to just make it. I lowered my hand again. At least be able to take the blindfold off if she left me here.
She wouldn't leave me here, right?
I don't know how long I waited in that field. I was debating how long I would have to wait before knowing that she wasn't coming back. Waiting was still much better than facing the alternative of walking home naked.
After a while I heard somebody walking towards me. They stopped right in front of me and I heard them settle in grass in front of me. I figured she was back but trying to scare me, nobody else would react so calmly to finding me in this predicament.
After a few moments of silence she started to stroke my dick. I had been in this uncomfortable situation for long enough that I had gone soft. However it wasn't too long before I felt myself react and started stiffening. I felt her get even closer to me, I felt her warm breath on my shaft. I groaned as her lips enveloped the head of my cock. She started to suck on my dick.
She didn't waste time in trying to push me to the edge, stroking and sucking on my dick. She started moaning and I felt her tongue swirl around my shaft. It wasn't long before I was near the edge, I tried to hold off for as long as possible but eventually I begged,
"Please, let me come."
She didn't respond but she must have heard me because she slowed down and started to be more gentle while licking me. She continued to stroke my shaft, she also started to massaged my balls. She stimulated me just enough to keep me close to the edge without pushing me over.
I was able to calm down a bit with her going at this pace but after a while she upped the intensity for a few moments before returning to a gentler pace once I had been brought back to the edge.
This cycle was kept up for a while, she seemed to know exactly how to keep me close but not taking me over the edge. I was going crazy.
During one of the less intense moments I heard another person walking up towards us. I tensed up, I guess she didn't hear because she kept on playing with my cock.
"I see you've met Amanda.", I heard the now familiar voice of the woman who had taken my clothes and left me like this.
Whoever was currently keeping me in agony was not the same woman who had left me in this position.
"She's very talented would you agree?"
At that moment the intensity on my cock increased, I was unable to think clearly.
"Do you think Amanda here is talented?"
"Yes."
"Say her name."
"Amanda very is talented."
I felt her lean down, she whispered in my ear, "Would you like to orgasm? Would you like to come in her mouth?"
Amanda had sped up even more.
"Y-yes."
She stood up again.
"Of course you would, but what would you be willing to do for that privilege?"
"Anything, please.", I was getting really close.
"Hmm, we'll see."
Lucky Amanda slowed down just in time.
"Did you find it frustrating today, through out the day knowing you couldn't come?"
"Yes, very, I need to come."
"But you didn't you?"
"No."
"How can I be sure? You could have. Nothing was stopping you."
"I didn't."
"Do you really have the willpower now to touch yourself at all?"
"I do."
"You willpower might be strong enough to restrain yourself for a day, maybe even two. But what about longer? Could you not touch yourself for a week? If I allowed you to come would you be willing to do that?"
I hesitated, Amanda started to suck faster.
"Yes, yes."
"But you how do I know you can resist for that long?"
"I promise."
"I need to know you'll keep your word. I need something more than your willpower to ensure you obey me. Would you like a gift to make it easier for you to obey?"
"I don't know."
"I've brought this gift for you. You can decide whether or not to accept this gift. Because I'm feeling nice, whatever decision you make I promise to let you come."
Despite my state I was cautious enough to ask,
"What is it?"
"You'll like it. It is a chastity cage. I lock it onto your penis and you can't get hard. Isn't that nice, you won't have to constantly force yourself to resist having a quick stroke, you just won't be able to."
"And I have to wear this for a week?"
"Maybe I'll be nice and let you out sooner but you can come out after a week."
With Amanda sucking on my dick I wasn't thinking straight, I just wanted to come. A week couldn't be so bad,
"OK."
"You would give up the ability to orgasm for one whole week, for me?"
"Yes."
"Amanda, stop."
Amanda, release my dick, I felt her move away.
"What if I unlocked you hands and you could only come by stroking yourself? Would you still agree then?"
"Yes."
"What if I didn't let you come at all and still locked you up?"
I hoped this was just a test,
"Yes."
"Continue Amanda."
I felt Amanda slowly begin to stoke and suck my dick again.
"OK, you may come if you are sure."
Amanda started working with much more intensity than before. It didn't take me long.
"I'm coming.", I yelled before erupting in Amanda's mouth, my hips bucking.
She slowed down but continue for a few moments before letting go after my spasms had died away.
I slowly regained awareness of my surroundings.
"Very good Amanda."
Amanda replied, "Thank you mistress."
"Do you regret your decision?", this was directed at me.
"No."
"Would you still like my gift? You can still say no."
"I want it."
"Good, let's take a few pictures."
I heard her camera snap a few times as she took her pictures.
"You look soft enough that you might fit into the cage now, let's see how it looks on you. Amanda?"
I felt Amanda take my mostly soft dick and put it into the cage.
"OK, now we're going to put the lock on. I'll still let you walk away unlocked, however I would be disappointed if you decided to. Are you sure you want it to be locked?"
I was still hesitant but I didn't want this to stop, "Yes."
*click*
I heard the lock snap shut. After a moment, my handcuffs were unlocked.
As I moved my wrists around to my front I felt my new cage.
"Put you hands up in front again."
I felt another key being pressed into my hand.
"Here is the key to your new cage. If you're sure about your decision give the key to Amanda in front of you."
I closed my hand around the key for a second before reaching towards Amanda's hand and giving her the key.
"Very good."
I heard footsteps as Amanda stood up and walked away.
"Good boy, I'm glad you agree that Amanda deserves to have that key, especially after her performance today."
"Yes."
After a few moments my blindfold was removed. I remain blinded by the light from the flashlight for a few seconds, it was now much brighter than I hoped it would be, I was sure people walking by would have no trouble seeing it.
"Stand up."
The combination of such a powerful orgasm and having been on my knees for so long meant I was a little shaky after getting. I looked around for Amanda but couldn't see her.
"I decided not to make you walk home naked, isn't that nice of me."
She handed me my clothing. I put them on, I was very grateful not to be sent home with a chastity cage on display.
"You understand that a woman who you have never seen now holds the key to this.", she tapped my crotch.
I was slowly coming to that realization.
"Would you like to know how to get you freedom back?"
"Yes."
"Come back on Friday, if I'm feeling nice I might send Amanda here to meet you. Run along now, hopefully I'll see you soon."
I watched her walk away for a few moments, before heading home myself in the opposite direction.
-------
Letter from your mistress:
Dear Amanda,
I have a task for you tonight. Tonight at 3 AM I want you to go to Greenpark field. You won't be wearing very much on this outing. I want you to pick out a butt plug and dildo. Masturbate until you feel an orgasm coming on, when you are close insert the butt plug and dildo then put on a chastity belt and lock it. The lock you should use is included with this letter, I have the key.
This is all you'll be wearing, once you have these item on go out to the east edge of field and wait, looking out onto the field. Make sure you pay attention, I have arranged for a friend for you to play with to be on the field sometime tonight. He'll be blindfolded and handcuffed, if you pay very close attention you will be able to see when he throws the keys to his handcuff out into the field.
Your first task is to get that key, you must be very quiet, I don't want him, or somebody else, to hear you. After you have the key your second task is to go to him, you may not speak to him or do anything besides suck his cock. I know how much you like to give blowjobs and I think you'll enjoy this one. Keep sucking his cock until I join the two of you, if he comes before I give him permission you will be severely punished, however make sure to keep him close as you think is safe to the edge of orgasm because once I give him permission the longer he takes the more I will punish you.
If you do well, I have a very special reward for you tonight if you please me.
Love,
Mistress M