This is the second in a series of stories about Steve & Maria. While each story can stand alone, they are much more enjoyable when you have read the previous stories. I hope you enjoy this story as much as I did writing it.
*****
When I arrived home after our day of boating, my head was spinning. I had never met anyone like Maria before. I would never have thought that she was so beautiful and that she was not this conservative plain girl that I thought she was when I first met her.
On Monday morning, I called my Florist and sent an arrangement of flowers to Maria's work. The card read "had a great day at the beach...hope to see more of you soon...Steve". Mondays are always busy for me.
I got busy with work and didn't really think much more about it. About 2PM, I received a text message from a number I didn't recognize. When I opened it, there was a picture of Maria with the flowers and a note to call her later. Of course, that was enough to distract me and get my mind racing.
Later that evening, I called Maria. When she answered the phone, she seemed truly excited that I had called. She thanked me for the flowers and said they were very beautiful. We talked about our day and some general "stuff".
I purposely avoided bringing up what happened when we went boating as I was afraid that it was the liquor that made her do what she did.
Out of the blue, she asked me if I thought that she looked sexy in the white T-back that she had worn at the beach. Of course, I replied. She then asked if I would do her a huge favor. She said that she needed to go shopping for some clothes and would I go with her. She could tell that I wasn't really excited about going.
She asked me if I trusted her and I told her I didn't have any reason not to. She told me that if I would be a good sport and go with her, she would make sure it was fun for both of us. Since she put it that way, I couldn't refuse. We agreed to meet Wed. evening after work at the Mall near where I lived.
I thought Wed. evening would never arrive. I must admit that I was really looking forward to seeing Maria again. I arrived at the Mall around 6:30 and met her near the entrance. Maria looked beautiful but once again she had on baggy pants and an oversize top.
I still couldn't figure out why she was wearing such unattractive clothes. I guess she saw the expression on my face. She took my hand and we started to walk into the Mall. Maria then started to explain that the only clothes she had were oversize and unattractive (the only clothes her ex-boyfriend would let her have).
She explained that if she was going to hang out with a cute guy like me (made me blush) that she needed to get a few things that I would enjoy seeing her in and would show off her figure.
She led me into a store and took me to the back where the dressing area was. She told me to have a seat and she would be right back. In a few minutes, Maria returned with a handful of clothes and went into one of the dressing rooms.
The next thing I knew, the door opened and Maria walked out barefoot wearing a stylish pale blue jump suit. It had a zipper up the front and short sleeves. I am not necessarily a jump suit kind of guy but it did look great on her.
I think she sense that I wasn't overly excited about it.
She slowly lowered the zipper until her ample breast where partially exposed. Not too much but enough that I could see that she didn't have a bra on.
"Is that better," she said giving me a sexy smile.
"Now you have my attention."
She headed back to the dressing room to change. Next she came out in a red, light weight, summer dress. It was made of a thin fabric and flowed very freely.
The dress fit her perfectly and was definitely more to my liking. The contract between the red dress and her olive skin was quite alluring.
"Give me your honest opinion," she said.
"You look great in the dress."
"Steve, I want you to be honest with me. If you like what you see, I want you to tell me."
She then did a spin and the edge of the dress came up quite high exposing her butt and the top of her thighs. I could see she had on the White T-back bottoms that I had her wear at the beach.
"I am liking it even more," I said with a smile.
"Why are you wearing the T-back bottoms from the beach?"
She told me that all her ex would let her wear was granny panties and she didn't want me to see her in them so she asked Lisa if she could keep the bikini.
Maria when back into the dressing room and tried on several other outfits. Each one was as sexy as the one before it. After about 45 minutes, she came out with the ones she want to purchase. After she paid for them, we walked out of the store.
She then explained to me that she took me into that store as a test to see if I was a good sport in hanging out with her while she shopped. I asked her if I passed her test.
She smiled and said "Now, let's go have some fun."
Taking my hand, she led me to a high end Lingerie store.
"This is the real reason I wanted you to come clothes shopping with me."
We walked around the store and she picked up a few items to try on and we headed to the back of the store where the dressing rooms were. I figured I would find a nice place to sit while she was in the dressing room trying on each item.
My hope was that I would get to see what she bought later at home or maybe if I was really lucky a glimpse while we were in the store. The store was quiet with only a few women looking around up front.
Marie went in a dressing room and I found a place to sit not too far from there. As I figured she would be busy for a while, I took out my smart phone and started to go through the many emails that had accumulated.
I was started when I heard Maria's voice so soon.
"Honey, what do you think of this set?"
I looked up to see Maria standing in front of me in just a red lace bra and panties. I was in shock as my mouth hit the ground. Maria was standing virtually naked in the middle of the store. She looked stunning.
"You look great," I managed to finally get out.
"I thought it was a huge turn on for you for me to expose myself for other to see," Maria said with a wicked smile. "Was I wrong?"
I took her hand and pulled her to me and ran my fingers up the outside of her legs. I could feel her goose bumps.
"I think you're an exhibitionist and like showing off your body as much as I like you doing it."
I reached behind her and unsnapped her bra. It fell loose on her chest. Maria smiled. I could feel my dick starting to come alive in my pants.
"Now go try on the next outfit and let me see how it looks on you." I said with some authority.
Maria walked off to the dressing room to change and my mind was racing. I got up and walked toward the middle of the store where the check-out counter was. There were two young female clerks standing there chatting.
I struck up a conversation with them by asking some questions about the merchandise. I didn't really care about the answers, I just wanted to be standing there when Maria came out of the dressing room.
"Oh, there you are," I heard her say as she walked up to the three of us.
Maria was wearing a white lace bra and panty set. It was very shear and really only covered her nipples and public region. She pivoted around and it just had a string up the back. Very sexy, I thought.
I turned to two sales clerks.
"Do you think this is the right size bra for my girlfriend" I asked as I reached up and cupped one of Maria's breasts. I instantly felt Maria shiver and her nipple become erect.
I think the sales girls were a little shocked but they didn't let on. One of the clerks came around the counter and ran her fingers along the bra pretending to see if it was the right size. I could tell by the look on Maria's face that it was exciting her even more.
"Go change into your next outfit."
Off Maria went skipping to the dressing room with her ass clearly in view.
I remained at the counter chatting with the sales clerks. A few minutes later, I heard Maria calling my name and motioning me to come to the back of the store by the dressing room.
"No, you come up here. The Sales Clerks want to see too." I lied
Maria had on the tiniest bikini I have ever seen. It was just a string on the bottom and the part that covered her public area was shear mesh and see through. It was obvious to me that Maria had shaved herself for this shopping adventure. The top was very shear and her ample breast overflowed it. It barely covered her nipples.
Maria seemed a little nervous but at the same time, I knew that the attention that she was getting from the three of us was really exciting her.
"I bet this outfit would look even better in heels," one of the Sales Clerk said. The shoes were at the very front of the store adjacent to the front window. The Sale Clerk started to walk to the shoe department. I took Maria's hand and led her that way. She was a little hesitant but didn't resist.
Once in the shoe department, I told the Clerk to pick out a few pair of high heels for Maria to try on. There were a couple ladies and two couples at the front of the store. While the females weren't paying attention to Maria, the husbands saw her right away and positioned themselves so they could watch Maria. I could tell they liked what they saw.
Maria sat down and one of the Sale Clerks put a set of high heel shoes are her. Maria stood up and I motioned her to walk around so I could check them out. She knew what I was thinking and walked so the husbands could get a good look at her body.
By now, there were several guys standing at the window enjoying the show. Maria had drawn quite a crowd to her show.
She tried on several pairs and finally, I told the clerk that we would take one particular pair. After Maria slipped out of the heels, she grabbed my hand as she walked backed to the dressing room.
She took my hand and placed it on her pussy. I could feel how wet she was. Her pussy lips where swollen and the bikini bottoms had ridden up between them.
"Did that turn you on as much as it turned me on?" she asked.
I took her hand and placed it on my rock hard cock and she knew the answer.
"So what do you have in mind now?" I asked her.
"You will see...and soon," was all she said.
(To be continued)