If No Sex on the Beach....then Sex on the Balcony?
NOTICE: Copyright © 2016 -- This is an original work by EdwardKalb and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.com and the Author has not authorized any submission to any other site.
Author's Note: This continues the journey of a man and a woman in their fifties trying to re-ignite the passion in their marriage after raising 3 kids. In previous stories, the experiences of a vacation to the Caribbean proved life-changing - and marriage saving.
This is a story about sexual exploration through discovering the power of a woman's inner exhibitionist. This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story with certain (small) details. In Chapter 5 this couple enjoys being the center of attraction. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you.
**************
Susan and Edward were soon back at their hotel. Entering the Lobby, they came upon the Manager who had been so helpful and friendly the entirety of their stay.
"Hello, my friends! Welcome back! Did you have a great day at the beach?"
"Well hello! Yes, it was a great day at the beach. In fact, today may have been the best day of my life!" Edward grinned, not at all shy to exclaim his jubilation at having twice had sex with his wife already today, not to mention seeing his wife so willing to tease other guys.
"Great!! So happy that you got to experience our island! If I may ask, where are you dining tonight?"
As he continued having a friendly discussion in the Hotel Lobby, Susan noticed the man's eyes had been fixated on her since they entered the doors. Then she realized she was wearing only a beach cover-up, the very thin material clearly gave this man, and everyone else for that matter, a near-perfect view of her tits, nipples, ass and pussy.
Strangely, instead of embarrassment, she felt sexy as she watched this man look her up and down while continuing to carry on a conversation with her and her husband. Susan was convinced he continued to extend his viewing time, and she tried to act as nonchalant as possible. To her surprise her nipples hardened giving this stranger an even better view of her naked body.
"Well if there is anything I can do to make your stay even more perfect, just call me," the Manager continued.
"Thank you. We will," answered Edward as they turned to walk up the stairs to their second floor room.
"It was great to see you again!" called the Manager.
Susan understood the Manager's words to be profoundly on point. She was, after all, on display.
Turning to the stairs Edward, being the gentleman he is, allowed Susan to go first up the stairs. As she climbed a few steps, he paused to admire his wife, her ass and pussy now clearly on display as he was a few steps below her. His gentlemanly act provided an unexpected bonus.
As she climbed the first few steps, Susan turned back to see her husband, and the Manager staring up her! Clearing they both enjoyed the view looking up her beach cover-up at her ass.
Realizing he may have crossed the line with his staring at his guest's ass, the Manager's face quickly turned crimson in embarrassment. Susan just smiled back at him, attempting to assure the nice man that she did not mind his voyeurism.
Not a word was spoken as they arrived at their room. Closing the room door behind him, Edward broke the silence. "Susan, I need to thank you for an incredibly sexy day at the beach. And you cannot imagine how much of a turn-on it was for me watching you tease those guys on the beach!"
Edward loved seeing other men lust after her. The idea of other men craving his wife was an amazing feeling. But watching her teasing those guys on purpose and with such confidence and expertise may be one of the most erotic things he ever experienced.
Edward put his arms around her shoulder, pulled her closer, and looked deeply into her eyes, "And I have to admit, it was hot as hell seeing those men beat off to you," he confessed. "I never thought it would be such a turn on, but seeing those guys focused on you, with their hard cocks in their hands, and you opening teasing them really turned me on!" he told with all seriousness.
Testing the waters further he added, "It was also clear that one of the guys was going to try to pick you up."
Susan's face blushed, but this time she did not deny it. "Was it that guy that came up next to me and startled when me when I was floating on my back?"
"Yes, that was him! He said something to you. I am pretty sure he wanted to fuck you. I mean, his cock was enormous and it was clearly because of you!
Susan opened the sliding door to their balcony and stepped out. As she looked out over the railing to admire the setting sun, the thin material of Susan's beach cover-up provided a perfect silhouette that highlighted the curves of her body. Edward stepped out to join her, put his arms around her waist and kissed her on the neck.
The setting sun cast a warm golden glow over Susan's face. As beautiful as she looked, Edward could not help but immediately notice the look in Susan's eyes. The look of sexual hunger.
Susan felt tingling sensations coursing through her body. Here in this exotic location, she felt like an animal in heat. She turned and wrapped her arms around Edward's neck.
Susan leaned in and began a very passionate, but playful kiss, her tongue darting in and out and making circles around his mouth. Edward pulled her closer, his cock responding to her kisses as well as the feeling of Susan's hard nipples pressed against his chest with only the thin material separating them.
Susan's body was now in complete control. Her breasts felt heavy and tight and ached to be touched. Her nipples wanted freedom from the constraints of even the thin material. Her pussy was demanding attention again, the unmistakable feeling of dampness welling between her legs,
Without breaking lip contact, Edward reached down and pulled up her cover-up exposing her ass to the setting sun, and anyone across the way or those who may be walking below. Susan broke contact with Edward as she backed away. Then looking with sex-crazed eyes, and right there on the balcony, she reached down and slowly pulled up her beach cover-up, first exposing her pussy, and then her boobs, before pulling the thin garment over her head and letting it fall to the concrete balcony floor.
A day like she had at the beach turned Susan into the aggressor. Edward chose not do anything, or say anything. He simply let Susan take the lead.
Susan dropped to her knees and pulled down Edward's board shorts. At his age, and already having had sex twice this day, Edward's cock was slow to react. He was "chubby" but not hard enough to fuck.
Not to be denied the relief she desired, Susan's tongue slowly licked the length of Edward's cock while caressing his balls with her other hand. With the warmth of Susan's tongue and with her eyes looking up at him while she sucked and licked his member, Edward's cock slowly reported for duty. Susan sucked harder as she felt her husband's cock become even firmer, the unmistakable sound of slurping and popping heard by anyone close by as she continued licking and sucking up and down his member.
With a now fully erect cock in hand, Susan let the cock pop out of her mouth and with her eyes still fixed on Edward's, uttered in a soft sexy voice, "Are you ready to fuck me right here, right now, on this balcony?"
Edward was initially taken aback by the directness of Susan. She usually never spoke like that. But this was not the Susan of old. This was the new sexually liberated Susan filled new sensations of arousal, lust, and desire. And there before him on a second floor balcony was his incredibly sexy wife naked and ready to be fucked. Clearly she did not care if anyone could see -- and perhaps she wanted people to see. Maybe Susan the Exhibitionist wanted to be watched.
Edward looked around and saw people crossing the street no more than fifteen feet below, and cars passing slowly. Across the way he saw others on their balconies enjoying the beautiful sunset. Edward did have fantasies of fucking Susan someplace that they could be seen. For him it was something about the thrill of getting caught while doing something animalistic that got him going. But now, how would he respond knowing that others will see them?
Edward thought about getting a blanket or a few towels to put on the balcony floor, but Susan just turned and walked over and placed her hands onto the railing. Standing in a silhouette, the setting sun set gave her body a beautiful golden glow.
For Edward, her invitation was unmistakable. She wanted to be seen and fucked from behind within the easy eyesight of others. Coming up to her from behind, he put her arms around her. He looked over and saw a couple across the street watching them. Edward cupped her boobs with his hands and looked towards the couple, like he was making an offering to the couple watching.
Then turning attention solely to her, Edward stroked and caressed her boobs, rolling her hard, stiff nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. She responded and wriggled her ass against his cock.
Susan spread her legs as Edward reached down to her pussy and easily slid three fingers right in. His touch sent shivers pulsing through her body. Then she felt Edward line up his cock. As he started entering her, Susan thrust back to bury that cock deep into her awaiting pussy in one plunge. Edward pulled out slowly and as the head of his cock was almost out, he quickly thrust again into Susan's wet pussy. With his hands, he alternated between rubbing her nipples and holding onto her hips to better guide his cock.
Although getting fucked from behind was not something she generally enjoyed, here Susan was really getting into it and pushed back into every one of Edward's thrusts. "Oh God," she gasped as another thrust of Edward's hard cock slid into her, his hips hitting her ass cheeks so hard creating a loud "slap".
"Yes......yes.......YES!!!" Susan started getting very vocal which again was out of character, and with anyone walking below could easily look up and see her tits bouncing as this horny and sexy woman got fucked.
She looked around and realized that they were in fact being watched by even more people. A man and a woman, standing on a balcony across the street were transfixed by the erotic sight of their coupling. But Susan did not care and became even more turned on, begging Edward to keep fucking her. If she was getting close to an orgasm before, being watched from directly across the street put her over the edge.
As Edward continued thrusting in and out of her in a steady rhythm, Susan moaned as her body became completely overcome with orgasmic delight. Any senses she had were long gone as she arched her back more to receive every thrust and as her eyes rolled back into her head, her body began trembling from the pulses coursing through it.
Edward too noticed the voyeurs across the way. Susan must have seen them, he thought. He reached around with both hands and grasped his wife's bouncing tits. His fingers clamped down upon her hard nipples and squeezed.
"Ahhhhh!" he groaned as he was suddenly overcome with his third orgasm of the day. He let out a loud grunt as he slammed completely into her a final time, emptying his cock deep within his wife.
"Oh God.........that was......great!" Susan moaned trying to catch her breath as her body still trembled uncontrollably.
Completely spent after having sex for the third time that day, both of them staggered back into the room and passed out on the bed.
Susan awoke to the sound of the shower. The nap felt so good. After a day in the sun at the beach, and after having sex multiple times, it was necessary to nap prior to going out for the evening. With her eyes closed, she felt a cool breeze from the still open door to the balcony caressing her body. She felt her nipples tightening not only from the cooling air but also from her recollections of their day as well.
She remembered their day at the beach and being the center of attention for not only her husband, but strangers as well. She blushed when she remembered having sex on a car hood while others passed nearby. She remembered walking through the lobby and chatting with the Hotel Manager practically naked, covered only by the thin see-thru material of her beach cover-up. She felt tingles as she recalled getting naked on the balcony while watching another couple watch them fuck. She wondered how many others saw her on the balcony, completely naked.
She could not help but remain excited after having done such an illicit, carnal act in full view of others. Her thoughts went to the feelings in her pussy, which was now a bit tender from all the sex she had. But she did not mind, she felt invigorated.
She heard the shower turn off and she moved to her side. Facing the balcony, she realized with the drapes open and the lights on in the room, her nakedness was likely on full display to anyone in the hotel across the way. That thought did not compel her to pull the sheet up to cover herself. Instead, she smiled to herself, feeling so alive and strangely uninhibited.
The last three days provided answers to several of her questions:
Q: Could she go through with removing all her clothes and being fully naked on a public beach in front of many strangers?
A: No problem at all! She realized the complete sense of freedom in enjoying the sea without a wet bathing suit clinging to her body and enjoyed relaxing in the warm sun.
Q: Was she too old and would there be only young people with perfect bodies nude on the beach?
A: No! She saw people of all ages, all shapes and sizes, and all being comfortable with themselves and others. Curves, wrinkles, both perky and saggy boobs, both large and small, tanned backsides and white tails, and private parts of all shapes, shades, and sizes -- no judgements. Only happy, friendly people.
Q: Would there be a lot of wild sex on the nude beach?
A: Well.....yes! But she didn't realize that SHE would be in the spotlight!
Susan's hand reach down to her pussy and stroked the outside lips before flicking her clit. The thought of her being the center of attention stirred her once again. It remained confusing to her, not ever wanting to be the one showing off, but at this point she did not care, and even hoped, that she was giving a show.
"Great, you're awake," Edward said toweling off his hair. Looking at his wife stretching on the bed, fully naked, he could not feel so lucky and proud. "If I haven't told you enough today, I love you! And by the way, you look so sexy lying there stretching like a cat...... a just fucked cat!"
"Do we have to leave the room?" Susan purred still feeling a bit tired.
"Well, I made reservations at a really nice restaurant in town. And after all the energy we expended today, I think we need to re-fuel our body. You should get ready. We will need to leave in 45!"
Susan slowly got up and walked over to Edward completely naked. She kissed Edward and turned to use the shower, but not before Edward slapped her ass. Susan turned and just gave a sly, sexy smile as Edward beamed proudly at his unmistakable good fortune to be married to this incredibly beautiful, smart, and sexy woman.
"Unfortunately, tonight is our last night in Naxos. Remember, tomorrow we move on to Athens!"
And with that, they both realized that their erotic adventures on this sexy Greek island would come to an end; their life would soon go back to "normal." But would they continue to explore their exhibitionist and voyeuristic sides in other locations? Stay tuned!