All characters are over 18 and any resemblance to real life people is purely coincidental.
Cold air surrounded Sam as he touched his hand to a heavy brass door knob. Silent air trogged through his brunet hair and around his face, groping his spinal cord with cold, forsaken shivers. He took in a deep breath before entering the suburban house and opening the door. Walking in, he heard someone in kitchen. He gave a quick, superficial greeting but hastily left to enter his room. The room was dark and empty, save for a closet of men's clothes, a bed, and a metal chair chilled by AC pumped indifferently into the hollow room. Carelessly, he finally collapsed onto his chair, giving an agonized sigh.
Sam lived with his christian fundamentalist parents. While often his parents would tell him they loved him, he knew they didn't truly know him or who he was; were they to uncover his raw, unrestrained self, he would be thrown out and shunned. They would abandon him, desperately trying to forget the blemish he would put on their family name. He simply couldn't afford to be himself, he had to survive.
Choosing to distract himself, he opened up a porn video from a popular pornography website on his phone. His heart raced with desire, as he slowly began touching himself through his clothes. While Sam disliked the lack of intimacy with clothing, he couldn't risk his parents walking in on him venerable like that. Once he would feel ready, he usually moved to the shower anyway, though it was much less comfortable.
As the pornographic video progressed, the less interested Sam felt with it. With a roll of his eyes and another sigh, he closed the tab and looked on for something else. His heart beat like a kettledrum, hungrily looking for something to consummate his intricate desires. Finally, he found a blog site describing exactly what Sam wanted - free love. His face was a burning flush, he needed this. There was a link to the video described, but he didn't recognize the website. It didn't matter, he opened it anyway. Sam was breathless, rubbing himself through his clothes, desperate for stimulus and waiting for the website to load. Sam was aching for it now and the website wouldn't load. Horny and inpatient, he was about to look for something else when a refulgent white light gleamed onto his face.
Sam blinked, he was in a completely different location. He was standing on a soft, carpeted floor. The room he was in was bright and warm, with an odd mixture of black roses, penguins, and framed photographs peppering the sage-colored walls of the room that appeared to be a living area of sorts. The carpeted flooring gradually merged into a tiled floor where Sam assumed there to be a kitchen. Suddenly, a piercing scream shattered through the room like a broken window.
"What the fuck are you doing here!" A girl shouted violently, almost forcing Sam to hastily recoil.
Sam quickly turned around to see the source of the sound. Her head was blanketed by dark-licorice hair that dropped all the way to the top of her midriff and her eyes were pale green like witch's skin; Her skin was all around pale as the moon - Sam could tell that for sure, as there was absolutely nothing left to the imagination. In her hands, the naked woman held a bundle of black rope; and her legs were fiercely charging towards him. He froze, stunned by her image, before suddenly snapping out of it as he took a hit to the tummy. Sam, now panicking himself, made a feeble attempt to defend himself as the girl tackled him to ground, tying him up with suspicious speed.
"Please don't hurt me." The boy weakly said, blushing at the naked girl who tied him up and had him pinned to the ground.
"Yes, hello?" The girl ignored him, clasping tightly onto a phone in her hand. "I need to report a break in attempt. Yes, Bailey at, please come quickly."
"What is going on?" Sam was utterly disoriented now.
The girl continued to ignore him, but decided to scan him for any weapons. The boy had short, brown hair that contrasted heavily against his light skin. His face was round with soft cheeks and sat on top of a thin frame with long, curvy legs extending out of him.
After several minutes of strained silence, a knock was heard at a door Sam couldn't see. The raven-haired girl briskly walked away; before long, another woman came, effortlessly picked Sam up, and carried him away. Simultaneously, a man holding a pen and paper came and began asking the naked girl questions, and looking around, seemingly not noticing her lack of clothing.
"Yes officer, my name is Bailey." She began.
"No, I did not see him take anything." She said, answering another question.
"Uh, sure I guess I can come with you." Hesitantly, she followed the uniformed man as they walked out of a brick apartment complex, catching her eye on the tied-up boy leaving with the uniformed woman in another car. She brought her attention back to what was in front of her as the male officer patiently offered an open door of his own car to her.
---
Bailey watched as the hands of the clock droningly rotated around, fidgeting with her hands as she looked to and fro. She sat in a vanilla-colored reception area, with a handful of busy officers going where they were needed, a receptionist, and a couple other people seated in chairs with her. Most people were naked aside from the officers - they weren't allowed to, as that would violate the rights of criminals.
As Bailey looked around, she spotted a woman sitting next to her right before a confident smirk grew on her face. The raven-haired girl nonchalantly rose from her seat, and walked over to the other woman. The woman was naked from feet up, excluding a pair of glasses accentuating her sharp eyes. There was a dimple on each of her cheeks, and a compass rose tattoo on her arm. Her breasts were soft and pert, with two perky nipples just begging to be played with.
"Please get up." Bailey sternly commanded.
The woman quickly obeyed, and Bailey sat on her seat, tapping her hands twice on her legs gesturing for the woman to sit on her lap. Bailey felt the woman's cool ass rubbing against her body as she placed her hands on the woman's thighs. Slowly, she began massaging the tender, supple thighs as they both looked at the same direction. Gradually, Bailey moved upwards and wrapped her sly fingers around the woman's tight waist, groping at the woman's smooth stomach before finally moving up her catalyzing breasts.
"Do I feel good, Miss?" The woman teased, turning around to see Bailey before she could begin the good part.
"So good babe." Bailey moaned as she tightly pinched the woman's nipples, partly due to frustration. The woman's lips suddenly leapt into Bailey's, lustily pulling for her attention as she continued tweaking at the woman's brazen nipples. Bailey let out a mellow moan as they made out and enjoyed each other's bodies. Soon, Bailey could not contain herself as she allowed one of her hands to drop down to the woman's moist pussy and began to lightly tease her fingers along its edge.
"Ma'am, we've investigated the suspect, he has been cleared of any wrong doing." An androgynous officer said, facing the couple plainly.
"What? I don't understand, how can that be?." Bailey begrudgingly released herself from the woman's lips.
"We've investigated, and have come to conclusion that he had no intention of doing anything wrong, it's normal for people to walk into other's apartments." The uniformed officer replied back calmly. Bailey pouted, but continued indulging in the woman's body. She knew that the officer was right, but that didn't stop Bailey's hunch that something was not normal with that boy.
"Although, he seems to be suffering from confusion, and all around seems to be delusional about his life." The officer continued, seemingly understanding exactly what Bailey was thinking. "He doesn't appear in any of our records either."
"Wh-at. I don't unders-tand." Bailey stumbled through the words, the woman was now facing her and began to reciprocate touches.
"This happens occasionally, we call it Yorkson's Syndrome. Named after the first person diagnosed." The officer replied back, skillfully translating Bailey's half-constructed sentence. "We are going to have you help him apply for citizenship again."
"What! You can't do that!" Bailey shouted back flustering. She had completely stopped playing with the woman on her lap, the woman, however, continued to embrace Bailey, kissing all around her body.
"We can actually. Listen, I'm just telling you what they told me. Look, here he comes. Just take him Legal Records office building and get it taken care of." The officer, now on damage control, rushed through trying to calm her down as the timid man walked up to them with a bashful stance, his face locked in a disconcerted expression.
"Alright, fine." Bailey rolled her eyes, she couldn't give enough effort to say no while her body was kissed from cheek to neck, breast and belly.
"Great, have a good day now." The officer replied, now pleased. They tipped their cap to the boy and left the group behind.
"What did you say your name was?" Bailey scowled towards the boy harshly, for someone getting covered in kisses.
"Sam." He replied uncomfortably, as the naked woman that tackled and tied him up pouted at him. Staring with her milky green eyes, she communicated all she needed to tell him he was not welcome.
"Well Sam, let's get this over with." Bailey stated, rolling her eyes as she got herself and the other woman up from her seat. "Sorry baby, we won't be able to finish our playtime." Bailey looked her public lover in the eyes as the woman gave her a disappointed nod before Bailey walked away with Sam towards the exit.
"So, you don't remember anything, huh?" Bailey tried to break the silence as they walked out the small police station.
"What? Of course not, I remember my entire life." Sam's voice pitched higher as he replied back.
"Uh huh, right." Bailey rolled her eyes as she spoke with a harsh skepticism.
"I think I've somehow found myself in another world. If I-"
"Okay, here is what's going to happen." Bailey quickly interrupted the potential annoyance. "I'm going to teach you all the stuff you forgot, get you applied as a citizen and continue on with my life again, understand?" Bailey said sternly looking him in the eyes now, her hands on his shoulders. Sam tried to keep his eyes focused, but the temptation to gawk at the black-haired raven's breasts were to strong. "Anyway." Bailey said as she released him and continued walking, seemingly not noticing Sam's staring.
They continued walking with Bailey unable to continue her thought, as they past a plethora of people in various stages of undress and sexual activities. Some people were dressed completely, some even in very formal clothing, others wore lingerie, many wore a mix of casual clothing and underwear, some, like Bailey, were completely naked. Many still, were active in some form of sex.
"So, what is going on, why is everyone-"
"So you see, Sam," Bailey interrupted him again, eager to get this over with. "When you turn eighteen, you become an adult-"
"I know that, I'm just wondering why people are naked and having sex with each other in public!" Sam burst out in frustration, tired of people treating him condescendingly.
"Well, when people become adults, they are put on the free use register and they live in an adult city, where people have sex with each other for fun." Bailey replied, slightly shocked at his blow up.
"Oh" Sam responded, slightly dizzy from the stimulating shock of his brand new surroundings.
They kept silent as they continued walking, finally giving Bailey the opportunity to better observe Sam. He was a brunet with short hair that he combed over his forehead. His skin looked soft like a pillow, and his eyes shined a brilliant white while pure, gray irises circled each eye. Slender arms stretched out of him, rhythmically moving back and forth like a pendulum as they walked together. He had a thin body frame, but widened at his hips and a plump, delicate booty that begged for a smack clung onto him. His thighs were thick like molasses and rippled as they kept their pace with each other.
Eventually, they reached a bus station, Sam couldn't help sneaking peeks at Bailey's ass bouncing as she climbed the steps to the bus. Sam was starting to care less that some people weren't wearing clothes in this world. Curiously, there was no driver present, but no one seemed to notice or care. They walked down the aisle until they found a nice handrail section.
Soon after they had entered the bus, a man came up to them and pulled down his pants and boxers. He then grabbed Bailey from behind and pushed her head down while her ass instinctively rose up. The man felt around her genitals, she was slick with her wetness and flushed red from her liaison with the woman at the police station. Slowly, the man entered into her.
Bailey moaned, as the man had started thrusting back and forth. "Maybe you can learn something from this, Sam." Bailey paused to moan again while the man continued to hungrily copulate her as sweat poured from his heavy brow. "We have sex with each other, remember?"
Sam was hardly paying attention to her, all he could focus on was the beautiful girl getting fucked in front of him. His member grew in his pants, eager for a piece of action after getting blocked by some weird magic incident.
"Sam, wh-why don't you kneel down and give this man a rimjob?" Bailey managed to say as she quivered before the stout man.
Sam snapped out of his trance. "Like right now? What if he's not into it?"
"Why wouldn't he-he enjoy receiving pleasure?" Bailey confusedly replied.
"I guess..." Sam said cautiously, unable to argue the logic that made zero sense in his world.
"Well get on wi-with it." Bailey said breathlessly.
Sam got on his knees as the bus jostled suddenly, causing him to sway side-to-side like a tree in a windy forest. He slowly crawled towards the man, grabbing his hips, while he hesitantly moved his mouth towards the man's ass. He started to lick aimlessly before soon getting more comfortable. Sam started licking at the base of the man's penis, feeling him as he fervently thrust into Bailey's hot slit. The man started to moan, eager for more attention encouraging Sam to start licking up towards the man's asshole, circling it with varying amounts of pressure. The man was groaning harder now and started to grope one of Bailey's breasts while the other jiggled in rhythm with the man thrusting into her. Hearing the ravishing symphony of sounds above him, Sam greedily started to lick harder, beginning to suck on the man's voluptuous ass. Sam let his hands explore all over the man's body, holding on tightly to his firm navel before dropping down to his toned legs. Moaning escaped out of Sam's mouth as his tongue explored downward licking at the balls swinging like a pendulum. The man began to pick up pace, prompting Sam to start licking back up again and finally entering the man's asshole, vigorously massaging his round prostate.
The entire bus filled with the moans of the three until finally the man gave a thick grunt as he pulled out of Bailey. Turning around and grabbed Sam by the face dumping the entirety of his white seed onto the boy's face. After that, the man pulled up his pants and boxers before leaving without saying another word to them.
"Whaddya think?" Bailey said with a smirk on her face, staring at the cum covered boy and beginning to enjoy the assignment given to her.
"Pretty neat, I've never done that before." Sam said with a reserved smile.
"Heh, I'm sure you've had sex before, you just don't remember it." Bailey replied, slightly giggling at his innocence.
"No really, I've never had sex before." Sam said, slightly defensively, forgetting that he was talking to a completely naked woman
"Okay, okay, I believe you." Bailey assured, satisfied by herself in her guardianship over Sam. They both stayed silent the rest of the ride until they arrived at the Legal Records Office building.
As they walked into the building, Sam spotted a curious box.
"Hey, a fish tank!" He said running up to it, still covered in a stranger's cum.
Bailey chuckled and called him back. "Wait, let's get you applied first!"
"Okay." Sam disappointedly replied, giving Bailey another chuckle.
"Hello, how may I help you today?" A clerk said with a smile.
Sam looked around the office, there were a couple clerks and other office-workers around. Some were bottomless, some were completely clothed. This particular clerk was male, wearing a button up shirt with the sleeves rolled up. One of his arms was clenching his penis, probably masturbating before the two of them came in. Sam instinctively looked away, still not used to the free expression of sexuality this new world of his possessed.
"Yes we need to re-apply this man over here for citizenship, his other ID was lost." Bailey said, already pretty bored.
"Ah, yes that happens sometimes, shouldn't be too much of a hassle to get things all back to normal. The clerk said, getting out a sheet of paper and a case of ink. "Can you come over here and give me your fingerprints, sir?". Bailey impulsively guided him forward to the paper and ink. "And while you are doing that, let me take a skin sample." The clerk grabbed a cotton swab out of a small carton and brushed it over Sam's arm. "Hey, I need a DNA extraction over here!" the clerk yelled out. Another clerk came, carefully took the swab and left an instant later, just as Sam had finished the last of his fingers. "Great, can you sign your name here and then we'll just have to wait for the skin sample to come back." The clerk said cheerfully as he began to stroke his penis again.
Sam quickly signed his name and turned to Bailey.
"I'm going to go look at the fish now." He said with a smile, before hurriedly running off to stare at the various species of fish in the tank.
"Oh, I almost forgot, I need his place of residency, where does he live?" The clerk asked, wanting to finish this up quickly.
"Uhh" Bailey turned towards the boy, watching him follow the fish swimming about with his finger. She knew he had no where to go, but could she really just let this stranger move in with her? She sighed, and nodded at the clerk.
"Yes, he is my roommate,

"Alright, you'll see something in the mail to confirm this, just have him sign it." The clerk said, staring at her bare boobs while slowly jerking off. Bailey nodded while staring at Sam, still astonished at what she had done.
After several minutes, the clerk received a notification on his computer with the DNA extraction. "Alright, 18-years-old with XY chromosomes, would you like to be on the Free-Use register?" The clerk asked as Sam came walking back.
Sam paused for a moment to think, he looked at Bailey. She stared back, looking at him with a curious expression he couldn't determine the reason for. He turned back to the masturbating clerk.
"Yes." He said with a nod.
"Okay, well you're all set to go then." The clerk said, speeding up the rhythm of his strokes.
Bailey grabbed Sam and they left the building, heading back to her apartment.
"Hey, just to let you know, until you're ready, you can stay with me at my place." Bailey said to Sam.
"Really? Oh my gosh, thank you so much, that's so generous of you." Sam said sincerely.
After another half-an-hour bus ride, and a 10 minute walk, they finally arrived at Bailey's apartment.
"Well, here's the place. You're welcome to anything in the fridge, the TV's over here, there's the bathroom, and the bedroom is over here." Bailey guided Sam throughout the place.
Sam quickly analyzed the apartment, eager to see what a home looked like in this curious world. It was a fair sized apartment centered with one room that was the living room with a connected kitchen, there was a couch and TV set in front of him, further in front was the kitchen with all the standard kitchenware, to the left was a door that led to the bedroom, and to the right was the bathroom.
The naked raven was leading Sam by the hand to the bedroom. "Do you like it?" Bailey said, referring to the beautiful orange, white, and sage green striped bed sheets, complemented harmoniously with a white-stained wood bed frame she had. "We'll have to share the bed, but it's no biggie."
"O-okay." Sam said foolishly as he looked around the entire room. His eyes eventually focused on her dresser, where he saw a professional-looking photo of Bailey and another girl kissing. Her hair was just as black as Bailey's, while her skin was dark brown like a chestnut wood. "Who's she?" Sam curiously asked, pointing toward the photo.
"Oh, that's Destiny, you'll meet her someday. I have a romantic relationship with her." Bailey replied.
"So, she's your girlfriend?" Sam said smirking.
Bailey giggled, blushing. "I guess you could call her that." She said, trying to contain her growing smile. "Anyway, I have stuff I need to do, I'll be in the other room." She finished, leaving Sam to his own devices.
Sam sat on the bed as he thought about his new surroundings. Had he really just forgotten his true reality and dreamt his past life? He began reaching for his memories, how his parents would take him to church -- no, it was impossible, the things he was taught there couldn't have been made up. He knew he had to have been transported here, maybe by a merciful, benevolent being. He also thought on what happened that day, he still had a lot to learn on the culture of this new planet, world, universe maybe. He didn't know, it doesn't matter. But Bailey had been so kind to him, even letting him live with her.
Why had she done that? Sam thought to himself, trying to figure out her reasoning after their less-than-ideal first impressions of each other.
"Hey, Sam come over to the kitchen!" Bailey called out, she had food prepared. After they had finished eating together and Sam had cleaned up, they moved to the couch.
"What movie do you want to watch?" Bailey asked.
"What movies do you got?" Sam replied.
"Why don't you take a look?" Bailey said back, punching him in the arm, her breasts jiggling as she did so.
Sam looked at the collection of films Bailey had in a cabinet beneath the television stand and picked out a movie he thought he recognized named "The Matrix." As they watched, Sam found cheesy-lines were way more common than he had remembered. Even the plot was not the same.
"Wait, this isn't right, this movie sucks." Sam said, slightly irritated.
"What do you mean? This movie is a classic that has had a profound impact on pop-culture. I love this movie!" Bailey staunchly defended.
"The dialogue is terrible, the plot doesn't make anything sense, and the... the-uhh" Sam stopped talking as the Keanu Reeves look-a-like actor began to take his clothes off. Sweat reflecting of the man's skin and his biceps bulged from his chest.
"Dialogue, plot, acting? Why don't you read a book?" Bailey began to start in a mock-disgusted tone. "Movies aren't meant for that, they're just for visual-pleasure."
Sam wasn't paying attention, he never found the relief he so desired before he left his home and after the encounter with the man on the bus, he was hornier then he had ever been in his life. He began to do his customary ritual and started to stroke through his shorts.
Bailey looked at him confusedly. "Why are you doing that?" You've been wearing shorts the entire time I've seen you. It's normal to not wear clothes, remember? I've been naked the entire trip we took." She said, as if it were a casual event.
"Uhh, I don't know." Sam said, facing the T.V. screen, desire growing in him, stroking his shorts harder.
"Come on, it's no big deal." She said, not looking at him anymore as she herself was staring at the television screen, lightly masturbating.
"Ugh, fine." He said, giving in. Sam kicked off his shoes and peeled his socks off. He undid the button on his shorts, and carefully unzipped his fly, dropping his shorts to the floor. His underwear was a bright orange and wrapped around his plump ass like a wrapper to candy as he stepped out of his shorts. He looked at Bailey nervously, she paid no mind to him and was still casually masturbating to the porn behind him. He pulled his t-shirt off him as his cute, perky nipples pointed out. And saving the best for last, he slipped his boxer-briefs off his frame slowly, revealing a deliciously pert cock and balls that clung to his warmth. He waited for Bailey to respond but she paid him no mind, slightly disappointed, he decided to do something bold.
"Mind if I sit on your lap?" He asked.
Bailey smiled at the boy, she realizing that her lessons were going somewhere. "Sure, why not? But there's so need to ask, you know." Hiding her own desire for his body, she sat up straight and gestured at her lap, signaling for him to come sit down. Sam walked up to her and slowly began to sit down. Her thighs felt cold on his ass, but the sensation of warming her thighs gave Sam goosebumps. Slowly, he started to massage his penis, he didn't really feel comfortable going faster on the girl's lap. Bailey put her hands on Sam's shoulders, slowly beginning to caress them.
"Hey Bailey, you've been so kind to me today."Sam finally said, his eyes glued on the TV screen when the main protagonist's long cock bounced as he walked towards another naked man that presented himself eagerly.
"Oh, it's fine. What was I going to do? Leave you on the street?" Bailey replied, fully engrossed in the film before her.
"No, really, you've done more then anyone I've ever known would do." Sam said back. Now looking directly at her.
"Aww, that's so sweet of you." Bailey replied back out of obligation, she knew she did something strangely generous, but she had enjoyed the sensation of teaching and wanted more of it. Was she really being generous when she had her own selfish reasons for taking him in?
"I doubt there are very many people out there who would have done the things you've done." Sam said meaningfully.
Bailey looked into Sam' rich gray eyes. She hungrily leaned into Sam, giving him his first kiss. After what seemed like only a second, Bailey quickly pulled away from the maiden kiss.
"Let's head to the bedroom." the words had barely exited from her mouth before she lifted Sam up from under his arm pits, and placed him standing on the floor. She then stood up herself, grabbed him by the arm, and led him to the bedroom.
Once they reached there, Bailey pushed him onto the bed and climbed on top of him, kissing all over his face as she felt his smooth naked skin for the first time. Eventually, she began kissing lower onto his neck, slowly moving her way towards his lewd nipples. Clenching his fist, a high-pitched moan escaped Sam's mouth as Bailey sucked at his nipple like a straw. With a wicked smirk she began to continue down lower, licking at his tummy and around his belly button, causing him to release another squeal. Finally, she reached his cock, beginning to lightly stroke it with her warm hands, then slyly snatching at it with her tongue before putting the entire head into her mouth, going up and down, covering it with her thick saliva.
"Alright, enough of that. Now you're going to do the same technique as me, okay?" She said smirking after she had abruptly stopped. Rolling over Sam she laid on the bed, waiting for him to begin.
Sam immediately crawled on her and began kissing again as lust beat at his heart like thunder, threatening to overthrow him should he not consummate his desires. He began to lower down to Bailey's breasts and swirled his tongue around Bailey's nipple before starting to suck on it like a lollipop causing Bailey to let out a satisfying moan in a struggle to contain her infectious ardor. Sam vivaciously continued down to Bailey's tummy, copying Bailey's proficient technique. But before long, Bailey began pushing him down to her vagina. As Sam reached her vagina though, he paused, and looked up at Bailey. Giving her an expectant look, waiting for her to instruct him.
"Start licking around the clit." Bailey said, understanding the signal and spreading her legs. Sam obeyed and started to lick on her lips, circling her clitoris.
"Ah!" Bailey shivered. "Try not to touch the clit, it's too sensitive." Sam worked at his technique.
"Mmph, good boy." She said to him. "Now insert your middle finger inside my pussy, and lightly massage it." Sam fumbled with his hand before finally finding the entrance. Sam explored her entrance massaging near her clitoris.
"Ga-Good." Bailey breathlessly said. "Now insert another finger!"
Sam inserted his index finger into Bailey's snatch, causing her to give off another moan.
"Speed up!" Bailey spoke out, getting a little frustrated now.
Sam immediately began to oscillate his fingers faster, the air around them began to heat up, Bailey's vagina wrapped around Sam's fingers. She started to grind her hips against Sam's hands. Panting harder and harder until she finally orgasmed. Juices flowed down Sam's arm, as Bailey's face turned a delightful shade of red.
"Mmph, now it's your turn" Bailey got up onto San and fitted her vagina into his penis, straddling him with her bawdy hips. Her pussy clung to his erect cock while Sam whined like a kit, desperate for her warmth to cover him. Rhythmically, she thrust her hips as Sam's cock caressed her g-spot. Wet kisses covered Sam's bare neck and shoulders while Bailey's round ass sheathed Sam's cock. Lewd moans flooded out of Bailey' hot mouth as she increased the speed of her thrusts. Contrastingly, Sam was extremely nervous; he had always been taught that having sex before marriage would leave you a miserable person. His head swirled and his eye-sight clouded while sweat drops from Bailey poured onto him. Bailey continued to unravel in real time, degenerating into a hot sweaty mess, only capable of moaning. Her cries boomed out like a hammer to an anvil as her body convulsed abruptly, the sweet relief of orgasm flowing through her body like a serum.
"How was that?" Bailey asked breathlessly.
"It was great." Sam lied.
"Wow, you're still hard. Did you even cum?" Bailey questioned, realising there was no trace of semen anywhere.
"No, I was too nervous." Sam stammered out, as shame pounded at him.
"Hmm, we'll have to fix that." Bailey replied, getting up and leaving the bedroom. After a minute, she came holding a funny looking object Sam was entirely unfamiliar with.
"It's time to focus only on you now." Bailey turned on the device. It was a vibrator. Sam froze, unsure of how to react to this new object. Bailey placed it on Sam's testicles. Sam squeaked hard and started to blush deep red. He squirmed around trying to stop himself from falling apart. She slowly moved it up his shaft until it reached his his head before quickly taking it away. Sam purred as restlessness began to overtake him, primal desire overcoming any preceding inhibitions. Bailey placed it on his anus and slyly circled around it. Sam clenched onto his lip and finally gave in, grinding into the sex toy like it was his master, disregarding everything but his need to cum. A cocky smirk rooted itself onto Bailey's face before she suddenly started to jerk Sam's swollen cock as the vibrator bombarded his sensitive ass. Bailey relentlessly increased her pacing while Sam hopelessly gave in, exploding globs of cum onto his tummy.
"There you go." Bailey assured, holding him in her arms. "Let's clean this up."
After cleaning up, they collapsed onto the bed before Bailey almost immediately dozed off. Turning his head toward Bailey, he began to ponder why she had taken him in. He knew that she cared for him, but couldn't figure out why. After years of conforming to his parents' strict religious rules, struggling to keep himself contained, he realized here, he didn't have to do that anymore. He was free, literally able to seemingly do whatever he wanted.
That's it then. Sam thought. He was finally released from the imprisonment his parents set on him. He was going to thrive in this new place he found himself in, he was determined not to waste this precious opportunity.
Sam smiled and pulled up the extra blanket Bailey had lying around before closing his eyes and drifting to sleep.