Tania and I were out taking an easy casual walk together. It was a beautiful sultry sunny day during the height of summer. We were holding hands, chatting and laughing, sometimes stopping to embrace and kiss, sharing our affection freely.
I was wearing loose knee length camouflage shorts and matching baggy 't'- shirt. Tania was wearing a knee high 'A' line red summer dress. We had been publicly flirting, with the occasional grab and squeeze, slowly walking along the river bank on our way to the park.
When we arrived at the local park it was great to see lots of other couples embracing and publicly displaying their affection for each other. Sprawled out on the freshly cut grass, men and women lying around together, some sitting chatting, other's playing games, all making the most of the hot summer sun.
We bought ice cream from a little kiosk as we entered the park. Tania and I found a clear spot to settle down together. Tania sat on my knee with her back to me, as we giggled and chatted licking our creamy ice cold treats. Her dress covered most of our legs, and we sat kissing softly in between licking at our ice creams suggestively, laughing and teasing.
Tania took me by surprise, turning around and straddling me in front of everyone who could see us in the park. They could see that she was sitting on top of me, but what they couldn't see was that she had cheekily pulled the front of my shorts down, revealing my manhood. Tania was not wearing any underwear, exposing her femininity. Her smooth pussy and my shaved dick and balls deliciously pressed naked together.
It felt electric. I could feel her damp flower against my manhood. I was not erect yet, as I had not been expecting her to do this in such a public space. I soon began to feel that familiar swelling, leading to that delicious throb between my legs. My shaft did not take long to get thumping rock hard. It stretched its full length along her now creamy swollen lips.I was flustered, feeling horny. Tania had never done anything like this before. We were giggling and kissing each other gently.
I was wondering, 'just how far she was going to take this?'
It took one very delicate and incredibly quick move by Tania. Swiftly rising up, her hand darted between her legs, grabbing my stiff cock into position at the lips of her pussy, sitting her full weight on top of me, as she slid down onto my pulsing thick swollen cock. She swallowed it deep right up inside of her.
I wanted to explode inside of her right there and then. Tania's dress was hiding everything, and to any on-lookers and all the people around us in the park, we were just kissing and sitting together... with Tania on top. She could not slide up and down to ride me, because that would give the game away. Instead she just rocked back and forth teasing me. Every time she kissed me, grinding her pussy down hard on my full length. Taking me completely.
I squeezed my thighs to follow her rhythm, as our delicious public fuck unfolded in front of everyone in the park. Occasionally she would hug me, pulling me close with her arms wrapped around my shoulders, adjusting a few subtle up and down movements. Sometimes she would make out as if she was play dancing on my lap, bouncing around teasing my cock... fucking me in front of all to see.
It was so deliciously hot, I could feel my cock swelling up to the point of no return. Tania rocked herself back and forth on me, I squeezed my cock further up into her pussy until I couldn't hold myself back any longer. I exploded inside her. I completely emptied my balls in about four or five massive jolts, squirting freely. I felt Tania go tight and quiver on top of me. My cock twitched and jerked inside of her delicate pussy, flooding all my creamy juice deep inside her deliciously tight and welcoming hot little sex.
We sat there gasping for a few minutes savouring our incredible public fuck. However, we knew that we had to get up and leave the park. In a commando style move we were up, clothes sorted and on the move again. As we walked from the park, it was plain to see that all my creamy cum was running down Tania's thighs, and she was dripping wet, leaking my juice all down her sexy naked legs. We laughed as we ran back home, hoping that no-one would notice her wet legs covered with my come. What a fantastic unexpected public fuck in the park.