[All characters are 18 years or older.]


Getting Caught


A horny MILF gets caught with stepson's friends


Erotic Fiction


by


Casey Bea


Part-3


The group acts out Miss Sanchez's classroom fantasy

(A short recap from part-2)
"Son-of-a-bitch!" Sam shouted as his balls boiled over and his tightly constricted cock throbbed and shot a stream of hot cum deep in his girlfriend's throat.
"In her mouth!" Gloria repeated as she pulled back on Sam's hips. Ann took Cindy's head between her hands and pulled her back, as well. Ann put two fingers of each of her hands into Cindy's mouth and pried it open wide--not that she resisted at all. "Jerk him off!" Ann told Gloria. "Fill her nympho mouth with his hot spunk!"
Gloria was way ahead of Ann and with her naked tits pressed against Sam's back, she already had her other arm wrapped around him and her fist on his cock as she continued to mash his balls. She began jerking him off with tight, fast strokes that smacked his girlfriend's lips on one end and his bunched balls on the other. Squirt after squirt kept shooting into Cindy's open mouth as Gloria told her, "Don't you swallow that, girl! Sammy wants to share his hot seed with you, don't you, Sammy?" She punctuated the question by shoving her hips hard against his ass and tightening her hold on his balls while squeezing his cock to force another squirt into Cindy's mouth.
Sam looked down at his "sweet and innocent" girlfriend with her mouth being forced open by his mother while Miss Sanchez jerked him off into it. As his orgasm began to ebb, he saw an errant string of his cum hanging from her upper lip and an overflow of jism trickle down her chin. He had never seen anything so hot, sexy, and nasty in his life!
"Fuck yes, I want to share it, baby!" he said to Cindy. "I want to suck my hot cum right out of your pretty mouth!"
For her part, Cindy was loving the domination by the two women, and the feel of her boyfriend's cum blasting into her mouth only added to her already-insane arousal. When he said he wanted to share the pool of his own jism that filled her mouth it made her pussy leak even more.
Still holding her head and keeping her mouth pried open with her fingers, Ann pulled Cindy up from her sitting position onto her knees and maneuvered up on her knees herself. She moved in tightly behind the young girl, mashing her big tits into her back and pressing her hips against her little ass.
Gloria, equally tight behind Sam, moved her hands to the sides of his head and tilted it downward toward his shorter girlfriend. With Cindy's head tilted back, the two women pushed the youngsters' faces together. When their lips met, Ann slipped her fingers for Cindy's mouth, and said, "Suck it, Sam! Suck your hot fucking seed out of her mouth! Stick your tongues out and squish it back and forth!"
As the youngsters kissed and squished and moaned into each other's mouths, Ann and Gloria reached around them and pulled the group into a tight four-layer hug. The two women craned their necks to give each other a kiss, and then Ann said, "I hope you don't have any place to be this afternoon!"
"Shit, girl!" she replied, "I don't have any place better to be all night and most of tomorrow!"
(Part-3)
The quartet crowded into the shower where three slippery, naked female bodies and half-a-dozen hands soon had Sam's wilted dick resurrected.
As they toweled one another off, Gloria said, "I know the two of you have fucked Sammy, so now it's my turn to enjoy that wonderful, youthful cock."
Cindy looked between Sam and his mother and both of them just shrugged. Then Cindy chuckled, and said, "I'd probably be pissed, shocked, and horrified if I hadn't just been eating her pussy and letting her teach me how to deep-throat a cock with a dildo hanging out of her cunt."
"So, you have an office here in the house, don't you?" Gloria asked Ann.
"Yeah," Ann said with a laugh. "You need to check your email?"
"No. I want to use it to act out a classroom fantasy," Gloria answered. She looked at Sam, and went on, "I know you boys fantasize about fucking me--and frankly, it makes me hot as hell to imagine you guys lying naked in your beds at home jerking off your stiff young cocks while you're thinking about me. But I have fantasies about you boys, too." She looked at Cindy, and added, "And some of you girls, as well!"
As they got dressed to play their parts in Miss Sanchez's fantasy she explained the setup to them, and then they moved furniture around in the office to make it more resemble a classroom, and cleared nearly everything off of Ann's desk.
When Ann moved her monitor to a side table she turned on its built-in camera and adjusted it to view most of the room. She then set an app to record and stream the image to her phone, as well.
When everything was ready, Ann and Gloria left the room. "And... action!" Gloria said as she pulled the door closed behind her.
Playing the parts of two horny students, Sam and Cindy went into an embrace and began making out while standing near the desk where the camera could see them. Sam broke their kiss, and as himself and not part of Miss Sanchez's fantasy, he said, "I... I didn't know that you liked sex so much. I mean, you know, theoralparts. I thought that you just did it to, you know, to please me." He quickly added, "Which you sure did, by the way!"
She laughed and replied in previously-uncharacteristically crude language, "Oh, God, Ilovesucking on your cock! I thoughtyoudidn't like how I did it! And I loved when you licked my pussy, but figured that maybe you thought it was too gross so you just did it to get me wet so you could stick your fat cock up my cunt."
"No! Ilikethe taste and the feel of your pussy in my mouth!" he replied. "But with the little noises you make while I lick it I wasn't sure ifyouliked it or ifyouthought it was gross."
She laughed again, and said, "Oh, I liked it! And I didn't think it was gross! I liked it when you kissed me while you were fucking me and I could taste my pussy on your lips!"
A sexual-shiver driven by her raw language and her unleashed nastiness ran through him and he held her tightly while he kissed her hard. He pushed his hands down inside the back of her shorts and grabbed her tight little ass cheeks. He then hooked the elastic waistband with his thumbs and pushed them down.
She responded by putting her hands between them, unfastening his pants button, and pulling down his fly. A moment later, his pants and her shorts were around their ankles and he was pulling her halter top off over her head. Naked, she lifted his polo shirt up over his chest, he grabbed it, yanked it off, and threw it across the room.

***

In the other room, as Ann and Gloria watched the two kids strip their clothes off so fast, Ann laughed and commented, "That was hardly worth them getting dressed for."
"Oh, I disagree!" Gloria said. "I think watching two young people getting impatiently naked with each other is hot as hell! I'm frigging wet just fromthat!"

***

In a naked embrace with his stiff cock rubbing her drenched pussy, Sam walked Cindy back against the desk then lifted her cute ass up onto the edge. He sank to his knees as he pushed her legs apart and then put his open mouth over her pussy. He sucked and then slid his tongue deep between the warm, wet lips and licked from bottom to top. At the top, he wiggled the tip of his tongue around on her clit.
She sucked in a deep breath, and groaned, "Oh, Jesus, baby! That's the kind of cunt-eating I've been hoping for!"
He responded by rocking and bobbing his head, smearing her pussy-juice all over his face while he shoved his tongue as deep into her cunt-hole as he could.
"Use your fingers, baby!" she told him. "Shove two fingers up my cunt and jerk me off while you suck! Oh, fuck, baby, make my nasty little cunt cum in your mouth!"
The filthy, commanding language from his demure little girlfriend threw gasoline on his arousal as he ate her pussy while finger-fucking her at the same time. His boner twitched and drooled as what would be his third orgasm of the day began to build in his balls. He was looking forward to a nice long build-up.
Thirty seconds later, Cindy had a white-knuckle grip on the edge of the desk as her pussy contracted and she blew a fierce load of hot pussy-juice into her boyfriend's mouth and all over his face and fist.
As she came down off of her orgasm-high, she pulled Sam up so she could kiss his drenched lips and face. After savoring the taste of her own pussy-juice she broke the kiss and said, "Now, my turn! You sit here on Miss Sanchez's desk and let me suck your fat cock!" They traded positions, and while still standing, she looked him in the eyes as she stroked his pre-cum drool down the length of his dick, and said, "And then you're going to fuck me right there on her desk! Miss Sanchez will wonder what the hell she's smelling when she gets back, and she'll wonder why it makes herGlorious Gloriapussy wet!"

***

In the next room, Gloria laughed at innocent little Cindy's wickedness, and said, "I wish thatwasmy desk! I'd never spray it with Pledge again!"

***

Sam stood with his feet apart and his ass on the edge of the desk as Cindy went to he knees and took his wet knob in her mouth. She locked her lips around its ridge and sucked as she washed it with her tongue. She then began bobbing up and back two-thirds of his boner with her fist wrapped around it following her lips. His head lolled back, his eyes closed, and he let out a long, low moan at the fantastic feeling. Then her fist was gone and he felt her hands on the backs of his legs, and he opened his eyes and looked down at his girlfriend, pretty sure of what was coming.
She gave his knob a slobbery suck and then drove her head forward. His fat cock-head speared into her throat faster than her gag-reflex could react and she kept pushing until her face was pressed against his belly.
"Holy fuck!" he growled at the awesome combination of feeling the tight constriction of his girlfriend's throat on his cock and the sight of her face pressed against his stomach. If he had remembered that his mother and Miss Sanchez were watching from the other room that would have added yet another level to the combination, but with the limited blood-flow to his brain there was only so much he could process at one time.
Cindy remained impaled on her boyfriend's cock for ten or fifteen seconds, then as she'd learned from Sam's mother, she pulled back quickly, extracting his dick without the slightest gag. She looked up at him as her tongue teased his cock-cleft and a web of spit connected his knob to her lips. She then said, "Andthat'sthe kind of cock-suck I've been hoping for!"
She took his hands from the edge of the desk and put them on her head. "Fuck my mouth, baby!" she told him. "Shove your fat cock in and out of my mouth and right down my throat!"
He stood up from leaning against the desk, moved one hand to her face and gently closed her mouth. With the other hand, he held his dick and rubbed his cock-head across her closed lips. But then, rather than rocking forward and sticking his cock into her mouth, he bent down and gave her a steaming kiss on lips now smeared with throat-slime and pre-cum. When he broke the kiss and the web of slime that connected their lips, he said, "God, baby, I love you!" He then stood, put his hands on both sides of her head, and lined up her mouth on his cock. Then he pulled her slowly toward him, feeling her lips part over his knob then feeling her tongue press against its underside as his boner went deeper and deeper into her mouth.
With half of his dick in her mouth he held her head still and began rocking his hips, fucking her mouth as she'd told him to. And that shehadtold him--in no uncertain terms!--added an element to the simple blowjob that rocked Sam's brain.
He had put his dick in Cindy's mouth before and he had gotten a full-fledgedblowjobfrom his mother. But that was after he'd discovered that she was a practicing MILF having watched her suck off two of his buddies. And Miss Sanchez had sucked his cock, but he'd had so many fantasies aboutherthat it didn't seem out of character when she took his dick in her mouth. But this was his sweet, shy and innocent, petite little girlfriend who seemed not to even like sex very much. Discovering that she had apparently been hiding a wanton slut-side and that she was as much of a perverted sex-addict as he was blew his mind. And if it hadn't been for two previous orgasms it would have blown his load, as well.
As her boyfriend stood in front of her fucking her mouth with his hard cock--just as she'd told him to!--Cindy marveled at the change that she'd undergone in the past couple of hours. When she'd dropped by unexpectedly to see Sam, she had been a sexually frustrated good-girl whose boyfriend "obviously" didn't like sex as much as she did. Now, those good-girl constraints had been torn to shreds and the horny nympho who'd been locked inside was free! She had eaten both her boyfriend's mother's cunt and her sexy swim coach's! She had been taught how to take a fat cock down her throat without gagging, and she had taken a dildo--and arealcock-head--up her ass! To top it all off, she had happily discovered that her "sexually reserved" boyfriend was just as much of a horny pervert as she was! Shit! He was even a literal mother-fucker!
As Sam fucked her mouth she was making wet littleuck,uck,ucksounds with each poke that made her seem downright slutty. He absolutely loved it!
She was about to try to tell him around his cock to stick it in her throat when she felt his fingers tighten on her head and she correctly guessed that the same thought had occurred to him, as well.
Intuitively, it would have seemed logical to push his dick into his girlfriend's throat slowly so as not to hurt her, in much the same way that Miss Sanchez had gently forced his cock-head into her ass. But he remembered his mother's words to Cindy when he had been standing in the doorway watching her shove her rubber dildo down his girlfriend's throat. "The trick is speed, sweetheart," she had told her. And he also remembered that when both his mother and Miss Sanchez had taken him downtheirthroats they had done it quickly.
Sam pulled on Cindy's head and rocked his hips forward at the same time and his cock speared into the tight restriction of her throat without the slightest convulsion from her. Not only did she not gag, her reaction was to grab the backs of his legs and force her lips into his pubic hair and drive another inch of his cock down her gullet.
"Holy shit, baby!" he growled and pulled on the back of her head even harder, mashing her face into his belly.
After ten or fifteen seconds of being impaled, Cindy pushed on his thighs, he released her head, and she pulled rapidly off of his cock. She took a couple of deep breaths and then smiled up at him with spit and slime on her lips and chin, and said, "You like that, baby? Do you like that I'm a cock-sucking--cock-throating!--little slut?"
He answered by bending down and giving her a hungry, passionate kiss on her sloppy lips, and then saying, "I fucking love you so much, baby!" He then stood up, playfully whacked his slimy cock-head against her lips, and said, "Let's do that again! That was fucking amazing!"
She took his knob in her mouth, bobbed on it a few times, and holding his legs she drove her face hard into his stomach. "Holy shit!" he repeated as he looked down at her.
"What the fuck is going on here?" a loud voice suddenly demanded for the doorway.
Lost in throes of hot, nasty sex, both Cindy and Sam had completely forgotten that they were acting out part of Miss Sanchez's classroom fantasy and were genuinely startled by her voice. Instinctively, as if they'd really been caught, Cindy pulled off of Sam's cock and spun around as she stood up, throwing one arm across her tits and a hand over her pussy. Sam put both hands on his glistening boner and tried to push it down.
Gloria couldn't have been more pleased with how surprised they were acting; it fit perfectly with her fantasy. "Put your hands at your sides, both of you!" she commanded. She looked at Cindy's cute little-girl tits with their tiny perky nipples, then down across her flat belly to her unshaven nest of soft red cunt hair. She looked over at Sam's stiff cock, shiny with throat slime, sticking straight out.
"Did you two really think that because the school was closed for spring break that you could just come in here and use my classroom to fuck?" Miss Sanchez said as she stood with her arms across her chest. "I could have you both expelled and probably even arrested!"
"Please, Miss Sanchez!" Cindy begged. "We're sorry. We'll get dressed and leave, but please don't turn us in!"
"Please?" Sam implored. "I'm getting ready to graduate."
Miss Sanchez put a finger to her lips and tapped thoughtfully as she looked back and forth between the two naked teenagers. "I might be persuaded," she finally said. "But you'll have to do exactly what I tell you to do. Agreed?"
They looked at each other and then Cindy said in a very apprehensive tone, "Like what?"
"Well, first off," their teacher replied, "go back to what you were doing. I want to watch you on your knees sucking his fat cock!"
Cindy acted surprised and horrified that her teacher and swim-coach would use such language or would ever demand such a thing.
"Don't pretend to be all shocked and offended!" Miss Sanchez said sternly, "I saw you with his dick down your throat you skinny little slut! Now, get on your knees and swallow his cock while I watch!"
Cindy pretended to be intimidated, but her cunt was on frigging fire at Miss Sanchez's domination.
She slowly lowered herself to her knees and Miss Sanchez moved over close to them. She grabbed a handful of Cindy's hair and told the girl, "Close your mouth!" She then took Sam's cock in her other hand, stroked up and down its length using Cindy's throat-slime as lube, then she rubbed its drooling knob across the girl's lips, cheeks, and nose.
"Open up!" she said, finally, and when Cindy obeyed, Miss Sanchez pushed her head forward onto her boyfriend's cock, shoving it right down her throat. Holding her impaled she cupped her other hand under the girl's neck and stroked the bulge that Sam's hard cock was making. She let out a little laugh, and said, "I am so glad I had to come in today for my phone charger! I've had fantasies about you, little one, since I saw your cute little ass and your wonderful little tits being hugged by a tight, wet swimsuit."
She pulled her head back off of Sam's cock then bent down and kissed Cindy's sloppy lips. After the long, steaming kiss, Miss Sanchez straightened up, and said to Sam, "Fuck her little slut mouth while I watch!"
While Sam held his girlfriend's head and rocked his hips jabbing his dick between her lips, Miss Sanchez unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it open to expose her braless tits. Sam had just seen her completely naked, of course, but the sight of her in "school attire" with her blouse spread open and framing those fantastic tits that he had jerked-off thinking about pushed fantasy buttons for him and he found himself mouth-fucking his girlfriend while thinking about doing it to his teacher.
As if reading his mind, Miss Sanchez took Cindy by the arm, pulled her off Sam's cock and up onto her feet. "Now, it'smyturn!" she said. She pulled her tight skirt up, exposing her bare ass, and went into a squat in front of Sam. She took his big knob in her mouth and set her teeth lightly into the neck of his cock just behind it. She lapped the squishy mushroom for a short while, and then pulled her mouth off with apop!
"I'll bet you've dreamed about doing that, haven't you, Sam?" she taunted him. "Sticking your fat, wet boner in my mouth. All of you boys would like to do that, wouldn't you?"
"I... um... I..." he stammered only half acting. Every guy had a fantasy about getting a blowjob fromGlorious Gloria, but he didn't know thatsheknew it!
"Well, I have my fantasies, too!" she said and took his cock in her mouth and began bobbing.
"Oh fuck!" he groaned and put his hands on her head to keep her going.
When she suddenly pulled off of his dick, he pulled his hands back and said, "Sorry! Sorry! I won't touch you!"
"Oh, you can grab my head," she replied, "but do it like you mean it! Pull me in and shove that cock down my throat! You're skinny little girlfriend isn't the only one with gag control!"
He reached for her head, but she turned away to look back at Cindy just as he did. "You, get on your back and crawl under me! Put your face right under my pussy. I want you to eat my cunt while your boyfriend fucks my mouth!"
On her back, Cindy slid between Miss Sanchez's legs as she squatted in front of Sam. She looked up at her naked pussy, soaked with arousal and lifted her head to lick its dark, wavy labia. Miss Sanchez moaned and then squatted lower, mashing her pussy into Cindy's face and pinning her head to the floor. She then began rocking her hips to cunt-fuck the young girl's face.
Sam stood open-mouthed looking down as his Spanish teacher ground her wet cunt into his girlfriend's face. Miss Sanchez looked up at him, took his boner in her fist, and said, "I believe you had an assignment, Sam!" She put his dick in her mouth and a moment later she felt his hands on her head. A moment after that, her throat was stretched open by a fat youthful cock.
He pulled her face hard against his belly and shifted his hips to drive every millimeter of his cock down her throat. "Oh, my fucking God!" he groaned. He looked past Miss Sanchez's head, impaled on his boner, and saw his girlfriend's face, glistening with pussy-juice, appear and disappear as their teacher continued to rock her hips and squash her sopping wet cunt across her face from chin to forehead.
Miss Sanchez pulled back and extracted Sam's dick from her throat, but it never left her mouth. She then began giving him a sucking, lapping, bobbing blowjob.
Looking down at the unreal sight of his cock going in and out of glorious Miss Sanchez's lips, Sam summoned the courage to ask, "Can I, um, maybe, you know, fuck you?"
Gloria pulled off his dick with apop!, slid her wet pussy back off of Cindy's face, and looked down at the girl. "What doyouthink, little one? Do you want to watch your boyfriend stick his stiff cock up your swim-coach's cunt? Do you want to see him fuck me right on my desk?"
"Oh, shit, yes!" Cindy answered as she felt her pussy leak.
Gloria stood up and as she reached down to help Cindy to her feet, she said, "Well, me first! I want to see what the two of you came here to do. I want to watch that fat cock stretch your tiny little cunt wide open!"
She pulled the girl into an embrace with one hand on her back and pinched one then the other of her little nipples with the other as she kissed her pussy-soaked mouth.
When she broke the kiss, she said, "But it occurs to me that you haven't received your punishment yet for breaking in here."
"We didn't break in!" Sam protested adlibbing in character.
"No!" Cindy added. "The gym door is never locked!" That was a fact.
"Don't talk back!" Miss Sanchez snapped. "Both of you lean over the desk! Do it now!"
Punishmentwas not a part of the classroom fantasy that Gloria had outlined, and Sam and Cindy looked at each other a bit nervously as they bent over and put their forearms on the desk to support themselves.
In fact, it was an added bit that had only occurred to Gloria when she noticed an item hanging from a hook behind Ann's desk. It was a vintage wooden yardstick about an inch and a half wide and a quarter of an inch thick. Along with the inch and fraction marks it had the Coke-a-Cola logo and their catchphrase, "It's The Real Thing!" printed on it.
She lifted it from its hook, held it about in its middle, and lightly patted its end against her palm as she walked back around behind the two bent-over youngsters. They looked at each other even more nervously. Cindy had gotten her naked ass slapped by Miss Sanchez in the bedroom, but that was with her hand; this was a friggingboard! Sam had slapped his mother's ass in the kitchen, but he hadn't been on the receiving end of a spanking since he was a kid. And never with a three-foot stick!
They needn't have worried. If Gloria had held the yardstick by its end and put some force into her swing she could probably have drawn blood with the thing, but she knew her way around paddling--giving and receiving--and had a firm grasp of the pain/pleasure paradox.

***

Ann was watching intently from the other room, gently rubbing her pussy through her slacks, impatiently waiting for her entrance. The punishment thing was obviously a spur-of-the-moment addition and although it postponed her involvement in the fantasy, she was curious to see how the two kids were going to react to getting their asses paddled. Ann looked at Gloria with her blouse pulled open showing off her naked tits and her skirt hiked up around her waist putting her full, round ass and her hairy pussy on display. She looked every bit the part of a dominating, oversexed, slut teacher!

***

Miss Sanchez stood behind Cindy and gently touched the end of the paddle to one cheek of her naked ass. The girl flinched at the contact, but then relaxed as her teacher simply slid the piece of cool wood over both of her smooth, white cheeks. Then she lifted it about six inches and brought it down with a quick flick of the wrist.
Cindy let out a startled yelp and instinctively pulled away, but as the crisp shot of pain shot an electric charge to her pussy, she moaned and stuck her ass back out.
The smack of the paddle felt so much different than Miss Sanchez's hand had felt landing on her ass. Her hand had stung a more broad and soft-edged area, where the end of the yardstick lit up a concentrated little rectangle. And the hand-slap had faded quickly, while she continued to feel the burn from the paddle well after it was lifted away. When Miss Sanchez moved the yardstick to her other cheek and made taunting little circles with it, Cindy was a bit relieved; she wasn't sure that she could take another smack on the same intensely-burning spot.
Miss Sanchez lifted the paddle a short distance and brought it down with another crisp wrist-flick. "Oh, Jesus!" Cindy moaned as her pussy leaked from the twin burns.
Gloria looked at the two red rectangles on Cindy's darling little white ass and smiled. Not everyone could take a stinging slap like that and be aroused by it. The young girl was living up to every fantasy the older woman had ever had about her. She reached down and lightly traced her fingers over the first spot, and felt its warmth and its slight swelling from the inrush of blood to the abused area. She then drew her fingernails across the tender spot, and as Cindy moaned, she asked, "Have we learned our lesson?"
"Yes, Miss Sanchez! I won't do this again!" Cindy replied.
"Do what?" her dominating teacher said as she scratched her nails across the other spot.
"Sneak into your classroom to fuck my boyfriend!" the girl answered.
Good!" she said and gave each of the spots a little pat with her hand. They were still sensitive enough that even the light swat sent a wonderful electric buzz to Cindy's pussy.
Miss Sanchez then moved behind Sam while tapping her palm with the yardstick. He looked back at her and swallowed hard.
"Face the wall!" she told him. He did and she could see his ass-cheeks tense up in anticipation of her first blow. But she didn't land it right away. She had always found that surprise added a certain "crispness" to the sting of the first slap.
"Whose idea was it to come in here and fuck in my classroom?" she demanded.
"It was mine!" Sam answered. "I talked her into it. Please don't hit her again."
"How very chivalrous of you," their teacher taunted. Still tapping the paddle against her palm, she said, "Whymyclassroom, Sam? Why did you bring her in here to have her suck your cock? Why not the locker room? Why not Mr. Klein's room? Is there something aboutmyroom that makes you horny? Maybe you've had fantasies aboutmesucking your dick while you were supposed to be conjugating your Spanish verbs. Could that be it?"
"I... I'm sorry, Miss Sanchez!" he answered. "But... but all the guys have, you know,thoughtsabout you. You're just so beautiful!"
She gave a slightly evil chuckle, and said, "Flattery isn't going to save your ass, but I do thank you for the compliment. So, have you ever jerked off thinking about me, Sam? Have you ever pulled on your boner pretending you were shoving it up my cunt?"
He hesitated a moment before admitting in front of his girlfriend and his Spanish teacher that he secretly jerked off fantasizing about her. Considering that he and his girlfriend were naked and bent over a desk; that Miss Sanchez was provocatively semi-naked in a hot dom fashion; that he had just had his cock down both of their throats; and that he knew his mother was watching the whole thing from the other room, his embarrassment was truly weird.
"Yes," he finally said meekly.
"I didn't hear you, Sam!" Miss Sanchez said. "Speak up!"
"Yes!" he repeated louder. "I've jerked off thinking about fucking..."
She cut him off when she brought the yardstick down hard on his right ass-cheek from about a foot away.
"Jesus!" he yelped and sucked in his ass. The surprise crack of pain shot an adrenaline explosion to seemingly every muscle in his body, but a second later, it all seemed to turn back around and refocus directly to his groin making his stiff cock throb and release a drool of pre-cum. He sucked in a deep breath and pushed his ass back out, steeling himself against--but actually looking forward to--the smack he knew was coming on his left cheek.
Experience on both ends of a paddle told Gloria exactly how long to wait for the sharp sting of the first smack to become a glowing burn before landing the second. It seemed an eternity to Sam as he lay there bent over the desk with his cock pointing at the floor and dripping pre-cum, but it was really less than ten seconds before his other cheek lit up with the crack of the yardstick.
"Shit!" he growled and then waited the few seconds for the shock waves to ricochet through his body and back to his cock. As the crack of pain settled into a searing burn--that somehow felt good--he looked over at Cindy who wore a look of concern.
"Are you okay?" she asked. From the sounds of the two smacks, she was pretty sure that Miss Sanchez had hit him a lot harder than her.
"Yeah," he answered. "But, holy shit, how can anything that hurts so..."
He was cut off with a lighter tap on his first red and swollen spot. "No talking!" Miss Sanchez demanded.
"Sorry," he said as his dick throbbed.
Miss Sanchez stood back and drew the end of the yardstick across Sam's two tender patches, its sharp edge scratching over the sensitive flesh. When she lifted the stick from his ass, he anticipated getting another smack, but instead, she moved the paddle over to Cindy's ass and repeated the same edge-scratch onherstill-tender spots.
"So, have we learned our lesson about breaking into school property?" Miss Sanchez said as she tapped her palm again.
"Yes, Miss Sanchez!" Cindy answered.
"Oh, yeah!" Sam said. "I'm going to rememberthatlesson for a lot longer than conjugated verbs!"
"Good!" she said and laid the yardstick across the desk. She then went into a squat behind Cindy, ran her hands soothingly over her abused cheeks, and pushed her face into her ass-crack. She ran her tongue up through her soaked pussy-lips, over her tiny little pucker, and all the way up her crack until it disappeared along her spine. She then went back down and began eating the young girl's cunt while she scratched at her tender red spots with her nails.
Cindy pushed her arms out across the desk and lowered her chest onto the cool wood surface while keeping her legs straight and her ass high. The shift rotated her hips giving her coach better access to her pussy. With her head lying on the desk and her eyes contentedly closed, Cindy moaned, "Oh, God, Miss Sanchez, you're going to make me cum again!"
Miss Sanchez dug her nails into the girl's red spots and lifted her mouth just enough to say, "Do it, you little slut! Cum in my face and get your tight, young cunt nice and wet to take Sammy's fat cock! That's what you came in here for, isn't it? To get your horny little cunt fucked!"
"Yes!" Cindy moaned. "And... and so I could think of you while he did it! I think you're so beautiful, Miss Sanchez!"
"Oh! So itwasyou who decided to break in here and fuck in my classroom!" Miss Sanchez said and gave the young girl's ass a crisp slap on top of one of her tender spots.
"Ow!" Cindy yelped, but then replied forcefully, "Yes! Yes, I wanted Sam to fuck my cunt on your desk so I could leave my cum all over it and you'd get horny every time you smelled it! So you'd get as horny thinking aboutmycunt as I get thinking aboutyours!"
Miss Sanchez gave Cindy's other cheek a matching slap and as she stood up, she said, "Well, let's just make your filthy little fantasy come true!" She lifted the girl's legs and spun her over onto her back then pushed her back across the desk so her ass was on its surface near the edge. "You!" she said to Sam. "Go around the other side and hold her legs up! I'm going to make your horny little girlfriend's cunt flood my desk with her hot cum!"
With her legs up and spread apart, Miss Sanchez mashed her face into the young girl's drenched pussy, shook it back and forth, and then drove her tongue as deep into her cunt-hole as she could force it. She tongue-fucked her over and over, bobbing her head and smacking her face into her pussy-lips with each bob.
She knew that Cindy was already close to another orgasm when she flipped her over, so it came as no surprise that her aggressive cunt-eating brought it to a boil quickly. The girl's body language, breathing, and moaning told Gloria that she was getting ready to cum, but there was something odd about her moans. When she looked up from the girl's pussy, she saw that Sam had taken advantage of his girlfriend's over-the-desk position and had his cock stuffed in her mouth.
"Pinch her little titties!" Miss Sanchez commanded Sam and then put her mouth back over the girl's pussy. She then ground her tongue against her clit and jammed two fingers up her cunt. Her pussy erupted almost instantly and Miss Sanchez kept jabbing her fingers up the gushing hole making squirt after squirt of the girl's hot pussy-juice run down her ass and onto the desk. Gloria wished that itwasher desk, not just a fantasy-fulfilling stand it. She would love to smell the aroma of hot, young cunt every morning as she started class.
"What the fuck is going on here?" Ann demanded loudly from the doorway. The three were so completely lost in their real three-way that they had forgotten about the fantasy and about "Mrs. Ward" the school's vice-principal coming in to catch them. They all jumped at the sound of her voice, and Ann had a hard time stifling a laugh to stay in character.
Sam pulled his dick from Cindy's mouth and tried to hide it with his hands. Miss Sanchez spun around and stood up, pulling her blouse closed and pushing her skirt down, and Cindy sat up then slipped her wet ass off the desk to stand there trying to cover her tits and pussy with her hands. All three just stared at Mrs. Ward who stood with her arms folded across her chest looking very angry.
"I knew you were fucking the faculty, you slut," she said to the disheveled Spanish teacher, "but I never thought you were so horny that you'd feel the need to do it with yourstudents! I can have you fired and arrested for this!" She looked at the two kids with their well-acted deer-in-the-headlights look, and added, "And the two of you should be expelled and probably arrested, too!"
"No! Please, Mrs. Ward!" Miss Sanchez begged. "Maybe... maybe I could offer you some kind ofinducementto not turn me in?"
Mrs. Ward looked her up and down. Her blouse was unbuttoned all the way to where it was tucked into her tight skirt, and although it was pulled together, it was clear that she wasn't wearing a bra. She had managed to pull her skirt down in the front enough to cover her pussy, but it was still bunched up at the back exposing the round cheeks of her curvaceous Latina butt.
Finally, Mrs. Ward replied, "Whatkindof inducement?"
"Anything! I'll do anything you want!" Miss Sanchez answered.
Mrs. Ward looked at the kids, and said, "And how about you? Are you willing to do anything I say to keep from getting thrown out of school and joining your slut teacher in a jail cell?"
"Yes!" they both answered and nodded vigorously.
That was about where they'd left off the planning of the fantasy. From there on, Ann was going freestyle.
"Take off your clothes," Mrs. Ward told Miss Sanchez, then quickly added, "No!" She looked at Cindy and Sam, and said, "You two take her clothes off. Let's imagine that your whole class is here watching! Strip your horny, slut teacher naked in front of her whole class!"
That hadn't been part of Gloria's classroom fantasy, but the thought made her pussy leak.
Tauntingly, Mrs. Ward asked the phantom class, "Who wants to see Miss Sanchez's big tits and hairy pussy? How many want to watch her get her horny cunt fucked right on her own desk?" She paused a moment, then added, "Oh, look at the show of hands! Even the girls want to see that!"
As Cindy slid her teacher's blouse down her arms, Sam unraveled her skirt at the back and worked it down over her ass so he could unzip it. He then slid it to the floor and she stepped out of it leaving her bare-ass naked "in front of her class."
Making a circular motion with her finger, Mrs. Ward said, "Do a little turn so everyone can see the body that they've all had fantasies about."
Gloria did as she was told while imagining what it would be like toreallybe exposed and dominated in front of a room full of kids thatshehad had fantasies about. Her pussy tingled and her juices ran down her legs.
When she had completed her turn, Mrs. Ward told her, "Sit your naked ass on the edge of the desk and spread your legs. Let everyone get a good look at your pussy." When she was in position--sitting in Cindy's puddle of pussy-juice--Mrs. Ward told Sam, "Get down on your knees in front of her and lick her cunt! Make sure she's nice and wet for when you shove your cock up there!"
Ann knew that Gloria wouldn't need any additional wetness; she could see that her pussy was drenched already. But she was also quite sure that eating his sexy Spanish teacher's cunt would have been at or near the top of Sam's fantasy list.
Sam's boner bobbed and drooled as he lowered himself and put his hands on the insides of Miss Sanchez's smooth, dark-skinned thighs. For a moment, he just looked at the naked, wet pussy in front of his face; the pussy he had fantasized about so often. It was so different from his girlfriend's. Hers had pink lips covered by fine red hair; Miss Sanchez's were dark and shaven smooth. Cindy's pussy-lips closed together hiding the soft folds within, where their teacher's cunt was flared open slightly, like a long, narrow flower, exposing her wavy labia.
He leaned in and lapped slowly from the edge of her pucker brown asshole all the way up through her soaked lips until his lips were nuzzled into the big scratchy patch of wiry black hair that covered the top half of her pussy-mound and went partway to her belly.
He then lowered his face between her legs, covered her pussy with his open mouth, and began flicking and wiggling his tongue through the soft, wet folds.
Gloria sucked in her breath and let out a long moan that was anything but acting. Her pussy was on fire from the whole taboo fantasy they were acting out, soanycontact would have lit her orgasm-fuse, but the kid was actually quite good at cunt-eating. Cindy had bemoaned the fact that he didn't eat her pussy long enough or well enough, so he must haveimagineddoing this a lot to get this good without actual practice.
If it hadn't been for his two previous orgasms, Sam couldn't have lickedGlorious Gloria'scunt for more than twenty seconds before his cock would have spurted all on its own.
Ann watched her stepson devouring his hot Spanish teacher's cunt, and then she looked at Cindy standing there staring intently as her boyfriend rocked and bobbed his head, mashing his face into and all over Miss Sanchez's drenched pussy. Ann had the same thoughts that Gloria was having about Cindy's comment that Sam didn't like eating her pussy very much and she wondered if the girl might feel a bit jealous of the vigorous cunt-eating he was giving her swim coach.
She needn't have worried. Cindy's pussy was tingling and drooling knowing now that her boyfriend quite obviouslydidlike eating pussy and that she would be the recipient of his evident talents long after Miss Sanchez was gone.
As Mrs. Ward unbuttoned her own blouse, she told Cindy, "Lean over there, and kiss her! Kiss her pretty lips while your boyfriend eats her pussy! Play with her tits, too. Pinch her fat nipples! Look how stiff they are! She's so frigging horny from letting her whole class watch her get her pussy eaten! What a goddamned slut!"
Cindy locked her mouth over her coach's and as they sucked, chewed, and danced their tongues together, she took hold of one of her stiff nipples and pinched it hard before giving it a twisting, stretching pull.
"Oh fuck!" Miss Sanchez moaned into the girl's mouth as her cunt erupted into her boyfriend's.
"Well,thatprobably has you wet enough to fuck!" Mrs. Ward said as Sam slurped and swallowed his teacher's hot, salty pussy-juice, living a dream he never imagined would ever come true.
Miss Sanchez was panting as her pussy spasmed and as she tried to catch her breath around Cindy's still-kissing lips, she managed to say, "Oh, God, yes! Tell him to fuck me, Mrs. Ward!Please!"
By that time, Mrs. Ward had removed all of her outer clothes and was standing there in her three-inch high heels, a black shelf-bra that left her big nipples exposed, and a matching black garter belt that held up charcoal stockings. She stepped closer and tugging on a shock of Sam's hair, she said, "You, stand up!" She reach out and grabbed one of Cindy's nipples, and pulled downward while she told the girl, "You get on your knees and suck his cock! Make sure it's nice and wet so you can stick it in your coach's cunt!"
Cindy went down and eagerly sucked her boyfriend's drooling knob then bobbed on his cock a few times before shoving forward and driving it down her throat.
"Well, aren't you the talented little slut!" Mrs. Ward said and put her hand on the back of the girl's head to keep her impaled. "Do you eat cunt as well as you suck cock?"
Unable to speak with a throat full of dick and her face mashed into her boyfriend's pubes, Cindy shruggedI don't know.
"Well, we're going to find out!" Mrs. Ward said and pulled the youngster's head off the cock. "But first things first!" She tugged her to her feet and told her, "Now, line that slimy dick up on your coach's wet cunt! But just rub his knob around in her sloppy gash! Tease her. Tease her like she likes to tease her class with her tight ass-hugging skirts and her flimsy bras that don't even hide her nipples when they're hard.
Miss Sanchez sat on the edge of her desk, her ass soaked with her own and Cindy's cum, and spread her legs as wide as she could. She was panting in anticipation as the young girl led her boyfriend to her pussy by his rock-hard boner.
With her fist around his shaft, she mashed his cock-head into Miss Sanchez's flower-petal pussy, and then pulled it up and down through the soft, wet slit.
"Do you want this, Miss Sanchez?" Cindy asked in a forceful tone. "Do you want to feel my boyfriend's hard cock get pushed deep up your cunt-hole? Huh? Is that what you want?"
When Ann told Cindy to tease her coach she had meant with Sam's dick in her pussy. That the youngster was throwing in verbal taunting took the tease to an even better level.
Gloria had the same reaction as Ann to Cindy's misunderstanding, but she, too, was thrilled with Cindy's filthy assertiveness.
"Yes!" Miss Sanchez answered. "Tell him to shove his fat cock up my cunt! Tell him to fuck me right in front of the whole class! Show everybody what a fucking slut I am!"
But Cindy pulled her boyfriend's cock away from Miss Sanchez's pussy altogether, just as her coach had done to her in the bedroom, earlier.
"Maybe he should fuck your tight little asshole first!" Cindy said as she rubbed Sam's knob against her pucker. "Thatwould show everybody what kind of a cock-hungry slut you are, wouldn't it?"
"Oh, please!" Miss Sanchez begged, only half acting. "Let him fuck my cunt first! It is on frigging fire! I need a fat cock up my cunt, please!"
Cindy pulled up on Sam's boner and forced half of his knob into Miss Sanchez's sphincter. "You promise? You promise you'll take his big cock up your ass if I let him fuck you?"
"Yes! Please! I'll let every boy in the whole class fuck my ass, only just shove his cock up my cunt and make me cum!"
Cindy pulled Sam's drooling knob up across Miss Sanchez's taint and squashed it into her soaked pussy-lips again. Only this time, she didn't tease. She lined him up on her coach's cunt-hole and shoved against his ass to bury his boner balls-deep in one push.
"Oh, fuck!" Miss Sanchez groaned.
"Holy shit!" Sam growled as reality eclipsed every fantasy he had ever had even if they were all combined. There he stood, bare ass naked with his sweet and innocent girlfriend pushing on his ass to drive his super-hard cock up his Spanish teacher's--and her swim coach's--cunt while his mother--dressed in domination lingerie--stood to the side with her camera in front of her filming the whole thing.
Cindy slapped his ass and growled in his ear, "Fuck her, Sammy! Fuck that slutty cunt and make her cum all over your cock! Then you're going to feed it to her so she can taste her own cunt-juice!"
Sam moaned and began rocking his hips as hard and fast as he could. He reached under Miss Sanchez's legs to hold them up, but also to keep her from sliding across the wet desk and he hammered into her.
"Oh, my fucking God!" Miss Sanchez shouted as her cunt contracted around Sam's driving cock and erupted with a torrent of hot cum.
"Oh, shit, yes!" he growled and drove even harder against the increased resistance. The culmination of every fantasy he'd ever had or hoped to have, plus the tightness and wetness of his hot Spanish teacher's gushing cunt, plus his girlfriend slapping his naked ass, was more than enough to overcome the drain that his two previous orgasms had put on him, and he groaned, "I'm going to fucking cum!"
Cindy pulled on Sam's hips to yank his cock from Miss Sanchez's still-spasming pussy, grabbed her by the hair and slid her ass of the desk, then forced her to her knees. "Jerk off in her face!" she told Sam. "Squirt your hot cum all over her pretty face so everybody can see what a slut she is!"
Wet with cunt-juice, Sam hammered away on his cock with his gorgeous teacher's face just inches from his leaking knob. "Oh, shit!" Sam grunted as the first spurt of cum shot from his cock and straight into her mouth.
"All over her face!" Cindy commanded. "Paint her face with your sticky cum!"
His third orgasm of the day was no record-breaker in force or volume, but God it felt good! By the time he squeezed his last drops of jism onto Miss Sanchez's nose, his nuts actually ached.
Lost in the filthy depravity, all four of them jumped at the deep male voice that came from the doorway.
"Is this a private party or can anyone join in?" the man said.
They all spun around, but only Sam and Ann recognized him, and only Ann--after a few seconds to regroup her thoughts--knew why he was there.
He was Sam and Ann's next-door neighbor, Marty, who had stepped up as a handyman to fix things around Ann's house after her husband passed away. Unknown to Sam, he had also been the other man in Ann and her husband's first MMF three-way.
He was there because she had asked him to drop over when it was convenient and look at a leaking bathroom faucet. That had completely slipped her mind when she ran into Gloria at the store earlier and invited her back to the house.
"This, um, this probably looks pretty messed up, huh?" Ann said.
Marty had seen her naked, of course, when he had had sex with her and her husband, but standing there in heels and blackMistress-of-the-Nightlingerie made her look even sexier. Her son stood there with both hands over his finally-limp dick; a cute and skinny redhead stood with her hands over her little-girl tits and her pussy; and a gorgeous dark-skinned woman with cum all over her face got up from a squatting position to face him, making no attempt to cover her full, stiff-nippled tits or the wide triangular patch of black hair that covered her pussy-mound.
"Actually,whateverit is, it looks like a lot offun!" he replied. As he pulled down his zipper, he added, "But it seems like poor Sam is terribly outnumbered. You want some help here, buddy?"
Please take a moment to vote and to leave a comment!
You can also send me a personal note, directly to my Literotica email, by clicking the "Send Feedback" tab below. I'd love to hear from you!
Thank you!
Love,
Casey