Oak Street was an all American street in the heart of the Midwest. The yards were perfectly manicured and nothing was ever out of place on this beautiful tree lined neighborhood road. It was the epitome of a conservative middle and upper middle class area. Kids were respectful of their parents and nearly everyone went to church, mosque, or synagogue. It was assumed that all of the couples were happy and no one was cheating on their spouse and sex was surely just routine missionary style and only within the confines of the marital bedroom.
The truth, however, was that most families assumed that their neighbors were good upstanding people even while they were keeping their own secrets. Scandal was not to be tolerated so it was expected that one would keep their skeletons secured tightly in their closets. Whether it was MR. Rashid's affair with his secretary or Mrs. Fiskin's one night stand with Mr. Goldman indiscretions were quickly hushed up.
The nelson family was no exception. The family had lived at the corner of Oak and Maple for four years and had a secret bigger than any of their neighbors. If it were found out the hypocrites would try to drive them from the neighborhood. Mr. Nelson was the high school Football coach and his wife, Maggie, was the high school principal. Maggie had fallen for Roger when they had gone to college together and felt lucky to be living in such a perfect neighborhood. They had two children who were about to go off to college in the coming fall.
Maggie had always wanted two children, a boy and a girl. So, she was happy when the twins were born as she wouldn't have to go through pregnancy a second time. The twins, Janice and Jerry, were each other's best friends. They talked about everything. They graduated on June 5th and had their 19th birthday on June 15. Roger and Maggie were as proud as could be as both kids had finished in the top 3% of the graduating class and had numerous scholarships awarded to them.
Janice and Jerry had very active social lives and had just lost their virginity in the last few months within weeks of each other and as friends do they talked of the new found wonders of sex openly. While they knew their other twin was good looking sexual thoughts had never crossed their minds. They would horse around even slap each other and wrestle but it was all very platonic.
Jerry's friends would ask him what it was like to live with such a sexy sister and he told him he never thought of her that way. The friends couldn't believe it as Janice stood 5'9" weighing about 145 pounds having large D cup breasts and a large heart shaped ass. Her beautiful green eyes seemed to draw you right into them and her face was framed by her long golden hair. Of course, Janice got the same questions about Jerry who was equally good looking at 5'11" and 185 pounds with a very muscular chest to go along with his own green eyes and golden hair.
That summer something changed and changed rather abruptly. Maybe it was the temporary drought that Jerry was experiencing in his sex life or the sudden realization that he got an erection frequently while looking in his sister's direction. Or, maybe it was just as much Janice's doing as she had always been a little flirt and for some reason, she couldn't even explain, she had begun flirting with her brother at their birthday party.
The large family swimming pool had always been a great place to relax and party especially when their parents were away. Between football practice and faculty and other school meetings this was a frequent occurrence. It was not unusual for the kids to have over 20 friends to skinny dip. There was no worry of a neighbor catching them as all of the homes had tall privacy fences surrounding their backyards.
It was when one of these parties ended on a Saturday afternoon a week after their birthday when things changed. Jerry and Janice were taking a dip alone to recoup after the last of their friends had left finally leaving things calm and peaceful. Jerry looked over at his sister and she had a mischievous glint in her eyes. Then looking up at the back door of the house he saw their parents watching from the deck. Smiling they gave him a wave and he waved back.
Roger and Maggie didn't exactly approve of the skinny dipping but had concluded a year ago when it started that there was no way to stop it. If they outlawed the twins from doing it in their own pool they would probably go to a neighbor's home and swim nude with a bunch of their friends. Little did they realize that it was everyone else who was coming over when they were gone to do exactly that. Jerry watched his dad take a big swig of beer as he bobbed in the water.
Just then he felt a hard smack on his butt followed rapidly by his sister's finger poking briefly into his asshole. Gliding up beside her brother Janice rested an arm on the edge of the pool and the other on his ass. She didn't think her parents could tell where her hand was as she had done this before with boyfriends and her parents had never said anything. Jerry just leaned against the side of the pool in shock and panic as he was unable to stop his seven inch cock from becoming rigid.
Gathering his thoughts quickly and turned on by the hand now gently caressing his buttocks he pondered his reply. He decided he had to act before he had a chance to think about it. Dropping the hand closest to his sibling from the pool's edge he lowered it to her stomach and stuck a finger in her belly button and began rubbing his hand across her tummy. As his hand travels to the top of her pubic hair she abruptly turns sideways and playfully splashes him.
Jerry retaliates by diving for her and tickling her side and accidentally on purpose grazing the side of her boob with his hand. While splashing Jerry on top of the water Janice's other hand reaches for his cock and gives it a hard squeeze. Whereupon, she immediately swims away, climbs out of the pool putting on her bathrobe, and runs over to her parents to welcome them home.
Not wanting his parents to see how hard he has become Jerry swims two laps of the pool before getting out and wrapping a towel around himself. After trading small talk with their parents both kids ran into their bedrooms. Meeting back in the hallway just outside of their rooms Jerry was blown away by what Janice was wearing. She was wearing hot pants and a skimpy halter top that barely covered her jugs. As his cock sprang to life he told her, "I'll get even with you for what you did out there!"
"You will, huh, I am looking forward to it." Janice flung her arms around Jerry's neck shoving her mouth hard to his she rammed her tongue hard between his lips. Then as she ground her pelvis against his obvious erection she slid her hands down to his rump and cupped both cheeks. Before he knew what he was doing Jerry was passionately kissing his sister back and feeling up her ass.
Finally breaking their tight embrace they just stood there gazing at each other. For some reason, Jerry found himself out of breath. Feelings of terror washed over him as he realized they were not alone. In a panic he said, "Janice, mom and dad are just down the fucking hall."
"I know that is what makes it fun." Janice sauntered back toward the living room as her brother's eyes followed the sexy sway of her ass. Janice hadn't thought things through past the here and now and didn't know what they would do next. As for Jerry, he was turned on beyond belief by his sister's come-ons and decided to let her make the next move because if incestuous encounters were to happen he didn't want her to be able to accuse him of pushing her into it; besides she was the older one, by seven minutes, and therefore she should be in charge.
The horny lad wouldn't have to wait long as soon it was dinner time. Maggie and Roger sat on one side of the rectangular table while their offspring sat across from them side by side on the other side of the table. The kids were happy when they saw what their dad had fixed for dinner, one of their favorites, fish and chips. They liked it because it was finger food and that meant they could gobble it down and get on about doing other stuff.
Janice was happy for another reason. She and Jerry only needed one hand to eat with. Jerry was minding his own business when his sister suddenly put her knee on top of his knee spreading her legs apart. Then reaching under the table she grabbed her brother's hand, resting it on his lap, and squeezed it tight. Their parents often marveled how even as teenagers they would whisper and giggle like little kids at the table. So, it wasn't unusual when their daughter leaned over to Jerry after pulling his hand into her lap and softly whispered, "Play with me down there."
Jerry shook his head no but Janice giggled and shook her head yes and placed his hand flush against the crotch of her shorts and moved it up and down a couple of times. Acting like there was nothing out of the ordinary everyone continued the normal dinner time small talk. As he put another piece of fish to his mouth Jerry gently glided his fingers in small circles where he felt the heat rising from his sister's twat. His circling became faster as he felt Janice clasp her leg harder against his as he leaned back to her asking, "Is this what you wanted?"
"Don't stop, you are going to make me cum," she whispered back pretending to giggle at what her brother had said. Their eating speed had noticeably slowed down. Janice was trying hard to keep her impending orgasm a secret but in spite of biting her lip she felt her face turn red.
"Janice, honey, is something wrong? Your face is beet red," her concerned mother asked.
"No, no, mom I probably just had too much sun," she answered just as she felt a gush of cunt juice pour out with her first orgasm. Her brother could feel the wet spot he had caused in her shorts as she patted his hand in gratitude. But, she wasn't done yet.
As her knee slipped off of his leg her hand reached over and pulled down his zipper. Panicking he asked softly, "What the fuck are you doing?"
"I'm returning the favor, of course, silly boy. Now pull it out for me." He resisted only briefly but knew the table and tablecloth would hide his prick from mom and dad, so he freed his member for her. Janice found it hard to keep all of her movements under the table top level and not make it obvious that her hand was in her brother's lap.
Resting her elbow on her thigh she wrapped her fist around his pole and began working it up and down. Periodically she would squeeze and release the pulsating pecker as she stroked it. Her brother stopped eating his food. Roger reminded his son where he was by asking, "What is the matter don't you like the way I cooked the fish, you're not eating it."
"Yes, dad it is wonderful, I guess I am just a little worn out from swimming today." He wiggled in his chair and forced himself to continue eating. He almost choked as he came closer and closer to cumming. He could tell his sister had given plenty of hand jobs before as she was expert at it. And, before long, Jerry felt his nuts tighten up and he sprayed the underside of the table with his sticky stuff. Janice didn't stop until he shot a second load, what a mess!
Deftly Janice grabbed a couple of napkins and wiped off her hands and finished eating leaving her brother to fend for himself. He wasn't sure what to do. The only thing he could think of was to drop a piece of fish into his lap so he would have an excuse to grab a handful of napkins. Maggie wondered aloud why it took so many napkins to wipe up a few crumbs from his lap. Jerry just shrugged his shoulders in answer; the typical teenage answer that many parents are familiar with. Therefore, Maggie knew further questioning would be pointless. Jerry stuffed his cock back in his pants and both kids devoured the remainder of their food.
"Gotcha again," Janice told Jerry as they walked into the living room. Knowing that was exactly the way he wanted it he just reached over and gave her ass a swat. She just giggled as she ran away and sat down to protect her butt from further assault as their parents followed them into the room.
Happy that everyone was home on a Saturday night Maggie suggested that they have a movie night and she would provide plenty of fattening snacks. While Janice and Jerry were not thrilled at a dateless Saturday night they enjoyed these movie nights with mom and dad. They would usually watch three movies as each kid would pick a movie and the parents would put their heads together and select one.
Maggie and Roger liked these nights better now that the kids were older as their tastes had moved beyond Disney and kiddie flicks. Tonight was a perfect example as Jerry had picked "Pretty Women" and Janice had picked "Risky Business." For their part the parents had picked "The Graduate." They all laughed when they saw how similar their picks were. Roger was surely happiest as he knew that after watching three sultry flicks Maggie would be all over him and they might do some creative and kinky sex acts that they hadn't done for awhile.
It would only be obvious later on that each twin had picked the movie that would stir the other one sexual juice. Jerry picked the sweet romance of "Pretty woman" where love conquers all for his sister. While Janice had picked "Risky Business" for her brother where a 18 year old high school student gets to be in charge of hookers for a week. Maggie popped in "Pretty Women" first as she served up a bonanza of junk food.
To say Janice's juices were flowing after the lady was swept off of her feet at the end of the movie would be an understatement. She barely kept herself from playing with herself between the movie and her earlier play with Jerry. When the show was over they took a break to refill drinks and use the bathroom. As Jerry came out of the bathroom Janice called him across the hall into her bedroom. As soon as he walked in she pulled out her left breast from the halter top and whispered, "Come on Jerry Kiss it, quickly."
He started to walk away, still playing hard to get, but she grabbed him by the wrist and pulled him over to her. Wrapping her hand around the back of his head she brought his lips down to her glorious melon.
Her breast was irresistible so he dove in flicking his tongue on her pencil eraser nipple as he sucked it into his mouth. Janice wanted more as her brother's mouth felt so good sucking on her tit but just then their mother called and she reluctantly covered up her boob and walked back to watch "Risky Business."
As they walked back into the living room they noticed that their parents were now snuggled together on the couch with their mom's head on her husband's shoulder. Jerry thought to himself that he would surely be hearing the creaking of their bed later. A couple of times during the movie the kids looked over at their parents and saw them kissing. Once Janice caught a glimpse of her father stealing a quick grope of Maggie's boob. As the two lovers were having sex on the train in the movie Jerry looked lustfully at his sister. She smiled back, licking her lips and holding up the tit that her brother sucked earlier toward his hungry mouth.
Jerry thought if she was just teasing him this was cruel beyond belief. When the flick ended Janice announced that she was going to change for bed. Meanwhile, Roger and Maggie cleared away some of the dishes as Jerry took care of changing out the movies. Roger was getting the last dirty plate when his daughter came back into the room and his jaw dropped to the floor.
Janice was wearing a shear nightie that barely covered her crotch. While it totally covered her breast it clung tightly to them so that the bump of the nipple was very prominent. The silky red gown was sleeveless and had a plunging cleavage. Running back into the kitchen and throwing the plate into the sink Roger exclaimed, "My god did you see what Janice is wearing?"
As he pulled Maggie into his arms she answered, "of course not, I've been in here."
"My god, it is a sexy red nightie that screams out 'come fuck me'." Maggie and Roger look like twenty year older versions of their children the only real difference is that Maggie weighs about 10 pounds more than Janice as her boobs and ass are that much larger. Roger, now on fire, frantically kisses his wife. She hasn't seen him behave this much like an animal in a long time, but likes it. Wanting only to encourage him she grinds her pelvis against him while she kisses him back and feels up his ass.
"I'm the only one you will be fucking around here tonight. Now, let me get my gown on so we can get this movie over with." They break their embrace and Maggie runs back to her room. While the older generation was busy in the kitchen the kids games were preceding in the living room. As soon as her father left Janice walked over to Jerry.
"Hey brother, what do you think of my pajamas?" She twirled around only a couple of feet from her brother who was kneeling on the floor putting in the third movie.
He couldn't believe he had a clear view up her nightie to her silky bikini panties as the vision of her knocked his breath away.
"Are you trying to fucking torture me?" Janice just giggled at her brother's comment. Her giggling quickly gave way to a small squeal as her brother couldn't take it anymore and grabbed her. Wrapping his arms around her waist he pulled her crotch to his face hugging her tightly. She cooperated by lifting her gown so now he was hugging her only through her panties.
As his sister put her hand on his head Jerry inhaled deeply not believing how sweet her honey smelled. Slowly Janice turned so that Jerry was now hugging her posterior. She was just beginning to get into rubbing her ass against his face when she heard the unmistakable sounds of her parents approach.
Their mom came back wearing practically nothing, not to be outdone by her daughter. It was a lacy nightie which exposed half of her tits and didn't even cover up her thong panties. For "The Graduate" the kids decided to make themselves comfortable on the floor as their horny parents shared the couch. Whenever they saw that their parents were either to into the movie or each other the kids would steal quick touches of each other.
By the time the older woman stripped for the young man Jerry was going nuts. All four of them would have voted to turn off the movie but no one had a reason other than sex to do so. So, they all struggled through the rest of the movie until the young man and the older woman's daughter finally had their climatic moment as they ran off together.
The twins couldn't believe how quickly their parents ushered them off to bed and went there themselves. As they passed in the hall Janice told Jerry to wait at least 15 minutes before he jacked off. About ten minutes after settling into their rooms both kids heard the unmistakable sounds of enthusiastic love making coming from their parent's room.
This is what Janice was waiting for. Quietly she slithered down the hall to her brother's room. Neither of them said a word. Janice climbed onto her brother's bed and pulled his boxers down as she wrapped her tiny fist around his rigid cock. Wasting no time she sucked her twin's cock deep into her ravenous mouth.
Happy but surprised that Janice went straight for the blow job; Jerry laid back and enjoyed his sister's expert fellatio. The slurping sounds she made as she sucked were among the most erotic thing he had ever heard. As her head continued to bob up and down he reached up and cupped each of her breasts in turn. It wasn't long at all before he felt his balls tighten and whispered, "Sis, I'm gonna cum."
Instead of stopping like most of his high school dates and finish with her hand, Janice just sucked harder. Her head bobbing actually got faster as she clearly wanted to eat his spunk. Holding onto her boob for dear life Jerry exploded load after load into his sister's gullet. Janice loved the taste and didn't let any escape.
Licking her lips she moved up to kiss him on the lips saying, "You've got a fucking sexy cock!"
"Oh God, no one has ever sucked me off that good, you're fantastic!" They devoured each other's faces as Jerry's hands traversed all over his sister's body. He had just reached under her panties and begun to run his fingers through her thick pubic hair when Janice got spooked. She could hear her parents talking and figured they were finished for the night. Not wanting to be caught in her brother's room she quickly got up and ran back to her room leaving both of them disappointed.
The truth was that Maggie and Roger were just getting started and the twins overheard bits and pieces of torrid love making for at least another hour. Janice laid in bed cursing herself for leaving Jerry and had to settle for playing with her cunt. If Saturday night had been disappointing for the twins Sunday would be totally frustrating.
It seemed wherever they were their parents were right there with them. They did get in a few good gropes and kissed a little but not much more. Sunday night was more of the same as their mom and dad wouldn't go to bed. When they finally did it was so late that both of the twins had already fallen asleep.
Monday morning Janice popped right out of bed as she realized that her folks would not be home until after 4:00. Even though it was summer it seemed that there was always something to keep the football coach and principal occupied. Quickly Janice checked around to make sure that they really had left as they would find reasons to stay home several days during the summer.
After checking the whole property out a broad smile came to the girl's face as she strode to her brother's bedroom door. Not bothering to knock she walked right in. Jerry looked so peaceful laying there. She blushed just a little when she realized he was totally nude and his cock was at full attention. She laid down beside him.
She debated whether to wake him or let him find her there. Just then she saw his eyes open and a smile light up his face. Smiling back seductively she purred, "We've got the house to ourselves for over six hours sexy boy. So, I've brought you breakfast in bed."
Not seeing any food in her hands or on the nightstand he asked, "What is it, Janice?"
Slowly pulling the straps of the nightie off of her shoulders the horny girl responded, "Well, silly I'm your breakfast and these are your first course."
"They're fucking fantastic Sis," he exclaimed with any sign of restraint now gone. Throwing his arms around Janice he kissed her passionately loving the feel of her nude boobs against his equally naked chest. Urgently kissing down her neck he dove for her smooth velvety orbs. Grabbing a tit in each hand he caressed them lovingly as he peppered first one and then the other with light kisses. The intensity of his fondling and kissing grew and grew until it turned into squeezing and nipping.
As her brother's attentions became stronger and more passionate Janice found herself squirming and wiggling all over Jerry's bed. It was as if he knew just what she wanted him to do. Feverishly, she yanked off the nightgown and her panties which Jerry took as an invitation to kiss down her belly toward her pubic hair.
Her legs seemed to melt apart and her knees magically rose from the bed as if to invite her brother to gaze upon her hot pink snatch. He didn't look long as soon his fingers and mouth were furiously giving Janice all of the attention her cunt could handle. As one hand drew circles on the ring of her asshole the other was being used to ram two fingers in and out of her hot cunt.
Meanwhile, Jerry's tongue and mouth were licking and sucking her little bud of a clitoris perfectly. Just as she thought she knew his rhythm he changed it on her frustrating her at the same time that it delighted her as she stayed on the verge of cumming for several minutes. Finally, he totally drove his sister over the edge as she came again and again.
Juice flowed from his sister like a small river. Jerry loved the taste and ate her pussy like a starving man. It sure was a lot better than Oatmeal he thought. Janice was grinding her cunt in his face and suddenly blurted out, "Oh shit, Jerry, fuck me, come on fuck your damn sister right now."
"Fuck yes," he shouted back at her excitedly. As great as eating her sweet cunt was he could wait no longer to get his rigid member buried deep inside of her. Almost gliding up her body he got into position and after she flicked his cock against her clit a couple of times she pulled him into her.
Their bodies melded together perfectly as they instantly found a rhythm. His cock pistoned in and out of her like a well oiled machine. Her hands caressed his back as she brought her hips up to meet his thrust. Little droplets of sweat began to form on their brows as they continued their carnal workout.
Moans and gasps began coming from them at first very soft but ever building and getting louder and louder. They were fucking so hard that even though Janice was laying on her back Jerry could see her boobs bounce with his thrusting. They both clinched their teeth together hard as they came in a massive orgasm.
As Jerry collapsed on top of his sister she wrapped her arms tightly around him. As they laid there they both knew that this was the best fuck of their life and that neither would be likely to ever have a better sex partner than their own sibling. Contented they laid there falling asleep with Jerry's pecker still inside of Janice and dozed for 45 minutes.
When Jerry woke it was because his sister was using her cunt muscles to squeeze and release his cock bringing it to full stiffness with just a few squeezes. Before he was fully awake he found himself pounding in and out of his sister's cunt again. The climax seemed to be even better this time. But, by now he was hungry for real and they ran into the kitchen and grabbed a bite to eat.
They spent the rest of the day getting to know everything sexual about each other. At about 3:30 they climbed into the swimming pool both to clean off and so that they could fool around until the moment they heard a car pull up. It was a glorious day. Janice swore she must have cum ten times hat day and Jerry was happy to have tried several different positions. He had the only complaint of the day and that was only that his cock hurt some from its extreme workout.
As the week progressed the twins had their fun fucking and playing all over the house. The only problem was that they were becoming far less careful. Maggie and Roger were highly intelligent and began suspecting things when they saw the kids in the pool the previous Saturday. Roger had told his wife that he thought he heard their daughter asking Jerry to suck her boob later that same night. So, on Thursday Maggie and Roger left the house as usual but quietly returned an hour later.
At first, when they snuck into the house, they saw and heard nothing. Then glancing out the back window Maggie spotted her kids on the far side of the pool. Hearing his wife gasp Roger rushed over beside her to see Janice on top of Jerry. She was riding him as if he was a bucking bronco with her boobs bouncing wildly. Jerry had his hands clasped on his sister's hips. Maggie and Roger just stood there saying nothing for an eternity.
Neither of them wanted to admit how much their kids were turning them on. But, the more they watched the more obvious it became. Roger put his hand on Maggie's ass and she responded by snuggling close to him. Now turned on they looked each other in the eyes and passionately kissed as she stroked Roger's cock. Roger couldn't take it any longer and yanked down Maggie's pants and leaned her over the kitchen counter so she could still watch the kids and drove his cock deep into her fiery twat. Maggie thrust her hips back at her husband as she viewed the torrid scene between her twins. She loved the pounding Roger was providing her and it didn't take long for both of them to cum.
Suddenly, they realized the twins fuck was through so the parents hurriedly got themselves back together and ran out the front door before the kids saw them. They parked down the street and plotted their next move knowing life would not be the same in the Nelson household ever again. The twins had no idea that their parents had caught their show when they welcomed them home at the usual time that afternoon.
Maggie and Roger had agreed that there would be no dinner until they had seduced their kids. So, Maggie went straight to her son's room wearing nothing but a halter and mini skirt. There she found Jerry into a game on his computer. Walking up behind him she gently began caressing his shoulders and leaning over so that her boobs touched his head and asked, "So, what you doing?"
Her hands traced further down his front side and as she pinched one of his nipples he answered, "I'm playing Roller Coaster Tycoon."
As the boy answered she could hear him gulp nervously. She slithered around the side of his chair deciding that it was now or never. Reaching in front of him quickly she depressed the power button on the computer monitor. This caused him to turn suddenly toward his mother. As he started to open his mouth in frustration at her action she undid the tie of the halter and rapidly uncovered one of her breasts and asked, How about forgetting that game for awhile and sucking my boobie?"
Shocked by the sight of his mom's massive orb inches from his face he stammered out, "Ah, what mom?"
Grabbing her boob and holding up to his mouth she calmly replied, "Come on Jerry, suck my tit. If you can kiss Janice's boobs you certainly can kiss mine."
"I never did any such thing."
She grabbed his chin with one hand pulling it toward her breast as she stuffed her nipple against his lips continuing, "The hell you didn't Jerry we heard you last Saturday night between movies. And not to mention the ride you were giving her on your prick this morning beside the pool. Now come on and open wide and suck my damn tits."
Thoughts raced through Jerry's mind. What if this was a trick just to see if he would give in. Or maybe, his mom wanted his father to catch them so that she could punish him even more severely or use it as an excuse to get rid of her husband. But lust won out as he couldn't resist that wonderful boob being pressed against his mouth and he gingerly parted his lips slightly letting her nipple inside.
Feeling him give in Maggie moved a hand to the back of his head as she felt his tongue flick the end of her sensitive nipple for the first time. She used the other hand to release the halter the rest of the way off and let the skirt fall to the floor. Jerry's mouth was now all over these incredible boobs when suddenly she stood straight up. Now his eyes were filled with the view of her thick pubic hair as she purred, "Jerry, strip and join me in bed."
"What about dad?"
"He has his hands full, himself and there is absolutely nothing to worry about." She sauntered away as he watched her big ass sway as she walked the ten feet to his bed. His heart was pounding hard in his chest as he threw off his clothes. His prick was so hard that it hurt from the skin being pulled so tight.
Meanwhile, Janice had just settled down on her bed to read a trashy romance novel. She was laying on her tummy and still had on only her bikini from the earlier swim. Her dad seeing this ran to his room and changed into his swim trunks. He didn't want to swim at all but wanted to be wearing as few clothes as possible when he went back to her room. Silently he walked into the room and closed the door.
Carefully he climbed on to the bed admiring her perfect ass as he did. Gingerly he straddled her legs. Janice was now aware of his presence but figured it was her brother so continued to read. Gently he pulled the bikini bottoms free of her ass cheeks and then buried his face into her ass. As his hands kneaded her butt she protested, "Jerry, stop it! We had our fun dad might catch us now quit."
Contrary to her pleas her assailant kissed her ass even more passionately and before she knew what was happening he had his hand on the front side of her bottoms and was caressing her pussy. Janice couldn't help it and started grinding her ass in his face and found his cock with her foot. This only caused Roger to kiss harder and deeper. He wondered what would happen when Janice discovered who was eating her ass.
His answer came almost immediately as the girl suddenly rolled over on to her back. Obviously now in the heat of passion Janice demanded, "Come on eat my fucking pussy."
Dutifully Roger obeyed reaching for the sides of her bikini bottoms and pulling them down. It was then that their eyes met and Janice realized that it was her father. As his daughter's face turned beet red he pulled the garment off over her toes and quipped, "So, is your hot little pussy good enough for your brother but not for your own dad?"
Emotions beyond belief swept over Janice. But, foremost was pure lust as she wanted to fuck her daddy right here and right now. Yanking off her swimsuit top and spreading her legs widely Janice answered, "Oh daddy, fuck me now; come on and make love to me."
Unlike her brother Janice had no worry about being caught by the other parent as she just wanted to be filled up by her father's cock. She wrapped her arms around her father and pulled him to her lips giving him a deep passionate kiss As he came up for air he grasped both of her boobs in his hands and whispered, "We saw you and Jerry fucking by the pool earlier today and god it turned me on so fucking much."
"Oh daddy, you watched us. Now, it is your turn daddy, I'm all yours." Hands traveled all over their bodies as Roger kissed all over his daughter's body. After what seemed like forever to Janice his tongue finally found her cunt and feverishly kissed all over it. Janice was pulled into multiple orgasms by her dad's attentions and when she could take it no longer she demanded that they fuck.
As this was going on Jerry was timidly climbing into bed with his mom. Maggie almost laughed out loud at how nervous her son was being after what she had seen him doing with Janice earlier in the day. So softly she whispered to him, "Jerry come over here to Mommy. That's right come to mommy and suck on mommy's breasts."
Jerry figured he could do this as he had just done it over by the computer. Her boobs were so wonderful that it didn't take long for him to settle in and begin enjoying the glorious feeling of kissing and caressing them. Maggie knew that Roger would work faster with Janice so she had to speed Jerry up and get him inside of her quickly. Once she was sure that Jerry was in to it she wrapped her fist around his hard on and began pumping him wildly.
This was all that it took and Jerry wasted no time kissing down her stomach until they were looking squarely at each other's genitals. Maggie slowly pulled her legs apart showing her son her soaking wet cunt. She gave his cock a hard yank and then covered the head with her mouth. Jerry took the cue and dove into her bush covering the entire area with passionate kisses.
Jerry and Maggie rolled all over his bed as the sounds of slurping and sucking filled the room. The boy couldn't believe how deep his cock was in his mother's throat and the suction power she had was incredible. Maggie, for her part, couldn't believe how much of a stud her own son was and was nearly blown away when his fingers began playing with her sweet puckering asshole. She roared suddenly, "Oh shit, fuck me now, come on fuck mommy right now."
Both men rolled over on to their backs as the women straddled their waists. At exactly the same time Janice and Maggie grasped a cock in their hands and flicking it against their clits a couple of times then carefully lining it up with their holes placed the head into their hot entrances. Then with one push their pussies swallowed the cocks totally inside of them. The guys grabbed the ladies hips and held on as the women rode wildly. The bed springs could be heard popping all over the house as the rides got wilder and stronger. The sounds of curse words being shouted got louder and louder. In spite of their best efforts Roger and Jerry couldn't hold back and exploded load after load of spunk into Janice and Maggie.
The women pulled off and laid beside the men. Jerry and Janice figured that they would get dressed now and that their parents would lay down the law later. Although, neither of them was sure what law the parents would lay down. After just a couple of minutes the parent grabbed the child's hand and said, "Now, come with me and let's see what the other half of the family is up to."
Reluctantly, Janice and Jerry followed their parents out into the hallway still nude. To their surprise they were confronted by the sight of the other sibling and parent in the same state of undress still breathing heavy from the just finished sexual encounter. Maggie and Roger smiled broadly knowing their plan had come off without a hitch. Janice and Jerry just stood there looking confused.
Maggie ordered everyone into the kitchen to help prepare dinner. Not much was said about the sexual activity until bedtime. That night the kids were invited to join Maggie and Roger in their king size bed. For the rest of the summer the Nelson family had the closest relationship of any family on Oak Street. Of course, they wondered how many other families in the neighborhood had similar secrets.