It was a beautiful summer morning in the smoky mountains. Kat and I were in our third day of a week of camping in this beautiful part of the country. Today's plan was for a hike on one of the trails that wound along the edge of a line of foothills, overlooking the valley and river below. As I began to wake, I realized that I was in the tent alone and that I could hear the crackling of the fire outside and could smell breakfast cooking. I pulled on a pair of shorts, unzipped the tent flap and stepped outside.
Kat was crouched in front of the fire stirring a skillet of potatoes. The bacon was already cooked and was sitting in a pie tin near the fire, just to keep it warm.
"Mornin' Sunshine!" she said, with an intentional southern drawl.
"Mornin'. How ya doin'?" I replied, stepping around to the other side of the fire to face her.
"I'm doing fine. I love being in the mountains. You were sleeping pretty good, so I figured that I'd let you sleep for a while." She said, giving the potatoes another stir.
It was at this point that I realized that her hair was wet. Then, I noticed that she was wearing a tank top with nothing underneath. When she bent forward to work on the food, the fabric pulled away showing the fullness of her chest.
"Where did you get a shower?" I asked.
"Not a shower. More of a bath." She replied.
"Ok? Where did you get a bath?"
"Right there." She said, pointing toward the creek about fifty feet from the campsite.
Looking at the creek and then taking a quick look around the campsite, I said, "Oh, where's your wet swimsuit? You don't want it to mildew."
"I didn't wear a swimsuit. I was nekkid."
"OH! Seriously?"
"Yeah. There isn't anyone else around. Only one that saw me was a deer that walked through within about 20 feet of me. That was pretty cool. I guess she figured that I couldn't do much to her if I was naked."
"I can't believe that you didn't wake me up for that show." Was the only reply that I could come up with.
"I guess you'll have to try to get up earlier tomorrow." she replied with a grin.
She picked up a couple of bowls and put a scoop of potatoes and several pieces of bacon into each one. She handed me one of them and we sat down in our camp chairs to eat our breakfast. Her butt had no more than hit the chair when she jumped back up saying, "Oh, I forgot drinks!"
She sat her bowl down in her chair, walked over to the cooler and bent over to retrieve two bottles of water. In bending over, she revealed the fact that she was wearing a black thong under those short shorts that she had put on after her au natural bathing this morning. This made me wonder if she really had forgotten the water or if she had done this intentionally to get my attention.
We finished our breakfast and she agreed to clean up from breakfast while I took the chance to wash up in the creek before getting dressed for the day. She made quick work of the dishes and went into the tent while I was washing.
As I walked back toward the tent to get dressed, she emerged wearing a yellow flowered sundress which came down to her knees and had spaghetti straps. The dress fit tight around her 38DDD breasts, hung loose down the middle and then clung in all the right places around her hips. The dress looked great, but looked a little funny with her hiking boots. She was still looking pretty darned hot though.
I quickly changed into my outfit for the day and we were off on our hike.
The trail was beautiful. The first half mile of the hike was entirely uphill, but it was worth it, because that brought us to a pass through a line of foothills. The trail then turned to the right and followed the ridge. The way that the hills had formed and the way that the trail was cut, it formed a large horseshoe shape around a bend in the river, several hundred feet below. The horseshoe portion of the trail was about a mile and a half long, but was fairly level and an easy walk. At the midpoint of the horseshoe was a small clearing with a picnic table and an old, hand-operated water pump. We stopped there to rest and to just enjoy the view.
Wanting to cool off, Kat went over to the water pump and started to pump it in attempt to get some of the nice cool water from the underground spring. Pumping made her boobs and bottom jiggle in all the right places, causing the front of my pants to get tighter. The water started flowing and she grabbed a double handful and splashed it on her face and arms, getting the front of her dress a little damp.
She pumped the handle a few more times to get a big drink of water. Between the jiggling from her pumping and the fact that the dress pulled tight against her ass when bent over to get a drink, it made me wonder about the black thong from earlier.
"Are you still wearing the thong that you were wearing this morning?"
"No. They kept riding up."
"Oh..." I said with some obvious disappointment in my voice.
"I think that you'll like these better though." She said, turning her back to me and slowly inching her dress up. The dress slid up her nice, thick, muscular thighs teasing me the entire way. Finally, the edge of her nice round ass started to show. Then, more and more. She was intentionally holding her legs and ass together to keep it concealed as long as possible. Her ass cheeks were about half exposed now and I had no idea what kind of panties she was wearing. She paused for a moment.
"Keep going." I urged.
She turned and smiled and then kept inching the dress up little by little revealing more and more of her ass. What was it? A thong? A g-string? Finally, the dress was all the way up to her waist and no sign of panties. What?
She smiled at me over her shoulder and then spread her legs slightly and bent forward, showing me her completely bare ass and her pussy lips. Then she stood up and turned, with the dress still pulled up to her waist, showing her neatly trimmed bush.
"WOW!" was all that I could say.
"Do you like this choice better?" she asked with a coy smile on her face.
"Definitely!" I replied, standing up and walking over to her. I put my arms around her and pulled her to me. I could feel her breasts pushing against my chest. I reached down behind her with both hands, raised her dress and cupped her ass cheeks in my hands.
Still holding her tight, I guided her over to the edge of the table. I picked her up by the rear end and sat her up on the table. I put pressure on her, trying to get her to lean back, but she caught herself and said, "This table isn't very clean. You're going to get my dress dirty."
"There's a solution for that." I said with a smile.
Knowing what I was talking about, she smiled back, reached down and grabbed the bottom hem of her dress and pulled it off over her head. She tossed it over onto my backpack and sat there wearing nothing but her hiking boots. Her breasts were enormous and begging to be fondled and sucked. Her long blonde hair flowed back over her shoulder and almost all the way to her waist. Her blue eyes seemed to be screaming, "Fuck me now!"
She reached down and unfastened my belt and my shorts, letting them drop to the ground before tugging at my briefs. I helped her and lowered them to the ground also. She bent forward and slid my hard cock between her tits a few times, giving it a quick kiss at the top of each slide. She bent forward one more time, sliding my cock between them slowly, then opening her mouth and taking more than half of my cock in her mouth, playing with the tip with her tongue and covering it with a good coating of natural lubricant.
She held my cock in her hand as she sat up and then leaned back, sliding my cock into the opening of her pussy. She grabbed me by the hips and pulled me to her, sliding all nine inches of cock inside her. She lay back on the table and then stuck her legs up, resting them against my chest, letting me ram my cock deep inside her with each push, but after a few good thrusts like this, I could tell that something wasn't right.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"The table kinda hurts. I think that I'm getting splinters in my back." She replied.
"Oh! I think that I've got a solution." I said, offering her a hand to get up off of the table.
She stood there in all of her naked glory while I unzipped my pack and found a blanket which I always carried with me, 'just in case'. I unfolded the blanket and tossed it down over the top of the table.
She stepped back toward the table and kicked a large stone that was on the ground.
"I have a better idea." She said.
She bent over and positioned the rock in just the right spot and then bundled up the blanket and put it at the edge of the table. She stood on top of the rock and I realized what she had in mind. With the added height of the rock, her pussy was at the perfect height for taking her from behind. She bent over and put her hands down on the table, getting a good grasp on the sides. I stood behind her and guided my cock back into her waiting pussy. Once we found our rhythm, the bouncing of her ass with each thrust was mesmerizing. I leaned to my side and could see the silhouette of her enormous tits swinging to our rhythm. She began to moan and she lowered her head toward the table.
I looked straight forward to find something to take my attention so that I didn't immediately blow my load into her. I was scanning the trees for birds or squirrels or anything to keep my mind off of those swinging tits, bouncing ass and sweet, wet pussy. Finally, something caught the corner of my eye. It was some kind of a flash of light. What was it? Kat's moaning and thrusting continued. A light? No. It was brighter than that. A mirror? Oh! It's a pair of binoculars. Someone else had come up the initial hill on the trail and had reached the right hand turn. When I saw the flash off the lenses, they were looking straight at us. At first, the flashes weren't very frequent, but then it went from a flash to a full time reflection. Someone was watching us.
I realized now that my cock had lost some of its hardness, so I once again focused on Kat's bouncing ass and on the view of my cock sliding into that swollen, wet pussy. As I was watching this, I could still see the reflection in the corner of my eye and it began to sink in that someone was watching me fuck Kat. They were watching her big tits swing. They were watching the looks on her face. This definitely made my cock get harder and made me pound my cock into Kat that much harder. Her moaning was moving onto something just short of a scream. Her pussy was getting hotter and wetter with every thrust. I closed my eyes for a moment, enjoying the feeling of her pussy wrapped around my cock.
I opened my eyes again and realized that there were now two points where there had only been one before. There was more than one person watching us now. I looked straight at them and gave them a smile. Finally, I raised my hand and motioned for them to continue toward us on the trail. Where we were, we would be visible from nearly every point in between. Seeing the occasional flashes of their binoculars, I kept the show going and was apparently giving Kat quite a ride, because she soon let out a scream of "YES!" that was probably heard throughout the south. She dropped onto her stomach on the table, exhausted. Not sure whether she wanted me to stay inside her or pull out, I stayed in her, but slowly slid my cock back and forth inside of her. After a few minutes, she started to get up, so I pulled out of her and stepped back.
She stood up and faced me. She gave me a big hug and a passionate kiss with our tongues dancing together in my mouth. She gave me another small kiss on the lips, then on the neck, then started down my chest. Finally, she sat down on the rock where she had been standing, pulled me toward her and started to suck her juices off of my cock. Kat could suck a cock like no one else. She knew when to user her tongue, her teeth, her lips. She knew when to go slow and when to go fast. She knew when to toy with my balls or stroke the taint. I could tell by the way that she was sucking me that she wasn't trying to get me to cum in her mouth or on her face, she was keeping me hard until her arms and legs could recover and be ready for another round.
As she sucked my cock, I could still see the flashes of the binoculars. A few times, they would pause and watch before continuing on. I guess that they were enjoying what they were seeing. I know that I loved the view of Kat's naked body, especially when she had her lips wrapped around me. Her DDDs looked enormous, like a double platter to squirt my cum all over. Her areolas, so pale pink that they barely contrasted against her white skin were very large, probably close to 3 inches across. The nipples were a hot pink now and were standing erect.
I could not take it anymore. I reached down and grasped her arms. She slowly slid her mouth off of my cock, as I lifted her to her feet. I sat her onto the table and began sucking on those gorgeous tits. I then kissed my way down her stomach and gave her pussy and clit a few good licks, tasting her juices.
With this stimulation, she was ready again. She pushed me away and then stood on the rock again, her back to me and once again placed her hands down on the table, presenting that round ass and sweet, wet, swollen pussy to me. I slid inside her and then looked up. I realized that our admirers were now no more than a hundred yards down the trail. Luckily, Kat had not noticed them yet. It seemed to be another couple.
Knowing that it would all be over when Kat realized that they had been watching, I focused my attention back to her. I watched that ass bouncing. I watched my cock sliding in and out of her wet pussy. I snuck looks at her swinging tits. I reached down and grabbed her hips, pushing her ass cheeks together , letting me feel more of her body as I slid in and out of her. With near perfect timing, I filled her pussy with my cum just as the couple was approaching. Their eyes were locked onto us. It caught my attention that they were both focused on Kat's body. As I came inside her, Kat tipped her head back with her eyes closed, enjoying the sensation of our hot juices inside her. I gave the couple a smile as I slid my cock out of Kat's pussy and stepped back. The other woman's gaze finally went from Kat's body to my soaked cock.
As I pulled my briefs and shorts up, Kat finally pushed herself up off of the table, standing upright still fully nude and now with our cum beginning to drip down her thighs. It wasn't until she had stood up completely that she opened her eyes and saw the other couple walking, not ten feet from us. She let out a gasp tried to cover her nakedness and then quickly dove for her dress, quickly slipping it over her head. The whole time saying, "Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh!"
The couple kept walking, with smiles still on their faces. They were obviously wanting to not upset Kat any more than she already was.