I reached down to switch the fan to high, and turned it to blow on my face while I sat in the back of the tent, watching the aisle in front and seeing absolutely nobody passing by. It was about 95 outside, and maybe 100 inside the tent, which was a giant solar oven. Maybe my photos weren't good enough, maybe the wrong subjects, maybe the wrong size, or maybe not priced right, but, since nobody was coming to this art fair, what did it matter? I wasn't going to sell anything because there was nobody to buy.
I stepped outside and walked to the shade under a nearby tree, but it was maybe two degrees cooler, and, in case a miracle happened and somebody came into the tent, I needed to be there, not under the tree. So I went back to my chair. My watch said 11:35. Only five-and-a-half hours more, with the heat of the day still ahead of me.
So far I had sold two matted prints for a total of $40. That was from the print bin outside the tent. Nobody had even looked at the photos on the walls or even come inside.
I sat back, stared out of the tent, and continued to feel sorry for myself. I was getting sleepy. Maybe I'd just take a nap.
Just then something caught my eye and I jerked fully alert. There wasn't a tent directly across from me, just a gap in the row of tents, so I had a clear view of the back of the tent one aisle over. And that back had just opened, to let the breeze in, I guess. There wasn't any breeze, but whomever was there was apparently an optimist.
What jerked me awake were two long, sexy legs, attached to a woman who was bent over some sort of counter at the back of her tent. She was leaning over, talking to a customer (lucky her!), and wearing shorts appropriate for the weather, which is to say very short. I couldn't see her face or her upper body, just waves of blonde hair and those incredible legs.
Whoever she was talking to left and she went around to the front of the counter and sat down, gone from my view except for that amazing hair which I could now see from the side.
I wanted another customer to come into her tent even more than I wanted one to come into mine. Anything that would get her to lean over behind that counter. That became my purpose for the afternoon, since my own activity was going to be a big fat zero, I just knew it.
Fifteen minutes later she had another customer, and she returned to the counter, treating me to a second look at those amazing limbs. This time I thought her shorts were hitched up a bit higher, but maybe that was my imagination.
I called her The Blonde Goddess.
After about an hour of watching, waiting, and hoping, she had three more customers, and I decided to put up my Back-In-10-Minutes sign, visit the restroom, get a beer, and stroll by her aisle to see what she was selling and to get a look at her face. Off I went.
Jewelry, it was, which would have been my first guess. As for her face, it was gorgeous. High cheekbones, a strong chin, and a rapturous smile. She saw me passing with my beer and smiled at me. Little did she know that I was already in love with her, or at least in love with her body. OK, maybe just lust.
Back to my chair and my tent. It was now past one, and even hotter inside. I drank my beer, actually talked to one guy who wanted to know what camera I used, never even commenting on my photographs. I hoped that what few people were attending this crummy fair would at least want some jewelry from The Blonde Goddess. Maybe another seven or eight did, which was pure joy for me. Then it was 5 o'clock, time to zip up the tent and get out of here.
I'd done a total of $40, and, aside for viewing The Blonde Goddess, it had been one of the worst days of my life. I grabbed my water bottle, cooler, and backpack and started the short walk down the road to the high school parking lot where my trailer was parked. That convenience was the best part of this fair. I knew the trailer would be hot, but at least I had cold beers in the fridge.
"How'd you do?" a voice just behind me said. I turned. It was The Blonde Goddess, catching up to me on those long legs.
"Terrible. And you?"
"Lookees. Lots of talk, but no sales. Well, just one, for a lousy $45." She was pretty honest, for an art fair, where we all generally lie. "You headed for the high school?"
"Yeah. My trailer's parked there. You too?"
"My girlfriend's, yes. She's a painter, so I'm staying with her, in her motor home."
I couldn't believe I was actually talking to The Blonde Goddess. "Mine's a trailer, just a 22-footer."
"Here by yourself?"
"Yeah, just me. I'm not inflicting this purgatory on anyone else this time."
"Can I see it?" she asked. "My name's Charlene."
"I'm Vincent, but everyone calls me Vin. You want to see my little trailer?"
"Well, not so much the trailer. Do you have a cold drink?"
"A fridge full of beer. Walk with me, and I'll give you a tour. Should take fifteen seconds at most."
She showed me that terrific smile. "OK. Thanks!"
We got to the high school, and The Blonde Goddess pointed out her girlfriend's RV across the parking lot. I started my generator so I could run the air conditioner. Good thing I'd bought that little gadget, because my trailer must have been 110 degrees. Rough estimate, since my thermostat only went up to 99. But with the air conditioner on full it dropped to 85 in a few minutes, and then we were OK.
We sat across the dinette table with our beers. Unfortunately, her great legs were tucked in under the table, so I had to satisfy myself with her lovely face, her toned arms, and her breasts, straining to break free of her tight blouse. I guessed her to be about 25. I'm a young 35.
I don't even know what we talked about, I was so taken up with her. I couldn't believe The Blonde Goddess was in my trailer, drinking my beer, sitting at my table, and talking to me. She'd grown up and still lived in Des Moines, but traveled to art fairs during the Summer, which is what brought her to Wyoming. So, I guess that's what we talked about. I suppose I told her similar stuff about me, not that I was aware of anything in the universe other than her. I did get that she was smart and funny, in addition to being beautiful.
Then she said something strange: "I'm an exhibitionist at art fairs." A strange choice of words.
I laughed. "Me, too."
"You are? Really?"
"Really. I exhibit at art fairs. Photography."
"Oh, no. I meant I'm an exhibitionist at art fairs. I exhibit, too, jewelry, but I'm an exhibitionist."
I wasn't sure I was hearing her right. I didn't know what to say. "OK," is all I could come up with.
"Do you mind if I take off my clothes?"
I laughed. "You're joking, right? You get this way on just one beer?"
"Not joking. Look, I'm fairly pleasant to look at, right? And we're alone in this little metal box, and I want to strip. Don't you want to stare at my naked body?"
Maybe I was suffering from heat stroke, causing some sort of weird hallucinations, but my cock was starting to twitch, so, of course, I went along, pretending to be totally cool about this happy turn of events. "Yes, please do, if you like. No one here but us, and, yes, I'd like to see your body."
With that invitation she stood up, unbuttoned her blouse and released her bra, and slipped her panties and shorts off with one smooth movement. The Blonde Goddess was totally nude.
She sat down sideways at the end of the sofa opposite the dinette and stretched her naked legs out, resting her feet on the opposite side, with her legs spread apart. Her arms were back, pushing her breasts out from her chest.
I didn't know what to do exactly. I stayed where I was, and sort of looked at her and sort of looked straight ahead. What was the polite and appropriate thing here? Never been in a situation remotely like this.
"Look at me, silly!" she giggled. "Come over to the sofa and sit between my legs."
She lifted her legs up and pressed her feet to the cabinet over the sofa so I could sit down, twisted to the side to face her. She put her legs back down and rested them on my shoulders.
"Now you can see me." She spread her pussy open with her fingers. "My cunt, too. Can I have another beer?"
I loved the way she mixed the heavenly with the mundane. She really was totally comfortable with her nakedness. I got her another beer, adjusting my crotch as I was turned towards the fridge.
"You know, I can't be an exhibitionist by myself. I need someone to look at me, all of me, and even to objectify me. As a girl with girl parts." She paused and looked directly into my eyes. "I know you were looking at my legs all afternoon. I pulled my shorts up as high as I could. I almost was ready to take them off. But this is so much better." She squeezed her breasts. "Good thing I was able to chase after you at the end of the show. And that you were in this trailer alone. Or, with a man friend. Two of you would have been twice as good."
This was stunning. She really just wanted to be as exposed as possible. So that's what an exhibitionist was!
"And you don't have to adjust your crotch!" I was found out. "I know your big cock is hard for me."
I'd never met anyone like this. "How do you know it's big?" I asked.
"Well, I want it to be big, and you want it to be big, and no evidence has been presented, so we go with whatever we believe. It's big."
"OK, so it is." Actually, it wasn't. It was normal. I had never seen a hard cock that wasn't my own, except in porn films, and I always assumed those were unusually big. Mine was a little smaller than theirs, so I guess normal.
"Charlene, how'd you come to be an exhibitionist? Or, to discover that you were one? You're very comfortable with it."
"I'd call it discovery. Here's the story: I spent a summer in Germany at a jewelry program, and started to go with my classmates to nude beaches. A lot of those over there! It was fun, freeing, carefree. Boys and girls together. Not even sexy. No hard cocks. Just fun. Then one Sunday I went by myself to a beach I'd never been to, stripped as I was used to doing, and realized as I was walking at the water's edge that I was on the wrong side. The FKK side was across the breakwater."
"FKK?"
"Freikoerperkultur. Free body culture. Anyway, I was the only one nude. The women and men were both staring at me. Not saying anything, or doing anything. Just staring. I stopped, turned toward them, and just stood there, arching my back to show off my breasts and pussy. A few men smiled. Even the women. After maybe a half a minute I started getting wet. In fact my whole cunt was vibrating. I had to get in the water, fast. As soon as I was covered I brought myself off. Took maybe 20 seconds. Then I knew what I wanted... needed."
"So you kept going to the wrong beach?"
"No, it was time to go home. I knew a couple of guys, you know, as just friends, and I asked them to dinner. I served the dinner nude, and then had them watch me masturbate. The guys loved it. So did I. That did it. I just kept doing it whenever I got the chance. One time in a bar a guy was trying to pick me up. I told him to get a friend, and I'd take off my clothes and masturbate, but only if they behaved themselves and didn't touch me. That was great! I'm getting wet just thinking about it. Anyway, jumping to the present, when the show ended I found you and this very private trailer."
"So I can't touch you?"
"Definitely not. That would be sex."
"And this isn't?"
"I'm having a sexual experience. You're sitting there enjoying the view and struggling with that giant boner in your pants. We're not having sex." She started massaging my neck with her toes.
"Suppose I took off my clothes, too?"
"Please do. I need to conduct a visual examination of your hard cock. Get some hard evidence of its size, scientifically." So direct. So delicious. So perfect.
I stood up and stripped, facing her with my cock extended.
"It is big! You didn't know that?"
"Glad you think so. You've seen more than I have, I guess."
"I've seen lots, yeah. Get on the sofa like I am, and put your feet up like I was. I'll do the same and we'll be symmetric."
I did as I was told. The sofa was so small I had to spread my legs wide to get them folded to where they fit, since her end of the sofa was right up against the closet wall. That's' what 22-foot trailers are like. My cock stood straight up.
We sat there like that and drank our beers. Every once in a while she'd stroke her pussy, and I responded by stroking my shaft.
At one point she said. "Hold your balls out so I can see them."
I lifted them up with my left hand. My right hand was trapped between the sofa and the window.
"So, now I'm an exhibitionist, too," I said.
"No, you're not. You got naked to join a naked girl on the sofa. Any man would do that. No courage required."
"Yeah, but I still got naked so you could see me."
"This isn't exhibitionism. This is sex." With that she put her right foot on my cock. Then she worked the shaft between her toes, squeezed hard, and started to stroke me, roughly.
"Uhhhhh," was all I could get out.
"Feel good, then? You like sex, I see. With a cock like that, you'd better."
"So, you're getting naked was just to seduce me?"
"Seduce you? No. When I want sex, I go into a bar, find a great looking man, and just ask him if he wants to fuck. Hey, I'm one in ten thousand women with a perfect body, a love of sex, and fearless. If I'd asked you to fuck me when we were walking over here what would you have said? That you'd think about it?" She put the other foot on my cock and started to roll it between them.
Somehow I managed to speak. "Good point. So, now that it's sex, do I get to touch you? You're touching me."
She leaned forward and licked my shaft. "You get to do anything and everything to me, but let's do it on the bed, and I've got to pee first. You can watch." Of course, that's something she'd say.
The bathroom was too small for me to see anything, but I appreciated the invitation. I pulled down the covers and lied down on the bed on my back.
She came into the bedroom, just on the other side of the wall from the bathroom. We'd gone only maybe eight feet from the sofa, but were in a different world entirely.
"Move forward," she said, pulling me away from the pillows. Then she straddled my head, took my cock into her mouth, and lowered her pussy onto my face. I'd spent the afternoon lusting after her legs, and now I had possession of the treasure between them. I bit, sucked, pinched, and licked her labia, vagina, and clitoris. Then I inserted a finger and stepped up the pace, especially on her clitoris. I licked and kissed her legs, her ass, her lower back, and then went back to my center of the universe, her pussy.
Meanwhile, she had gotten all eight inches of me into her mouth and was squeezing me with her lips, while gently biting with her teeth. She had my balls in her hand and was pulling my sack hard enough so that I thought she'd take me apart.
I did everything I could not to come, and managed not to do so. A huge feat, since I'd never been so aroused in my life. But she wasn't trying not to, and came with a tremendous jolt of her body and a scream. Fortunately, she didn't have my cock in her teeth at that moment, or my eight inches might have ended up at two.
She let me go, turned around, and kissed me hard on the lips. I kissed her back.
"That was fantastic, Mr. Vin! It was sex!" Again, a strange way to put it, but nothing about this amazing Blonde Goddess surprised me at this point. "Now fuck me with that giant cock."
She got onto her back and I penetrated her the conventional way. She wrapped those incredible legs around my back and pulled herself up, taking all of my cock. I rammed her hard, and she started screaming. Then I came so uncontrollably that I think I must have blacked out.
I guess that was only for a few seconds. I was on top of her, with her legs still wrapped around me, and my now limp cock still inside her. I rolled off, curled up next to her, and we both drifted off to sleep.
It was only a nap. I woke up after about an hour, and saw that it was still not even eight. I looked over at her, sleeping with her long legs stretched out and her pussy very wet. All of the sudden she opened her eyes and sat up.
"What time is it? I'm starving. Did we miss dinner?"
"It's only eight. I'll see what I have."
I'd gone shopping when I pulled in last night, had a prepared stir fry mix, so I fired up the stove and had something for us in twenty minutes. We ate in the nude.
After dinner The Blonde Goddess put her clothes back on, offered a deep kiss, and left to cross the parking lot. I grabbed another beer and drank it on the sofa, just staring off into space. Then I went to bed and slept soundly until my alarm went off at 8 for another probably awful day at the fair.
When I got to my tent, unzipped the sides and got it ready, I noticed that The Blonde Goddess had already unzipped the side facing my aisle. It was too early for customers, but she went behind her counter, bent over, and lowered her shorts just long enough for me to get a peek at her ass and her pussy. She turned around, smiled, and mouthed some words, which I'm pretty sure were: "Fuck you later."
The day would turn out OK after all.