I and my brother grew up in Maryland. He stayed there, got married, and raised a family of three kids. I moved to New York City, got a good job working at a major publishing company, and never married.
My brother's oldest daughter Jenni had recently graduated from high school and now was a journalism major at a college in upper New York state. "Jennifer" was her real name, but she liked to be called Jenni. I remembered Jenni with great fondness. Even as a young teen, she was quite good looking, with a figure that matured early. In a bikini on the diving board of their backyard pool, she was quite something to look at even then.
So I didn't really think of it as much of a burden when my brother Walt asked me if I would mind visiting Jenni at her college some weekend and see how she was getting along.
"It's the first time she's ever been away from home," Walt said, "And I would like to know everything looks all right there. "
"No problem," I said, "I'll give her a call, and we'll set up a weekend. "
"Thanks a lot. "
So I did call her, and we set up a weekend for me to visit. I asked her to get the name of a nice motel where I could make a reservation for myself over the phone, and I told her I would take her out to dinner and some entertainment—if there was any entertainment there.
"Great!" she said. "I'll be looking forward to it. "
I arrived there on the bus around noon. When I got off, she was there waiting for me. She was clad in jeans and a gray sweatshirt with the name of the college on it.
"Uncle Dan!" she cried. "It's so great to see you!" She ran over and embraced me warmly, and I did the same for her.
"I understand that the Marriott is right in the center of town," I said.
"Yeah, it's a great location. You couldn't have picked better. "
"Well, I'd like to go there first to check in and rest up. Then why don't you come around about six, and I'll take you out to dinner. "
"Great!" "Since you know the town better than I do, you can tell me where you would like to have dinner and what you would like to do afterward," I suggested.
"The Coach House is the nicest restaurant in town. I'll walk you to the Marriott. "
"Okay. "
Jenni called me from the lobby of the Marriott at 6. I had changed clothes and so had she. She had on an unusual and kind of sexy outfit of a denim sleeveless vest zippered up the front and a fairly short denim skirt zippered down the front, apparently no stockings and matching low-heeled denim shoes. It made a delectable picture with her five-foot-six frame and shoulder-length blond hair.
"You look lovely," I said.
"Thank you. So do you. "
I laughed.
The Coach House restaurant was only two blocks away, so we walked there. As promised, it was a very nice place. She had the broiled lobster tail, and I had the Chicken Marsala, and we split a bottle of French chardonnay. By the time we had finished, she seemed to be quite jolly from the wine.
"So what do you do for entertainment around here?" I asked.
"Well, there's one movie theater, but it's showing 'Big Fish', and I already saw that. " She smiled. "Actually, probably the best entertainment is at the Alpha Omega fraternity house. "
"What's that?"
"Well, the house mother always has Saturday and Sunday off, so they put on a "Classic Movie Night" Saturday at eight in the downstairs recreation room, and anyone is invited free, as long as they come as a couple. I've never been since I'm not dating anyone yet, but I've heard about it. "
"What do you mean?"
"The 'classic' movie they show is actually a porn classic, like 'Debbie Does Dallas' or something like that, and couples are invited to join in the fun. I understand that anything goes. It's like a Roman Orgy. . . I hear. "
"You've never been?"
"No, but I would like to see what it's like—just out of curiosity. "
"And you inviting me to this scandalous affair?"
"Would you? It might be fun. And you don't have to stay if you don't want to. "
"Why not? As you said: There's nothing else to do. "
"Good. "
We had a couple of after-dinner cordials, then headed over to the Alpha Omega house around 8:30.
The Classic Movie Night was already in full swing when we arrived and stumbled around in the semi-darkness of the recreation room to find a seat. Finally, we found an unoccupied couch and sat down. I looked at the movie on the screen at the end of the room. Several naked bodies were doing several naked things, but I did not recognize the "classic. "
What was more interesting was the people around the room. There seemed to be about thirty of them, evenly divided into men and women. Although the room was semi-dark, you still had a pretty good view of what was going on. I counted three girls servicing their boyfriends with blowjobs, one girl sitting astride her boyfriend's lap with her skirt pulled up and her bare bottom exposed, and another girl facing the other way, outward, so everyone could have a view of her pretty muff as it went up and down on his penis.
"Wow! I said.
"I warned you. Do you want to leave?"
"No. As you hinted: This is the best show in town. "
We watched the movie and this three-ring sexual circus for another fifteen minutes. During that time, I noticed that a young man with a video camera and a young lady beside him were going around the room and occasionally turning the camera light on and video taping an interesting couple. Finally they got opposite us.
"Jenni! How nice of you to finally come. Who's you friend?"
She stammered. "Ah, this is my friend Don, from home. "
The other girl smiled "You know what they say: Older men make the best lovers. And speaking of which, this is a group activity. You can't watch if you don't participate. "
Jenni nodded.
"Okay, we'll be back. "
"What do they want you to do?" I asked when the woman left.
"They want us to participate in some way. . . . "
"What do you suggest?"
"Maybe you could just kiss me. "
"I would enjoy that. " Actually, I would LOVE that. I had been enamored of Jenni since she had been a young teen. I reached my hand behind her head, pulled her to me and kissed her. What began as a light friendly kiss soon was a passionate exchange, as she thrust her tongue inside my mouth, and I did the same to her. Finally, we broke loose.
"Wow!" I said. "I think that is one of the most erotic experiences I have ever had. I guess it's the result of many years of pent-up desire. I always did have a thing for you, even when you were only sixteen. "
"Try fifteen. I used to see the way you looked at me in my bikini. I had a crush on you too. I used to lie in my bed at night and pretend we were doing it. "
"You mean. . .?"
"Yes, girls do that too, you know. "
"So is that where we have to stop—with mutual confessions?"
To answer my question, she took my hand and raised it to the zipper of her vest. I pulled the zipper all the way down to her waist and separated the two parts. As I had suspected, she was not wearing a bra.
"I've been wanting to do this for a long time," I said, as I cupped her left breast and bent down to suck on her right nipple. She began to breathe deeply. "Does this zipper work?" I asked after awhile, touching the one at her waist. She nodded and pulled it a few inches down. I pulled it the rest of the way and separated the two sides of her short skirt. She was wearing light blue cotton panties. "Sit up a bit," I said. She did, and I hooked my fingers under the waistband of her panties and slowly pulled them down her legs until they were around her ankles. Then I looked candidly at her beautiful little sand-colored muff. Now she was nearly naked in a room full of strangers.
"What about this zipper?" she asked, as she leaned over and unzipped my pants. Then she reached her delicate left hand in, felt around and gradually pulled it out. It was already engorged—and no wonder. "It's wet on the top," she said.
"You could lick that off. "
She pushed her skirt aside and got down on the floor in front of me. Then she took it in both hands, licked the tip for a few moments, then took it into her mouth. She started to gag a little. "Sorry," she said with a smile and with tears in her eyes, "You're really big. "
"No wonder. This is like a dream come true. "
"For me too. " She took it in her mouth again and this time took it all the way down to the hilt, and then up again, and then down again.
Finally, I could stand it no more and pushed her away. "Jenni, I have to know. Is this going to be it—or are we going to do the whole thing?"
She did not answer but stood and straddled my lap. Then she pulled off her vest so that the only thing she was wearing was a smile, her shoes, and white knee socks. She took it again, closed her eyes, and slowly impaled herself until our pubic hairs were mingling.
"I just thought of something: I'm not using a rubber," I said.
"That's all right. Mom insisted I go on the pill before I went to college. She didn't want me to accidentally get pregnant. "
"Then we have your mom to thank for this. "
"Right. You'll have to thank her when you see her. "
"I will. "
"I was just thinking of something. Is this incest?"
"I don't think so. Father-daughter is incest, but I think uncle-niece is okay in the state of New York. "
"Daddy would probably know, being a lawyer. You should ask him. "
"I will. "
Then the girl and the man with the camera came around again. "All right, Jenni!" she exclaimed. "Wow! What a show we have here. Lights! Camera! Action!"
The cameraman turned on his light and did indeed shoot us. Other people in the audience applauded. At first Jenni was embarrassed, but then she got into it. She raised her hands above her head and clasped them like a champ. Then she leaned over and gave me another big kiss. More applause. Finally, they turned off the camera and left.
"What happens to the videotape?" I asked.
"It's supposed to never leave the house. "
"I hope not. I wouldn't want to see us on 'America's Naughtiest Home Videos. '"
She put her hands on my shoulders. "Let's get back to what we were doing," she said, and closing her eyes, she concentrated on tightening her muscles around my shaft.
"Wow! Once the boys find out you can do that, you'll have NO shortage of dates. "
She laughed. "I practiced on a kielbasa pretending it was you. " She continued sliding slowly up and down my slippery shaft. She leaned over and whispered in my ear. "This is like a sexual fantasy come true. "
"For me too," I said. But I could stand it no longer. "I'm going to come," I muttered.
"Me too. "
I exploded inside of her, and I could also feel her suddenly get wetter "down there. " She collapsed against me.
Finally we were finished. She disengaged herself and unable to find anything else, cleaned us up with her cotton panties and tossed them into a nearby basket. Then she got dressed, and I zipped up.
We were in front of the Marriott before either one of us said anything. I think we both were savoring the experience.
"I forgot to tell you: I checked out for the night at the dorm. "
"Meaning what?"
"I can't go back tonight. "
"I guess you'll have to sleep in the park. "
"Do you have a double bed in your room?"
"Of course. "
"Do you want some company?"
"Only if she doesn't wear underwear. "
Jenni looked around, then gently raised the front of her skirt.
"It's a deal," I said.
"Why don't you go up first, and I'll wait ten minutes and then visit you. "
"Okay. "
It was an interesting night to say the least, but I don't think either one of us got any sleep
Two days later her father called me at my apartment in New York.
"Did you see Jenni?" he asked.
"Yes, I did. "
"How did she look?"
"She looked just fine. " Little did he know how I meant that.
And little did he know how often I visited her up there.