Day 3
After the crazy events at the strip club the prior night we slept in the next morning, both of us exhausted from two days of too much rich food and late nights. I woke up spooned into Dana, feeling her warmth and softness, smelling the scent of her hair on my face. My body responded as it usually does when I'm this close to her and I quickly developed an erection that snuggled itself between the full cheeks of her ass. I tried to stay still so as not to wake her, but my cock had a mind of its own, making small movements against her. Dana stirred a little and then woke.
"Umm, it's nice to wake up in your arms," she said softly, stroking my forearm.
"It's nice to wake up holding you my love," I said back, softly kissing her neck.
"I think someone else is awake too," Dana said, wiggling her ass against my erection.
"He's pretty much always awake when he's next to you like this," I told her. Dana had put on a large T-shirt to sleep in but no panties, so my cock was rubbing on smooth bare flesh, the shirt having ridden up during the night. "I can't blame him - you feel fabulous dear," I said softly into her ear. My free hand went under the covers and her shirt to run across her belly and up to a firm breast. Dana's nipple was already hard as my palm grazed over it.
"Someone woke up horny," she commented as I caressed her.
"How could I not?" I answered. "You were so sexy last night - you have a promising career as a top-level stripper." I saw a flush of pink in Dana's face at the mention of her performance at the strip club.
"I can't believe I did that," she said resignedly.
"You won the contest, you were amazing," I told her. "And I think you had fun doing it - you seemed to really warm up to the crowd by the third song. And your encore song was fantastic - how much did you make in tips?"
"About $400 I think," she admitted.
"See, the crowd loved you! Dana, you're incredibly beautiful and sexy. I've been trying to help you realize that."
"I'm still embarrassed that I was dancing in front of all those people with nothing but a G-string on!"
"No one in that crowd knows who you are," I assured her. "To them you're Cinnamon the incredible amateur, and you'll never see them again. Anyway, it's over, and I'm proud of you. It took a lot of courage to do that, my sexy wife."
I had been running my hand over her while we were talking and Dana showed signs of her building desire. I slipped my hand down to her pussy and felt the wetness of her arousal there. As I began sliding my fingers over her labia I pressed my hard cock into her backside.
"Does us talking about you stripping last night get you this wet?" I asked her. "Thinking about all those men looking at your body and wanting you?" Dana's breath quickened as I caressed her.
"No, of course not," she protested. "I'm reacting to you."
"I like that I make you wet and ready for me," I whispered in her ear. "Why don't you turn over and get on top of me."
Dana turned and slid a leg over me as I moved onto my back. Now she was straddling me, my cock trapped beneath her crotch. I could feel the dampness of her on me as my hands went under the nightshirt and began to explore her fabulous body. I ran my palms over her smooth thighs and over her hips and then her side. Moving up her side I shifted inward to cup her pendulous breasts in my hands, marveling as always at their beauty. I palmed the underside of each breast and ran my thumbs over Dana's nipples, making her gasp. She began to rock against my cock, sliding her slit over my shaft, pleasuring herself as it rubbed against her clit.
"Making love to you is so magical," I told her as we continued to excite each other. Dana leaned down to kiss me, and as we kissed deeply my hands moved to her rear to guide her movements against me. She lifted her hips, freeing my cock, and moved to capture it at her opening. We kissed passionately as she eased down my body, my cock slowly entering her. The incredible feel of her slowly taking me into the velvet slickness of her almost made me climax but I resisted, wanting this to last, wanting it to be as special for her as it was for me. Dana purred as we joined, enjoying our coupling as much as I was. We were still for a moment, reveling in the feel of each other, before we began to rock in the rhythm of lovemaking.
"Lift up," I coaxed her, and Dana rose off my chest. I gathered the nightshirt bottom and helped her lift it over her head, revealing her fabulous breasts. My hands were still on her ass, guiding her movements on my cock. I lifted my head to kiss between her breasts and run my tongue over her smooth flesh. Dana's hands went into my hair to hold me there as I moved to find her nipple. I knew sucking her nipple was incredibly exciting for her, so as I began I wasn't surprised when she pulled my head into her to increase the sensation.
"Yes baby, suck my nipple," she encouraged me. As I sensed her growing arousal I increased suction and began to use my teeth in light bites on the prominent nub.
"God yes," Dana moaned, and her movements against my groin increased in speed as she ground herself down on me. I held her ass tightly as I began to thrust into her with longer, deeper motions, bringing each of us closer to climax. Dana moaned as I left her nipple but gasped as I moved to the other, quickly building the intensity of my attention to it. Dana moved more frantically on me and I pulled her down against my groin, putting pressure on her clit as I thrust into her. I could tell she was ready to climax, so I let myself go, letting the sensation of our lovemaking sweep over me and take me to my own climax. My orgasm began just before hers, and I was pulsing my seed into her as Dana climaxed with me.
"Oh, David - David," she gasped out. "You love me so good!" Then, as our climaxes played out, we were kissing again, a kiss of passion, gratitude and love. Sated for the moment Dana's head sank to my shoulder and my arms wrapped around her as she lay on me, still joined.
"I love you so much, my sexy wife," I said softly.
"I love you too dear," she told me. "Being with you like this is so special."
We rested like that for a long while, just enjoying each other. Eventually nature called, and we had to stir ourselves. We took care of personal needs, ordered room service breakfast and jumped into the shower, enjoying the intimacy of washing each other. I left Dana washing her hair in the shower, dried myself and threw on a robe just in time to answer the door. We ate a leisurely breakfast in the suite's spacious living area, both of us in robes, which felt like the height of luxury. As we ate, we talked about our plans for the day - basically none except relaxation at the large hotel pool.
Since Vegas pools had a reputation for being wild at times I had reserved a cabana that should give us some quiet and privacy. It also offered shade in a private sitting area and a bathroom. We had it for the day, so there was no need to rush getting there. We finally got our act together around noon and got dressed for the pool. My prep was simple - bathing suit, shirt and flip-flops. Sunglasses and ball cap finished my outfit, and after I tossed sunscreen into a bag I was good to go. Dana's life is much more complicated. She did makeup while in her robe and fixed her long raven hair in a bun. Picking which sandals to wear took some time as well. When she went into the bathroom and closed the door, I figured some new element had surfaced.
"About ready dear?" I asked cautiously through the door.
"Yes, I just need to put my suit on," was the answer.
"Why do you need to do that in the bathroom?" I asked.
"Because it's a surprise for you," I was told, which shut me up. I love surprises, especially when they involve my wife's clothing. Her two 'surprise' dresses on this trip had been well worth the wait. I couldn't wait to see the swimsuit! I heard the door being unlocked and Dana emerged in a patterned blue coverup that tied at the waist with a belt and went down to her upper thigh. She was barefoot but her long legs looked great, revealed just enough by the coverup. Dana spun to let me see the backside and stopped facing me again. She played with the belt on the coverup, loosening it but not opening the garment.
"Are you ready for the reveal?" she asked with a sly smile.
"Past ready," I told her. "I'm always hungry to see you in something as revealing as a swimsuit."
"Then I hope this satisfies your appetite," she said, slowly pulling the sides of the coverup apart and letting it slip off her shoulders to the floor. I was speechless for a few seconds; Dana had on a sheer-looking white bikini that was easily the sexiest and most revealing swimsuit I'd ever seen her wear. I assumed it was sheer because I could see the bumps of her nipples in the fabric and a hint of a cameltoe in the bottoms. The top consisted of two cups connected by a white fabric string. The cups each covered perhaps two-thirds of her breasts, the entire inner curves of her breasts revealed and pushed inward. The bottom was equally skimpy, with enough fabric to cover her crotch but narrowing quickly on the sides to strings tied on each hip. I assumed the back was a thong; when Dana spun around I saw it had a strip of fabric three inches wide, so not quite a thong. She looked at me expectantly, clearly very invested in my reaction.
"My god Dana,' I finally managed to say. "You look incredible. That suit is going to cause heart attacks at the pool!"
"So, you like it?" she asked. "Do you think I should wear it?"
"Like it? No, I love it," I told her. "You absolutely should wear it! It fits your Cinnamon persona perfectly."
Her reaction to that wasn't as positive as I hoped, so I quickly backtracked.
"I assume you're wearing it for me, and I love it." I told her. "I'm proud to be your husband and proud of my beautiful wife. And I enjoy having other men see you and wish they were me."
That went over better. I moved to her and took her in my arms. "You know I'm going to be checking you out and lusting after you all day, don't you," I asked her. "Unless you want to stay in the room - I'm good with taking this off you and making love you for the rest of the day too."
Dana laughed at that, relaxing a bit and gaining confidence.
"We just made love a little while ago tiger," she told me. "Don't you need to recharge?"
"You underestimate how much you inspire me," I answered. "But why don't you put on the coverup and we'll go to the pool," I suggested. "You can always come back and change. Or take another suit with you. But I vote for this one!"
Dana picked up the coverup and put it on, then put on sandals with a low heel. A quick elevator ride and walk took us to the enormous pool. It took a minute to find someone to help us, but we eventually made our way to the cabana, where a pool guy introduced himself.
"Good afternoon, I'm Jeff. I'll be your server today - if you need anything at all just let me know. There's a wine list, bar choices and a menu on the table over there."
"Dave and Dana," I told him. "I'm guessing the lady would like a mimosa and I'll have a Bloody Mary."
"Excellent! I'll get those right away." he told us and he trotted off.
We checked out the cabana, which seemed nice. Outside, it had a table with four chairs, several loungers and an umbrella. There was a door to a bathroom on one side and a wide double door that opened to a sitting area, complete with couch, table, chairs, and wide screen TV. Various snacks were in a basket on the indoor table. "Very nice," I commented and Dana agreed. We were on the end of a row of cabanas, so one side was bordered by shrubs and the other by another cabana. Potted plants formed a border of sorts between the cabanas, none of which were occupied at the moment. I'd have celebrated that, but it was early for Vegas. People would probably show up at some point.
Dana went into the cabana to take off her coverup and was facing away from me when Jeff returned with our drinks. He was setting them down as she slipped the garment down her arms.
"Jeff," I said quietly. "Do you hunt?"
"A little," he answered, arranging the drinks on coasters.
"OK, then you probably know - rule number one is never startle the game." I said, nodding at Dana. He looked confused until she turned and he saw her in the bikini. His face showed momentary shock and his jaw dropped but he recovered nicely.
"I...I brought your drinks; first round is complementary. Let me know if you need anything else."
"Thanks Jeff," I replied. "We'll probably want to order food in an hour or two."
"No problem, I'll be by regularly," he said, glancing at Dana again. I had no doubt he would be, if only to get another look at her.
Dana began to put on sunscreen - I offered to help and was told I could do her back after she lay down on a lounge. I watched her apply the lotion to herself, wishing my hands were spreading across those big boobs and her tight lower belly. Finished, she spread a towel on a lounge and lay down on her stomach.
"Your turn dear," she told me, and I hurried over to her with the sunscreen. I straddled her, resting myself on her backside and started on her shoulders and neck and worked my way down her back.
"Mmm, your hands feel so good on me," she murmured as I caressed her. I slipped both hands under her arms to put lotion where the sides of her breasts were squeezed from under her. Dana shifted but didn't complain. I slid down to her upper thighs so I could do her lower back. Leaning forward my erection - hell yes, I was hard! - nestled in the tiny bit of fabric covering her ass. I stayed like that until her back was done, then moved down further to lotion the full cheeks of Dana's ass.
"I've already done there Sparky," Dana told me with an amused tone.
"Can't be too cautious," I said back, massaging the firmness of her rear. "This part rarely sees the sun - how would you sit down if you get burned here?" That got me a little snort from her, but I stuck with my task until her ass was thoroughly covered. For a bonus I put lotion on the backs of her thighs and spread it, my hands slipping down to her inner thighs and pressing against her pussy. Dana's breath caught and she twisted a little, but no complaints.
"Thank you," she said as I lifted off her. "I'm going to just lay here for a bit."
"Enjoy," I told her. "I'll be at the table if you need anything."
"Another mimosa would be good."
When Jeff came by, I told him we needed another mimosa. He seemed hypnotized by the sight of Dana's ass as she lay on the lounge; when he refocused on me he was embarrassed.
"Sorry man," he said quietly.
"No need to apologize," I told him. "I like to look at her too. No harm done, but try to not get caught." He nodded and hurried off to get the drink. While he was gone Dana lifted off the lounge, I assumed to turn over.
"I'm going into the water to cool off," she told me. "Be back in a sec." I watched her walk away, her hips swaying and ass rolling, making my erection start to awaken.
Jeff returned with her drink just as she was coming out of the water. He glanced at her and quickly turned to put the drink on the table. As Dana got closer what I saw made my erection come to full mast.
"Dear lord," I mumbled as I watched her. The white suit - now wet - had turned transparent, and Dana's breasts were clearly outlined through the fabric, her nipples exposed as if she was topless. Her bottom was transparent enough that I could see the small landing strip of hair she left above her pussy and the top of her folds.
"Turn around and tell her you brought her drink," I told Jeff. "But be cool."
Jeff was confused again but did as I instructed. By then Dana was almost to the lounge and we were both being treated to what amounted to full frontal nudity. I heard him mutter 'damn' very softly.
"Here's your mimosa, Mrs. Griffen," he managed to say.
"Thank you Jeff," Dana said, seemingly unaware of the show she was putting on. "Please put it on the side table here by the lounge." Jeff walked the few steps to do that, bringing him even closer to her. His hand shook a little as he put the drink down and he quickly turned toward me. He had a stunned look on his face as he looked at me, so I reassured him with a quick wink. After sipping from her drink Dana elevated the back of the lounge a little and lay down on her back, looking out at the pool. She settled in like that and I saw her doze off to sleep. The suit dried quickly and was soon opaque again, much to my disappointment.
She woke about 40 minutes later, probably due to a loud commotion on the other side of the pool. There was an announcer there trying to work up the people in the pool. It was about 3:30 in the afternoon and a decent number of people were in the water by now. Dana finished her drink, got up and came over to me.
"I wonder what that's all about," she said. "It's certainly noisy enough."
"Let's go see," I suggested. "I want to get wet anyway."
Dana looked around the cabana area and decided our things would be safe, so we waded into the pool. The water was chest-high on me, just above Dana's breasts. As we got closer I saw that the sign said, 'RUB ONE OUT FOR CHARITY' and laughed.
"What does that even mean?" asked my somewhat naive wife.
"Well, 'rub one out' is slang for masturbation, but I doubt that's what it really means," I told her. As we got near the make-shift stage where the announcer was, we realized that they were promoting a charity auction where people bid to apply suntan lotion on volunteers.
"We should totally do that!" I told Dana, who looked at me in horror.
"I'm not going to go up there and let some stranger molest me!" she replied.
"No, no of course not. I'll bid to do it. Come on, it's for charity. It will be fun." My motivation was that this another opportunity to have her come out of her shell and show off her fabulous body.
To my surprise Dana agreed and we made our way to the side of the stage, where volunteers were lined up. There were five in front of us, four young women and one man. I was surprised to see him, but he was very good-looking and fit, so why not? The women were all mid-twenties and attractive, but not in Dana's class. Dana had to sign a permission slip and release form, basically agreeing that anything that happened was all in good fun - and for charity, of course. Done with that, I left her to go back to the pool to be ready to bid.
The bidding began and the process was simple enough. A young woman in a bikini went out to the announcer, who made a few remarks like a sales pitch and asked the crowd to bid on the right to apply sunscreen to her body. The opening bid had to be at least $50. The bidding got up to $200 before a winner was declared; a young man then hopped onto the stage and began covering her in lotion, with a lot of joking from the announcer whenever he approached her breasts or ass.
What I didn't realize was that there was a cameraman covering the process and projecting it on a mega-screen above the stage for the benefit of the crowd. The process was repeated for two more women and the guy, and then it was Dana's turn. As she walked out on the stage there were a lot of whistles and whoops at the curvy woman in a skimpy bikini. The announcer took one look at her and clutched his heart. Dana, of course, blushed vividly and gave him a nervous smile.
"I may break the rules and bid myself," he said to the crowd. "And if I do, I now declare myself the winner! No, seriously, I do want to bend the rules for this goddess - Dana!" he said, looking at his list. "We're going to have two auctions, one for her front and one for her back. Let's start with the front!"
Bidding went up quickly - most auctions had been won at around $200; this one was at $500 in the blink of an eye. I joined in at $600 and got into a contest of wills with someone. I was finally able to win at $1,000 but that meant I was tapped out for the second half. Dana's backside went for $800.
The announcers decided to do Dana's backside first and a fortyish man hopped up on stage. He was given a bottle of lotion and made a great show of working his way up the backs of Dana's legs, stopping short of her rear. He moved to her shoulders and dripped lotion on either shoulder, rubbing it into her skin there and her neck. Squinting lotion into his hand, the lucky winner continued to Dana's lower back, finally reaching her suit bottom. The suit's bottom was nothing more than a string except in the middle. He used both hands to go over Dana's hips, saving the fullness of her ass for last. His hands were on Dana's hips when he playfully pulled her into him; I was more than surprised when she shook her ass as he pressed into her!
Dana pulled away and he put lotion on both hands and made a great show of lotioning both cheeks at the same time. He wandered under the fabric covering the crease of her ass, pressing it inward until it was very close to a thong. At that point the announcer said it was time to move on and bring up the second winner - me.
"I think you definitely got your money's worth," he told the first winner as he hopped off the stage.
I climbed up on stage and smiled at my lovely wife, who didn't look as pissed at me as I thought she would. I was handed a bottle of lotion and moved close to her.
"Behave yourself," she told me as I crouched to do her legs.
"I always do," I told her. "Just badly, sometimes."
I put lotion in each hand and rubbed it on her long legs, making sure to cover her inner thighs. The crowd got rowdy as I approached her crotch, but I was saving my bad behavior for her top. I lotioned her belly and jumped to her shoulders. I was looking into her eyes as I spread the lotion over both shoulders and headed down her chest. Dana had a smile that told me she expected I would do something - who was I to disappoint? I spread lotion over the inside of each breast and quickly moved my palms inside the cups of her suit.
As I started to pull the cups away from Dana's breasts the announcer jumped in.
"Whoa! Can't do that!" he said quickly. "Topless isn't allowed until 6:00 at this pool! Though I'd love for you two to come back them, because those are some prime ta-ta's!"
Dana was blushing a vivid pink on her face and down her chest. I withdrew my hands and made a 'I tried' gesture to the now-raucous crowd.
"I can't believe you did that," Dana whispered to me. But I still had one trick left.
"Will another $100 buy me a kiss?" I asked the announcer.
He looked at Dana, who rolled her eyes; when he nodded yes I pulled her into me and kissed her. The crowd went crazy.
We went off the stage and decided to walk around the pool rather than risk the increasingly rowdy crowd. It was a good choice for that reason alone, but also kept Dana's bikini dry, which proved important when we got to the cabana. The cabana next to us, empty when we left, was now home to about twenty young men whose ages looked to range from 25-30. They were relatively quiet - just warming up, I guessed. The reaction to Dana in her dry suit was typically male; if her suit had been wet all bets would have been off.
Dana settled back onto her lounge after asking Jeff for white wine. She took out her iPad and started doing something on it - I knew she was still a bit grumpy about the whole lotion thing so I decided to give her a little space. I was about to order something when one of our new neighbors walked over and invited me next door for a drink. Feeling sociable (and giving Dana time and space to forgive me) I accepted and was soon chatting with a few of the guys.
The occasion turned out to be a bachelor party weekend - they had arrived at the cabana later than planned because several had to recover from the night before. They asked about Dana and I told them she was my wife.
"Dude, no offense but your wife is epically hot," one of the younger ones said.
"Don't I know it," I told him. "Not sure how I landed her - I must have been having a good day."
"Or maybe you have a big dick," another suggested. He backed off when I gave him the Marine Corps look.
"Just kidding man, sorry. You're a lucky guy - she's hot to begin with, but that bikini..."
"She wore that as a treat for me," I told him. "But if you guys make a big deal of it, she'll change out of it in a heartbeat."
"OK, stay cool, got it. Any chance you can get her to come over? We're trying to attract women, and they seem to flock together. Maybe if they saw her with us.."
"I'll try," I told him. "But don't count on it."
I went over to the lounge and leaned down to kiss Dana on the neck. She seemed to accept that, so I pressed on.
"I think we should go next door and be sociable for a little while," I suggested.
"Why would we do that?"
"They seem like nice guys, and we might be doing them a favor," I explained." They're trying to attract women to their cabana, and they think you being there would help."
Dana was amused by that. "So, I'm to be a Judas goat?" she asked.
"I don't think it's quite that sinister," I said. "Come on, just for a little while."
"Let me get my coverup," Dana said. "I'm not going into a crowd of 20 horny guys dressed like this."
Dana put on her coverup and we headed over. The guys supplied us with drinks and we were soon chatting. A little while turned into a longer while because some of them were Pittsburgh Steeler fans like Dana and they bonded. So I got to listen to a lot of Steeler analysis, complaints, etc.
Six o'clock arrived and an announcement came over loudspeakers that topless bathing was now allowed. The guys all looked at Dana expectantly. Even wearing the coverup, it was obvious that Dana had spectacular tits.
"Not happening guys," was her quick reply. The subject was dropped, to my relief. About fifteen minutes later the sun had gone down enough that the cabanas were in shadow, so Dana took off her sunglasses. It was a matter of minutes before a slightly inebriated partier came over and looked at her closely.
"Was that you dancing at The Essex last night?" he asked bluntly.
Dana blushed and answered, "No, I think you're mixing me up with someone else."
He looked at Dana again. "It was you! Cinnamon, right? You won the amateur contest - you were amazing!"
It was clear he wasn't going to give up, so I intervened. "The lady says it wasn't her pal. Let it go."
"No, you don't understand - no offense! That was the most awesome stripper routine I've ever seen! We couldn't get anywhere near the stage for your encore dance. Then we were hoping you would do table dances - we wanted to have you give our groom Chet a lap dance!"
Dana was blushing and increasingly uncomfortable as we listened to him. I looked at the others and they figured out I wanted them to take him away. He was ushered off and after an awkward pause Dana and her fellow fans went back to the Steelers. I had tuned that whole conversation out until voices rose and it was clear there was a disagreement about something. By this time, I figured Dana had drunk at least six drinks with little or no food and was in that zone where her self-control was reduced and her sex drive was enhanced.
"Fine, you're so sure, let's bet on it," she challenged Sam, who was the Best Man in the wedding party.
"OK, I'll put up $200," he told her. "But I don't want your money."
"Then what?" Dana asked.
"I know you say you aren't Cinnamon, but I was there, and I think you are. So if I win, I want you to dance for our groom Chet - it would be the highlight of the bachelor trip. Three songs and an encore, just like last night, with the last song a lap dance for our boy."
I tried to intervene, not liking where this was going.
"Dana says it wasn't her, so there's no point." I knew she was out of control when I heard,
"My husband wants me to show off more, be sexier. So even if I'm not Cinnamon I think he wouldn't mind that. You're on! But it's academic because I know I'm right."
They shook hands on the bet and someone pulled up Google to resolve the argument. When he found the page he needed, it showed that Sam was right and Dana was wrong. Dana looked shocked for a moment but gathered herself.
"I hope you're not going back on our bet," Sam said when he saw her reaction.
"No, a bet is a bet," she told him. "When and where?"
"Now, right here."
I stepped in. "No, that's not happening. We'll do it in the cabana, and with a small group. Who was at the Essex last night?"
"Chet, me and the five groomsmen who came here," Sam told me. I looked at Dana, who nodded that was OK.
"Then that's who can be there," I told him. "No one else. Door locked. No phones, no pictures, no video. And it's just a dance - no one touches Dana unless she says so. Now quietly get your group into the cabana and let's get this over with."
Dana and I went to their cabana; I checked to make sure she was OK as we went.
"I'm fine - a few dances and it's over, no big deal."
The group gathered quickly in the main room of the cabana and we locked the door. Chet sat in the middle of the couch, the others in chairs or standing around the room. Some enterprising young man had brought his iPad with him and had already found the same songs Dana danced to the night before. She was standing in the middle of the room, her coverup still on, when 'Girls, Girls, Girls' started playing.
Dana smiled as she recognized the song. "If this was a song from last light someone was paying attention," she said as she started to move to the music. She seemed much more relaxed than I would have expected. 'How many mimosas had she had?' I wondered.
"Who was there last night?" she asked. Everyone's hand went up including Chet. Dana moved in front of him and started swaying to the music.
"Last night my husband told me - 'no one here knows you, no one will recognize you' - was he right, did you recognize me baby?"
Chet shook his head and croaked out 'No.'
"Maybe this will help," Dana said seductively. She untied the coverup belt and slipped the garment off her shoulders, letting it slide down her arms to the floor. Chet's eyes widened at the sight of her in the sexy white bikini. Reaching up, Dana undid her hair bun and let her beautiful long black hair fall to her shoulders, shaking her head to spread it. She swayed in front of Chet like this for a few moments, then slowly turned to show everyone her new look.
"How about now?" she asked, returning her attention to Chet. He shook his head 'yes.'
"You don't seem sure," Dana said playfully. "David, bring me one of those bottles of water please."
I grabbed a water, opening it as I took it to her, not sure what she was going to do. Dana moved closer to Chet and put one foot next to him on the couch, then started pouring the water over her upper chest, her breasts and finally her stomach. The water turned her bikini transparent, just like her dip in the pool had done. The rest of the room couldn't see the effect, but Chet's face told them that it was amazing. His eyes roamed Dana's body, not sure where to focus.
Dana took her foot off the couch and backed away to dance in front of him, her bikini revealing her breasts and the landing strip at her sex. Then she turned to the rest of the room, to a chorus of stunned 'Sweet Jesus' and 'Dear god' mutters.
I watched, stunned by my wife, who until recently had been very conservative about showing her body. Dana smiled at me as she danced with her hands over her head, displaying her bikini-shrouded breasts.
"Yes dear," she told me. "I know the suit turns transparent when wet - I bought it, didn't I? The look on your and the cabana boy's faces when I got out of the pool made me glad I decided to surprise you."
Katy Perry's song came on and Dana turned back to Chet, who had been enjoying his view of her ass. Dana smiled as he reached to adjust himself, his erection now obvious in his swimsuit.
"Did I do that?" Dana teased. "Maybe one of your friends can help you with it - I don't think I can be that naughty. Can I dear?" she asked, looking at me.
I shook my head no. Dana moved to kneel on the couch next to Chet, who looked very happy to have her that close to him.
"Now I'm told," she began, "that Cinnamon danced topless to this song. Is that right?" A chorus of 'yes!' came in response. "So I suppose I have to be true to the evening," she said, twisting so Chet could see the tie to her top on her back. "Could you help a girl out?" she asked him.
Chet wasted no time in reaching for the bow at her back and undoing it. Dana raised her arms so he could bring the two strings to her front and let him lift the bikini away from her breasts. You could hear Chet inhale deeply as he saw the two beautiful globes almost in his face. Dana lifted the top over her head and tossed it in my direction, then twisted to lie on her back on Chet's lap.
"I get accused of having had a boob job all the time. Feel them," she prompted him. "So you can tell your friends if they're real or not."
Chet's hands came around Dana to cup her breasts and gently caress them. "Very real," he announced. "And very incredible." He kept running his palms over her breasts until Dana lifted away and turned to him.
"This song's almost over," she said. "Do you mind if I dance for everyone else until it's done?"
No, go ahead," Chet told her, a bit of regret in his voice.
Dana walked away from him to the nearest groomsman and ran her hands over his chest. His hands went up as if to feel her breasts but she took them in hers.
"No touching the dancer honey," she told him and moved on.
Sam was standing next to this exchange. Dana went up to him and said, "Best Man - can you live up to that?"
"I'd love to show you I can," he answered back. Dana ran her hands over his chest and smiled.
"I bet you would." She danced in front of several men who were sitting and finally came to me. "There's no rule against the dancer touching you," she told me with a wink. Her hand stroked my erection through my trunks.
"I think my husband likes me being naughty," she told the room. "He should love this next song..."
I leaned toward her and whispered, "Be careful what you start here - six horny guys beside Chet." Dana laughed and walked back to Chet, picking up her coverup and putting it on but not tying it. The other men groaned in disappointment.
"I'm putting the coverup back on because I want this song to be just us," she told Chet. "Since you were nice enough to share the last song, this whole song is yours baby." At over eight minutes I thought this was going to be an epic lap dance. I wasn't wrong. Chet was going to experience his own personal "Stairway to Heaven".
Dana started slowly dancing in front of Chet, following the early tempo of the song. She moved between his legs and let her hair cascade over his face, rising up to rub her breasts over his face. The others groaned at seeing her slowly move across his face and down his body. Now her hair was covering his trunks and it looked like she was running her face across his erection. Guys around the room were adjusting or rubbing their cocks as she continued to torture Chet like this. She finally moved back up his body and rubbed her breasts into his lap, and I could see Chet fighting the urge to touch her.
The tempo of the song increased and Dana rose up to straddle Chet's legs. Her coverup was blocking most of her body, but we were catching glimpses of side boob and her rear.
Dana leaned closer to whisper something to Chet, who looked surprised. She pulled the coverup back on both sides and Chet untied the bows on her hips. Dana lifted up and he pulled the bikini bottom from under her. Dana took it from him and tossed it toward me, earning a cheer from the spectators.
As the song's tempo increased Dana moved closer and closer to Chet, until her bare sex was covering the hard lump in his trunks. She began to slowly glide over him, Chet's breathing increasing as she tortured his cock. She slipped the coverup down to expose her shoulders and breasts.
"Let me feel your hands on my skin," she said breathlessly. Chet's hands lifted to slowly run over her shoulders and back, and then to her front to caress her breasts.
"Mmm," Dana purred as he caressed her. The guitar riff started and she rocked more vigorously on his hardness. Chet's hands instinctively went to her hips as Dana rocked on him, guiding her movements. Both of them seemed oblivious to anything but their arousal and each other. Chet's hands now on her ass, Dana pulled his head down to her breasts as the song started to peak.
"Make love to my tits baby," she encouraged him, and Chet was happy to comply. I could see his mouth fasten onto one of her nipples and heard Dana moan as he sucked on it. She pulled him into her, her pelvis rocking frantically now and Chet arching up at her.
Dana seemed to sense that Chet was as close as she was; her hands went to his hair, holding him tightly.
"Yes...cum for me baby...make me cum with you..." They peaked together with the tempo of the song, Chet groaning out, 'oh my god' as Dana milked his orgasm out of him. Dana was overcome with her own climax, moaning as she moved with Chet to satisfy both of them.
I stood there, stunned at how this had developed and thanking god that at least Chet still had his trunks on. The pair moved more slowly as the song wound down, Dana pulling the coverup back onto her shoulders before she leaned in to kiss Chet.
Someone started clapping softly and everyone else joined in, awed by the epic lap dance. Dana lifted off Chet, tying her robe, her face flushed with a mix of arousal and embarrassment.
Chet stood, a huge wet spot in the front of his trunks. He hesitantly came over to me. "I hope you're OK with everything man," he said. "We got caught up in the moment - your wife is incredible."
"Yes, she is," I told him. "You're cool. But I think we have to be going now - have a good wedding." Dana came over to me and I took her in my arms, kissing her forehead. She looked up at me and I kissed her mouth, holding her to me.
"Let's go," I said hoarsely, and I guided her out the door and to our cabana. We went inside and I immediately closed the door and locked it. I took Dana in my arms again and kissed her hard, untying the coverup and stripping it off her as we kissed. I moved her to the couch and placed her so she was reclining on the front edge; stripping off my trunks, I knelt on the floor between her legs and thrust my hard cock into her.
"Oh David, oh my god," she cried out as I took her. She was soaked from her earlier climax and I entered her completely with one thrust. I began to fuck her hard - there was no lovemaking here, just primitive mating as if to reclaim what was mine. I held her hips for leverage as I took her; Dana grunted as my cock pounded into her. Her breasts were rolling on her chest as I rhythmically fucked her; I gathered them with my hands, squeezing them together and lowering my head to suck deeply on an erect nipple.
"Ohhh!" Dana moaned at the exquisite pleasure and pain. "Oh god, take me David!" She inched forward and spread her legs wider; I moved up to thrust down into her as deeply as I could.
"Yes, god yes!" she moaned as I fucked her as hard as I ever had.
"I could see you wanted Chet's cock in you," I growled as I fucked her. "Wanted him fucking you just like this! And then there were six more hard cocks waiting for you - you wanted them all!"
"No..." Dana panted in denial, though I could see a hunger in her eyes. "I only want you, only you!" Her breath caught as I thrust deeply into her and ground my pelvis down on her clit.
"Cum for me, my naughty wife," I told her. "Cum for me while imagining all those men taking you, fucking you just like this!" That image was enough to take Dana over the edge; she climaxed so hard that her legs began to shake. I ground into her to heighten her climax and then fucked her deep and fast as she came.
"Fucking you just like this," I growled. "And filling you with their cum like this!" My own orgasm burst out of me as I went deep into her one last time and emptied myself in her. Dana moaned as she continued to climax, the heat of my cum pulsing into her adding to the sensations rocking her body. And then I sagged onto her, and Dana's arms went around me as our breathing slowed, recovering from perhaps the most intense sex we had ever had. I lifted my weight off her a little but still embraced her.
"I love you, my naughty, sexy wife," I told her, shifting up to kiss her softly.
"And I love you David," she told me tenderly. "You don't think I would really let all those men take me, do you?"
"There's reality, there's fantasy and something in between," I explained to her. "I know that you love me and intend to be faithful to me, but I also think that a fantasy of yours is to be taken by a roomful of men like the ones next door. And when I played out that fantasy a few moments ago it made you climax almost instantly."
Dana was already flushed from our session but I saw a deeper blush come to her face and neck. That was OK, everyone has fantasies. But I realized that going forward I needed to control the situations I put her in. After all, just a thin piece of clothing had been the difference between the dry-humping that had happened and Chet fucking her. And if he had - who knows how many of the others would have wanted a turn!
A question for myself was - would I have stopped it? Or would I let her fantasy become reality, just as she was letting my fantasy of her being more of an exhibitionist become reality. That was a lot to think about over the next few months, until Spring training and a new series of bets. I had lost the season bet this year, but a new year always brings renewed hope - go Red Sox!