Author's Note:
These characters are from the "Sharing My Wife Amanda" and "Mandy's Sexcapades" series.
As a mild forewarning, this story contains "BDSM" and "Fetish" scenes, but seemed most appropriate to be categorized under "Group Sex".
Special thanks tothealways awesome, always sexyGoddess_of_Sunshinefor her valuable input.
**********
Compersion- "the feeling of enjoyment one gets when his/her partner receives sexual or romantic pleasure from another person."
**********
The 9thCommandment- "Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife."
**********
The way to our lake house was a meandering dirt road through rugged terrain that gradually descended to the valley floor. Navigation was slightly treacherous, but I dared to hazard a quick glance at my beautiful wife Amanda, who was seated next to me. The windows of our SUV were open, and the way her hair billowed in the wind made her appear almost wraith-like.
I shared Amanda's sense of liberation as we happily left the city behind and ventured deeper into nature.
Amanda and I, however, didn't appear to be dressed for the occasion. I was wearing a white dress shirt, my favorite tie, black pants, and black shoes that shined with polish. My wife was wearing a long sleeve, tunic-style white dress that reached halfway to her knees. The skintight fabric stretched snugly across her figure, highlighting the ungodly perfect curvature of her breasts, and of her shoulders, hips, and ass.
The dress flattered Amanda so much that she appeared more like a celestial being than a mere human.
Celestial being.Ah, what an appropriate term for my wife!
After all, Amanda was the most beautiful woman I wouldeverlay eyes on. Standing at 5'6, she possessed silky straight black silk hair that ran to her hips and constantly smelled fragrant. Yoga, regular workouts at the gym, and running 20+ miles every week may have blessed my wife with an athletic physique, including a V-shaped upper torso, toned arms and legs, and killer abs, but it didn't take away from her feminine curves. Any man-and many women- within eyesight couldn't helped but be mesmerized by her perfect 34C breasts and incredible, sculpted ass. Her brown, slightly almond-shaped eyes gave her a decidedly exotic countenance, and always seemed to be twinkling with some sort of naughtiness or inside joke that only she was aware of. However, Amanda's adorable freckles were perhaps her sexiest physical trait of all. But all of that paled in comparison to her compassion, intelligence, and witty sense of humor.
I loved my wife more than life itself and, literally, adored the ground that she walked on.
Adored. Worshipped. Revered.
I squeezed Amanda's hand affectionately while keeping my left hand on the steering wheel. "Are you ready?" I asked.
Amanda chuckled with nervous excitement. "I'll never be ready, no matter how many times we do something crazy like this... and this will be the craziest thing we've done yet!"
I nodded solemnly in agreement. I had set my wife up with gangbangs and group sex on multiple occasions, and successfully propositioned different lovers to sleep with her so many times that I lost track long ago [refers to the "Sharing My Wife Amanda" series]. To the average person, that would've been extreme enough, but tonight was going to be different.
Tonight, we would take things to a completely different level.
**********
The dirt road transitioned into a paved driveway as Amanda and I approached our lake house. Already, we could see several figures milling by the front porch. I looked gravely at Amanda, but the anticipation made us so giddy that we burst into laughter.
"Your loyal subjects," I told her wryly.
I carefully pulled up and parked the SUV in front of the main house. The front passenger door immediately swung opened, and Amanda's long, tanned legs swung out. The gathered men practically tripped over themselves as they sought to assist her from the vehicle. Glenn and Dimitri may have reached Amanda first, but they were all present:
Glenn, who had been my wife's boss for several years before recently retiring, and old enough to be her father. He was special to Amanda, not only because of their work relationship, but because he was also her first lover outside of our marriage.
Dimitri, my best friend since grade school who had fallen hopelessly in love with my wife the moment I introduced them. They played a sexy game: whenever he and Amanda slept together, he would collect her panties as a trophy... and he currently owned an entire dresser full of her underwear.
Bryan, perhaps the most disreputable man we knew who was a member of Amanda's running group that trained together every weekend; disreputablenotbecause his entire body was adorned with exotic tattoos and body piercings but because if he wasn't bragging to their group about all the women he was bedding, then he was trying to bed all the women in their group, with my wife being at the top of the list.
Darren, a recently married, handsome young man who was Amanda's massage therapist. She had seduced him easily, but of much more significance was that fact that his beautiful wife Piper was our secret love.
Phillip, a tall, muscular, ponytailed Asian man who's reserved demeanor and unfailing politeness hid an incomparable kinkiness, the least of which included involving food during sex with Amanda.
Scott, a handsome hulk of a man married to petite brunette named Brandy, who possessed the largest breasts I had ever seen. They were, in fact, our neighbors with whom my wife and I enjoyed a swinging relationship with.
Every man standing before us was dressed formally like me, and each had been present from the beginning [refers to "Sharing My Wife Amanda Chapters 1-9"]. Amanda had bedded all of them dozens of times; sometimes individually, sometimes in groups. And just like I slept with other women with her consent, so did my wife indulge in these extramarital affairs with my blessing. Yet wealwaysreturned to each other, forever faithful.
The men's feelings for my beautiful wife were not as subtle. They didn't just desire Amanda; they lusted for her constantly. Like hopeless addicts, they needed her... needed to hear her voice, needed to feel her touch... needed to make love to her.
TheyworshippedAmanda.
A normal husband would've been horrified to know that his wife had many lovers, but this had the opposite effect on me. I would do anything to make Amanda happy, even if it meant allowing her to sleep with other people. Becauseherhappiness meantmyhappiness.
Compersion.
Plus, quite frankly, the concept of "wife sharing" or a "loving wife" had always been thrilling to me. This sordid fetish aroused me, and Amanda knew it; she embraced it and happily played to it to please me. It was the best of both worlds: I was able to proudly show off my hot wife, and she gained an abundance of sex in the process.
This mutual benefit was the secret to our wonderful marriage.
I snapped out of my reverie as Amanda's stiletto heels touched the ground. Glenn and Dimitri each presented a hand to help her to her feet. As Amanda stepped out of the SUV, she beamed them a bright smile that was absolutely devastating. "Hello, boys."
"Hello, Amanda." They responded in a single, monotone voice as if in a trance, and kissed her hand.
By now, the others had gathered around Amanda. They approached her separately and genuflected on the rocky ground. My wife's expression was tight and unreadable, but her wedding ring oddly sparkled especially bright as each man brought her hand to his lips and kissed it reverently, just as Glenn and Dimitri had done.
I stood nearby and quietly observed.
After the men finished paying respects to my wife, I indicated the SUV with a curt motion of my head. "Gentlemen, there are suitcases in the trunk. If you'd be so kind as to carry them to the master bedroom?"
They immediately complied as if sharing a hive mind.
Moments later, Amanda and I found ourselves alone in the bedroom. We were always anxious and emotional during the proverbial "calm before the storm". But today was going to be vastly different. Soon, my wife would no longer belong solely to me and while that was indescribably exciting, it was also frightening. I suddenly experienced a painful sense of loss that I forced aside. Such was the dichotomy of my love for Amanda, and the lengths I would endure to make her happy.
Her tone was naughty. "You know, babe. The festivities won't start for a little while. We have some time to... you know." She inclined her chin suggestively towards the bed.
After a protracted internal struggle, I answered with a sigh, "I'm sorry, Mandy. I can't." The words felt foreign as I uttered them. Ineverdeclined sex from my wife; so sane person would.
However, I intended to keep her body unsullied for the indoctrination.
Amanda smiled tenderly. For once, she appeared unsure and vulnerable, unlike the confident woman I knew her to be. "If that's what you think is best," she responded softly.
I pulled my wife close and touched my forehead to hers, which had been our personal sign of affection for as long as we could remember. Immediately, the warmth and firmness of her body, and the softness and fragrance of her hair, walloped me like a powerful aphrodisiac, and I suddenly wanted nothing more than to remain here with her and keep her to myself.
But I had a brand new sex cult to organize.
I eyed my hot wife up and down. She looked SO incredibly sexy in that white dress. "Come on, Mandy. Let's get you ready."
I stripped her naked.
**********
The backyard of our lake house was a wide expanse of grass that contained a huge oak tree with branches extending skyward like elongated arms. A narrow strip of sandy beach separated the grassy area from the lake. From the beach, a wharf jutted into the crystalline waters, with a small rowboat tethered to one of its wide pillars.
When I entered our backyard via the backdoor, the 6 men were already standing at attention beneath the oak tree. They held their heads high and kept their hands clasped at their midsections. Each regarded me with a serious expression. We were united by our unquestioned love for my wife, and I acknowledged them with a nod.
Then I moved aside to open the door, and Amanda stepped out.
Amanda had discarded her dress and was instead wearing a white, regal robe. Her long black silky hair was wound in a chic bun, highlighting the smooth texture of her bronze-colored skin and the flawlessness of her face. The front of the robe was conspicuously uncinched and, and depending on how she moved or if the wind blew just the right way, the flaps would flare open to expose her incomparable breasts.
Accompanying Amanda hand-in-hand, I led her over to them, where I studied each incoming member of our cult. They did their best not to stare at her overwhelming beauty, but failed miserably. I purposely waited to heighten the tension before finally addressing them. "Greetings, gentlemen. I realize that you travelled a great distance, both literally and figuratively, to be here today, and Amanda and I thank you for coming." I paused again. "Each of you were specifically chosen because you hold a special place in her heart." At that, the men beamed. "We're here right now because we love my wife and will do anything to justify her love in return. Does anyone disagree with that sentiment?"
Silence.
I glanced at Amanda through the corner of my eye, and she appeared composed. In fact, she resembled a regal queen looking down upon her loyal subjects. However, the tightness in her jaw and the faint perspiration on her temples belied a nervous anticipation.
"We gather here today to establish ourselves as a unique family." I discovered that my voice was getting stronger and more confident as I delivered my speech. "As a group with a singular purpose: to serve my wife and attend to her every need... to love and adore her unconditionally... to worship her as our newGoddess.What say you?"
"Yes!" the men shouted fanatically.
"But before you can be granted admittance... before we can officially establish our cult... each of you must complete the initiation rituals. And that is only the first step to becoming members of this new family. What say you?"
Another loud "Yes!"
I glanced at Amanda again, who could no longer contain her excitement. "It pleases our Goddess to receive such zealous affirmation. Very well, then. I will be giving further instructions throughout the day but, for now, it's time to display your love for my wife and prove your worthiness. Let the initiation rituals begin."
I nodded specifically at Darren and Dimitri, who quickly retreated into our lake house. A moment later, I gathered my wife and followed them inside.
**********
Like the Stations of the Cross, I had composed rituals partially tailored to each man to indoctrinate them into our new sex cult.
A portable massage table had already been set up in the living room when we arrived. Next to it was a cart containing various items including lotions, sprays, and scented oils. While the temperature in the valley was rapidly warming, the interior of our lake house was still somewhat cool. Because of this, the massage table was positioned before a crackling fireplace.
Darren and Bryan were standing before the massage table with their hands clasped behind their backs. They surprisingly kept their eagerness under control as they disrobed Amanda. But as her flawless nudity was revealed, their eyes nearly bulged from their sockets. However, she remained still, coolly meeting their stares as if issuing a challenge.
Trying to remain inconspicuous, I drew down the blinds of each window to darken the room. "You may begin now," I declared softly, and my penis predictably stiffened.
Darren and Bryan immediately eased my wife onto the massage table. Amanda carefully inserted her face into the cutout and lay on her stomach. The flames flickered all over her smooth backside and incredible ass as she adjusted herself, and I smiled proudly.
Darren took a tube of scented oil from the cart, and spoke lowly to his partner, who nodded. He then squirted some oil onto Bryan's hands and quietly instructed him to heat it by rubbing them together. Next, the handsome young massage therapist poured a copious amount onto his own hands, and warmed it as well. He nodded to Bryan once more, and they moved to opposite ends of the table.
There was an audible sigh from Amanda as the duo placed their strong, meaty hands on her body and rubbed the oil all over. The sight of 1 man touching my hot wife was enough to give me a full-blown erection, but the sight oftwomen sensually massaging her while she was naked almost compelled me to masturbate.
I had to painfully remind myself that I was forbidden to cum; at least, not yet.
Darren stood at Amanda's head, and commenced on her neck and shoulders. He was a highly skilled massage therapist, easily finding every knot and trigger point in her upper back. My wife had confessed to me many times over the course of their steamy affair that the young man wasVERYgood with his hands.
Bryan stood at Amanda's feet. He, of course, wasn't a trained professional like his partner, but what he lacked in skill he more than made up for in effort and a willingness to please. He worked on relieving the tension in my wife's calves, using his knuckles and even his elbows to delve deeply into her muscles. Then Amanda's running partner changed his technique. Pressing in with the base of his palm, Bryan glided his hand upward, over her right calf and up the back of her thigh, until he came to a stop at her fleshy cheek.
Bryan repeated his maneuver multiple times on both of Amanda's legs. Ordinarily a repugnant human being who couldn't keep his hands off my wife, he was surprisingly tender with his touch. Such was the effect that Amanda had on him.
Amanda emitted a glorious moan as both men worked her over. I wanted to touch her with them, but being a voyeur meant that observing was as pleasurable as joining in. I happily stood back and watched.
Darren and Bryan gradually became bolder. Their hands rubbed and explored in wider swaths all over Amanda's sexy body, and their movements were becoming noticeably heavier. And even though Amanda's face with buried in the cutout, I could hear her cooing.
"Turn her over," I commanded.
Gently, they rolled Amanda onto her back.
The sight of her magnificent breasts rising and falling as she breathed mesmerized us. But before we could break from our trance, Amanda motioned her subjects to either side of her. Then she expertly unzipped their pants and fished out their erections. The duo groaned asshebegan massagingthemin a steady rhythm, and a sly smile creased her lips.
Amanda stroked Bryan lovingly. However, she turned to Darren first and tugged him closer, close enough so she could flick her tongue over the tip of his glistening cockhead.
Darren rolled his head back and moaned, "Oh god."
Amanda nearly leveled him with her most sultry look. "Goddess," she corrected.
The young man's expression changed from divine happiness to sheer panic in the span of a heartbeat, as if fearing that my wife would stop. It was an expression he often wore when they engaged in sexual activity. "Yes... yes, I meant to say 'goddess'. I'm so sorry for the mistake, I didn't mean to-"
"Shhhh," she interjected mildly, cutting him off.
Then took Darren's cock into her mouth without further preamble.
"Oh my god," he cried hoarsely. "Oh my goddess!"
Amanda purred upon hearing the honorific, but suddenly, perhaps in an effort to tease, slid Darren out of her mouth and turned to bestow the same heavenly pleasure on Bryan. Darren revered my wife too much to complain. Instead, he reached down and played with her hair as we silently watched Bryan's thick penis sliding in and out of her mouth.
Back and forth Amanda alternated between the two, stroking whichever cock she wasn't sucking and licking. The trio was grunting and groaning in unison now, and I worried that she might cause them to climax too soon. Her head had rolled towards Darren once again, but her hand was cupping Bryan's swollen scrotum as she played with it.
Amanda's tattooed lover desperately wanted to please her. Bryan suddenly darted to the foot of the massage table again, where he promptly dropped to his knees and buried his face into her smooth pussy. Amanda flinched at the unexpected touch, but spurred by her running mate jubilantly performing cunnilingus on her, she hungrily took Darren even further down her throat. At the same time, she spread her legs wide, granting her Bryan full access between her legs.
But then Amanda suddenly changedhertechnique.
She wrapped her toned, long legs around Bryan's neck, securing him in place like a boa constrictor wrapping itself around its prey. And she popped Darren out of her mouth, stroking his slimy manhood as it hovered over her head even as she brought him closer to lick and suck his swollen scrotum.
The men lasted only another minute before their impatience finally ran too thin.
Darren pulled out of my wife's mouth and joined his partner at the foot of the massage table. Bryan, in turned, shrugged Amanda's legs from his shoulders and stood up. They stared lustfully down at her as they unzipped their pants in tandem. Darren was quicker; he grabbed Amanda's ankles and stretched them apart, ready to jam his cock into her slathered pussy.
I immediately lurched forward and barked "No!" with such ferocity that everyone froze. "You don't get to desecrate her body!"
I stomped towards the men, and they backed up fearfully. Glowering, I retrieved my wife's robe, which had been carelessly discarded to the floor. If Amanda was annoyed or confused, she didn't show it as I assisted her from the massage table. But Darren and Bryan looked on like schoolboys who had just been reprimanded as I escorted her past them, and left.
The initiation rituals continued.
**********
Phillip and Scott were waiting for us at the next station. They were seated at a small square breakfast table in the kitchen, but immediately jumped to their feet when we entered.
Amanda smiled warmly at Phillip. Even after a long sexual affair, she still couldn't quite figure out the tall Asian man. He was quiet and the soul of courtesy, and also perhaps the kinkiest man she had ever encountered. Some the most bizarre sex my wife had experienced was with Phillip, and Amanda considered his "Jekyll-and-Hyde" behavior a serious turn-on.
Scott was another matter. Sure, he was handsome and build like a god, but while he was fantastic in bed, he often sought Amanda's attention at the expense of his own wife's. This didn't sit well with Amanda since she was extremely close to Brandy. However, Brandy maintained that our spouses' sordid affair actually enhanced her marriage, and, as a result, Amanda felt strangely duty-bound to keep Brandy's husband satisfied.
The first thing I noticed when I entered the kitchen- aside from the blatantly obvious bulges in the men's pants when they stood up- was the bottle of chocolate syrup and jar of strawberry jam sitting on the breakfast table.
Good.They remembered.
A simple nod was all Phillip and Scott required. They immediately sprang into action and disrobed my wife. When she was naked once more, Phillip ushered her to the center of the kitchen. "Arms out to your sides," he instructed firmly, "and feet apart."
A lowly servant wasn't supposed to issue orders to his mistress, but Amanda complied with an amused expression and without reprimand.
Phillip, Scott and I looked my wife up and down. She was now standing in a neutral anatomical position, and every inch of her ungodly perfect body was on display. I circled her like a shark, but had to resist the urge to partake in the current ritual. If my wife was the deity whom we worshipped, then I was her High Priest. It behooved me to maintain my station and remain above the herd.
Keeping my eyes locked on Amanda, I ordered Phillip and Scott without even looking at them, "Begin."
Phillip immediately grabbed the bottle of chocolate syrup and Scott retrieved the jar of jam. However, while the tall Asian man approached my wife, his partner hesitated in the background to observe the pair. Phillip squirted a small amount of chocolate syrup onto his index finger and brought it up to Amanda's lips, and she licked it clean then sucked it suggestively, for good measure.
Phillip then squeezed a much larger amount of chocolate syrup onto his hand and, like an artist applying paint to a blank canvas, smeared it across Amanda's breasts in 1 long, heavy stroke.
Amanda's eyes widened in surprise, but she stood resolutely. Phillip continued painting her, starting below her neckline and all over her bosom. The tall Asian man fondled my wife and groped her as he spread the food product all over the front of her body, continuing over her rippling 6-pack abs to her feet, and spending an inordinate amount of time between her legs that caused Amanda to squirm ever-so-slightly and elicit a soft moan.
Phillip, of course, was a master cook, and he had frequently incorporated his food fetish-sitophilia- whenever he had sex with my wife ["Sharing My Wife Amanda Chapter 3].
The jam may as well have been a foreign object in Scott's hand because he was unsure of what to do with it. But a greasy smile creased his lips as he watched Amanda. The tall man slunk behind her a moment later, and dug into the jar. Without warning, Scott slapped a handful of jam onto Amanda's upper back between her shoulder blades. She gasped, more from the surprise than from the impact, and just like Phillip was working her over in the front, now Scott was attending to her from behind.
Brandy's husband spread the sticky jam everywhere, but his hands lingered over her bottom. Grinning almost malevolently, he delved between her asscheeks, causing Amanda to grunt in discomfort. But she was determined not to show any weakness.
After all, my wife was Goddess among mere mortals.
Amanda suddenly stretched her arms fully to the sides so that they were parallel to the floor, and rolled her head back as if to look to the heavens. Her laugh was brief, but confident and triumphant. Immediately, Phillip began dousing my wife's breasts with chocolate syrup while Scott upturned the jar to dump its contents onto her neck and shoulders.
Just like Dimitri and Darren had massaged Amanda moments earlier, now Phillip and Scott were smearing the food products all over her body. The men were no long keeping to their respective sides as their hands glided everywhere below Amanda's neck. Watching her being touched by other men was, of course, arousing to me, but the bizarre sight of my naked wife covered in food was oddly just as erotic.
Phillip swiped some of the mixture off Amanda's flat tummy, and she licked and sucked it off his finger once more. Then, to our surprise, he bend down and flicked his tongue over one of her visibly erect nibbles, and then other. Behind her, Scott leaned in, teasing my wife by licking the food that gotten behind her ears. I suspected that they might lick her entire body clean as Phillip stepped back to admire the work of art that he and Scott had just created, and my mouth salivated at the prospect.
Suddenly, Bryan encircled his arms around my wife. Taking his partner's cue, Phillip then placed his hands gently on Amanda's shoulders and, together, they ushered her to her knees. Scott knelt behind her, and swiftly pushed his pants and underwear to the floor. Likewise, Phillip did the same as he remained standing before Amanda, looking like a powerful deity himself. I thought Brandy's husband might penetrate my wife from behind, but he trapped the underside of his stiff erection along the crease of her ass instead, using the syrup and jam for lubrication as he dry-humped her.
Not to be left out or outdone, Phillip pressed the underside of his own erection against Amanda's chest and roughly squashed her breasts together. With a fluid pumping motion, the tall Asian man began tittyfucking my wife. From both sides- top and bottom- Phillip and Scott utilized perhaps the 2 sexiest physical attributes of my wife to masturbate themselves. The trio grunted passionately, their bodies creating a wet, slippery sound as they rubbed together. From my vantage point, I could see the men leaking precum onto her skin.
They knew they were forbidden to defile Amanda, but I feared the stimulating contact with her sexy body would bring them to orgasm. I stepped forward to intervene, but, luckily, my wife understood the conditions as well. She pushed Phillip and Scott away, and rose to her feet. A smeared mess, Amanda still radiated power and authority.
Scott's frustration was thinly veiled, but Phillip remained undaunted. "Milady, please allow us to continue paying you respect," he begged, bowing his head.
Amanda looked at me and winked. "You have my permission to continue," she informed her supplicants.
The handsome Asian man led her to the breakfast table, where Scott pulled out a seat, and politely gestured for her to sit. Phillip then disappeared, but promptly reappeared, carrying a plate of prime rib and utensils in one hand, and a glass of champagne in the other. He set them on the table before Amanda.
The chiseled Asian man then sat to her right and began dutifully cutting the meat as Scott stood at her opposite shoulder. It wasn't a large piece, perhaps 6 ounces. After all, it wouldn't be wise to fill my wife's belly with all I had planned. But Phillip was an excellent cook as well as a kinky lover, and he knew how to please my wife with food as well as with sex. He fed her patiently, waiting for her to chew and swallow each piece before cutting another. Every few bites, Phillip brought the glass of champagne to Amanda's lips.
Soon, Scott kneeled next to Amanda and began massaging her clit while his partner continued to feed her. She murmured blissfully as they lavished attention upon her. As my wife swallowed another mouthful, she intuitively spread her thighs wide. Scott, taking the cue, suddenly crawled beneath the breakfast table and began lapping between her legs like a dog.
Phillip looked down at Scott in amusement and handed him the bottle of chocolate syrup. Amanda had purposefully remained silent since we entered the kitchen, but her curiosity was too great as she blurted, "What are you doing?"
Scott answered by inserting the head of the bottle into her pussy and squirting chocolate syrup into her.
Amanda gasped in shock, but Brandy's husband threw her legs over his shoulders and yanked her forward on the chair, positioning her better so he could bury his face into her crotch once more. My wife cooed in delight as Scott licked and sucked her hole clean. However, as Amanda's mouth opened to elicit a moan, Phillip gently shoveled more food in, a smaller size so she wouldn't choke. His hand-cooked meal was delicious, and as splendid- though in a much different way- as the pleasure Scott was giving her.
The tall Asian man's eyes scoured my wife, and he rubbed her sullied breasts. When Amanda's mouth was clear again, however, she looked down at Scott. The hulking man looked comical crouched between her legs beneath the breakfast table.
In order to maintain an air of superiority, Amanda was supposed to keep her verbal interactions to a minimum. But she couldn't refrain from teasing Scott, "You know, this would be much more fun if you fuck me while Phillip is feeding me."
My wife never failed to astound me, even during insane moments like this.
Scott glanced at me hopefully, but I shook my head. "No," I stated firmly. Under no circumstances did I want any man to fornicate with my wife, or even cum, before the final ceremony; myself included. The hulking man's expression was venomous, but he was intelligent enough to avert his eyes to the floor. "This ritual is done." I abruptly approached Amanda and brushed her attendants aside. With her robe tucked under 1 arm, I hurriedly guided her from the kitchen, leaving her worshippers and their rapidly deflating penises behind.
**********
Practically dragging Amanda behind me as she was still caked in a sticky residue of chocolate syrup and strawberry jam, we burst from the backdoor and made a beeline for the garage, which was a separate structure dozens of yards away. The chances of someone spotting us, save for the incoming cult members, as we scampered across the open was minimal. The lake house was secluded and our closest neighbor was almost a mile away, yet the idea that someone might glimpse my hot, naked wife as we rushed for cover was thrilling.
I opened the side door to the garage and ushered Amanda in.
The interior was dark and cold. A 6-person motor boat resting on its trailer and 2 ATV's occupied much of the space inside. Amanda looked around, curious if not slightly confused. This wasn't exactly the most romantic location on our property. Without comment, I guided her around the parked vehicles.
Amanda's eyes widened in delight.
Piper and Brandy- Darren's and Scott's wives, respectively- stood by the far wall that was covered with by makeshift curtain. Their hair was neatly braided, and they were dressed in identical white smocks that made them appear innocent and angelic. Piper and Brandy loved my wife as much as their husbands did, and Amanda reciprocated the ladies' affection.
She rushed over to her girlfriends with outstretched arms. "Piper... Brandy! Omigod, I can't believe you're here! What are-"
As Amanda was about to embrace them, however, Piper and Brandy silently genuflected onto the cold, hard floor with their heads bowed. My wife was actually taken aback, and they each took one of her hands and kissed it with reverence as the men had done earlier. Clearly, Amanda wasn't expecting then to be here, and she threw me a look of disbelief. In truth, I had transported them here in secret, even unbeknownst to Darren and Scott.
Women, like all men, loved my wife, and she desired women as much as men.
"Piper and Brandy love you as much as anyone" I explained calmly. "And I never intended this to be a 'boys' only' club."
The 3 beautiful females grinned at each other. They were giddy, and had I not been presiding over them, I could imagine the trio rushing off somewhere private to gossip and giggle like young schoolgirls. Instead, they looked at me for instruction.
I nodded meaningfully at my wife's sullied form. "Your Goddess needs cleansing," I sternly informed Piper and Brandy. "Her body must be pristine for the next ritual."
Aside from Amanda, Piper and Brandy were probably the most gorgeous creatures that I had ever laid eyes on.
Piper was a spindly, rail-thin teenager when we first met her over 5 years ago. Despite the fact that she was barely 5 feet tall, her gangly arms and legs, combined with firm 34B breasts that were proportional to her petite frame, had always made her appear taller than she really was. But over the years, Piper developed physically. She was still a tiny thing, but had added muscle and meat to her bones, courtesy of vigorous workouts and healthy eating habits recommended by my wife, and looked like awomannow.
Piper may have started off as the babysitter to our son James, but the young attractive blonde quickly ensconced herself into our lives, and became our lover. Amanda and I didn't merely enjoy hot threesomes with her; we loved her so much that immediately after her wedding, my wife and I "married" the young girl ourselves [refers to events in "The Hot Babysitter Chapter 4"].
It was fitting that Piper was present; she not only loved Amanda but also idolized her.
Brandy was a short brunette with a pixie-cut hairstyle, hazel eyes and a fantastic, curvy ass. She also possessed the biggest tits I had ever seen! She and Scott had been our neighbors for years and, almost immediately, Amanda and I became swingers with them ["Sharing My Wife Amanda, Chapters 8 & 9]. For a wonderful, extended period of time, if we weren't engaging in foursomes or swapping wives on a weekly basis, then Amanda was spending nights or entire weekends with them. Whenever she left me behind, I was merely next door...so close yet so far away... and wondering what our attractive neighbors were doing to my hot wife made the loneliness pass much more quickly. Scott was more obsessed with Amanda than he was in love with her, but his busty wife genuinely cared for mine, and the feeling was mutual.
Amanda turned to kiss Piper first then Brandy. After they reacquainted themselves, however, the women softly planted their lips on my wife's neck, one on each side, and slowly... sensuously... worked their way down her body. As Piper and Brandy trailed down Amanda's taut flesh with their mouths, they flicked their tongues out and licked the thick layer of film from her skin.
Amanda smiled blissfully as their soft lips swept over her nude form, the gentle touch from another woman profoundly special and unable to be replicated by any man. My wife's smooth, naturally tan skin gradually reappeared as Piper and Brandy hungrily ingested the food residue from her body. But as their lips traced down Amanda's sultry figure, the women shifted to kneel on both sides of her, front and back. Now Piper was kissing and licking around my wife' navel area, and Brandy was giving her the same type of oral attention near her lower back, just at the tip of her rear vertical crease.
The busty brunette swallowed another mouthful. "I can taste my husband on you," she confessed softly.
Overcome with lust, Amanda ushered them to their feet and kissed each woman separately again. But then she hugged them, and I gazed upon the trio admiringly and somewhat jealously as they shared a loving three-way kiss. Their lips smacked noisily, and I could see they tongues wrestling as they exchanged fluids with a sensuality that stiffened my penis instantly.
I watched the lovers indulge in each other's company for a bit, resisting the urge to join them in a foursome. However, I reluctantly separated them. Piper and Brandy were obedient as sheep, but Amanda glared petulantly; clearly, she wanted to play more with her girlfriends.
But there would be much more playing to be done.
I ushered the group towards the makeshift curtain, and promptly pulled it aside. Set against the wall were 2 long rectangular pieces of wood nailed together in an "X", a BDSM structure colloquially known as a Saint Andrew's Cross. On one side of the intimidating structure was a wooden sawhorse for simple construction projects; on the other stood a 4-tiered metal shelf that was currently covered with a large blue tarp.
Amanda focused on the Saint Andrew's Cross. Manacles were attached to the ends of each board, and there was no doubt in her mind that someone was about to receive harsh punishment. But my wife's curiosity begged the obvious question.
Who would be receiving the punishment?
Amanda's unreadable expression suddenly turned into a sly grin. She never considered herself a "dom" or a "sub" in the traditional sense. Just like her preference for men or women varied with her cravings, so could she dole punishment as a cruel dominatrix or relish abuse as a helpless submissive, depending on her mood. Today, however, there was only 1 suitable role for her.
I shackled Brandy to the Saint Andrew's Cross in a spread-eagle position.
Piper looked at me expectantly as she awaited her own instructions. Instead, I went over to the metal shelf and drew the tarp aside. The shelves were empty save for the highest one, which contained several sex toys and other evil-looking instruments. I immediately retrieved a pair of handcuffs then beckoned to her.
As the petite blonde stood before the sawhorse, I palmed the back of her head and bent her over it. Without any remorse, I handcuffed Piper's wrists to her ankles, folding her in half with her head between her knees. The position appeared extremely awkward, but she was extremely flexible thanks to all those yoga classes that she attended my wife. Amanda and I, and even Brandy, stared appreciatively at the firm little ass that was now presented to us.
I nodded at Amanda. "Now you get to play with your subjects however you see fit." I smirked and gestured next to Brandy. Understanding quickly dawned on my wife as she approached the shelf and sifted through all wicked devices. The way she studied each item so intently was actually quite adorable!
My wife picked up a pair of scissors first and made a snipping motion as if to intimidate the women who were currently at her mercy. She approached Brandy and cut the brunette's smock up the middle. Amanda stopped halfway then finished by tearing the fabric apart with her bare hands. She ruthlessly yanked the tattered smock from Brandy's body, leaving our neighbor shackled to the Saint Paul's Cross naked.
Amanda then turned her attention to Piper. But instead of ruining the petite blonde's smock with the scissors, she simply lifted the bottom so that the pretty girl's bare ass was now smiling at us. I was tempted to grab Piper's, and mount her as I had done so many times before. But I had to keep reminding myself that I wasn't allowed to fornicate or masturbate yet, and that this day was for my wife. More accurately, everyone wishing to join our sex cult was here today for my wife.
Amanda returned to the shelf and retrieved a pair of nipple clamps that was connected by a thick, heavy-looking chain. The item resembled a miniaturized set of jumper cables. My wife was whistling a happy tune as she casually attached the clamps to Brandy. The weight of the chain was enough to drag the erect nipples downward... not enough to cause excruciating pain, but enough to cause the busty brunette to wince.
Amanda kissed Brandy sweetly on the lips, but turned to me. "I want the paddle."
"Yes, my love."
The paddle was roughly the shape and size of a tennis racket, and covered in tightly wound black leather. I thought my wife might return to Brandy, but she promptly spanked Piper without warning. The leather deadened the sound of impact, but caught off guard, our babysitter squealed loudly.
Amanda turned back to Brandy. "Are you watching this?"
"Yes," she murmured.
I tugged on the chain, causing Scott's wife to cry out painfully. "Yes,what?"
"Yes, Divine Goddess," Brandy corrected immediately.
"Much better."
Amanda spanked Piper several more times before I could even blink. The poor girl's bottom was soon covered in angry red welts. But after another hard strike, my wife tossed the paddle aside and commanded me, "Strap-on."
I retrieved the specified item from the shelf without hesitation.
The strap-on consisted of 2 separate pieces: a menacing, 12-inch flesh-colored plastic dildo and a black leather harness that resembled over-sized underwear. I swiftly assembled them together and lowered it before my wife. As she stepped into the harness, I carefully brought it up her long, athletic legs like a pair of shorts.
Amanda, my wife who was the epitome of feminine beauty, looked quite odd, even grotesquely horrifying, as she stalked towards Piper with a giant erection.
She stopped directly behind our babysitter and teased her tiny vagina by inserting the dildo's bulbous head. Whether due to surprise or the threat of such a large object invading her- perhaps both- Piper whimpered and flinched, shaking the entire sawhorse, before Amanda mercifully pulled out. Amanda petted the girl reassuringly before spitting on her palm to lubricate the entire length of the dildo, rubbing it the way she often stroked my cock.
Then my wife pressed the dildo to Piper's hole once more and pushed in 8 inches.
Piper reflexively attempted to straighten, but her wrists were still bound to her ankles and, thus, remained bent in half. My wife rubbed our babysitter's ass as if to taunt her as she inexorably thrusted the entire dildo in. I initially doubted that the poor tiny girl would be able to accommodate such a huge beast, but Piper's little vagina miraculously engulfed all 12 inches.
Amanda didn't stop until the sex toy was completed buried inside her sub's pussy, forcing the girl's inner muscles to spasm uncontrollably around the intrusive object. My wife even rose onto her tiptoes and leaned over her Piper, altering the angle and pressure of penetration. Our babysitter moaned, and Amanda whispered something in her ear that I couldn't hear. Immediately, Piper became silent.
Amanda suddenly rose to full height. She twisted at the waist to flash me a gloriously wicked grin, causing her breasts to stretch in a very tantalizing way. Then she turned back to Piper, latched onto her hips, and began dominating our sweet young love.
Piper howled. I humorously wondered what Darren would think if he were to barge in and witness this bizarre scene: Brandy shackled to an X-shaped BDSM cross as she and I watched my wife violatehiswife was an enormous strap-on dildo.
Unable to help myself, I sidled against Amanda from behind. Her hips movements were progressively becoming faster and more brutal as she rammed into Piper repeatedly, but I still circled my arms around her waist, where my hands slid up to cup her firm breasts and squeeze them harshly... just the way she liked it.
"So this is how it feels like," Amanda grunted while fucking Piper like a man.
My own arousal pressed into Amanda's backside, and the harder I grinded into her... the harder I groped her breasts... the fiercer she thrusted into Piper. Our babysitter suddenly emitted a drawn out cry that was a cross between a moan and a shriek, and her body immediately went limp. But her wrists were still secured to her ankles, so she merely sagged over the sawhorse. The petite blonde shuddered again as my wife slowly retracted her hips to withdraw the dildo. The entire sex toy glistened in a thin, mucous-like sheen.
Amanda beamed when we realized that our hot young babysitter had climaxed!
My wife quickly doffed the harness. After detaching the dildo, she then approached Brandy, who eyed the sex toy warily. Amanda raised the dildo to the brunette's lips and ordered brusquely, "Lick it clean." She bit off every word for emphasis.
Brandy was helpless but to comply. She licked the sex toy like a lollipop, with my wife constantly shifting the object in her hand so that the busty brunette could clean every inch of it with her tongue. Then drawing the dildo back with a swiftness that I could barely discern let alone believe, Amanda suddenly plunged it down Brandy's throat. At first, she slid it in and out slowly, and barely went halfway. But my wife's movements gradually became more ruthless and merciless, and Bandy was suddenly deepthroating the massive plastic cock.
"Taste it, Brandy," Amanda commanded. "Taste Piper on your lips... good... now suck it. Suck it hard... suck it like you suck my husband's cock... suck it like I suckyourhusband's cock."
My wife's dirty sex talk could be cruelandarousing.
For good measure, Amanda gently yanked on the heavy chain that connected the nipple clamps, causing Brandy to gag on the sex toy. She held the dildo in place for an agonizingly long while. The limits of credibility stretched thin, and just as I feared that Scott's wife might vomit, my wife quickly withdrew the object. Brandy immediately gasped for air. However, her ordeal was not yet over as the dildo was then promptly shoved into her vagina. Our neighbor squealed and strained against her bonds.
Brandy orgasmed so hard that she rattled the Saint Andrew's Cross.
Amanda and I held each other close as we regarded the 2 limp bodies with approval. But after a brief respite, she indicated for me to set Piper and Brandy loose. I complied without argument, and both ladies dropped heavily to the floor. Intentionally not sparing them another glance, I turned to lead my wife from the garage and onto the next ritual.
Amanda's white robe flowed as she followed me. But as I opened the door and stepped outside, she suddenly interjected, "Go first, I'll catch up to you."
An objection formed on the tip of my tongue. We had a tight schedule to maintain, but I did not want to argue with my wife in front of her submissives. I merely nodded and left.
Once I was gone, Amanda knelt with her friends and hugged them fiercely in a prolonged embrace. But as she rose to leave, Piper and Brandy reached out in a pleading gesture for her to stay. However, my wife knew she couldn't linger.
Reluctantly, Amanda left her lovers behind on the cold, hard floor.
**********
Behind the garage, in full view of the lake and only partially hidden from the driveway, was an open outdoor shower.
Its 12 x 12 floor was composed of colorful mosaic tiles that gently sloped towards the centered drain. Two metal posts spaced 6 feet apart housed the water pipes, and atop of those posts sat 2 fancy showerheads that faced each other. Set in an extremely wide clearing, there was no surrounding cover.
I installed this open outdoor shower myself immediately after Amanda and I purchased this property, and intentionally designed it so that we'd be completely exposed when using it.
The idea of such a thing would be bizarre to most people. It was a unique addition for any home, to be sure, but one that Amanda and I found absurdly sexy. We LOVED to shower together. Aside from having sex with each other, especially under a clear blue sky, it was perhaps our favorite pastime. And I had to admit, I was rather proud of myself when I came up with the brilliant idea to combine the two! Exposure to the elementsandto an audience as we made love was an exhilarating thrill.
However, I wouldn't be the one showering with Amanda today.
Glenn and Dimitri stood at attention by each showerhead. They were still fully clothed, and gazed adoringly at my wife as we stepped into view. Amanda glanced at me, but said nothing as we approached them.
I had purposefully chosen them to participate in the last ritual before the final ceremony. I regarded Glenn and Dimitri much differently from the other men when it came to Amanda. Sure, theyalldesired her. But while the other 4 believed that they loved her, I knew what was truly in their heart. To them, my wife was the object of their desire, something to be placed on a pedestal like an idol. However, I never mistook their feelings for love and, luckily, neither did Amanda. She did care for them on some level and attempted to make happy, but those relationships were simply mutually beneficial.
Amanda's former boss and my best friend, however, were another matter. The unmitigated love they felt for her was genuine. Glenn had nurtured her for years while she worked under his supervision. He guided her and honed her skills which enabled my wife to climb the corporate ladder. More importantly, he never exhibited preferential treatment by giving her a raise or a promotion that she wasn't qualified for; Glenn made Amanda earn whatever professional accolades she received, which was perhaps his greatest show of love and respect for her.
I can still remember the look on Dimitri's face when I first introduced him to Amanda- who was only my girlfriend at the time- almost a decade ago. It was somewhat to my cruel amusement that he couldn't even look at her without blushing profusely! But a strange thing happened: a minute later, they were laughing uproariously, and my future wife was slapping my best friend on the back as iftheywere best friends.
Looking back, it was that precise moment that sealed Dimitri's fate.
Dimitri grew to love Amanda almost as much as I did. And while I knew he would always be happy for us, it was sadly natural for him to wonder "What if?" whenever he saw me with my wife and son. No doubt Dimitri imagined himself in my shoes whenever he gazed upon my perfect family.
While Amanda had maintained a plethora of lovers with my blessing, it was profoundly special to know that she and Dimitri were sleeping together. I cherished her incomprehensibly, and loved him like the brother I never had. Somehow, the coupling between my wife and best friend felt right as rain.
Amanda happily sauntered over to Glenn and Dimitri. The older man genuflected first, followed by my dearest friend. A thin smile appeared on Amanda's lips. I could tell she was about to make a flippant remark as the men kissed her hand, but she remained in character. And so did Glenn and Dimitri.
Glenn must've beaten Dimitri in "rock, paper, scissors" just before we arrived because he was the lucky one to help my wife out of her robe while Dimitri went to turn on both showerheads. "I could hardly wait for you to arrive, Baby Girl," Amanda's former boss murmured, invoking his pet name for her.
Her grin was crooked but she raised an eyebrow. "Don't you mean, 'Goddess'?"
Glenn stammered as he was abruptly put back in his place. "Why, er... yes. I apologize, Dear One. I meant no disrespect."
"Thank you, Glenn. That's much better. You may take my robe and hang it over there." Amanda pointed to a nearby tree branch.
The older man meekly complied and scampered away. Their roles were now officially reversed: Amanda was nowhisboss! Figuratively, she had always been, I conceded. I cleared my throat as Glenn returned a short while later with Dimitri. "Gentlemen, you were both handpicked to participate in the final ritual... perhaps the most important ritual of all." I looked both of them in the eye and paused for dramatic effect. "To become one with nature again... to cleanse the body and soul so that the mind may follow. To leave our former selves behind as we venture into a new religion." I was mighty proud of the flowery speech that I was composing on the spot. "It is time for the purification ritual." I nodded at Glenn and Dimitri.
Amanda had seen both men naked countless times before but still blushed as they stripped off their clothes. Their erections were already fully formed, a testament to how badly they craved her. The trio soon stood naked together. The temperature in the valley floor had surprisingly risen quickly, and the radiant sun kept them warm.
Glenn and Dimitri each took one of Amanda's hands and led her to where the cascading water converged. The older man retrieved a bottle of shampoo and applied a copious amount to my wife's long black silky hair. Together, he and his partner lathered her, and massaged the shampoo into Amanda's scalp in gentle, circular motions. They sandwiched my wife, Glenn in the front and Dimitri in the back, and grazed their erections against her taut skin. The duo pair then delicately weaved their fingers through her illustrious hair to rinse out the suds.
Now it was time to turn their attention to my wife' incredibly sexy body.
They stared down at Amanda's flawless nudity, momentarily unable to do anything but behold their goddess with abject adoration. Glenn eventually retrieved a bar of soap, and gently began scrubbing my wife's flesh, starting with her neck and shoulders. This prompted Dimitri to react, and, with another bar of soap, began rubbing Amanda with it on her backside.
"That's it, gentlemen. Cleanse every inch of her skin... and every crack and crevice. She must be thoroughly pure for the ceremony."
They required no encouragement. Glenn's busy hands blatantly lingered over Amanda's glistening breasts while Dimitri swept his soapy hands all over her lower back and bottom. My eyes zeroed in on the way they touched my wife and how their slippery hands hungrily scoured her flesh.
Amanda spread her thighs shoulder-width apart to grant Glenn and Dimitri access to her inner thighs.
To her pussy.
To her ass.
Every crack and crevice.That was what I instructed them.
Amanda suddenly turned so that her back was facing me as she remained between both men. I marveled at the perfection of her sculpted bottom, and the way the muscles of her upper back rippled impressively with the slightest movement. She said something to Dimitri, and he promptly gave her the bar of soap that was clutched in his hand. Curious, I observed as Amanda lathered her hands then tossed the soap aside.
My wife grinned impishly over her shoulder at me as she took hold of the burgeoning erections on either side of her.
Glenn and Dimitri wore the same rapturous expression as Amanda stroked them under the clear, blue sky and under the warm, soothing shower. Her movements were loving and sensuous, and I immediately wanted to be next to her with her hand onmycock. But watching my wife perform for me was a worthy consolation prize.
It was getting harder to refrain from touching myself.
Glenn and Dimitri were like mirror images as their stood with their hands on their hips and heads rolled back as Amanda steadily masturbated them. But, as usual, they could never keep their hands off her for long. Since they were standing perpendicular to her, the duo was able to reach out and fondle my Amanda's breasts and bottom as she pleasured them.
God, how I LOVED watching them touch my wife!
Amanda was normally wildly adventurous in bed, but could take things to another level in the shower. And the naughty things that she could do to me there- the lewd acts that I often performed on her there- were so morally corrupt and messy that Amanda would not permit it anywhere else. Some of the best sex we ever enjoyed was in the shower. And while being wet and naked together always enflamed our primal urges, there was also something practical about being able to wash the filth from ourselves immediately.
At this precise moment, I realized that Amanda desired a threesome with Glenn and Dimitri. She wanted to play as badly as they did. This presented me with a moral dilemma: the men were not supposed to cum yet, but my wife clearly wanted to have funnow.
Amanda had nearly stroked Glenn and Dimitri to a "happy ending". I considered letting my wife achieve her goal, if not for her own benefit then at least for my fellow men. The water would immediately rinse away any semen that splashed onto her and keep her body pure.
But as with any religion, there was a set of beliefs and that the followers were expected to uphold, and this situation was a test of that. Like a priest, my responsibility was to ensure that the disciples of our cult understood the responsibility of membership. Like a shepherd, I need to maintain order lest members of the flock wander astray.
I held up my hand. Amanda immediately released both men, whose penises had attained an angry, purplish discoloration that indicated they were ready to erupt. However, if the trio was disappointed or angry at being denied release, they hid it well.
Glenn and Dimitri back away, leaving Amanda alone beneath the cascade. Still wearing that angelic smile, she reduced us to voyeurs as she soaped herself down. Her movements were slow and sensuous; my wife knew how to keep a captive audience. She closed her eyes and lifted her face to the warm water flowing over her flesh like a snug glove encasing her luscious figure.
Glenn and Dimitri clearly wanted to touch her again, but they remained rooted in place. Eventually, I approached them with 2 large bath towels, and they immediately shut off the water. I handed each a towel, and they gently patted Amanda dry. She stood still and expressionless as they attended to her, but I knew what she was thinking.
This was a woman who realized the godlike power that she wielded over her subjects.
When Glenn and Dimitri were finished, I slid the robe over Amanda's arms and shoulders. To the men, I ordered, "Gather the others, and tell them to begin preparations for the final ceremony. The One We Love and Worship will arrive at the lake by dusk." My stern gaze lingered on them. "You all know what to do."
Amanda turned and wordlessly headed back to the lake house. As she departed, I reached into my pocket, and withdrew a very special item. "Our Goddess commanded me to give these to you," I told Dimitri quietly.
I handed him a pair of my wife's panties; another trophy to be added to the collection, his most prized possession.
Dimitri reverently took it. Girlishly bright pink and silky, the panties was of the "boyshort" variety that Amanda could wear so perfectly on her athletic frame. It no longer emanated any body heat- my wife had taken her underwear off long ago- but we could still detect her faint aroma. My best friend brought the panties to his nose, closed his eyes, and inhaled deeply. His entire body shook, and he appeared so euphoric that I thought he might erupt without even touching himself.
Dimitri eventually opened his eyes and stated hoarsely, "Thank you." He then clutched his new trophy possessively to his chest.
Glenn cleared his throat awkwardly as I started to leave. "Ahhh... and does The One Whom We Adore have something for me?"
I pursed my lip while regarding the gray-haired man. I had nothing to give him from my wife, and pitied him as he regarded me with pathetic desperation. "Our Goddess did not leave anything for you," I told him gently. Glenn immediately appeared heartbroken, but I continued sincerely, "However, if she were here, Our One Love would reveal that, amongst all of her disciples, she regards you and Dimitri most dearly."
Glenn had to share a special place in my wife's heart with my best friend, but it was enough to make him swoon.
Despite the fact that we were alone, I dropped my voice considerably. "I would keep that fact to yourselves, gentlemen. The One may have her favorites, but it wouldn't be proper for that knowledge to become widespread."
They nodded emphatically.
I turned to catch up to Amanda. There were still preparations to be made before the final ceremony.
**********
Dusk was beginning to settle. An orange sliver of twilight separated the blackening sky from darkness of the land along the horizon. The fading light was poignant, and the contrast between light and dark possessed an almost mystical quality as stars began to twinkle overhead. The air was crisp and cool once more, pure and adulterated, with a faint wind or the intermittent crackling of fire the only occasional sounds that broke the silence.
The beauty of natured surrounded us, something that I often took for granted.
I held Amanda's hand tightly as she stood to my right. She was wearing a different white robe, one that was silky and much more grandiose. And whereas her hair was simply down earlier, my wife had painstakingly fashioned it into a halo braid, which fittingly resembled a regal crown sitting atop her head.
Firelight reflected eerily in Amanda's eyes. Before us, her 6 most faithful worshippers- Glenn, Dimitri, Darren, Scott, Phillip, and Bryan- stood with their backs erect and hands folded over their genitals. They were naked saved for a leather collar buckled around their necks. The collars were merely intended to be symbolic, but each contained a metal ring that my wife could attach a leash to if she desired.
Behind them in a clearing, angry flames crackled from a large bonfire and ascended like restless fingers to the darkening heavens. The Saint Andrew's Cross burned prominently in its center, carefully surrounded by large chunks of firewood to add fuel to the fire. Every now and then, a sharp pop would punctuate a piece of wood getting vaporized.
I looked at the naked men meaningfully. "Good evening, gentlemen. You have all endured and sacrificed much to arrive at this point, and your proven love for my wife makes me joyful. Each of you have partaken in an initiation ritual, and have successfully gained approval from The One Whom We Worship and Love So Dearly. But know this: your acceptance into her flock is not complete yet."
The men held their collective breath as they hung on my every word.
"In order to participate in the final ceremony... and to remain with us beyond this night... you must agree to continue paying her tribute." I glanced at Amanda, who remained stoic, but my palm was sweating in her hand. Despite the craziness that had ensued all day, butterflies formed in my stomach as I uttered my next words. "And the price of your tribute shall be this: on the 1stof every month, each of you must bring forth a new member to pledge his... orher... undying love for our Divine Goddess and to worship her as devoutly as any of you would. Failure to do so will result in excommunication from our sacred family."
Everyone needed a moment to digest my ultimatum. Comprehension dawned on Amanda first as she quickly performed the mental calculations, and she actually gasped and covered her mouth. If the men currently present brought a new member to join our cult every month, andthosemembers attracted new members monthly, andthosesubsequent new members, in turn, brought in fresh blood every 30 days... our little sex cult would explode exponentially in just a short amount of time.
We would no longer just be a cult; we would be anentire communitysolely dedicated to worshipping my wife.
A low murmur permeated the group as they finally understood. I kept my eyes locked on the men, amused by their stunned reaction, and deliberately avoided looking at Amanda. But out of the corner of my eye, I could discern her shifting uneasily.
"The price of being a Chosen One is high," I conceded. "Those who lack conviction will be weeded out from the strong and faithful. Many of you will be deemed unworthy. But know this: the reward for being a Chosen One is much higher than the cost. Our Beloved will bring you to her bosom and guide us to the Promised Land... to Salvation and Paradise... to EternalEcstasy." The double entendre of that last word was apparent as I stared each man down. "What say you?"
Everyone was deathly quiet when I stopped speaking. Only the crackling of the bonfire gave any indication that time hadn't stopped or that the earth was still spinning.
It was Glenn who spoke first, as I knew he would. All the men were wildly obsessed with my wife, but he was always first in line for her. "I'll do it!" He cried out. "I'll do whatever it takes." He looked at Amanda with fanatical adoration. "Anything for you."
"Anything for you," the men repeated one by one.
I turned to Amanda, and intoned last, "Anything for you."
I could only imagine the myriad of emotions that my wife was experiencing now... horror, excitement, disbelief, lust. She appeared as though she was about to cry, but the prospect of supplying her with an endless supply of sex partners- a potentially limitless amount of cockandpussy- thrilled me as I know it did her.
I was about to give the men further instructions when, to my surprise, Amanda stepped forward. She had quickly reigned in her emotions and her eyes were already dry, but an expression that was both celebratory and naughty appeared on her immaculate face. My heart suddenly pounded in anticipation.
Amanda was going to do something wonderful and unexpected again.
My wife and I shared utilitarian views on organized religion. We didn't believe in one Supreme Being who lorded everything, but begrudgingly gave credence to the idea that theremightbe some kind of higher power. We weren't religious, but did consider ourselves spiritual. However, Amanda was pragmatic in one particular aspect of her beliefs: being worshiped as a deity didn't merely entail basking in the service of your followers; it also bore the responsibility of providing service to your followers, as well.
My eyes widened as I realized where things were heading.
Amanda stood with an authority from knowing that she commanded the attention of everyone present, and her voice rang in the thin air like a hammer striking metal. "A true goddess knows that, in order to receive love from her followers, she must show them love, as well. A true goddess knows that if she expects service from her follows, then she must service them as well." My wife paused dramatically, then continued with such an aura of power that we felt a physical impact behind her words. "Who, here, desires service from their Goddess?"
"Dear god," I croaked in awe; the gauntlet had been thrown.
"'Goddess'," Amanda corrected me with a straight face. Fortunately, everyone was too caught up in her moment to detect her subtle humor.
Dimitri raised his hand and proclaimed obsequiously, "I do."
"I do," the rest of the men repeated in unison like a mindless herd.
Amanda immediately flashed me that crooked smile that always made me weak in the knees, and I staggered back. How could she appear so beautiful and so wicked at the same time? But my musings on life would have to wait as she ordered me, "Remove my robe. Now."
"Yes, Mand-, uh, I mean, My Divine Goddess." I disrobed her before theveryhungry eyes of her devoted followers.
"Now take me closer to the fire so I stay warm," she whispered lowly so no one else could hear. "And make sure it's a grassy spot, I don't want to kneel on any rocks."
I almost swore aloud. My faade of austerity was rapidly eroding. "Christ, Mandy. Are you going to-"
But my wife admonished me in a low tone, "Keep your voice down, babe! You're supposed to be my High Priest or whatever, remember? You're the one running everything. You need to stay in control."
I shook my head in wonder. I, clearly, was no longer in control, but that was nothing out of the ordinary; ultimately, Amandaalwayswrested command when she felt like it, and it appeared now was that time again. But I didn't fret. Though I had plans for the final ceremony, I was smart enough to realize that whatever route she chose instead would be a thousand times better. I whispered, "I fucking adore you, Mandy."
"I know," she replied impudently. My wife could never resist an opportunity to tease me. "Now lead me over to the fire."
I definitely knew what came next.
I escorted Amanda close to the blazing bonfire and paused to admire how the flames illuminated her smooth, flawless skin. Her expression was all business once again, and my mouth began to water as she dropped to her knees. I turned to the men, who appeared as though they were about to swarm her, and ushered them into what Amanda and I affectionately referred to as the "blowjob line" [see "Sharing My Wife Amanda, Chapter 1].
After I assembled the men into an orderly fashion, it took a Herculean effort to calmly return to my wife's side as unbridled excitement surged through me. I knew that, beneath Amanda's composed exterior, her eagerness matched my own. I looked at her once, and she nodded gravely. Then I turned to the line, and gave them the same signal of affirmation.
Thus, we began a mockery of the 9thCommandment.
I remained at my Amanda's side like her guardian angel as the men approached her one by one; and one by one, I watched as she vacuumed their cocks down her throat with an ease that made me beam with pride and with an expertise that would've made even the most depraved porn star blush.
Glenn and Dimitri each stood at polite attention as my wife pleased them separately. They were content to peer down upon her in admiration as they savored her cock-sucking skills, and were as gentle to Amanda as she was to them. Their interactions were respectful and romantic, and the men affectionately stroked her hair as she pleasured them with her mouth.
Bryan and Scott were 2 sides of the same coin. When it was their turn, each man, as usual, attempted to be overly physical with Amanda. That wasn't a surprise since she often enjoyed rough sex with them, something that matched their temperament. But my wife had other ideas tonight. As they tried to palm her head between their large hands with the pretense of savaging her throat, Amanda coolly twisted away and batted their hands from her head. With a simple warning, she was able to keep both vulgar men in check. That wasn't to say that my wife played innocently with Bryan and Scott. She noisily deepthroated them until she gagged and spewed on herself, then attempted to take them even deeper!
As Amanda aggressively sucked, licked, and slobbered all over Darren's manhood, the poor young man had the same expression he always did when she toyed with him: a mixture of awe, panic, and sweet ecstasy. Piper's husband had always been intimidated by my wife. Though he had experienced her sexual prowess countless times, he was still in utter disbelief of her sheer depravity, which only seemed to intensify over time.
Phillip had been an enigma to Amanda since the first time they slept together. Soft-spoken and polite, he was the soul of courtesy but displayed a shocking kinkiness behind closed doors. Even now, as my wife swallowed him balls-deep, the pony-tailed Asian man reached down to rub his palms all over her firm, warm body. He touched her everywhere... all over her neck and shoulders, and down her back... and slid his hands down Amanda's chest to squeeze her breastshard. She relished the roughness and purred like a cat. This sent pleasant vibrations through Phillip's cock, causing him, in turn, to moan pleasantly. As if to reciprocate his physicality, my wife slipped him out of her mouth and slapped his slimy erection against her cheek several times while gazing up at him before swallowing him whole again.
Amanda served her lovers expertly from her knees, varying the technique of her blowjob according to whomever she was performing fellatio on, knowing precisely how to please each man.
My wife let the men fuck her throat, but what she didnotallow them to do was achieve orgasm; at least, not yet. She was completely familiar with the signs each man displayed prior to climax: Glenn trembled uncontrollably, Dimitri cried "Oh god!" over and over again, Bryan merely uttered something crude and vulgar, Scott's cock turned even warmer and pulsated like a heart, Darren rolled his head back and howled, and Phillip quickly inhaled through his nose and rapidly exhaled through pursed lips.
I watched in silent amusement as my wife blue-balled her every single one of them; there werestillnot allowed to cum.
And neither was I.
But Amanda wouldn't deny them for long. She wasn'tthatcruel, nor was it in her best interest to wait much longer. After all, she craved to be with her followers almost as badly as they longed to be with her.
I herded the men back to give my wife some breathing room then helped her to her feet. None of them had climaxed in her mouth, but that didn't mean that Amanda had escaped the "blowjob line" unscathed. A mixture of spittle and pre-ejaculate was oozing down her chin, and her chest was streaked with a wetness that glistened in the firelight.
We watched in mute wonder as our Sexy Goddess smeared the mixture all over her breasts like baby lotion.
I gaped just like everyone else. But then Amanda looked hard in my direction, breaking the spell that she had cast over me. She gave a curt nod, and I immediately sprang into action. Approaching the group again, I directed them to their assigned stations.
The final ceremony was about to commence.
This wasn't Amanda's first gangbang, nor would it be her last. In fact, she had been the focal point of so many that, at this point, it was a given that she could accommodate 5 stiff cocks at once without much effort: one her pussy, one down her throat, one up her ass, and one in each hand. Engaging 5 men simultaneously was almost amateurish for my wife!
But six... now this was a different story!
The issue wasn't a matter of courage or effort. Amanda was a marathon runner and religiously worked out at the gym 5 days a week, so she possessed the stamina to have sex with a small army. Considering her voracious sexual appetite- and my fetish in watching her with multiple partners- perhaps that feat wouldn't be too far off in the future!
No, our current issue was a matter of numbers. Having only 3 holes and 2 hands meant that Amanda could logistically only accommodate 5 penises at once. She may have been a Sex Goddess, but the laws of mathematics still applied to her. However, Amanda, through a combination of common sense and moral decadence, easily came up with a solution to account for that additional penis, a solution that, in retrospect, was fairly obvious.
Double-penetration, of course!
Amanda's worshippers had been given their instructions beforehand, so they assumed their positions rather efficiently. Phillip and Dimitri lay on the soft grass first, with their heads pointing in opposite directions, legs overlapping, and the undersides of their manhood pressing firmly against each other. I escorted Amanda over to them.
My wife squatted over Phillip and Dimitri, and carefully lowered herself onto their vertical erections. Her pussy was already wet and loose, and could normally fit 2 cocks without any issues. But the duo was even hotter than usual for her tonight, as evidenced by their size and hardness, and Amanda actually grimaced while impaling herself.
"That's it, Mandy," I whispered encouragingly in her ear. "Nice and slow... that's it. Stuff that meat inside your pussy... feel them inside of you..." My wife sighed and trembled as she continued to slowly drop her hips. "That's my Goddess," I encouraged her proudly.
Darren approached Amanda from the front so that his manhood dripped and waggled obscenely before her eyes. She had just blown him, but apparently he didn't care. Amanda gulped the young man into an immediate deepthroat.
Glenn and Scott rushed at her from either side. Out of the corner of her eyes, Amanda could seem them presenting- practically shoving- their stiff penises towards her, and she dutifully reached out to grasp them, and began masturbating the new 2 newcomers.
That left Bryan last. Unlike the others, I had a hard time figuring out what Amanda saw in him. He was adorned with multiple tattoos and body piercings, which I never knew her to be fond of. Furthermore, he was a foul human being, always making sexually inappropriate remarks to my wife and trying to touch her or, if not her, then any other female who was unlucky enough to be within his reach. Bryan had no redeeming qualities that I could discern, save for the fact that he was obsessed with Amanda and shared her love of running.
Then it dawned on me: those werepreciselythe reasons why my wife was so attracted to him.
Outwardly, Amanda frequently talked down to Bryan and barely gave him the time of day. But the more she belittled him and the more she played "hard to get", the more he lusted after her. It was their personal game that they thoroughly enjoyed.
Bryan sidled behind Amanda and callously pushed her forward. His eyes were afire and his grin was greasy as her puckered anus winked at him. At least Bryan was polite enough to spit on his hand and lubricate his cock before spearing my wife ruthlessly from behind.
Bryan had, of course, previously sodomized, rimmed, fingered, and crammed inanimate objects into Amanda's ass, but he was currently competing for real estate with Phillip and Dimitri. Still, attempted to force himself deeper into my wife's rectum without any apparent regard for her well-being- or Phillip's and Dimitri's, for that matter- and, together, the 4 winced and groaned at Bryan's anal intrusion.
I feared that Amanda had finally encountered a sexual situation that she couldn't handle, and stepped forward with the intention of putting an end to her plight.
But my wife was undaunted, nor was she yet satisfied. A long tendril of saliva mixed with semen stretched grotesquely from her chin as she spit Darren out of her mouth to snarl at Bryan, "For fuck's sake, push harder, you stupid moron! Push HARDER!!"
Her vehemence stunned me until I remembered whom she was addressing.
"As My Lady wishes." Slapping his hands onto Amanda's hips to secure her, Bryan thrusted forward hard. He, along with the 2 men in her pussy, all emitted a loud wail as the trio were all suddenly balls-deep into my wife.
Darren, with surprising forcefulness, yanked Amanda's head towards him again, and plunged himself back down throat untilhewas balls-deep into her, too.
My wife murmured and writhed, and I gazed upon her in awe and admiration as the 6 men brutally jostled her with reckless abandon. A mere mortal would've been completely overwhelmed, but not Amanda. She gave as viciously as she received, and the bumps and bruises that she was suffering was barely a minor inconvenience.
With so many cocks embedded in Amanda, it was difficult to determine who climaxed first. Someone moaned, and it was as if an explosive chain reaction had been set off. One by one, my wife's disciples presented with their offering into our sex cult: their unquestioned love and devotion... as well as their sperm.
Thick globs of goo began splattering on Amanda's neck and shoulders as she jerked Glenn and Scott into euphoric submission.
Bryan savagely squeezed her tits together while pumping his seed into her rectum.
Amanda clenched her vaginal muscles like a vise as she grinded heavily on Phillip and Dimitri. In their helpless position, they could only lay still as the sensuality of her movements coaxed their combined load into her body.
Darren, who was always obedient and timid around my wife, now appeared the opposite as he grasped her head and pumped violently into her face. From my vantage point, I could see Amanda's throat bulge obscenely every time the young man thrusted. But she calmly swallowed as quickly as he ejaculated into her mouth, not willing to waste even a single precious drop.
Moans, whimpers, and panting sounded from the sweaty tangled mass as my wife- our Goddess- became one with her lovers. They remained pressed against her for a long time, savoring the warmth and hardness of her body that no one was willing to surrender. But the men were spent and eventually withdrew from Amanda, causing gobs of cum to drip from their cockheads, as well as from her skin and orifices.
The sacred union between Goddess and disciples had finally been consummated.
"Congratulations, gentlemen. You are now officially Chosen Ones of the Beloved," I announced gravely.
Some of the men collapsed around Amanda in exhaustion while others stumbled back in disbelief. Bryan, in particular, stood over her stroking himself. He was already hard again, and appeared ready for another round with her.
But it was time for me to formally reestablish my hierarchy in this cult.
It was time for me to claim my status as my wife's favorite... the Anointed One.
It wasmyturn; I began to unbuckle my pants.
Amanda had gathered herself and was side-sitting on the soft ground when she saw my erection spring into view. A lesser woman would've been begging for mercy and respite. But her slow, wicked grin mirrored mine as a renewed vigor coursed through my wife.
Amanda was a foul mess. Portions of her sexy body were streaked with bodily fluids and her halo braid had come undone during the gangbang. She was in ruins, yet her battered, disheveled appearance somehow made her appear hotter and sexier than ever.
The men knew enough to step back as my wife and I lunged towards each other like wild animals in heat. We kissed madly, caught in the throes of passion. Our tongues were locked in a titanic battle, but Amanda suddenly pushed me away, stepped back several feet, and promptly dropped to all 4's with the grace of a cat. Naked, now, like everyone else, I stroked myself openly as Amanda slunk back to me in serpentine fashion on her hands and knees.
"Are you ready to pay homage to your Goddess, O beloved High Priest of mine?" She was mocking me in front of everyone, and it made my cock spasm uncontrollably.
"I am ready to dedicate my entire being to the service of The One I love and worship so dearly... to The One whose grace and unparalleled beauty takes my breath away... to The One whose intelligence, compassion, and sense of humor warms my heart and soul. To my Goddess... my hot, sexy wife whom I want to fuck nonstop 'til the end of time."
Amanda stopped mere inches from my quivering cock and rose up on her knees. She was covered in filth and sweat but looked like an angel to me. No longer bothering with the faade, she gifted me a loving smile made my heart soar to the heavens. There was, however, still a great deal of naughtiness in her expression.
"Mmm... " My wife purred. "Your vow of obedience pleases your Goddess greatly. In fact, she wishes to bestow a blessing upon you in remuneration."
I presumed that Amanda was going to blow me, but she pressed her face between my legs and gulped my swollen sac into her mouth. She applied the perfect amount of suction as she sucked and slurped shamelessly. Lathering my balls with her tongue as my manhood rested on her pretty face, my wife periodically jerked her head back in short, rapid bursts, sending wonderful shockwaves throughout my body.
Still sucking my balls, Amanda started to stroke my shaft, and the added stimulation was almost too much to bear. I began leaking precum all over her freckled cheeks, but she didn't even flinch. Suddenly, Amanda twisted her head around and coolly deepthroated me in one fluid motion.
"My god," Glenn muttered in disbelief.
"'Goddess'," I corrected him immediately, causing my wife to choke in laughter. She recovered swiftly, however, and our audience was none the wiser.
As wetness poured down her chin to coat her breasts with a new layer of slime, Amanda removed my penis from her mouth and pinned it against my abdomen. I sighed contently as her nose playfully nuzzled the underside of my shaft. But the sound escaping my lips rose several octaves as she licked up and down its entire length, like a painter brushing several long strokes.
The men involuntary crept closer, each staring in covetous desire.
I momentarily considered gangbanging Amanda with them. I didn't usually participate when my wife engaged in group sex, preferring to watch and satisfy my voyeuristic kink. I now had no doubts that she could engage 7 cocks at once, but my hands fell onto her shoulders in a possessive gesture.
"Watch and admire The One We Adore," I instructed the men, reveling in their jealousy and my exhibitionistic delight.
I let Amanda suck me a bit longer before gently easing her onto the grass, and she didn't resist. I knelt between her legs then rubbed my cockhead on her engorged clit and along the rim of her vagina. My wife moaned and squirmed, and while she was heavenly to behold on all 4's or bent over with her perfect ass presented to me, Amanda truly looked sexiest when she was off her feet. "My humble tribute to your Divine Presence," I announced softly.
I slipped my cock into Amanda's pussy.
Most of Phillip's and Dimitri's spunk had already leaked out, but there was still enough lubrication that there was very little resistance. I had previously made love to my wife immediately after she had been with other men, and the initial revulsion at feeling their essence still inside of her always gave way to a morally reprehensible excitement. And I was unapologetic in allowing Amanda to pamper herself with boyfriends- and girlfriends- or in planning gangbangs for her, because in the end we always returned to each other, with our love and marriage even stronger than before.
But our new sex cult was going to take everything to a completely different level.
I grabbed Amanda's legs and slung them over my shoulders as I began making love to her with unbridled passion. The others huddled around us so closely that we could feel heat emanating from their bodies and their breath on our skin. More than 1 man tried to touch Amanda in the midst of our lovemaking or attempted to interrupt us, and all it took was an angry glare to beat them back.
Amanda's unparalleled sexiness and their insatiable hunger for her made me feel like a God next to my Goddess. Such was the power that she not only wielded over me but bestowed onto me, as well. However, Amanda wasn't just a Sex Goddess. To consider her merely as such was impious and even near-heresy.
No, my wife was the Goddess ofLove... a modern day Aphrodite.
My entire life with Amanda- past, present, and future- flashed before my eyes, and at that precise moment I knew with certainty that we would grow old together, surrounded by generations of offspring, and maintain our profound love that would never dwindle. Our bond was unbreakable, regardless of how many other partners we claimed. And now, with our sex cult almost fully established, my wife didn't just deserve the complete allegiance of her followers.
She deserved our undisputed love.
With a powerful surge that rippled my entire body, I ejaculated into Amanda like the others before me, but with a profound love greater than anyone else could ever give to her. She writhed like a snake while attempting to cajole every last drop from my testes. However, after my initial eruption, I clenched my pelvic muscles to stem the flow. Amanda scowled as I pulled out, though my intention wasn't to deprive her of that which she craved, which was more cum. In fact, I obliged her.
Wagging my still-spewing cock in a "t"- shape, I baptized my wife into her new sex cult by inscribing the Sign of the Cross across her breasts and tummy.
Amanda peered down to admire my thick creamy semen as it glistened on her flesh... to savor its pungent aroma and oddly pleasant warmth as my spunk adhered to her. A few drops even splashed onto her adorable freckles and chin. My wife had successfully maintained an air of superiority and control throughout the day's wild events, but now she cackled in uninhibited glee as she smeared my love all over herself.
The sight of Amanda's despoiled personage made me instantly hard again. Without preamble, I hastily reinserted my penis into her pussy. Renewed arousal gave me ammunition for another orgasm as I deposited my sperm into her womb while the men masturbated around her with religious zeal.
The reason why we were not permitted to achieve orgasm earlier was finally clear to them: we needed to conserve every last drop of ourselves for this moment of Consecration.
My wife's mere presence caused her followers to achieved sweet bliss again as they showered her with their lust. Some of their cum landed harmlessly on the grass but a healthy amount splattered onto her various body parts. Amanda didn't flinch, and simply lay still to allow us the privilege of paying her tribute. When we were finished, our sperm swaddled her like a cocoon, keeping her warm with our sticky love.
Appropriately, the men dropped to their knees as Amanda and I rose to our feet. They regarded her with awe as if she were a living religious idol. Even in her sullied state, she looked true to form, like the Goddess of Love & Sex. I was thoroughly convinced that my wife had been placed on this earth to be adored and worshipped by many.
But I suddenly felt like the Devil.
Experiencing an abrupt epiphany, I questioned my deviant behavior. Would I be cast into Hell someday for my unspeakable sins... for breaking the holy sacrament of marriage and committing adultery? For allowing others to engage in sinful acts with my wife and, perhaps even worse, taking corrupt pleasure in it?
But as Amanda's worshippers remained crowded around her, I realized that this wouldn't be the last time I shared her. Her pure joy over their affection was endearing and strangely innocent. Perhaps I would burn in Hell for my sins, but I loved my wife so much that her happiness was worth an eternity of damnation.
Thou Shall Not Covet Thy Neighbor's Wife, indeed!
The irony was so comical at this precise moment that I laughed aloud.
Amanda regarded me with amusement. The decadent sight of cum crusting on her skin as it dried brought me back to the moment. We proceeded hand-in-hand to the lake with her sycophants trailing respectfully behind us. As we reached the water's edge, I dipped my toes in to test the temperature. Although the last vestiges of light were fading fast, the lake was still surprisingly warm, having retained much of the heat from the day's bright sunshine as the surrounding mountains acted like insulation.
I stopped at the lakeshore, but Amanda continued on. Into the lake she slowly immersed herself until she was submerged just below her nipples. The men and I watched as she bathed herself, cupping her hands to pour water over her flesh, in a final cleansing ritual that followed her baptism and consecration. To look upon my wife as she basked in the waters like a mythical mermaid was absolutely mesmerizing. Her skin glowed from the light of the bonfire, and even in the dimness it appeared absolutely flawless.
Our Goddess soon returned to us, appearing like an otherworldly vision as she gracefully rose from the lake. Moonlight was just beginning to reflect off the water's surface, which created an ethereal halo effect around my wife and made her truly appear like a celestial being. The water streamed from Amanda's lithe body as she stepped onto land once more, and our Goddess regarded each one of us evenly as we closed in around her.
My wife was pure again, as if reborn without Original Sin.
The final ceremony was complete; we were now officially a sex cult dedicated to worshipping my beautiful wife Amanda.
It was time to celebrate.
I immediately raised my right arm up in the air and quickly brought it down in a chopping motion, as if to signal the start of a race.
As newly anointed Chosen Ones of my wife, the men had sworn a sacred vow to love her, tend to her every need, and serve her without question. None of that, I knew, would ever be a problem. But as I watched Amanda take on her rabid lovers once more, I realized that this was perhaps the best wayshecould serve them.
To allow them to breed her.
To carry the child of every man who dared to pay her tribute.
To expand our new "family" from within as well as from without.
I chuckled loudly as I watched our inaugural sex cult members gangbang my wife yet again, and I thought to myself:What a twisted, splendid idea!