This is the fourth part of my first story. English is not my native tongue, so please be gentle with me, but also, leave a comment and rating. The story and characters are fictional; any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
__________________
The laughter died down and the three of us, me, Sarah and Marie, lay in an embrace, their heads on my chest. Samuel rose to his full height, wet patch very visible, turned, and started to move to the door to his suite. Marie was moving her finger playfully over my chest, Sarah looked at Samuel walking away. She turned her head to look at us.
"I'll go talk to him, I think he needs a bit of reassurance right now,"she said to us, and moved to hit on the side of the sun bed.
"Yeah, you might be right, it must be quite a jump from fantasy to reality like this,"Marie responded, and shifted to sit on the other side of the sun beds. Marie got up first, and walked over to Sarah to sit next to her, placing a hand on her leg. She leaned in to whisper to Sarah, something I could not quite make out.
I could just see the result from the things being whispered.
Sarah blushed and then giggled softly, placed her hand on Marie's, then kissed her and stood up.
"Yeah, you're right,"she said, as she turned to face us. "We'd better get ready though, some of the guests are coming soon." She turned and followed Samuel into their suite.
The ladies surely had a plan of sorts.
Marie lay back down on the side where Sarah had been moments before.
"Sarah's right, it's almost dinner time and the guests with kids had planned to arrive soon."She looked up at me.
"We're supposed to make sure that they get situated and walk them through the plans for tomorrow."
I leaned forward and kissed her on her forehead.
"You're right, best get going. We don't want the others to find us like this,"I said, and we made to get up.
"No, no we don't," she said, and smiled as she got up.
We headed back to our suite and had a quick shower again. (No sexy time this time, though.) We both had to get ready to help the guests get situated and find their respective cabins.
Maybe fifteen minutes later, it was almost half past five, so we headed down to the parking lot of the resort and saw the first of the other guests showing up. I had put on a white t-shirt and a light green cardigan, along with cream-colored chinos. Marie had put herself in a dark green, ribbed, long-sleeve maxi-dress, along with knee-high riding boots.
It was planned to be a medium-sized wedding, around fifty adults and fifteen kids, friends and family to both Samuel and Sarah. The families with kids showed up the day before the wedding, along with some of the older guests, and those who did not want to travel the same day as the wedding.
Samuel's mom, Anna, was first to arrive, a very little old lady, almost hobbit sized, at around four feet eleven. What she lacked in height, she made up in personality, with a kind but very wrinkly face that almost never let go of the constant smile plastered on it.
Her husband had passed when Samuel was in kindergarten, from a battle with cancer. It had taken her time to get over the loss as it had scarred her, but one thing she had never shrunk from was the taking care of Samuel. I had almost started to view her as an extra mother, as I had spent so much time with Samuel from high school on forward.
We both got a fierce hug from the little lady, and I carried her bags over to her cabin. We had to almost pry her off as we had to greet the other guests. We walked back to the parking lot and she waved at us as we headed back.
When the others came, we greeted them as they arrived and introduced ourselves to those we had only spoken with over the phone before; some of Sarah's extended family, some of Samuel's extended family, two couples who worked with Samuel, etc.
The last to arrive today were Sarah's parents, both were in their late seventies, but looking more like they were in their early sixties. Sarah's mom, Elizabeth, was not as tall as Sarah, but still taller than Marie, around five feet eight. She still was very fit looking, she used to walk their dog on long walks every day. Sarah's dad, Björn, on the other hand, was very tall, a bit over six foot seven, not the widest, but with massive hands, made of iron by a lifetime of farmwork.
As they got out of their car, we walked over to them, first giving them a hug and saying hi. Then to help them with whatever bags and whatnot. Sarah's dad brushed off the offer to help with his bags, but Elizabeth happily accepted. I walked up front with Björn, and Marie behind chatting with Elizabeth. We walked over to their red cabin, and made sure that they were taken care of, and said dinner was in the restaurant at half past seven. They thanked us and we went back to our suite.
As we entered the suite, Marie turned and faced me.
"We should head over to Samuel and Sarah to let them know everyone's here and that it's time to head down to the restaurant."
I nodded and made for the pool door.
"Yeah, and to check on Samuel. I still haven't spoken to him since... well, you know."I nodded to the sun beds, as we walked past them.
I knocked on their pool door and waited.
Samuel opened and smiled, letting us in, clad in a stylish submariner light pullover and khakis.
"Hi, come in, come in. Is everyone here?"Samuel asked, as we walked past into the suite.
"Yeah, at least those who are coming today, the rest are arriving tomorrow morning,"
I answered, as I sat down next to the kitchen island, and Marie headed to their bedroom to check on Sarah.
"Great,"Samuel said, as he walked past me to the other side of kitchen island and picked out two glasses and started the tap, letting the water run to get cold.
I caught him throwing a quick glance back at me before turning to face the tap again.
"Samuel..."I began, but I was interrupted by Samuel turning to hand me one of the glasses of water.
"Look, I don't know what to make of today."He paused, looking down to gather his thoughts.
"I... I've never seen Sarah like that, and I know you know that we have been trying to get pregnant. But, I can't... But, I can't...I... I..."He looked close to crying, so I quickly got up and embraced my best friend.
"It's okay, it's okay, let it out,"I said, hugging him.
Samuel burst out in tears, gripping me tightly. I just held him, letting him have a moment. He let up and I stepped back, with him drying tears from his face.
"God, I have wanted kids for as long as I can remember. It just struck me so deeply that I could not have kids of my own."He straightened up, standing at his full height.
"Then Sarah came to suggest there were alternatives, beside adoption. She started to give me the idea, how much we looked alike, that if you were to help us, who would know? I didn't know how to react at first, but, as you saw, I've started fantasizing about you and Sarah..."
He paused again, looking me in the eyes. "I just don't know how to ask for help, 'Hey bro, mind getting my fiancée pregnant?' How are you supposed to ask such a question? I don't want you to think less of me..."His voice died off as he looked down again.
I looked at my friend in agony.
"Samuel, you know you're like a brother to me, I would not have thought less of you. Why? Because you're shooting blanks? I had hoped you thought more of our friendship."
He looked up, looking somewhat ashamed, mixed with a sadness.
"Now, I admit, I was surprised when Sarah brought up that you had a cuckold fantasy."
(I left out the part that she and Marie had influenced him by suggestions and had hacked his computer.)
I laughed and then smiled.
"Safe to say that it came as a shock, but to each his own. Me? I didn't know how much of a turn-on it was to act as a breeder and to be dominant in a way new to me. So, if you are okay with this arrangement, then I am, too; in fact, I'm more than okay with it, Marie and Sarah..."Then it was me who paused.
"They, how do I put this... awoke something in me, too. For me, something wild... It's like something 'wild' that comes out with them, and this, whatever this is,"I continued.
Samuel seemed to have a weight lifted from his shoulders with those words. He sighed deeply, then he reached out and grabbed me, pulling me into a tight hug again.
"Thank you, this has been on my mind since the day the doctor gave me the news. Next time something big like this happens, I promise to talk to you right away."
"As well you should, that's what family is for, helping out,"I answered back, and then I noticed in my peripheral vision Sarah and Marie lurking in the walkway between the kitchen and bedroom. I looked at them. Sarah was dressed in a long skirt and a blouse with the top buttons undone; both looked stunning.
"And you two,"I said, letting go of Samuel, walking over to them, then making my way to get in the middle of the two of them. I put my arms behind them both, one on each side.
"We'll talk seriously after dinner,"I said, while moving my hands down to place my hands on their butts, squeezing them both and then patting them, letting Samuel get a clear view of my hand on Sarah's ass.
"But if we're not going to be late, we have to get down right now."I gently guided them toward the door. Samuel got up and followed, locking their suite behind him.
We went down to the restaurant and had dinner with the roughly forty-or-so guests that had arrived so far. It was a lovely dinner. I was seated next to Björn and asked him how retirement was going, and if he had started any new projects on the farm. Dinner was made up of a lovely, rich, deer-and-wine stew, or barbecued salmon steaks for the adults; the kids had hamburgers with fries.
We sat and talked afterward for a good while. The kids headed out to run around the beach, followed by a couple parents. The kids and families walked off first, heading to their cabins to put them to sleep, followed by the others, one by one; until only it was the close family remaining, Sarah, Samuel, me and Marie, Björn and Elizabeth, Anna.
We sat and told stories about Sarah and Samuel for a while before we decided to head back to our suites and cabins. It was a quarter to eleven when we got into Samuel and Sara's suite again.
Sarah went to the fridge to pull out a carafe of wine that they had put in there to chill. Me and Marie sat us down on a big, L-shaped couch, with Marie lying down on the chaise-lounge part, while I pushed myself into the corner above her head. Samuel headed into the bathroom.
Sarah put down four wine glasses on the coffee table, and sat down next to me, leaving one space open and the other corner for Samuel, once he finished in the bathroom. I reached out and smelled the wine, red, sweet, and some ever so slightly cherry notes hitting my nose. Marie and Sarah followed suit and swirled their glasses when Samuel came out to join us on the couch.
"To a wonderful wedding,"I said, as we clinked glasses and the four of us took a sip of wine. I sat my glass back down, while Samuel, Marie and Sarah held onto theirs.
"So, time to talk about this, we're setting some ground rules,"I said, with iron in my voice, shifting from open and friendly, to harsh and domineering.
"Marie is mine. Sarah can share her, if I allow it,"I said, looking at Marie, who had shifted to lean up against me.
"Sarah is mine, as well, behind closed doors, regardless if Marie and you are there, too."
I nodded to Samuel.
"I will be godfather to every child conceived by Sarah. I want to be a part, albeit a silent one, but a part, nonetheless, of their lives,"I continued, as I shifted my gaze to Sarah.
She looked into my eyes with a fire in those ice blue depths.
"Those are my terms,"I said, almost in a growl, that animalistic part had awoken in me again, still pinning Sarah with my gaze.
Sarah put down her wine glass without breaking our gaze, and moved up to lean into me. She put her arms on my shoulders and leaned to kiss me.
"Yeah, we figured as much,"she said, as she kissed me again.
"We accept those terms and I'll be yours whenever you want me,"she continued.
I lifted my arms, taking Sarah in my embrace, having Marie shift out of the way without a sound.
"Good,"I whispered, but not quietly, making sure Samuel heard it, as well.
I moved my hands down Sarah's back, letting one land on her hip, the other moving to her leg, then slowly working it upwards, under the long skirt she had worn to the dinner. Sarah bit her lip, as I moved my hand ever so slowly up her leg, her breath getting faster and more shallow, to finally rest on her bare pussy. She had not worn panties while at the dinner. When my hand finally reached her pussy, she cracked a devilish smile.
"Well, I can explain,"she said, as I leaned in and kissed her.
I was slowly massaging her pussy, then I began to slip my middle and ring finger into it, finding her wet and ready.
She gasped as my fingers slipped in.
"I wanted to be ready, at any time you wanted me."
I began rubbing her clit with my thumb, while moving my fingers inside her, my fingers making a hooking motion. Reading her expressions, I had found her G-spot; I began moving my fingers over her pleasure point, and she gasped every time I ran my fingers against it.
"Uh-huh, I bet,"I said, while I started to kiss her neck, listening to her moan, and her breathing was getting faster and faster.
"So while sitting next to your future husband, friends and family, you thought about me having easy access to your tight pussy,"I whispered, barely audible to her, and so that only she heard me.
That sent her over the edge, and she came; my fingers kept moving, while she ground her hips on my hand, and let off a deep, loud moan. I pulled my finger back, and quickly put a then-wet hand over her mouth.
"Shuush,"I said to her.
Her eyes found mine again.
"We don't know if everyone has left the restaurant yet,"I said.
She started to lick my wet hand and answered, all the while licking her wetness off of my hand.
"I don't care; plus, they'll think it's me and Samuel having fun before the wedding."
She leaned back and pulled her blouse over her head, revealing a red-lace sheer bra, contrasting her pale skin beautifully.
I could not help myself, I leaned down and put my head in between her breasts, moving my hands to play with them, pushing them against my face. I heard a click and the bra grew slack on my face. I did not care; instead, moving over to her left breast licking around her erect nipple, then putting my mouth over it, playing with it with my tongue.
"Ahh, I like that,"Sarah moaned, running her hands over my head, while I kept playing with her nipple. She started to giggle then she leaned back. She shifted to sit on her knees and moved her hands from my head down to her skirt. Pulling it down to her knees, then shifting right and then left, pulling it down off her, leaving her totally naked; except for the still slack bra hanging off her shoulders.
I felt Marie's hand on my hips, grabbing and pulling my cardigan, then shirt, over my head. I leaned back, as to let Sarah get a hold of my belt, unbuckling it, then to start to pull down my pants and underwear at the same time. I lifted my butt to help her, then lifted my feet to let her pull them all the way off. I lowered my legs again, my penis standing proud and excited for what was to come.
I stood up off the couch, then turned to Marie on the lounge.
"Get up,"I told her.
She moved to put down her wine glass on the coffee table. She stood up, her green max-dress slick against her skin, she looked so good in it.
I loved how she always looked in a maxi-dress. I put my hands on her shoulders and gently moved her to the side, so I could lie down on the lounge part.
As I lay down on the couch, I saw Sarah coming over. She leaned down, then straddled me, with Marie moving to the side of us. Again, Marie took a hold of my erect penis, then guided it in, as Sarah sat down on it, ever so slowly. Sarah finally sat all the way down and leaned back, just sitting still, loving the feel of my every inch, my every vein inside of her.
Marie then moved back, she pulled her dress up to reveal she hadn't worn any underwear, as well; then continued to pull it all the way over her head, frizzing up her hair in the process. She then sat down where I had sat before taking her place, pushing herself all the way into the corner, spreading her legs to play with herself, and to give Samuel a display of what he could not have.
Sarah started to move; I placed my hands on her hips as she did. She had hardly started to move before I felt her growing tighter.
"Oh, oh, oh god, oh god, yes,"she whispered, more to herself than anyone else.
All the while, her breath quickened, with her moaning softly at every exhale. She grabbed at her breasts, finding her taut nipples, pinching a hold of them. Then she came... violently. She bucked and sat down, her hips and body moving by themselves, her ice-blue eyes rolling back into her head. I held her down by her hips, loving that feeling of her climax on my penis. She shook a couple of times, then let go of her nipples, grabbing a hold of my arms to stabilize herself.
I held her down still, using my hand on her hips to keep her all the way down, forcing her to feel how hard I was inside her, like wrought iron, but warm, pulsating and perfect for her. I felt the tightness not leaving, but growing again, and she orgasmed again; this time, in total silence.
She held her breath, leaning forward, pushing herself onto me, letting me feel her breasts pushing down on my chest. Suddenly, she rocked back and I still held her down, but straining, my arms and shoulders against her convulsing legs and hips. It was almost that she bucked off, but my massive arms and shoulders won the battle. I felt the tightness ease off and she slumped forward again. I, myself, almost came from her excitement, but I managed to hold on, not wanting to finish just yet.
She tried to say something, but I could not hear what she tried to whisper to me. She whispered again; this time, I could make out the word she said.
"Mercy."
I eased up my hands, letting her rise up, but she had no control of her legs. I shifted my hand to hold her under her ass, helping her off. She almost fell onto the coffee table, but I caught her, quickly letting go on her right ass cheek to grab her by her arm, and then shifting to let her lie down and myself getting off the couch.
She slumped down as I let go of her.
I smiled. Gently, I pushed her legs open, no force necessary, and I knelt down in between them. I straddled over her, leaned down, and gave her a passionate kiss, then lay on top of her. Putting my arms on either side of her to keep most of my weight off of her, I only let her feel my penis on her pussy, not moving it.
I lowered myself down, and asked her,
"Mercy? Don't you want my cum tonight?"
She shifted and moaned, but no answer.
"That's not an answer."I started to move myself up and down ever so gently, letting me slide over her warm and pulsating pussy.
"I could let you have mercy, and give this to Marie, instead."
I looked up at my girlfriend pushing her glistening fingers in and out of herself. I found her eyes, their emerald green ablaze with lust and excitement.
"No. No, I want it,"Sarah whimpered.
"I don't believe you,"I said, and started pushing myself up.
But before I could stand back up, Sarah's legs came back alive, and came up behind me to lock me in.
"I WANT IT!"She had come back to her senses and almost roared it out, like a lioness in heat.
"It's mine tonight, and every night until I'm pregnant,"she said between clenched teeth, shooting her arms under mine, digging her fingernails into my back, pulling me down, hard.
"Haha,"I laughed, and lowered myself back down, reaching down a hand to guide me back inside her, before reaching my arms around her, holding her down in a very tight embrace. I moved my hips forward, pushing deeper and deeper, into the wet and warm embrace of her pussy. I kept moving forward until I felt myself all the way inside her, feeling her grow tighter again.
This time though, I moved back, almost all the way out, then I held myself right there, with just the tip inside her. She squirmed and I moved forward again. She let out a pressured moan and I started moving back out, just teasing her. She squirmed again, as if she was trying to follow my penis back down, but I held her dead still in my embrace and moved forward, until she gasped, then I backed off, pulling back out again.
She looked into my eyes, the icy depths of hers glistening with lust.
"Please, I need it..."she let out, coming as a whimper.
"That's more like it, a please and thank you go a long way with me,"I said, laughing, as I eased my embrace while moving my hips down and forward. I kept going, enjoying the sounds Sarah let out, until I was again all the way inside.
I started to pound her. Slowly at first, then picking up the pace, coming up shallowly before hammering myself forward, hard.
Sarah started to dig her nails in my back, as I kept increasing the pace, going and going until I was at a frantic pace, panting hard. Sarah was moaning and moaning, letting out cute whimpers at times, as I pushed myself hard and deeply into her. I felt her growing tighter; this time, I felt myself getting close, too. I decided to pick up the pace even more, there on my knees, shoving myself in and out as fast, and as hard as I could muster.
Sarah came, her legs locking behind my back, keeping me from going back out; I came as she locked me in her, pumping my cum deeply in her pussy. I kept cumming and cumming; it was so intense, it sent an icy, electric feeling all the way down from my neck to my balls, and I felt a light cramp in my right ass cheek.
When I finally stopped, it was me who had wobbly legs. Sarah lay under me, panting like mad. I fell down over and to the side, still inside her. I slowly and gently pushed myself up and out of her, took a couple stumbling steps, and fell next to Marie, who looked lovingly down at me. I shimmied myself over to lie on my side, gasping for air, massaging my asscheek so as to not get a full-on cramp.
I lay there as I felt Marie move over to get her prize from Sarah. I saw then that Samuel had moved a chair over, sitting right in front of the lounge part of the couch, looking down at Sarah. Cum was oozing slowly out from her, in thick creamy streaks. Marie, on her way to Sarah, took Samuel by the hand, and made him sit on the edge of the lounge.
Marie lowered herself down to Sarah's red and leaking pussy, kissing the insides of her legs on the way down, a gentle and caring contrast to the intensity which had taken place moments before. She started at the bottom this time, licking a rivulet that was making its way down Sarah's asshole, catching it just before landing on the couch.
She slurped it up, making a sucking, slurping sound, then moving upward, but not touching the pussy itself, but cleaning all the outsides first, the mess on the lips. She rose again and leaned toward Samuel, who leaned in to meet her, they kissed. I could see Marie moving her tongue in and out of Samuel's mouth, making sure he got every last drop.
She pulled back from the kiss, and said,"Show us."
Samuel obeyed and displayed a mouth filled with cum to me and Marie.
Marie smiled, grabbed him gently by the arm, and continued,
"Good boy, that's a real mouthful, make sure to swallow every last drop."
Samuel closed his mouth and then swallowed, licking his lips, then swallowing again.
"Wow, where did you learn to do that?"Marie asked proudly, while mimicking the licking of the lips following the cum kiss.
"I saw it online, and it looked fantastic,"Samuel answered, blushing. He looked at his future bride and wife to be, leaking new cum from her pussy.
"May I?"he asked, with longing in his eyes at the new cum.
"No, you may not, that's mine first,"Marie said sternly, and moved back down; though, she held him firm and guided him down to get a closeup at her licking and sucking the new cum leaking out from Sarah.
Finally putting her mouth over Sarah's pussy, and making a seal with her lips over the hole, she started sucking and reaching her tongue as deeply as she could into Sarah, who had just cum seconds ago, came again. This time, much more gently, as if she had used up all her energy already.
Marie rose with her prize in her mouth, her cheeks puffed out with a quantity of cum inside. She leaned over to Samuel, meeting in a kiss again, though this time, there was way too much cum to make a clean exchange. With cum leaking out and streaking down both their faces, Samuel and Marie each swallowed a little, then started licking each other clean.
Then, they turned to face me. Marie winked at Samuel, who then opened his mouth again, and Marie followed his lead, two mouths filled with cum. My cum.
I smiled, ear to ear.
"Swallow,"I said.
Both obeyed instantly, and both licked their lips one last time, then swallowed again. I looked over to Sarah, still lying there, her legs spread, no longer leaking cum from her pussy, but lying in a glazed-over state.
"Marie, could you check on Sarah?"
Marie moved over to check on Sarah, but Sarah lifted a shaky arm, then without a word, just gave a thumbs up and lowered her arm back down again.
Marie turned to me and made a face that said,
"Hmmph, how about that."
"That's the universal sign of 'I'm okay,'"I said, and began laughing.
She moved over to Sarah, grabbing her arm, making her sit on the edge of the lounge. "How about I help you get into bed?" Marie asked gently, as if speaking to a tired drunk on New Year's Eve.
"Samuel? Lend me a hand, would you?"She nodded to the other arm of Sarah; Samuel got up and grabbed it right away.
"Of course, I'll help."
The three of them got up, then stumbling, they got Sarah to bed. Samuel hugged Marie, then turned to me, as I still lay on the couch.
"Well, goodnight, I guess, we'll see each other in a few hours."He looked down, still unsure of how to face this situation.
I got up and walked over to him and placed my hands on his shoulders.
"It was, indeed, a good night. Let's make tomorrow a great day for a wedding,"I said, giving his shoulders a squeeze.
I looked over his shoulder, to Marie, who had just put the quilt over Sarah, tucking her in snuggly.
"Marie, time to get our things and head to bed, ourselves, don't you say?"
Marie kissed Sarah on her forehead, then got back up, turning to face me, answered,"Yes, darling, it's late and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow."
She walked past Samuel, totally nude, gave him a quick peck on the cheek.
"Goodnight, dear, you were very good today. Maybe next time, you could earn yourself an even bigger reward,"she said, licking her lips, mimicking the cum kiss earlier.
She wiggled her ass exaggeratedly, as she walked over to the couch, then turning to give us the whole view. She bent over, ass straight up, to pick up her maxi-dress, my pants and our other stuff off the floor.
She paused at the bottom, to let the image burn in our mind. She looked back at us as she rose, a devilish smile plastered on her face.
"Let go darling,"she ended. She turned toward the door out to the pool, hands full, bare ass swaying sexually as she walked out the door.
I said nothing, as I quickly followed after her, wondering if I had one last round in the drum of the old 'six shooter' for the night.
Not a thought of what tomorrow might bring.Just a vision of her ass straight up and that devilish smile that followed with it.
End of Part 4.
_______________