Comic Con 2024
"Happy Comic Con day," I scream to Alexis as she walks through my front door.
As she got closer, I hear her say "Hi besti!" For the last several months, we have been planning on attending Comic Con in Atlanta, Georgia. Our love for anime started during our freshman year of college, us being roommates. She immediately became one of my best friends.
"Damn girl," Alexis exclaims after seeing me in my cosplay for the first time, her mouth dropping open to show her reaction. I've just came out of my bathroom to show her; by the looks of it, I did a good job.
I gave her a tight hug, it was great to have her here. We have similar sleek builds, thick thighs, cute booty, b cup bra size, and 5'5 and 5'6 in height with me being slightly taller. In college, people would ask us if we were sisters due to our similar builds and facial features. While at Clemson, we did everything together, sometimes it's hard to believe we graduated nearly two years ago.
After months of planning and watching hours of YouTube videos, my costume came out exactly how I wanted. I have never spent so much time on a project before that wasn't for work. I poured my heart and soul into this cosplay and it really shows.
"You...you look...like her. You really do! For a moment I swear to God I thought you were her!" My friend exclaims excitedly. She rushes over to me, eager to see my costume up close. Not only do I have on my homemade, customized cosplay, but have used detailed makeup techniques to complete the look.
"You look just like Neferpitou," Alexis tells me, walking around me in a circle to take in every inch. Neferpitou is one of my favorite characters from Hunter X Hunter. I replicated her dark blue school uniform jacket with salmon and blacked striped booty shorts. For her cat ears, I purchased fake ones to match the color of my short, grey ombré hairstyle. It was important for me to make the outfit sexy and true to character, so I am wearing her knee high socks and long grey tail.
I'm unable to stop smiling at this, as I had really hoped it would look good. When I tried the costume on earlier, I thought it looked good, but needed someone else's opinion to make sure. Now I'm sure I'll look amazing at Comic Con. I added my own to twist to it to make it more spicy. The shorts are super short, so some of my cheeks are hanging out. Last week, I picked up a butt plug with the tail looking similar to Neferpitou's, being naughty in public is one of my favorite things to do.
"Let's take a few photos before we leave." I pick up my camera, walking towards Alexis. Both of us have been excited for this year's comic con since we missed last year's.
We're both posing in the mirror, making cute faces, swinging our hair back and forth. She has super long redheaded hair, matching her cosplay character, Asuna. Given Sword Art Online is one of her favorite animes, she was perfect for this character. Her outfit is a super short red skirt, white battle armor sleeves, red bra, and white coat. The cosplay does a great job to highlight her curves and natural physique.
Alexis gives me a kiss on the cheek and smack on the booty as I take the last photo. The drive to the convention center shouldn't be long, it's 25 minutes from my house without traffic. I live near downtown Atlanta, Georgia. The traffic is horrendous most of the time.
As we are pulling in, Alexis says
"OMG, ANNA, THIS IS GOING TO BE INSANE!!"
I can't believe so many people are here, it's jaw dropping to see nearly everyone dressed in cosplay. This is so exciting! In the courtyard, we see hundreds of people of dressed as Spider-Man gathering together.
"Anna, hurry up and park, so we can go inside."
The electrifying energy hits us as we walk through the convention center doors. The buzzing and excitement of the crowd made us giggle. We navigate our way through the crowd, looking at the different cosplays and events.
"Let's go to the Naruto booth. I want to see who all came, I know most of the main character voice actors arrived yesterday." Alexis follows me to the booth.
In line, we over hear the conversation between two guys in front of us, one dressed as Itachi and the other as Kakashi. Both of them taller than 6 feet and had a sleek, muscular build. I catch a glimpse of their faces, gosh, they are so cute. Their beautiful smiles were mesmerizing. My mind starts to wonder about one of them taking me somewhere private then kissing me. When with a partner, one of my favorite things to do is to make out while they tease me... passionating kissing me on my neck and working their hands up and down my body... grinding my body against theirs. With this in mind, I can feel myself becoming hornier.
I cross my legs, hoping it'll take the edge off. By thinking of this in public, only turned me on more... really wishing I could be fucked.
10-15 people are ahead of us in line before we get to the booth.
"Hey, I have to use the restroom, hold our place in line, I'll be right back." Alexis, "okay, hurry up, we're near the front."
I head towards the nearest bathroom... closing the bathroom stall door behind me, I immediately push my hand into my panties. Oh fuck, I can't believe I'm so wet right now. I work my finger in and out of me before inserting a second one. I can feel myself getting wetter as I pick up pace. It won't be long for before I cum. I take my other hand and slide it underneath my jacket to grab my boobs. Fuck, this feels so good. It's exciting for me to know I can get caught anytime. I don't care if anyone catches me right now. An accidental moan slips out of my mouth, so I remove my hand from my jacket to cover my mouth. I pick up the pace, I'm bout to cum soon. Fingering myself harder, I can myself getting closer. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," my orgasm rushes through me, my knees buckling from the sensation.
I take a second to gather myself... I open my purse, pulling out the butt plug replicating Neferpitou's tail. I suck on it before slowly inserting, God I'm so horny right now. I adjust my clothing and head to wash my hands.
*Ding
I look down at my watch. It was a message from Alexis, "hurry up, we are next in line."
I walk through the crowd with a smirk on my face, I reach Alexis as she approaches the booth.
"What took you so long, I told you to hurry?" Me with a sly look on my face, "I'm sorry, I had to take care of some business."
"Omg, you're so naughty, you could've waited until afterwards." Alexis knew of my exhibitionism fetish and often encourages it.
At the booth, the voice characters of Naruto, Hinata, and Itachi are here. We pose for a few photos and slid our memorabilia over to be signed. We say our thank you's then head to the hunter X hunter booth.
The HXH booth is located a few rows over, thousands of vendors are here. We navigate our way over, Alexis leading the way. "Anna, so how horny are you? I know you're still turned on." I start to blush, "Really bad, I need to be fucked."
Funny enough, the Itachi and Kakashi guy who were in front of us earlier, are now behind us in line. I turn my head to both of them to tell them how much I liked their cosplays.
Itachi replied first, "Thank you, I love your cosplays as well. Hunter X Hunter and Sword Art Online are two of my favorite anime shows to watch. As you can see, our favorite show is Naruto (haha). Weren't the two of you behind us earlier in the Naruto line?"
"(Haha) yes, that was us. I guessed we were destined to talk. What are your names?"
Itachi spoke first, "I'm Jay" then Kakashi, "I'm Dustin."
"I'm Anna." "I'm Alexis." Both of us smiling as we admire how cute the guys are. Jay notices me wagging my tail as we talk. "Cute tail, it looks realistic." He reaches for it, I let out a moan underneath my breath as he plays with it.
I wonder if he notices my reactions, I can feel my horniness increasing. Our conversations split a part, Alexis is talking to Dustin and I'm talking to Jay.
I sigh underneath my breath, I need to be fucked badly. "What made you come as Itachi?"
"He is one of my favorite characters, his storyline and battles were amazing. Thankfully, I was able to put the cosplay together in the nick of time. I was worried it wouldn't arrive in time.."
"Right, the plot twist of his storyline was brilliant. Itachi is one of my favorite characters as well. He's amazing! I'm glad it arrived in time, you look really cute in it (winking at him)."
Jay is wearing a black akatuski robe, anti Leaf village headband, black t shirt, and black athletic pants. All in all, the outfit is similar to Itachi's. The small details are spot on as well, the matching purple nail polish.
He leans into my ear, whispering, "I know you're wearing a butt plug, your facial expressions were giving it away." Knowing I've been caught, I start to blush. "Maybe I wanted you to catch me."
Whispering, "Let's go somewhere more private." I nod my head in agreement.
I turn to Alexis and Dustin, "we're going to go get food, do you want anything?" I give her a look, the look of I'm about to be bad, she nods her head in approval. At the same time, Alexis and Dustin say "Bring me a water." We take off to find a private area with me holding Jay's hand in tow.
We find a secluded bathroom in the convention center with a handicap accessible area. Jay latches the bathroom door behind us.
Jay opens my jacket, revealing my laced black bra. I wink at him, "The panties match as well."
"Baby, let's stay in character, only call me Itachi." "Okay Itachi, call me Neferpitou."
I drop to my knees, sliding his pants and underwear down... My jaw drops as his cock nearly hits me in the face.
"Oh...OMG, how big are you?!" He smirks while saying "Enough to fill you up baby." I hold it up, my goodness, it must be at least 8" in length and girthy.
I lick his tip before sliding him into my mouth, doing my best to take him in fully. I start giving him head, making it wet as possible... sucking and sliding my tongue around it.
*Itachi moaning in the background
"Oh fuck, I didn't know you can suck dick this good. Slide it all the way in your mouth."
Itachi takes his hand to pull my head in closer, causing me to deepthroat him. I choke a little as it hit the back of my throat...I pick up the pace, slurping him harder. With his moans increasing, I use two hands to jerk him off.
Itachi looks down at me, "Fuck baby, I have to feel your pussy before I cum, stand up."
He kisses me deeply, our tongues intertwining. He turns me around, pressing me against the wall. I arch my body against his... I can feel his thick, eight-inch cock pushing hard against my barely covered ass. With one hand, he slides down my panties, revealing my eagerly waiting pussy.
As he rubs his tip against my entrance, I let out a soft moan.... "Baby, you're so wet right now." My body melts as he says this, "Oh God, baby. I need you to fuck me."
He slowly enters me, my wetness coating him inch by inch as he stretches me out.
He begins to slide in and out of me, picking up pace after each stroke.
I brace myself against the wall as he starts to fuck me harder, his balls slapping against me with each stroke. He pulls my waist closer to him while using his other hand to choke me from behind.
Through each stroke, I manage to moan out, "Fuck me harder baby, your dick is too good." God, he's fucking me so good right now.
"Keep fucking me baby, I'm about to cum baby." I let out a long moan as my orgasm rushes through me, the burst of pleasure feels amazing. The excitement builds again as Itachi continues to fuck me through my orgasm.
"Continue to fuck me, baby, I'm about to cum again." I tease my stiff nipples, twirling them between my fingers.
Itachi fucks me intensely... "Oh fuck, that's it, baby. Keep fucking me like that."
Itachi leans in, his moans vibrating into my ear. "I'm about to cum for you, baby."
Hearing Itachi about to cum for me sends me over the edge. "Fuck, I'm cumming again." My orgasm hits me hard causing Itachi to slide deeply in me. As my orgasm subsides, I can feel his dick throbbing in me.
"Give me a facial, baby. I want you to cum all over my pretty face." I drop to my knees, tasting myself on Itachi's dick. As I'm sucking him, I use another hand to jerk him.
"I'm close, baby, keep going." Itachi's moaning intensifies. "Oh fuck. Baby, I'm about to cum, open your mouth." I stick out my tongue, feeling Itachi's hot cum splash against my face and tongue. Rope after rope hits me, covering my face. I lick my lips, swallowing my tasty gift. I suck the rest of it off Itachi's dick before give it a kiss.
Itachi, "you were amazing! Who would've our comic con would go like this, haha." "Haha, so you were you. This is hands down my favorite comic con." I grab tissue to clean my face.
We start to get dress, curious on how much time has passed. I look at my watch, it's been nearly 45 mins, I'm curious on what Alexis and Dustin are doing. I hope they decide to have fun as well. "Let's hurry up, we been in here for a while."
Thinking we haven't been caught, we walk out the bathroom, hand in hand. I lick my lips as we navigate through the crowd, Alexis is going to love this story.