The restaurant was packed as always. Our frequent diner status allow us some perks that the rest of the patrons are not going to be offered. The Hostess smiles broadly as she looks up from her reservations book to see us standing before her. Her discretion is well practiced and she does not just blurt out our names but acknowledges that it is wonderful to have us back again.
We are immediately escorted to a table towards the rear of the beautiful room. It's up a small set of stairs and against the railing so we have a commanding view of the entire establishment. I like to people watch and I especially like people to watch you. I have requested that the table cloth be very short so it does not over hang the front of our table by more than a few inches.
I should take a moment to mention that you look absolutely stunning this evening. You've dressed up perfectly for our evening of adventure. You've got on very thin black stockings that have a fine, spider web like design all over them. There is a very sexy looking seem up the back. They are held up with a garter belt and clips.
As I had requested, your panties are put on over your garter belt for easy removal. Your dress is a very, very deep purple almost black. There is just one shoulder strap holding it up and the other side is wrapped around you under your lovely bare arm. The front is cut quite low and it just barely covers your incredible breasts. There is no way that you could wear a bra with this dress so your nipples are prominently on display for all to enjoy and appreciate.
Your dress is cut to mid thigh, just short enough give everyone a tantalizing glimpse of your delicious thighs and the side of the dress is cut almost all the way up to your waist so you showed plenty of your great legs as we were escorted to our table. The ensemble is finished off by your shoes. Jet black with 4" heels and thin straps that crisscross your feet and wrap around your ankles. Your toes look so good I want to lick and suck on them one at a time. They are delicately painted to exactly match the color of your dress.
Once we've settled in we take a minute to take in the scene before us. The dining room is full and there is a steady but not too loud hum of many people talking and laughing. We can hear the tinkle of glasses and silverware. Everyone seems absorbed in their own conversations with their dining companions.
The room is not to dark but the light is subdued and shines out from behind beautiful glass sculptures suspend from the ceiling and looking like multi-hued clouds in flight. One wall is full of wine and other liquors. We are approached by our waiter Mark and he hand us menus and a drink list. I opt for a great single malt scotch from Islay. It's got a nice smokey flavor and is very smooth. You choose a wonderful Syrah from Oregon.
After Mark leaves to get our drinks, I lean in close to you and whisper in your ear "You look good enough to eat this evening my dear."
This causes a shiver to run up your spine and you turn you head, smiling and say "Thanks for the compliment, I hope that you do." Our liquid refreshments arrive and we clink our glasses and toast to our friendship and the anticipation of a very fulfilling evening.
As we peruse the menu, my hand slides down to your dress just near the hem. You flinch very lightly with surprise as my fingers trace the pattern of your stockings on your upper thigh. I continue down your upper leg till I get to your knee. I squeeze lightly and notice that your breathing has deepened and is a bit quicker. I pull your knee towards me in an attempt to open you legs a little. I can feel your leg muscles resist and I glare at you.
"Remember our agreement for tonight my dear. I am in complete control and you are not to deny any of my requests, desires or demands. You are mine to do with as I please and any hesitation on your part will result in the punishment of my choosing to be served in a more private setting."
You shudder a bit and I detect a very very quite but unmistakable moan escape your luscious lips. I am still staring into your eyes and I ask you "Do you understand what I am saying?" You nod your head and slowly relax your tightened leg muscles and allow me to pull them apart about 10" or so.
Due to the short table cloth, anyone who cares to look up can easily see under our table, especially because we are elevated above the main dining area so it is very easy to catch glimpses of our little show. With your legs spread, your thin panties are all that prevents your womanly charms from being on full display to all. I can notice the rise and fall of your chest as is reddens slightly and the pace of your breathing increases again even more.
We continue enjoying our drinks as we make our menu selections. My fingers are now tracing the shape of your thigh back up to where your dress ends. In attempt not to make too much of a scene, you pretend to be concentrating on the menu but there is no denying that you are getting turned on.
Mark arrives to take our order and he notices your flushed look, he just grins without a word and quickly remembers our selections without ever writing anything down. As he disappears, We turn to look into each others eyes. I can see the hesitation on you face, you are not sure that you can handle being on display like this in public but you know not to voice your concerns or question me about what may be next.
"I have not even begun to have fun yet my pet and I expect you to comply with all of my requests no matter how difficult they may seem. Please remember that I would never ask anything of you that might put you in danger or for that matter, even anything that I know, deep down in your soul, you would not really want to do. But, I do intend to push your boundaries." I smile as I tell you this and I see your shoulders sag slightly as you resign yourself to the fact that you will be on display but that it is out of my lust for you that we play like this.
I'm guessing that by this time, you are starting to get quite wet. To confirm my suspicion, I slowly glide my hand up the bare part of your thigh until my finger tips reach the thin cotton gusset of your panties. You are indeed sporting a warm and growing wet spot. I tell you that you are naughty for getting so openly aroused in such a public place.
Your eyelids half close as I gently press my fingers into you wetness causing your panties to fold up in between your sweet lips. It is quite obvious that you are getting extremely turned on and your little display is bound to attract some attention from the other patrons.
I once again lean in close and bring my lips to within a millimeter of your ear and say, "Remember that the front of our table that looks down on the dining room has no cloth to block the view. But don't even think of closing your legs."
You had neglected to notice this fact at first and the sudden awareness that your private parts could be on display causes you to redden even more as you take a small gasp of air. You have to fight the urge to pull your knees together.
I take it a step further and slide the material to one side so I can slip the tip of a finger inside your now very wet labia. At the precise moment, Mark returns with our first course. As he sets down the food he can see my arm is over in you lap under the table and he grins broadly. You shoot him a slightly stiff grin. You are probably way more self conscious than you need to be cause everybody else is absorbed in conversation with their table mates, or are they?
My finger tip has not penetrated you but is gently sliding up and down just about a half inch inside your lips. You are beginning to get very turned on and don't want to get us kicked out of the restaurant. I just smile and continue my digital ministrations while you attempt to nonchalantly eat your first course.
After a little more playing, I remove my finger and bring it to my lips and suck all of your wetness off it. It's like I'm enjoying a pussy flavored lollipop. Your cheeks are bright red but the look in your eyes reveals your true feelings. My hand goes back for another helping and you gasp again as I slide my finger into you again. I remove my hand from under the table and this time offer my finger to you.
You raise a questioning eyebrow but I tell you, "Don't hesitate, just do it, right now." You surround my finger tip with your mouth and use your tongue clean your sweet cream off of it. This pleases me and I tell you that I want you to remove your panties now.
Having almost resigned your self to your situation, you are, never the less, reluctant to comply with my request. If I didn't know better I'd swear you were being obstinate on purpose knowing that your behavior will result in punishment later on.
Again I say, "Just do it." You have to squirm a bit to get your wet panties down over your hips and anyone lucky enough to be viewing this knows full well what you are up to. Once they land around your ankles you reach down to retrieve them. You figure that you can surreptitiously slip them in my pocket but I shake my head, already knowing your thoughts.
Loud enough for others to hear I say, "I'd like you to lift them up above the table top and place them in my hand."
As the thin black material drops into my hand I can feel the moisture from them on my palm and I can also smell the heady aroma wafting up from them as I make a point of enjoying their feel while I slowly put them in my shirt pocket with a piece of them hanging out like it was a very sexy handkerchief.
I look into your eyes and say, "You are MOSTLY being a very good girl tonight. Your panties are soaked and I love the smell of your sexy pussy when you are this turned on."
"Now my sweet pet, I'd like you to take that bread stick out of the basket and put it in your pussy about 6 inches, spin it around a bit so it's nice and soaked then remove it and feed it to me."
You realize that I am very sincere in my request and you decide that should just throw all caution to the wind and comply. After a minute of fidgeting under the table your arm rises up to bring a dripping bread stick to my lips. I enjoy the aroma like I'm smelling a fine cigar. I savor my first bite and smile at you, "Thanks for the treat my sweet juicy woman".
As Mark brings our next course from the kitchen, his route has him climbing the stairs right next to us. His vantage point on the stairs as he ascends offers him an unobstructed view of what we are up to. To say he is enjoying the view would be a huge understatement.
"I'm going to give us both a momentary brake so we can concentrate on our entrees but I want you to keep your knees apart while we do."
You sigh and pickup your wine to cool off a bit. "The food is almost as delicious as you are my dear, don't you think?" You quietly nod in agreement. After we have cleaned our plates, we sit back a bit and relax for a moment and notice that some of the other diners are occasionally taking a clandestine peek in our direction. Although the room lighting is very subdued, it is enough for them to easily see your naked, wet, turned on pussy showing herself under our table. I make sure to point this out to you so you are very aware of the view you are presenting her for their view just in case you might have momentarily forgotten.
You give me a playful sneer and say, "You just wait till I get to be in charge for a night."
I smile evilly and remind you firmly, "That night it is not tonight, I will push your limits a bit tonight and I've only just begun."
We chat a bit while looking at the dessert menu as Mark approaches to take our order. You say you don't want any but I tell him we've decided to split a dessert. He nods and with a knowing smile, turns around to leave.
"I think our friend Mark is sporting an erection after catching a glimpse of your juicy cunt under the table." I am close to your ear as I say this with a breathy emphasis on "cunt" Your whole body shakes upon hearing this but I don't move away. My use of this word shocks you but also, unexpectedly sends a thrill though you. It's nasty but you can't deny how turned on you are at the moment.
"While we wait for Mark to return, I want you to place your hand over your cunt and use a finger to rub your clit. I want you to cum for me right here, right now at the table with other people watching you."
You again seem resistant and I note that this is the third time you are slow to comply. You give me a pleading look and say, "Please, please don't make me do this here."
"My pet, I'm not going to ask again, you will masturbate till you cum right here in front of the whole restaurant."
Your hand disappears again and I can already see you breathing quicken and your arm starts to shake as you carry out my request. It does not take you long to reach the point of no return as you have been hyper excited since we sat down.
"My pet, I want you to cum for me now please, gently pinch your clit till it sends you over the edge. I want to see you orgasm in front of all these people, many of whom have ring side seat for your performance."
Our timing is perfect as Mark shows up with our dessert and sets it down between us as he watches you pleasure yourself. He is almost frozen and I tell him to just stay there for one more second and I look at you and say "now my dear, do it right now."
This is all you can take and with two horny men staring at you, your release rips through your body as you shake and shiver your way through a very intense orgasm straining not to cry out as Mark stands there inches away from you. We can both smell your scent as it wafts up from under the table. He can hardly believe his luck. I nod for him to leave and he does so reluctantly as you try to regain you composure but I'm not done torturing you yet.
"Now my pet, I want you to pick up your spoon and bring it down to your pussy and scoop up a spoonful of your sweet nectar." You are past the point of being able to resist and you quickly do as I asked. There is more than enough there for you to complete your task.
"Carefully bring the spoon back up and drizzle your cum over the top of our dessert." Your viscous fluid oozes off the spoon and cascades steamily over the top and down the sides of our dessert. It's a black cherry chocolate torte with a raspberry balsamic gastrique.
Your shiny cum glaze adds a nice dimension to the dish. "Excellent, now feed me a large fork full of it." You bring the tasty looking treat up to my lips and I open wide, already detecting the scent of you on it. As you bring the fork in between my lips I close my mouth around it and use my tongue to remove the delicious morsel from the utensil. I can't help but close my eyes and swoon at the incredible mixture of smells, textures and tastes that mount a full frontal assault on all of my senses. It is easily the most delicious dessert I've ever had the pleasure of welcoming into my mouth.
"Please take a bite of it yourself, then you can feed me some more." You happily consume a good forkful of the yummy treat and are surprised at how incredibly good it is. You mention this to me as if you have never thought of this particular combination before.
"Remember my sweet, I am a chef, I know how to combine ingredients to achieve the perfect flavor profiles." We polish off the rest of the sweet treat in short order and decide that it's time to leave the restaurant and head back to our hotel. The rest of the nights activities would get us arrested if we attempted them in this setting.
As we stand, you realize that your orgasm has left your legs a bit shaky. As we make our way down the stairs with me holding your arm for support, we are met with wry smiles from many of the other customers that witnessed our show. No doubt jealous that they were not at our table to partake of the icing on our torte.
Mark thanks us for our patronage and hopes that we will be back soon. I'll bet he does. We decide to walk the short distance back to our hotel. We walk arm in arm and and you snuggle in close and kiss me thanking me for an amazingly exhilarating experience while your mind silently wonders what else I have is store for you this night. You will not have to wait long to find out my dear, not long at all.