... be warned this is not your typical Loving Wives story and in fact it should be in a Loving Husbands section if there were such a category, but because of some voyeuristic parts I have added it to that section. The events retold here are basically true with a little literacy licence to make it more enjoyable to read. The basic facts are true. English is not my first language so please don't leave comments on such things and if you are not interested in this life style then move on to another story you are into...
*****
David and I were on the sofa and we were both naked, me sitting on his lap, facing him as I lowered my pussy down onto his cock. All the time he sat so quietly, not seeming able to move, staring directly ahead of himself, as my husband sat beside us, watching TV ...
*
Let me go back a little to how this situation arose. My English name is Chrys and I am a Chinese woman of 37, 160cm and about 55kg and my figure could best be described as a western kids size 10, long black hair, who is married to an older western guy in his 60's and I have always had a strong sexual desire, which I had always tried to keep under control for the sake of my marriage. When I first started sleeping with my husband all those years ago when I was just 22, I was determined that he was all I ever wanted and needed, and no matter how many times he told me he was too old for me and how he will never be able to fully satisfy me, I refused to think otherwise. That is until about 3 year ago when he had an accident and lost the ability to maintain an erection. He was devastated and then told me I should divorce him and find a younger guy who would keep me satisfied, but I loved him too much to let a lack of sex cause me to lose him.
Over the next year I tried my best to ignore my needs but one day it happened and after having drunk too much at a work Christmas party at a local pub,, I found myself in a cheap room upstairs with some bastard pounding away at my pussy. It was a Friday night and only 7 pm, and truth to tell I am not a drinker so in fact I had only been there at the party for about 2 hours as the drinks started at 3 pm and I guessed by 5 pm I was already well and truly drunk. As soon as he finished he got off me, dressed, threw $50 at me and left. I was so devastated and wondered how I could possibly go home and admit to my husband what I had done. I stood under the hot shower until the water went cold, I dried myself and got dressed, but instead of taking a taxi home I decided to walk the 3 klms home as I needed time to think what to do.
As I walked through the door my head was hung low as I went into the living room where he was waiting up for me. I guess he knew me very well as I did not need to saw a word.
"I guess it finally happened and your hormones got the better of you?" he said. "You know I won't ever be angry with you as you are a young, attractive woman who deserves to have her pleasures met. I just hope you had fun and don't feel you did wrong" he added as I lifted my head and he saw my tears.
"How can you say that to me when I just acted like a cheap slut and let the first guy who asked, fuck me and then insult me by leaving money for me? I will pack my bags and be gone tomorrow as you don't need someone like me around" I ran from the room crying.
He jumped from his seat and followed me to the bedroom where he made me sit down and listen as he repeated all those words from long ago, how he said h will never be able to satisfy my over the years and now that I was in my 30's he knew it was just a matter of time before I give in to temptation and had some fun. He kept telling me how it was bad that I had such a disastrous night, but he was glad that at least I had had a little bit of fun and he asked me to forget the guy, but answer if the sex itself was good. I thought for a few moments and meekly admitted that the sex had been great, not who had given it, but the feelings of a hard cock pounding away at my pussy.
"That is the main thing that at least you enjoyed the sex. How do you feel now, having had a fuck after about a year of none? Do you feel you can keep going without it?" he asked.
I began crying even harder as I admitted that I knew I would never be able to go without sex for long periods, maybe a month or so, but never again could I go a year or even longer without a hard cock giving me pleasure. Instead of being upset or hurt, he laughed and said he was glad I was ready to face the truth and now we would be able to fix that problem, as sex was just a bodily function, and not the be all and end all of a marriage. I did not really know what he meant, so he slowly laid it all out before me and the options I, or we, had.
"There is divorce, but I don't want that, there is the option of you having one night stands when you feel the urge, but I don't like you putting yourself into dangerous situations, or there is total openness and freedoms from now on if you decide you want to stay. But you have to decide and tell me by the nd of the week" he calmly spoke.
"I don't want to divorce but feel I have hurt you and will keep hurting you if I can't control my urges. I also agree I don't like the idea of having random strangers fuck me as that will just cause troubles for us and for my work if words get around. As for the last option I have no idea what you mean" I replied.
He asked me to come into his study so he could find some information online for me to read and then I could make up my mind. I stood quietly beside me as he went to Google and typed in words I had never heard of before, 'polyamorous lifestyles', and when he found the ones he was looking for that also had video links, he told me to take my time, read as many articles as I wished, look at some of the video where people talked about their lifestyles, and he was heading off to bed to sleep and I should think about this until the next weekend when we could talk about my decision.
Not knowing what to expect I just opened the first article and started to read. I could not believe people could live like that and thought maybe I opened a wrong link so I went to the next link and then the next and the one after that, all talking about similar things and ways of life. It was hard to believe that this was not something just a few kinky people did, but in fact was very common these day. There were page after page of links with stories and discussions and after reading a large number of them I decided to look at some of the video chats. My eyes opened wide as a young woman stood between two guys and began by introducing herself then her husband (on her left) and then her boyfriend (on her right). She told her story about how she had been married a few years but felt she had a lot of love to give and needed a lot given to her. Then her husband added that whilst it is good to know he has the same options as she, he is not really ready as he only needs her love. He also added how it made him feel better, knowing she was safe and with someone who cared about her and respected her, as well as treated her good.
My head was spinning as her 'boyfriend' explained how he missed having someone to spoil and take out to dinners, movies, walks etc., as well as have sex with, but he was not ready at that stage to make a full time commitment with a girl for a relationship and marriage, and for him, the polyamorous lifestyle suited him fine. It made me laugh when her husband added that it was also good as him and her boyfriend had become mates so it was a win-win all around for them. I looked at a few other videos and some were like the first, some couples admitted it was just about the sex and how it made sense to have a small group of 'friends' they could share beds with and no one needed to fear troubles, divorce or jealousy. In a strange way it all made sense to me.
It was almost 5 am when I finally stopped reading and went to bed where I had all these weird dreams of having sex with guys I, or both of us knew and it made me feel very strange. When I awoke husband had gone out to do some shopping, but left me a note to say he wished I had time to be alone and think about what was on offer and not disturbed by him, so he was then going to his mates place and would be back about 5 pm. It worried me a little but it also made sense as I had a lot to think of. I knew deep down I did love him and really did not want a divorce. I also knew it was obvious my body craved sex and needed it, but I could not stand the thought of total strangers having their way with me just so I could get my needs met. That just left me one thing to contemplate, and that one thing would be very hard to decide as there were many things that could go wrong for us both.
Later that afternoon when he returned he never asked me for an answer, instead he spoke first and told me he knew my mind would be in turmoil but I had to work it out for myself and not let him interfere. He finished by saying the subject was not to be mentioned or discussed until the following weekend. I agreed. Life went on as normal, well on the outside it did but in my mind it was a raging war. we had dinner around 7 as usual, watched a little TV and he went to bed about 10 but I stayed up and returned to the computer to do more reading. Sunday morning he brought me breakfast in bed as he said he knew I had been up most of the night reading and thinking, and he suggested I stay in bed as long as I needed.
Monday was both a blessing and a bitch as it meant I did not have to face him, but it also meant I had to face people from work, not knowing how many had seen me drunk and going upstairs with one of the other workers. It was only when I got to work and started thinking about all this that I realized I did not even know who the guy was. I could not remember his face from any department, so that just left it to be someone else's husband, partner or friend who had got me into bed and fucked me silly. That made me feel even worse, but it also meant maybe no one else would know or ever likely find out.
Throwing myself deep into my work I was able to stay sane by not thinking too much on what I had done, but at the same time it gave me time to think about the choice I had been given, polyamory, and if I could or would like that and more importantly, who would I do things with and should it be just the one or multiple guys. This just made my mind spin even more. Slowly, after days and hours at work thinking over these things, then coming home and seeing him, but not being able to talk it out yet, just made life very hard and confusing. finally it was Saturday morning and it was time for me to start talking to him. I cooked bacon and eggs, some toast, a pot of coffee and got the morning paper and took them to the dining room just as he was entering the room.
"Good morning sweetie, how did you sleep?" he asked. "Breakfast looks great. I have no plans for the day and have unplugged the phone, so after we eat we have all day to chat and you can tell me what you decided or ask questions if you need."
The next 3 or 4 hours went rather fast as I told him firstly how much I was sorry for what I had done then I told him the only choice for me was the one he had suggested, but that I was not sure just how to start or more importantly with whom to start with. I said how for a week I had looked at almost every guy from work, the shops, the neighbours etc. that I/we knew, and there was no way I could feel good about having sex with any of them. That just left total strangers, and that would be more like one night stands to me.
"Yes," he laughed, "I guess it would be, but you have to start somewhere, just like back when you and me first met and then started. I'm not suggesting that you meet some stranger and take him to bed. I'm saying you have the option, if you wish, to take one or more guys as boyfriends/lovers if/when you feel ready. It all depends on you. But I guess the first thing is if you think you can jump into bed with an almost total stranger when you are sober. Anyone can get drunk and jump into bed and fuck a random person, but I want you to be fully aware and in control of your emotions and feelings and to enjoy the sex and friendship."
This was a point I had not thought of and he could see it threw me off track as he once again laughed and said there was no hurry and there was no right or wrong way to do this. I could decide if it was someone I met up with and after a few times going out I just had sex when I needed, like a 'friends with benefits' (FWB) thing, or if I wanted to form a very close intimate relationship and have a regular boyfriend or else I could advertise in a contact site like craigslist or locanto etc. and after chatting and swapping details a few times then I could decide to have sex with the guy. It was totally up to me he told me, as he wanted me to decide and not be led by his ideas.
Being a little bit of a scared rabbit I was not sure which way but knew if I tried to first form a relationship that my emotions could get in the way and I did not want complications, so that was out. The idea of a FWB was nice but it also created the problem of it being someone that did not know me from work or us from where we lived, and that would mean having to go out alone looking for guys. That idea was totally not me as that is how I got in this mess to start with. That just left advertising, but I had no idea what to do or say or ever where to advertise and what to look for. After telling him this he thought hard for a time then said he would help me with that but I had to make the final choice so the guy was someone that appealed to m and not just be a guy he felt was OK for me.
After dinner, instead of watching TV we spent the next few hours in his study coming up with ideas for the advertisement. He ask me so many things about what sort of guy appealed to me, age, what height, build, features, long or short hair, beards, tattoos, piercings etc., smokers, drinkers etc. I was so glad he was helping me with the common sense things or I would have just advertised and said 'married woman wants a fuck buddy' and that would have caused big issues. I settled on looking for a guy about my age, 180 to 190 cm, slim to average build, clan cut, short to medium length hair, no piercings and not many tattoos. I hoped not a smoker but was OK as long as they not smoke when with me and as for drinker only as long as social and not a drunk. Once that was done he created a new e-mail ID for me and set up an account on craigslist for me with a different name.
Next he started to write the advert for me, listing what I was looking for, what I liked and did not like, what turned me on and off, what days or nights I was hoping for and some basic details about me, my body and looks. After that h asked m to pose for a few photos, dressed up, casual and beachwear and he took some photos with his camera and after downloading them to his computer he edited out my face and he said we were ready to go. The advert was then uploaded to craigslist under "personals, casual relationships".
----
"Polyamorous Asian woman, 35, seeks guy for mutual benefits"
Hi, I'm a 37 yo married Asian woman, 153cm, thin, D&D free and expect the same, who needs more than my husband can give at the moment. Am looking for a guy between 30 and 40, 180 to 190 cm, thin to average build, D&D, no piercings, clean cut. Will prefer non smoker, casual drinker for outings and intimate friendship on weekends.
----
He added 2 photos of me and uploaded the advert and photos. I assumed there would be no one remotely interested, and even if there was it would be a few weeks before any replies. I was shocked when just 30 minutes later there were already 15 replies in the inbox. Over the next few hours that number grew to almost 60 replies so we deleted the advert as we did not need that many to sort through and we both expected I would find the right guy for me in that first lot of replies. I was certainly wrong there when we started to open and read the replies.
"Hey baby, I have a 10" cock you can ride any time you like" was the first reply.
"Hi, I'm a little out of your age range but please consider me. I'm 65yo, rich and like fucking Asian pussy" was another.
"Love your pics babe, can you send me some naked ones so I can wank over them?" was a general response.
"Ditch the prick and come to me, I'm make you scream every night and day" was another of the dreadful answers.
Out of almost 60 replies there were just three that sounded even close to what I was looking for and we decided the only way to make sure was if I met them each for dinner and a chat so I arranged them all for the following Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights at different restaurants and asked each of them to pick me up at our place.
One was a businessman, married, in town once a month for a few nights and looking for someone to wine and dine. He said he was early 50's and very fit and hoped to have a discrete but great time with me. Another was 36, single, said he met all my requirements and was happy to meet the following week for dinner and a chat. The third said he was 39 and asked if we could chat a few times over the next few days to make sure we both were suited. This was fine with me and over the next few days we chatted, asked and answer questions about each other, exchanged photos (with face) and not once did he ask about topless or naked photos and did not even ask anything close to sex questions. I was impressed with him and hoped he was the right one but I would have to wait until Sunday as planned.
On the following Friday the guy in his 50's turned up at the time set in our driveway and I went out and after exchanging a few nice words he opened the door for me and we left. He took me to a really nice restaurant that was part of an expensive hotel. We chatted for half an hour as we sipped a wine and then ordered our meals. He talked about himself briefly and explained his wife was in a palliative care hospice as she had a heart attack, and he missed the closeness of someone but he did not wish to divorce her as that would be wrong. his only request was that it be kept quiet until she had passed. He then asked me about myself and my reasons for this and he seemed to accept my situation and even showed his anger to the guys that had basically raped me a few weeks before. After dinner we were still chatting away when the manager said he needed to close up and I felt so at ease chatting with this guy that when he suggested I join him in his room (he was booked into a suite) for a night cap, I felt all was good.
We seemed to talk for a few more hours and not once did he try to touch me or force me to drink too much. Before I knew it the time had reached 11 pm and not knowing what to do or say next I told him I would need to call home and explain I was busy chatting and would husband to come and get me. He said there was no worry as he did not want to make troubles for me and he will drive me if I wish. I went outside and called home and husband, whilst not overly worried, was starting to wonder if I had already decided to have sex with this guy as the time had slipped by and he knew I was probably wanting a fuck. I told him it was just talking and time went fast but that I did in fact think he would be a nice guy to have a relationship with and would like to maybe meet again next time he is in town and have sex. My husband suggested that since I was already there I maybe should take it to the next level and see how things work out. I was a little worried, but also decided maybe a quick one would be nice. I told him the guy offered to drive me home so said I would see if he wanted to have sex then will be home in about 2 hours.
What was meant to be just one time then home turned into two times over the next 2 hours and then again at 5:30 when I awoke (yes I fell asleep) and then he dropped me back home. Whilst husband was a little annoyed with the lateness, he said he understand and it was to be expected after all the time I had gone without. We talked about what I had spoken with the guy and how much I enjoyed the sex and then about 7 am I went back to bed to catch up on some much needed sleep. I got out of bed around noon and after a light lunch and some heavy thinking, I told husband I would cancel the other two guys as it seemed the guy from last night was the right one for me. He told me he thought that was not good as I had made arrangements with the other two, and it was still worth my while to at least go out to dinner with them and get to know them in case anything went wrong and the first guy changed his mind. I agreed eventually and decided it was the right thing to do.
Later that day I got a message from the 36 yo guy asking if we could skip dinner as he was running late and if we could just go direct to a hotel and fuck. That was the end of him quickly and I did not even reply to him and as he only knew the suburb I was in, he did not yet have an address or phone number so I had no worry at all.
Sunday even came and about 10 minutes after the 39 yo guy was due to arrive I see a message from him on a chat app I had joined and he was asking me if it were safe to come now as he was not sure because he knew I was married. I sent back a message and told him there was no worry and to just arrive. Twenty minutes later he pulled into the drive way and I walked out to greet him. He seemed scared to get out of his car but leaned across and opened the door and as soon as I was in he reversed out. We went to a Thai restaurant and he relaxed once we were there and he asked me about my situation and explained his wife had walked out on him 2 years before and he had not dated since so was a little rusty. I explained all about my husband and I and how there was no worry and in fact it was husbands suggestions I try this. Over the course of the next few hours we had a lot of chats, a nice meal and then he offered to drive me home. On the way he said he really enjoyed my company and hoped we would see each other again and how he hoped I in fact wanted to see him again and take it to the next level. We pulled into my drive about 10:30 pm and when he asked if he will see me again I said I will answer in another way and he can decide. I leaned over and kissed him and at the same time I started rubbing his cock through his trousers. He got hard instantly so I unzipped him and went down to his lap and took him in my mouth. Well, he seemed to be telling the truth about not having dated for two years as no sooner his dick was in my mouth then he erupted hard and fast into my mouth. He went very quiet and seemed upset and just said thank you and that he should be going.
So there I found myself with a new problem, both the guys seemed to be good, one older but obviously a gentleman and the other close to my age and vey timid. Now I just needed to decide which one. After talking to husband about this he suggested I keep both as the older one won't always be available or able to keep up and the younger one was from the same town so will be available more often. Apart from that he said there was no worry with just having them as friends. I thought about this and agreed and the next morning I was off to work feeling a lot happier than I had been in ages.
I tried sending text messages to the younger guy on Facebook messenger but even though it showed he saw the messages, he never replied. I tried every day for a week and no replies came. I guess being so bold as to give him a blow job in the drive way was just too much for him and he had changed his mind. When I e-mailed the older guy he always replied but seemed aloof when I asked certain questions. This worried me a little and over the next few weeks his plans always changed and then when he did say he will be back in town on business and I told him it was "wrong time of month" for me, he said he will change his plans and come a week later. this sent the warning bells off as it seemed he just wanted the sex and not the friendship as well. We started looking at Craigslist to see if any other guys were suitable in this area but husband noticed an advert that seemed familiar. He checked it out and seemed the same story as the older guy had told me so he created a new ID and sent back a fake reply. this time he told a totally different story, but it was the same guy, even down to the e-mail address. I knew then I had been played for a cheap fuck and I became depressed once again.
Depression had set in on me so husband tried his best with his hands and tongue to keep me satisfied and he also got me a couple of sex toys, but I did not really like using fake dicks, and just gave up on sex life. Around that time we had joined a site called 'couch surfing' where people offered a couch, bed, the floor etc. to international travellers for a cheap night as well as cultural exchange. Mostly we were having girls stay and always 2 or 3 and a few times there were 4 Austrian girls who stayed two nights with us. this took my mind off things for a time. The first few times we had guys ask to stay, the first one was an idiot who kept to himself and just wanted a free bed for the night and he was gone early in the morning. the next were two German guys and they were both gay, but tried to hide it. The next few were guys on their own, all were between 18 and 35 and all basically were travelling around looking at the sights and were nice people and a few even offered to cook traditional meals for us.
One regular thing that did occur was that the ones who had spent a few days on a local tourist island just off the coast, all spent most of the time walking to save money, and all seemed to complain about sore legs and backs. I had done a little bit of massage before and a few times I offered to give them a massage but at first there were no takers. A few months later there was a young 25 yo Swedish guy stayed with us for a few days as he said he needed to just relax as he had been on the road for about three months and was very tired and sore and sick of sleeping in tents on the side of the road. It was my husband that actually suggested to him he could have a massage from me as long as he was not embarrassed about stripping in front of me. He said he would love a massage but was a little worried because he was also there and maybe gets the wrong idea if he gets too aroused. My husband laughed and told him if that happened the chances were I would maybe just rape him. He laughed, did not believe a word, but he agreed.
We showed him the small office where there is a single bed that I use as a massage table and I left him to undress while I went and changed. I was going to just wear a bikini so he felt better about being naked, but when I was about to walk in and saw how nervous he was, I stopped and said to him I will go topless so he feel less embarrassed. He laughed and said he appreciated but wondered how my husband would react if he knew. I entered the room, took off my bikini top and grabbed the oils and told him that I had no secrets from my husband and the door would stay open. If husband saw or heard anything it did not matter and it was a safety thing for us both. The young guy was face down with just a towel around him but once I had massaged his neck, back and legs, I asked if he wanted the top of his thighs and his buttocks massage ad well, and if so he needed to lose the towel. He took a moment then after looking around and seeing me topless he took the towel from around him and I massaged the rest of the back of him.
As I was doing the top and inside of his thighs he squirmed a few times and seemed to be having troubles getting comfortable and it was only when I went a bit too far up I understood the trouble, he was sporting a very hard erection and he did not know where to place it. I gave his bum a light smack and told him it was time to roll over so her reached for the towel but it had fallen to the floor and I told him he did not need it. He looked at me a moment then said fine and rolled over. his cock pointed straight up and did not look like going down. I started at his shoulders and down to his chest, then his arms and down his sides, but did not go back towards his erection. I then went to the foot of the bed and massaged his feet then the bottom of his legs. He was really enjoying what I was doing and even said he was almost falling asleep. I told him that was great and to just relax and it did not matter if he fell asleep. His eyes closed and I started just above his knees, but his cock never softened, but in fact began twitching slightly.
As I moved further up to his upper legs my husband walked past on his way to the kitchen to get a drink. He stopped at the door and looked in and smiled. My hands were just below the young guys balls at that point and husband mimed with his hand and mouth to me to give it a suck and while I felt strange with that, the blood had already started to boil inside my body. My hands moved up higher and went either side of his balls and massaged but I made contact with them a few times to 'test the waters' to see what the guy will do. his eyes stayed shut and he said nothing, but he had a great big smile on his face.
After a few minutes massage there I told him it was cruel to leave him so hard and throbbing, and with his permission I would give him some hand relief. He gulped but then said that would be nice so I slowly ran my hands up his shaft and began to stroke his cock. Husband had stayed out of direct sight of the guy but he could still see what I was doing as well as up to the guys navel. He smiled at me and indicated with his hands for me to suck the guy but first he pointed to my bikini pants and directed me to drop them off. I stopped stoking for a moment with the excuse I wanted to get on the other side of the single bed and as I moved around there I quickly dropped by bikini bottom, I was then totally naked. I began to stroke his balls and his cock once more and it was very rigid. after a few strokes more he murmured how nice it felt and how he had not had sex for about 6 months since he came to Australia. I gave a laugh and said maybe he needs to fix that problem and I maybe could help him out. He opened his eyes and looked at me and asked what I meant but instead of answering I just dropped my head to his lap and opened my mouth to take in his cock.
He was very aroused and by that time had said he did not think he could last long so I opened the desk draw and grabbed a condom and told him to put it on. He looked puzzled but it was too late for him to think of right and wrong so he did as directed and put it on his swollen cock. I then threw a leg over him and climbed on top and grabbing his cock again I lowered myself down and felt him slide into my pussy and it did not stop until it hit the very back of my pussy. I felt wrong but at the same time it felt so good that I had this hard young cock inside of my pussy and I did not have to feel guilty or need to explain anything to my husband. Once he was fully inside of me I looked around and husband mouthed a quick "have fun" and gave me a thumbs up and he went back to the living room to watch TV.
About 30 minutes later we finished our fuck and I took him into the shower and cleaned the oil off him as well as washed us both. Once done I passed him his shorts but I stayed naked. I grabbed him and husband a beer and told the young guy to come and watch TV with me. He seemed perplexed that I had not dressed and asked my why not so I just told him there was no need as husband knows what I look like naked and likes to see me that way. He then asked what will he say as husband will guess something had happened so instead of saying anything I just took his hand and lead him to the living room. As we walked in husband moved over and patted the spot beside him and asked me to sit and I got the young guy to sit on the other side of me.
"Well you two sure seemed to have more than just a massage. I went out to get a drink before and she was riding your cock like there was no tomorrow. I'm glad you both enjoys yourselves." he laughed.
Not knowing what to say or do, the guy just sat quietly and drank his beer. Once finished he excused himself and said he was going to have an early night as he had a lot to see around town the next day. After he left I kissed my husband and told him I was so happy and appreciated what he had allowed me to do. At that point I think it had been around three months since I had sex with the older guy who used me so my body had been craving it. Husband asked if I had got enough, but when I told him how the guy had not lasted long he smiled and suggested I remedy that by visiting his room a few times during the night if I were in the need. His room was next to ours so about an hour later we went to bed but I then went and knocked on his door. He answered so I went in and instead of asking if he want to fuck, I just entered the room, leaving the door open, and crawled in next to him and began rubbing his cock. It was 9 pm when I went into his room and 11:30 when I return to my bed. We had fucked three times and each time was better and longer than the previous one. Husband made a comment on how much he could tell that I enjoyed myself as I have always been a moaner and at that point this guy did not know my bedroom was next to his.
At around 5 am I woke up and was surprised at just how horny I was feeling. I rolled over and began trying to get husband hard without even thinking. He rolled over and told me to just go back next door and get what I needed and there was not problems as he was glad I had a young stud for a few days who would take care of the needs that he himself could not. The guy was a little reluctant at first when I slipped in and took his cock into my mouth as I think he had thought he had dreamt it all the night before. But dream or no dream his cock was quickly throbbing and he was not going to say no now. He fucked my in about four different positions before finally taking me doggy style and shooting his load deep inside of my pussy. It was only then that I realised I had forgotten to take a condom in and I was feeling too horny to say he needed one. The moment got us and what was done was done and there was no going back now. The good part was I had an IUD inserted a couple of years ago so pregnancy was the least of my worries, and as for an STD, well I could only trust my judgement having seen his dick up close the day before and it sure seem very clean to me. By 7 am we both walked out to go for a shower and husband was in the kitchen making a coffee.
"Guess you could do with a strong coffee after what she has put you through, how do like it?" husband asked without even turning around.
We went and showered and when we finished husband called out and said he had toast and coffee waiting for us on the balcony. I had no problems but the young guy was a little intimidated about going out and facing my husband as he knew it was obvious what we had been doing.
"Thank you," husband started, "you have made my wife feel whole again and she has really needed what you were able to give her during the night. Feel free to have as much more as you wish with her before you ;leave on your travels tomorrow. It will be a long time before she gets another chance so I am happy for her to get as much as she can." He added as he drank his coffee.
After breakfast the young guy dressed and said he was going into town to look around at some of the heritage places and would be back mid afternoon. I spent the next few hours doing everything possible to tell my husband how much I appreciated what he had done for me and how he had opened up a whole new world for me. A world where I could see out occasional relief from international travellers who crossed our path on their travels. Knowing that it was as simple as offering a massage to a weary traveller and gauging their reactions to if I could have some fun with them, as well as give them some sexual relief and adventure while they were in this country. It made me feel safe knowing they were only here for a night, two at the most, and it all happened in the safety of my home with a loving caring person nearby in case of any hassles. And the best part was once the guys leave they are never likely to return as they will travel the country, do all the sight seeing things then return to their home country. It was perfect for me as I did not really want to get involved with any guys from our small town and I did not want any complications. A fuck or three every few months with guys that were young, eager, horny and hard and just happy to have had a bit while travelling.
About 4 pm I heard husband and my young stud chatting in the kitchen and I was laying down for a rest. I heard the shower start and knew because it was so hot outside that he maybe needed to cool down. After he went down to the living room I got up and not bothering to put clothes on I walk into the room and sat down between the two of them. Both had a beer in their hands and both were only wearing shorts. I sat between them both and put a hand on the young guys lag and began to rub it up and down, slowly creeping closer to his cock which was obviously beginning to react as his shorts began to tent. I slipped my fingers under the leg of his shorts and pulled his cock out and leaned in closer and took it into my mouth and began sucking it. After a few moments of this I sat up and standing up in front of him I pulled his shorts totally off his legs.
Moving closer I put one leg each side of his and climbed up onto his lap and kissed him. David and I were on the sofa and we were both naked, me sitting on his lap, facing him as I lowered my pussy down onto his cock. All the time he sat so quietly, not seeming able to move, staring directly ahead of himself, as my husband sat beside us, watching TV while we fucked. He was so worried at the start about me doing this with him so close to husband, but after a few moments husband said he will give us more room and he moved across to the single seat and continued watching TV while David and I fucked on the sofa in full view if husband desired to watch. As I said, I was so happy everything was totally open and honest with us that I could now have either a casual fucks with international travellers or if I found the right person I could take a 'boyfriend' to give me the carnal pleasures that husband could no longer give me. I was the luckiest woman alive and had no plans of getting greedy and thus spoiling what I had.
Yes, David was my first release in safety and I was sure he would not be my last. In fact Over the next eight months I had sex with 3 different international travellers when they stayed a night at our home, and their ages ranged from 19 yo to 39yo and I must say I prefer them when they are very young like the 19 yo German guy. They were al only one night, but they were nights that would satisfy my urges for a time so I could stay married and safe.
So, this is how I got into the polyamorous lifestyle and was able to keep my sanity, keep safe and keep my marriage. I guess some of you will say I am just a slut, but the first two guys, the one in the pub room and the old guy were the only ones where I could be accused of being a slut. I learned my lesson and due to the love and kindness of a great man, my husband, I was able to grow and not have to resort to one night stands. I know this life style is not for all, but it certain suits me. Maybe one day I will find a nice safe guy around here who can join me as my FWB or 'other husband', but for now I will be content with what I have. Thank you for reading my story.