Leaving Fredericksburg, and not that far out Route 16, we found a new chain motel that was nearly empty. It was so new that it probably wasn't taking reservations yet. We stopped, and I went inside. The motel desk was operated by a Pakistani family, a husband and wife team with a small child behind the counter. The woman was quietly mysterious, with dark deep set eyes on an attractive face, and a thin body buried beneath traditional Pakistani clothes. I asked to see the room while Louie parked the Mercury. It wasn't as if we had a choice, it was late afternoon, but I always want to cameo a room. The husband directed his wife to do the showing, and when she bent over for the pass key she surprised me with a view of her dark breasts and nipples.
We walked past a small outdoor pool that was sparkling clean, and from the lack of cars parked anywhere, my hunch was that we had the place to ourselves. Our hostess didn't say a word to me, and she opened the door of the very first motel room next to the pool. The room was so new that it had a fresh carpet odor. I walked to the bath and flicked on the lights and fan, I felt the mattress, flashing as much of my own boobs as I could discretely do, and trying to see if she was paying attention.
"The room is fine," I said, "but we will need more towels."
"More towels?"
"Yes, I am going to take a swim. Please bring me extra towels."
Then I motioned to Louie that we were taking the room and waited as he brought some baggage in. "Let's take a short swim before we loose the sun, we've had a long day" I said to him. "Where's my bag with my swimsuits?"
The door was standing open while Louie went back and forth with travel bags. Each of my bathing suits were buried with my clothes. With the bag open on the motel bed, I undressed and fished through it looking for my green thong bikini. Louie was trying to chill some white wine in cold sink water.
Suddenly there was a tap on the open door. I turned toward it. Standing there was a different Pakistani woman with a stack of large white towels in her arms. My guess was that this woman was another relative, maybe a sister or a cousin, she looked about twenty. She had the same dark eyes, an attractive face and thin figure, but she was wearing the motel chain's uniform of a logo pull over shirt and khakis. I faced her, nude, and pretended to be startled as I tested her reaction.
"Put those near the bath, please. And please bring us some ice, as quick as you can."
"Ice bucket?"
"Yes, an ice bucket. Get on with it."
It was fun ordering this young Pakistani cutie around as I stood nude with my hands on my hips, and it reminded me of my time spent in England. She left quickly to fetch the ice, just as Louie came out of the bath. I stayed naked.
"Why don't you change into your trunks, hon?" I said. "I'm sort of playing a game with this motel clerk, and...well...I told her to bring us an ice bucket. Maybe if you were changing when she comes back we could tease her as a couple. These Pakistanis, they don't know what our customs are, I'm not even sure this young one understands English."
Louie laughed at me. "Such a boring day you've had, being with me. What's the problem, Sheryl, no one to flash at the pool? And you, always playing the 'better than' game with younger women. Ok, I'll undress, but only to take a quick shower. Call out to me if you need me."
A minute or so after Louie started the water our new gal came back with a large bucket of ice. I was still naked. As she entered our room I shut the door behind her. "Follow me," I said. "Put the ice in the bathroom sink with the wine bottle. Go ahead." When she opened the bathroom door I heard Louie shut the water off. He slid the curtain back just as our motel clerk entered the bathroom. I watched as she stared at Louie's broad shoulders down to his penis.
"Hand him a towel, will you please?" I said, as I passed her one of the stack of towels she had delivered. I didn't know if she was excited, or thought that it was her job, or maybe she misunderstood me, but she immediately started drying Louie's chest off.
"Whoa... that's enough, thank you," I said. "No touch, ok?" Then I took her by the arm and grabbed her firmly. I rubbed the back of my hand against her breast as I walked her out of the room. "Thank you for the ice," I said, and I closed the motel room door behind her.
I found a corkscrew in Louie's pants pocket, and I uncorked the chilled wine. We hadn't brought in wine glasses yet, so I used one of those plastic covered plastic cups that are in every chain motel in America, and I poured myself a plastic cup of wine. Then I did the same for Louie. Life wasn't that bad, at that moment, not bad at all. Louie and I were standing naked, sipping Chardonnay, in a new motel room somewhere in Texas. The sun was sinking, and I was ready for a quick swim. Later, I thought, we'd find a restaurant, he'd treat me like a princess, and we'd pass out in each other's arms.
"Sheryl...you were too pushy with that young motel clerk. Did you get a good look at her? I mean, I can't always guess the age of those people."
"Relax," I said. "She was in our room, delivering supplies to guests. I've been around Pakistani workers before, I know what I'm doing. You were obviously in the shower with the water running, you'd be naked to anyone in any language. And no sexual contact took place. If anything, I could complain about the way she went after you. She won't be a problem."
Then I put my green thong bikini on, grabbed another towel, and headed out the door for the pool. Louie didn't follow. No one else was there, and I had a cool quick swim. The shadows crossed the pool as the sun slipped away and I could feel the intense humidity dropping. Next I was back in the room, and Louie was yelling about the TV set.
"The damn thing doesn't work," he said, as he continued to press the on/off remote. "Walk over to the office and get them over here while I put some pants on."
Hmmm. More fun. I did as Louie asked, in my green thong bikini, and the motel manager immediately followed me back to our room, accompanied by the young clerk. He took a look at the remote, batted it, it still wouldn't work. Then he said something in some language and the young gal left.
"How old is she?" I heard Louie ask him, as I started to slip out of my wet suit. I was on the other side of the motel room, in front of the second sink, facing away. With some maneuvering the manager could see me in the mirror, but he didn't try.
"Oh, Deema, just nineteen."
"Is she married?" Louie asked.
"No. At home, when she was fifteen, she was married to an old man in our city. She was his third wife. Last month he died, and she doesn't have much, so we moved her here to help us with the motel."
"So she's a virgin?"
"No. The old man did consummate the marriage, but they had no children. His other wives had his children, and his property went to them."
"This old man, he had three wives at the same time?"
"Yes, and all beautiful women too."
'Deema' then returned with a package of batteries. The manager simply changed the battery in the remote, and the TV set came on. They left, and we had more Chardonnay, this time in a wine glass. I took a very short shower and I dressed myself in casual clothes while Louie watched the news. Then we drove back toward Fredericksburg looking for a place to eat.
To our tastes, finding a restaurant was a hard thing to do in Fredericksburg. The town wasn't completely dry, but the couple of restaurants that looked attractive did not serve alcohol. We passed some saloons that would probably appeal to beer drinking, whiskey shooting tourists, cowboy pretenders, but Louie and I were not at that stage. It's a German town, and I always have difficulty with German food.
Years before, we used to walk around Stuggart on Sundays; nice days when the people had their windows open. You could smell the giant wiener dogs ringed with onions and potatoes, you could see the stern Germans just back from church quaffing huge draft beers with their families. I hated German food in Germany, though I liked Stuggart, but Fredericksburg was no Stuggart.
On the outskirts of town, we found a Texas Steakhouse, probably a chain but not one known in Ohio. The food smelled like crap cut with grease. Louie had the big burger and I had a fish tale sandwich, each came with sides of fries and coleslaw. Worse, the people were ugly and misshaped from a lifetime of that sort of diet. The only redeeming element was that the place served some beers from micro-breweries, and we drank a few good ones. After the short drive back to the motel, we each passed out with the TV set on. It had been a very long day.
I was barely awake when I heard someone at our door. It was after 8:00 A.M. and daylight. Then the door opened. Standing there was Deema. She mumbled a version of 'laundry service' and came in, pulling a work wagon of cleaning supplies. Louie was asleep, half way out of the covers, and I had just the sheet over me. My first reaction was to tell her to get out, then I decided to go along with it and see what I could do with her.
"Good morning, Deema. Are you here to help us today?"
"Yes."
"That's so kind of you." I rose from the bed, nude, tossed my hair and shook my boobs a little.
"Deema, before you can change the sheets, you must help my husband up from the bed. Lend him a hand. Be very gentle, he's just waking up."
Deema walked over to Louie's side of the bed. She put her arm behind Louie's shoulders and head and slowly moved him up into a sitting position. He probably thought he was dreaming as she swung his nude body around. Deema was staring at his half hard penis while Louie's eyes were still closed.
"I think you know how to wake him, Deema," I said as I stood behind her, "but let me show you." I went to my knees in front of Louie and took his long penis in my mouth, showing off to her, giving her a lesson in American cock sucking. Up and down I went. Deema watched me, and I could hear her breathing. She moved her face a little closer. Pulling away from Louie, I took Deema's hand and moved her to her knees next to me. She didn't say a thing, so I grabbed her head. "Suck my husband, Deema." And she did, going right at it, taking over for me. Now fully awake and hard, Louie had both hands on top of Deema's head as he gave her the mouth fucking that I wanted to see.
But I wasn't through with her yet. Turning, I took her shirt and lifted it over her breasts and I unhooked her bra. Deema's pants were more difficult, I pulled her pants and her panties down to her thighs. Then I sat back on the bed next to Louie and watched the now exposed Deema continue to give head to my husband. Her nipples were darker than her dark Pakistani skin. She had firm small boobs, a rounded ass, and her puss was hairy but trim. Getting on the bed, I leaned onto Louie and I kissed him.
"There you are, love. Being sucked by a cute nineteen year old, less than half my age. You've probably wanted this for a long time. Will you screw her for me? Think of the possibilities. I could tie her arms behind her back and you could fuck her doggie style. Or maybe use a wine bottle, or one of my high heeled shoes."
Louie gave me a hard eye stare. Then he arched his back and lifted Deema's mouth away from his penis. She looked back at him in disbelief.
"Sir, am I not good?" she said.
"Yes, good, very good. But I must use the toilet right away, I must shave and shower. Perhaps my wife wants you to stay." Saying that, he walked into the bath and shut the door.
I knew I had a few extra minutes to use this willing young gal. Patting the bed, I motioned for her to sit next to me. Then I embraced her and we started kissing. For a nineteen year old, she had an experienced tongue. I finished undressing Deema, I rolled her onto her back, and I opened her legs. Positioning my puss over her face, I lowered myself until she started licking me. Feeling her hard tongue deep inside of me, I sat up straight on her face. Then I dropped my head into her crotch. She had a soapy odor, which was pleasantly reassuring. As I danced my tongue around her and inside of her, she did the same to me. After a few minutes, she clenched into a strong orgasm, although I wasn't so lucky.
Ok, I thought. I've stripped her, I've sucked her, she sucked me, she sucked Louie, and he apparently doesn't want to screw her – no matter how creative my suggestions were - why keep at it with her?
"Deema," I said. "We must stop before my husband catches us. But before you dress, go in the bath and surprise my husband, show him how beautiful you are nude. I am sure he will enjoy that."
"Ok."
I had already heard the toilet flush so I knew that Louie had gotten off of it. And I didn't hear any water running. Deema stayed in the bath with Louie, with the door closed, for several minutes.
It's the way that I am. I imagined him examining her fine young body, making her pose for him. Then I imagined him fucking her from behind, him fucking her in the shower stall, him fucking her on the floor. It was the way he treated me at the beginning. I also thought that Deema might know all kinds of different ways to screw, Pakistani ways to please a man, things I don't know. Then she came out and, without saying a word, she put her clothes back on, and went on about her chores of cleaning the room.
Myself, I took my own shower once Louie had vacated it, and once I had seen that he was dressed. While showering, Louie packed everything, and when I came out the bed had been made and we were ready to go. Deema was gone.
As we were doing our last check of the motel room, I spoke. "Did you like that morning surprise, dear?" I was ribbing him a bit, he hates it when I call him dear, he says I use those non descript terms when I am confusing him with my other husbands and boyfriends. Not this time though, I was doing it intentionally.
"Did you do her in the bathroom?" I asked. "Did you fuck that sweet young pussy?"
"How do you know if she is sweet? Did you do her while I was in the bath?"
"I told Deema that I was tired of her barging into our room and looking at us naked, that it wasn't polite, and that she had to completely undress immediately or be disciplined. She obeyed me. I sat on the bed and watched her strip. Then I sent her in to you."
"Sheryl, I admit she was unusual eye candy, and I don't feel bad about taking pleasure in looking at her body. But no, I didn't screw her. I hardly even touched her. You know I don't screw young kids. I've said for years that I have no sexual interest in women under thirty five, no matter how attractive anyone of them might be. Deema was much like when you and I go together to strip clubs, nice body, pretty face and that's where it ends."
"I hope that you don't complain for too long," I responded. "She was fun to play with, and I enjoyed bossing her. Let's forget her, and drive back to Fredericksburg. We are up here to see wineries. Fredericksburg has a separate 'AVA' even though it's within the Hill Country AVA. It's the only Texas area that receives any praise from the Oxford Companion."
"I'm not complaining, though I wish your rag was over. Why would I complain?"
"It was only mid month spotting, and my boobs were sunburned. That's all. I'm ready whenever you are."