Author's note:


No part of this story is written so as to stand on its own. I strongly suggest that you start withthe beginning of Part 1and read sequentially—giving up at any point you choose, of course.
All sexual activity portrayed anywhere in this story involves only people at least eighteen years old.
This entire story is posted only on literotica.com. Any other public posting without my permission in writing is a violation of my copyright.

Thursday morning, my bladder did wake me up close to half an hour before Jenny's alarm. I didn't just poke my way in for the simple reason that bladder pressure was too great. I had been so deeply asleep that I didn't wake up before I was that desperate.
I got her awake by the simple expedient of picking her up and standing her on her feet. She panicked and clung, then came into focus. She grabbed her robe—I'd put on no more than my undershorts—and made sure she had her key, and we headed out to the lavatory.
When we got back, she kissed me and said, "Well, we have maybe an extra fifteen minutes. Shave first, or screw first?" I just pulled my shorts down and stepped out of them, backed her up to the door, pulled her robe open over her hips, bent my knees enough to get into position, and went straight in, again. She had to come slightly up on her toes, or rather the balls of her feet, as I thrust, but this apparently was no problem. She came within three or five minutes with a real, screaming orgasm—except that she wasn't loud enough to hurt my ears, so I knew she just didn't care if she woke up everybody in three or four rooms around. Oh, and I came when she did.
"Well, I guess I did wind up doing what Sam told me to. You gave me what I needed, all right, and then some. I hope you got what you wanted, including, well, not a whole hour more sleep, or maybe it was. We don't really have to wait for the signal to go run, do we?"
"Let's shave and get that over with, so it doesn't make us late getting me out and getting breakfast."
"That's right, that's why my alarm was set for when it was!"
So we shaved, wiped ourselves down, and went off to run. I thought we were the first ones out, but neither monitor made any objection. The one on duty in the girls' wing was Miss Milliken. I stopped and greeted her by name, and asked her, "You said you worked in the kitchens in another building. Last week, everyone was switched around, but isn't that over?" I knew that "in the kitchens" meant more than just the kitchens, of course.
"Yes, it is. But they switched me with another woman. They thought I might work out better over here, after last week." Something about this sounded a little fishy to me, but I didn't pursue it.
When we got outside, we stretched quickly and started running. Jenny said to me, "I don't think the pace we've been keeping does anything much for us any more. Let's see if we can't ratchet it up just a little." So we did. I had been thinking the same thing, but worrying a little about Jenny. My supposed insight and perception didn't seem to be working all that well.
And she was right, we could still talk well enough at that speed. It was a little harder, but quite possible. We should have picked up the pace over the weekend.
I told her, "Thank you for being perceptive. And, um, I'm still really glad you were my first, and that you were really my partner before last week, and then for most of that week. Even if it made me hurt you with anal sex and all that. We seem to be well matched running, but it goes a lot further than that." She took my arm for a moment, and gave it a little squeeze.
After a moment, she said, "I really think you need to be with Sam tonight. And I know she meant it, if you say just sleep, she'll do it that way. Probably a quickie at bedtime will help you both get to sleep better, though. But anyway, unless some instructor really loads us down today, if Claire studies with us I think you should go with her, first or second study period or both. She really is happy with Jeff, you know that as well as I do, but she meant what she said last night. Not a quickie, either, even though, well, I came twice from your quickies and probably will in the shower. You don't realize how wonderful you are."
We speculated about how Friday night would go, the rest of the run, except when we were in earshot of others.
We quit running maybe five or ten minutes early, and went on in. We made sure that Sam, and for that matter Ellen and Claire and Barbara, saw us, but we didn't wait.
We did have a nice shower together, soaping each other very pleasantly, but that part was quick. I did what I'd done before, entering her and picking her up and holding her against the wall. It was definitely a quickie, but she did come, and she made sure everyone knew about it.
We all sailed through all our classes. The instructors gave us some big assignments, but with enough time to do them justice, even with all the other classes' work. In gym we all walked about a mile to another building, where there was a large swimming pool, and swam timed laps and also some relay races. Then we walked back. Getting to see the girls in swimsuits had always been a big deal. It was still enjoyable, but having seen and touched so many of them in the nude and all states of undress made it a lot less exciting.
Since we'd showered at the pool building, before and after, we didn't need another shower after gym, and this had been taken into account. We arrived back just a few minutes before the signal for end of shower, beginning of study—'free'—period.
My usual girls were all in Jenny's room when I got there. Jenny said, "Our classes didn't add anything to worry about. How about yours?" Claire and Barbara thought things were fine for them. "OK, then, Claire, you get Phil now, assuming that's your choice."
Claire came over and sat in my lap. She kissed me gently, tenderly, but with the kind of determination that said I didn't get any say in the matter.
"Oh, Phil, just saying it all last night brought back how much I love you and why. Is this really OK with you, right now?" So maybe I did get some say.
"It sure is. I've told you, for at least two years you and Moira alternated as the, um, the centerfold pinup girls of my imagination. It wasn't just physical beauty, either. And Jenny would have been there, too, if she hadn't decided that making me notice her was likely to backfire one way or another. I love you. I'm really glad that you've got Jeff, he's a fine guy, but that doesn't mean I don't want you."
So we kissed for what seemed like a long time. She was already panting, and I hadn't even touched her yet. Arms around her, not hands moving. So she was the one who started unbuttoning her blouse. I moved under it to unclasp her bra, and then fondled her breasts without any fabric between us. She panted harder, and moaned. I still kept this up for a good while. She finally said, "Do I have to strip myself bare this time? Please, get going!"
So I slid her blouse and then her bra down her arms, putting them onto the desk. She unbuttoned my shirt and put it there too. When we kissed again, her breasts rubbed on my chest, which apparently we both found arousing.
I said, "I'm not taking you out to the cafeteria, but we could lay you down on the desk here in lieu of a table."
"If that's really what you want, if you find it sexier, then let's do it. Or you could take me out to the study table in the hallway. I actually hope you'll manage to do something like that to me, one of these days, if not now."
"Really? If you're sure, I will."
She stood up fast. I said, "Wait just a moment. Barbara, would you just go out and make sure a table is available, please?"
She ducked out, and obviously hurried, coming back very soon to say, "It is. I can't guarantee how long, obviously."
Claire said, "Do you want the rest of my clothes off before we go?"
"No." I bent over and picked her up, just as she was. "Jenny, make sure you have your key, OK, hon? Someone please open the door." I carried her out and down the hall. At the other table, there were five girls and two boys, and when they saw us their eyes got wide.
I sat Claire on the edge of the table, checking its balance as I did so. I pulled off her shoes and socks, putting them under the table. I put my arms around her and kissed her for all I was worth. She soon was moaning and panting again, and then I cupped and rubbed her breasts, then kissed and licked them. Her moans were now starting to draw people from some of the rooms near the head of the hallway. The monitor was watching with great interest, as were those supposedly studying at the other table.
I unfastened her shorts and pulled them down, underpants inside. She pushed her ass up off the table to allow this. I said quietly, "Shall I do my own shorts, or do you want to?"
"You go ahead." So I did, shorts and briefs and shoes and socks for good measure.
I took a finger and ran it into her pussy. She gasped and moaned even more loudly. I asked her, again as quietly as I could, "In a few minutes, when I come in, do you want to be on your back on the table, or on top of me, or bent over the table for me to come in from behind, or prone for me to come in from behind? I really don't recommend the last one without something like a couple of pillows to raise your ass up, though."
"Whatever you prefer, Phil. Really."
I knelt on the floor, using my clothes to pad my knees a little, and ate her pussy. She came within a minute or so, and then again a minute or two later. I decided not to go for three. Claire had drawn us a crowd, though she had been reasonably quiet when she came. I thought a lot of them ran to get others to come see. Sometime fairly early in the process she lay back on the table.
I pulled her back up to a sitting position, got my arms around her and picked her up again. I laid her back on the table, far enough on that our legs would be well enough supported even though they would stick out some. This table was smaller than those I'd used in the cafeteria. I hopped up onto the table, between her legs, and got into position. She guided me in with her hands.
Within a couple of minutes she was giving lots of signs of starting to be close. Another minute or two and she came, and I emptied myself into her. Knowing how hard the table was, I tried to keep holding up some of my weight as she finished and then as her breathing gradually became normal. She moved her arms up around my neck, and pulled my head down and kissed me. "If only you'd been able to hold on longer!" she said. "I'd have loved to come again with you in there."
"Some other time. Probably not out here, though. But if I use my mouth to clean out your pussy, I probably can get you to come again that way." I heard some shocked-sounding gasps from the girls at the other study table, who were close enough to hear.
"No, please don't, what you did was so wonderful that would spoil it. Just let me get dressed. I've been dripping worse than this, a few times."
So I got off her, and what do you know, we both had all our clothes in neat piles. Some kind person had even brought my shirt and her blouse and bra. There were even a couple of damp washcloths.
When we were dressed, I sat her up on the table again, and spent some time kissing her.
"Thank you, Phil," she told me. "I wanted to do something like this ever since I saw you and Sam, but Jeff's a little timid. And I'm really happy to show all these people how much I love you too." She raised her voice a little. "In case anyone is wondering and wasn't listening just now, I didn't do this to please Phil, he did it because I asked him to, to please me."
All this had taken longer than anyone had expected. It was only about ten minutes before the signal for serving. So we kind of scattered. Jenny and Sam and I headed straight into the cafeteria. As soon as the signal came, we got our food and came to the table we usually sat at. Soon the whole group was there.
Claire was there with Jeff, and Barbara with Jon, and Ellen with Brian. Jim was there, I thought to check with Jenny whether they were on for the night. I was sure they were, and happy for both of them, though I have to admit that I was really glad not to have to watch them. Jenny and Sam clung to me. Who was it who had called these girls my valkyries? Oh, Wilma. I really needed to make that list!
I finished eating and took a napkin and started. At the top, in a category all their own, Jenny and Sam. The rest of my "harem", Barbara D., Claire, and Ellen C.. Add Moira and Rosa to that. The next group, it got a lot harder. Ellen, Deedee, Barbara W., Nancy, and Wilma really belonged there too—or Barbara maybe lower down, not in terms of my feelings, but in terms of how much she wanted from me. Oh, yes, and Maggie. I was sure there were more, maybe in a still lower group. I was brooding. Jenny saw what I was doing, and suggested Molly. Then she suggested a few I had screwed in gym and whom I had particularly enjoyed, but I turned all those down. I wasn't after anyone unless there was some kind of emotional bond. Ruth Marx was the closest of those she suggested, I guess, but though I had wound up really liking her I left her off. The same for Deborah Bee. If the list had been shorter, both of those would have made the cut easily.
I stuck the napkin in my pocket, and I actually did remember to get it out when we got back to Jenny's room. I got the list entered into my computer. I wasn't sure how I was going to use it, but at least I had it.
We got back to studying, again working on assignments we already had, most due the next week, a few bigger ones for the next two weeks after that. Again, we had lots still to do, all of us, when the end of the time came, but we all felt we were on track, in fact maybe a little ahead, even after Claire and I had completely filled the time before supper.
I went off to the monitor's station, and checked out from Jenny's room and in for Sam's. Sam and I went to the lavatory, and then to her room. Of course, once in, we kissed pretty intensely.
"You know, I meant what I said. If you need for us to just get in bed now and go to sleep, Or the quickest sex ever, if that's what you need. Jenny and I at least have had the opportunity to sleep more, and I've used it, and I'm still kind of tired. You haven't been getting enough sleep, and it's our fault, not just mine and hers, but Maggie's and Nancy's. And there will be others. But you have to tell me what you need, and what you want me to do."
"For now, let's get ready for bed. Kind of quickly."
We washed up a little, and brushed our teeth, and got undressed. I kissed her again, wanting, but carefully keeping my hands to myself. That wasn't easy, since it was Sam.
We got in bed. "I really wish these beds were a little wider. I don't sleep as soundly, and that doesn't help," I told her. "Now, I don't really know what I need, but I'm afraid I really do want sex. But since I also really want sleep, it's going to be a quickie indeed. In fact, if you'd, um, turn your back on me right now, I'm going to come in from behind. I won't be able to see what I'm doing, so if I start to go in the wrong place, you tell me right off. And I hope you'll enjoy it, but I won't wait for you."
I snuggled in behind her. My cock was pressed against her ass, and I had her breasts in my hands. I kissed the back of her neck, and said, "Sam, I love you. Not just sex with you. You know I've taken time with you, lots of times, and if we have a lot of quickies for a long time now, please really understand that I still want more."
I tried to move around her body in a way that would give me access. It was kind of awkward, but I did manage to get in. She asked me, "You feel nice, but I want more. Is it OK if I add something for myself up front?"
"Of course. Any time!" I got my hands back to her breasts, and focused on thrusting. This was taking longer than I had hoped, but I could also feel her building. And when her orgasm came, it let me come too. She was quiet enough, for Sam. When we were both through, I pulled out, and moved more back behind her whole body, hands on her breasts again. I kissed the back of her neck and said, "I love you, Sam. Thank you."
She said, "I love you, Phil. That was nice, and you did wait for me too."
I thought she was asleep even before I was.


Friday morning found me a little stiff, but still spooned with Sam, snuggled up against her. As I stirred, she rolled over and took me in her arms and kissed me sleepily. "I bet you're awake because you want to go down the hall, aren't you?" She yawned, and kissed me again, not much more than a peck.
"You're right. Are you coming along, or are you somehow going to stay awake here?"
"I'm going with you. Give me a minute or so. I probably don't need to pee as much as you do, but I'll be a lot more comfortable."
I got out of bed and pulled on my briefs. As she got up and pulled out her robe, she said, "You always used to put on your outer shorts, too."
"All the girls have seen guys in their briefs a lot by now. And enough guys just go down there completely nude that I decided I'm modest enough in my underwear. Kind of a lot of girls go down there bare, too, after all. And in robes that aren't really closed."
"You don't really have to look at them, you know. But I'd start worrying if you didn't. You know, will he stop liking to look at me next? Or maybe, 'Who are you, and what have you done with my partner?'"
We went off, with me hurrying her along just a little. I wasn't bursting, but I was pretty uncomfortable. And I was erect, too. Bladder pressure on the prostate does this, if I'd got it right. Well, any girls we met had seen that before with no briefs, so I refused to feel bashful about it. In fact, most of them had seen me like that with no briefs, albeit not off to the lavatory. Sam was fetching in just a robe, and that helped me stand up, too.
With that little chore taken care of, we went back to her room and shaved. We also trimmed ourselves. There was a little gadget for doing this. I haven't mentioned it before, and I doubt I will again, but I'd been using this for going on four years now, and seeing girls use theirs a few times now. It generally wasn't quite as essential that they shave every day, but most of them did.
Sam told me, "We have about time for a quickie before you need to meet Jenny. Are you up for that?" She made it plain that the "up" was a deliberate pun. I took her in my arms and kissed her for a few moments, then picked her up and laid her out on the bed and climbed in on top of her. She was ready enough for me to go straight in, so I didn't waste time. I did hold back enough for her to come too. After we got dressed, she told me, "Even your quickies are heavenly. Better than most of the guys I've tried when they're trying to be good." She considered for a moment, and then added, "Admittedly, there haven't been that many of them, yet anyway. You're right that I need to look for a couple. Brian would be really nice, if Ellen is busy—with you, say." She kissed me quickly, and we went out.
My run with Jenny went well. We kept up the brisker pace. I wondered whether we should be trying to ratchet it up even a little more, but it felt just right. We could talk OK, but not so easily that I knew we were too slow. At the end, I had a couple of minutes with her while Sam finished her last lap, and sweaty and hot as we were we stood each with an arm around the other's waist. They were both so good to me! I couldn't think which loved me more. From the beginning, Jenny had wanted something more like an exclusive relationship. She knew I was right that this wasn't really a possibility, but we could have been a lot closer to it. She had spent one night with Jim, no, two, the night before was included. But I had pretty much screwed every girl I could, starting with as many forfeits in gym as I could manage, then her friends and some new ones I personally had added. And she was generous about pairing me up with them all. Sam felt she had no right to ask anything of me, that she had thrown anything like that away. She was completely grateful for anything I would give her, and willing to do anything at all I would ever ask of her. I worried about abusing that love. But I loved them both, and wanted to give them all I could.
Having remembered it, I asked Jenny, "How was the night with Jim?"
"In a way I miss you more being with him than being by myself, but that's not fair to him. I can't imagine why his partner didn't hold on to him, as tight as she could. He wants to make everything good for me, and tries so hard, and mostly he succeeds. If I try to alternate strictly nights with you and nights with him, I'll be with you in walking around every day in a fog. No, he was great, and I mean it. I think if I weren't being constantly reminded of how wonderful you are, I really think after a little while I could come to be completely satisfied with him. But don't you dare try to take that as an excuse to get rid of me!"
I squeezed her. "I wouldn't, and I won't. If you can find even one or two more that you can feel that way about, I'll stop feeling that I'm cheating you out of something big. If you want to sleep alone for the sake of sleep, well, I can fully understand. You and Sam both are helping me get more sleep without resorting to that, you understand. I hope we can keep it up, and that it will help you get more sleep too."
About this time Sam came up, and we started in for showers. Jenny knew I would insist on paying attention to Sam, even if she showered with us too. I was glad to see her look around and head over to meet Jim. Sam and I cleaned each other quickly and did have a quickie. At her request, she bent over with her hands against the wall, and I entered from the rear. After a few moments, she had one hand down at her pussy, and she came pretty loudly. Right about the same time, Jenny announced that Jim was satisfying her, too, and I was really happy to know that. I thought maybe it was a good thing I wasn't having to watch, though.
At breakfast, Jim sat on the other side of Jenny from me, and she interacted with him about as much as with me, maybe a little more. I thought Sam didn't get more of my attention than Jenny did, but it's possible.
Classes went as classes had all week. More work was added, but none of us came in for caustic remarks from the instructors. A few others did. One instructor reminded a student about the withdrawal of visitation privileges if those seemed to be interfering with classwork. Of course, she was reminding all of us, but this student appeared to have forgotten everything from just two weeks earlier and probably needed the warning. Our classes moved fast enough that falling even a little behind interfered with understanding new material. In cases of illness, some allowance was made and extra help was often proffered, but I thought the policy as stated made sense.
As we were collecting food at lunch, Miss Macgregor spoke quietly to me. "Can you and your young ladies be in here half an hour after the signal for the end of supper?" I told her that we would, failing something totally unforeseen.
I mentioned this to the girls when I had a chance, and told Jenny that I really thought I had better not expect to study biology with anyone at all before supper. She teased me a little—both of them did—but she fully understood why. In fact, I planned to limit myself pretty strictly in gym class.
In gym, I found myself again with two partners, and again one of them was Ms. Miller. I was initially assigned another girl I really didn't know, but who was pretty and, from what I had seen, nice enough for anyone. Marie Trescontraire. Her voice kind of irritated me, unpleasant to my ear, but I knew that had nothing at all to do with how nice she might be. Then, Ms. Miller was an extra, and she drew my name.
So the two of them lined up next to each other, with me at the second starting line behind them. At the whistle they took off, and ten seconds later I was after them. In this case, they seemed to be about equally fast, though one of them might well be holding back more for a final burst if needed. But I had caught Ms. Miller the last time, and expected no problems this time. And I was right. In fact, they were running next to each other, and I came up from behind and took each of them by an arm. We all slowed down and moved to the outside of the marked course, ducked under a rope, and found another grassy spot.
"Trescontraire, I don't really know you, so I'll ask before acting. I'm to remove your clothes, but you're permitted to struggle. If you want to make me work for it, I won't complain, but if you wanted to warn me ahead of time it might avoid problems for both of us. And assuming I do succeed, I normally, well, try to make it lovemaking instead of a quick screw, so I spend some time kissing the girl and eating her pussy if she's willing. If you're not willing, please say so, now or after your clothes are off."
She laughed. "I promise not to struggle, and I'm not just willing to have foreplay, I'd appreciate that. Does this mean I go first?"
"Well, I think of you as partner number one, and so yes. As far as those questions, Ms. Miller was in your place recently, and I doubt she's changed her mind in the meantime. But it's certainly your right to do so," I finished up by saying to Ms. Miller.
Neither of them said another word. I moved up to Trescontraire and took her in my arms and kissed her. Then I pulled her shirt over her head and off, followed with a bit more care by her sports bra. I removed her shorts and panties, then picked her up and laid her on the ground, where I took off her shoes and socks. I started to get undressed myself, when she said, "May I? Please?" So she undressed me, as we sat on the ground.
I put my arms around her and kissed her, a bit cautiously at first, but her response made it clear that caution wasn't needed. So we kissed for perhaps two or three minutes, my hands straying across her breasts and down to her pussy. She seemed to be very wet, and she gasped when I touched sensitive places high or low. I laid her back on the grass, and got my head between her thighs and started in.
She was certainly ready. I don't understand it, to this day. I know women don't get ready and come that fast. But that year, an awful lot of them did. Maybe some of it was the excitement of the game, and certainly from the moment I caught them they could anticipate what was ahead. Anyway, I thought it couldn't have been a minute before she came. I just kept on, backing away from the most sensitive parts briefly, and she came again. She was pretty quiet, for which I was thankful.
I positioned myself on top of her, and then said, "If you'd rather to be on top, we can switch around first."
"I don't care, don't take the time, I want you right now!" So I got my cock into position, and she opened herself and guided me in. I slid in without a hitch, and she moaned loudly. From the first, she was moaning and moving with me, and she came almost immediately. I kept thrusting, and a very few minutes she came again, I with her.
"That was really amazing. How do you come so quickly?"
"I don't, usually. But I've heard a lot about you, and I guess I was looking forward to it from the moment you picked my name. I think that must be it."
I turned to Ms. Miller. She said, "Morris, if I were minded to be a pedantic stickler for the rules, I could insist that you are forfeit. The boy is supposed to remove his own clothes. I'm not going to be so foolish, if for no other reason than that you personally are generally meticulous about obeying rules, so I know you simply forgot. But please remember that in the future. Both of you.
"Now, you've seen me resist becoming unclothed, once, when I was not supposed to, in fact. It was far less pleasant than the prospect of having you strip me and make love to me, as you both saw at the time. So please proceed." I moved over to her, sat down by her, and kissed her soundly. She also responded with enthusiasm. I removed all her clothes. Obviously I didn't need to remove my own, though a thoroughly pedantic reading of the original rules might have required me to get at least partially dressed and do so. That rule predated the present surplus of girls, of course.
I lay down with Ms. Miller, with my arms around her, and we kissed at some length. I ate her pussy, long enough for her to come, and this time it wasn't invisible or inaudible. She thrust her hips away from my mouth, her thighs pulling my head—and thus my mouth—along, and continued thrusting. She vocalized in a very normal way, albeit very quietly, from start to finish. I really was not ready, so I continued, and a few minutes later she came again.
As I still wasn't ready, I came up and stretched out beside her again, and kissed her once again. She told me, "I've said before to you that I love finding that perfume on you, and as it's mine this time, all the more so." Trescontraire looked puzzled, but a few moments later suddenly greatly enlightened.
"As you can see, I'm not at all ready yet. This is a disadvantage of doubling us up this way, although if we had walked up to the penalty area first I'd be more nearly recovered. Do you want to do something to shorten the wait?"
Without warning, Trescontraire stretched out beside me on the other side, head level with my hips. She propped herself up. "You were so good to me, I'd like to return the favor, if that's OK with both of you." We both nodded, and she began. With that stimulation, I was ready within a few minutes. She desisted, and I swung on top of Ms. Miller and went in.
She didn't come anywhere near as quickly as Trescontraire had, but it really wasn't long. Time had been called—by whistle—earlier for those with only one partner, but I was pretty sure we were fine, and I still wasn't ready to come yet. Admittedly, I hadn't tried too hard. As I continued, I could feel another orgasm building, but she also seemed to be tightening on me voluntarily. I came fairly suddenly, before I expected it, and she again came too. Again, for both of these, she produced a very reasonable amount of rather quiet vocalization.
We lay there panting for a bit, and then I came out and off of her. She said, "Should I feel jealous because you didn't offer me the chance to be on top?" but she asked with a smile that made it very plain that she was teasing. I kissed each of them, and we got dressed. We stood up and began walking on toward the finish line. Ms. Miller told Trescontraire, "You escort him back, please. I need to see to something. I will tell the gatekeeper that he caught both of us at once, which I believe is a first." She began walking more briskly, rapidly getting ahead of us. We didn't hurry at all.
I took Trescontraire's hand, but after a moment she detached it from mine and slid it up to grasp my upper arm. She said, "Morris, that was wonderful, obviously for her as well as for me. Thank you! I've never come more than once on any one occasion before, and it's usually a lot of work. I do think the anticipation had a lot to do with it, but you obviously thought I would, or at least might, come a second time at the beginning, since you kept on.
"At any rate, I'll never forget this. And the way you've made me feel, I feel really stupid calling you Morris, when you've been so personally wonderful to me. It's a lot to ask, but may I call you Phil? Please?"
I put my arm around her waist and gave her a squeeze, leaving my upper arm where she was holding it. "I'm honored. I feel much the same. Honesty does compel me to say, you're far from the first with whom I've had this conversation or something like it. But I'd love to call you Marie."
We stopped where we were for a long, long kiss.
When we reached the finish line, she said, "I know you have your own escort, and that they would let me stay with you all. I've seen it happen with other girls. Is that really all right, or are they just being courteous when they let someone join you all?"
Jenny said, from behind us, "It's not just being courteous. Anyone can see you've been very good to him, and that makes us glad as well. You're welcome to stay right where you are, for the time being. At some point, he's likely to detach himself from you long enough to take a turn with someone else, though. From us, I mean."
"Not today, I think. I have a big evening planned, as you know. Let's just walk around and see the sights."
The gatekeepers just kind of ignored us. There were a good number of sights to see, though not as many as Wednesday, when it had been wet. Sam took my right arm as we walked, leaving Marie on my left. Ever so often Sam or Jenny would stop, or go off, to talk to someone. Always whichever was on my right arm, leaving it free for the other. I was pretty sure they did this to give each other chances at me.
At one point, in response to something I said, Jenny kissed me on the cheek. She said across me to Marie, "Kiss him just like I just did." Marie looked mystified, but did so, and then looked back at Jenny. "Notice his perfume?" Marie kissed my cheek again, and realization obviously struck. She let go of my arm long enough to put her arm around me and hug me. "That's me," she told Jenny. I said, "Well, not only you, I think, but it sure is you too." She took my arm again, and we resumed walking. I gave her a squeeze as well.
Mostly we talked about what we were seeing, whether boy or girl forfeits, or forfeits with whom someone was taking a turn, usually a girl forfeit with a boy. Or about classes. All this left Marie free to join in. She had never been in one of my classes, but she had been with the others occasionally, and she was mostly in classes at the same levels.
There was one point at which my resolve to save myself for later was severely tested. We passed one of the cute redheads who had tempted me that rainy Monday where everything had happened. Jenny had dragged me past them both then, wanting me to give Ellen Manning a turn, something I was very glad of in the end. Ellen had been a friend, and had been very worried about what she expected in the shower that afternoon. And the occasion had caused our friendship to really blossom in a way that still brought joy to me.
But now Jenny wanted to drag me on past this one again, and I was really tempted. She finally told me, "Do you want me to try to make a date for you with her? I know her well enough for that."
I thought, and reluctantly said, "I don't think so. You're right, again it's not good timing today, and I'll let it pass. But the temptation is all based on physical attraction, nothing more or less. Red hair like that. If she's forfeit and I screw her, well, I was just checking her out. But if you set something up, it may lead to more, or she may think it will, and I really want that to be based on more than a cute face and a nice-looking body and wonderful hair color."
Jenny said, "I'll talk to her anyway. If I set something up, it will be because she's interested too, but I'll make sure she understands where it's coming from. OK? And I wouldn't do it if I didn't know she's pretty nice. Really."
Marie was looking from one to the other of us in bewilderment. Finally she said, "Do you really mean that you would set up a, a—a tryst for Phil with some other girl, just so—just because he has some interest in her?"
Jenny laughed. "I'm sorry, it's only that word. We've never called them trysts or assignations or anything like that, and that suggests something different. Something secret, for one thing, and this sure isn't.
"I'll try to say what happens. Phil forms some kind of relationship with someone. Most often, it's someone he tried out, as he just put it. Someone like you, whom he screwed when he caught her in gym, or someone he screwed when she was forfeit. But there are a bunch of others. When our only real sex was in gym, well, there were some of us who studied together daily. And still are. But after the game started, well, I was his first time and he was mine, and we agreed to study together, and we agreed that sex would be part of it, when we really were caught up enough to spare the time. And, I just realized, all the others studying with us actually were ones he had screwed in the course of this game. But a couple were friends beforehand, of both of us, and they all became really close, dear friends. A few others who aren't part of the study group got picked up as friends of friends, or through activities last week, too.
"Sam has replaced one of the study group, now, who really likes her partner from last week, though she may get together with Phil once in a while. But her partner is a lot better match for studying, and she'd rather have most of him than a small share of Phil. And we're all happy for her, you understand. And Sam is really wonderful, and great as part of studying.
"There are some others, too. And he seems to always wind up with really nice girls, whom we're all glad to have as friends. Yes, even if he takes a turn with them once in a while, and even though a lot of once in a whiles add up in the end."
Marie seemed to think about this for a while. Then she grasped my arm more firmly, and said across me, "Is there any chance I can get in on this? As one of the once in a whiles? Maybe an hour every few weeks or something? You don't know how kind he was to me, a few minutes ago."
Jenny laughed again. "Well, maybe I don't, but I think I probably do know. We've seen him with a lot of girls, by now, remember. Phil, I'm putting you on the spot. Does she go on your list, or not?"
"Help me remember later, and I'll do it. And Marie, if you feel forgotten, remind me. I hope I'm not going to be your only, or even main, um, sex partner, but I'd love to get to know you better, even if it starts as just sex. And I've been making a list because there really are so many I forget some. Jenny was setting these up, but I'm trying to take over from her, managing my own life for a change. And I have a tentative list, but I don't know how to use it yet."
By this time we'd seen everyone there was to see at least a couple of times. Fortunately, no one I actually felt I owed a turn to was forfeit, this time around. Whether they'd gotten caught or escaped, they were all off limits for the moment.
The signal whistle sounded, and we all walked back together. I hugged and kissed all three of them, a little longer for Jenny and Sam. But I told Marie, "I really do mean it was special and wonderful for me, too. And I'm glad it happened, even if it is one more complication for my life right now."
We went off to our separate showers. When the signal sounded, I gathered stuff and went to Jenny's room. To my surprise, Marie was there. She said, "I see what you mean, there's no more room to spread out stuff, one more person can't fit. I'm not asking to study with you, I just wanted to ask Jenny something. And Sam and Claire and Barbara all helped too." I noticed that they were all on first-name terms now, which meant things were good.
Marie left, and when the door was closed, Jenny said, "Another one! I just don't understand how every girl you screw, anywhere, turns out to be so nice."
I told her, "That's actually not true. I admit that the proportion is improbably high. But over the weeks, there have been some that I've screwed in gym and that was the end of it. And I never thought about it that way, but niceness may be part of what they were missing. A couple were great, sexually, but honestly not attractive to me at all. I guess, though, that I don't get to pick whom I'm chasing, but I do get to pick among the forfeits, and if there are more than three or four, I have to choose. So that probably explains some of it, too."
We turned to studying. Again, we had new projects to start on, often different for each of us. Jenny and Sam and I were very much aware that we weren't going to get the later study period for studying, and of course we had clued the others in on this. We had decided to rely on what had been said to me by several instructors—in particular by Mr. Miles, whose judgment I trusted in this—that my "harem" at least could be trusted to be discreet if asked to be. So we had told them about as much as we knew of what was to happen, and promised them at least a summary after the next night.
We all went out to supper together, a few minutes before the ten-minute signal, because I wanted to return my study materials to my room, where I could get at them. We—Jenny and Sam and I—didn't take too much part in the general conversation. We were keyed up and wondering just how this would work—at least, that was my reason.
After supper, we went to Sam's room for a few minutes. Honestly, what we really did was that the girls tried to calm my jitters. We left soon, budgeting a few minutes to visit the lavatory. And yes, there were some sights to see there, too. But half an hour after the signal, we were going from the almost-empty cafeteria into the serving area. On a normal night, there would have been more people studying in the cafeteria, but with no impending classes or deadlines, for almost everyone, the few people who were there just seemed to have stayed there after supper to chat. We tried to be unobtrusive without looking secretive. After all, there were always things left out for snackers, mostly breadstuffs and fruit.


Miss Macgregor came out of a doorway and beckoned us to follow her through it. It led to various kitchen rooms, but also to a door with as staircase going down behind it. She led us down.
"There's been one small change of plan, as you'll see," she told us. We soon came to her room, and she unlocked and opened the door. The change of plan was that there were not two young women in the room, but three. The third was Miss Milliken.
We looked at her, and at Miss Macgregor, who just gestured to Miss Milliken.
She looked unsure of herself, but after she had licked her lips a couple of times, she said, "I know you were only expecting Mary and Janet, but—"
I interrupted her. "Excuse me, but I think we need to go back and start over, and approach this in a more orderly way. Miss Macgregor has just led us in. For the moment, we are Morris, O'Malley, Bruja, Miss Macgregor, Miss Grimes, Miss Grimes, and Miss Milliken. Good evening, ladies."
I waited long enough that finally Miss Macgregor said, "Good evening, Morris," and was echoed by the other three.
"Miss Macgregor, from your manner, it appears that you are unhappy. If you will allow me, I am going to speculate on some points. I will ask you each time to confirm my speculation, or to say that I am wrong and correct me. The first speculation I have already stated, that you are unhappy about the present situation. Is that correct?"
"Yes, sir, it is."
"And it seems likely that Miss Milliken's presence is the source of your unhappiness. Is that correct?"
"Yes, sir."
"From here on, things seem less certain. You aren't displeased because of some personal dislike of Miss Milliken, are you?"
"No, sir."
"Then, is it because she has been imposed on you in this situation without your having been consulted? Or something like that?"
"Yes, sir, that is it exactly."
"Did the Misses Grimes, or one of them, bring her along, without consulting you?"
"Yes, sir."
"Thank you." I turned to the other three. "Miss Grimes and Miss Grimes, Miss Macgregor asked me for a favor on your behalf. And this favor is to be provided in this, her room. Isn't that correct?"
They looked at each other, and hesitated. Mary Grimes finally answered. "Yes, sir, that's right."
"Since it is her room, that was most inappropriate of you. But I would like to know why this act of discourtesy seems to have displeased her so much, and yet she apparently did not simply order Miss Milliken from her room. Miss Macgregor, will you please explain that? I have speculations, but I feel it would be improper to put them forward if I'm wrong, in this case."
"Sir, it's like this. You offered me that you would let me in on this, that you would make love to me. And I'm afraid that with three of them here you may decide you can't manage four of us, and you'll change your mind."
"All right, then. All four of you, it was a condition of my agreeing to do this that Miss Macgregor takes the first turn with me. And that hasn't changed. If anyone gets left out, it's one of you three, and it seems fair that it would be Miss Milliken, unless one of you two decides to give up your turn for her. Is that understood?"
All four of them said, "Yes sir." From Miss Macgregor, it sounded half unbelieving and anxious, but they had all said yes.
"And this is Miss Macgregor's room, and she made the original request. The rest of you, Miss Milliken in particular, you are here by her permission. And mine, but hers first. Is that clear?"
The three of them looked somewhat uncomfortable, but they all said, "Yes, sir."
"All right. Then for the present we're Phil and Jenny and Sam and Molly and Mary and Janet, and—?"
"I'm Ginny, sir. That's for Virginia."
"For now I'm Phil, not 'sir.' Now, I interrupted you earlier. You were about to tell me how you came to be here tonight, I think."
"Yes, sir. I mean, yes, Phil. Mary and Janet are my cousins, their fathers are my mother's brothers, and they told me about having this set up. And I want in on it, I guess that's if you can manage it and you're willing. And they told me what all you asked them. And yes, I really want it, I want to find out what it feels like, but I'm kind of scared too. I haven't done this before, with anyone, and I hope you will be gentle. I overheard a lot of girls last week saying you were, with them."
"All right, then. You understand that you're, well, last in line, and you may wind up watching and then not get anything if I can't manage four times tonight? And you take what I give you, with the others all watching? Then Molly, you're up."
I went over to her, and took her in my arms, and I kissed her. I thought she still didn't really believe that I meant what I had said, and she kind of stood and let me kiss her. But then suddenly she made a whimpering kind of "oh" noise back in her throat, and her arms went around me, and she kissed back for all she was worth. At the end of that kiss, she was panting hard. "You really mean it? You're going to let me have you tonight, too?" And she kissed me again, even longer and deeper. "Oh, you don't have to wait, I'm ready right now, but thank you so much, it's been almost twenty years, and I miss it so much!"
I shut her up by kissing her again. I unbuttoned her blouse as I did, and she let go of me long enough to slide it down her arms behind her. Sam stepped forward and took it from her. She started to reach behind to unclasp her bra, but I beat her to it. We stepped apart enough for her to slide that off, too, and Sam took it as well.
She was fat enough to be rather unattractive to me, but I had screwed girls about as fat, and some had been wonderful. I kissed her again, cupping and rubbing her breasts, and she moaned and whimpered. Her nipples were very hard under my palms, and I caressed them with my fingers. I knelt down and unfastened her shorts, and pulled them down, then pulled down her underpants. She stepped out of them, and I handed them to Sam as well.
I kissed her again, and backed her up to the bed, and got her sitting down. Jenny had turned the covers back. I knelt again, and untied Molly's shoes and removed them and her socks, putting them aside. I sat down next to her, and kissed her, fondling her breasts some more, and then knelt once more and began with my mouth and a finger between her legs. She gasped and began to come, just like that, before I had really gotten started. She controlled her cries, but as I slid my finger into her, her orgasm seemed to redouble. Finally it was over. I kissed her again, and then said, "Please lie down."
She lay down. I quickly removed my own clothes. Sam had put Molly's down somewhere, and she collected mine from me and put them down too. I lay down beside Molly and put my arms around her and kissed her again. My hand wandered across her breasts, and she kissed me harder. I went down to her pussy and fingered there, carefully, and she moaned again. "Oh, please, come in now, I want you now!" she told me.
I continued just a little longer, but reflected that there were three others waiting for me. I moved on top of her and went in. She was fat enough for it to be just a bit awkward, and try as I might I knew I was compressing her diaphragm and making it hard for her to breathe.
I kissed her again, hard, but then told her, "I think you won't be able to breathe once I get going. Is it OK if we switch so I can come in from behind?" She looked at me, startled, and then said, "Oh, yes!" I came out and off her, and she rolled over and got onto all fours, thighs somewhat apart. I knelt behind her and went back in. As I thrust, I cupped her breasts, nipples between my fingers, and she moaned. She was moaning with each thrust. She was moving back and forward, tightening up, moaning with each thrust. She came with rather louder cries, still pretty quiet, and it went on for quite a while. Somewhere early on I came too.
I finally pulled out, and she turned to sit on the bed. I sat next to her and we kissed again. "Oh, Morris, Phil, thank you. I really thought I would never get another chance, ever. That may have to last me the rest of my life, and I'll remember it that long. Thank you!" We kissed again, not too briefly, but gently, without any urgency on either side.
I looked at the three girls, young women, and they were all kind of wide-eyed. I told them, "You three, please take your clothes off now." They moved to do so, Ginny seeming surprised. I was very aware of my cock, going very limp and dripping some onto the bed. Molly's room didn't have a washstand, but apparently she rated an attached lavatory of her own. She went through the door and emerged with a wet washcloth, wiping herself off.
I got up and went into the lavatory, shutting the door. I wiped myself off somewhat with some toilet paper, and urinated. I washed my hands and went back out.
Molly came and gave me one more brief kiss. She said to the three girls, "You two probably know this, but Ginny may not. You see that he's not ready to go again right away, far from it. Well, you don't have to wait as long as it would take by itself, and I'll show you what to do." I went over to the bed and sat on the edge, and she knelt on the floor and took my cock in her mouth and began sucking on it. She stopped after a minute or so. I was visibly less limp, and she pointed this out. She told them briefly what she was doing, warning them about keeping their teeth away, telling them what was most sensitive, a quick but thorough introduction.
She ended by saying, "If you keep at it, eventually he'll come in your mouth. Boys generally like that a lot. You'll need to swallow what he's spurting out."
I put in, "In terms of purely physical pleasure, it's better than the average intercourse. But it lacks something, um, something relational. You're doing it to him for his pleasure, and that's OK sometimes—in fact it's wonderful sometimes. But you miss doing something together for both of you, and you miss being body to body and face to face with your partner. In any case, we aren't doing that tonight. Period.
"Now, you can see I'm on my way back to being ready, but I'm nowhere near there yet. Have you two decided who goes first, between you?"
Mary and Janet looked at each other. Obviously they hadn't even considered this. Possibly they had expected me to just tell them what to do. I decided to go with that.
"Then, unless you come to a consensus right away, I'll choose for you." And actually both of them looked somewhat relieved. I hesitated only a moment. "OK. Janet, you please come over here and continue what Molly was doing."
She came over and knelt down, taking my cock in her hand and looking at it. She said, "I'm sorry, I haven't actually touched one or seen one close up before. Bill's was already hard, and he stuck it in me himself. And I told you, I was kind of drunk anyway." She began to follow Molly's instructions pretty well, licking to make sure I was well lubricated, and stroking with her hand as she took the end in her mouth and sucked.
It wasn't too long before I was starting to get hard. "Please stop that now, and come kiss me," I said. I stood up and gave her a hand to get up. We kissed, and she said, "Just watching you and then touching you down there got me even hotter than I already was. You're in charge, but I don't think you have to wait for me to be ready."
"Did you hear what I said a minute ago about wanting something relational? Ready or not, kiss me some more." I put my all into kissing her a few more times. Then I moved back just enough to run my hands between us onto her breasts. She gasped and then kissed me even harder, whimpering and whimpering. It felt like I was having to hold her up to keep her from just collapsing.
I dropped my hand to her pussy, gently stroking, and she moaned loudly. Her gasps were faster now, and faster. I kissed her for a moment, but she was distracted. And as she had on Monday, she came just from my fingers, and I definitely had to hold on to her or she would have fallen. When it was over, before she had fully caught her breath, she said, "Oh, that was so good! If only it's that good when you come in. You are, aren't you? That's not the end?"
I sat her down on the bed, and got on my knees in front of her. Her eyes got big again. Apparently she really had thought that was all she would get. I kissed her, briefly, and cupped her breasts, which were lovely, and then bent to nuzzle them and suck on the nipples.
I bent down to kiss her pussy, and ran my tongue up and down between the labia. She collapsed onto her back. This bed was wide enough that she wasn't in danger of hitting her head on the wall. Her eyes were closed. I slid my finger into her vagina, and licked and nuzzled her pussy. She gasped and panted, and in just a minute or two she came again. I moved her around a little, and got onto the bed next to her.
She kissed me with passion. "Oh, please come in now. I want more, and I think that has to be it. Please!"
"Would you like the chance to be on top?"
"I don't know, I just want you, I don't know anything, that time with Bill was nothing like this. Tell me what you want me to do!"
"Swing up over me so that you're straddling me. Now, kind of lie down, with most of your weight still on your knees and arms. Move back a little until my cock is touching you. Take a hand and guide me in."
She gasped and moaned as I entered her. I held still for a moment.
"I'll start moving. You move with me. You have a little control over how fast we move, but words may be better there. What you can really control is how your body rubs against mine. Try to make it feel as good as you can, for you."
I began thrusting, not too fast. She quickly was moving in the same rhythm, and almost immediately gasping a little at each thrust. "Oh, faster, please!" So I sped up.
A minute or two later, I buried myself harder in her, grinding my crotch against hers. She started coming a moment before I did. I know I did my share of moaning. It was far more intense than usual, and her vaginal spasms were overwhelming. She collapsed onto me as we both gasped for breath.
I kissed her, and she kissed back. "Thank you! I wish I could have you do that every night! You were so wonderful to me!"
In a minute or so, I kind of pulled her body up a little and pulled out of her. She apparently realized what this meant, and swung off me, lying close beside me. I kissed her again, and then she got up. I sat up on the edge of the bed.
Mary came right over to me, and started to kneel between my legs. I said, "Not yet. It will be somewhat longer this time. For the moment, come and kiss me."
She sat beside me, and we kissed, at length and repeatedly. I took her hand and put it on my cock, which was barely thinking about stirring. She said, "I admit I touched Bill's cock, and saw it up close, but I really don't know what to do."
"What did Molly tell you? And show you? Make sure there's enough lubrication. For the moment, just stroke with your hand, pretty gently. Then, while you continue that, kiss me again." That's what we did for a while. Soon, my hands were stroking her breasts, too.
Without any prompting from me, except I guess the growth of my cock, she slid down off the bed and leaned over and took it into her mouth. She continued to stroke with her hand, but sucked as well, stimulating the head with her tongue. It seemed that almost instantly I was fully erect and hard.
"Come up here and lie on your back. Legs apart." She did this. I bent over to kiss her gently, then moved down in the bed to begin licking at her pussy. As her hips shifted back and forth, her knees bent, which gave me a better angle. She moaned once, and then again and again. Her thighs gripped my head firmly, and she pulled her hips back and held them, moaning. Then she came.
I left off attention to the most sensitive areas for a minute, being very gentle everywhere. As I began to be more firm, she began moaning and thrusting again. I put my finger in, probing for somewhere that would help, and almost immediately she came again.
I got up and lay down on the bed, and told her, "I'm close to ready, but will you please see what you can do to finish that?" She seemed to think a moment about what position would work, and lay down next to me, hips next to my head. She propped herself up onto me, licked some, and took the head into her mouth, stroking lower with her hand. Soon, I felt like I was starting to get ready to come.
"Stop!" I told her.
She stopped, and got me out of her mouth, and asked me, "Would it be all right for me to do what she said, to get you to come in my mouth? I think I want to try that."
"Not this time," I told her. "That's not what you asked for, and not what we agreed on. But maybe some other time, if we can arrange it."
She said, "OK, but I promise to bug you about it. So am I on top, or on bottom? Or can we do it like you did with Miss Macgregor?"
"Lie down and kiss me again, and I'll be on top." As we kissed, I paid attention only to her breasts. I felt her pussy had been getting lots. I positioned myself on top of her, and told her, "Please guide me in." She did, and I thrust in moderately slowly. I told her, "In most cases, I can guide myself, but that was a little simpler."
She nodded, and put her arms around my neck and pulled me down for another kiss.
After a few moments more, she said, "This is nice, but it doesn't seem to be heading for what Janet got. By this time, Bill would have been done completely and out of me, so I'm not complaining."
"Can you feel how to move with me and against me better? It may be that we do need to put you on top after all."
"Let me try this way some more." So I supported more of my weight on my knees, less on her body, and tried to rub a little more on her front. After a few moments, I also sped up just a little. And something in all that seemed to be what was needed. She was moving with me, her hips coming up to rub herself on me, and she gasped, "Oh! Oh!," urgently pleading until she came and I suddenly had no hope of holding back any longer. As I came down, I tried to keep from crushing her under my weight, but it was a struggle.
"Oh! Phil, I'm so glad you insisted on that instead! I never in my wildest dreams thought it would be so good, even seeing Janet and, um, Molly. Oh, thank you!"
I pulled out and came off her. I saw Ginny heading over to me, and saw that her face was a little troubled.
I asked Jenny what time it was, and when she told me, I sat up fast. "Ginny, I'm sorry! In twenty minutes or a bit more, I need to be in the boys' wing or checked in as being in a room in the girls' wing. And that's just not long enough!" I was starting to pull on clothes as I said that. "I think once I'm dressed, I should be able to spare maybe ten minutes to kiss you, if you would like that."
Molly said, "I probably can fix it with your monitors, but that's not a good way to do things. But any of us could go to your room, or one of your young ladies'. They're not off limits to us. It used to be pretty common, after the seniors' week, for some of the kitchen and housekeeping girls to spend a night now and then in some boy student's room. I admit I was looking forward to seeing her get her cherry popped, but if you tell her where to go she can join you. Girls' wing would be better, though."
I answered, "If that's so, why don't you all come? Although I shouldn't invite you to Jenny's or Sam's room, I think Jenny's in this case. I've, well, I've entertained more than one girl, one at a time of course, with more than this looking on. So it would be up to you and to Jenny and especially to Ginny. If she wants to wait or to call it off, there's no point."
Ginny said, "No, I want you to do it. Tonight. I admit I'm kind of scared." She looked at Jenny.
I said, "Scared is one reason it may take a lot more time than you expect. But Jenny?" And I looked at her, too.
She said, "I guess I've kind of committed myself to this. Let's Sam and Phil and me go get out of curfew troubles. If Ginny shows up, she's on unless she changes her mind. If she shows up, any of the rest of you may as well too. It will be crowded, but we'll manage."
We hurried, and we made it to the monitor's desk with more like five minutes to spare than the ten I had offered Ginny. I was checked in for Jenny's room. We stopped by the lavatory on the way. And of course we still had to wait a bit. They probably took turns with the lavatory in Molly's room, and of course they all had to get dressed.
There was a knock on the door, and it was Ginny. She slipped in and went back next to me. I gave her a hug and a brief kiss. When the door opened next, it was for Mary and Janet. When the door was shut, one of them said, very quietly, "She'll be here in a minute."
It was several minutes, but Molly did come to the door. I had improved the time by kissing Ginny at greater length, but she wasn't responding very well. She felt tense and twitchy to me.
When Molly was there, I said, "Are you changing your mind?"
"No, but like I said, I'm kind of scared."
So I told her, "Well, take off your clothes and sit down on the bed, and then we'll see what we need to do." I undressed myself and sat, too.
I put my arms around her and kissed her gently and pretty briefly. "So, talk to me. What is it you're afraid of?"
"I don't know it all. I know it's going to hurt, and I'm scared of that, but beyond that, I just feel scared about it."
"All right, let's talk first, and then see what we need to do. I'll talk, I mean, and Sam and Jenny may stick in a few words.
"I have kind of a lot of experience with this. And one girl, the second intact virgin I had sex with, and only my third in all, she was scared about the pain, too. This was in the game, and she wasn't on close terms with me, as well, but the rules said I could screw her, so she was willing, but she was very scared, of the pain and some other things I won't tell you about. And here's what we did. Remember, I was still very inexperienced,
"I didn't know this then, but one reason she was so scared was that she had heard her mother and her older sister comparing notes on how awful their first times had been. But anyway, she didn't want anything to do with me romantically, kissing or anything like that, because she didn't want to be on such terms with me—me or anybody. But I thought, it really was going to hurt her a lot. Not losing her cherry. I'd done that a little while earlier with someone else, and she assured me that it wasn't really bad, and also I knew what it felt like to my, um, pretty sensitive parts when I broke through. But because she was so tense, her body wasn't preparing in other ways. And I told you she was my third, and my first had been maybe an hour earlier, but, well, I knew from the others, as well as from book learning, that a girl's body produces lubrication when she's aroused and wanting. And this girl was miles from that. If I went in, tore through her membrane, and then shoved myself around up in there when she was completely tight and dry, that would hurt a lot more than the first part of it. When I popped that other girl's cherry, I was instantly in where it was warm and quite wet, and it was wonderful for me and very good for her.
"Well, she didn't want affection from me, but I asked her if I could at least eat her pussy some. I told her what I was thinking. It wouldn't make her want me, the way it did Janet and Molly earlier, both because she was scared and for other reasons. But I said I hoped it would help her body relax and maybe lubricate some, and that at least the saliva would provide some lubrication. And she let me do that.
"Anyway, when I pushed in, she was wet enough that it didn't hurt any more. One of the girls, maybe her, said it was a little tender where things had torn. And she definitely almost laughed, and she said, things I have to do in gym hurt worse than that, all the time. In the end, she was happy and ready to take steps toward friendship. I had taken something she thought would be horrible and painful, and made it into something pretty good, you see. The pain was very brief, and less than pulling a muscle in gym or something.
"And I'll tell you about one other girl. This is a little different, though. I told you about that one just to try to reassure you about the pain of your membrane tearing. Every single girl whose cherry I popped, and for a few days there were kind of a lot, said that it didn't hurt worth mentioning.
"But this one, I'm telling you to help you trust me a little. In our week, one day was spent doing anal sex." I looked at her to make sure she understood. She nodded. "I don't know whether for some reason she went in really afraid of it, or what, but whatever her instructor did, it hurt. A lot.
"Now, she was already good friends with her partner, and he's just the right kind for this. He cared about her, he didn't want to hurt her at all. And he's patient and gentle anyway, and I'm proud to be his friend, after all this was over. But anyway, he hurt her a lot, too, try as he might, and they were both really discouraged about it. They really do love each other, and they had to do this together, and it was OK for him but totally miserable for her.
"Well, at supper that day, several of the girls we sat with, all of them I guess, were saying how much they hated doing anal sex, how just plain nasty it was. Not like the girl I told you about, but nothing to like in it. So Jenny here spoke up and said, well, it wasn't something she was crazy about, but a lot of it she had enjoyed. She made it clear that I had worked to make it that way. And I'll add that Sam didn't say anything, but she was there at the time, and I did it with her too, and the same was true. On the whole, very pleasant, not really painful, but with some yucky parts. Is that a fair summary, girls?"
Jenny stood up and came over and gave me a long, kind of steamy kiss. "I'd sort of forgotten, with everything that's happened since," she said. "The only thing wrong is he's being too modest. It was better than just 'on the whole, very pleasant,' way better in fact, in spite of a few yucky parts. And it was because Phil was so patient and caring, and that's flat." And Sam put in, "That's exactly right."
I went on, "So this girl heard about Jenny's having said this, and she was a very close friend of ours, Jenny's and mine. She was working on being friends with Sam, too. She and I had had sex several times, and I had in fact popped her cherry, and we were, and are, very close. But anyway, she and her partner showed up that evening, and they wanted to check out what they'd heard. Having done that, they asked me to do it again, with her, in the hopes of getting through it at least OK, not painful and awful with cramps besides. And I said I'd try, as a favor to this girl I also loved. We don't see her so much now, but she's still one of our favorite people. For all three of us.
"At any rate, she knew me, she knew I cared a lot about her, and she trusted me. But she was so tense and scared that she couldn't relax and really trust me. So I just put anal sex, or any sex, on the back burner, and did everything I could think of to help her relax. The biggest thing was a massage, really just a back rub. And I took a long time at it. And she finally told me to quit it, if she relaxed any more she would fall asleep.
"But not all that long before, even though I told her nothing at all was going into her ass without warning, every time I got anywhere near it, her whole ass would just go into spasms, enough to cramp her. So I kept at it and at it. And, as I said, she finally said she couldn't relax any more because everything was totally relaxed.
"And at that point, I said, I promise you I'll stop in my tracks if you go into spasms, and just wait it out. And I'll stop where I am if you tell me to. And if you tell me to give up entirely, I promise I'll do that, too. And then I asked her, do you trust me? And she said, 'Phil, with you, anything.' That is one of the proudest moments of my life!
"So anyway, we started off the same way, but way, way slower. I won't go into that, anal sex isn't the point. But I did what I had promised. When I touched her anus, when I put a fingertip in, and so on, her body would go into a spasm. And I waited it out. And she knew, really knew, that if she said to quit, I would, any time, even if I was in her ass about to come, so the spasms got smaller and fewer. And it turned out to be very good for her, too. Some of the yuckiest parts I offered to let her skip, and she decided to do them, just to prove to herself that it really wasn't so awful after all. Molly can tell you what the yucky parts were, later, if she wants.
"So I'm going to try to relax you, first of all. And I promise you, if I sense something wrong, I'll stop, pause I mean, until it's resolved. If you tell me to stop, to pause, I will. I guess if I'm inside you ejaculating, all I'd be able to do would be to come out and spray all over us, but short of that. You can tell me to give up and quit at any time. I won't poke anything at all into your body orifices without telling you first, and asking if it's OK. One exception: I may put my tongue in your mouth when I kiss you."
I knew I had gone on way too long. Partly I'd wanted to be clear and get the details right—a long-standing bad habit of mine—but partly I was hoping to give her time to stop feeling so afraid.
"Are you willing to trust me? Probably not really, now. But let's try to get you to relax now, and then we'll see. So please lie down, face down."
She did it, and I straddled her. I've already told you about the massage I gave Ellen, and this was about the same, except I moved on just a little faster at each point. And as with Ellen, I eventually felt the tension just drain out of her.
Finally, I bent over her and kissed the back of her neck. I asked her, "Will you trust me not to hurt you more than just one short pang, with maybe a faint ache left behind?"
She said, "I think so. I'm not quite ready for, 'Phil, with you, anything,' yet, but please, please make love to me, Phil."
"Then roll over, please. And we'll take it slow where we can. And if you need me to pause, or to quit, say so, and I will. That's really all you need to trust me for."
She rolled over and spread her legs apart. I told her, "Eventually probably like that, but that's not what I meant for now." I moved to lie next to her, and put my arms around her, and kissed her. This time she kissed back with passion. Her tongue came into my mouth first, and she pointed this out to me. "You see, you did put your tongue in my mouth, but I did it first to you."
After a few leisurely minutes, I said, "I'm going to start touching your body now, mostly your breasts. Tell me if you need me to stop." She just kissed me a lot more intensely, so I began. She gasped and twitched whenever I rubbed across her nipples. I cupped her ass as well, and traced the outline of her waist and hips.
"I'm going to touch your pussy now. Let me know if there's a problem. I probably will put a finger inside you, more than once. It's a finger, not my cock, and it shouldn't tear anything at all. And I'll stick to just one finger."
She laid her head on my shoulder, except that we were facing each other, lying on our sides, so I wasn't actually carrying any weight. It was just a gesture, but it really meant a lot. And indeed, she then said, "Phil, with you, anything. I mean it." I thought my heart would burst.
So I played with her pussy, taking it slow. She was quite wet at this point, on the outside I mean. I put a finger in, and she said huskily, "Oh, you're wonderful, you feel so good." I pulled out as much as I could of the thicker lubrication that was inside, and spread it around. As I touched the critical places, she flinched and gasped. "Please, you're going too slow, please do it, whatever comes next!" she begged me.
So I told her, "Watch out, then, I'm going to move you," and moved her legs around. I got down on the floor between them, and teased the insides of her thighs a little with my tongue, and around the perimeter of her pussy. I said, "My finger is going back in," and put it in, and licked around a few places. Then I zeroed in on the most sensitive areas, and her hips thrust away and back again, with moans and gasps. Her thighs came up to imprison my head, and she thrust back and forth a few more times, and came with loud cries.
When she was done, and had released my head, I moved her legs around and got back into bed with her. I told her, "Now is the moment of truth. Shall I proceed?"
"Please," she said. "I want you so much, I never knew I could want anything that way."
So I moved on top of her, and positioned myself to come in. She opened her eyes and looked at me and nodded. I took my hand and parted her labia, and began to go in. Immediately I was stuck. I said, "Here's where the pain comes. Shall I go on?"
She pulled my head down for a kiss. "Yes, please, now!" So I shoved through, and everything felt wonderful. She was kind of tight, but very, very wet.
I just held still. "I'm through, and that should be the last of any real pain. You're tight yet, so I'm waiting to go ahead. I'll warn you, or you can tell me when you think you've adjusted."
"You're wonderful, you feel completely right, go on in!" I still went slowly, but I pushed until I was all the way in. I waited another moment or two, then began thrusting in and out, trying to hold myself so that I rubbed where I most needed to. After half a dozen or so strokes, she was moving with me, and I sped up. She grunted and gasped and whimpered. I sped up a little, and her urgency increased. I carefully did not distract her by trying to kiss her. Her eyes closed, and she panted and gasped. I sped up a little more, and she came again. I was close myself, but managed to ride it out.
She opened her eyes and looked at me, pulled my head down for another kiss. "Is there more?"
"Well, I haven't come yet. Fourth time tonight, sixth since early afternoon. I'm going to try to come now. I just hope I don't get you close and then abandon you."
I tightened myself up, and thrust in and out, in and out, trying to get ready. Mary said, from somewhere out of view, "If you'd like me to try sucking you, I'm still pretty eager."
"No, we're going to finish this way." I felt another orgasm building in Ginny's body, and tried to push ahead. Then I was there, unable to say anything to warn her, and I thrust in hard all the way, beginning to come. And after a moment, as I ground against her, she came too, intensely and loudly.
I completely collapsed onto her. I had been holding so tight, trying to come, that I was having trouble catching my breath. She was still moaning at top volume, as I struggled to sit up enough to breathe better. Finally she was done, and I just pulled straight out and swung over next to her and collapsed onto my back.
And abruptly someone was sucking on my cock, cleaning me off. I looked down, and it was Mary. Ginny said, "No! Stop that! If anyone does it, it's me!" as she moved down to the scene of action. I decided to keep out of this one unless someone's teeth or nails came into play. I thought Sam could knock their heads together if she needed to, with no help from me.
And, indeed, Sam's voice said sharply, "Mary, she's right. You let her do that." Then more quietly, to Ginny, "You're cleaning him off, not trying to get him going again. That would take way too long, now. He had trouble this time. Which benefited you." So Ginny finished the job, and then looked up at me.
I said, "Jenny, I just thought. Every other time, it's been outside on grass, and I've barely noticed. But there's probably blood on that sheet. Can you do something about it?"
Molly said, "Leave that to me, but leave it lie a minute. Ginny, you get a wad of tissue between your legs and get your underpants on." She did so. "Jenny, do you have a change of sheets, or is someone going to have to go get one?"
Jenny produced sheets, and Molly stripped off the used, bloody—blood-speckled, really—one, rolling it up, and then quickly and efficiently made the bed. Ginny and I both got dressed. I kissed her and said, "Either that was really good, or you are the world's best actress ever."
She kissed me, but then said, "It's really late, and I have to get up. Thank you, more than I can say, but I'm going to run away now. Maybe some other time, soon." Sam opened the door and looked up and down the hall, then shooed her out. I noticed she turned away from the hallway to the monitor's station. Sam closed the door.
The other two came and kissed me, too. Mary told me, "Bill was a clumsy oaf, and I never realized it. I wish my first had been a tenth that good. A hundredth. But you kind of made up for it tonight, with Janet and with me and now with Ginny. And I think we all have to get up, so Janet and I will run off too." Sam checked the hallway again, then they left.
Molly said, "I really doubt you want to kiss me after all that with those young beauties, but you're going to have to." She put down her bundled sheets and came up to me with open arms. I didn't hesitate to hug her and give her the biggest kiss I knew how. At this point, somehow her fat troubled me a lot less. The white hair and wrinkles never had bothered me a bit.
I said, "Thank you, it's due to you that I had a spectacular evening. But I know you have to get up early too, and I really should. But I think I'll skip running tomorrow, Jenny. If you're willing, you can try running flat on your back. I should be recovered by then.
"But Molly, or maybe it's Miss Macgregor again now, you had us set aside this evening and tomorrow evening both. Will you tell me what your plan is? Except that I'm afraid I need to ask that it not include as many as four. Much as I enjoyed all of you."
"I had a couple more in mind, but I'll have to think on it. Maybe them, maybe these three again. You won't be wanting me, next time."
I said, "Why do I have to keep saying this? If it's in your room, you come first. Period. Maybe even if it's somewhere else, since you're the one setting it up."
She looked at me. "You do mean it, don't you. I thank you, even if I think you're daft. I'll let you know about tomorrow. Schedules may be a bit harder to change around."
She kissed me again, and she too was slipped out the door.
And finally, Sam kissed me. "I won't take even two minutes more of your time. We all need to get to bed right away. I may see you in the lavatory, but that's it." She did take one of those two minutes for a long kiss. And, I'll add, I ambushed her before she left the lavatory for one final kiss. She didn't bother checking, this time, she just walked out, letting the door shut.
Jenny looked at me. "You get me all hot watching you screw girl after girl after girl after old woman," she complained, "and then you aren't even good for a quickie, and won't be before morning. Come on, love, let's get to the lav so we can get to bed."
I fixed her, though. When we got back and were all undressed, I turned out the light, but then I picked her up and laid her on the bed and kissed her thoroughly, and then ate her pussy (disregarding her protests) until she came a couple of times. She kept the volume lower. When I was done, she made some sleepy remark about perfume, and rolled on her side. I was asleep almost before I got spooned against her back, myself.


Saturday morning we did not have an alarm set for running, but my bladder is just as good. I heartlessly woke Jenny to go with me, as I wasn't sure she would stay awake if I left her behind. As promised, I saw that she got some morning exercise in a horizontal position, and then we went back to sleep. When the alarm went off, we somehow managed to get up and shower, a not-so-quickie included, in time to eat breakfast. I was very nearly late checking out, though.
After breakfast, we sat in the cafeteria studying until lunch.
I had expected that Miss Milliken had probably been on early duty at the girls' monitor's desk, but if so we weren't in time to see her there. She was helping serve breakfast, though, and looking sleepy. She gave Jenny and me big smiles. I didn't know whether the Grimes cousins and Miss Macgregor were scheduled off duty or cooking in the kitchens themselves or what, but we didn't see them at either breakfast or lunch.
Sam arrived for lunch, also looking really sleepy. She said, for our ears only, "Whatever comes up this evening, I'm going on strike if it runs so late." She flirted a little with some boys who had come to lunch with Jim, who had come to flirt with Jenny himself.
After lunch, we went to Jenny's room to study. This time it was just the three of us, as Claire and Barbara were with their partners. We did keep at it, except that the girls turned out to have made another little date without telling me. Marie knocked at the door. She seemed surprised not to see the other two, and she saw that I was surprised to see her. "Didn't they tell you I was coming?" she asked.
Jenny said, "He might have decided to prove he's in charge and make me go find you and grovel. I'm pretty sure he won't do it now you're here. And Claire and Barbara made other plans, which may or may not involve classwork, but are likely to involve some time studying biology." And as it happened there were, just then, the sounds of Claire enjoying studying biology next door. The three of us laughed at the timing, and Jenny explained to Marie.
Marie looked at me and said, "If you didn't agree to this, maybe I should go away." I didn't answer directly, but I went and took her in my arms, and I thought the kiss that followed made my views clear.
Now, you already know I have a thing about redheads, and I told you that Marie's voice kind of grated on me, but if you think I didn't find her attractive, think again. She was another astoundingly beautiful one. Her skin was a beautiful chocolate brown, her figure was wonderful, everything except the voice was great. And under the circumstances I was more than ready to overlook the voice. Her body type wasn't my favorite. She was taller than I was, with a solid frame, and generally pretty muscular. But there are many, many beautiful, sexy women in the world who don't match my ideal, and her breasts were larger than those of any of my regular girls, my "harem." You already know that Jenny had vetted her as sweet and nice. I hadn't known her before, even to speak to, but I had often heard her talking to others—her voice, unfortunately, drawing my attention—and I had known she was nice and bright and had a nice sense of humor, and she laughed a lot in the nicest way, never hurtfully.
"If it's OK with Jenny and Sam, we're on as far as I'm concerned. But you said you really weren't happy about having an audience."
"I also said I've had to get used to it. Ms. Miller yesterday was no hardship. These two are lending you to me, and I should complain that they want to watch?"
So we made love again. And it was as wonderful as the first time. Marie continued to insist that she didn't usually come so soon or often or easily. I had to believe her. But what on earth could I be doing that brought it on? Maybe it really was nothing but this reputation I had gotten, making it a self-fulfilling prophecy, still growing in influence. I didn't know then, and don't now. But Marie was beautiful, sexy, and eager for me, and why really doesn't matter in the end, does it?
I was again feeling kind of nervous as suppertime rolled around. I knew the girls could tell. My girls, I mean. And it seemed that the servers all knew what was up, in what detail I couldn't say. I got more smiles and friendly greetings that evening than I usually did in a month, and almost all of the servers were always friendly, pleasant women. I just couldn't help wondering what Miss Macgregor was going to spring on me this time. Or whom, I should say. I also got larger portions than usual from almost everyone, not really a bad thing, but I was late in recognizing this and came away with more food than I really wanted. I said something to Jenny and Sam, though, and tidbits magically began vanishing from my dishes. They smiled fondly at me.
Miss Macgregor wasn't the one who gave me instructions this time, but another of the older, grandmotherly servers. The instructions were simply, "Same time and place as last night," with the information that Molly Macgregor had asked her to tell me, and with kind of a wink and a grin. Sam was with me that time, and came in for a comment as well about her performance with me the previous week, how much it had been enjoyed. I was aware of blushing heavily, but Sam thanked her very blandly. I didn't know this woman's name, or couldn't remember, and didn't ask.
This time we decided simply to wait in the cafeteria, reasonably near the serving area, sipping beverages and talking. I decided that wasn't really a very helpful strategy after all, since I wound up hurrying off to the boys' wing lavatory shortly before we left. I returned and we sat for a couple of minutes, and then we got up and took our glasses and cup back into the serving area, obviously just properly cleaning up after ourselves. The woman who had passed the message on chatted with us for a minute, probably somewhat audibly to a few of those in the cafeteria, and then waved us on as Miss Macgregor appeared through the same doorway as the previous night. We followed her down the stairs to her room.
There we found two girls, again young ladies a few years older than we were and looking like girl students. These again were girls I didn't know, that is, I hadn't greeted and asked names of. There were lots of servers, and they did move from building to building and also in and out of the housekeeping team. One of these I hadn't seen that evening, and the other had smiled very warmly at me and given me a slightly fuller bowl of ice cream, with a little more syrup on it, than others were getting. Not enough to stand out, of course, had it not happened so many times that suppertime.
I asked them the same questions I had asked the others, more or less. Their names were Heather Manning and Madison Chase. Heather was not related to Ellen Manning, as far as she knew. They were both there at Miss Macgregor's invitation, but because they wanted to be, not to please her or anyone else, they were sure they wanted what was to follow, and they were not uncomfortable about watching me with Miss Macgregor or each other. I judged they had thought someone had been pulling their legs about Miss Macgregor's being included, but they answered seriously. Neither had any wide experience, but neither was a virgin, either. This time it occurred to me to ask them about masturbation. Each admitted to having done it occasionally, and they understood what orgasm felt like. I warned them that I wouldn't be able to perform for a while after each time, and that they would be asked to perform oral sex on me to help me to be ready faster. They had already been told about all that. Well, girls gossip—not that boys are really any better about it.
I told them that for the evening we were all on first names with each other, telling them my name and Jenny's and Sam's. I told the two girls to decide amicably between themselves who would be next. I explained that Miss Macgregor's turn would come first, since she had arranged this and was letting us use her room. And I told all three of them to get out of their clothes. I got out of mine, too.
When that was done, I took Miss Macgregor—Molly—in my arms and kissed her for a while. I fondled her breasts, and she was clearly aroused already and getting more so. I told her that I didn't really have a plan different from last night's, and asked her to sit down on the bed.
I proceeded to eat her pussy. She was mostly ready anyway, and it wasn't long before she came. I got up, and she said, "Can we do it like this, this time? Please?" Instead of going on hands and knees, she went over to the desk—making two others move out of the way—and bent over it, presenting her ass and pussy to me. I came up behind her and fondled her breasts, reaching down to give her pussy a little attention, too. She said, "Oh, Morris, Phil, please just go on in now." I bent my knees enough to get the head of my cock between her labia, moving it forward and back, and slid into her. She moaned, and rocked forward and back as I began thrusting. I had hold of her hips. She gasped and moaned, faster and more urgently as we went on. In a while, she started coming, and I came with her. I pushed in and held as I spurted over and over. She dropped a hand to her pussy, and her own moaning became more violent.
I pulled out when she was done. She bent over and took my cock, still mostly erect, in her mouth for a moment. She straightened up and gave me a kiss, then said to the two girls, "Whoever you've decided is next, get over here." When Madison came over, she told her, "You kneel down and start going, the way I told you earlier. If you keep him up some, it won't take as long." Madison looked a little uncertain, but got onto her knees in front of me and took me into her mouth, most of the way in, getting me wet, and then back so just the head was in. She wrapped a hand around the base, and stroked as she sucked and used her tongue. Ever so often, she rolled her eyes up to look at my face.
As I started to feel nearer to being ready, I told her, "That's enough of that, for now." She pulled back from my cock. I gave her a hand to help her up. With clothes on, she had seemed to be a golden blonde, but her pubic hair was much paler, and I was pretty sure she dyed the hair on her head. Of course, what do I know? There's generally a little difference. She was kind of plump, with large breasts. I cupped them and said, "This is kind of your last chance to change your mind."
"No, I want you to go ahead. Really! Especially after seeing that!"
So I kissed her while I fondled her breasts, and soon she was panting a little. "Oh, that feels good, when you touch me like that. Please, go on, can't you?" I kept up fondling her breasts and kissing her anyway, for another couple of minutes, then dropped a hand to her pussy. She was very wet, and she flinched and gasped when I touched her there. I rubbed gently, and her arms tightened around my neck and she closed her eyes, and didn't kiss back much when I kissed her. She was gasping and moaning, and I wasn't surprised when she came. Madison was a good deal louder than Molly. I kept stroking, but back from the most sensitive areas.
When she was through, she pulled me to her, my mouth to hers and kissing me hard, her body against mine and rubbing. She said, "Please, please come inside me now. Oh, please! That was simply wonderful, but I want you inside."
"Lie down on the bed, then."
She lay down on her back, spreading her legs. I lay down beside her, facing her, and rolled her over to face me. "I would normally spend some time eating your pussy, but I think I won't, this time, anyway." I kissed her, again stroking her breasts a little, and she moaned. I probed between her legs again. I knew she was wet enough, she had been before we started and then had had an orgasm, but I ran a finger into her vagina. She kissed me with more passion. After a while, I rolled her onto her back again and got on top, with my knees between her legs. Her hands came up to take hold of me and part her labia and guide me in.
She moved with me as I thrust, beginning pretty soon to moan urgently. When she came, I didn't, though I felt very close. When her orgasm was over, she kissed me again, and asked, "What next?"
I told her, "Madison, I'm afraid I'm going to be selfish with you. When I come out, will you please finish me off with your mouth?"
She looked startled, but said, "If you like. Miss—Molly made sure we understood you're in charge. But is it something I didn't do right?"
I said, "Not at all, and where I am now is wonderful. This is a whim, and as I said, I'm yielding to it, selfishly, for my own pleasure. I guess I could try to justify it by saying it's educational—you haven't done that before, it was pretty clear when you started on me earlier—but that's not really why. No excuse but my own selfishness, that I'd like you to do it."
I pulled out and came off, and lay down on my back. She experimented a little before she found a position she thought would work, and then she got down to business. I really was pretty close, and it wasn't long before I emptied myself into her mouth. I didn't think there was as much as there would have been before I screwed Molly, but she didn't swallow fast enough, and some ran down her chin from one side of her mouth. When she pulled back so I came out, she took her hand and wiped it up, putting it back in her mouth and swallowing. She swallowed hard, and then came back up beside me and kissed me, pretty quickly. She asked, "Did I do that right?" and I told her, "You did fine. You'll probably get a little better with practice." I kissed her a bit longer, then turned and sat up, then stood up.
I said, "Heather, it's your turn now."
I was deflating a little more this time, but she came up, knelt down, and took me in her mouth. It took quite a bit longer. I said, "This is the third time now, this evening, and it's going to take longer and be harder, for both of us." She looked up at me and kind of nodded, but didn't leave off what she was doing.
I was still a way from being ready when I told her, "Please stop now." I helped her up, and took her in my arms and kissed her. I said, "It looks like it will take a while for me to be ready enough, whatever we do. So there's no reason for you to keep that up." Heather was beautifully curvy, with light brown hair and a cute face with dimples. Her breasts didn't sag, but bounced up and down in a way I found entrancing. I kissed her at length, beginning to fondle her breasts. She was panting at the end of the first kiss, and kissing me hard and whimpering very soon thereafter. Her hand went down to my cock, possibly to check on it, and it was a little bigger and harder than it had been, but she continued to stroke it. I moved a hand to her pussy as well, and it felt like she was ready to come at a touch.
I picked her up, startling her, and sat her on the bed. I knelt between her knees, put a finger into her, and began licking. She moaned, and her hips began thrusting pretty much immediately. After a few minutes, she came, and she was very loud about it, and it continued a while. When she was done, I moved back beside her and kissed her again. I was starting to feel that I was ready. She had her own hand checking that out. Without being asked, she went down and started in on me again with her mouth. I was feeling pretty close after just a minute, and I said, "Stop!"
She pulled back and looked at me. I told her, "I'm about ready to come in."
"Oh! I thought after Madison, you would ask me to do the same thing."
"No, that was a whim, and I already kind of regret it, it was selfish. As I said. I'm sorry that I don't think I'll be able to give her another go after this, to make up for it. I'll only ask that of you if I really can't come in you. For tonight, anyway.
"Now, I didn't offer Madison a choice, but would you rather be on top or on the bottom?"
"I don't think I'd know what to do, if I were on top."
"It's pretty much the same. You have a little more input into how fast we go, but you have a lot more control over how your body rubs on mine, and that's kind of critical, sometimes. But it's your choice, for tonight."
She didn't say anything, but she kissed me again, lingeringly. Then she just rolled onto her back, spreading her legs out. So I moved on top of her, and she guided me in. As I started thrusting, she was starting to move with me, but suddenly she stopped.
"Wait, please. I want to know—um, I heard girls talking, about one day you had last week. What does it feel like if you come in my ass, instead?"
"We're not going to do that tonight. Period. If you make arrangements with me for another go, and you're sure you want that, I'll say maybe, but no promises. After we're done here, if you want, you have in this room with you three who have done it enough to answer your question, and I suggest you ask one of them. But for now, move with me the way you were a minute ago." I began thrusting again.
Several minutes later, she was tensing up, and my worry was whether I could hold back long enough. I grabbed her ass and pulled her to me, then moved my hands a little under her and gave her hips a little support. She tensed even more, then came, again very loudly, enough to hurt my ears a little. I thrust in as far as I could, moving in and out just a tiny bit, almost to the extent of not really moving but only changing pressure. And I came. I'd had too much already, I guess. This was kind of weak, but I did come.
Heather didn't say anything until we had both caught our breath. Then she kissed me and said, "Thank you! It was never anything like that, before, and that's true about when you ate me first, too. I wish we did have time for me to take care of you the way Madison did, too."
When I sat up, Madison came and sat next to me. She kissed me, too. "I hope you'll stop worrying you were selfish. When I came, it was, um, she's right, none of the times my boyfriend screwed me were anywhere near that good, even when you just used your hand, and when you were inside was lots better than that. I'll never forget tonight, I'm sure it will never be better than this."
"You know, I think you're wrong about that. You find a young man you really love, and who loves you, and who's willing to try to listen to what you want, and unless he's totally inept it will be a lot better than tonight.
"Heather, if you wanted to ask what anal sex feels like, well, you probably have more opportunity to ask Molly other times, so I suggest you ask Sam or Jenny."
She looked at me, and then said, "I wish you'd kiss me once more, first. Please? Really kiss me?" So I did.
Then she sat there by me, distractingly and delectably naked, and said, "Sam, Jenny, how did it feel?"
Sam spoke up. "It's uncomfortable, in places, no matter what. I can't say whether that changes if you do it a lot, and regularly. Most of the girls found it painful and just completely unpleasant, all of it. There were some reasons, about what they told us we had to do, I'll say later about that, but they didn't have Phil doing it to them. Really. If you're going to do it, the first thing is to try to get yourself really empty back there soon before you start. Next, getting enough lubrication, and if it's spit it's more than you'd think, that's really important, too. And the guy, assuming it's a guy not a girl with a dildo, needs to start very easy, using just a fingertip to get lubrication inside, moving to a whole finger. That all needs to be lubricated. We used disposable gloves for that part, by the way, and I'd suggest that. But Phil was incredibly, unbelievably patient about this whole thing. He went slow, very slow, and kept adding more lubrication. It took him a good while to get to where his whole finger was in, and he moved it around, gently but firmly, to stretch the sphincter out. And all this is uncomfortable, but also kind of exciting and arousing.
"They made him, all the boys I mean, go back and forth between the girl's pussy and her ass, several times, on the excuse of getting more lubrication in there. That's bogus. It's nice if he goes in your pussy briefly before he goes in your ass, just for a moment, though. And he should lubricate his cock more, before he goes in the first time.
"He needs to go in really slow, too, a cock is a lot bigger than a finger. That's uncomfortable, too, and if he goes in too fast, or if there's not enough lubrication it will hurt, maybe an awful lot. Phil was careful and loving, he never hurt me at all, but uncomfortable, it was that, especially at first.
"But as I say, if the boy does all that right, enough lubrication and enough time, it's exciting. Arousing, it gets you hot and horny. And if he's careful and takes enough time, you may come. Jenny and I both did. I think we both used our hands up in front to help. But, well, for me, I'd way rather have Phil, who loves me, in my ass than anything I can do to myself with just my hands. It wasn't as good as what you both just had, but it was pretty good.
"And finally, when he's done, you've got all this liquid, the lubricant as well as what he spurts into you, inside your ass. You need to head for a toilet, pretty soon, and get it all out of there, or you'll have cramps and diarrhea sooner or later. Phil's instructor warned him, and he warned us. I think all the instructors were supposed to do that, and mine did, but some other girls' didn't. I heard later from girls who hadn't done that, so I can say for sure that it makes a difference whether you do it.
"They made us do one more thing, and we're all kind of mad about that. Phil's madder than Jenny and me, actually. They made him come out, and then the girl had to suck him until he was ready and then until he came in her mouth. That's ridiculous and degrading. I mean, if Phil really got a kick out of it, I'd do it any time he asked, because I love him so much and he treats me so well, but it would be totally for him. And he finds it offensive, too, and not only because he loves us. There really is no excuse for it.
"And it's not really part of it, but where we did it, there was a shower attached. And well, showering together can be pretty exciting, too, and a nice quickie there helps."
Heather said, "Thanks. I don't know why, but just the thought of it was exciting for me." She came over to me, and kissed me hard. "Maybe we can arrange for you to do it to me, and I'll see if the real thing lives up to my fantasies."
"Honestly, don't hold your breath. If Sam or Jenny really felt that way, I'd probably go along from time to time, but I'd worry about why they liked it. I think it's degrading to the woman, or whoever it's done to, myself. I've done it with a couple more girls, by request, but there was more behind that."
I kissed her again, though. In fact, I kissed each of them. Then I said, "You all may as well get dressed, now." I started getting dressed myself.
When we were all dressed, Miss Macgregor came over and kissed me again. "Thank you. I told you, I never expected to do any of that again, and that's twice now. I won't set you up with anyone else, but some of the girls probably will ask you on their own account, and you can accept or not as you choose."
I kissed her one more time, thanking her. But I checked the time, and it was heading toward curfew. I said as much. I knew Jenny had been keeping an eye on it. I knew we could have done what we did Friday night, but I also really needed more sleep.
Miss Macgregor escorted us back to the serving area. The cafeteria was deserted as we went through it. Ms. Miller was at the monitor's station. I asked the girls, "Which will it be tonight?" and they looked at each other.
Sam said, "Well, it's technically my turn, but we all need more sleep, I think. Jenny, do you want him? If not, he sleeps with me, emphasis on 'sleeps'."
"He's all yours for the night. But Phil, we do need to get up and go run in the morning."
"You're right. Sam, is that a deal-killer for tonight? I really can sleep with Jenny. I think. I'm sorry, Jenny, that really is for you to say, not me. Both of you, pretend I didn't say it. I'm sorry."
They both looked at me. "Sam, it's up to you," Jenny said. "If you're not running, why don't you get what extra sleep you can?"
Sam hugged Jenny, and then kissed me, pretty long and hard. "You take him. Give me one more chance to sleep in, please."
Ms. Miller said, "Make up your minds, girls. I need to get him checked in before curfew."
"He's with me," Jenny told her. Then she lowered her voice. "And by the way, a little birdie, a little girlie birdie, told me you had a wonderful time yesterday afternoon."
Ms. Miller spoke equally quietly. "I did. I hope Trescontraire isn't announcing it to the whole class, though."
"I think it was just us, as interested parties, and she was talking to us anyway, to set up a date with Phil. Which she got, and enjoyed a lot. I'll try to get a chance to ask her, though, since you feel that way. Thank you for making it good for Phil."
We all headed off, first to the lavatory, and then by Sam's room, where she and I kissed goodnight before she went in. Jenny and I went to her room.
Once we were inside, she kissed me thoroughly. "Once again, you've got me hot and you're going to leave me that way. Except yes, you didn't leave me unsatisfied last night after all. But you're going to tonight, hear? We both really, really do need the sleep!"
We cleaned our teeth and got undressed. She set her alarm. "If that wakes us, no quickie before running, either. I mean it. I love you, and you know I love sex with you, but I really do hope your bladder doesn't wake us up first."
I kissed her. I was starting to get interested, and she said, "You're insatiable. But if you don't just go to sleep, now, you can plan to sleep in your own room by yourself from now on, when it's my turn." She belied this a little by hugging me, body tight against mine, but I knew she meant it. Um, not the threat, but the intention to sleep that night. And I really was spent.
I gave her a peck on the lips, and told her, "You're still taking care of me. And I love you. I really will try just to go to sleep fast."
We got into bed. She turned away from me, and I nestled against her. My arms went around her. I cupped her breasts just for a moment, then moved down to her belly. She was already asleep when a series of sharp cries, from Claire's room, jerked me fully awake. They were not really unduly loud. I dropped off almost immediately after that.


My bladder did wake us Sunday morning, or rather, it woke me and I woke Jenny. But it was only ten minutes before her alarm would have gone off. She grumbled at me half-heartedly, but she really needed to pee, too. We were in the lavatory very briefly, including my wait for her. As Jenny was washing her hands, Claire and Jeff stumbled in. He was in his briefs, and she in a robe she hadn't bothered to tie shut, just holding it closed with her hand. Not all that well closed, either.
"You two need to learn to keep the noise down late at night," I told Claire sternly. "I was just about asleep. I should demand that you do something to make it up to me."
She smiled at me, and then pulled the front of her robe open and held it that way for a long five seconds or so. She pulled it shut again, and said, "Is that sufficient?"
I stepped up to her and hugged her, and gave her a big kiss. "We'll let it pass this time." I patted her on the behind through the robe.
Jenny gave her a brief hug, too. "I guess I was already asleep," she told her.
We walked back to her room holding hands. Her own robe was properly tied closed. In the room, she kissed me. "I won't even complain about your ogling another woman in my presence," she said. "I know you just had to prove to Jeff that she would do something like that. I'm so proud to be yours, partner, friend, lover, even one of many on the last two, and I don't begrudge Sam on the first."
We got busy shaving. We talked a little, but I found it really hard to do that and not cut myself. Jenny decided we really didn't have time for even a quickie, and I didn't argue. So again we found ourselves heading out to run a few minutes early, and again the monitors didn't complain or bat an eye.
The girls' wing monitor was, again, Miss Milliken. She stood up and gave me a hug, and wanted to kiss me, but I said, "I'm really sorry, but right now you're Miss Milliken, not Ginny, and I'm Morris. And I was warned that if I had any such, um, dalliance I should make sure to be very discreet. I'll unbend enough to say that I enjoyed it, a lot, and I know you did, and I trust you'll be over being sore very soon. And if we can do it discreetly enough, I'll discuss some kind of return engagement, if you like, but it won't at all soon. But thank you for even wanting to greet me with a kiss this morning." I hesitated. "What time do you have to be here, mornings? And is that somehow due to your transfer over here?"
She smiled at me, big, so apparently she didn't feel I was going all cold on her after having my way with her, so to speak. "I'm here from 4:00 through 8:00, and I have kitchen or housekeeping shifts later, too. And yes, that's why I don't get much sleep. Someone has to be here, though. And by the way, I really would like to discuss an encore with you, when we can do it discreetly. You'll see me serving, sometimes, so when you're ready, say something. And if you keep getting up at this beastly hour, you'll have plenty of chance here, too."
As we headed for the outside door, Jenny looked at me. "Miss Macgregor said, if I understood her, that someone like her could slip into your room some night. I'm not sure whether I should discourage you so that you can get some sleep, or encourage you so that Sam and I can get some sleep. But either way, you were really good to her—you always are to everyone—and so you've got another one for your list."
We went out, not more than a couple of minutes early this time. We stretched quickly, and started running. Jenny set a fast pace, by our standards. "We need to get back to weights, too, but not today. Maybe tomorrow." We ran and talked, but without discussing it we stopped when we probably could have squeezed in one more lap. "You'd better be planning at least a quickie in the shower," she told me.
"I am." We grabbed what we needed. I needed to swing by my own room for some clean clothes, as well as class materials to study, when we went out to breakfast.
Our shower was pretty minimal in terms of washing. I took her up against the wall, again, and Jenny managed to come twice before I did. That is, I managed to last through her first. So we were both feeling a little less deprived when we went out for breakfast. We were early enough that I did swing by my own room, in the boys' wing, and bring back clothes and my study materials, and Jenny took the clothes to her room, or maybe Sam's, before the signal for serving. I hurried through collecting food, paying more attention to portion sizes I was being given. A whole extra Belgian waffle, for one. And I found that one of the toppings the waffles came with, for me, was ice cream, and I had no idea how that was managed. I was pretty sure no one else got that. Yummy, but if I didn't watch out I would be too fat to run.
Sam was there for breakfast, looking fresher than Jenny looked and I felt. I pulled her into my lap and kissed her, before I started eating. She looked as yummy as the ice cream, to me.
We stayed in the cafeteria to study. There were a lot of others doing the same. Studying with your partner had apparently become popular. We managed to find a fairly isolated table. We did study, very productively as it happened, but we spent some time discussing the problem of sleep.
We agreed that, barring unforeseen demands on our time, we were going to get ready for bed an hour before curfew—when it was the three of us, anyway. This would cut time out of the after-supper study period, and we might not be able to keep it up. We wanted to be able to keep up occasional extra-curricular activities, me with either one of them, or with our study partners, or occasionally with some extras—from my list, basically. We agreed that we would all be open to nights with no sex, and that if this proved too difficult with physical proximity, I would sleep in my own room by myself, when necessary. None of us wanted that—we all treasured just sleeping together, sex or no sex—but we agreed on it anyway. We agreed that if I had overnights with others from my list, and we all thought I should sometimes, my sleep was my responsibility then, but that I should let the girls go to bed early on those occasions, not waiting for curfew. And we agreed that we would try to make sure that our closer friends, at least, all knew we were going to be aiming for our own curfew, in effect.
That Sunday, we all three got assignments wrapped up through Wednesday. Of course, we would get more, but we thought this was pretty amazing.
At lunch, we did tell our friends who were sitting with us about our plans for our new daily schedule. Everyone who was seriously partnered was struggling with the same problem we were, too few hours in the day—and night. It wasn't as if we hadn't previously had enough to keep us very busy, and it wasn't as if we hadn't had a little time for extra-curricular activities—other ones—before the gym game and before our hands-on sex ed class. But earlier extra-curricular activities could mostly be relegated to odd hours on the weekends or after studying was wrapped up. I wasn't the only one finding that the relationship of being partners wouldn't work that way.
Had it been merely a matter of a quickie every day or two, that might have been handled the same way, and some people apparently could keep things at that level. But a lot of us wanted something more and different. I know my two and I did. The sex had been the doorway into something more important, and we would rather limit the sex, a lot, than lose that.
In my case, I had twice as much need for time for relationship as well as sex. And along with a good number of others, I had more than just my partners wanting a piece of my time, a few just for sex but most for a relationship beyond that. If Jenny and Sam hadn't been the kind of girls they were, I would have had screaming fights and jealousy taking my time, too.
As lunch was wrapping up, Barbara Wilson came up, with Nancy in tow as usual, to ask for a little time that afternoon. To talk, she made clear. Jenny and Sam and I collected dishes to take back, and we all went to Barbara's room as soon as the signal sounded to make me legal.
Barbara gave me a hug as soon as we got in. "Mostly, I wanted to tell you where some things are with me, because you've made it plain you care. It involves something you said Wednesday. You know, I told you I'd like an occasional time with you, that I thought it would help me, um, be ready at some points in the future, if sex with some man or other seemed appropriate or even necessary, so I could at least relax and enjoy it. And then, well, you know I enjoyed it with you, maybe even as much as other girls do.
"I think it's not that I think of boys, even you, the way I do girls. But you, well, after you were so nice to me the first time, and especially after the second time, well, when I think about you I get a little bit of a thrill. I think it's still going to be girls that normally turn me on, but you in particular probably will, too, any time. And that's why when you caught me I was ready from the start. The moment you were chosen as my partner I started looking forward to it. And you made it wonderful again.
"That's really all I had to say. Except thank you, and, again, when you get your list working keep me on it, please."
I thought a moment. "The more I look at how I'm going to do this, the less I see any way to do it and keep it at all even. I think my list is going to serve more as a reminder so I just don't forget anyone completely than any real scheduling tool. But I need information now. The last time Jenny and Sam set things up with you for me, Jenny gave me a go with you when she was expecting one, and then Nancy got the night from Sam. And I'm still just beginning to figure out how nights can work, because we all, all of us with regular partners anyway, are finding that the nights are too short for sex and enough sleep both. But I really, really am hoping I can make it work for nights with someone, getting to bed early enough for sex, and a quickie either before we run or in the shower, maybe both. Usually Jenny and Sam, but maybe once or twice a week with someone else.
"Barbara, you're a special case. You've said you'd like sex, with me, sometimes. Is sex, then this guy in your bed all night, and some kind of quickie or quickies in the morning something you'd want? Or is just an occasional hour during the afternoon or early evening, or on a weekend, is that more what you want?"
"That's an easy one. Even if the sex part weren't turning out to be so good, having someone, someone I feel about the way I do you, there to be with me all night sounds like heaven. Even with these ridiculously small beds. Add in some amount of what's likely to be really good sex, and I'm going to start thinking how to kidnap you so you're there every night! Please put me in that part of the list!
"I never would have expected this, but Phil, I'm in love with you, too. Probably not as much as these two and some others, OK. But it's not this boy, who happens to be Phil. It's Phil, who is wonderful but happens to be a boy.
"And I promised you I wouldn't take much of your time, and look at me. You guys get going. Have a really great afternoon and night, whichever of you it is, but still get enough sleep." She had a really big smile as she said that. "If it works out a lot better for you, I'll share nights with Nancy, but I really would like my own. And I think she'll say the same. And I think I need to shut up." She and Nancy both gave the girls hugs and kisses on the cheek, and me slightly longer hugs and kisses on the mouth.
We went back to Jenny's room and worked hard. As I told you, we wrapped up assignments through Wednesday, and we read and thought ahead for most of our classes. That can turn out to be wasted work, or sometimes the most valuable thing you do.
As agreed, we stopped early, visited the lavatory, and I made sure I had clothes and stuff I would need for class in Sam's room, and we checked me out of Jenny's room and in to Sam's, with the monitor, all of this by an hour before curfew. I was pretty sure Jenny hadn't had opportunity to run down Jim or anyone else, as I kissed her goodnight before Sam and I went into her room.
Sam was feeling fresher than I was, but she was going to run when Jenny and I did. We decided on a quickie to put us to sleep, and we did keep it quick, but Sam somehow managed to come too.



Revision: 5/1/2019