We had been walking for about 30 minutes when we saw our first nudist. It was a lovely summer morning and as we walked away from the town of Zandvoort, the number of people on the beach reduced. We then saw the sign that advised visitors that they were likely to see naked people after this point; we smiled at each other realising that we'd found the place we were looking for. My girlfriend Saskia and I had been to naked spas around our home city of Amsterdam many times, but this was the first time we'd ventured out to be naked in public.
We both have exhibitionist tendencies, and during our love making had fantasised about going to a swingers club. We both liked the idea of being watched when we were fucking and wandered what it would be like to watch others. But because of corona, the clubs were closed, so we decided a day at the beach might be fun.
We walked on further, past a few beach pavilions and some kite surfers before deciding to find a place to settle. I was drawn to the dunes beside the beach, telling Saskia that it would be out of the wind. Although the forecast was for a hot day, there was still a chilly wind off the North Sea. I also hoped that a little more privacy might mean we end up getting frisky, but had omitted to provide that additional explanation to Saskia. I was also desperate to pee and had been since we left Amsterdam. This provided a point of focus to find somewhere to quickly to allow me to take a swim and relieve myself.
As we walked, we saw the beginnings of low grassy sand dune that stretched for a couple of hundred metres or so rising up from the beach. Behind it and stretching endlessly in each direction were some much higher dunes that rose skywards and inland. These sand dunes ran the length of the Dutch coast. As an important part of the flood defences of the country, they were fenced off to ensure that they couldn't be eroded by too many visitors, and were a feature of the Dutch costal landscape.
"Any ideas, Nicky?", Saskia asked me as we looked for a likely spot.
"Maybe the best thing to do is to walk in there?" I suggested, pointing at the low sand dune. "We could stroll along the top till we find somewhere we like?" I pointed to an obvious path that led to the start of the sand ridge.
She agreed so we walked upwards, our bare feet making squeaking noises as we pressed our toes into the sand to aid our ascent. As we got to the top, we surveyed our surroundings and noticed lots of little hidey holes amongst the grasses. This, I thought, was exactly where we needed to be.
"What do you recon?" I asked.
"Over there, a bit further?" replied Saskia, pointing into the middle of the low dune area.
"Yeah, makes sense," I replied, hoping and praying that today would be a day to remember.
We walked down into a little sand valley, looking for a good spot. As we walked we saw some naked bodies, a sight which relaxed me into realising that we were in the right area and also emboldened me to get naked as soon as I could.
The first clearing in the grass had a couple in it. They were sat up and snacking on drinks and nibbles. He was built, if a little chubby and slightly older than his girlfriend. She, on the other hand, was quite beautiful. Probably in her early 20's she had a gym toned-body and pert breasts. The chill of the morning breeze left her nipples invitingly hard. She was sitting cross-legged on their picnic blanket, leaning back on one arm as she sipped. I could see that she was hairless, and the way she was seated left nothing to the imagination.
She smiled as we passed, calling a friendly "Goedemorgen" to us. The rolled, guttural 'g's and the silent 'd' in her greeting told me that they were 'echt' or 'real' Amsterdammers. Although Dutch was my second language, I had lived in the country long enough to be able to pick out city-dwellers and had myself deliberately curated a coarse inner-city drawl.
Saskia stuck up a conversation with the woman, who I later found out to be called Femke, replying with a friendly "Prachtige dag, hoor?". I grinned: as a southerner, Saskia's soft g's contrasted starkly with Femke's who sounded like she was clearing particularly troublesome phlegm from her throat every time she opened her mouth.
I smiled as they chatted but was weighed down with a backpack full of provisions and a bladder that was fit to burst. Having introduced myself, I said I needed to go pee. Femke giggled, as Jan replied to my comment, "As long as you don't pee on me, you can go anywhere", he said, waving his hands around indiscriminately.
"Well, Nicky," said Saskia, "maybe not anywhere. I mean, I am sure that Femke would object if she saw your dick when you were peeing." Saskia was laughing as she said this, and followed on by saying, "wouldn't you Femke?"
Femke smiled and said nothing. By now they had switched to English to help me out, but it was clear that the pause in conversation had nothing to do with any language barrier; Femke had a little twinkle in her eye and Jan was smiling a cheeky grin.
I left them laughing as I walked off, telling Saskia I was planning to find a place for us to lie before coming back. I could hear the girls chatting away in Dutch as I walked on. The next little clearing had a single guy in it. He was down low just off the crest of the dune, so was positioned very close to where I was walking. He was lying naked on a large rainbow coloured beach towel and was fisting his hard cock quite openly. I felt a little surprised at what I saw; my British upbringing meant that sometimes I struggled a little with the openness of Dutch society.
I have to admit to being a little fascinated, so paused a little to check him out. He had a great body -- lean muscles and a strong frame. I was guessing that he must be close to 2m tall, and he was clearly a committed nudist since there wasn't a hint of a tan line on his body. The other thing that made me stop was his cock. Although hetro, I admire good looking cocks. I invariably watch porn where there are several guys involved in the action and get turned on watching nice thick veiny cocks being sucked, wanked and played with. Another fantasy that Saskia and I play out when we're intimate is frottage, where she sucks and wanks me and another guy at the same time. She gets off on the idea of me and another guy lying on our backs, legs interlocked and cocks touching so she can suck us both before mounting both of us. She comes hard, groaning like a whore as she imagines her being penetrated by two cocks at the same time.
I could feel my cock start to tent my shorts as I imagined me and this guy being serviced by Saskia. I had gone out without briefs, on the basis that they weren't needed on a naked beach. Saskia noticed this on the train from Amsterdam and had cheekily slid her hand up the leg of my shorts to rub me. In fact, this was why I needed to pee so badly, she was pleasuring me so nicely, it distracted me from my need to take a leak.
I felt myself wondering what it would be like to watch Saskia pleasure this guy. He was masturbating himself with one fist on top of the other, and despite having big hands, there was a good 5cm of cock sticking out, suggesting dick that was extra-large.
As I was about to walk off, he opened his eyes and looked right at me. Rather than being embarrassed that he'd been caught wanking, he looked down at his cock, licking his lips whilst continuing to play with himself. I wasn't sure what to do -- whether to watch or walk off. I looked back, wondering where Saskia was, but she was nowhere to be seen. My need to pee overwhelmed any other option, so I smiled and walked on, thinking that maybe Saskia and I could return later to see if he was into some fun.
About 10m further on, I found what looked like the perfect place. It was up a little from the path and was big enough for two people. It was also out the wind and was bathed in sunlight. I dropped our stuff and decided to strip naked before finding somewhere to pee. Throwing the picknick blanket open, I tossed down the backpack and threw my shoes and socks down before pulling off my T-shirt and shorts. I looked down, glad that the nascent erection had subsided, but smiled at the fact that my cock still looked pleasingly long.
I took a few short steps across the dune, expecting to find a quiet space on the other side to relieve myself. What I actually saw was something completely different. Less than 3 or 4m in front of me was a couple going at it. He was lying flat on the ground and she was sitting on top of him, reverse cowgirl, grinding her pussy into his face. He was clearly enjoying being dominated by her. She had pinned his arms down with her legs and was using him like a sex toy, masturbating herself against his mouth and moaning with pleasure. Although his dick was rock hard, it was being ignored. She alternated between pinching her nipples and reaching round to force his head hard between her legs.
I sat down quickly so that I could get a good look, wondering whether I could ride my luck and watch for a while without being noticed. I found myself rubbing my cock as I spied on them, feeling myself swell and grow as I enjoyed the show. I was also caught between my horniness and my need to pee, but also knowing that it's impossible to take a leak with a hard on. In the end I focussed on the couple, running my hand freely over my hairless cock and balls as they fornicated.
She then sat up and shuffled forward, still in reverse cowgirl, readying herself to mount his dick. As she changed her position, something caught her eye. I followed her gaze and saw a guy watching the two of them whilst he fisted himself. She smiled and waved, before grabbing her boyfriend's cock and lifting her body up to mount him. She spat on her hand, slicking up his cock with her spittle before inching his cock head toward her glistening wet labia. I could see her eyes crimp as she sunk onto him. It has to be said that her boyfriend had a pretty small cock -- perhaps only 10cm or so. As she him in, she maintained eye contact with the voyeur, a self-satisfied smile passing her lips as she took him inside her to the hilt and focussed on pleasuring herself by rubbing her clit.
This got me raging, and so I continued to fist myself as I watched, cursing my full bladder for distracting me. I was then aware of someone beside me, and then saw that the guy who had been fisting himself earlier on the rainbow towel. He sat right next to me and smiled cheekily.
"Nice view, hey?" he said, as his hands reached down so that he could fist his dick.
The girl in the centre of the action looked in our direction, making a point of exaggerating the rubbing her clit as she held our gaze. She was moaning, almost theatrically, mouth open and her eyes reduced to slits of pleasure as she fucked her boyfriend. A broad smile spread right across her face as her head flicked back once in a 'come here' motion to the two of us and then to the voyeur on her other side of her.
The guys needed no second bidding, hopping up quickly to join the action. I was torn: I wanted to join in, but was conscious that it would be cheating on my girlfriend. So, I remained sitting, wanking myself as the two other guys moved forward.
The girl slowed down her fucking so she could concentrate on the two newcomers. She took a cock in either hand and started to slowly and lasciviously wank them. She then took one of the guys by the balls, pulling him towards her so she could suck him. He shuffled forwards, legs bent in ecstasy as she eased back his foreskin and played around his glans with her tongue. She then switched her attention to the other guy, peeling back his foreskin and licking him. She was smiling and laughing as she did this, enjoying being the centre of so much attention, and being slutty in front of her boyfriend.
She looked over again to me and asked, "are you joining us?"
In reply I kneeled up from where I was sitting, as much as anything to show her that I appreciated the show that she was laying on. My cock was hard and throbbing and it felt good to feel the sun on it. The gentle breeze hardened my nipples and the slight chill had pulled my balls tight against my body. She took the cock she was sucking out of her mouth so that she could smile, kissing it as a broad grin lit up her face.
"I'd love to," I said, "but I am desperate to pee, plus my girlfriend is here."
At that a wicked smile lit up her face. "Pee here, if you want to!" she said, pointing at her tits.
Before I could respond, she flipped herself around so that she was now no longer reverse-cowgirl but was in the standard girls-on-top position. The guys shuffled round so that her man then got a front-row view of her wanking and sucking the other two guys. They were standing either side of her, and she pulled them closer until she could wank both their cocks with one hand. This also allowed her to take both their cocks in her mouth at the same time and suck them for all she was worth. Her spare hand found its way down to her clitoris, adding to her pleasure.
It was deliciously hot to watch, and I fisted myself some more as I surveyed the scene. I could hear her groaning as she slurped on the dicks of these perfect strangers. As she sucked, she started to build a new rhythm on her boyfriend's cock, sliding her clit across his pubic bone to maximise her pleasure. Her boyfriend tried to reach out to touch her, but she responded by grabbing his arms and slamming them back down against the sand.
I wanted to get closer to the action so stood up. She pointed to the ground near her boyfriend's head, so I walked two or three steps forward, ending up with my feet either side of his head beside his ears. She worked the other two guy's cocks some more, fisting and sucking them skilfully as she fingered her clit and fucked her boyfriend.
The two guys were buckling with pleasure, enjoying the attention of a pro. Her salacious hunger for cock was being sated by the four guys had under her spell. With the two cocks face fucking her, she had a trail of saliva running out of her mouth. She used this to wet her fingers, running them across my frenulum as I stood rock hard in front of her. I pursed my lips, giving her a finger wag to signal that she'd gone far enough and withdrew a step or two telling her, "I've got a girlfriend."
She nodded, then wet her fingers before sliding her hands under the balls of the guys, reaching for their bum holes. I could see the focussed, dirty look in her eye as she started to finger fuck her boys as they face fucked her. Her moans, despite being muffled by two meaty cocks, were clearly audible as she pleasured herself closer to orgasm on her hapless boyfriend. It was obvious that the grinding of her clit on his pubic bone was the one way she'd found to get pleasure from a man with a small cock.
I could see that the boys were ready to shoot. Their eyes closed, their heads thrown back in ecstasy as her skilled fingers homed in on their prostrates. Her eyes glaze as the first guy increased his hip thrusting and started to unload in her mouth. She moaned louder, fingering them for all she is worth, and her head starts to blur as she ups the tempo of her cock sucking.
The first guy grunts as he spasms a big load of cum into her mouth and across her face. This sets the other guy off who is wanked and sucked to orgasm by this champion cock pleaser. I watch as the two of them unleash almighty loads into her mouth, groaning in ecstasy as they shoot ropes of cum inside her and across her face. At they unload, she takes their cocks out of her mouth so that she can fist them to completion, ensuring that her face and tits get covered in man juice. Squeezing their cocks dry, she makes eye contact with her studs as she gives their cocks each a final kiss and lick. She's laughing and thanking them as she does this, before she turns her attention to me. She reaches out with her cum covered hand to pull my cock towards her mouth. I look down and see that in addition to having cum all over her hands, she has some on her mouth, and more cum running down her breasts.
I smile and tell her again, "not without my girlfriend, I'm really sorry."
"Well, piss then," she says in reply. "You said you needed to, so now's your chance, piss for me, clean this dirty cum off my body!"
Pissing on someone is one of those fantasies I've had for a long time, but have never been brave enough to fulfil. I love the idea of peeing over her body, so nod in agreement, closing my eyes and focussing on my bladder. I'm trying hard to think away my boner so that I can start pissing. In a few seconds, eyes closed and focussing on road kill, I have managed to stop most of the throbbing. A slow trickle of piss comes out my cock, and I feel instant relief. My bladder is full to bursting, so the joy I get from relaxing enough to pee is overwhelming. I'm trying hard to focus on peeing but am getting turned on by what I'm doing. Pissing on a perfect stranger whilst she fucks her boyfriend was certainly not on the agenda when we cycled to the train station this morning. The dirtiness of it gets my cock raging again, so the flow dries up. I focus hard once more, enjoying the relief of letting go before I'm again distracted by my raging horniness.
Eventually I manage to sustain a decent stream, at which point she takes over my cock, using the liquid to clean herself. She runs pee over her chest, cleaning her left breast and left hand, before swapping over to clean her right breast and right hand.
She is still on top of her boyfriend but he's no longer inside her. In fact, she's chastising him as she rubs her clit and labia on his semi-hard member.
"What the fuck use is this, lover boy?" she asks as she holds his cock and tries to insert it. "Can't you stay hard for five fucking minutes? No wonder I need to find cock elsewhere you dweeb. Look, I've even got to use his piss to clean their cum off me!"
Sure enough, my piss is washing the other two guys' loads off her and onto him. She uses her hand to swish the cum off her body as she talks. The fluid is running down her before splashing all over his chest, stomach and cock. I'm looking down at him, enjoying his humiliation as she points my cock directly at his body so that a stream of piss dances in patterns over his stomach.
She's now shuffled back a little so she can take his cock in her hand. My bladder seems to have a life of its own now and much to everyone's surprise, my pee is still flowing freely. She's now masturbating his cock and aiming a stream of my piss all over it.
"Look at that tiny cock!" she says. "Look at it! And look at you covered in piss! You call yourself a real man? How the fuck can I ever expect to be satisfied by a little cock like this?"
She had a point; his cock was pencil thin, resembling the first asparagus of the season. Someone had butchered his circumcision leaving his tiny cock head out of shape. And whilst she's been careful not to get any pee above her neck, she's not affording the same courtesy to her man. My pee is landing on his chest and splashing across his face. She directs the stream up his body, increasing the splash-back landing on his head. But far from telling her to stop, he seems to be finding the whole situation pleasurable. His eyes shut tightly and he squirms and buckles under her as she fists his cock with one hand and directs the jet of pee ever higher over his chest, up his neck and then across his chin.
She points my dick higher and as the pee starts to steam across his face, he starts to come. It was one of those blink-and-you've-missed-it ejaculations. Two little spurts of cum pump in quick succession out of his tiny cock head. When she notices, she quickly washes away his ejaculate with a stream of my pee.
"That's it? That's fucking it?" she screams. "Is that all you've got, Jesus fucking Christ, is that it?"
It was clear this was a game they'd played before, and one they both enjoy. He smiles, keeping his eyes closed to shut out some of the humiliation that he's feeling about coming prematurely as his girlfriend washed two loads of cum off his body with jets of piss from a random stranger.
After I finish peeing, she squeezes my cock, signalling the end of her game. She then leans forward to give my cock a little kiss before dismounting her boyfriend and picking up a towel to clean her chest. By this stage the other two guys had fucked off and I also took this as my opportunity to also make an exit.