This story is the seventh in a series. One of my failings as a writer is that I tend to fall in love with my characters and am reluctant to let them go. I hope that you find my characters as interesting as I do. I recommend reading the prior "New Family Rules" stories in order because this story is a continuation of those. Any similarities to any real person or entity are entirely coincidental. Whether you like the story or loathe it, comments are welcome. All characters are at least 18 years of age.
*****
The interview which Amanda and I gave to the student daily ran on the Monday after the first weekend of "A Prisoner of Herself." I was neither surprised nor offended that the piece focused primarily on Amanda. She's a lot more interesting than I am. Along with the story, they ran a picture of Amanda's face that came far enough down to show bare shoulders. The implication was, I thought, that Amanda was nude for the picture. She wasn't. The picture caption was "You can see a lot more of freshman Amanda Turner at the Wallace Theater this Thursday through Sunday." Amanda's comment was, "well, it's true."
Amanda did get a few very rude e-mails after the interview was published. We were prepared for that and were surprised that there weren't more. Since they all came through the University's e-mail system, we reported them all.
One e-mail, however, piqued our interest. It came from Melissa Stein at a student e-mail address. The e-mail said, "You were very positive spokespeople for naturism in your interview. Kevin Bach and I host a group of student naturists at our apartment at 7:00 p.m. every Thursday. We know you're busy this Thursday but would love to have you join us when you can." It gave an off-campus address. The e-mail was interesting because we assumed that we weren't the only students who enjoy going nude and wanted to meet like-minded people. Of course, we couldn't be sure that the e-mail was legitimate.
Our first filter was to have me respond to the e-mail. If it was legitimate, a response from a guy wouldn't be a problem for the sender. If it was some scheme, we thought a response from me would probably be the end of it. Melissa responded to me almost immediately, giving a fuller description of their get-togethers. One item she mentioned made us both feel better: "no alcohol." Not that Amanda or I don't drink, but it increased our willingness to go to a strange apartment and get naked with strangers.
Monday, I got an e-mail from Kevin Bach: "Mel and I saw your show Friday. Can't say either of us liked the play. However, it was obvious that you and Amanda were enjoying yourselves. We hope that you can join us Thursday night."
Recognizing that there was some risk, Amanda and I decided to go to the Thursday meeting. It was staying light later, so it was not dark when we went into an older converted house on a residential street a few blocks west of campus. We went upstairs and, a few minutes after 7:00 p.m., knocked on the door bearing the number we'd been told.
The door was answered by a very small woman with wavy, shoulder-length black hair. "Hi," she said. "You must be Amanda and Harry. I'm Mel. Please, come in." We felt better because Mel was nude. She led us into a small room with a sofa, an old armchair, a table made from a plank across two small crates, and some folding metal chairs. About a dozen people, seemingly evenly split between male and female, were crowded into the room. They were all nude.
A very slender man stepped into the room from another room. "Hi," he said, "I'm Kevin Bach. Glad you could make it. There's popcorn and soft drinks in the kitchen," he added, gesturing in the direction he'd come from.
Melissa said, "If you like, you can undress now, and I'll put your clothes in the bedroom. Or, you can stay clothed and undress whenever you're comfortable." Everyone seemed so friendly that Amanda and I decided to strip right away.
While Melissa was putting our clothes in another room, there was another knock on the door. Kevin answered the door and said, "Hey Dani, Clark; glad you could make it." A tall woman with short, light brown hair walked into the room followed by a tall, slender man.
I assumed that "Dani" was the woman. She looked around the room and her eyes settled on us. "You're Amanda Turner and Harry Stone," she said. We nodded. "We saw the play a week ago Saturday," the woman said. "That must have been so much fun for the two of you. I envy you. I'm Danielle Shorr, Dani for short. This," she said pointing at the man with her, "is Clark Tewes. I'd love to talk to you guys about that play. Let us get our clothes off though."
Given that the people in the room had watched Amanda and me strip, I didn't think I was violating any norms watching Dani Shorr undress. She attracted your attention, but I can't say that she was beautiful. First, Dani was a large woman, and I don't mean fat. She was slightly taller than I am and had broad shoulders. Her face was angular, with a prominent, square chin and very sharp cheekbones. While she looked very friendly when she smiled, I suspected that her face might look hard in repose. As she undressed, it was obvious that she lifted. While she wasn't exactly the female bodybuilder look, her muscles were larger and much more defined than even very fit women I knew, like Amanda. Clark was also very defined. However, in contrast to Dani, he had the look of a distance runner, which I learned that he was as we got to know them.
Kevin took Dani's and Clark's clothes and went in the back. Dani and Clark weaved through the group and stood next to Amanda and me. There wasn't room for everyone to sit down. Melissa had come back into the room and announced, "now that everyone's here, we can get started." The next hour sounded much like some club meetings I'd attended in high school, complete with discussion of whether the group could or should do any fundraising. What I mainly took away from the meeting was that there was a national park on the lakeshore in Indiana where the group sunbathed and skinny dipped without any hassle, but it didn't look like the weather would be good enough to do that until during exam weeks. The group planned an outing for just after the start of school the coming August. Except for the fact that everyone was naked, it could have been a meeting of a birdwatching club.
People started dressing as soon as the business part of the meeting ended. I quickly figured out that was because the apartment was so small that only two or three people could get dressed at a time. We walked out with Dani and Clark. Dani said, "We didn't get to, but I'd still like to talk to you about the play. Being up there completely exposed must have been so much fun!"
Clark said, with a laugh, "you have to excuse Danielle. She likes to have people see her naked."
"You like it when people look at me," Dani said to Clark, "and you like having people see you."
"Guilty on both counts," Clark laughed.
"What did you think about the group?" Dani asked.
Amanda looked at me. "It seemed," I said, "a little dry."
"You mean that you thought that a room full of naked people might be less boring than an accounting class?" Clark said.
"Basically," I replied.
Dani said, "Mel and Kev are very much into the AANR 'nudity doesn't involve sexuality' approach. I understand why: they're trying to get social nudity more widely accepted, which is a good thing."
"What is your attitude?" Amanda asked.
Dani smiled. "Well, I agree that nudity isn't automatically sexual. But I'm standing there with my tits and my pubes out there for everyone to see. If I glance left or right, there's a bare dick within arm's reach. It isn't automatically sexual, but it can sure get sexual and, depending on who's involved, I'm all for that."
Clark asked rhetorically, "You understand why I like her so much?"
Dani laughed. "Don't be fooled by Clark," she said. "He doesn't like me. He's desperately in love with me." Both Dani and Clark laughed. We were outside an older apartment building about a block off-campus. Dani said, "This is our stop. I still want to talk. Can you guys do lunch tomorrow? Say 12:30 at the sandwich shop?"
I looked at Amanda who nodded affirmatively. "Sure," I said.
"Great!" Clark responded. "See you then."
"I'm looking forward to it, "Dani added.
Dani and Clark went inside the building. Amanda and I kept walking towards her dorm. "What did you think about tonight?" I asked.
"I agree that the meeting at Melissa and Kevin's was boring, but I'd like to stay in touch with those people. Maybe there are others who are like Dani and Clark," Amanda said.
"That was my next question," I said. "What did you think of Dani and Clark?"
Amanda smiled. "I think they may be a lot like us. I'd like to get to know them better and find out."
We met Dani and Clarke for lunch the next day. We did the standard "get to know you" conversation. In this context, the conversation included how we were introduced to nudism. Amanda and I recounted how we'd each been introduced to going nude within our families by our parents during the summer before our senior year of high school.
Dani's story was interesting. "I basically backed into nudism from being an exhibitionist," she said. "Dad was something of a disciplinarian. If he thought you were really bad, your punishment was a bare-ass spanking. Several times as I was growing up, I had to bare my ass and bend over his knee. It hurt and the only people there to see me were my mother and my younger sister Amelia. Still, I got off on the idea of them seeing my bare ass and my cunt once I bent over. I started reading about people going without clothes. Nude beaches and skinny-dipping sounded cool to me. There was a lake in a county park close to where we lived. In the summers, I'd hike up there to the wooded side of the lake, strip off, and swim naked. I loved it so much! I'll never understand why people insist on wearing swimsuits. Ugh. There was a public beach on the other side of the lake, and I know people saw me sometimes. That just made it more fun! Junior year, I started dating a guy whom I talked into going naked with me. Being naked with someone else is much better than being alone."
Dani took a few bites of her salad. She looked at Amanda and me like there was more she wanted to say but wasn't sure if she should. Finally, she smiled and continued. "Acting like a mainstream nudist, or naturist, never cured me of my exhibitionism. To me, the two seem complimentary. About three and a half years ago, my desire to be exposed got the better of me. My parents had company in, several couples they knew. I was dressed up in a very short dress like I was going out, although I really wasn't. I came downstairs and Dad said something about being home by 11:00. I turned on him and called him every name in the book. I was counting on getting him angry enough that he' d spank me then and there. He did. With their guests watching, he had me pull up the hem of my dress and wrap it around my waist. Then, he made me take off my panties and bend over his knees. I spread my legs apart as far as I could. Dad's spanks hurt, and I got grounded for a couple of weeks, but it was worth it. When he finished, I ran back upstairs to my room, put some cream on my ass, got a toy out, and got myself off twice just thinking about how the people downstairs had seen my bare ass and cunt."
Dani sipped her Coke. When she finished, she said, "That's not the end of the story. My sister Amelia had been there for my spanking. She came up to my room. She told me that she'd followed me a few times when Cliff, my boyfriend, and I had gone skinny-dipping. She said that she'd wanted to join us but thought that I'd send her home. She said that watching me get spanked bare ass in front of our parents' friends was the sexiest thing she'd ever seen and that she wished it had been her instead of me. I'm not sure she felt that way the whole time I was grounded, but, that night, I pulled out a toy for her. It was hot as hell getting myself off for a third time while I watched Amelia get herself off while she watched me."
Clark repeated what he'd said the night before: "You understand why I like Dani so much?" Clark said that he'd never gone nude in public before he got to the University and met Dani. "There's something about her that's very magnetic," Clark said. "She was very upfront that going nude and showing off are important parts of her life and, if I wanted a chance with her, I'd have to do it too. I figured it was a small price to pay to get close to Dani. I've come to enjoy it also."
Amanda and I didn't have to say anything to each other. We both knew that Dani and Clark were our kind of people. As much as we could with exams weeks coming up, we got together with them and the four of us got naked.
We were having lunch with Dani and Clark on the Saturday between the first and second weeks of exams. Dani asked what Amanda and I were doing over the Summer. "We're both going hoe to work for my Dad," Amanda said. "I'll work in the office helping with the books and Harry will be out in the field."
"Any chance you can get June 23-25 off and come to Wisconsin?" Dani asked. "That's a Tuesday through Thursday."
"Why?" I asked.
Dani got a slightly naughty smile. "There's rich guy who owns a software company with about 200 employees in a suburb just outside Milwaukee. My parents know him. Every year in June, he takes over a country club and has a party for his employees and their spouses/dates. Adults only. He does something for the kids around the Holidays. Anyway, like I said, he takes over the country club. Their staff gets a paid day off and he provides his own people. The club has a huge pool and he told Mom that he's looking for lifeguards."
Getting ahead of things, I said, "I'm not sure we want to go all the way to Milwaukee for a day of lifeguarding. Besides, I'm not certified."
"Harry, please let me finish," Dani said. "I know this guy's wife a little. I'm not sure why, but she used to come to most of our high school lacrosse games. Maybe she played in college. Anyway, I called her. What they want is six people to lifeguard in the nude, three girls and three guys. It gets better. The other people there will be clothed. His employees and their guests will be in swimsuits all day. The people he's bringing in to serve food and drinks must be clothed because of the health department rules. So, the six lifeguards will be nude but everyone else around the pool will be clothed."
"You're doing it?" I asked.
"Yeah," Dani said, "Clark and me and my little sister and her boyfriend. You up for it?"
I looked at Amanda, who was smiling. "I'm sure Dad will give us the time off if he knows why we want it," she said.
"The event starts at 10:00 a.m. on the 24th," Dani said. "I figured you take the 23rd to get to Milwaukee. You can stay over with us that night and the next and go home on the 25th."
I looked at Amanda, who said, "Sure. Why not? It sounds like fun."
Mr. Turner had given us jobs for the summer. Amanda worked in the office helping with the bookkeeping, which can get tricky for a construction company. I was out in the field. Basically, I was Mr. Turner's snitch. My job was to go around to the jobsites and make sure that the actual work, job progress, crew sizes, hours, and the like, matched what our superintendents and the subcontractors were reporting. I was a little surprised at how often reality and the reports didn't match.
Grades came about three weeks after we got home for the summer. To no one's surprise, Amanda did quite well: 3.95 GPA on a four point oh scale. To everyone's surprise, including my own, I had a 3.8 GPA for freshman year. To my disappointment, neither my sister Gwen nor Meryl came home for the summer. Gwen had acquired what seemed like a serious boyfriend, a guy named Phil Conlan from New York. Phil wanted to be a doctor, his parents were both doctors, and one of them had gotten Phil a summer job in the City working in a hospital lab. Gwen had decided that she wanted to be a writer and was interning with a national magazine in New York, I suspected to stay close to Phil.
Meryl was more interesting. She was a little vague about it but told us that she had started doing some modeling at school in Providence. I gathered that some photographer she'd met had convinced her that she might have a future as a model. I could buy that. She was certainly beautiful enough and had a firm, athletic body. Modeling sounded more interesting to me than the mathematics which were her major. At any rate, the photographer had asked Meryl to come to Newport for the summer to work on "portfolio material." I was disappointed not to see her but hoped that she was having fun.
Amanda and I had both told our parents about Dani's invitation to Wisconsin to spend a day as nude lifeguards. Mr. and Mrs. Turner and Mom and Dad were all enthusiastic about the idea and, perhaps, even a bit envious. Mr. Turner insisted that Amanda and I fly to Milwaukee at his expense. Dani and Clark met us at Mitchell International Airport.
Clark was from Cleveland, but he was spending the summer in Milwaukee assisting some folks at UW studying the Great Lakes. The Lakes were one of Clark's passions and he had this "design your own" major, which the University allowed, focused on studying the Lakes, the people who lived near them, and how the two interacted. Of course, being in Milwaukee also let Clark spend the summer with Dani.
Dani and Clark gave us a quick tour of Milwaukee. I have to say that I was impressed. We spent the evening just sitting around nude in Clark's apartment. After we'd finished our pizza, Clark said, "Well, Amanda, Harry, tomorrow you'll get to meet Amelia."
Dani added, "Amelia's the beautiful one in the family. She's also become quite the exhibitionist. She was a cheerleader for football. This past year was her senior year. I made it up for one game. She had her tights worked into her ass like a thong under that short cheerleading skirt. She was a diver in the winter. I didn't get to any of her meets, but I've seen photos. She'd wear one of those high-cut suits and work the back of it into the crack of her ass with a blatant camel toe in front. I'm surprised that she didn't get into trouble with the school, but she's a very good student, and Dad has a lot of clout. For all of her showing off, tomorrow will be the first time she's gone completely nude in front of a group of strangers."
"What about her boyfriend?" I asked.
"Matt?" Dani said rhetorically. "Matt was a receiver on the high school football team. He's a nice guy. Amelia started going out with him last summer and started him skinny-dipping. My guess is that he's scared to death about tomorrow, but he'll do anything Amelia asks him." Dani gave a short laugh. "Matt doesn't know it, but that relationship is ending soon. He's going to play football at Oshkosh. Amelia has no intention of staying in touch with him once she comes to school in Chicago."
The country club was about a 45-minute drive out of Milwaukee. I can't be sure, but I think we went slightly southwest. We were on the road early with Clark driving and Dani giving directions. The event started at 10:00 a.m. but Dani said we were supposed to be there at 9:00. The pool, which was visible from the parking lot, was separate from the clubhouse, with its own changing room. A chain link fence enclosed a large, grassy area around the pool that was largely covered with plastic lounge chairs. There was a large refrigerated truck parked with its back towards a gate in the fence.
We parked and went through the open gate. A temporary bar had been set up under the awning that came extended off the changing room roof. Four buff-looking men and women were setting up the bar. The two guys were shirtless and in board shorts. The two women wore bikini tops and cutoffs. We were all dressed in tee shirts and shorts.
One of the guys, looking lasciviously at Amanda, asked, "You guys the lifeguards?"
"Four of them," Dani answered. "Where's Mr. Snow?"
"I'm pretty sure he and his wife are up at the clubhouse," one of the women said. "They should be back soon." She paused a moment before asking, "You're going naked all day?"
"Yes," Dani said brightly.
"You've done this before?" the woman asked.
"Plenty of times," Dani answered, although it wasn't completely true.
"Strippers?" the woman asked.
"No, college kids," Dani said straight-faced. That produced raised eyebrows from both women.
Just then, one of the guys setting up the bar said, "Damn. Who's that?" I turned to look back at the gate we'd come in. A tall, broad-shouldered young man had just walked through. I think, however, that the bar guy's comment was inspired by the blonde walking beside the young man. There was a slight breeze and her shoulder-length hair was blowing a bit. What you really noticed was the hot, athletic body inside the white bikini she was wearing.
Dani went over to the newly arrived coupled and hugged the girl. I heard them exchanging "Dani" and Ami" and guessed that the girl was Dani's sister Amelia. Dani brought the couple over to us. As they approached, she said, "Amanda, Harry, I'd like you to meet my little sister Amelia. This guy is her boyfriend Matt.""
Amanda and I greeted the couple. Despite the "look-at-me" quality of the white bikini, Amelia seemed slightly shy. Up close, there was a strong family resemblance between Amelia and Dani. Amelia was a couple of inches shorter, and was, well, the more feminine version of Dani. Where Dani had sharp corners and angles, Amelia had nicely rounded curves. Amelia looked firm and fit but did not remotely approach Dani's muscular definition. Despite the sharp corners, Dani was attractive, I thought. The much more feminine version that was Amelia was very beautiful. Not Amanda, no one is; but comparable to Gwen or Meryl.
There was a moment of silence before Amanda asked Amelia and Matt, "You ready for today?"
"Uh, well, no," Amelia said with a tentative smile, "but that's part of the thrill, isn't it?"
I looked at Matt, who said, "I just hope that I don't get hard."
"No big deal if you do," Amanda replied.
"You'll be fine," I said.
Just then, a somewhat loud and commanding voice said, "There are my lifeguards!" The source was a short, broad-shouldered man who was completely bald. He was in a tee shirt bearing the name of a company and board shorts. A couple steps behind him was a thin, very tan woman with long brown hair who was wearing a white bikini top and thin white wrap draping down from her waist. The man came up and hugged Dani briefly. He stepped back and introduced himself, "Hi, I'm Caleb Snow. This is my wife Lauren." Lauren and Dani hugged each other quickly. "This is my party," Mr. Snow concluded.
We introduced ourselves. Snow looked at his watch and said, "We've got time. Let's take a walk around the pool before you get undressed." The pool was a large oval. It varied in depth from about two feet to about twelve feet. There was a springboard at the deep end, which was closest to the changing room. The grassy area inside the fence stretched farthest from the pool at the shallow end. Another group of four young men and women was setting up a food service area against the fence at this end.
As we followed Mr. Snow around the pool, he said, "Of course, in the unlikely event someone gets into trouble, I want you to help them immediately. One of you call 911. There's a phone in the changing room. The life squad can be here in eight minutes. But the main thing I want from you is show skin. No covering up or keeping your arms in front of you. Put it all out there so my employees and their guests can see you. If I'd wanted ugly, I'd have hired it. You're not ugly. That's why I hired you."
I looked at Amanda who raised her eyebrows a millimeter but smiled. I glanced at Amelia, who was blushing but had an excited look on her face. Matt looked, frankly, scared. Last, I glanced at Mrs. Snow who gave me a wink.
When we made it back to the changing room, it looked like the bar was ready to go. Mr. Snow looked at his watch and said, "About quarter till. Let's all get in costume." He clapped his hands. The two bar guys dropped their shorts, picked them up, and put them behind the bar. Underneath, they were wearing only thongs or pouches, whatever you care to call them. The two girls took off their cutoffs. They were wearing thongs. Mr. Snow looked at the six of us and said, "Follow me to your locker room."
Inside the changing room, there were doors for men's and women's locker rooms off an anteroom that also had washrooms. Mr. Snow unlocked a door marked "Staff" and showed us into a small room with eight lockers. Mr. Snow said, "Put your things in the lockers. I'll lock the outside door and open it back up for you when the day is over." Not only would we be nude all day, but our clothes would be locked away from us. I looked at Amanda who made a "thumbs up" gesture. Mr. Snow said, "Take everything off. I don't want to see any jewelry, watches, sandals; only sunscreen." He turned and went out the door. Mrs. Snow stayed and watched us.
Amanda, Dani, Clark, and I stripped off quickly and began coating ourselves in sunscreen. Amelia and Matt were more hesitant, and giggly. When Amelia got her bikini off, I noticed that she had very pronounced tan lines. Her tits, ass, and pubes were virtually white. "What's with the tan lines?" Dani asked her sister.
Amelia giggled again. "I thought they would look sexier, so I've only been tanning in a bikini," she replied. Dani looked at Amanda and me and shook her head.
A couple of minutes later, the six of us came out of the locker room naked and barefoot holding only bottles of sunscreen. Mrs. Snow, in her top and wrap, came out behind us and Mr. Snow locked the door and dropped the key in a pocket of his shorts. "Put your sunscreen behind the bar," Mr. Snow instructed. "Keep moving. I don't want to see any of you sitting around."
We walked over to the bar to stash our sunscreen. Of course, the four people working the bar studied our nude bodies intently. As Amanda put our bottle behind the bar, one of the bar guys said, "Not bad, not bad at all!" None of the employees or their guests were out yet, although we'd heard a few in the locker rooms. Amanda, Dani, Clark, and I stayed under the changing room awning. Amelia and Matt walked together around the pool. Amelia was swaying her hips in a way that just drew attention to her pale, perfectly formed ass.
As we watched Amelia and Matt walk, Dani said, "We need to keep an eye on her. I'm not sure she understands how hot she looks or how guys might react."
Just then, two couples came out of the changing room building. One couple was, I'd guess, mid-thirties; the other a bit younger. The men were both bare-chested in board shorts. The older woman wore a print one-piece, the younger a bikini comprised of a white top and black bottoms. All four carried a few spare pounds. They stopped when they saw the four of us standing there nude. Amelia and Matt were down by the shallow end of the pool. The younger woman pointed them out to her friends. The four stood still for several moments, shifting their gaze between us and Amelia and Matt. Finally, they smiled at us and walked away.
"I guess we ought to start our rounds," Amanda said. She and I started to walk to the right of the pool, past the bar. Dani and Clark went left.
The pool area filled up rapidly. Within about a half hour, there were, I'd guess, over 100 people in the pool, on lounge chairs on the lawn, at the bar, or at the food stand. Of course, all of them were in swimwear. Everyone was looking at Amanda, Amelia, Dani, Clark, Matt, and me very closely. I don't think anyone expected to see naked people at their company outing.
At first, most people kept some distance from us, as you might expect people to do when confronted with something unexpected. As it became apparent that we were basically harmless, and as people drank, more people began coming up and talking to us. I assumed that, at least for the guys, that was to get a closer view of Amanda. I can't say that the other four experienced the same thing, but the conversations Amanda and I had typically followed a similar script.
The clothed guests, often a couple, would approach us and ask, "Who are you? What are you doing here?"
Amanda or I would respond, "We're Amanda and Harry. We're lifeguards."
The clothed person would then ask, "Uh, why aren't you wearing any clothes?"
We'd respond, "Because Mr. Snow asked us to go naked."
That response often ended the conversation. Our interlocutors would smile and walk away. However, a few asked some version of "How does it feel to be naked with all these people around who are dressed?"
That was a much more interesting question. We'd answer with a breezy, "We're used to it." The truth was a bit more complicated. At a nude beach or resort where most of the people are nude, you quickly forget that you're not wearing anything. Indeed, you stand out a lot more if you are clothed in those circumstances. Walking around the pool that day, it was impossible to forget for a moment that we were completely nude. Seeing everyone else with their tits, asses, and pubes covered drove home the reality that ours were completely exposed. Likewise, it is usually considered bad taste, or worse, to stare at someone else at a nude beach or resort. Everyone was staring at us that day. Mr. Snow had made the point explicit that morning: we were there so that everyone else could see our nude bodies.
Amanda and I had been nude on stage in front of clothed audiences before. That was different. No matter how close the audience is, being on a stage creates a psychological distance between you and them. Also, a play is not real. You are playing a role. I think that produces a subconscious attitude that it isn't really me standing there with my dick and balls out; it's my character. None of that distance or displacement was possible at the pool in Wisconsin that June day.
How did it feel? Speaking for Amanda and me, exciting. Exciting both in the sense that we were doing something a bit taboo that almost no one else there was doing; and sexually exciting knowing that everyone was looking at my dick and balls, at Amanda's slit and tits, and at both of our asses. While it would have been deathly boring had we been doing it clothed, Amanda and I were having a great time walking around nude among all those clothed people.
After about an hour, Mrs. Snow came up to the two of us. She had taken off her wrap to disclose her white bikini bottoms and a thin, but very attractive, pair of legs. "How is it going?" she asked.
"Fine," Amanda said, "we're having a good time."
"How about you, Harry?" Mrs. Snow asked.
"What could be better than being out nude on a wonderful day like today?" I asked rhetorically. "How many people are you expecting in total?" I asked.
"Around 200," Mrs. Snow answered. "There'll be a bunch more between noon and one when the golfers finish up." Mrs. Snow paused. Then, she said, "You must be hot." Mrs. Snow said.
"Why do you say that?" I asked. I wasn't conscious of being uncomfortably hot.
Mrs. Snow smiled. "Both of you have beads of sweat in your pubic hair," she replied.
I guess it was the power of suggestion, but both Amanda and I wanted something to drink. We could get free water or soda from the bar. We walked to the bar and asked one of the women for water. The woman gave us two very cold plastic bottles of water. She followed that with the inevitable, "How do you like walking around naked?"
"It's really a blast," Amanda answered.
"You both have the bodies for it," the woman responded. To Amanda, she added, "He has a great looking dick."
Amanda smiled. "I know," she said. "It feels good too, whether it's in my pussy, my mouth, or my ass." That was exaggerating, at least in that Amanda and I hadn't had much anal sex.
"I'll bet," the woman replied. "Watching you guys," she went on, "I almost wish I could take this suit off and work naked myself." To the other woman at the bar, she asked, "Holly, would you do this naked if they let us?"
Holly glanced at Amanda and then at Amelia across the pool. "Yeah, if she wasn't here and that other blonde wasn't. With them running around naked, no one would look at me."
Amanda and I thanked the women. Clothed people were lining up behind us for drinks, so we moved away from the bar. We were looking at the pool from under the awning when Amanda said, "She does look good."
"Who?" I asked.
"Amelia," Amanda replied. I looked to where Amelia was standing, about midway along the pool, talking to five guys who were in a semi-circle around her. Her tanned back and legs highlighted her pale ass. The contrast between her and the clothed men was erotic.
I looked to the other side of the pool where Dani was standing with Clark. I assumed that Dani was sweating too because her body had a sheen which emphasized her muscularity. Still, she was obviously a naked woman. "Dani doesn't look bad either," I said.
Amanda gave me a look. "Dani's attractive," Amanda said, "but that's far more her personality than her appearance." We finished our water, put the bottles into a recycling bin, and stepped out from under the awning.
Before we'd gotten very far, a fit guy who looked to be in his late twenties came up to us. "Are we allowed to use the diving board?" he asked.
"Sure," I replied.
"What dives can't we do?" he asked.
"Anything you're not capable of doing," I answered. I inferred that his questions were pretextual because, although he was talking to me, I could see his eyes running up and down Amanda's bare body. I couldn't blame him. I like Amanda's body a lot better than my own too. Amanda was well aware that the guy was inspecting her. She was loving it.
As Mrs. Snow predicted, there was another influx of people between noon and one. I guess the people who were there all morning had gotten used to us. This second wave repeated the cycle of being surprised at seeing naked people, stand-offish, and then eager to get as close to us as possible. One older man walked a complete circle around Amanda, looking her up and down. Amanda stood still and let him look.
A rather full-chested, redheaded young woman in a one-piece that showed a distinct camel toe came up to me. "Can we take our clothes off too?" she asked.
"I've been told that the guests aren't supposed to," I replied, "only the lifeguards."
"That's not fair," the woman sniffed and walked away.
About 2:00 p.m., Amanda decided that we needed to refresh our sunscreen. She took our bottle from behind the bar. We went into the anteroom outside the locker rooms and started spreading more sunscreen over each other. As we were doing that, Mr. Snow walked in. "Why are you doing that in here?" he asked. "If you need to add sunscreen, do it outside where everyone can see you."
A bit later, Amanda and I were getting more water when Amelia walked up. "Are you guys having as much fun as I am?" Amelia asked.
We took our waters, plus one for Amelia, and stepped away from the bar. "You're enjoying yourself?" Amanda asked.
"Yeah," Amelia said. "I was pretty nervous this morning. I mean, I like skinny-dipping and being naked on the beach, and I tease with my cheerleading outfit and my diving suit, but the idea of being completely naked and on display scared me a little. Well, to be honest, it scared me a lot. But, doing it has been great! The guys are all looking at my tits, my ass, and my pussy, but that's really exciting! I've been a little wet all day. Do you guys get excited doing this too?"
"Yes, we do," Amanda answered.
"Poor Matt," Amelia said.
"Why 'Poor Matt'?" I asked.
Amelia smiled at me. "He's just doing this because I asked him to. He's embarrassed as shit. He doesn't enjoy being seen nude like we do. That tells me he's not the guy for me. Still, I'll fuck him tonight as a 'thank you.' He's earned that."
Amelia walked away. We both watched her beautiful pale ass, which seemed to have a pronounced wiggle. Amanda turned to me and smiled.
Apart from one guy cutting his foot, there were no incidents which called on us to utilize "lifeguard skills." Dani bandaged the guy's foot for him. I think the guy was disappointed that Amanda or Amelia didn't do it.
As the afternoon drew on, however, the free alcohol began to show. People were getting louder. They were ogling the six of us even more blatantly than before and we started hearing "nice tits," "I'd love to fuck her," and a few "nice dicks." In one sense, it was flattering.
Late in the afternoon, the redhead who'd asked me earlier if she could undress came back up to me. Another woman was following a few steps behind. "Do you mind?" the redhead asked. "I'd like to hold your dick for a moment."
"That's fine," Amanda answered for me. The redhead reached out and wrapped her hand around my dick. She turned to the other woman who snapped a picture of us with her phone. The redhead let go, said, "thank you," gave me a quick kiss, and smacked my ass. Amanda just smiled.
I was a bit concerned about the guests driving home until someone told me that everyone had come on chartered buses. The buses would take them back to the company's building in Milwaukee. I figured most people would sober up enough to drive in that time.
We only had one "incident," although that exaggerates it's importance. We'd all been keeping an eye on Amelia. She obviously enjoyed talking with the guys. Around 5:00 p.m., she was talking to a group of guys on the lawn. In a few moments, what had been a semi-circle became a circle of guys with Amelia in the center. Dani came over to me and pointed at it. Dani started walking that direction and I followed.
When Dani and I were about fifteen feet from the circle enclosing Amelia, one of the guys with his back to us reached out and grabbed Amelia's bare ass. She didn't like that and spun around. Before she could say or do anything, Dani called out loudly, "Amelia, we need you." The sight of a muscular naked woman and a muscular naked man striding towards them caused the guys forming the circle to move away quickly.
Amelia came over to us and said, "That hurt! That bastard!"
Dani patted Amelia's bare shoulder. "Ami, you need to make sure no one's behind you. I know you're having fun, but always have situational awareness."
They closed the bar and started taking it down about 5:30. At six, when the day was scheduled to end, there was a general movement into the locker rooms. Amanda, Amelia, Dani, Matt, Clark, and I were all standing together. Most everyone took one last look at us as they went into to change for the ride home. We were ready to leave too, but our clothes were locked up and Mr. Snow was nowhere to be seen.
By 6:15, the food stands and bar were down. The woman whom we'd talked with the most at the bar came over. She had her cutoffs back on. "It was nice to see you," she said, raising her eyebrows to ensure that we caught the double meaning. The bar staff left. By 6:45, we could see people, fully dressed, outside the pool fence, walking towards several buses which had arrived in the parking lot. Many took yet another look at the six nude people inside the fence. Still no Caleb Snow. None of us had brought anything so valuable that we'd mind leaving it behind except that Clark's and Matt's car keys were locked up.
By 7:00 p.m., the buses were pulling out. Finally, Mrs. Snow appeared by the pool, still in her bikini, and carry a small string bag. She stripped off, dove in the pool, and swam the length of the pool and back. She got out, smoothed her long, wet hair back from her face, picked up the bag, and walked over to us. "I've been waiting all day to do that," she said. "Caleb would have gone apeshit if I'd done that while his employees were here. I envy you getting to be nude all day. You probably want to get going though. I've got the key."
Mrs. Snow unlocked the staff locker room and stood naked in the doorway as we got dressed. When we were all dressed, she said, "I think you're due to be paid." She reached into the bag and pulled out a wad of $ 100 bills. She counted them off eight at a time and handed that money to each of us. As we walked towards the gate with our pay, Lauren Snow called, "Thank you."
Amelia and Matt walked away to Matt's car. I wondered if Matt knew he'd be getting lucky that night. As Clark opened his car, Dani said, "I've been naked all day. Having clothes on again just doesn't feel good. Let's drive home naked." The rest of us needed no persuading. We all stripped off in the parking lot. As I got in the back seat with Amanda, I saw Lauren Snow standing alone, naked by the pool fence, watching us.
On the ride home, the reserve we'd maintained all day broke and we began talking about how hot the experience had been for us. Amanda and I were playing with each other and Clark was driving faster than I'd have done driving nude. There was a very palpable sexual energy in the car by the time we reached the parking lot of Clark's apartment building.
The four of us, naked, quickly crossed the parking lot, entered the building, and started up the stairs. A young woman coming downstairs carrying a laundry basket said only, "nice outfits!"
Clark got his door unlocked quickly, but Amanda and I had started kissing and fondling each other in the hall. As we stumbled into the apartment with Amanda holding my dick and my finger in her cunt, Dani said, "You perverts can't even wait to get inside. We'll I can't wait either!" She grabbed Clark and said, "Come on!"
It took Amanda and me a moment to realize that Dani was taking Clark to the bedroom and wanted us to follow. We let go of each other and followed. When we reached the bedroom, Dani was already sideways across the bed, on her hands and knees with her legs apart and her pussy and asshole facing the door. "I don't care which one, but I want one of you guys inside me right now!" Dani yelled. Clark got on the edge of the bed behind her and shoved his hard dick into her.
Amanda looked at me, smiled, and then got onto the bed next to Dani in the same position as Dani. I didn't need to be asked. I got onto the edge of the bed and slid my dick into Amanda. Clark and I were rubbing shoulders as we thrust our dicks back and forth inside our respective girlfriends and Amanda's and Dani's hips and shoulders were rubbing against each other. I can't speak for Dani and Clark, but Amanda and I were very worked up, it had been building all day. Almost as soon as I entered her, Amanda had clamped down on my dick with her pelvic muscles, which was her way of telling me that she wanted to come.
I was so aroused by the day and by the scene we were in then, that I was pumping Amanda fast and furiously, not how we usually liked to make love. Amanda was soon moaning. The pitch of her moans was rising, which told me that she was getting there fast. That was good because I was about to shoot. Amanda had just started her orgasmic howl when the room was filled with the sound of Dani yelling "Oh . . . My . . . God . . . Fuck . . . Yeeeesss!" Amanda punctuated that with a short scream of her own as I shot a load inside her. Amanda collapsed forward, pulling me on top of her.
I lay on top of Amanda's back feeling her panting as I panted myself. Finally, Dani said, "That was fun!" I looked to my right. Clark was standing beside the bed. Dani had rolled over and was sitting on the bed. She reached a finger out, wiped up some of Clark's come from the head of his dick, and put the finger in her mouth.
I rolled off Amanda onto my side at the foot of the bed. Amanda turned on her side with her back and ass against me. We were looking at Dani and Clark. Dani asked, "You two want to sleep with us tonight?"
"Amanda answered, "Sure!"