Managing this store was rewarding but challenging sometimes. On this particular night, I had two employees working with me. One was Cody, who was a young guy of about nineteen. He was sure of himself or, more accurately, cocky. But a hard worker. The other was Fisher. Also, a young man at only eighteen years old. Unlike Cody, he was quiet and shy.
I enjoyed leading these two and my other two employees. What I did not enjoy was how rough the location of our small convenience store had become over the years. Police cars blaring their sirens would constantly be speeding by, yet you would continually hear about muggings and assaults occurring nearby. Just last year, I had my purse taken at gunpoint. That almost made me quit and move away, but I endured. If for nothing else than for my employees. They wouldn't admit it, but they did look up to me, and I hated the idea of letting them down.
I, myself, was a young woman of twenty-four years old. I was aware of the danger of being a woman in this area. Especially since I was a rather attractive one, according to the men constantly harassing me on the street. I had a toned body but still managed to have c-cup breasts that bordered on d-cup. I also seemed to have inherited my mother's pronounced booty, which also got plenty of unwelcomed remarks on the streets.
"Jennifer, when are we getting more Mars bars? We've been out for two straight days now," Cody asked me.
"Corporate will only tell me they are working on it. That's all I know," I said in reply.
"The store near me has them," Fisher pointed out.
"Why the fuck are shopping at other stores, Fisher," Cody asked accusingly.
"Cause they have Mars bars...," Fisher replied.
We laughed and continued on with stocking and cleaning the store. I was helping out with the late shift today, and it was nearly 2 am. We hadn't seen a customer in an hour, but corporate insisted the store stay open twenty-four hours a day, so here we were. But just as I had this thought, the bell on our door rang, and a couple of men walked in. "Hello! Let us know if you need help finding anything," I called out, greeting them.
The men didn't respond but walked right up to Fisher at the cash register. "Can I... help you," he asked them cautiously.
"Shut the fuck up and empty the register," one of the men said, pulling out a pistol. Fisher went pale, seeing the gun, and froze. Cody, meanwhile, got an angry look and started marching towards the men.
I was lucky enough to be near him and grabbed him. "No. Don't be a fool. You'll only put Fisher in danger," I pleaded with him. He seemed to accept this and stopped his advance with a clenched fist.
"Do what he says and give him the money," I told Fisher. He looked at me, nodded, and started taking the cash out of the register with shaky hands.
The other two men approached Cody and I. "Little man wants to be a hero? Too bad his mommy held him back. We could have had some fun," one of them teased Cody getting in his face.
"You fucking...," Cody started to say before the man punched him hard in the gut.
"Shut your mouth and stay down. She was right to tell you to back off. I would have killed you in an instant," the man yelled angrily.
The third man eyed my body up and down. "We might have to come back sometime and have fun with this one," he said with eyes full of lust.
I took a step back and crossed my arms. "Just take your money and go. We won't stop you," I said, trying to end this situation before it got bad. The two of them laughed and walked back to their partner, who was taking the bag of money from Fisher. After grabbing some drinks, they left, disappearing into the darkness of the late night.
I collapsed on the floor, feeling like I held my breath during that entire incident. "Fisher, call the police. Are you okay, Cody?" I asked as I scooted over to him.
"I'm fine," he said, sitting up but still holding onto his stomach. The poor teenager had his confidence thrown right back in his face today.
Twenty minutes later, a police car came by, took our statements, and made copies of the security tapes. The men only got away with two hundred dollars, but the team was shaken badly by the incident. The worst was that we knew the men would never be caught. Not in a neighborhood like this. They could return anytime they wanted and maybe do much worse this second time. I feared that I could never get Cody and Fisher to return to work. Even the employees of mine that weren't here would be spooked by this. All of my workers needed this job. Quitting it out of fear would cause them to fall into poverty or crime themselves. I informed corporate of what happened and insisted we shut the store down for a bit. After going back and forth, they gave me permission to close the shop until the morning after next. I sent Cody and Fisher home before I, too, headed back to my apartment.
The sun just started to rise as I walked. My phone rang, and it was Charlie, my boyfriend. Somehow, the idea of talking with him made me feel worse, but I picked up, not wanting to worry him. "Jennifer? Are you okay? I turned on the news, and they mentioned a robbery at your store," he asked, concerned. I explained what happened and let him know I was safe. "I'm so sorry that happened to you, babe. Maybe it's time to consider leaving that job. That neighborhood is only getting worse, it seems," Charlie suggested.
"No. I could never do that. I'll work with corporate to implement new safety measures. Besides, no one was badly hurt." Charlie was not satisfied with that answer, and I couldn't blame him. I knew nothing would change except a few emails and new signs around the store.
"How about I come over. I can call off work and be with you," he offered.
"No, don't skip work for me. I'm just going to crash on my bed and sleep things off. I'll talk to you later, honey," I said. He accepted that, and we ended the call. When I finally got to my apartment, I did exactly as I had said I would and fell asleep without even bothering to change my clothes.
I dreamed I was back at the store, reliving the robbery. Only this time, I was too weak to do anything. I grabbed Fisher to try to stop him from confronting the men, but he easily pushed right past me. The man he approached pulled out a knife and hurt Fisher badly, leaving him bleeding on the floor. Cody continued to be frozen in place as the man with the gun yelled at him to empty the register. I tried to yell for him to give up the money but couldn't get out more than a whisper. I closed my eyes as I heard the gun go off. Finally, another man stood over me with a gun of his own, telling me to hand him the can of beer that was on the floor right next to me. I tried with all my might to pick it up, but it wouldn't budge. The man with the gun got angrier and angrier, but I couldn't even lift it a millimeter. Finally, a loud bang woke me up suddenly.
It was nearing 4 pm in the afternoon. Despite sleeping ten hours, I felt worse than I did before I got any rest. The dream made the events of this morning still in front of my mind. I checked my phone, scared I would see multiple texts from my employees informing me they were quitting, but thankfully, no one had. Not yet, at least.
I got up and made some shitty coffee, which was the only kind I knew how to make. But it did little to make me feel better. I sat alone at my small dining table, staring off at nothing. Something in me snapped and tears started to well in my eyes. I was so fucking pathetic. I couldn't protect anything despite being responsible for these people's safety at my store. I was stuck in this awful, crime-riddled neighborhood, just waiting to be shot in a mugging or robbery gone wrong.
"You have more power to protect them than you realize," a voice said in front of me. Looking up, I was met with the sight of a beautiful woman glowing and floating. I tried to push myself back out of the shock at seeing this, but instead, I fell backward out of my chair, spilling coffee all over me.
"Fuck!" I yelled due to the hot liquid contacting my skin. I didn't let the pain stop me and scrambled to the far side of the room, away from the attractive ghost lady.
"Why the hell would you choose to haunt this shitty place? Go spook a rich suburban neighborhood or something," I yelled out at her.
"I'm not a ghost, Jennifer. I'm not here to harm or threaten you with harm. Quite the opposite. I'm here to offer you the power to protect those you care for and improve the situation in this city," she said in a calm and soothing voice.
I've read enough comics to know when a hot ghost lady offers you power, you listen. I relaxed a bit and approached her. "Maybe I'm interested in that. You can give me powers to fight crime? Super strength? Speed? Flying?" I said, anxious to hear what my new amazing abilities will be.
"Nope. I can offer you personally none of that," she said bluntly.
"Then what the heck are we talking about? What can you offer me?" I demanded.
"A soul," the ghost said.
"Is this joke because of my red hair?" I shot back.
"No, let me explain. If you are willing to accept it, I will implant a second soul into your body. After you fall asleep, this second soul will take over control of your body at night. They will then take to the streets and fight crime, protect the innocent, and overall make your city safer," she explained. I had a thousand questions pop into my head hearing this. "Before you ask your questions, I'll give some details." I kept silent and let her continue.
"First, the second soul, or hero, will awaken in a full costume, including a mask. Your civilian identity will be safe. Second, despite her using your body at night, you will wake up fully rested. However, I must warn you. You are sharing a body. If you get hurt, so will she be. And vice versa as well. But do not fret. This hero soul
is a combat master and comes with some abilities. Nothing incredible. Mainly increased agility, slightly higher strength, high eye-hand coordination, and a few other minor powers. Trust me when I say your body will be safe with her."
"But I'll wake up clueless about what she did the previous night? I don't know if I can handle that uncertainty," I fretted.
"Fear not. While you will have no ability to control her actions, you will be coming along from the ride. Instead of dreaming, you will witness what does with your body. You may wake up groggy, but you will remember her actions the night before. As she will be aware of what you do when you are awake."
"Why have you chosen me? I don't have much to offer to a superhero. I'm poor. I have no connections to the police force. Surely others are better suited for this," I pointed out, still not convinced this is the best idea for me.
"The personality of the hero soul will be an extension of yours but exaggerated. If a greedy person would be given this gift, the hero would steal and rob. A person with a short temper would make the soul angry and violent. But none of that is you. You are a kind woman with a strong desire for justice. This is why I have chosen you for this."
My mind continued to race with this sudden opportunity being offered to me. "You need not decide right at this moment. I will give you until you fall asleep tonight. If, before you sleep, you say the words, 'I accept' out loud, the soul will enter your body. I must warn you, though. This is permanent and cannot be undone. Do not accept lightly." Before I could ask anything else, the hot ghost lady dissolved into the air, leaving me with a tough decision.
With no work today, I had nothing to do but stew on my choice. Eventually, I had to get out for a walk around dusk. Walking around the neighborhood, I witnessed police chasing people, youth committing random acts of violence, and figures in dark corners dealing god knows what. If I let this opportunity pass by, I would forever feel like every crime victim was my fault. With that in mind, the decision became clear.
I ate a quick dinner and tried to pass the time with some TV, but eventually I knew I couldn't wait any more. I sat down in my bed and said the words, "I accept," loudly and clearly. I put my head on the pillow, and I passed out the second my eyes closed.
***
The hero woke up and got out of bed. Looking at the clock it was only 9 pm, which gave her plenty of time to work. She went to the mirror in the bathroom and checked out her costume. It was a latex bodysuit that covered her whole body, composed of a blue and purple pattern. It hugged her curves tightly but gave her excellent mobility. The hero threw some quick punches and a high kick and was excited by how good she felt. Her mask covered her eyes and came down to her neck, with a large area open for her mouth and nose to be free. Her red hair was also free, as nothing covered the top of her head. The mask would serve its purpose to protect the identity of her civilian counter part Jennifer.
But that raised a good question. What should she call herself? She needed a hero name, of course, and something memorial. Lady Night Watch. It wasn't the most clever name she could think of, but it made clear what she stood for.
With that settled, Lady Night Watch was ready to start her campaign of justice. She climbed out of a window and, with great speed, used the window sills to climb up to the roof building. She didn't need to start the night seeking out crime as she was already aware of one that happened. Jumping from roof to roof, she ended up overlooking the convenience store Jennifer worked at and was just robbed this morning. Criminals operate within, at most, a ten-block area. Considering they just pulled a robbery off, Lady Night Watch doubted they would be walking the streets in the open right now. But with their ill-gotten gains, she also doubted they were just staying in for the night either.
Traveling by rooftop, she went to a nearby block that was known for its strip clubs. Lady Night Watch prowled up high for an hour, watching everyone who came in and out of the five clubs. After an hour, she saw what she wanted. The three men came out the side doors of a club, loudly yelling about how those girls should be honored to be groped by them. Clearly, they were just kicked out for breaking the rules. She followed them as they walked down an alley, where she knew it was time to strike.
The hero slid down a gutter and landed right in front of the three of them. "The fuck..." one of them asked before taking a kick to the face. The two other men looked at their fallen friend astonished before another of them took three punches to the stomach and a final blow to the chin, sending him to the ground. The third guy finally managed to get this fist up and took a swing at the costumed lady beating the shit out of his friends. But Lady Night Watch anticipated this and grabbed the arm and swung him over her shoulder onto the ground hard.
She raised a fist, ready to come down on his face, but paused. "If you get within two miles of that store you robbed last night, you'll need a wheelchair for the next two years of your life. So says Lady Night Watch." She then grabbed his arm with both hands and twisted it hard, breaking it in multiple places. The man screamed and then passed out from the pain.
On the street, just outside the alley, a couple of people walking by were startled when three unconscious men were thrown out in front of them. This was followed by a masked woman in a body suit dusting off her costume. She pointed to the group. "Call the police and tell them Lady Night Watch caught the three men who robbed the convenience store this morning," she instructed them. Without waiting for them to ask any questions, she flipped upwards onto a fire escape and rapidly ascended back to the roof.
The rest of the night, Lady Night Watch went on patrol, being the watchful eye above the streets and dark alleys. She stopped a young couple from getting mugged. A young mother on the way home from work was nearly assaulted before she swooped in and stopped it. Two men distributing drugs and money to each other were interrupted by her as well. In all these cases, the hero delivered the perps to where the police would find them shortly after. The hero also made sure everyone knew the streets were now under the protection of Lady Night Watch.
The night was coming to a close, and the eastern sky turned purple. It was time to head back and turn her body over to Jennifer, who would remember everything that had happened that night. Hopefully, she will see all the good that was done by her decision to let the hero borrow her body each night. Just as the sun was rising, she climbed into the bed and shut her eyes.
***
I shot up out of bed. My heart was racing. It was just like the ghost said. I felt fully rested. But did all that stuff actually happen, or was it a dream? I rushed to the bathroom and saw my usual self in the mirror with no superhero costume on. When I, or her, I should say, laid down on the bed, I was in full costume. Maybe it was all a dream.
I rushed to get ready and headed to the convenience store. When I got there, Cody was waiting and looking excited. "Jennifer!" He yelled as he saw me approach. "They arrested them! The robbers are in jail," he informed me.
Maybe it was a coincidence. Or maybe... "Really, that's great, Cody. How did they catch them," I asked as I unlocked the front doors to the store.
"You didn't hear? There's a female superhero in our city now. She caught and beat the crap out of them and left them for the police. I can't believe it, Jennifer!"
That was it. That confirmed that I actually had a superhero sharing my body with me. "That's not all," Helen said walking in behind us. "She stopped a lot of crime over the whole night. The jail was almost overrun with arrest, they say." Helen was another employee of mine. A single mom of about thirty years old. I was so happy to hire her as she needed a job with flexible hours, which I was able to provide.
Throughout the workday, Helen and Cody talked non-stop about how excited they were about having someone looking out for them. Customers came in and shared rumors and news they heard as well. I couldn't help but laugh at some of the more absurd things said, like that the hero had wings or was actually a team of ninjas. It was also weird hearing a few guys talk about how sexy she was. That costume was rather tight, I admit.
The important thing was the attitude of my employees, and even the whole neighborhood had shifted from fear to hope. I told myself I couldn't take credit as I didn't do anything. It was all Lady Night Watch. But I had made the right choice and looked forward to what she would do tonight.
After working and getting dinner, I headed home in a much better mood than I could have thought possible, given the events of yesterday morning. Again, I was anxious to see what the hero would do next, so I went to bed early at 9 pm.
***
Lady Night Watch sprung from the bed. Feeling the face mask already present on her face, she knew her body was prepared for another night of fighting. She felt strong, motivated, and a bit rambunctious. She bolted out the same window as the night before and ascended to the rooftop, surveying the city below. She calmed her mind and focused on the many sounds of the streets, particularly the people. She heard the faintest of whines coming from her left and knew someone needed her help.
Arriving at the scene, she witnessed a man yelling at a woman. It wasn't a mugging by the looks of it, but the lady was in danger. Jumping off the roof, Lady Night Watch controlled her fall using the alley wall and fell directly onto the man, instantly knocking him out. "You're safe now. Did he hurt you," the hero asked the surprised woman.
She took a few moments to calm down but eventually replied. "I'm okay, thank you so much. He's my ex from like six months ago. I had gotten a restraining order against him, and obviously, he didn't take it well. He was so angry, and if you hadn't come by me...," the woman couldn't finish that thought, feeling overly scared of what might have happened.
Lady Night Watch hugged the woman. "It's okay. We all have to watch out for each other." The hero looked at the woman in the face and rubbed her cheek with her finger while eyeing the lady's body up and down. "Especially when you have a rocking body like that. What say you try a girlfriend next, hot stuff," Lady Night Watch said with a lustful smile.
"What," the woman asked, confused. With a pat on the woman's butt, the hero dashed off in search of more people in need of help.
The next opportunity she came across was a man holding a gun up to two other men. However, this wasn't a robbery, as the gun wielder was too emotional. This situation required a different approach. She slowly climbed down the alley so as not to surprise the man. "Hey there, big guy, let's talk this over before we do anything rash," the hero said as her feet touched the ground.
"Stay back. This doesn't concern you. These two guys have been bullying me mercilessly for the past year, and it ends today," he yelled through tears. Lady Night Watch took a few steps to put herself between the gun and the men.
"Bullies are assholes. But if you shoot them, you'll get in trouble, too. Why should their punishment require you to go to jail? That isn't fair. There are better ways to do this," she said, taking a step toward the gunman.
"Don't come any closer,' he yelled out.
"Okay. But if I can't come any closer, you can't see my body in this ever-so-tight uniform," she said, rubbing her hands all over her body.
"What? What's going on," the gunman asked, looking around.
"A hot girl is flirting with you. That's what. Have you seen how my ass looks in this? So damn tight," she said, turning around and bending over. The man stared at her body, unsure of how to act. "Put the gun down, and let's talk. Okay?" Her flirting had diffused the situation, and the hero got the three men to talk without anyone threatening each other. They all agreed to stay away from each other from there on.
The rest of the night proceeded as usual for Lady Night Watch as she stopped a robbery and other minor crimes from occurring. Walking away from a fight she had just broken up, a police officer confronted her. "You there. Hero chick. Don't move. You're under arrest," he yelled with his gun drawn on her. The hero put her hands up and stayed calm.
"Officer. I'm guessing the police force hasn't appreciated the criminals I've been stopping," she said.
"We can't have civilians taking the law into their own hands, regardless of how they dress," he said, slowly approaching her.
"Is the gun needed? Have you heard of anything about me that would tell you I would attack a police officer?" The cop considered her for a second before reluctantly holstering his gun.
"I know you've helped people, but what you are doing is dangerous," he said, further closing the gap between them.
"I can help you too in other ways," she said, rubbing her chest as she walked right up to the surprised-looking officer. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him in for a kiss. Their lips stayed together for half a minute of passion before she let go of him. "See you later, officer," Lady Night Watch said as she jogged away from the red-faced officer.
That concluded another night of justice, and she arrived back at Jennifer's apartment. Taking a brief moment to reflect on the good she did today, as well as the fun she had, the hero lay on the bed and returned use of the body back.
***
I woke up a bit discombobulated as the memories of the hero flooded my mind. I think a lot of my mornings were going to start with this feeling, and I would need to get used to it. However, I was still excited to remember all of the people the hero helped again. But as I thought about it, I recalled details that came off as weird to me. She saved that girl and was oddly flirty with her. But maybe that was just to calm her down. And rubbing her body to distract that man with the gun was an odd call, but I guess it did work for her. Oh shit. She kissed a cop, didn't she? With my lips! Why did she need to do that?
I felt compelled to call my boyfriend. On the one hand, I did nothing wrong, but my body was still used to kiss another man. It felt like semi-cheating in a weird way. "Hey babe, I was just getting ready for work," Charlie said, answering my call.
"Me too, but I wanted to hear your voice."
"You're so sweet as always. Hey, did you hear about that new hero, Lady Night Watch? She's so awesome! That's all that anyone wants to talk about," he said excitedly. While having everyone talk about the hero was welcomed yesterday, today was different due to that kiss. It was strange having heard my boyfriend admire a hero who was secretly using my body to kiss other men.
"Yeah, she's something alright. Well, I got to go. Have a nice day!" I said, hanging up.
At work today was Cody and Glenn. Glenn was my last employee and by far the oldest of them. He was in his late fifties and married. Just a nice old man looking to support his wife in their humble life. "Good morning, Jennifer," he called out as I entered the store. I waved to him and Cody as well. Cody had been a bit off since the hero came on the scene. He didn't seem to like that a female took out the bad guys he couldn't, although he never directly said that. The important thing was that everyone was safe.
The neighborhood was still abuzz with Lady Night Watch, which was what most of their customers talked about. Later in the morning, a familiar face came in. It was the guy who pulled a gun on his bullies that the hero stopped. He grabbed a soda and took it to Glenn at the register. "Good morning. Are you as excited by Lady Night Watch as everyone else seems to be," Glenn asked him.
His cheeks went red and he gave a quick, "Yeah, she's cool, I guess," before taking his change and walking out. All I could think about was the hero rubbing her, I mean my, body all over with his hands and showing off her butt to that boy. I really hoped that was a one-time thing.
After work, I distracted myself with food and TV before getting to bed a bit later than the last two nights. My head hit my pillow at about 9:30 pm, and I closed my eyes, hoping tonight's hero work would be a bit more typical and less sexual.
***
The hero didn't waste any time going out on patrol, slightly annoyed Jennifer waited an extra thirty minutes to sleep. That's time that people were getting hurt. And for what? So Jennifer could watch one more episode of Friends that she has seen twelve times already? Lady Night Watch shook her head and focused on what was important. Speaking of which, she came across a scene with two men with guns holding up a young woman. She couldn't get the drop on both of them while still guaranteeing the woman would be safe. She would need to employ a strategy that the hero was recognizing as being more and more effective.
"Let's stay calm, boys," the hero said after landing and holding her hands in the air. Both guns were instantly trained on her. That's a start, at least, she thought, glad the victim wasn't the target anymore. "I'm not going to hurt you, but I need you to promise not to harm anyone either, okay," she said calmly.
"We're the ones with the guns bitch. We are in control," one of the men angrily cried out. He was very worked up, maybe on drugs. An unpredictable gun wielder was a danger. She needed to get him into another frame of mind.
"My costume is itchy. Would it be okay if I take it off?" Lady Night Watch asked innocently.
Both men were taken aback by this. "What? What the fuck did you say," one of them asked with a confused face.
"I'm asking permission to take off my costume and show you my naked tits. I promise they are nice," the hero replied.
"I...yeah... go ahead," he said. She pulled her highly elastic costume down off of her shoulders but stopped just as the top of her breasts came into view.
"But if I'm going to do this, you need to point those guns to the ground," she said while slightly shaking her nearly exposed chest back and forth.
One of the men instantly did this and then signaled their partner to do the same, which he did. Satisfied with their behavior, the hero continued to slip the one-piece costume down her body. Slowly, more and more of her tits were visible until her nipples popped out. Lady Night Watch, a well-renowned hero on the rise, was standing in an alleyway with her boobs out for these two criminals. She didn't stop there, though, and pushed her costume down to her ankles, bending over fully as she did. The victim got a great view of her thong, which was the only covering she now had besides her mask.
She stood back upright and put her hands on her bare hips. "Thank you. I feel so much better. I think you do, too, judging by what I see happening in your pants," the hero teased them. The men said nothing but stared at every inch of her body, burning the image into their minds to remember forever. "I've given you both a great view, so how about you do me a favor. Drop the guns and walk away. When the drugs you are on wear off, think about how bad this situation could have gotten. Deal?" After saying this, Lady Night Watch took her large breasts into her hands and gave them a healthy jiggle.
Both men set their guns on the ground and ran away, although their eyes stayed on the hero's tits until they rounded the corner. "Thank you so much. I won't tell anyone what you had to do to save me. It was
amazing," the victim said. She turned towards him, giving him a better view of her body.
"Not tell anyone? If a hot chick saved me by showing off awesome tits, I'd tell everyone. No need to hold back on my account," she said.
"Okay... I should go. Thank you," the man said, walking. That couldn't have gone any better, the hero thought, pulling her costume back over her body. It was also fun exposing her body like that, she thought.
Moving on, she came across a store that had been robbed, with the sole cashier having been shot and in critical condition. The police were on the scene as the hero watched from above. What caught her eye was a gentleman nervously watching the scene from about a block away. Far from the eyes of the police, Lady Night Watch confronted the man. "You saw who did this, didn't you?" She asked him directly.
"Holy shit, it's you. Wow, you are something. But no. I didn't see anything, nor would I ever say if I did," he replied defiantly.
"If we are going to improve things around here, we must root out the bad apples. If you don't speak up about who did this, the next time they hurt someone, it will be on you," she pleaded with him.
"I'm guessing super hearing isn't one of your powers. I said I'm not talking."
"If you tell me what you know, I'll let you play with my tits for one minute," the hero offered. The man didn't hesitate nor question this. Only replied, "Deal," before pressing his hands deeply into her chest.
"You can talk and grope," the hero replied as her nipples were quickly hardening from the stimulation.
"His name is Henry Baller. Jesus, these are firm for their size. He hangs out at a bar nearby called the 'Drink Pit.' You should really think about becoming a whore with a body like this, you know," the man said while manipulating her tits in whatever way he fancied. Lady Night Watch got exactly what she wanted, but she stayed true to her word and let him have a full minute of boob grabbing. Ninety seconds later, she thanked him again before running off to the bar.
When she reached her destination, she was breathing hard, not from running there but from the experience of getting groped so intimately. However, she didn't let these feelings prevent her from ultimately capturing the criminal and leaving him for the police to pick up.
Later in the night, Lady Night Watch was following a group of men who looked to be trouble. Sure enough, they ducked into an alley and cornered a young man. They made no indication of wanting money from him. All they wanted was violence. The victim curled up into a ball, crying as he awaited punches and kicks to descend on him. He heard the sounds of pounded flesh but felt nothing. Looking up, the three men were on the ground, and the hero stood over them. "Relax, you're safe now," she informed him, sticking out her hand to help him up. But the man didn't take it and continued to whimper in fear. Stopping crime was only half her job as a hero. The other half that was easy to overlook was helping the innocent and victims.
"How about I get my tits out and give you a blow job right here in the alley. Would that make you feel better," she asked.
The man's crying stopped right away. "No woman has ever shown any interest in me before. Are you sure you want to do that," he asked warily.
Lady Night Watch pulled her costume down under her tits, adding him to the list of men that had seen them. "I would be honored to have you cock in my mouth," she said as she reached and undid his pants. She pulled out his cock as he sat on the ground, holding it firm with her hand. "I thought you might have a good-looking dick when I saw you. I was right...," she said before lowering her head onto his manhood.
His cock tasted salty but felt good on her lips. Her mouth applied a continuous layer of saliva to his shaft as she traveled up and down him, moaning lightly in the process. This body had full and soft lips like they were made for sucking dick. Having access to Jennifer's memories, she knew this was the first time these lips ever contacted a cock, as Jennifer had been taking things slow with her boyfriend, Charlie. But as a hero, she couldn't be concerned with such things. This man was a victim, and the best way to come him down was to take his cum into her mouth.
"God, your mouth is amazing, Lady Night Watch. Do you do this with everyone you save," he asked with his mouth agape.
The hero momentarily removed the dick from her mouth to reply. "Just the hot ones," she said with a wink. She stuck her tongue out and licked his cock slowly from the base to the tip and then took the entirety of it back into her mouth. Looking to finish things, she started pumping the base with her hand, now that it was well lubricated. Her lips vigorously slid on the upper half. This simultaneous stimulation worked well, and the man soon unloaded the content of his balls into the topless hero's mouth.
Swallowing the contents, she looked down at the man. "I'm sorry you were accosted by those men, but I hoped I made you feel better," his arm covered his face as he recovered from this orgasm but gave a thumbs up. She reminded him to call the police and ran off in search of more people needing help and maybe comfort.
The rest of the night proved relatively tame, and she returned to Jennifer's bed, happy that she had had another night full of good work.
***
I popped up out of bed with a look of horror on my face. The taste of that man's cum was still in my mouth, and I ran to the bathroom to rinse it out with mouthwash. That helped, but it was weird to think that right at this moment, that stranger's cum was sitting in my stomach. "That fucking slut!" I yelled out as I processed what the hero had done with my body last night.
She let two men see my tits, my naked tits. Was that the only way to solve those two situations? I highly doubt it. Police are able to help victims all the time and not blow them also. What the fuck was going on. My body is not a plaything for her to share with whatever random people she wants.
My first blow job was with a stranger on the street. Or did that count? It was with my own lips, and I fully remember everything about it. The feeling, the taste, his cum filling my mouth, oh god. Yesterday I was freaking out about kissing another person. That was so tame compared to this. I had intended for my boyfriend to be the first man to see my breasts, but that plan was gone now. As was any to have control over who would be the first to get a blow job from me.
This was such an escalation over the previous night. Something must be wrong. I walked over to my small dining area. "I don't know if you can hear me or how any of this works, spirit lady. Ghost woman. Whatever you are called. But I need to talk with you now," I said firmly.
"Yes? What is it, Jennifer," her voice said behind me.
I jumped and turned around, startled. "This hero spirit you put in me is acting like a total whore. She's showing off my body and giving strangers head on the street. Something is wrong," I explained.
"Is she not fighting crime and protecting the innocent," she asked, concerned.
"Well, yes. She is. I will admit she did all of those things to help others. But she could have found a way that didn't involve a man groping my tits," I complained.
"Remember Jennifer. They are her tits now too. And it's not our place to judge her methods, only that she continues to improve the city, which she is doing. I'm sorry, but I see no issues here. Goodbye!" I tried to yell back in disagreement, but she faded away into nothing, leaving me yelling at a wall.
I went to work, where people continued to discuss Lady Night Watch. More people were talking about her looks and how attractive she was. I didn't hear any mentions of her performing sexual acts, at least, but it seemed inevitable that would happen. I also knew all of these people were lusting after me, or rather my body. Even if they didn't know it. A body that I dreaded would be further used for sexual purposes tonight.
Another piece of news was the police officially announced they were seeking to arrest Lady Night Watch for her vigilante work as a heroine. This wasn't surprising to hear, but it was worrying nonetheless. What would happen if she were arrested? She would be unmasked and identified as me. I doubt I could get them to believe I had two souls residing in me.
When I got home, I had an idea. Lady Night Watch would remember my time awake, just as I remembered hers. "Listen," I said, sitting alone on my bed, "I know what you are doing is important and saving lives. My life must seem insignificant compared to yours. But it's still my life and a body we share. I need you to not be so careless in letting others touch or see it. Especially naked. You're a capable woman. You have other means to help people other than getting sexual. Thank you."
With that said, I felt a little better. I lay down on my pillow and turned my body over to her.
***
The hero didn't give what Jennifer said much thought. Her concerns didn't matter. She agreed to this deal and would have to bear the consequences. The night was already well underway, and she had to make up for lost time. Right off the bat, she found a simple mugging occurring at the back of a dead-end alley. With ease, she knocked down the perpetrator, leaving the victim safe. "Did he hurt you?" She asked him. Instead of answering, he pulled out a long knife and advanced menacingly at Lady Night Watch.
Ten other men then came out of hiding all around the hero. This was a trap. It was also kind of a compliment. Her hero work must have been impacting enough of these criminals' businesses that they went to the trouble of putting this together. But as nice of a gesture as this was, the danger was the issue. All ten men were armed with knives and boards, and a few had guns on them. Defeating them in a fight was, at best, a fifty-fifty chance. When a strategy works, don't be afraid to repeat it, she thought.
"Boobs, anyone," she said, jiggling her tits as she pulled her costume down. All ten men instantly became more relaxed but still cautious. She had some plans to correct that, though. Her costume was pulled all the way off, and she threw it off to the side. With a spin, she showed off her thong-clad body to the crowd of criminals who had all lowered their weapons now and forgotten why they were even there in the first place.
"You guys want to know a secret? No man has ever seen my pussy before. Should we change that tonight?" The men gave an enthusiastic yes, and the hero jumped up on top of a nearby dumpster, putting her five feet above the men. They all crowded around to watch as she teased her fingers around the straps of the thong. Turning around to face away from them, she slowly pulled down on the straps. The thin material covering her ass slowly fell down, revealing more and more of her booty. A sudden breeze confirmed to the hero her asshole was now on display and was joined shortly after by her pussy. The underwear fell to her feet, and she stood back up and turned around, proudly showing off her totally nude body for the first time.
These criminals and degenerates were all having the pleasure of being the first men ever to see Jennifer and the hero's nude body. Not a long-term boyfriend or a cute guy they decided to take a chance with, but these strangers who deserved to be in jail rather than getting sexually aroused. "I could use a cock in my mouth. Anyone got a hard one to spare?" She asked, and the men all cheered and volunteered.
Lady Night Watch picked a random one and jumped down off the dumpster. She made short work of his pants and got on her knees on the dirty pavement. The nine men watched as she took his entire length into her mouth over and over while, with a free hand, she massaged his balls. The hero sucked hard, and the man quickly lost it and blew cum all over the inside of her mouth. One gulp later, the hero was ready for more. "Fucking A grade cum there. Let's switch things up. Get me two eager boys and now," she ordered.
Two men pushed their way right in front of her and already had their erect dicks out and ready for her. She spit saliva into her hands and grabbed each dick. She then started sliding her hand up and down the shaft while looking up at each of the men. This excited the hero greatly. Each dick was loaded with hot cum and ready to spew it all over her any second. But she had no idea when it could happen. Over time her pace quickened, and Lady Night Watch breathed heavily from both the exertion of the act and the anticipation of getting cummed on. Finally, the man in her left hand shot a load onto the side of her face, followed by two smaller ones that hit her tits. She let out a surprised moan when this happened, which prompted her other friend to apply his own take on the art form that was her cum covered nude body.
"I need a dick between these sweet tits," she commanded, and a rather well-endowed gentleman took up the call. The hero lay on the pavement, and her chest was mounted by the man's dick, who got to work sliding it up and down while nestled between the large tits. Lady Night Watch pressed her boobs closer together, which made the process more pleasurable for both parties. The friction of dick sliding against her tits was a remarkable feeling. It felt even better when the man took charge and pressed the tits together himself, teasing her nipples in the process. She was so focused on her tits that she forgot about the possibility of getting cummed on. When it happened, she yelped out in surprise but became intoxicated by the smell of fresh cum.
She had made four of the men cum thus far, which wasn't even half the group. Over the next hour, she used her tits, hand, mouth, and often in combination to get all ten men to drain their balls. She even took on a few repeat customers. By the end, all ten men were spread over the alley basking in post-orgasm glow. With no more cocks for her to pleasure, Lady Night Watch smiled. She then grabbed the nearest man who had felt her tits extensively and slammed her fist into his face, knocking him out. She then drop-kicked onto the head of a nearby criminal whose cum sat in her stomach. She had four of the criminals out of commission before any of the remaining men even realized she was attacking them. The other six went down just as easily, with the final guy just getting on his feet by the time her fist slammed into him, just as he had slammed her mouth with his dick.
Her plan had worked, and all the criminals were out. She grabbed the phone from one of them and informed the police of the situation and that they should come and pick these men up. She wiped off what cum she could before donning her costume again and rushing off into the night minutes before the police arrived at the odd scene.
That had taken a big chunk of her night, but bagging ten criminals was worth it. As was experiencing so many dicks in new ways. If ever there was a win-win situation, then titty fucking and subsequently arresting criminals was it.
As the cum dried on her body, the hero knew on this night, she had a unique task she needed to do. The police were actively searching her out. They should be working together, not at odds as they are now. This must be corrected. Searching from the rooftops, Lady Night Watch found two police officers standing outside their patrol car. She landed on top of the car after jumping down from the second story of the building. The police were startled, and when they saw it was Lady Night Watch, they went to pull their guns out.
"Easy boys. I have a message to take back to your chief. It's a peace offering. Trust me, you'll want to hear it. I don't want to be on the bad side of the law, but I can't stop my mission to clean up these streets. So I offer this. In exchange for the police allowing me to operate, I will perform a striptease for the entire police force tomorrow evening. Stripping to fully nude. If your chief is agreeable to this, simply put out a statement tomorrow morning that says, 'Lady Night Watch is still at large.' I'll then show up at the station tomorrow at midnight, ready to show off my body."
The two men looked at each other in disbelief but were agreeable to forward the message. The hero leaped away without any further resistance from the two policemen. Another problem that would be solved using her sexuality rather than violence.
Heading toward the end of the night, Lady Night Watch had one more stop she wanted to do before heading back. Jennifer had made a pathetic plea for her not to use this body sexually but rather employ other methods. This civilian needs to learn that she has no say in how the hero functions. But words would not be enough. She needed to be shown a stronger message.
Lady Night Watch arrived at the convenience store that Jennifer managed. Inside, using her counterpart's memories, she saw Fisher and Helen working in an empty store. The hero walked through the door, and Fisher initially greeted her as if she were a customer. "Good evening. Let us...," he stopped once he got eyes on her. "It's you. Lady Night Watch. Thank you for everything you've done."
The hero eyed the store. It was odd being herself here after watching Jennifer spend so much time here. "Can... can we help you with anything, miss," Helen said as wide-eyed as Fisher.
"I understand this store was robbed a few days ago. In fact, you, young man, were here for it. Although I can't believe it made you feel very safe either, miss. As you know, I caught the scum that did it, but I'm not here just to catch criminals but to help victims as well. I've learned that nothing helps victims feel better than cumming. What's say we turn this store into a three-way?" She said, making her intentions clear.
The two co-workers look at each other. "You don't need to do that for us Lady Night Watch. You've done so much for us already. Sex isn't needed," Fisher said with a few cracks in his voice.
"Shut up, Fisher. You don't know what the fuck you are talking about," Helen said as she headed to the main doors. Locking them and flipping their sign to closed, she turned around and faced the hero. "We have a room in the back. I'm... not sure if I'm ready to go all the way, but I'm ready for something. Fisher is my co-worker, so I won't do anything with him. But after watching you and I for a bit, I'm sure he'll feel motivated to give up his virginity," she explained. Helen led the three of them to the break room, with the hero grabbing some condoms on the way.
Entering the room, the hero remembered that this body was a virgin. Jennifer had never had sex before despite having a boyfriend. She wouldn't be happy the hero did this at all, but this was to send a message to mind her own fucking business. But she truly did want to help these victims as well. Helen walked over to the sink in the corner and took a drink from her water bottle. "I can't believe I'm doing this, but I haven't been with anyone, man or woman, since the birth of my... oh shit, you got nice tits." Helen's thought was interrupted when she turned around and saw the hero fully out of her costume, baring her naked tits. Fisher was in awe of them himself, having never seen a woman's bare chest in person before.
The hero walked over to Fisher. "Could you help me out of my panties? They are ever so hard to take off," she said in a baby voice to the young man. The virgin boy couldn't get any words out but, with shaky hands, took hold of her underwear and slowly pulled it down. When the sight of her pussy came into view, the young man gasped and shivered. All the while, Lady Night Watch locked eyes with Helen. With her now fully naked, the single mom lunged at the superhero and embraced her in a passionate kiss.
"God, your lips are soft," Helen moaned as she had long desired to feel another woman kiss her lips. Her hands quickly felt up the curvy hero's body but predominantly her tits and ass. Lady Night Watch presented no protest to this, instead moaning as her body was given over to the young mother.
Fisher watched with wide eyes as the two women made out
and felt up each other's bodies. Helen's prediction that seeing them together would make him willing to have sex with the hero proved to be true. After a few minutes of tongue wrestling, the hero made a move to pull up Helen's shirt as she was eager to see what her body looked like. Helen, upon feeling this, pulled away, breathing heavily. "I... I think that's my limit for tonight. I don't think I'm ready to go further," she said red-faced.
"I'm ready," Fisher spoke up, seeing the opportunity. The hero needed no more prompting, so she rushed over and got on her knees in front of the eager young man. Almost instantly, she got his dick out and, wanting to taste it first, took it into her mouth. "Ahhhh," Fisher squealed as he felt, for the first time, a woman pleasure his manhood.
Lady Night Watch spent a minute filling her mouth with the taste of his cock and pre-cum while enjoying the texture against her lips. But she removed it after this short time as this wasn't what she came here to do. She opened one of the condoms she took and placed it on the very erect dick. Before getting up, the hero looked her soon-to-be lover over. He was nervous but eager. This was unknown territory for the hero as well, not to mention Jennifer.
She jumped onto the table in the break room, spread her legs wide, and hung just off the edge. It was an inviting sight to the horny boy who approached her while holding his cock. With the tip of his cock inches away from her pussy, he hesitated. He just needed a final push. "I've never wanted anything more than that cock in me, young man. Consider it a thank you to me for what I've done and my way of easing the pain of what you've been through. Now fuck me like the slut I desire to be," she said. This did the trick, and Fisher closed the gap and penetrated her virgin pussy.
The hero yelled out in a combination of ecstasy and pain. Pain, though, she was used to, and it quickly faded while the pleasure remained and grew. Fisher, meanwhile, was all pleasure and eagerly humped his cock deeper and deeper into the woman. He had simultaneously lost his virginity and taken that, unknowingly, of his boss's. But she wasn't here right now, and instead, he was fucking a hot superhero.
Helen watched all of this happen and lightly rubbed her body as she saw the hero writhe on the table from the feeling of a hard cock slamming her pussy. She started to doubt her choice to cut things off where she did, but she was glad to see the young man get some pussy. He was a nice guy and deserved this. It was odd how willing the hero had been to do this, but she wasn't going to question it.
Lady Night Watch had a big smile as she witnessed the ex-virgin concentrate on fucking her harder and harder. She could tell he was quickly working towards an orgasm. He would need to learn to slow things down and pay more attention to his partners in future sexual encounters, but for today, it was perfect. Her body was enjoying the experience as well, but a final grunt and thrust by Fisher confirmed to her that tonight would not lead her to an orgasm. But there were plenty of future nights to try...
The now sexually experienced young man finished filling the condom with his potent cum. After feeling the bare hips and legs of the hero one last time, he pulled out of the hero and sat in a nearby chair. The time was getting late, and she needed to get back. "Nicely done and well-earned, young man. You too miss. I wasn't sure how much I enjoyed being with a woman until tonight," Lady Night Watch said as she pulled up her thong.
"I'm sure your other co-workers will be kicking themselves when they hear they missed this opportunity. By the way, feel free to tell this story to everyone. I'm here to inspire people, and I can't do that if everything I do is secret." With that, she secured her costume and left the room. The two employees had nothing to say as they watched the curvy hero leave.
Back on the rooftop, she headed towards Jennifer's apartment. "I hope that message was clear. Leave me the fuck alone," she said out loud. A message intended for no one currently present but would soon be heard. Once in the apartment, the hero didn't hesitate and closed her eyes while lying in the bed.
***
Opening my eyes, I lay there staring at the ceiling for a while. The day had just started, but I felt exhausted. I couldn't process what that slut did with my body, and especially whom she chose to do it with. I was due to go to the store in less than an hour, where I would meet the man who had taken my virginity just thirty minutes ago. I had always seen myself as a mentor and protector of young Fisher. He was so innocent. And now he had plunged his dick into me and seen my naked body. True, he didn't know it was my body, but I knew. I knew very well.
Why had she done it? Because I asked her not to use my body sexually like she had been? I was punished for that? Well, bitch, I can punish you as well. Lying there, I realized my body smelled like cum from the many men she had let deposit their semen on and in her earlier. Every night, more men were seeing my body fully nude and getting pleasured by it. Even people I knew. I'm just thankful at least she had him wear a condom. The idea of bearing Fisher's child would be unthinkable. Not that getting impregnated by a random criminal was any better.
I took a shower and brushed my teeth, freeing myself from the cum that slut hero had freely accepted last night. While washing off, I felt immense guilt that I could no longer give my virginity to my boyfriend. Worst, Charlie had met Fisher multiple times and would continue to in the future. The idea of the man I cheated on my boyfriend with being so familiar with him was too strange. God damn you, Lady Night Watch.
Getting dressed, another horrible memory entered my head. The hero had made it clear she intended to strip for the entire police force tonight. But I remembered she had given the officer a way to signal their approval. I opened my phone and searched the news. Reading the most recent article about the hero they mention the police issued a statement less than an hour ago. 'Lady Night Watch is still at large.' That confirmed it. The police were expecting her to show up and get naked tonight. All of those men lusting after my shaking body. I couldn't allow that to happen. I would need to deal with that after work.
I arrived at the convenience store barely on time, having no desire to spend any more time there than I needed. Helen and Fisher were there finishing up their shift, but Cody and Glenn had already arrived. The four of them were in an intense conversation which to my dread, I knew the topic of. All four of my employees now knew of the sexual encounter that occurred with Lady Night Watch, but only I knew it was with the body of their boss. When I walked in, all four of them quieted down. "Hello, everyone," I said plainly.
They waved and said short greetings back to me but didn't bring up anything else. It seems they probably felt having sex at work was not something they wanted to freely admit to their boss. I was grateful for that, at least, as I had no desire to hear from Helen how sweet my lips tasted or how great my pussy felt from Fisher.
The work day proceeded awkwardly. For Cody and Glenn, it was because they knew they were keeping a secret about what happened in this very store in the early hours of the day. My secret, though, was much bigger. But the work day ended, and I left, trading small gestures as I went. I couldn't head home right away as I had two trips I wanted to make.
The first was to the police station. I had no idea how I would accomplish this, but I needed to convince them not to allow a certain large-chest heroine to perform an erotic striptease there tonight. Entering, I went up to the clerk at the front desk.
"Hello. I've gotten an anonymous tip that a notorious woman who has been giving you trouble will be coming here tonight... for a show. I'm here to strongly advise against that. She can't be trusted," I pleaded.
The officer on duty looked me over. "I don't know anything about any show here tonight. But why do you say whoever this is can't be trusted?" He was lying. Why would the police admit to hosting a superhero strip show anyway?
"Just trust me, you can't let her do this tonight," I again pleaded.
"What is your name miss?" He asked me while giving me a very untrusting look. This was going poorly and was about to get worse.
"Forget it. I'm confused. Goodbye," I said, turning to leave. Thankfully, the officer didn't detain me and let me go. I had tried and failed. Nothing was going to stop Lady Night Watch from showing every inch of my body to potentially hundreds of cops.
Expect for maybe one thing. I went into a... store for couples, where I purchased their best set of handcuffs. Ones made of thick steel and had no safety release. The woman made it clear to me to be careful with these when I use them for sex. I nodded and didn't correct her. I was going to use them to prevent sex.
Arriving back home, I waited until 10:30 pm, leaving the slut hero less time for god knows what. Before lying down, I put the handcuff key on the opposite side of the room from me. I connect one loop of the handcuffs to the metal frame of my bed and the other to my hand. I was securely stuck, and so was the hero. "I can create consequences for your actions as well. Back off the sexual stuff, or this will happen every night," I said out loud to the room. I laid my head on the pillow and turned over control of my body.
***
The hero stared at the handcuffs on her hands and was royally pissed off. She had increased strength, of course, but it was comparable to that of a weight lifter. Breaking the steel handcuffs was not going to happen. But she wouldn't let that bitch Jennifer stop her either. The key wasn't to break the handcuffs, but the bed frame it was attached to. The bar she was attached to was welded at the end, which would be the weak point. The heroine positioned herself to get maximum leverage and began stressing the bar at the weld. It took twenty minutes of continuous straining, but the bar broke off, and she was free. She grabbed the key and rid herself of her unwelcome accessory. She opened the window and threw the handcuff as far as she could. If Jennifer wanted to try that again, she would need to waste more money.
With that solved, the hero realized something else was different. She went to examine herself in the bathroom mirror and saw her old costume was gone. In its place was a two-piece costume that looked similar to a bikini. Not the most slutty of bikinis, but it showed off a lot more skin than the bodysuit, of course. But this change called for another. Lady Night Watch wasn't representative of her anymore. She needed a new one. Hot Wonder. That described her much better.
With Jennifer taking her time to go to bed and the time it took to free herself of the handcuffs, Hot Wonder needed to go straight to the police station. They had sent the confirmation message, and she was prepared to keep her end of the bargain. She entered the police station from the roof access. Entering from the main entrance would get a lot of outside attention the police probably didn't want. Upon entering the building, she encountered several male cops. "It's you. You're really going to do this," he asked, amazed.
"Of course. I always keep my word. Where are we doing this," she asked.
The officers excitedly led her to the large meeting room in the station, which they explained was the largest room they had. She entered, and a few cops were already gathered there. News of her arrival prompted every policeman and a few policewomen to join them, and soon, the room was packed with over a hundred cops. This included the chief as well, whom she addressed. "Chief, thank you for accepting my offer. From here on, we can work together, right?"
"All I promise is we will stop actively trying to arrest you. Don't make me regret that," he said.
"Honest men who encounter me never leave me feeling regret. But I owe you hard-working boys a show. I hope you like my new uniform. I think it shows people more of what I have to offer. I also have a new name to go along with it. Hot Wonder. Spread the word. Speaking of spreading...." The hero jumped up onto a table in the room to ensure all the horny boys and girls got to see her in action. One cop was kind enough to play some music she could dance to, which she did gleefully.
She shook her bikini-clad ass and tits for the officers while strutting around on top of the table. She bent over and rubbed her body extensively, teasing them before getting to the main show. She then pointed to her costume top, which garnered a lot of cheers. However, she next pointed to the bottoms, which got even louder, making it clear what they wanted to see first. Rather than remove them herself, she pulled up on the table one of the women officers present for her show.
The officer, while red-cheeked, played along and pulled down the bottoms, revealing the bare ass and pussy for the hundred cops present in the room. Hot Wonder stood proudly as the men enjoyed the sight of her nudity. She then indicated to the female office to remove her top. The hero stood there with her hands on her hip, posing heroically when her top fell off and showed off her ample tits. With her nude body on display, technically, she had completed her part of the deal and could leave, but these were men and women of the law. They deserved a bit more.
Not letting her female volunteer off the hook yet, she grabbed her and kissed her passionately. The officer did not resist and seemed to enjoy it herself. The unlocked lips and the cop took some initiative and fondled the hero's breasts a bit in front of her co-workers. That was her limit, and she climbed off the table. Enjoying the cheering police, Hot Wonder turned around and spread her legs apart before bending over fully. While bent over, her fingers found her pussy and rubbed for a bit. Next, she took a seat on the table and went spread-eagle and once again played with her vagina.
She showed off her body for another ten minutes. Taking on whatever pose she was requested to do. By the end of the show, they had seen every inch of her body manipulated however they wished. No longer needing to use their imagination, a hundred police officers would forever know what her, and of course, Jennifer's, naked body looked like. With a final round of applause and a salute from the captain, the hero waved goodbye while holding her costume. Making it back to the roof, she got dressed and prepared to finish out the night, making the city safer.
After spending an hour breaking up petty crimes and making out with a few victims, Hot Wonder came across a large fight between two groups of men. No weapons were involved, but things were getting more violent between them as time went on. In particular, two of the larger men were really whooping on each other as their friends gathered around them to cheer them on. The hero swooped in and got them pulled apart.
"Whoa, boys, take a break. What's going on here," she asked as she separated them.
"This mother fucker insulted me in front of my friends. I can't let that stand," one of them yelled.
"Well, he was looking at my sister yesterday. I need to protect my family," the other yelled back.
"Boys! We can yell and fight until our voices go hoarse and are covered in bruises. Or you could take my anal virginity. The choice is yours," she informed them.
"I will never... wait. Did you say anal?" Both men became completely uninterested in each other, which is what the hero intended. She pulled down her bottoms, put her hands against a nearby wall, and stuck her ass out.
"How about every thirty seconds, you guys take turns destroying my ass with your cocks. And like I said, you'll both be my first. But you can't fight anymore, deal?"
The men responded by getting their dicks out and not questioning the situation. Meanwhile, the dozen or so men watched as the hero they had heard so much about in the news was willingly getting butt fucked right in front of them. Showing a high level of respect for each other, one of the men agreed to let the other go first. Hot Wonder relaxed and prepared to receive his cock. Pressing his dick into her asshole, the hero took deep breaths as she felt the dick press into her. "Oh fuck, my ass is tight, and your cock is big," she yelled out. But she had managed it and was now getting fucked in her ass.
Not only was she now letting people have anal sex with her, this was also the first time she had sex out in the streets like this. Being so exposed and in such a vulnerable position excited her. As did the feeling of having her colon so satisfyingly get stretched out by this man's dick. As they had agreed, the first man withdrew from her, allowing the second a turn at destroying her ass. Having the second cock enter her was a bit less intense, although the man fucked her much more vigorously than the first. The hero's whines and moans filled the alley, and any passerby quickly figured out what was going on.
Her ass was passed back and forth between the two men continuously, with both showing impressive stamina. Covered in sweat and panting loudly, the hero told the men, "I need you guys to fill me up with your cum." Having reached their limits, each did exactly that on their next turns with her, and she collapsed onto the ground with a sore ass leaking cum. The two men high-fived and left as friends. Nothing bonds two men like fucking a woman's ass together in a dirty city alley.
After giving herself a minute, the hero pulled up her bottoms and went on her way to her next destination. A place she had visited just the night before but needed to go to again to keep things fair. As usual, this time of night, the convenience store was empty except for the two employees working tonight: Cody and Glenn. These two men heard all about the sexual adventure she had with their co-workers, Helen and Fisher. But they had to be wondering why did they get to fuck her and not them? Well, tonight would fix that.
She walked into the store, locked the door behind her, and switched the sign to closed. "You heard all about how I rocked your friends' world last night. I'm here to make sure jealousy doesn't arise. Get your cute butts to the back room and prepare to pound my pussy," the hero said, announcing her intentions. The two men did not question things and practically ran to the back room. Hot Wonder followed, grabbing two condoms on the way. When she got to the room, both men were already naked and erect.
"Walking into a room with two naked men sporting hard ons. You guys know exactly what this girl wanted to see." She didn't waste any time pulling off her top and bottoms, exposing the naked body of Jennifer to the last of her co-workers.
She rushed over to Glenn, the older of the two, who also happened to be married. Although he didn't seem to be thinking about his wife at this moment. She stuck her tongue down his throat and aggressively brought his hands to rest on her naked ass. The two kissed and groped for a bit before she addressed the other in the room. "Don't worry. You'll get your turn, hot stuff. I like making you squirm in anticipation of fucking me," she teased him.
She got on her knees and took the older man's cock into her mouth.
She wanted to know what all of Jennifer's co-worker's cock felt and tasted like. Both for her own curiosity and to drive Jennifer mad as well. The man was leaking pre-cum, the taste of which filled her mouth. The hero meticulously licked every inch of the cock before sitting at the edge of the same table their co-worker fucked her on. She threw him a condom. "Suit up and fuck me. Hard."
The experienced man got the condom on quickly and penetrated his boss's pussy. "God, what is it about the employees of this store and their fantastic dicks," she yelled as she felt the friction between his dick and the inside of her pussy produce a pleasant warmth inside her. She had enjoyed the butt fucking earlier but was eager to get her pussy pounded. Getting it smashed by someone that would piss off Jennifer was a nice bonus, although the hero had plans after this that would make this seem tame.
The older man got into a good rhythm pumping his cock into her drenched womanhood. Every thrust went just a bit deeper into her, and she felt like she had an itch that he was starting to scratch. In her mind, she begged him to relieve her itch as her ass spasm from the feelings she was getting. "Ahhhhhh," she yelled as the man's cock was getting her to the edge. Finally, with a powerful thrust into her deepest regions, Glenn burst the dam inside her, and waves of pleasure crashed throughout her body. The world around her went white, and what mattered was riding this orgasm as far as she could.
She didn't know how long she was in this state, but when the hero came to Cody was now fucking her very eagerly. Glenn was sitting in the corner looking very proud of himself, as he should be. Cody's dick felt a lot different, and the hero quickly figured out why. "Whoa, there, eager beaver. Get that dick a hat. I'm not fucking you raw...yet," she said with a wink to future plans.
"You're right. I'm sorry," he said, pulling out of her and putting on one of the condoms she had brought. He resumed where he left off and was back inside her fucking her vigorously.
"Naughty boy trying to get me pregnant...," she teased him.
She wrapped her legs around Cody, encouraging him to get deeper into her. The young man was much more handsy than his older co-worker and enjoyed the feeling of his boss's tits, as did the hero enjoyed his hands on her. Cody liked it so much that he filled his condom with his cum. "I'm sorry I couldn't last longer and make you cum," he said, a bit ashamed.
This wouldn't do. The hero sat up and grabbed him, kissing him on the lips. "I came here to feel your dick inside me, and that's exactly what you gave me. And I'll be back for more," she informed him truthfully.
She got dressed again, which was becoming a frequent activity of hers while she was on patrol. With the important parts covered, she headed to her next planned location. Ten minutes later, she was watching through the window of a young man's apartment who was watching TV currently. This was Charlie, the boyfriend of Jennifer. Visiting the convenience store and fucking those two guys was done for the pleasure of the hero. Fucking Charlie will be to get back at that bitch for trying to imprison her tonight with those handcuffs. "Enjoy remembering your precious man fucking me, Jennifer," Hot Wonder whispered to herself.
She entered the window to the surprise of Charlie. "Who are you? Wait, you're that hero lady. What are you doing here," the boy asked. The hero stood in front of him, purposely sticking her chest out.
"I am the hero, Hot Wonder, and I've been watching you. You are a shining beacon in this community. The way you act and your kindness to others are all an inspiration to me and everyone. I wanted to reward you for that," she said, taking a few steps towards the boy.
"I don't know if I'm that great of a person. I just try to do what's right. What do you mean by reward? Wait, what...," his thought was interrupted by seeing the hero remove her top, showing off her naked tits to him freely. The tits which were also that of his long term girlfriend.
"I... I have a girlfriend," were the only words he managed to get out while staring at the first tits he had ever seen in person.
"You mean Jennifer? A girl who hasn't called you in days and barely talked to you when you last called her? And despite being together for years, she has yet to get physical with you outside of kissing? Is that a girlfriend or a girl who enjoys you paying for things? Shouldn't she be doing things like this for you?" She turned around and pulled off her bottoms, giving him the sight of Jennifer's pussy that he had long to see and was unknowingly enjoying now.
"Forget about her for one night and get that dick wet," the hero said, throwing him a condom she had kept from the store. It was sorely tempting to fuck him bareback, but it wasn't time yet.
Charlie caught the condom, and his eyes darted back and forth between it and the naked woman standing before him. "I'm sorry, Jennifer," he said to himself before taking off his pants.
"Fuck yeah," the hero shouted while also whispering, "and fuck you, Jennifer," to herself. Not wanting to waste any time but wanting to get as many experiences as possible, she got on her knees before the young man, took hold of his rather impressively sized cock in one hand, and started licking it up and down its shaft. Her hand stroked the dick, and she took him into her mouth. "Mmmm," she moaned, enjoying his salty taste. Her lips hugged him tightly as they ran across his skin. Her tongue continued to massage his dick wherever it could reach. For two minutes, she kept him in her mouth before moving on.
Taking his stiff cock out of her mouth, she commanded him to "Stroke that fat dick of yours between my big titties." She lay on the ground, rubbing her boobs together as she awaited his member. The wide-eyed Charlie did as he was asked, flopping the dick onto her chest. Squeezing her large breasts together, the masked hero's tits became wet with pre-cum and other fluids as he humped his dick on her chest.
"Your girlfriend is such a dumb bitch for withholding pleasure like this from you. You're cock is amazing Charlie," the hero moaned. Jennifer's boyfriend made no vocal protests hearing this 'stranger' insult his girlfriend as he was too distracted.
"My pussy is soaked and ready for you to lose your virginity. See if you can't fit that monster inside me and make me squirm," the hero encouraged the young virgin. He fumbled with the condom but eventually got it on and, with shaky hands, directed the tip of his dick to the hero's vagina. With a strong thrust, he was in her, and Hot Wonder had accomplished what Jennifer was too chicken to do all these days. Fuck Charlie.
"Oh god, you're stretching me out so good. Hump me like the slut you wish your girlfriend is," she moaned, continuing to get off on shaming the girlfriend of the man she was fucking.
Charlie was proving to be quite good at fornicating, and the tip of his dick kept hitting a sensitive spot in her. Every time he hit it, the hero's stomach would tighten, building up a pressure inside her. Hot Wonder continued to think how much of an idiot Jennifer was for not getting plowed by this man daily.
"I'm cumming! Oh god, I'm cumming hard," she yelled out after the pressure inside her released, making her whole body tremble. Despite the sight of her writhing body beneath her, the boyfriend was still going when the hero recovered from her second orgasm of the day. "God, you're being wasted dating that frigid bitch. How are you doing?"
"I'm getting close to cumming," he informed her.
That gave Hot Wonder an idea. "Pull out of me, take off your condom, and cum in my ass," she said.
"You... want me to have anal sex with you?" he asked after withdrawing his cock.
"Yeah. I love the feeling of hot guy cum in my colon. Now do it," she said, sticking her ass up in the air. Charlie obeyed, and the hero had her third cock ass fuck her. She had done everything possible with Charlie, which had been her plan. Now, when, if ever, Jennifer decided to get physical with her boyfriend, she would always know it was the second person he would be doing it with. Kinda.
He pushed into her hard and was able to move in and out with ease. It didn't take long before the hero felt her ass being filled with his cum, and Charlie had come inside a woman for the first time. "God, that was incredible. Can I come back some times and we do more of that," she asked as she started to get dressed.
Charlie paused for a bit before finally saying, "Yeah." That's all she needed to hear, and she left out the same window she arrived in.
Arriving back at the apartment, the hero was anxious to turn the body back over to Jennifer to see her reaction. So many things for her to freak out about.
***
"YOU HAD ANAL SEX WITH MY BOYFRIEND, YOU FUCKING SLUT," I yelled out as soon as I woke up. I realized maybe I shouldn't be yelling out things that I don't want my neighbor to be hearing but I was rightfully upset. My ass still hurt from where my boyfriend fucked me, or more accurately, her. It was weird knowing Charlie's cum was inside me right at this moment.
But Charlie cheated on me. True, it was with my own body, but he didn't know that. I was obviously furious with Hot Wonder or whatever the fuck she is calling herself in that slutty new costume. But it was my boyfriend who I was most disappointed with. While he showed some slight hesitancy, he quickly agreed to cheat on me in so many different ways. Even worse, he indicated he was on board to do it again. That bitch said so many mean things about me, and he just stayed silent and continued fucking her while she did so. I know I was taking things very slow with him. Was he that upset about it that he would cheat on me the second he got a chance? I would need to call him later and figure out whether I had a future with him or not. God damn you Hot Wonder.
"And my ass is not a tool to offer to gang members to work out their differences," I said out loud. But I knew saying these things would make no difference. The hero was going to do what she wanted and with who she wanted, with our regards to me. Knowing she was freely offering access to my ass was so embarrassing. I was never the type of girl that ever planned to have anal sex, and now in a single night three men had done it with my body. And I had no idea who two of them were.
Oh god, that's right. She went back to convenient store. I have now gotten sexual with all of my employees, including vaginal sex with all my male co-workers. I've met Glenn's wife multiple times. She is such a nice woman, and now my body was used to facilitate cheating on her. I know I shouldn't feel guilty about that, but I did. At least she is continuing to use condoms, but she started to make remarks indicating that could change in the future. The idea of me carrying the child of one of my employees... I couldn't even think about the possibility right now.
Through all of this, somehow, my nude body being viewed by a hundred police officers was the least shameful. It's been less than a week, but already I was getting apathetic to strangers seeing my naked body. This didn't work last time, but I had to try again. I got up and walked by the dining table. "Spirit, lady, person. I need you," I yelled out again, hoping my neighbors weren't hearing me.
"What is it this time, Jennifer," she said from behind me, scaring me again.
I turned and tried to address her confidently. "You need to take this soul inside me back. She's out of control. She's anal fucking gangsters and doing things specifically to get back at me. She went out and fucked my boyfriend. That isn't helping the city or fighting crime. She's just doing it to screw with me," I pleaded.
"Jennifer, I made it clear at the start that this couldn't be undone once you agreed. I'm sorry it isn't working out like you hoped but from what I'm seeing the hero is continuing to help others. True, she is enjoying the sexual side of things, but all she is doing is amplifying you're own personality."
That explanation got me flustered. "Amplifying my personality? Nothing about me screams, let's go fuck some strangers on the street," I growled in rebuttal.
"You need to accept the situation Jennifer. I will not respond to your calls anymore. The only way to help your situation is to look inside yourself," the spirit said as she faded away. The only thing inside me right now is my boyfriend's cum, leaking out of my ass.
I had the day off, thank the heavens. I wouldn't need to go and face my 'lovers,' at least not today. Instead, I had a plan. I got dressed and headed out to do some errands. First, got some fabric. Fabric that matched the colors of a certain hero's costume. If I could dress like her, I could cause her all kinds of headaches during the day. It was a dangerous gamble, but my ass was sore, and I was pissed out about it. I spent the afternoon working on it, getting to about halfway completed. I took what I had done and headed to the bank, specifically my security deposit box where I stashed my work. If I left this in the apartment, the hero would destroy it when she got up. Unless she planned on breaking into the bank, my work would be safe for the night.
On the way back, a newspaper stand caught my eye. According to the headlines, the police have officially called off their hunt for the hero, Hot Wonder. They now feel she is a positive influence on the community and look forward to future interactions with her. Future interactions? Oh god.
I spent the evening fretting about what she would do next. Maybe my threat of the costume would be enough and she would calm down with things. At this stage, I would accept her doing a lot of sexual things in her duties, provided she stopped retaliating against me. I couldn't stand worrying about it anymore and laid down and closed my eyes.
***
Waking up, the hero was not surprised that Jennifer was not getting the message and continued trying to thwart her. This idea of hers to re-create her costume would not pan out. However, the hero did not concern herself with needing to retrieve and destroy the half-completed costume. She had plans later in the night that would take care of that minor annoyance. For now, it was time to fight crime.
While patrolling from the rooftops, Hot Wonder came across a group of men fighting. It was chaos. It wasn't clear who was with who, and emotions were high. The only option was to break up this fight with violence. Not the hero's favorite method but sometimes the only choice. As she landed on the street in the middle of the mayhem, she realized she needed an edge. She took off her top and threw it off to the side. This proved effective as one man ran up to her with his fist raised, but the sight of her naked tits gave him pause. This created a large window for the hero to knock out the horny gentleman and move on to the next. Each fight she encountered ended the same way, with each guy getting an eye full of her tits and then knocked to the floor. Five minutes later, the scene was calm, and she had resolved the situation.
Turning to leave, she saw several eyewitnesses standing by and filming her. She approached them calmly and addressed the cameras, still fully topless. "Hey guys, Hot Wonder here. Don't be like these guys. Resolve your disagreement with words, not fists. But I hope you enjoy the show," she said with a wink and a quick rubbing of her chest. She retrieved her top and was off to continue making the city safer.
A bit later, the hero trailed a nervous-looking kid. She knew enough to recognize the look of someone planning to do something illegal. He entered a gas station and Hot Wonder followed, slipping into the door and ducking down before anyone noticed her. The young man stood next to a cooler filled with beer, continuously looking around. Finally, having built up enough courage, he grabbed three beers and stuffed them under his sweater. This was when she decided to reveal herself.
"How old are you, kid," she asked, standing behind him. Startled, a beer fell out of his sweater, which Hot Wonder caught with her foot.
"Please don't turn me in. I'm only eighteen. I'm just stealing these cause a girl I like asked me to get them. I won't try it again," he pleaded. The hero returned the three cans to the cooler before taking the teenager by the hand. She led him out of the store and into a dark alley.
"Why are we here? Are you going to hurt me," he asked in a scared voice. Doing nothing of the sort, Hot Wonder pulled down her bottoms and put her hands on the nearby wall, sticking her pussy out.
"A real girl doesn't need a guy to commit a crime for her before she lets him fuck him. That's the lesson I want you to learn today. I don't have any condoms, so you'll be fucking me bareback. So please pull out and finish on my ass when you cum." To further encourage him to penetrate her, she wiggled her ass and rubbed her clit in front of the confused but turned-on guy.
He didn't need further clarification and didn't question if this was a trick. He took off his pants and got behind her. She wished all men would accept a free-use pussy as unquestionably as he did. His dick plunged into her, and she was having sex with a bare dick. It felt so intimate having his bare skin rub inside her pussy. It slid easily as her pussy was well lubricated. Lately her womanhood seemed to always produce ample juices, regardless of the situation. The teenager fucked like a virgin, eagerly like it was a race for him to cum. But it was still a blast for the hero.
She hoped he remembered not to cum inside her, but that danger made the sex only hotter. Maybe she secretly hoped he would disobey her, but in the long term, that would cause big issues. However, her fears / wishes were not realized, and the guy pulled out just in time to unload his cum onto her back. At least she thinks he didn't put any cum in her.
She turned around and faced the panting boy. "Lesson learned, I trust," she asked him. All he did was nod and pull up his pants before running off. Likely to try and get in that other girl's pants through more legal means. The hero wiped off the cum on her back before tasting a bit of it herself. She then pulled up her bottoms and moved on to her next task.
In dealing with various criminals, one thing had become apparent to the hero. There was some kind of organized crime operating in this city. Maybe not a huge operation, but if left unchecked it could become an issue. From the small bits of information she had gotten from people, she knew they operated a club nearby. She needed to go there and get more information about who was leading this. But showing up as Hot Wonder would only scare them away. She might pick up a few small-time crooks at the club, but the organization would disappear for months without a trace. She needed a disguise or rather a lack of a disguise.
Taking the odd trip back to the apartment, the hero removed her costume and put on some of Jennifer's clothes. She needed to dress sexy, which was not something Jennifer seemed to know how to do. She found a skirt and tore off a significant part of its length such that it only covered down to part of her thigh. She had a decent thong that she chose to wear, but for a top, she found a button-up shirt. By not wearing a bra and leaving numerous buttons undone, her outfit was completed. For once, this civilian counterpart actually had some value to the hero. Besides having a boyfriend for her to fuck.
Walking the streets towards the club she got a lot of whistles and sexual comments, informing the hero her outfit worked. From what she heard, this club was difficult for a customer to get into. But she wasn't planning on spending money. Quite the opposite. Walking up to the doorman, she introduced herself. "Hi! I'm Jennifer. I'm here for a job."
"What kind of job," the man asked, looking down at her blouse and her nearly visible nipples.
"The kind of job that will have me shaking my naked tits on a stage in front of a large group of strangers in the next thirty minutes." Eyeing over Jennifer's full body, he nodded in agreement.
"I think we can arrange for that, Jennifer."
He led her into the club and through a side door. It was an office where a sleazy-looking man was counting money. "Boss. This girl wants to be a stripper," the doorman informed the man. The boss eyed her body. He had her spin, bend over, and asked her measurements. All of which the hero did without question.
"We have girls come in here claiming to want to strip, but as soon as they get on stage, they clam up and refuse to do anything more than dance. Are you one of those girls," he asked.
"Put me on the stage right now, and I'll show you exactly what I want to do," Hot Wonder said.
"I can't pay you to strip right now. You need to get into the system first."
"Then let me strip for free tonight. We'll call it an audition," she said with a smile.
The boss liked this answer and nodded to the man that brought her here. He took her backstage and notified the manager. "Let me know something about you that the announcer can say. People like to know a bit about the girl whose tits they are watching jiggle. I'll call you when it's your turn," the manager said. The hero wrote up a brief description of herself that she couldn't help but laugh at when she did.
"Jennifer will kill me if she could after this," she said to herself. Ten minutes later, she was called upon to strip.
Prior to heading out to the stage, the announcer read off her card. "We have a brand new girl for you tonight who has never stripped before. In fact, she lost her virginity just a few days ago! Her name is Jennifer, and she is a manager of a convenience store. Let's hear it for Jennifer!" The hero was disappointed he didn't say the exact store she worked at, but he told her ahead of time that would be a bad idea, and she couldn't talk him into it. Still, she hoped people would find the store and recognize her as a stripper, much to Jennifer's embarrassment.
Hot Wonder busted out of the curtains onto the stage in front of probably two hundred hollering men. Immediately, she pulled up her shirt, sending buttons flying everywhere and revealing her breasts. If the boss is watching, and he likely is, that sent him a clear message about her lack of reluctance. She walked out onto the middle of the runway stage confidently, practically skipping such that her now naked tits bounced considerably. Now surrounded by horny men at nearly at sides of the stage, she reached up under her skirt and pulled down her thong, throwing it into the crowd. The hero had no idea if stripping nude was allowed here or not but didn't care. With her skirt barely covering her, men were trying to get an upskirt view of her bare pussy. She walked to the edge of the stage and turned around. She bent over, and the men on that side no longer had to wonder as this gave them a clear view of her womanhood.
Hearing loud complaints from the other side, she hopped over there and repeated this move for them. Thinking that was enough teasing, she pulled down her skirt, and every eyeball in the large room could see her in all her naked glory. From here, Hot Wonder took advantage of the pole on the stage and contorted her body in every way she could. Often, this would result in her legs spreading wide open for the crowd. She loved the attention, and, as usual, her pussy was soaking wet. As tempting as it was to bring up a man on stage to fuck her raw, that would probably get her in trouble. But she did allow several men to motorboat her naked tits before she gave a final wave and exited the stage.
The manager and a few of the regular girls congratulated her on a successful debut and begged her to take on the job when the boss offered it. The manager brought up something then. "The boss was wondering if you would be willing to do a private show for a VIP client," he informed her.
"Only if that means I get to blow the client," the hero replied.
"Well, we're not supposed to say that part out loud, but yeah, that's what he meant."
The hero, still posing as Jennifer, elected to stay fully nude. She had teased enough tonight. Now, it was time for the real show. She entered a small room where an older man was waiting. "Oh wow. You don't waste any time, do you," he said, looking over her naked body.
"I don't, and neither should you," she said, running up to the man and kissing him. She knows strippers don't typically kiss men in the club, but she didn't care. It was Jennifer who was signing up to be a stripper, not Hot Wonder. She encouraged the man to feel up her body, which he happily did. After she felt like he had touched everything she had sufficient, she pushed him down into the chair.
She rushed to get his cock out. "Wow, you are eager," the man commented. She didn't respond back as she took his cock into her mouth and got to work wetting it thoroughly with her lips. She had just had two hundred men watch her naked, and she was worked up. She needed to fill her mouth with the taste of cum as soon as possible. She wasn't subtle with her cock sucking as she ran her lips vigorously up and down his shaft. Simultaneously, her hands found his balls and lightly massaged them. It didn't take long, but the unnamed stranger grunted and filled her mouth with his cum, to the great pleasure of the hero.
She swallowed it and thanked the man. "I really needed that, thank you," she said to him.
He looked as if he had never been thanked before for having his cock sucked and simply replied, "You're welcome."
She left the room, and the manager was waiting for her. "We got more 'VIP clients' waiting if you're up for it," he said with a smile.
"Can we just say hard cocks you want me to get face fucked with," she replied. Over the next hour, she swallowed the cum of five more men before she was informed the club was closing.
"When I end up working here, just remember I'll take on all the cocks you give me," she said, smiling as she thought about Jennifer getting pressured by the club to take this job.
"Before you go, the boss wants to see you," he said.
Hot Wonder, still fully naked, entered the original office where she saw the boss. "I've got to say, I've never seen a girl have a better audition than you. The job is yours and then some. Shall we celebrate with a blow job?" He said with a devious smile.
"Excuse me? I think not," the hero replied, crossing her arms defiantly. The smile on the man's face dropped into a furious look.
"And why the fuck not?"
"My lips are for the customers. My pussy is for you," she replied.
"That's the best goddamn answer to any question I've ever asked," he said with his previous smile returning with a vengeance.
He pulled out a condom from his office drawer and put it on his dick. Still sitting in his chair, the hero walked around the desk and straddled his legs. Position the cock, she sat on it, taking it fully into her. "Oh god, did I need this. I was so fucking horny all night long. Promise me you'll keep doing this with me at the end of my shifts," Hot Wonder pleaded with him as she bounced up and down on his cock. Her pussy was a river, and she felt her juices flowing down her legs as every thrust into her seemed to only get her wetter. But soon, another feeling was building in her. A pleasant warmth right where the dick was penetrating her.
This feeling turned into a fire. Not a painful one, but one that was driving her mad. It was threatening to spread to her whole body as the dick continued its relentless onslaught on her pussy. Moaning like a wounded animal, the hero yelled out loudly as the fire in her burst into her whole body and entered a deep climax. Her body collapsed onto her boss, who continued to push his dick into her. But soon enough, he reached his own climax and filled the condom with his potent cum. The hero leaned over and kissed the man on the lips. "Thank you for this," she said to him.
With the fun completed, they got to the paperwork. Hot Wonder filled in all of Jennifer's information. Address, phone number, full name, social security. Everything. She was now a full-on employee of a strip club. She also indicated that she could only work days up till about 9 pm. In other words, when Jennifer was in control of the body. "I expect you to show up for work. If I don't see you back here soon, I'll visit you myself," he made clear.
"I might have to introduce you to my boss sometime," he mentioned. That was what she was waiting for.
"Yeah? I'd love to meet him, maybe even do a lot more than simply meet him. Who is he anyway," she said as his cock still rested inside her.
"He's Tony Fields. Hell of a guy. I hope you get the chance to 'do more than meet him.'" With that, the hero completed what she had come here for. She finished up the paperwork, got some clothes to wear home, and left. Arriving back at the apartment, it was still an hour till sunrise, but the hero wasn't done yet. However, what she had planned didn't involve getting back into her hero costume at all.
She changed into one of Jennifer's bra and panties sets. She set up Jennifer's camera on her phone to record her where she stood. Hitting record, she started her performance. "Oh Cody. I couldn't sleep all night thinking about you and your hot body. Every day I see you at work, it takes all my willpower not to take you to the back room and... well, I really shouldn't say. Just know I'm thinking of you." The whole time she played Jennifer in this movie, she rubbed her body all over. She hit stop and sent it to Jennifer's young employee.
She changed into a button-up shirt but wore nothing under it. She buttoned up the shirt just enough to hide her nudity. Again, she hit record. "Glenn. Glenn, Glenn, Glenn. Your wife is a lucky woman. I stare at your pants every day, wondering how big your cock is. I would love to get my hands on... oh, I shouldn't talk like this to my married employee. But can you blame me?" The hero turned around and unbuttoned the shirt and pulled it down, revealing her bare back but just keeping her butt covered. "See you soon," she said with a wink. She reached over and stopped the video. A few more clicks on the phone, and the video was off. Half way there.
Hot Wonder changed into a tight T-shirt along with the smallest panties she could find. This time, she took the phone to her bed and lay down with the camera looking down on her. She clicked record again. "Hi, Helen. Jennifer here. I'm just hanging out in my tight T-shirt and thong. You can see how much my nipples pop in it," she informed the employee while directing the camera along her whole body. "I know you are... an adventurous woman, and I think about that all the time. What would it be like if you were here in bed with me? Touching me. Me touching you. Oh fuck what am I saying? I need to stop talking, or I'm going to have to change my panties again," with that, she ended the video and sent it out. Only one to go.
She took off her T-shirt and only wore the thong. She again set up the camera as before so it would record her standing there. She covered her tits, barely, with one arm before hitting record. "Hey, Fisher... it's your boss, Jennifer. I've made and deleted this video like ten times. I'm... I'm falling for you. I know I shouldn't be as I'm your boss. But just know I'm thinking about you, and one of these days, I might have to act on these feelings. Even if it's just for one night. One very hot, messy, risky night." At the end of the video, she moved her arm just enough to show off a bit of areola before hitting stop. She sent the final video and laughed at just how much she had fucked over Jennifer this night.
"I hope your costume turns out good, Jennifer," she said before laying her head down on the pillow and closing her eyes.
***
I woke up hyperventilating and rushed to my phone. Despite my shared memories with the Hot Wonder, I was in denial that she had sent those videos to my employees. But staring at the word sent below each video, I knew they had been. Helen had even texted back a message. 'Jennifer... you are so gorgeous.' Just then, my phone vibrated, and Glenn sent his own reply. 'I feel the same way...'
Thoughts raced through my head. Maybe I tell them I'm drunk. But I'm going to be at work in an hour and see these people. Maybe I claim I sent it to the wrong number. But I said their names in the videos and indicated I was their boss. That wouldn't fly. I had no clue how to back out of this. My employees think I'm lusting after them. They are also in possession of compromising videos of me. Fucking superhero bitch.
I knew my costume idea was a bust. What was I even going to do with it anyhow? Embarrass her? Doing what? Getting filmed doing something perverted. Oh fuck that reminded me. I turned on the TV, and sure enough, there was a news story about Hot Wonder. "As you can see in this censored video, the female crime fighter successfully broke up a fight despite being mostly naked. For an uncensored version of this video, check out our news site or my personal Twitter page."
There it was. Video of my naked tits on full view for the world. Given the popularity of her, I would bet the view counts on those uncensored videos will be through the roof. But I took a deep breath. That might be my body, but that isn't me. Nobody knows that is Jennifer... FUCK! The strip club! All of those men saw me, Jennifer, stripping nude. I also blew all those guys and fucked that guy as Jennifer. There's no way he can expect me to actually start work as a stripper, right? No. I'll just never show up and that will be that. Oh god, if anyone recognizes me from the club...
I made my mind blank and got ready for work. I couldn't hide from this forever and skipping work today would only make things more awkward later. I needed to at least prevent my employees from revealing I sent all of them half-naked videos of myself.
I arrived at work just as Cody and Fisher were leaving. They both gave me lusty smiles and winks. I didn't have the chance to speak to them individually, and I shuddered to think about what they were going to do with those videos I sent them this morning. Especially Fisher's, where I nearly showed off my nipples. But as I entered the store, Helen and Glenn came in behind me. Shit, I really hoped I could have spoken to them one of them before the other arrived.
Both of them caught my eyes with equally horny looks. Did they come here today thinking I was going to fuck them right here and now? I started the shift with the usual activities and tried to lose myself in work. Soon, though, Glenn got me by myself isolated in the store away from the ears of Helen. He approached me, putting his hands on my hips, and got in close. "I got your video. I say we got for it today. You and me," he said in a low voice.
"I... I think that's a bad idea, Glenn. I shouldn't have sent that video and I'm sorry for teasing you like that. It was a one-time mistake. I'm sorry," I said, getting free of his hands.
"Take your time until you're ready, Jennifer. I can wait. In the meantime, feel free to send me more videos to enjoy..." he said as I walked away. He still thinks the videos reflect how I feel, but at least I avoided fucking him in the store for now.
Later on, Helen found her own opportunity to speak with me. "I'm... I think I'm ready to do this. Especially if it's with you, Jennifer. I've never... been with a woman before, but I realize now that I want to be. And I want that woman to be you," she said, confessing her lesbian lust for me. Oh god, that probably was really hard for her to do. Could I just knock her down like this? I can't...
"I'm so happy to hear you say that, Helen. But I need to take things very slowly. Let's hold off on doing anything for now," I said in a lie. I know I was kicking the can down the road, but it's all I could think to do.
The workday was filled with flirty looks and touches from them both, but they seemed to be oblivious to what the other was doing with me. The big crisis happened when a customer came in, looked at me, and declared, "You're that stripper from last night!" I quickly told him to shut up, but it was too late.
Both Glenn and Helen heard him. "You're working as a stripper, Jennifer," Glenn asked me.
The stranger answered for me. "Fuck yeah. She was the hottest one of the night. It was her first time doing it, too."
"It was a one-time thing, and I won't be doing it again!" I yelled out. All three were disappointed to hear that.
"How far did you go," a curious Helen asked.
"Can we not talk about this, please," I pleaded.
"She got fully nude and showed off her pussy extensively. I'm talking spread-eagled. Even let some guys touch her tits," the stranger said, ignoring me.
"Fuck...," both Helen and Glenn said with their mouths agape.
"And it's never happening again. Thank you for coming," I said, pushing the guy out of the store.
Before he left, he told me in a hushed voice, "One-time thing? Yeah right. You blew my buddy in the back room. I'm sure we'll be seeing you a lot more there."
My employees had a thousand questions for me when I got back in. 'Have I stripped before?' 'Do I do it for the money or the thrill of men seeing me naked?' 'Could I show them my routine sometime?' 'Let us know next time you will be performing.' It was a terrible day.
I got home and collapsed on my bed. I felt utterly humiliated and defeated. "You win Hot Wonder or whatever you want to be called. Do what you will," I said out loud. Despite it being early, I lay on my pillow and closed my eyes.
***
The hero woke up with a big smile. The looks on Jennifer's face when she was revealed to have stripped the night before was worth all the effort. When she sat up, she felt something was different about her and headed to the bathroom mirror. Her costume had changed again. She was now wearing a small thong for bottoms that showed off the entirety of her ass and barely hid her pussy. Her top featured a massive amount of cleavage and even had some underboob popping out. It was about as minimal of a costume as she could have, and she loved it.
Of course, as before, a new costume required a new name, and she knew just what to go with. From here on, she would be Slut 4 Justice. Although she would accept being called just Slut as well. Being eager for others to see her wearing this, she headed out the window. Tonight, rather than patrolling from the rooftops, she went straight to the streets.
On the ground, she gathered a lot of attention. People approached her to confirm who she was, and she informed the crowds of her new hero name. As she walked the streets, she happily posed for pictures. She encouraged her fans to get in close and even grab her body. Butt, boobs, whatever they fancied. Slut 4 Justice would even flash her tits if prompted or if she felt like it. A few times, she even made out with guy's girlfriends with their encouragement. She never felt better about being a hero.
In addition to getting out with the people, she did actual crime work. She came across a few muggings and even a robbery. All of these she stopped and then comforted the victims with a strip show and a tit fuck. Later in the night, she encountered a group of young men in their early twenties hanging out. They weren't doing anything illegal, but she was concerned. Approaching them, she struck up a conversation. "Good evening young men. I trust you all are avoiding anything illegal tonight," she asked them.
"Holy fuck, you have nice tits," one of them informed me to try and seem cool to his friends.
"Normally, commenting on a woman's body like that is a bad idea. But for me, I welcome it. But you can't fully see them under this top," she said as she pulled her top over her head, showing the group of guys her tits.
"Now that you can fully see them, do you still think they are nice," she asked the guy. He didn't answer as he was too distracted, gawking at them.
"If you boys promise to hold off on doing any crimes, I'll blow you all here right now," Slut 4 Justice said to the crowd of boys. They were very agreeable to those terms. Over the next hour, the hero took cock and cock into her mouth. Each one had its own unique taste and texture, and all unloaded the contents of their balls down the busty heroine's throat. By the end of the hour, her stomach was filled with the semen of fourteen different guys. Some of them had called friends over to get in on the action. Putting her top back on, she thanked the teenagers for their commitment to not doing crime and was off into the night.
After flashing her pussy for a picture, a police car pulled up. At first, the hero was worried they would arrest her, but instead, they needed her help. "There's a crazy guy in the clinic on 4th street who is threatening to harm his hostages unless you show up," he informed me.
She immediately ran for the area and found a large gathering of police, news trucks, and spectators watching the scene. An officer approached her, eyeing her tits for a bit first, and then addressed her. "Here's the situation. There's a guy up in that upper window with a megaphone claiming he wants to see you," he explained.
The hero nodded and approached the building cautiously. When she reached the open and well-lit area in front, she heard the man address her over the megaphone. "Hold it right there, Hot Wonder," he instructed.
"It's Slut 4 Justice now," the hero yelled back.
"Slut 4 Justice? Really? Whatever. Hold it right there. You are a symbol of hope for this city, but I will show them how you are just a whore of a woman. If you don't strip nude right where you stand in front of all of these people and cameras, I will start harming the hostages," he said menacingly.
Has he not seen the videos of me fighting topless, the hero thought. "If you want to see my tits and ass, you could have just asked. No need to put people in harm's way," she yelled out. Not wasting time, she pulled her top of her head and then pulled down her bottoms, getting fully nude again. She turned to face the cameras and ensure they got a good view of her whole body before facing the villain again.
"You see, she is just a slut. Not someone to look up to. Now, for the ultimate humiliation, I want you to remove your mask for the cameras," he commanded.
That was the one thing the hero wasn't willing to do. But she had a counterproposal. "How about instead of that, you come down here and fuck me on live TV," she hollered at him.
After another long pause, he replied simply, "What?"
Rolling her eyes, she yelled back, "Instead of me revealing my identity, come down here and fill my pussy with your dick. The cameras will capture all of it."
"Nice try, but as soon as I come down, you'll just beat me up."
She shook her head. "A hero is only as good as her word. If I lie to you in front of all these people, no one will ever trust me again. I'll do exactly as I say. Now get down here. My pussy is soaked and needs a hard dick," Slut 4 Justice yelled in an annoyed voice.
Another pause, but finally, he said, "I'll be down in a second."
Two minutes later, a middle-aged man of small stature emerged from the building. Immediately, the police started to make a move on him, but the hero held up her hand. "I made a promise to have sex with this man on television. I intend to keep that promise. Go inside and check on the hostages while I'm getting my mound plowed," she commanded.
The officers listened and left the man alone, charging into the building instead. He slowly approached the naked heroine, still not fully trusting of her intentions. "I never thought this night would end with me losing my virginity to you," he said as he stood before her.
"And I'd hoped the night would end with me getting laid. So, at least things went to plan for one of us. Now lay on the ground and get your dick out. I'm fucking you on top."
The hero threw him a condom, and the man did as was asked, and soon his cock was pointing skyward, awaiting a wet pussy to penetrate. The hero positioned herself to face the cameras and stood over the man. "Let's give these people a show," she said before dropping on top of him with the full length of his dick entering her.
"God, I needed a good dicking. Thank you for this," the hero said to the man who had 'forced' her to do this, but not really at all. In front of possibly millions of viewers, she started lifting herself up and down on the stranger's cock. Each thrust stretched her out a bit more and pushed him in a bit deeper. The wetness of her pussy drenched the condom and dripped down on him.
He felt incredible, and she loved having the audience. She and Jennifer's body was made to be enjoyed by others, even if the hero's 'roommate' hadn't appreciated that yet. She focused on the cock inside her and kept angling him to hit her just right. Finally, she found the spot and moaned out loudly. That caused a murmur of talk from the crowd. But soon, every time she pushed down on the rod in her pussy, he hit that spot, and she was in a state of constant moaning. Her pussy kept quivering, and her muscles tightened. The pleasure in her started rising at a rapid pace, with no signs of when it would ease. She was unable to breathe or move as her body seized up in ecstasy. Her world went white, and she came harder than she had ever before with Jennifer's body.
When she came to, she was lying on top of the man's body, and his dick twitched in her pussy as he came inside the condom. This was the height of her superhero career. She found the strength to climb off him and started getting dressed despite her shaky legs. The police then approached and took away the stranger, who was happy to go with them. The reporters clamored for her to give a statement, so she approached them.
"Thank you all for being here. Today is a day I'm very proud of. A dangerous situation was able to be resolved without violence. No one was killed or even hurt. All it took was for me to fuck him on live TV. I hope future criminals will be as smart as him and fuck me. Not that law-abiding citizens don't get actions from me, either. Earlier today, I blew over a half dozen young men as a reward for not getting into trouble. But if you'll excuse me, I have another task I need to complete before the night is done." With that Slutty 4 Justice ran off to the loud applause of the crowd that had watched her get railed.
The night was nearing an end, and she had one thing she wanted to do. More videos for Jennifer's co-workers. She entered the apartment as usual and took off her costume. She got the one piece of lingerie Jennifer owned, a somewhat sheer baby doll top. She wore it with no panties. Through the material, you could make out her nipples and pussy, which was perfect. She stood the camera up on Jennifer's phone and hit record. "I've thought about it, Helen, and I'm ready for you. More than ready. I need your tongue in my pussy now. Get over here as soon as you get this message, and fuck me. No excuses." Video sent.
Next up was Glenn. She changed into a simple bra and panties set and kept the camera in the same configuration when she hit record. "Get over here as soon as possible and fuck me. I need your hands on these," she said, and she took off her bra, revealing her tits to her employee. "I'll make you forget that wife of yours ever existed. Don't make me wait long," she said, finishing the video. Video sent.
She grabbed the phone and took it with her to the bed. She kept the same outfit on and remained topless. Sitting up in bed, she started recording. "Cody. I'm sitting in bed right now, fingering myself thinking about you. I can't wait anymore. Get over here and fuck me. NOW!" She panned the camera down to show her tits and her hand in her panties, fingering herself vigorously. Video sent. For Fisher's message, she did the same thing, sending him a video of her topless and masturbating. Video sent.
With that Slut 4 Justice was done for the night. She lay on the bed and closed her eyes, saying, "Enjoy getting laid," to Jennifer as she did so.
***
Before I could begin to process all the slutty behavior the hero engaged in last night, someone was knocking on my door. My mind was in a haze when I answered it. It was Helen, my female employee. She didn't say anything but jumped on me. I instinctively caught her, and her legs wrapped around me. She shut the door and started kissing me passionately, and my tongue felt hers enter my mouth. I was suddenly remembering the video that the hero had just sent her.
"Take me to your bed so I can tongue fuck you until you cum," she said, temporarily pulling away from my lips. At that moment, I thought about what I could say to get out of this. Everything I thought of would be hugely disappointing to Helen and probably ruin whatever professional relationship we had. I was left with one choice. I was going to have to have lesbian sex with my employee.
With me still holding her up, I walked us to my bed and laid her on it. Once off of me, she quickly undressed fully. I was now facing the sight of a fully naked woman in my bed, expecting to have sex with me. She was a pretty woman, but the sight of her pussy was intimidating. I didn't know what to do with my own vagina, let alone someone else's. "Take off your clothes. I want to finally see that hot body of yours," she said, looking at my chest. I woke up in my Pjs, as it seems, regardless of what the hero changes into, I wake up wearing what I went to sleep in.
Despite the whole city seeing my naked body at this point, including the woman in front of me, I had never removed clothes in front of anyone. With shaky hands, I lifted my shirt up slowly. I could feel more and more skin getting exposed. First, my stomach and then the bottom of my breast, and then the breeze on my nipples confirmed I was now willingly showing my tits to my female employee. I threw the shirt to the side and prepared myself to strip off my bottoms. "God, you are so fucking hot, Jennifer. Get that pussy out so I can get my hands on those tits," she said eagerly. It was odd finding out just how horny your female friend is for you.
My hands reached down and pushed my bottoms off of my hips, and they hit the floor. Standing upright, I was now showing my fully naked body to the single mom in my bed. After staring a bit, she grabbed my hand and pulled me on top of her in the bed. Her hands explored every part of my body while her lips kissed me continuously. My boobs, butt, and thighs all were felt by this woman, and by the gasp she was giving out, she enjoyed them. Her hand then found my womanhood, and I felt her fingers slowly rub my labia, and I let out my own gasp. Although much louder and more pronounced than Helen's. She laughed a bit at me hearing this. "Sounds like someone is enjoying this," she teased.
I felt my cheeks redden. "I've never done this with a woman. In fact, I'm not very sexually experienced," I admitted. My body might be, but technically, this is the first time I'm personally having sex. In a weird way, Helen was taking my virginity.
Hearing this, she spun us around, and now I was lying in the bed on my back. "I've never done this with a woman either, but I've done my research. Lay back and enjoy," my employee said as her head traveled downwards. Of fuck she's going to go down on me, isn't she? Am I ready for this? Do I really want to engage in lesbian oral sex with a woman I am technically the boss..... OH FUCK! My thought was immediately interrupted by the feeling of a tongue running along my vaginal lips. That single touch sent electricity emanating from my pussy to all parts of my body. Then it happened again. And again. And soon, it was nonstop. I wasn't able to put together any coherent thoughts as her tongue was driving me wild.
But she didn't stop there. I felt a slight pressure on my pussy as she took two fingers and started to lightly poke at my entrance. This continued in addition to the licking but firmer and harder each time. Soon she began to lightly penetrate me, and eventually, she was full on finger fucking me. I was writhing on my sheets as it felt like I was being doubly fucked by her finger and tongue. A dam of pleasure was filling every time she licked or prodded. A dam that was filling fast and felt like it could break up any moment. I didn't know if I wanted it to break open now to relieve me of this sexual agony or keep building. But my body made the choice for me, and the dam burst open, flooding my body with pleasure. My legs twitched uncontrollably as I experienced my first-ever orgasm as myself.
Helen relented from her attack on my pussy and enjoyed the sight of me cumming. For ten seconds, it overwhelmed me until finally the feeling subsided, and I could breathe again. My 'lover' climbed back on top of me and lightly kissed me. "That was fucking incredible, Jennifer. Your pussy was like a river when I was down there. I wish I got as moist as you. How about next time you try that on me," she suggested.
"Okay," I said without thinking. Right when I said the words, I realized I was committing to more lesbian sex. Sex that would require me to learn what my employee's pussy tasted like.
"Unlike you, I've got to work today. I'm looking forward to next time," Helen said, getting out of bed. And just like that, she got dressed and left. Leaving me there, reflecting on how quickly our relationship evolved into us becoming lesbian lovers.
There was another knock at the door. I got dressed as my mind wondered if cumming from a woman made me bi-sexual. Could I actually have a girlfriend? The sight of a good pair of breasts was nice to me, but was that enough? I opened the door without consideration and was brought back to reality with the sight of another employee, Glenn. "My cock is ready for you," he said as he walked by me into the apartment. God damn it Slut 4 Justice. I had forgotten she sent videos to all of my employees. All of them were now in possession of a topless video of me.
As with Helen, I was clueless as to what to tell Glenn. Slowly turning around and closing the door, I found him now fully naked, erect, and wearing a condom. He was ready to fuck me. "You ready to do this," he asked, giving me a sultry smile. If I denied him here, I would probably lose him as an employee. Not to mention I would be pissing off someone in possession of a topless video of me. That left me with the option of starting an affair with my married employee. I also just remembered I had a boyfriend, too. Charlie had already cheated on me, although I was no better. Damn it.
"That's... why I called you over, isn't it?" I said with a nervous voice. I led the naked man to my bed. Standing before it, he helped himself to get me naked. He took a minute to ogle my nude body before feeling it up for himself. Half my employees now knew how my tits and ass felt and soon would know what my pussy felt like.
"I can't wait any longer. Lie on the bed. I need to fuck you," he instructed me. I got on the bed and spread my legs, awaiting the first penis I would ever feel for myself inside my pussy. It wasn't with my boyfriend but with my married, middle-aged employee. In a single thrust, he was in me and wasted no time fucking me with the vigor of a man that had likely been thinking of me lustfully for years.
As I felt his cock slid in and out of my pussy I couldn't help but think about how fucked up my relationship with Charlie was now. We were both carrying on affairs, some more than others, I realized. Charlie's affair was with a woman using my body. At first, I was so pissed at him, but I now see how easy it is to get into this situation. Also, what I was doing now seemed to dwarf what he had done. I was fully in the wrong here. Maybe I should just break up with him. Or perhaps I fuck him as Jennifer. Damn you, hero, for putting me into this situation.
Glenn pulled out of me. "Get on your hands and knees. I want to fuck you from behind," he told me brazenly. I did as she asked, and soon his hips were smacking into my ass. He was treating me as his sex toy, fucking me as he wished, and I was going along without complaint. At least he didn't seem to have any feelings for me outside of sexually desiring me. Did he expect this would now be a regular? Was he going to come by whenever he was horny, fuck me, and leave? Was I going to be his own personal free-use pussy?
Those thoughts were interrupted by him grunting and pressing deep into me, indicating he had finished. He spanked my ass as he pulled out. "Fucking A-grade pussy Jennifer. Looking forward to the next time. When it's just you and me working the store, we can do this in the back room. But I've got to go. The wife is probably wondering where I am. She's also expecting some action today, too," he said, informing me of things I did not need to know. He got dressed and left, being the second employee of mine to fuck and run this morning.
A minute later, there was another knock at the door. This time, I was going to be ready. This was going to be Fisher or Cody ready for their own booty call. I can't fuck all of my employees. I need to deny whoever this is. Getting back into my PJs, I answered the door. It wasn't Cody or Fisher. It was both of them. "We're here to fuck," they said as they entered my apartment.
Seeing both of them together totally killed my plan to deny sex. Why were they here together? "Don't be embarrassed, Jennifer, but we know you've been texting us both sexual messages. And we wanted you to know we are onboard," Cody said. Both boys started undressing in my kitchen. Onboard? What were they talking about? What was happening? Before I knew it, they were both naked. All four of my employees have now been nude in my home within the past hour.
"Also, don't worry, we got the positioning all figured out. Cody will fuck your pussy while I rail your ass. Cody's already got his condom on while I obviously don't need one, right?" Fisher informed me. It was just a few days ago that Fisher was an innocent 18-year-old employee of mine that I felt so protective of. Now he is informing me he is going to fuck my ass. Wait, what?
"What's going on," I asked.
"Here. We'll show you how it works," Fisher said, getting behind me. Meanwhile, Cody was standing in front of me. Together, they stripped my top and bottoms off, leaving me in a shocked state. What was happening? Cody took hold of my legs while Fisher grabbed my hips, and together, they lifted me into the air.
"Oh wow. What are you guys doing," I asked, continuing to be confused.
"Now Cody will start fucking your pussy, and I'll fuck your ass at the same time," Fisher said.
"Fuck my..." I started to say, but then I felt the boys lower me down, and at the same time, a dick entered my vagina and ass. "Ahhhhhh.....Ohhhh....," I moaned out at the intense feeling. I was getting double penetrated by my young employees.
I thought Helen's double stimulation by her tongue and finger was overwhelming, but that was nothing compared to this. I was being stretched out by two dicks at the same time. They lifted me up and down, and each time, they drove deeper into me. It felt like I had two orgasms building up in me at once. My pussy was squeezing Cody's dick so tightly. Feeling him slide inside me was ecstasy. Meanwhile, in my ass, I was getting a weird sensation of pain and pleasure, but that only made it hotter. Every time I sought relief from one of their dicks by shifting my body, the other would hit a sensitive area and drive me further crazy.
The boys got in unison, and the pleasure they were giving me pooled together and rocketed upwards in magnitude. I couldn't breathe, and my face contorted as I lost my mind in lust. Finally, my entire lower half exploded into an orgasm, and I gasped loudly as I finally took a breath. But the boys kept going. Tears were running down my face as I continued to experience beautiful agony from their cocks. I almost begged them to cum, but I don't think I could get words out between my moans.
Fisher finally gave me the relief I sought as I felt him spray a large amount of cum into my ass, and Cody soon joined him and came into this condom. All three of us collapsed onto the floor and said nothing for several minutes. Cody then broke the silence. "When we do that again, I get her ass. We all three work tomorrow evening. Let's do it then," he said, reserving my body to get double penetrated again. Was this my life now? Having my body be the sexual plaything of my employees? The boys got up, but I stayed on the floor, being exhausted from fucking four people in the last hour. They high-fived and left, leaving me to continue leaking cum out of my ass onto the kitchen floor.
I got up and dressed again. I didn't have any more employees to come fuck me today, so I shouldn't have to take these off again. However, I was surprised to hear another knock at the door. My mind raced, trying to remember if the hero invited anyone else over to fuck her, but I was sure my employees were it. I cautiously opened the door and was surprised to see three young women there giving me an annoyed look. "You better be coming to the club today for your shift. I had to get a babysitter to cover for you yesterday. That is not happening again," one of the women said. Oh fuck, these are strippers at the club the Slut 4 Justice signed me up for. They can't seriously expect me to work there, right?
"Oh, I'm not working there anymore," I said as I closed the door.
A foot shot out and stopped the door from closing. "You signed a contract and are on the schedule. When you don't show up, it screws the rest of us over. Do you want to get twenty strippers permanently pissed at you? We figured out what store you manage. Think about what could happen," she said threateningly. I looked over the three women, all giving me menacing looks, and I felt very intimidated. If this is how the women of the club reacted to me talking about quitting, how would the men running the club react? I had no choice. Apparently, I'm working as a stripper from here on.
The women led me to the club and became much more friendly now that I had agreed to show large groups of men my naked body. Entering the club, the boss talked to me briefly. "I'm looking forward to seeing you perform just as enthusiastically as you did for your audition. Don't let me down," he said with a smile. The girls informed me my plain clothes were insufficient for my stripping act and found me some better ones. I wore what was basically a bikini top and hot pants with a thong under it. They also gave me a cowboy hat to wear for 'flavor' as they described it.
The manager informed me I would be going on stage in about five minutes, and the reality of the situation hit me. Could I really show my body off to two hundred men? I struck up a conversation with the manager. "So... am I expected to get fully naked out there," I asked nervously.
"What? Of course, you are. Trust me. You don't want to disappoint the boss by only partially getting naked out on that stage. Just do what you did in your audition. These people want to see your pussy and tits. They don't care if you do the same act every time."
"Oh, okay," I replied, feeling defeated. "How long do I have to stay out there for," I asked next.
"Three songs minimum." Three songs? That's like six minutes. Six minutes of me getting gawked at and having to spread my legs. Oh god.
During the rest of the time before my act, I went and had a panic attack. But my time finally arrived. I started to take a deep breath, but the manager pushed me out as soon as the song began. I tripped and ate it on the stage to the crowd's laughter. I'd rather trip and be laughed at a thousand more times than what I was about to do. Despite it being in the middle of the day, the crowd was as large as when the hero stripped here before. I tried to use that as comfort as my body has been shown off extensively already, but this still felt totally different.
Slowly, I walked toward the middle of the stage, swaying my hips a bit with the music. A week ago, I was a nice, innocent girl working as a manager of a store. Now I've fucked all my employees and was working as a stripper. I shuddered to think about what I would be doing in a week. I reached the middle of the stage and was starting to get men yelling for me to take my top off. I couldn't do that yet, so instead, I elected to take my shorts off and keep my nude parts hidden for a bit longer. As I pulled down the shorts, though, I appreciated I was barely hiding those parts with this thong. But seeing my nearly bare ass got the crowd excited, and I spent a bit of time shaking my booty for them at various angles. But soon, I was feeling the pressure to remove something else. This would be rough.
The crowd was pushing for my thong to go next, but I elected to go with my bra. My shaking hands reached behind me and slowly pulled on the string to untie it. All of a sudden, it came loose, and I raced to grab my top before it fell down. I barely managed to keep my nipples covered. The only thing keeping my naked tits from getting exposed were my hands now. Moving them away, every guy here will see my goods. I teased a bit in that position, but I knew it was time. I closed my eyes and lifted my hands, gasping as I felt my nipples become uncovered. The crowd went crazy, and I felt like I was officially a stripper now and was showing men my body for cash.
"Thong, thong, thong, thong," they chanted just as the second song started. I'm only a third of the way through this, and already they want me to get fully naked. I grabbed the sides of my underwear and walked around teasing it for a bit while also shaking my tits which was enjoyed by the boys. Still not ready to do this, I remembered the pole on the stage. I tried a few spins, which went poorly, and I knew I couldn't delay this anymore. It was time to show these men my pussy.
For whatever reason, bending over and taking them off seemed less embarrassing. At least I wouldn't be facing them. Like tearing off a band-aid, I pulled down the thong in a single swift motion rather than drag it out. The thong fell to the floor, and I stood up. My breathing was shallow as I couldn't believe I was naked in front of all these men. I looked at the men in the crowd, and all eyes were on my pussy, which I was making freely visible to them. Strangers. Complete strangers, and I was showing them my body. What the fuck was my life anymore?
The men started yelling for me to dance, and I realized I was just standing there nude. I awkwardly danced, which embarrassingly caused my tits and ass to jiggle, although the men enjoyed that. But soon, they wanted more. "Spread your pussy!" They yelled. Did I really need to do that? The second song was nearing its end, so I needed to waste more time, and I didn't want to make the boss mad.
I sat on the stage with my legs closed. I shut my eyes and opened my legs as wide as they would. "Jennifer?" I heard a familiar voice say in front of me. I opened my eyes and saw Charlie, my boyfriend staring at my wide-opened pussy. "You're a stripper? How long has this been happening," he asked, confused. This was the first time my boyfriend was ever seeing me naked at all, let alone spread-eagle.
"Charlie... I..." I couldn't get my words out.
"Finish your act, and we'll talk," he said, staring at my pussy. The third song started, and I was in the final stretch. But what else could I do? A nearby man gave me his suggestion.
"Let me get my face in those titties!" He yelled. Oh god, that's right. Slut 4 Justice did that in her act, and I would be expected to do the same. But now my boyfriend would be watching. I slowly crawled over to the man and made my tits available to him. He grabbed them and put his face into them, getting a lick of my nipples in at the time. Soon, I had numerous other volunteers who wanted similar treatment. I also appreciated that the men behind me were getting an intimate view of my pussy. I spent the rest of the third song letting men grope and put their mouths all over my bare tits, all while Charlie watched silently. The third song was also the longest, and I ended up getting felt up by over twenty men. Finally, the song ended, and I rushed backstage as my tits bounced considerably.
The manager was the first to greet me. "Very nice job. The boss really likes the reluctant stripper routine you did this time. But hey, there's a young guy who says he knows you and wants to talk to you. Can I let him back here," he said. I nodded, and Charlie joined me backstage, all while I was still fully nude.
"Jennifer, I...," he started to say while his eyes darted between my face and tits.
"Let me start. I'm so sorry, Charlie. I just started this job and didn't know how to tell you. I'm sure you...," but then he interrupted me.
"Jennifer, I think this is awesome and really good for you. You've always had such a limited view of sexuality. But seeing you up there getting naked and groped was amazing. I've had a bit of an awakening myself in the past few days. Maybe sometimes we can explore our sexuality together...," he said, suggesting we, as boyfriend and girlfriend, actually have sex together rather than just other people.
The manager then approached me. "Jennifer, we have VIP clients in the private rooms waiting for you to blow them. I mean, give them private dances," he said.
"Go on," Charlie said, giving his approval. "I'm about to get blown by another stripper anyway." He walked off, but then I realized that this job was going to have me blowing half a dozen men every day. Dear lord. Over the next two hours, I stayed fully naked and was extensively groped, prodded, and face fucked by ten clients. I skipped lunch as my stomach was full of stranger's semen. I did a few more dances, and finally, my shift ended.
But on my way out, the boss reminded me of something the hero told him, and I knew what he wanted. Twenty minutes later, his condom was filled, and I fucked my fourth man of the day. This was now my life. Looking at the schedule, the hero had made my shifts work well with my other job. But I would be working almost nonstop, either managing the store or blowing men after stripping. Could I keep this up? Right before I left, the boss handed me my money for the day. 2,500 dollars. That's more than I make in two weeks of managing the store. Was I seriously considering becoming a full-time stripper?
On the walk home, I pondered how much sex was going to dominate my life. Working at the strip club obviously was going to be filled with sexual activities, but even the convenience store was shaping up to be a daily orgy with my employees. It sounded like I would also start having sex with my boyfriend. The only normal new thing introduced into my life, but based on our conversation at the club, we might have a very unusual agreement about who we can fuck.
What I did know was I was exhausted. The hero had changed all aspects of my life. What else could she could even do? I laid down and closed my eyes.
***
Slut 4 Justice arose and thought, for the first time, how jealous she was of the day Jennifer just had. It was filled with fucking and exposing her body. And at the end of it all, she never even thanked the hero. Unfortunately for the hero, the night she had planned wasn't going to match the orgy of a day that Jennifer had just had. But there would be some fun.
Heading out into the city, she climbed up a luxury apartment complex to a place belonging to Tony Fields, the man she had determined to be the head of the crime organization in this city. She found her way into a window and slipped into the apartment. As soon as she was inside, the lights turned on, and a man was holding a gun pointed toward her. The hero raised her hands and stayed still. "Tony Fields, I assume," she asked.
The man looked to be in his fifties. "Yes, and I know who you are Slut 4 Justice or whatever ridiculous name you have. Are you here to kill me," he asked.
"Have you heard from the news report or any of your men about me killing anyone? In fact, you've probably been hearing about me doing something very different with your men."
"So why are you here."
Slowly dropping her hands, the hero pulled down her thong bottoms and exposed her pussy to the crime boss. "To give you the son you've always wanted. I'm here to get impregnated by you," she informed him.
The older man put his gun aside and started approaching the young woman. "In exchange, you will tell your men to stop perpetuating violent acts on the citizens of this town. You can keep up your smuggling and other money-making acts, but not at the expense of people's safeties," she said, pulling her top off.
"How do I know you'll get pregnant tonight," the boss asked.
"You won't. I'll be coming by every night to get inseminated by you until I'm knocked up. And probably for a while after that, as I want to maintain a good relationship with the father of my child. Now, no more words. Only fucking. Get your dick out and sit on the couch," she instructed him.
He didn't question a superhero breaking into his home to get impregnated by him anymore and sat on the couch fully naked as instructed. She straddled his lap and directed his cock into her pussy. A cock she knew she would become very familiar with for probably the rest of her life. The bare cock rubbed all of the right places inside her, and the first thrust sent a pleasurable shiver up her spine. "Shit, you're going to make me cum so fucking fast," the hero complained. The crime boss started pinching her nipples which sent electricity into her body from her tits. The bastard knew how to tease a woman.
She got to work pumping the cock with her pussy. This was so fucking crazy. It was like she had a loaded shotgun in her pussy that was going to go off at some point. But rather than bullets, it was filled with sperm. When this guy cums it will forever change her and Jennifer's life. And that made the sex that much hotter. The texture of a bare cock was so much better than a condom. She could feel the head of his cock pumping inside her. The flood of pleasure built up inside her, and the cock kept threatening to release it.
She thought about his sperm being released into her unprotected pussy and finding her eggs. She would be with child soon, all due to this night. That thought broke the floodgates, and she underwent a wet orgasm, made even messier by the large amount of cum the mob boss poured into her womb. She kept pumping him until she was sure every drop of cum was in her. She had done it. She had gotten creampied and probably impregnated.
Or at least if not tonight, then soon. The hero stood up and watched the sight of her cream-filled pussy. "I'll see you tomorrow night. Make sure you save all your cum for me." She threw her clothes on and left the building. She headed back to the apartment. The night was young, but she knew she needed to give control back to Jennifer. She would need this time more than her. She lay on the bed, closed her eyes, and gave control back.
I popped up and examined my pussy. It was still leaking the cum of that crime boss that Slut 4 Justice freely let be deposited into our pussy. I was going to get pregnant. Pregnant with a stranger's baby. Even if I went out and found some emergency contraception, she would just do the same thing the next day. Eventually, she would win out. I was going to have a crime boss's child. My life was now entirely in the control of this second soul in my body.
"You still haven't realized the truth," the voice of the spirit said, appearing to me again.
"What truth? That you put the soul of a cum hungry slut into me," I said harshly back.
"There is no second soul. I have no power to do that. You and the hero soul are one and the same. Look at what you are wearing," she said.
I looked down at myself and was wearing the tiny costume that Slut 4 Justice wore. "What does this mean," I asked, confused.
"I came to you because you were a soul in crisis. You kept holding back the person you really are so you could live this repressed life of boredom. It was tearing your soul apart. I helped by giving your soul this second personality so that it could live out its true self and do everything you truly wanted to do."
The spirit continued to explain. "Think about the hero's actions. Are they upsetting to you, or are you jealous? The sexual acts you did today. Was this the worst or best day of your life? You and the hero don't need to be separate. You can have it all. You can be a convenience store manager who fucks her employees daily. You can be a stripper with a boyfriend who enjoys the fact that you blow dozens of men at work. You can be a hero that improves people's lives with her vagina. You can be the baby mama of a crime lord. You can be all of that and a single person. You just need to accept it."
I thought about everything I had done. Both as Jennifer and the hero. All of the sexual acts and people I have exposed myself to. My pussy was drenched thinking about it, and I knew she was right.