(A Novel by her Husband)
--------------------------------------
A Note for the Readers: This is a story about the evolution of a shy, traditional girl from North India into a sexy, outgoing hot-wife. I draw the inspiration from my very sexy wife Priya, who is the protagonist in this story. It is a long story, to be posted in many parts. I have written the story in third person. Readers are advised patience. The sex part will unfold slowly, so the readers looking for a quick read may not find it interesting. The story is set in Indian society where virginity is a great virtue in marriage, and great stress is laid on moral and family values. Traditional customs & rituals have also been used in erotic events.
------------------------------------
Priya was getting ready for the marriage party of her elder sister Rajani. She was alone in her room and was inspecting her naked body in front of the mirror. She couldn't but help admiring her beauty. She had begun realizing her youthful sexiness by the fact that men had started ogling at her nineteen-year-old-body; especially her firm tits and her broad ass. Her girlfriend in the university had started teasing her on the attention she was getting from the boys of late.
For the evening party today she had taken out a blue chamiya-blouse (blouse and a long skirt) set with the blouse being backless tied only with strings behind. She was not very comfortable with the fact that she had to wear it without a bra. But at the same time she was secretly excited that young guys and even middle-aged men would be attracted towards her. She knew that the sight of her marble-perfect fair complexion will drive the men wild.
Suddenly there was a knock at the door. It was her younger sister Sonali asking whether she had finished dressing-up. Priya shouted back that she would take at least half an hour more. Priya cupped her 32A sized breasts and squeezed her globes lightly. She felt a strange tingle passing her entire body. She pinched her pink nipples and they responded immediately. She liked the feeling when her nipples were hard but at the same time was conscious about going further in her self-pleasure due to her conservative and strict upbringing.
She took the blouse and then covered her breasts with it wanting to see how it looked on her. Immediately she knew she had a problem. Who would tie all the strings behind the backless blouse? Since she had turned 16, even her sisters had not seen her naked. She thought of calling Sonali for help but decided to wear her other clothes first.
She wore her white 36 size panties and checked carefully whether the thick growth of her black pubic hair was fully covered. She checked the reflection of panty-clad ass and blew out a happy whistle. She wore the petticoat slightly below her navel so that her deep bellybutton was clearly visible. Then, she put the blouse carefully on her breasts. She could only manage to tie some strings on the lower part. Thus frustrated, and then she opened the door a little and shouted for Sonali.
Sonali entered the room and helped her tie blouse strings as asked by Priya. Sonali was three years younger and prettier than her but Priya had a better figure and a sensuality which made her more attractive and sexy to the other sex. Sonali was always jealous of the attention Priya used to get from boys. And now when she was tying the knots of her sister's blouse she could see the mirror reflecting her sister's proud bosom. Mentally she compared her own growing breasts and wished them to grow as large as Rajni's.
Soon the two sisters arrived at the party, which had already started. Their parents were at the entrance, greeting and receiving visitors. They proceeded toward their elder sister Rajani.
Rajani, the bride looked absolutely stunning in her bridal make up. She wore an expensive gold-embroidered lehanga-blouse-dupatta (long skirt, blouse and a stole) dress. Rajani was the boldest of all the three sisters. She had a beautiful face and her voluptuous figure of 34b-25-36 enhanced her sex-appeal and raised sundry cocks. Her oozing sensuality made most of the men undress her mentally and fantasize about making love to her.
The three sisters together looked as three beautiful young princesses. They had the full attention of all men in the party hall. Though, Rajani and Priya have blossomed into full grown women, Sonali, being only 17 year old, had an innocent babyish face and her body, though not yet fully blossomed, had the potential to blossom into a sex-queen.
Rakesh, the bridegroom was crowded around with young men of his age, most of them his friends from college. He and his friends looked at the three sisters and started day-dreaming about fucking these beautiful specimens of female sexuality. His friends even joked with him that he is getting a right over three beautiful cunts in a single marriage. "Hey buddy, we had heard about people killing two birds with a single stone, but here you have killed three!"
In a little while the marriage party was in full swing. Priya was busy chatting with other young girls of her age. They were teasing her because she was wearing a backless blouse and her nipples were clearly visible. One of them told her that she was looking very sexy and she would definitely kill many young hearts. Another girl went to the extent of asking her that since she wasn't wearing any bra what was supporting her big heavy tits. Priya blushed as became conscious of her beauty and the effect it was leaving in the party.
Rakesh's own brother-in-law (sister's husband) Sudhir, was also very excited at the sight of these beautiful young ladies especially Priya. He had immediately developed a liking for Priya and the fact that her blouse was backless added to the yearning he developed for her. He tried to remain as close to Priya as possible, watching her naked fair and smooth back and extending his thoughts to her ass, legs and other intimate parts. He had a weakness for young sexy females and he knew that Priya would be one hell of a fuck.
Rakesh's friends, and his other male relatives, all watched Priya with a desire which did not show on their face. His college friends, according to the custom of teasing the bride's sisters, indirectly teased Priya that she has grown up and ready to give sleepless nights to men.
"What would your future husband do Priya? He would have a tough time protecting you from other men!"
"Hey baby, would you like to dance with us. I know many moves that you would like."
"You wouldn't be able to take care of your youth, let us take care of you."
"Who tied your blouse strings? Please call us for help when you need next."
Priya secretly enjoyed the innuendoes directed at her. She knew that after Rajani she would be the next one to get married. She also knew that the attention she was getting gave her a lot of power to control the young men around.
A DJ was arranged along with a dance floor. The dance was about to begin. She knew that young men would be dying to dance with her, but she would choose whomever she liked the best.
The dance started and young men eagerly came close to her for an opportunity to dance but she picked up a guy, Suhail, who was about 24 years old and was very smart and handsome. He was Rajani's college friend and she had intentionally chosen someone from her own side rather than someone from bridegroom's side.
All the three sisters had been brought up in a strictly enforced disciplined environment. As a result, they had gathered a lot of inhibitions which restricted them to live their life to the fullest. That was one of the reasons why Priya liked dancing because in a way it was one activity which always enabled her to shed her inhibitions.
Slowly, the dance party entered full swing. Priya was an expert dancer. Men looked at her from a distance, their hearts beating with every step she took. Since her breasts were heavy and were not supported by a bra, every time she jumped or bent forward to dance her full breasts also made their own erotic motion, causing a flutter in many cocks. Suhail was having a difficult time in controlling his cock, which was responding to the sight of her delicious cleavage. The dance was creating a sexual frustration among the young people dancing as Priya's swaying ass was making them uncomfortable.
They danced close to each other and Priya knew that her partner was trying to feel her charms. He brushed against her boobs and at one point of time also pressed it hard with his chest. Since they were holding each other at waist level with one hand, and the other hand locked up into each other, Suhail caressed her smooth and naked back and tried to move his hand downward. Priya sensed the sexual tension between them and her nipples hardened. At one point of time while dancing Suhail brought her hand towards his hardness and let her feel it as if by accident. After that when the music beat had increased and everyone was dancing fast Suhail dared and took a nice handful of her supple ass.
Immediately, Priya left him and rushed off away from the dance floor. She had liked his coming close to her but she did not expect him to make a move on her like this. Though, she liked what had happened she didn't want to send him the wrong signal. She looked for a restroom because she wanted to smoothen-up her dress. She found one in the corner of the party house and hesitatingly went in. She locked the door and stood in front of the mirror. She was sexually hot and wanted a sort of release. But she did not know how. She had never masturbated before.
Her hands automatically reached out to her nipples and she pinched them hard over her blouse. The pinch shook her entire body with a pleasure she could not define and she knew she wanted it more. She pinched them harder and this time she squeezed her boobs too from above her dress. She wasn't satisfied so she immediately put her hands inside her dress to feel her naked tits and there she found solace. She squeezed her firm tits, and at the same time pinching her hardened nipples. Her were dry and she looked for some kind of lotion. Not finding any, she put some saliva from her mouth and rubbed it against her nipples. Aha, what was this, she thought. How was it that she never found out that such pleasures existed inside her body?
She lifted her embroidered skirt and pulled down her panties as if to pee and sat down on the WC. She took her fingers on her bushy vagina to find out what was causing discomfort to her. She found a strange kind of moistness between her thick hairy vaginal lips and she scraped out the secretion on her fingers and smelt it. It smelt neutral. She started rubbing her pussy lips a little more and suddenly she felt as if she cannot stop anymore. And there in that dirty little corner bathroom of the party house she discovered masturbation experienced her life's first orgasm.
Thereafter, Priya avoided Suhail throughout the wedding party. But she knew whatever she had just experienced was because of him. Still, she couldn't manage to make an eye contact with him. She suddenly realized that she felt more energetic and maybe more beautiful. She took out the small mirror which she always kept in her purse and when she saw herself she was bit surprised. Her face had a glow which she had never seen. Was it because of sex, she wondered or was this the start of her journey of life as a woman?
* ***********
Though she was tired after all that dancing and activities of the wedding, she couldn't sleep that night. Tossing and turning in her bed, she kept on thinking about her masturbating experience and also about Suhail. He was handsome and had an athletic body. He was a frequent visitor to their house, as he was one from the close circle of friends of her elder sister Rajani. She had never looked at him in 'that manner' earlier, but this wedding party had changed that. She now secretly longed for his touch. She wanted to experience once again his hardness which he had so cunningly managed to make her feel. What would his cock be like, she thought? How would it feel when it enters her cunt? How would his athletic body feel rubbing her naked body? Gosh, what had happened to her, and why was she having such dirty thoughts? No, she would not allow anyone to break her virginity. She would keep it as a gift for her husband whenever she gets married.
On the other hand there was no harm in being little sexually adventurous and enjoying the attention of other boys, she thought. She decided that there is life to be enjoyed as her many friends were doing without crossing the line. Most of her girlfriends masturbated regularly which she experienced only tonight. She admonished herself for denying herself the harmless pleasures of masturbation for so long. She further decided that if like her girlfriends she is more open to enjoy the harmless pleasures she would control the boys in her college. She regarded herself much more attractive and beautiful than her peers. The boys would scramble to be with her.
She then looked at her younger sister Sonali who was sleeping next to her. Sonali was not yet developed as a woman and was not as sensual as Priya thought herself to be. Still, Sonali attracted far more boyfriends and was always invited to several parties. Then, she thought of Rajani, who she considered as her ideal and role model. Rajani too is so popular among boys, she thought. On her wedding, more boys from her class attended the function than girls. She clearly remembered the fact that several of her male classmates were regularly visiting her at home. Rajani used to say, what is the harm in enjoying the life so long as you control the action and not go overboard?
"Priya! How could you be so blind? You have missed the fun for most of your college tenure," she chided herself.
She checked once again to make sure Sonali was really sleeping. She closed her eyes and fantasized of Suhail and his hardness and how he would make love to her. Slowly her hands reached out, one to her boobs and the other to her cunt and she experienced once again the same climax which she had in that small corner bathroom of the party house.
About a week after the marriage, her college re-opened and soon she was busy with her studies. Though in the nights after Sonali had slept, she allowed Suhail and other boys to come in her fantasies and make love to her, experiencing orgasm which she loved. She knew that if she wanted she could make any boy of her college her boyfriend. But she was afraid of herself. What if she couldn't manage to keep herself within limits? What if a boy really made her mad with his cock and really fucked her, took her virginity, made her pregnant? No, she couldn't allow this to happen at any cost.
Nevertheless, Priya was not contented with whatever she was experiencing during nights. With the passage of time she wanted more. It was her last year of college and the Dad will marry her off as soon as she graduated. That will be the end of her harmless sexual exploration and fun with boys. "I can't do all this fun after my marriage. It would also depend on my husband whether he makes my life enjoyable or hell," she thought. "How to go about it," was the big question facing her now. She decided she would discuss this with her classmate Rakhi.
Rakhi was a completely different girl. She was the daughter of an army officer and was open and bubbly. Though, not as beautiful as Priya, she was more daring and adventurous. In a conservative college like hers, she used to wear tight shirt and cut-off jeans. She had had a string of affairs in college. She used to change boys like her clothes. Strangely, Priya was quite friendly with her. They used to share all their thoughts. Till now, Priya used to tease her for her lifestyle and in turn, Rakhi used to tease Priya that she would depart this world with her seal unopened.
So one afternoon during lunch break both the friends met in the secluded corner of the college canteen.
Priya: I want to talk to you about something which is on my mind but first swear in the name of God that it will be totally confidential.
Rakhi: Why do you worry? Say what you want to discuss. For your satisfaction, I swear by God, now out with it.
Priya: You know that boy, Suhail? Well! he was dancing with me in the wedding party. He sort of touched me...
Rakhi: Who, Suhail? Oh, he is the classmate of your elder sister. I know him. He is quite a charmer. What did he do that night? Did he fuck you? (starts laughing)
Priya: You rascal! If you tease me like this then I would not talk to you.
Rakhi: OK, I am sorry, now go on.
Priya: He touched me during the dance.
Rakhi: So what if he touched you. You are a young woman and he is a sexy stud, how can he stop himself from touching you?
Priya: No, No, You didn't understand, he deliberately mauled my boobs and caressed my back. Then he guided my hand to his hardness and mauled my ass. That rascal acted out of his limits.
Rakhi: So what? This happens all the time during the dance. What's the harm in touching, almost all boys do it. Tell me, didn't you enjoy his touch?
Priya: Leave it, you don't want to understand.
Rakhi: Look Priya, now you are a grown up woman. Don't get troubled on these small matters. It is a very trifle matter that he touched you or made you touch his hardness. Look at me, I do everything with my boyfriend and enjoy. I do not have any problems with that. What to talk of myself, take the example of your elder sister Rajani. Do you think she did not enjoy with the boys? Now that we are discussing these things frankly, let me tell you that your elder sister Rajani is quite a girl. She must have dated almost all the handsome boys of her class and has enjoyed a lot. Didn't you observe how popular she was with the boys? I do not know if she had gone beyond the limit of harmless enjoyment to fucking them. Now take your younger sister, my god, she is a bomb. I have come to know that she has lost her virginity to one of my ex-boyfriends after a dance party last week. Out of the three sisters, only you seem to be an ice maiden. Your youth will go waste like this my dear friend. Tell me frankly, which boys do you like or have any boys approached you?
Priya wanted to tell Rakhi that yes she now lusts for boys, from her class, from her sister's class and many other studs she eyed in the wedding party. She fantasizes them making love to her every night. She imagines how their cocks would look and feel in her hands, on her butt and in her cunt. The thought itself made her cunt itch at that very time and her panties started getting wet. But she could not bring herself to trust Rakhi completely in this respect. She decides that she will make her own initiative and not involve Rakhi or any other person in her exploration. She was scared that these friends, who are jealous of her beauty, may spoil her reputation. She kept quite for sometime
Rakhi: Why are you silent? Tell me. Does it mean that you like some boy?
Priya: No dear, I don't like any particular boy, but just was thinking that how does it like to be with the boys?
Rakhi: Don't worry, call him and tell him to do anything with you.
Priya: Shut up. Not everything. I want to save myself for my husband.
Rakhi: Its all right dear, you can still remain virgin while enjoying yourself. You can try many harmless things. Tell me, do you fantasize?
Priya nods her head in affirmative.
Rakhi: Look Priya, this time of your youth is not going to come back. Don't you want to enjoy life? Have you shown any boy your naked body? Has anyone touched you? Has anyone caressed your boobs, mauled them, sucked them? Have you kissed any boy? Has anyone kissed you down there? Have you done anything with a boy's cock? I know you haven't. Look at me, I have done all these things and more. You tell, if you want to do all these things with a boy. You seduce a boy and you can do any of these things with him and still remain virgin for your hubby. Your elder sister Rajani has done all these things. You can ask any boy and he can not refuse a girl like you.
Priya: But I am afraid. How can I propose a boy and ask him to do all these things to me? What will he think of me?
Rakhi: Ok. You don't approach a boy on your own. But do not refuse if anyone approaches you and asks to accompany to a party. And, wear something sexy to the party and enjoy. If you would not object unnecessarily then ay boy will enjoy fully with you. And, if you do not stop him in time, he may not stop before actually fucking you my dear.
Priya: But do not tell anyone about our conversation, otherwise what will they think of me?
Rakhi: Don't worry my dear. Let's go now, its time for the classes.
They finish off on this note. Priya felt light after sharing her anxiety with Rakhi. She resolved that she would try to enjoy life without getting too far. After all her role-model sister has also enjoyed life. Though, this came as a shock to her, but she rationalized that Rajani was the wisest of the three sisters and she did enjoy life without spoiling her own reputation. She could not compare Rajani to Rakhi. Rakhi was too adventurous and did not care for her reputation. But, she would have to warn Sonali, her younger sister. She is going too far, she thought.
Rakhi's mind started working as soon as they broke for the class and she weighed many options on the boys. She wanted a gentle boy to approach Priya first. Suhail was a rascal, if given a slight chance he would not stop short of fucking Priya. Moreover, he was a bit rough and uncouth. Rajani was a strong girl and could handle him but Priya needed gentle persuasion to open her up. So she thought of her ex-boyfriend Ritesh, who was not only handsome but also gentle. She would tell him to approach Priya to accompany him to the Christmas ball dance competition which was coming up next week.
To be continued in Part 2.
-------------------------------------
Dear Readers,
Please give your feedback to me. How do want the story to progress? Should Priya lose her virginity before marriage? What can she do before marriage? What should she turn into?
Would you like to contribute to the story or discuss ideas? Feedback is welcome. Mail or chat with me.
Rahul Agrawal