I'd rented the hotel suite for the weekend and was busy setting up the lighting in the bedroom and around the living room couch. It was on the 22nd floor, up high enough to allow in plenty of sunlight. That's the way I like it for these shoots, very naturalistic. The better to get the flesh tones right.
My pet single malt was resting in a short glass on the modest bar that was wedged into a corner of the main room. The liquor was glistening just between amber and root beer in the color spectrum. It was only 11 in the morning but I could taste it in the back of my throat.
My name that day was Alex Cord but sometimes it's been Mr. Jordan or Mr. Hendricks, depending upon the circumstances. Occasionally I'm Glamourland Unlimited, or basic boudoir (note the lower case spelling on that one, ooh-la-la). Whatever, I shoot skin.
Some of you may have seen my productions under the moniker EYE ON YOU, a brand name I've been using for some time. When you come right down to it, I'm a guy with some decent camera and lighting equipment who photographs women and young ladies naked, has sex with them if they consent, and markets the results in stores and by direct mail. I've been doing it since 1985, at first for my own pleasure and income and later mostly for the money.
Oh, forgive me...my company isn't just one guy: I have the aid of two lawyers. You can't do this stuff and avoid being sued or arrested occasionally. Husbands, fathers, brothers, mothers, boyfriends, girlfriends....you name it, somebody's always out to stick their big schnozzes into your business, in the name of "protecting a loved one". Nothing's made the papers yet, in my case.
Well, back to the hotel suite, which was just about ready for that day's shoot. The young lady who'd be arriving soon was legally named Sheridy Kay Johnson (of all things), but I'd be calling her Chantal.
A petite and assured girl with auburn-brunette hair worn just to her shoulders, she has a big smile (like, Julia Roberts-wide) but sports pixie-ish features, if you can imagine that. She has a mature twinkle in her big brown eyes, like she's been in on the joke from the beginning and always will be a step ahead of you. This I remembered from the interview two weeks ago.
Oh, did I forget to mention she has a very sweet body? That I also remembered. She's formed like a woman with appropriately eye-catching curves and valleys, but more the size and demeanor of a teenage girl. It's an erotic effect, being intimate with an 18-year-old who looks instead like jail bait....but at the same time part of you feels guilty, like a cradle robber. I'd taken a particular amount of time checking her age verification documents, believe-you-me.
Her breasts are larger than you might expect on a slim girl and they're a bit conical in shape, reminding me of Traci Lords in her pre-legal days. They're capped with brownish-pink nipples set inside of half-dollar size aureolae, the pair of which will draw your eyes like a magnet. There is the sexiest sort of a little sag to her tits that makes you dream of a lazy summer day fuck on a deserted beach. There's nothing like a set of very natural breasts, especially these days.
Her slim waist (where you'll find no navel jewelry, thank god) gives way to well-rounded hips and then your eyes follow the slope down to her shaved mons. That stark, smooth landscape reveals a glistening pink cleft with pussy lips that look as soft as a moist bunny's nose...well, I could go on with my reverie, but the appointment time was nearing and I'm afraid I've been drifting.
Well, maybe I'll indulge in a bit more...
I hadn't received the guided tour to her body until all the paperwork was in order, those two weeks ago. She even had an agent, of sorts (an ex-boyfriend?) in the room when she signed, but thankfully he wasn't an asshole. And there was more paper that she'd be needing to put her name to, today -- on the bar next to my glass of Macallan 18-year-old lay an envelope containing waivers and a final model release, as well as the thousand I'd owe her after today's session was complete.
As an aside, in case you're wondering if there's any correlation between my drinking 18-year-old scotch and also making sure I work with nobody younger than that age....you could be right!
It had cost me five hundred in good faith money for Sheridy to agree to keep this first session appointment, but I knew it would pay off big. Sheridy (oops, Chantal) is the sort of girl whose DVD's will jump off the shelves and whose website will quickly fill up with eager members. She's a natural tease. Guys will watch her endlessly, fantasizing that they're in the room with her.
When Chantal finally knocked at the door I gave the room one last scan and then let her in. I was happy to see she hadn't been to any beauty parlor or hairdresser since our last meeting; I wanted her just as fresh as I'd seen her before, with none of the phony sophistication that certain stylists attempt to bestow on young women. Some of my models go overboard, being nervous about their first times before the camera, but Chantal hadn't spoiled anything. She was just a sweet charming young lady, smiling and giving me a big unexpected hug.
I wondered if she could feel my arousal as she squeezed into me -- I'd been at least half-hard for better than an hour.
"Well, thank you," I managed as she tossed me her handbag and walked into the room like she owned it. "Welcome, I'm glad you could make it."
"I'm so excited," she gushed. "This is like such a stroke to my ego, you know? Look at all this equipment."
I placed her bag on a chair while she surveyed the place. There was no better word to describe her than "cute", in her black three-quarter heels, skin-tight jeans, and tapered, three-button white blouse.
Well, I guess there are a few terms that also came to mind, considering the curves that filled those clothes: sexpot, piece-of-ass, and jailbait.
"Care for a glass of wine?"
"You got white?" Chantal asked in reply as she popped her head into the bedroom and bent over to inspect the second camera in that room, the one that that I'd put in a place off to the side of the bed. Its tripod was set much lower than the main camera that faced the foot of the bed.
"Let's see." I rummaged through the small fridge under the bar and found a bottle of Clos Du Bois. The only other wine in there had a label that read The Little Penguin, so I opted for the Clos rather than try to figure out just when bottles of alcohol had acquired labels that resemble covers of children's books. I also fished-out the plate of brie and sliced apple that I'd prepared before and located a box of wheat crackers. Tucking the envelope full of papers under my arm, I brought everything over on a tray and sat beside her on the couch.
We sank into the cushions, smiled at each other and took a sip of our respective drinks. The scotch felt fine sliding down but my mind was on her grace and beauty. She had none of the stooped, shamed sort of look that some first-timers have before they loosen up and relax with me; there were no downcast eyes, no signs of nervous sweat. Her eyes met mine confidently.
I told her about the paperwork she'd be signing and reviewed the pay that we'd agreed upon. Chantal listened and then simply signed without looking at any of the legalese, which is fine with me because I don't cheat my models -- there's nothing in there for me to feel guilty about. Then I told her we'd be doing a couple of camera tests for lighting and such, and mentioned the short statement that she'd be giving on-camera.
"About what?" It wasn't a worried question, just a curious one.
"California law. Don't worry, it won't take but a few minutes and then we can get on with things. Just follow my lead. Shall we do a run-through?"
Chantal waited patiently while I refilled her glass and settled in behind the camera to test the look of things. We prattled a bit about the traffic and weather while I focused. It was just like any other workplace conversation, you'd never know I was about to video-record this fine young thing in ways that many will find obscene.
Soon enough it all came together.
"All set?" I asked, taking one more sip of that smooth, potent liquid.
"All set," she answered, sitting up straight like a school kid about to do a recitation.
"All right, we're rolling, " I announced with a little smile as I fingered the remote toggle in my hand. "This is EYE ON YOU session number 89, and the date is May 15, 2007. My name is Alex Cord, and with me is Sheridy Kay Johnson. Today she'll be working under the name of Chantal. Miss Johnson, can you verify your name, place of birth and date of birth, please, followed by your social security number?"
She did so, and I glanced down at the audio monitor to be sure we were recording properly. No need to screw this part up.
"Thank you. I see from the date of birth you've just verified that you're 18 years of age?"
"Correct."
"Miss Johnson, will you please confirm that you understand you'll be performing consensual acts of a sexual nature today for EYE ON YOU Productions, that these performances are solely for entertainment purposes, and that you are doing so of your own free will, without coercion or any outside agency that is compelling you to do so?"
"I do," she replied, and then broke up laughing. "Sorry," she giggled after recovering. "It sounds like a marriage ceremony or something."
"Based on what I've seen of your charms so far," I replied quickly, "that sounds like an excellent idea."
She blushed a little as we chuckled over that one, and then made herself get serious. "Could you repeat all that?" She looked into the camera's eye with a mock-stern expression.
I did, and when I'd finished this time Chantal soberly confirmed the facts: in effect, Chantal was swearing that she was a horny little slut who couldn't wait to show us her intimate body parts, and that she really truly honestly deeply wanted to do it of her own free will, and that she just plain wanted to, is all, because...well, she was a slut, right?
Pardon me for demeaning the legal minds in my home state, but what the hell else does all the above mumbo-jumbo amount to? Talk about a bunch of finger-wagging wusses!
I started to pause the proceedings and then thought better about it. Since we'd gotten through the dreary preliminary bit so well, why slow down now? "Chantal, I'd like to continue right away if that's all right. I could turn the camera off but I'm thinking you don't need a break. It's probably better you get used to it running and kind of forget it's there. Okay?"
"Yeah, sure. Fine with me."
"We'll do some work in here and then take a break before we move on to the bedroom," I told her. "I'll start with introducing you, using that story we worked out before."
She nodded and emptied her glass. I noticed that two glasses of wine seemed to have little affect on her, other than to make her even more sexy....or maybe that was the scotch talking.
"We're here today with Chantal, she's a pretty young thing who works as a paralegal at a major law firm, but probably won't be after this comes out. Chantal, tell me, are you nervous about showing the audience at home your body?"
"Nope, not at all, Alex," she chimed in, with that big grin. "18 years old last month and my bod won't look this good for much longer."
"Very good, very good," I chuckled (and, to myself: Great! Now I don't have to go through all that state-your-age crap again. She's good!). "But I'm betting you'll be looking great for decades to come. Have you got a boyfriend who might hunt me down for being behind this camera?"
"Not right now. I'm sort of in-between."
"Hard to believe, the way you look. You must get a lot of attention."
"My share, I guess." Chantal was loosened up enough now to lean back against the couch and stretch out a bit. I moved in for a close-up of her face.
"We'd love to see more of you," I said in a friendly manner, getting off the phony back-story stuff. "What do you have on under those clothes?"
She smiled for the camera, knowing I was focused in close. "A white bra and panties."
"That sounds nice. Very all-American. Can we see? Stand up for us."
She did so as I pulled back to show off her slim but quite womanly figure. Her grin was genuine as she stood and let her arms fall at her sides. I ran the camera down her form.
"The buttons, please," I prompted. "No fair holding out."
That made her giggle as she undid the front of her blouse and opened it, revealing the simple white cups of a cotton bra that supported her breasts at just the correct angle. I could spy her soft flesh just slightly spilling over the front. Her stomach was supple and nearly flat.
"Nice," I remarked, and then went silent as she undid her leather belt and the top button of her jeans before running down the zipper. I refocused the camera to pull in tight as Chantal pushed the denim fabric down over her hips and the front of her white panties came into view. I kept it there so I could study the revealing of her lower body as she disrobed.
When she stepped out of the jeans I could see again her perfectly smooth and buttery thigh flesh, and also how fortunate I'd been the day this girl walked into my home office. The panty vee clung to her front almost lovingly, and there was a hint of the shape her vulva made underneath. I had to remind myself that she was of legal age and that it was okay to feel how hard my cock was getting.
I forced myself to rove up her belly to her bra-encased breasts, and then to her sweet face and that charming grin. I said nothing at the moment because nothing needed saying. Then I moved the camera back down to rest on the area of her hips.
"Say, Chantal," I praised, "you look better in your underwear than most girls stripped to the bone."
"Thank you," she said sincerely. "Are you ready for me to take off more?"
"I can feel my first heart attack coming on, but, yes, I'm ready. While you remove your bra, though, I want you to tell me about the first time you showed someone your body."
"Oh," she replied, a little taken aback because we hadn't discussed this beforehand. I moved my camera up to reveal her breasts straining against the bra cups from the action of her arms reaching back to undo the clasp. "It was awhile ago, and I was kinda young."
"Don't mention what year or anything, just tell us the circumstances," I prompted.
The bra sagged as the clasp came undone, but her soft breasts held the front in place for a little moment or two. The tops emerged as I pulled in for a tight shot.
"It was in back of the garage. We were smoking cigarettes."
"Who? Just the first names," I instructed. I was holding my breath back a little in anticipation of seeing those pretty tits again, and then suddenly there the two of them were, all proud-looking and youthful, as Chantal tossed her bra to the side. There seemed to be a little pink flush dotting her skin at her upper chest and neck area, or maybe it was the lighting. I'd know more during editing. But that coloration only added to the sexiness of her bared flesh and those mouth-watering nipples.
I alternated my focus between her face and her naked breasts as she continued.
"Well, me and this girl named MaryAnn were both interested in this older boy Barry. He brought the cigarettes. And MaryAnn was claiming she was already full-size up top, you know?"
"So...," I interjected, "You just had to show what you had? Like you are right now. Speaking of which, could you play with those a little bit for us?"
"Okay," Chantal agreed. Her hands went to caress herself and stroke her breasts like it was the most natural thing in the world. Some models act all awkward about touching themselves, as though they'd never done it before in private, but not this little one. In short order her fingers were happily urging those brownish-pink tips into full erection as her tits rested in her palms.
"I guess it just ticked me off, the way she was trying to get his attention," she continued her story. "So I didn't say anything but just lifted my sweater and pulled up my bra."
"Were they as big as they are now?" I studied her nipples in tight focus, practically tasting how good they'd be in my mouth and how stiff they'd feel against my tongue.
"Pretty big, I guess. Barry liked them." Chantal's voice had gone all soft as she revisited her small victory out behind the garage. "He stopped talking to MaryAnn, I remember."
"Did you let him feel them?"
"Yeah, and he got all funny and nervous. He felt me up for, like, hours."
"Lucky young man," I noted. Her hands were caressing her breast flesh, the nipples protruding between her open fingers. Now that they were fully erect they glistened a dark pink under the light, with almost none of the brownish tint showing anymore. I shifted in my seat to allow my own arousal a little room to breathe.
" I think it's time for you to turn around for us, Chantal. Let's see that wonderful backside of yours."
She did so, looking back over her shoulder as she moved. I noted again how gracefully she handled herself. My camera started at her auburn-brown hair and moved down over the creamy skin of her shoulders and her slightly-hollowed back, then on to her thin waist and the area where the top of her panties began. This being the preliminary tease portion of the show, I had planned to spend a short time studying her lower body (more attention would be spent there when we moved to the bedroom), but right now it took all my willpower to keep from telling her to strip off and bend over.
Chantal adopted a slightly bent-forward stance. This pushed her rear up and out toward the camera as I roved over her panty-clad bottom. Hers was a classically-shaped, womanly ass, all the more sexy because it was attached to someone who looked as though she'd earn you jail time just for studying her like this. The simple cotton panties could only hint at the sweet division that lay beneath, between her rounded cheeks. Again, the flesh of her inner thighs looked like she'd been freshly brushed with butter.
"Could you pull your panties up tight around your waist, and move your legs apart a bit?"
Without a pause she did so, her actions quickly molding the white cotton material directly to her body. I could see not only a tighter outline of her exquisitely-formed buttocks but also (with her thighs now parting) the marvelous saddle that lay between her legs. Her pussy lips were intimately outlined in all their sweet glory. I could make out the very ridges of her opening being hugged tightly by the panties; the cotton looked somewhat moist, but I couldn't be sure from that angle.
I let the camera lens rest there and contemplated if and when I might have framed a more teasing picture, in my career. Viewed without the personality of the model in the frame, body parts alone generally leave me in an "interested, but uninvolved" state of mind. Not so, right then. My heart was tripping away in my chest and my dick was a piece of steel. I couldn't take my eyes off that lewdly-outlined cunt.
My voice nearly cracked when I asked her to use some fingers on herself down there for a moment. "Just rub it a little for me, Chantal."
"Okay. I need to, anyway," was her soft reply. That pretty much shot an arrow down my spine and into my crotch.
She leaned forward a bit more, opened those butter thighs further, and then two fingertips appeared from the front to gently caress herself through the panties. I figured anybody who'd be watching this disc once it was on the shelves would be masturbating by this time, be they male or female. Chantal just seemed to exude raw sexuality in an uncontrived way.
I lingered on her fingers rubbing back and forth and side to side through her covered channel for awhile, then moved up to let my camera pan her lightly rolling hips and the globes of her thrust-back ass, straining against the panties. Since she had her head craned around to look at me, I brought the camera up to get a look so we could all see her sexy expression and her half-lidded eyes. If this was an act of feigning passion and arousal, I've never seen any better.
After awhile I had Chantal turn around and rub herself from the front, which was a nice view. Through my camera I noticed her nipples were even tighter than before so I judged she was enjoying herself. It seemed like a good time to continue our previous conversation.
"So, tell me, about this Barry guy: Did you do any feeling up of your own, with him?"
"Mmmmm....," she sighed and took a deep breath. "Can I sit down for a minute?"
"Sure, sure. Just don't stop what you're doing, sweetheart. This is dynamite."
Chantal gave a little laugh and perched herself on the edge of the sofa. One hand was between her legs and the other roaming over her swollen breasts. I went for a medium shot, that way I could show her face whenever I liked. When she started to speak I stole a quick look at the audio and saw the mike was still picking-up just fine.
"I didn't have a chance to with him," she continued, meaning Barry. "My parents drove up the driveway."
"What did you think the first time you saw a guy's cock?"
She twitched just a little at the word "cock". It was most charming, like she'd had a little shiver because we were being naughty. "It was pretty amazing, I guess," she said. "I know that's a word everybody uses for everything now, amazing, but since it happened so unexpectedly I don't have anything else to say that would be any better."
"Did you touch the guy?"
Chantal nodded. "It was at school, in the library, way in the back. There was an older boy who worked back there in the stock room, he wasn't very good looking but we all liked him. He was kind of ---"
Her voice trailed off as she concentrated on giving herself a good rubbing. I didn't think Chantal was at the point of orgasm, just needing to get to her itch. I pulled in tight to the crotch of her panties and there was no doubt about the wetness that could be seen there, at the area she was caressing with her fingertips.
"Strange?" I prompted, seeking to complete her unfinished sentence.
"Yeah, I guess. He was in the stacks back there where he set up a small table, and I came by. He had it out of his pants. He was looking at some book of pictures, and I came around the corner. Before I knew it, I was right next to him. It looked really big."
"Was he playing with it?"
"He wasn't when I came up on him, but I guess he must've been before I got there. It was all veiny and thick. I looked up at him and I could see he was really scared."
"Go on."
"I felt like I was responsible for making him scared. I was shocked to see his thing hanging out of his zipper like that, but I was more concerned that he thought he was in trouble."
"So you touched him. His cock. To make him feel better."
Chantal's eyes opened wide, like she'd never thought about it like that before. I focused on her face, still in the medium shot. "Yeah, that was it. I knew he wouldn't be upset if I touched him, somehow. We didn't say anything, but I just reached over and held his --"
Again her voice trailed off. "His cock," I said. "You can say it. This is adults only, you know."
"All right, his cock!" Chantal smiled a little. "I remember being surprised that one would be so hot like his was, and also soft at the same time as being stiff."
"So you thought a lot about guys' cocks, before you ever saw one?"
"Sure, that's all my girlfriends and me used to tease each other about: who was going to be the first, so she could tell the others what it was like."
I chuckled at that. "What did he do when you touched him like that?"
"He made a noise like he was surprised but then put his hand right over his mouth. I remember he looked pretty silly, but quickly he was pushing his cock in and out of my hand and I didn't have time to really think."
I noticed that Chantal's clit-rubbing was at a steady, slow pace now and that she seemed lost in her memory, not nervous about my camera or me. One thumb of her other hand idly stroked her left nipple.
"He came pretty soon after that, with just a couple more strokes. That was what was amazing. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, all that white cum spraying out of his cock tip, I mean it was like the tip was opening up with each spurt and I could feel it moving up the shaft. It was all over the book and my wrist and fingertips. He was biting his hand and breathing in and out. His cock was throbbing."
"Can you see it right now?" I prompted. "Him ejaculating?"
"Yeah. His cock had been kind of pulsing in my hand and between my fingers, and then his sperm just spurted out. I could see the pictures in the book were all wet; it was some foreign photography book with topless women."
"Open your legs a little more, Chantal," I instructed as I panned down with the camera. "Show us how wet you are."
She breathed in as she parted her thighs and slid her ass forward on the sofa. I zoomed in to get a super good view of her panty vee, which was showing very moist now. The stain surrounded the area she was working with her fingertips as she slowly rubbed at her slit through the material. I left my focus there for awhile, observing how transparent the cotton was becoming.
"Very nice, very nice," I praised. "I'm sure the audience and myself would love to get a good look at that sweet little cunt. Why don't you pull those panties to the side for us?"
Chantal bit her lip at my use of the word cunt, either from dislike or a rush of erotic feeling would be my two guesses. Most girls don't care for that word but my audience loves it, so I interject it for effect now and then. Regardless of how she felt Chantal obliged us by simply peeling the white cotton vee of her panties to one side.
If you can envision the color of a Pink Pearl eraser (it's a brand name), you've got the hue in mind that adorns Chantal's pussy lips and the area just inside those moist folds. Her gash pouted wetly at me, starkly erotic yet somehow exuding innocence, perhaps due to the manner in which it was openly displayed, like a little girl showing off her coloring book scribbles. Chantal ran an index finger up and down her slit, pulling herself apart so we could see the flesh glisten.
I found myself staring at the prominent ball of her clit, peeping out from under its hood at the crest of her entrance -- it really looked like the proverbial pearl in an oyster, perched atop her moist, fleshy puss. Within her sex mouth I could see the promise of her dark channel, and beneath her slit was the soft curve that signaled the beginning of her ass crack.
Chantal was blemish-free and smooth as a baby, with nary a hint of razor stubble or burn. I didn't even need special lighting. She played with her pussy without hesitation, rubbing the sensitive skin under and over her nub with special care. My focus was pulled in tight enough that there was no ignoring the evidence of her natural lubrication.
"That is one beautiful sight," I praised. "Any of your lovers ever tell you that?"
"Yes," she replied.
"All of them, right?"
She giggled. "Pretty much, I guess."
"I'll bet none of them wanted to admit how stiff they got just looking at you, like I am right now. I think it's time we went to the other room before I can't stand up because all the blood has rushed between my legs. Okay?"
"Okay," she laughed. I pulled the camera up to catch her pretty face.
"Say goodbye to everybody, and tell 'em we'll be back in a minute."
"G'bye. Back in a minute!"
After closing down the first camera set-up I told myself to stay professional about things, but let me tell you I wanted to jump this girl's bones. That wasn't supposed to be on the agenda for today, though, so I forced myself to take my eyes off her body as she sat back against the couch cushions and watched me through those half-lidded eyes.
I got up and made my way back to the bar and that wine bottle, returning to fill her glass once more. As I bent to pour I caught the scent of her arousal. It would've been difficult to miss, since she sat there with her legs casually parted and her panties still peeled to one side. I thought my cock would rip through my slacks.
"Do you need a break before we go to the bedroom?" I inquired as I sat next to her and drained the final drops from my own glass. Chantal's nipples looked actually wet, they were so swollen. I could see delicate little bumps formed around the base of them.
"What?" she replied as she somewhat sloppily raised her glass once more to her lips. She took a very long sip that was actually more of a gulp.
"I was just saying, do you need—"
"Oh, I'm sorry. A break," she interrupted, grasping what I'd said. "Yeah, I guess so. Jeez, I almost came. Sorry, suddenly I'm all out of it." She smiled sweetly at me as her free hand unconsciously crept up her thigh to idly brush over her exposed pussy. It was one of the most natural moves I've ever seen, completely without guile. I could see from the hazy expression on her face that Chantal hadn't been lying, she likely had almost orgasmed a few moments ago. I was so horned-up over this that I felt like a 13-year-old copping his first feel.
"Fine," I managed to say. "You just take all the time you need." I rose to my feet. "I'll give one last check to the bedroom cameras."
Of course the equipment needed no such going-over, but I had to get up and keep my mind occupied. I reluctantly turned my back on the all-but-naked young lady on the couch and quickly readjusted the front of my slacks so that I could walk naturally. Just touching myself lightly through my pants almost made me groan.
In a few minutes I'd be video-ing her sprawled on the bed doing what-not; I tried to clear my mind of those images so I could function. I paced around the bedroom, checking things that didn't need to be checked. That's when I heard the unmistakable sound of water streaming into a toilet bowl. Only it wasn't water -- the minx was relieving herself in the bathroom nearby and hadn't bothered to close the door first.
Most of a bottle of wine had gone its natural course, and now I was stuck with the lewd sight in my mind of her sitting there on the can with her.....well, you get the picture. As if I didn't have enough to keep me hot and bothered, her pissing seemed to go on for hours, all the while with me imagining exactly what that might look like, in close-up. I couldn't help that, really -- the earliest erotic memory of my life was a neighbor girl doing exactly that out in the woods, and studying my face as I watched her do it.
"I'm ready," Chantal announced softly from the doorway. I turned and saw she was leaning against the doorjamb, her body a beautifully-varied hue of pinks and lightly tanned flesh. One hand was on her hip.
She seemed to glow with energy, at least to my eyes. At less that five-foot-four she managed to fill a room with her presence. I couldn't help but stare at the cute little furrow of her shaved sex. Was that a bit of moisture clinging to her smooth skin, right at the mouth? She seemed so untouched and inexperienced, so almost virginal, an illusion that I couldn't shake off even after having been with her out in the living room.
I realized even as I stared openly at her body and felt my cock aching in my boxers that there was a mere window in time that she would appear to have this quality of innocence, and that I was just lucky enough to be a spectator.
"Why don't you sit here, then." I motioned to the foot of the bed, and I wish I could convey what a delight it was to watch her stroll over and do exactly that. The parts that should sway sexily did so, the parts that should bob provocatively did likewise. Even her hair cooperated, moving just right as the tips fanned over her shoulders.
As she perched that youthful ass at the foot of the bed I took my place behind the camera, which was already trained on that very spot where she sat, me slipping into the portable chair as casually as I could. Chantal openly studied the obvious tent in my lap as I settled into place and spent a little time reminding her what we'd be doing. She nodded as I spoke, her eyes moving from mine to my crotch and then back again. There was no artifice or suggestion about her doing so, just an observational expression on her face. I don't know if she took in a word I uttered.
Her breasts hung there with that ever-so-slight sag, awaiting my touch, and her thighs parted waiting for my fingertips, and her mouth opened waiting for the glans of my cock to rest on her tongue. Well, as I spoke to her that's what my mind was seeing happen.
"You're sure you're ready to go back to the camera being live?" I asked when I'd finished going over things. Chantal nodded with a slight smile and sort of wiggled her naked ass into the bedcovers. I focused on her through the camera's eye.
"Good. We'll go on three, then...1,...2,...3...Well, when last we saw Chantal, you may remember she was giving us a good look at her very pretty pussy," I announced in a somewhat silly voice as I again got the camera rolling.
This made her giggle in a slightly intoxicated way. I focused at first on her face and then let the camera rove over her body as I continued my palaver. "It seemed like maybe you were getting a little aroused before. Does showing off make you wet?"
"Mmm-hmmm," she agreed.
"Did you ever show off for the boys when you were growing up?"
"Sure. When I was—"
"Oops, no ages please!" I interrupted. "Don't want to get us a bad rep, eh?"
"Okay," Chantal pouted. "When I was younger. They wouldn't let us wear slacks in my school, just skirts, but I didn't mind because the boys would always be looking. It was a way to get attention."
"You mean attention like you're getting now," I prodded. Chantal blushed prettily. I gave her a grin and moved the camera down to examine her crotch as she idly ran her fingers around that sensitive area.
"Yeah, I guess I love attention. So, when I caught on to how things were, sometimes I wouldn't wear panties. I'd take 'em off and stash them in my locker."
"And that got you plenty of looks, yes?"
She nodded. "The best was when our English Lit teacher, this guy we called The Claw 'cause he had a sort of deformed hand, you know? - he checked me out in class one day; he turned all red like he was going to have a heart attack or something."
"Because you weren't wearing panties under your skirt?"
"Yeah. And I was in the front row, with my legs a little open."
"Can you show us?"
Without hesitation Chantal hunched forward a bit on the end of the bed and opened her thighs. Her perfect little moist pussy certainly had that poetic "petal of a flower in the morning" look. I could see the nub of her clit protruding slightly from under its hood as I pulled in for a close-up.
"How does it feel with a camera right there giving you a close exam?" I asked, as I moved the lens up to her face and caught Chantal looking down at herself with interest.
"Pretty hot, I guess," she breathed. I moved down again to watch the fingers of her right hand slide up her thigh. I got the feeling this young lady spends the whole day feeling herself up.
"You can say that again," I replied, referring to the heat of the moment. "Do you want to finger yourself a little for us? I'm sure your audience would like that."
"Yeah, uh-huh. Should I sit here like this?" Meaning the end of the bed. I could see her eyeing with curiosity the second camera that was set up, to her left.
"Sure, for now," I agreed. Then, impulsively: "But first, is it okay if I do a little reaching out, myself?"
"Oh, oh yes. Please, I wish you would." And damned if it didn't sound like she meant it, sincerely! My cock actually squirmed in my shorts, or at least it felt that way. I removed the camera from the tripod with my left hand and robotically focused as my right moved on its own toward her. I'm only aware of this quick sequence of events because I saw it during the editing phase; at the time it happened, all I thought about was touching her.
Chantal actually moved forward so that I wouldn't have to reach very far. I cupped her soft left breast and felt the weight of it against my hand. A strong feeling of desire seemed to connect for a moment between us. On the video you can hear us making low sounds of approval as my fingers went to one stiff nipple and then over to the other, then up her neck to the hollow there that was blushing pink, then up further to her chin for a moment before moving back down.
This girl's flesh felt electric and alive under my fingertips. My dick was throbbing with its own pulse as my hand moved over her breasts for awhile, gently pinching her responsive nipples, and then moved down her belly with my camera following as best it could. When my fingers reached her sex she made a light moaning sound and pushed her lower body out toward me. I somehow managed again to focus the camera (it looks a little shaky right there on the completed video, I admit) as I slid my index finger around the wet lips of her cunt, and then used the tip on her clitoris just for a moment before impulsively sliding it up into her hole.
Hot? You can imagine, I hope. Velvet, satin, like sunny ripe fruit clinging to you with sweet muscles....all that, and probably more. I had a second finger in there before I even knew myself that I was doing it, and was automatically caressing her clit with the ball of my thumb. With the corner of one eye on the monitor I studied her face as I worked the fingers into her.
Chantal looked back at me with a rather triumphant gaze, just her upper lip moving a little in response to what I was doing. If not for the quickening of her breathing and the light grinding of her pelvis, I might not be able to tell that she felt any pleasure at all. But the increasing heat inside her pussy and the moisture leaking out around my fingers told me all I needed to know.
"My, my," I heard myself saying as I reluctantly withdrew myself from her after a few more moments, my fingers glistening with the evidence of her arousal. "You are one passionate young woman." Before she could reply I impulsively brought that hand up to her face and brushed my wet fingers against her cheek and over her lower lip, not knowing how Chantal would react.
Happily, she didn't recoil from my touch. Her heavy-lidded eyes met mine as she ran her tongue out to taste herself on her lips. I moved back to replace the camera in its rest, my respect for her self-control continuing to grow. One of her own hands was back between her legs in a flash as I refocused. Like I say, Chantal is no stranger to feeling herself up. And the way she wasn't shy about her own juices had me already plotting some girl-girl sessions.
"Lie back," I instructed in a low voice. She did so, and from that point I didn't have to say a word for some minutes. The camera did all the talking as Chantal opened herself up and played with her ripe pussy. Her clit seemed engorged with arousal, and I noticed she flinched a little every time one of her fingertips moved over that upper part of her opening, as though it was too much pleasure for her to handle.
I did my best to frame her so that we'd see the rise and fall of her breasts above the view of her pink sex and busy fingers, but I doubt most viewers will take the time to notice any attempts on my part to appear professional in my work -- they'll be too busy touching themselves. It was enough to simply keep the camera focused on what may be one of the prettiest depilated crotches to ever grace an adult film rental shelf.
Chantal alternated between dipping her middle finger into her juicy slit and rubbing the tip over her pink nub, back and forth. I could see the moisture seeping down into the furrow that began the division of her ass cheeks, perched as she was at the end of the bed with her legs spread. Her lower body sort of writhed, but not in an out of control way; more of a practiced, steady rhythm. I began to wonder if Chantal was purposely keeping herself at an arousal threshold so that she could wring the most prolonged pleasure out of her debut session.
Speaking of an arousal threshold, I used this opportunity to unzip and give myself some much-needed comfort, fishing my cock out from the confines of my underwear. It felt like I'd had a stiff one for a week. I accompanied this maneuver with a bit of commentary.
"Hope you don't mind that I get a little more comfortable," I said. "My slacks are becoming rather snug."
Chantal cradled her head with her idle arm and strained to peer down at my lap. I wasn't worried about her first impression of my dick (in my line, you get over that thinking fast), but I was rather gratified that she wore a lustful expression and a little smile at the sight of me emerging from my zipper. She continued to play with herself, and since she was looking at it anyway I decided to oblige her by gripping my dick lightly and idly stroking up and down. Not that I needed any stimulation, but I admit it felt very good. I fished my balls out, too, for good measure.
I kept the camera moving slowly about, focusing on her lush pussy here, her steadily rising and falling breasts there, her cute face with the droopy eyelids. I'd edit wherever necessary, later. Eventually I lifted the camera off its support again and asked Chantal to slide on her back up the bed. As she did so I wasn't surprised to notice a wetness mark on the edge of bedspread, right where her lower body had been resting.
She moved up nicely and rested her shoulders and head on the pillows, right where I wanted her. Her knees were up and her legs slightly spread, so I put my camera back to work in roaming over her charms, taking care to get in several moments of her sexy face. Like I say, I'd edit later.
Chantal was a natural show-off, unselfconscious and charming; she had no issues with doing as I asked. When I told her to raise her legs to the ceiling and hold them tightly to her body at the knees, she readily grasped my intent to study the fulcrum where her crotch meets the division of her ass. She peeked her head around her gams to smile at me as I trained the lens between her legs, to reveal the vertical slit of her vagina and the lightly shadowed but hairless crack that curved back underneath. Just showing within that separation was the pinkish edge of her rear entry.
"Why don't you turn it around for us, Chantal," I suggested. "We need a good look at what's happening behind you, now that there aren't any panties in the way." I knelt up on the bed in a sort of half-crouch, to get the best angle of view as she gracefully slid her body around and got on all fours. Her full, shapely buttocks unceremoniously opened up before me as she settled into place, and it was as dirty a picture as you'll ever see in one of my productions. Nothing's as innocently filthy as a pretty young lady's nether region spread out from behind, all raw and tender and showing wet.
"Oh, yeah," I praised as she arched her back and pressed her charms back toward my camera. "You just made half of your audience orgasm, I swear."
This flat-out cracked her up, which caused her body to jiggle charmingly as she propped herself on her elbows and craned her neck to look back at me down the length of her naked body. "I certainly hope so," she agreed with a throaty giggle in her voice. "That's what I'm here for."
"Quite true," I murmured as I pulled in close to show the pulpy moistness of Chantal's swollen pussy and the somewhat vertical-shaped opening of her ass, just above it. Nestled between the parted globes of her cheeks, her rear hole was a softer pink that her cunt, and the skin had a bit of tannish hue above and below her opening. Taken together in this view, both of her holes looked frankly like they'd be a joy to finger, to kiss...to lick...and to fuck.
"You like to be felt up from behind?" I inquired, even as my right hand began to reach out.
"You mean in my ass?"
"Yes...as well as your pussy," I replied with forced calmness, as my fingers reached her right cheek and indulged in a bit of squeezing.
"I really like it more for the guy's sake, as far as in my ass goes," was her reply. She wiggled back against me a little as I pressed the heel of my lower palm into the moistness of her pussy. "It's exciting because he likes it, because it's so dirty, at least to most guys."
"Yes, yes, I know," I agreed in a low voice as my index finger began to trace the rim of her anus. The little steadicam device attached to my camera comes in handy at times like these, making it possible for me to feel up pretty women while sporting a fierce hard-on without the viewer getting seasick from my swaying about. Chantal joined in by pressing back and lightly grinding against me as I massaged her forbidden zone gently and kept up the pressure with the heel of my hand against her moist, warm sex. Her knees seemed to part even more.
"Have you ever had anything bigger than a finger in here?" I asked as I carefully inserted one of my own into her tight sheath, up to the first knuckle, eliciting an audible intake of her breath. It was hot and clinging and rubbery in there. My arousal was so pronounced that I seemed to feel each and every nerve ending in the head of my cock; a quick look down made me realize that precum had been dripping onto the bedspread below where my dick hung out of my trousers.
"Mmmmph," she grunted softly as I moved my finger about in the first inch of her ass. "Once a guy tried but I couldn't loosen up enough."
"That I can believe," I replied. "You should feel how tight you are. Go ahead and feel."
I gingerly eased my finger out and pulled the camera's focus back about three feet or so to get a fuller picture of the scene. Chantal's ass was up and spread as she craned her neck to look back at me. The soft nature of her body and her sweet expression of arousal were well-captured in my framing, and the effect was almost unbearably intimate when combined with her wet, pouting cunt lips and the sight of her rear hole above them.
Add to that one of her hands reaching back and a slim middle finger snaking over the top and then down to touch her own ass hole, her fingertip first gently rimming the opening and then delving inside. It doesn't get much dirtier than this, ladies and gentlemen. I wasn't even aware of my hand snaking up and down my cock until a sudden, strong, urgent twinge of pleasure made me notice it -- I guess I was jerking off as an automatic reaction to what Chantal was showing us all. That I hadn't just spurted all over the bedspread was a minor miracle.
She worked her finger in to the first knuckle and squirmed around a little in reaction to the feeling. The rest of her fingers splayed out over the cheeks of her ass. I focused the camera in to get a good look at just how tightly the rubbery ring of her anus was hugging her digit. You can hear me make a little swearing sound under my breath right then, if you rent the disc. You may be making that same sound.
I was surprised to see Chantal work her entire finger inside her ass. "I would've bet you couldn't do that," I remarked.
She smirked at me with that pretty mug as she peered around herself, her head propped-up on her free elbow. "It doesn't hurt or anything," she replied. "But you're right, it feels pretty snug."
"Can you pull it out a little and then go back in?"
"You mean, like fuck myself with it?"
"Well, since you put it that way...."
She managed to indeed slip it out and back in a few times for me, but not without some visible effort. As I watched I got an idea.
"I love how you sounded just now when you swore. That was really sexy. Can you do that some more right now, while you're fingering your ass?"
"You mean like say fuck?", she replied, her finger moving in and out and her pussy spreading open more with each thrust.
"Maybe be a little creative, use your imagination for us."
"Ummm, okay: I'm fucking my ass hole with my finger, and it feels good to be showing off my pussy while you jerk off."
"I didn't know you caught that," I barked back with a little laugh. "I'm sure plenty of guys will be doing the same thing when they see you, Chantal. How does that make you feel?"
"Fucking fine," she giggled. She had a lusty tone to that laugh, though. "As long as one of them is you."
"Oh, I'm flattered," I shot back in jest, but actually I almost believed she was sincere. I took myself in hand for her as she continued to stick a finger into herself for the camera, but I could only manage an easy stroke -- anything more would've been dangerous.
"More talk," I prompted.
"Okay. I wish your cock were in my mouth. I bet it tastes juicy."
"Good, good," I praised. "And where else would you like it?"
"Sliding into my pussy." Chantal lowered her shoulder to the bed so she could bring her other arm into use. She propped her head on a pillow as she struggled to continue looking back at me. I saw fingers start to snake under herself.
"What if I got it all nice and slippery in your cunt first, so it would go easy into your ass?"
"I don't know. It looks too big. Maybe just the tip," she teased back, more in control at this point than I would've expected. She had to know the effect her words would be having on me. My balls felt like they were churning as they hugged up against my body. Those fingers I mentioned before were now busy in the moist pink flesh of her pussy. The one above continued to slide slowly in and out of her ass, more easily now.
"Just the tip? That would be enough," I said, truthfully. "The way I feel right now I wouldn't get more than the tip in before I lost it, anyway. Would you let me cum inside you? Inside your ass?"
Chantal continued to pick up on the game, just as though we had scripted it: "You mean you want to put just the tip of your dick into my ass? Right here?" She eased that lone digit out of her opening and used her fingertip as a pointer, posing it right at the rim. Her ass hole had loosened just a bit from her probing, so it stayed slightly parted even after her finger had withdrawn. Below it two fingers from her other hand were buried in her wet cunt.
"Yes."
"And move it in and out a little, just fuck my ass a little?"(Jesus, she really knew how to lay it on!)
"Oh, yes," I agreed, "just a little, because I couldn't take any more than that." How I kept the camera in position with my free hand I don't know.
"Oh, it feels so big in there. It's filling me up." Chantal put just the right touch of lust in her voice to keep that cliché from being laughable. "God, it's so hot!"
And then we both broke up laughing, we really couldn't help it. It was one of those rare times when humor and hot fantasy combine to bring people to some sort of shared release point. Both of us were horned-up as hell but laughing at the same time. I had to edit some of it out, as you'll see, because I actually dropped the camera and joined my model in rolling on the bed with laughter. You won't see this, but after we managed to calm down a bit we rolled into one another and embraced, me fully clothed save for my stiff dick protruding from my zipper, and her naked as a newborn with her body naturally wrapping around me like we were old lovers.
It was sexy but at the same time friendly, and that was also the mood of our quick kiss just before I rose from the bed and tried to restore some semblance of a work ethic to the proceedings. Since my trousers were becoming a nuisance I doffed them along with my underwear and loafers. I managed to get the main camera back into focus and the second camera tuned in on its tripod by the side of the bed, and then I maneuvered Chantal into her position for the final sequence.
So, when the disc resumes you'll see I'm standing at the foot of the bed with the main hand-held camera's point of view looking down, like it's on my left shoulder. The tripod-mounted camera's point of view is from the side, showing Chantal in profile from the chest up as she perches again at the edge of the foot of the bed. I edit-in that view from time to time on the finished disc, as you'll notice. Back by the end table (out of camera view) is a large monitor where I watched how everything looked as it was being recorded.
Hanging in space there in front of Chantal (did I mention?) bobbed my swollen penis and my ball sac. Like I said before, I'd been half-hard with anticipation for some time before the girl even arrived that day, so my dick felt stiff and long enough to be of porn star proportions by the time this scene was set. Unfortunately, imagining myself that way and actually looking that way are two different things (as you'll likely observe on your screen), but I feel I was up to the task, so to speak.
In my right hand was the remote toggle for the tripod camera, in my left the hand-held camera, and in Chantal's hands in that next moment lay my most precious equipment. She handled me firmly yet delicately as she gazed frankly up at the camera. The reason my dick looks the biggest it ever has on camera during this sequence is due solely to the smallness of her features. Her hand looked tiny gripping me, my erection positively looming over her face as she slid her soft hands up and down my shaft and caressed my balls, the reddish cap of my cock nearly brushing against her cheek.
I switched momentarily to the side view camera where I could admire her breasts with their stiff nipples poking out and up toward me. As she brought my prick up against her face and brushed it over her skin, electricity shot through my spine.
"Oh, girl, that is so good," I enthused. She responded by looking up into my eyes and then directing my heated flesh so that the very tip slid over her closed mouth, as though she wanted to smear her lipstick with it. I groaned and tried to push myself between those lips, but she wasn't yet ready to allow me inside. Instead she dipped her head suddenly downward and took my balls wholly into her mouth in one surprise lunge, while stroking my dick firmly with her hand.
I groaned in unfeigned pleasure as Chantal's aggressive tongue laved over my sensitive skin. For a moment I watched as the crown of my penis rested against her hairline. Then, as quickly as it had already happened, Chantal popped my sac out of her mouth and used her tongue all over the underside of my shaft on an exquisite journey up to the tip. In another second I gasped as my glans entered her mouth and was being caressed by the flat of her tongue...and then it only seemed like another instant that the whole of me was enjoying the warm, snug wetness of her mouth and the top of her throat.
Her enthusiasm caught me off guard, which was likely her intent. There was a mischievous quality to this young lady that I was only just beginning to appreciate. But never mind that now, much more interesting was the way she was sucking on my cock and reaching around to hug me closer to her face, not to mention the fact that with her other hand she was strumming her clit as she ground her fanny into the bed.
I twigged that she was now determined to reach her satisfaction, the point that she'd kept herself from reaching all this session. Not only did this girl get off by teasing the audience and me, she got a kick out of teasing herself as well.
"Can you make it?" I whispered. She looked up at me with her mouth full and nodded quickly, her eyes all half-lidded again. Her hand gripped my ass and fed herself my cock, her fingertips entering my crack a little to get a good grip. The fingers at her crotch seemed to speed up their stroking. I wondered idly if I'd be receiving a special cleaning bill for the bedspread.
I managed again to keep the cameras focused and taking it all in. I'd zoom-in with each, occasionally, to show her sexy actions from the best vantage points. She wasn't a bit perturbed, and seemed to be performing only for me. I was getting a feeling of personal satisfaction beyond the physical, thinking foolishly at the moment that it was my cock and balls that were getting her so hot and grindy. Of course it was the whole scene that was sending Chantal to the point of no return, and I was just glad it was me in the room with her.
"That's going to make me come, sweetheart," I warned her. "So good, so good." Her tongue lashed over the underside of my shaft repeatedly as we both slid me in and out of her salivating mouth, with her occasionally stopping to suck deliberately just on the head and probe my piss hole with her tongue point. These were activities guaranteed to bring a man's sap to rise, and that's what was beginning to happen to mine. You can hear the wet sound of her working her mouth and tongue all over my aching dick.
She pulled back and ran my cock over her upper face, nosing my balls and stretching her tongue underneath them. My prick was shiny with her spit and looked impossibly red against her features. Chantal was practically humping her fingers now as she loved my equipment to death.
"I can feel how full they are," she muttered.
"Huh?" [I was beyond articulate speech at the moment]
"Your balls. You really need to come," she explained, like a nurse practitioner making a diagnosis. She fondled my testicles carefully, as though measuring their contents.
"Umm, yeah," I agreed as she parted her lips and held the tip of my prick against the flat of her tongue, knowing full well I was looking right down at her and could see every lewd moment of her performance, and so could the camera. Chantal jerked my shaft with one hand and diddled herself with the other, all the while her young features contrasting innocently with her actions. She managed to look cute rather than wanton, even with her eyelids drooping in lazy lust and her mouth wide open to show my cock against her tongue. Her lazy eyes studied mine.
"Is that....where you want it?" I managed to ask as she lapped again at my pee hole. We hadn't discussed beforehand any details about this, so it wasn't a pre-packaged question.
"If you do," she encouraged, momentarily taking her mouth off me. Her body was shaking a little bit, I could see. I wondered if we could reach climax together. With the toggle in my right hand I zoomed in from the side, the camera there showing now a close-up of my cock posed in front of her face as Chantal slid her hand up and down it.
"If you keep that up I'm going to go off in your face," I warned, and I wasn't kidding. In my mind's eye I could already see it happening. Chantal jolted a bit and made a gasping sound as she heard the words I said, making me certain now that she wasn't faking any of her passion. She might be as close to completion as I was. I decided to press on.
"Does that turn you on, a guy coming in your face?" I asked urgently, again causing her to gasp. "His cum shooting out of his dick and covering your face?"
"Fuck," she barked out, breathing low and spreading her legs wide. I looked down quickly with my eyes as well as the hand-held to study Chantal's pussy as she ground it against her busy fingers. Her grip on my cock tightened as she started to really rub at herself. For a second it actually hurt, she squeezed me so hard.
"Did you ever have a guy jack off in your face before?" I continued, experiencing the familiar feeling of my balls beginning to reach that trigger-point of no return. "Jerk his cock right in front of you until he — "
"Yes," Chantal cut me off with another, louder gasp, her hand dropping away from me and her upper body sinking backwards a bit toward the bed. As she abruptly began to orgasm right there in front of me, her eyes locked on my throbbing dick, her expression became a little crazy and twisted, and then she was bucking against her fingers and trembling. Her head came forward again as she rocked from side to side, her face grazing against my penis as she started hauling air into her lungs.
Making a very quick check to be sure the stationary camera was still focused up close, I dropped the toggle and filled my hand with myself. I wanted to catch up to her. With the hand-held I drew in close to show just the head of my engorged cock against the backdrop of her flushed skin, my fist urging me closer and closer until I pushed the glans right into her left cheek, just above her open lips. I was pressed up tight to her skin when I began to come.
"Oh, oh, oh," Chantal was chanting rhythmically as the pleasure coursed through her and my sperm spattered off her cheek to spray against her naked shoulder. My own orgasmic feelings took a few seconds to catch up, the cum boiling out of me so fast that the pleasure hadn't yet hit. Trapped with my dick against her face like that, the second wave that left me came out as a compressed gob that began immediately to drip down Chantal's cheek to her chin, and then splatter down onto her right breast.
She shifted unexpectedly with another gasp and my prick spat out a line of cream that entered her open lips to gather in a string on her tongue, a sight that caused me to immediately push my cock inside and empty the rest of my aching balls into her instinctively sucking mouth.
I felt my pleasure pour out of me, relishing every second of sensation. It was intense and quick, for both of us. The major rushes of our respective pleasures peaked early, and then we were both sagging like rag dolls. I lost control of the hand-held for a few moments, as you'll see, then managed to get it back into line to pull in close to Chantal's blushing neck and face. Her features looked slack and druggy but happy. My rapidly-softening penis emerged from her mouth, dragging a line of saliva and semen along with it.
Chantal gave one final writhe against her fingers and lay back on her elbows, her lower body splaying out in exhaustion. Her glistening breasts heaved with the rise and fall of her breath. My knees were weak, but I managed to stay standing so I could get some footage of her lolling in exhaustion. She gave a little smile as my camera roved over her pinkish face, taking in the smears of jism that dotted her upper lip and hung down her cheek. Her tits shone wetly.
I hadn't even caught my breath enough to think, so at that moment I wasn't wondering what she'd done with the rest of my offering. In a moment when she opened her mouth to speak I realized she must have swallowed.
"Did you get all that?" she asked, and then burst out laughing, her naked body shaking with mirth as she pointed at the two cameras.
"Yes, and then some," I grinned back. "I hope you enjoyed yourself."
"Jesus...", she muttered, shaking her head, and then looked up at me. "Can I say that on film?"
"Hey, this is America," I joked. "You can say anything. Speaking of which, do you have any parting words for our audience?"
"Sure," Chantal replied, and she turned to the camera on the tripod. "Just imagine this is you," she instructed the camera, and then slid neatly to her knees on the carpet. With one move she engulfed my softened cock in that wonderful mouth of hers again, bathing my sensitive flesh in warm wetness. Damned if I didn't feel all cozy and loved. Of course Chantal knew I still had the other camera running, so she played to it by looking upward at me as she pulled herself away from and let my slackened meat hang against her smiling lips. She spent a few seconds sucking on my tender balls, and then she waved at the camera with a goodbye smirk.
"That was great, just great," I praised her as I set the camera down in the chair and drew her to her feet for a warm embrace. Her body felt soft and yielding in my arms, her breath tickling my neck as I held her close for a moment or two, my right hand on her supple ass. If you don't watch it you could fall in love with this one, I remember thinking.
"Do me a favor?" she whispered.
"Sure."
By way of reply Chantal grasped my hand from behind her waist and drew it between us, pulling it downward to her crotch. She turned her face to mine, and I could smell myself on her skin. "I can have a little after-come," she whispered. "Just touch it for me."
She held my fingers against her sopping pussy and pressed inward. I didn't have to be told how hot she was, it felt like chicken soup fresh out of the pot, and I didn't need to be coaxed. In moments I was strumming at her clit with the tips of my index and middle finger and our mouths were glued to each other. I didn't care that she tasted like sperm and that her other hand was again grasping and pumping my over-sensitive equipment, because I could feel the strong need blazing out of her; that feeling seemed bigger than both of us.
In a few moments, with my tongue down her throat and my fingers deep in her groove, she shivered and came again, a muffled sound coming from somewhere in her chest. I thought my dick would be torn off my body, she clamped down on it so hard with her hand. Over and over she spasmed, filling me with the awe and envy that every man must feel for the prolonged pleasure by which some women seem blessed. Despite the fact that my cock was being so roughly handled I couldn't help but feel it start to fill with blood again, just from the effects of her sheer erotic presence. If this was "a little after-come", then may I have the same someday.
With my other hand I reached around her as she continued to shake, to get my fingers into that hot little ass of hers again. I found her crack and held her jiggling flesh tightly to me, snaking a finger into her rear hole with almost no effort. It wasn't that I sought to bring her more pleasure so much as it was a selfish, brute instinct to have this overheated young woman in every way possible, while the getting was good. She simply felt so....sexual.
We stayed like that while Chantal's pleasure gradually subsided. Our mouths stayed hungry for each other's tongues as her flesh molded to mine and I felt again the wetness on my fingers. When finally she went slack I picked her up and laid her down on the bed, where she collapsed with a smutty little grin on her pretty face. I found a blanket in the closet and put it over her, surprising myself at my own energy level and presence of thought, considering how spent that orgasm had left me.
Of course I hadn't been focused enough to catch the last few minutes on video, which is a pity; you'll just have to take my word for that action...but what you will see on the disc are a few more quick bits that we finished up with that afternoon, after Chantal came back to life. The first was her taking another long pee, with my camera accompanying her on her trip from the bedroom -- you can watch her stepping woozily into the bathroom and then practically falling onto the toilet seat in a happy, weary state. She smiles at us just before my camera travels down to watch her gush into the commode, with her saying something like "I can't believe I'm letting everyone see me do this" in a none-too-convincing tone of voice. A little paper is applied with her hand to keep things neat and tidy after she's finished, so we get to see that wonderful cunt in close-up some more.
Since I had to go as well, the next thing you see (in that eye-over-my-shoulder point of view) is me trying not to get an erection as Chantal directs my dick at that same target bowl with her hand, and I manage to avoid spraying piss all over the bathroom and her fingers, god knows how. She was really giggling there.
Too bad if you don't like a little pissing with your sex, you can always fast-forward to the last bit where I'm sporting a full hard-on again and sitting out in the living room. Chantal's loving my dick with her mouth again, this time softly and tenderly with none of those urgent moves she was using at the height of her passion. She's on her knees on the carpet, her head sometimes resting on my thigh as she admires how stiff she's making my cock all over again with her hand. And then I'm back between those sweet lips, or running all over her face. It's so cozy and intimate, with only the sexy sounds of her slurping and sucking as accompaniment.
She can tell when I'm going to come, and just gazes steadily into the camera with those bedroom eyes, the swollen head of my penis right at her half-open mouth as she strokes it, slowly. I sigh as the pleasure overtakes me again and the semen runs up my shaft and over her lips and tongue. Chantal milks the cream out of me and laps at it like a confirmed masturbator's dream girl, playing to her viewers, spending a long time kissing the tip of my dick and showing the white ropes and puddles of cum on her tongue. I don't think there's a man out there who won't feel the urge to run this segment over and over again, and maybe some women as well?
At the end she scoops it all into her mouth, works it with her tongue like my jism is a savory meal, and then gives a big, exaggerated swallow.
With nothing left to show you that session, I just let the camera fade out on her pretty face. Hope you've enjoyed yourself.