Her: You suck at this game.
"Pssh, no! You just have... beginner's luck or something!"
Her: Is that why I nearly double your score right now?
"Just shut up and play!"
Her: You know what I'm thinking about right now?
"I don't care."
Her: I'm thinking about that stupid smug look you had on your face when I agreed to the silly forfeit you suggested. Ya know, the one where the loser agreed to be spanked by the winner?
*unintelligible grumbling sound*
Her: Ha! You were soooo confident you were gonna beat me. You were bragging about how you were gonna put me over your knee and spank me for every point that you gained over me... I rather like that idea.
"Hey, it's not over yet!"
Her: Oh sweetie, it was over from the start. I mean look at this, I'm absolutely dominating you. I've completely undressed you virtually, and pretty soon I'm about to undress you, literally.
"Wait, what? We never agreed to that!"
Her: I think it's fitting, given the circumstances. I owned you like a bitch at your own game, so I should get to spank you like a bitch. And bitches don't get to wear clothes.
"But I still have a chance to win. It's slim, but as long as you don't-"
Her: Do this?
"... Do that..."
Her: Tell me again how you can still win?
"I... I can't..."
Her: You... can't? You mean... you're destined to..
"...lose... I lost."
Her: Making you the...?
"...Loser."
Her: And making me the...?
"Winner."
Her: Oh. So does that mean my hypothesis earlier was correct? That I just spanked you at your own game? That I made you my little bitch?
*Sigh* "Yes."
Her: Yes, what?
"Yes, you made me your bitch."
Her: And what do bitches wear?
"Oh come on! Are you really gonna make me-"
Her: Put the controller down, bitch.
"But I can still get some points and-"
Her: Now, bitch!
"Ok, geez..."
Her: Good, now undress.
"Oh my god, do I have to???"
Her: For every second you continue to stall I'm going to spank you that many more times.
"Ok, ok! Here... There's my shoes..And my socks..."
Her: Faster, bitch!
"I'm going! Jeez I almost tripped just now stepping out of my pants!"
Her: You're a clumsy little bitch aren't you?
"I, uh... er, well I guess... Anyway, here's my shirt as well. Is that good enough?"
Her: Come here, bitch.
"What uh... what are you gonna... WHOA!"
Her: Get over my knee!
*Smack, smack, smack*
Her: How does it feel? How's it feel to be over the winners knee, getting spanked, wearing nothing but your underwear?
"It feels... - Ouch! It feels humiliating!"
*Continues spanking*
Her: I want you to tell me how easy it was for me to defeat you at your own game while I spank you.
"Ow! You want me to wha-"
Her: But first, let's get rid of these. I told you bitches don't wear clothes.
"WHoa! What are you doing?! I didn't think you were serious! I'm gonna be completely naked!"
Her: That's right. A completely naked spanking for the equivalent of a completely naked loss. I completely dominated you at your own game! I undressed you and had my way with you. Just like now. I have you naked, over my knee and at my disposal.
"It wasn't that bad! I did okay..."
Her: Okay?? Look at you! This is the equivalent of how you performed in that game. I stripped you naked, put you over my knee and spanked you! Just like I'm actually doing now!
"Owwww! Okay, okay! I get it, you beat me!"
Her: How badly did I beat you?
"Really badly! You undressed me! Stripped me! Spanked me! Ouch! You completely humiliated me and have me over your lap like the bitch that I am."
Her: Oh, I like the sound of that. Tell me again what a bitch you are.
"I am a complete and utter bitch. I am your bitch. You have fully disrobed, embarrassed and taken control of me. I am your naked slut."
Her: Oh, AND you're a slut now too? Oh my my, what a loser you are. A naked, slutty loser bitch.
*Smack!*
"Ouch! Are we done yet?"
Her: Not yet, bitch. There's one more thing. Get on the bed on all fours and wait for me.
"Ugh, fine..."
*Rustling sounds from another room*
Her: Here it is. Now, I want you to remember who's bitch you are in the future. That's why I'm gonna fuck you with this strap-on.
"WHAT?!"
Her: Now hold still, bitch.
"What are you doin-AHHHUhhhhOOhhhh..."
Her: Shhhh, just relax and take it in, my slutty little whore.
"I can't believe you're-"
Her: Oh hey Nicole!
"What the fuck?!"
Her: Actually, I'm kinda busy at the moment, Nicole...
"Are you seriously on the fuckin phone with your stupid fucking sister right now?"
Her: Can you hold on a minute Nicole... Did you just call my sister stupid?
"What? How is that the only thing you got from that?"
Her: Bitches don't get to call anyone stupid. Except for themselves... Actually that's a good idea... Hey Nicole, sorry about that. My boyfriend actually has something he wants to say to you... Here, take the phone and tell her how great I am while I fuck you.
"You want me to whaaaaa-oh hey Nicoleeeaaahhhhh... I, uhhhhh-Oh god... I just wanted to let you knooo-ohhhhhhh how much I truly admire your sisteruhhhhhhh oh fuck... oh fuck... OH FUCK!"
Her: PICK THAT FUCKING PHONE UP RIGHT NOW AND APOLOGIZE TO MY SISTER FOR DROPPING IT RIGHT NOW!
"But it feels so-OH GOD!- It feels so good... It's so humiliating. I don't know if I can talk to her while you-"
Her: DO IT, BITCH! And tell her who's in charge of you!
*Scrambles for phone*
"Hi Nicooooo-ohhhhh god! I uh... oh fuck... I'm so sorry for dropping the phone. And ohhhhhhh jesus. Oh fuck. I want you to know that-"
Her: Louder, bitch!
*Yelling* "I want you to know that I'm your sisters bitch! I'm her bitch! She is in charge of me and can fuck me however she wants oh my god I'm coming!"
Her: Tell my sister why you're coming, bitch!
"I'm coming because your sister is fucking me because she beat me at my own game, and stripped me naked and spanked me and made me her slutty little anal whore loser bitchhhhhhh uhhhhhhhh oh fuuuuuuuuuuck!!"
*Thrusting slows*
Her: There's a good bitch.