Warning: This is the sixth chapter in a long, sometimes slow, edgy and very kinky incest tale. Each chapter builds on previous chapters. This story contains topics such as small breast fetish, female and male domination/submission, cuckoldry, spanking, voyeurism, exhibitionism, cross-dressing, feminization, panty fetish, sissification, embarrassment/humiliation, masturbation, father/daughter, mother/son, and bi-sexuality. It is not intended to be a "Quick Read", but rather a shocking and detailed look at the way two kinky people find each other, the way their relationship blossoms and the experiences they enjoy and endure.
+++++++++++
"Thank you." I said to Patty, reaching out to gently run my hand up and down her arm, stroking her lovingly. She was still leaning against the car as we stood outside Fred and Wilma's store.
"For what?" She answered, as she stood up to move into an embrace with me.
"Well, for everything," I replied, reaching out to hold her hands in mine, "but mostly for proving to me I had a set of balls."
Patty looked at me weird. "Huh?" She said.
"For years," I began, "I've been deathly afraid to face the reality of my desires..... everything from wearing panties to exposing myself. I was so guarded; so unwilling to think there was someone who could accept these things about me. Patty, just meeting you and being with you -- I want you to know I feel much stronger now, more confident and incredibly happy. You're the reason I feel this way and I'll never forget that."
Patty slid her hands up my chest and I curled my arms around her and we embraced for a few minutes. There was no one around us -- the parking lot was completely empty and the only sounds we could hear were coming from the few cars on the street as they went by. The desolate surroundings made the beating of my heart seem loud and as Patty laid her head against my chest, I closed my eyes and simply enjoyed holding her.
"I can feel your heart beating." Patty said as she snuggled closer into me.
"I don't know when I've ever felt this content." I said. "Does that scare you?"
"No," Patty answered, "I feel it too, Paul. The scary part for me is that I don't want it to end."
I knew exactly what she meant. I didn't need to ask her to explain it or clarify it. I knew. I stood there holding her and it was like we were one being -- one entity - sharing a common consciousness. After another couple of minutes, I felt her move in my arms and I released my hug and leaned back to give her some room. Looking up at me, my A-Cup angel gave me the sweetest smile and asked, "Would you like to take my shirt off me?"
"Really?" I asked. "Right here?"
"Uh huh," Patty answered, nodding her head up and down, "Right here and right now."
So in one smooth motion, I reached down and pulled her shirt over her head and watched as she shook her hair free.
"I know you've been waiting patiently all day long to see my flat chest. I've been such a tease, too, haven't I?" Patty confessed. "Here you go," she said striking a pose, "Flatty Patty in the flesh. The no-tit girl!"
She was so beautiful standing there without her shirt on. She stood proudly, with her little boobs finally out for me to see in all their glory. They were perfect and matched my life long dream of a woman's chest. It was as if someone carefully took my order and then engineered her chest especially for me. It sounds ridiculous, but it's like they implanted golf balls in the skin underneath her nipples and sewed her back up. I looked at her for a long time, and during that time, I realized that Patty was my once-in-a-lifetime girl -- truly my A-Cup angel .
I stepped forward, reaching out to grasp her hands again. When our fingertips touched, I felt a surge deep inside my chest -- a 'thump-thump' emanating from my heart that seemed to take control of me. Still holding her hands, I lifted them around my neck and Patty automatically laced her fingers together while our lips moved closer and closer until they were barely touching.
Patty closed her eyes and parted her yielding lips waiting for me to kiss her, and I didn't disappoint my angel. Softly, I pressed my lips to hers and at the same time raised my hands to her breasts. Perfectly, just like some force of magnetism guided them, my hands arrived at the little tips of her brestlings. Carefully, as not to startle her, I held each of her breasts between my thumbs and first fingers and then as gently as I could, I explored her breasts, lightly squeezing and releasing around the small masses of breast tissue on her chest - trying to feel the extent of her boobs and where they stopped and started.
When our kiss ended, we separated enough for me to look down into Patty's sparkling eyes. She closed them and moaned, "Hmm, I love the way you're touching me."
Then, without opening her eyes, Patty said, "You know what you said before about how you thought no one would be able to accept you for the way you were, and how you felt confident and happy now because you'd met me?"
"I remember," I replied, "it's true."
"When you were saying that..... I mean, when you were speaking those words," she went on, "I was feeling the exact same thing about you."
"Oh, Patty..." I moaned.
She pulled me down to her and as we hugged, I turned my lips so I could kiss her neck. "Before tonight," she whispered as I cuddled into her, "I would have been ashamed to let a man see me with my shirt completely off. But, it's exactly like you said.... I feel like you want me just the way I am and that makes me feel confident and pretty, and Paul, I feel happy, too."
In response, I moved my fingers to her nipples and pinched them gently while I nibbled at her ear lobe. "It probably won't make sense to you," Patty continued, "but, letting someone look down my shirt is a lot different than letting someone see me bare-chested. I want you to look at my breasts, Paul, and I love the fact that you're so turned on by them. I've waited forever to feel this way." Patty moaned. "Daddy promised it would eventually happen."
There it was again.... another curious reference to her father. If I recalled correctly, she'd made a comment about her Dad keeping track of her panties, seeing her naked, and now, intimate things about her breasts. I wasn't troubled by any of it, especially because Patty reminded me earlier that my Mom had seen me naked, sucked me off, dressed me up and given me panties. I just thought it was curious, that's all, but I knew there was something more between her and her father. Maybe even a lot more.
I could wait no longer to kiss and suck her lovely breasts. Slowly, I bent my head down and sucked one of her breastbuds into my mouth and I made love to it with my tongue, slobbering all over her chest. After a few minutes, I switched over to her other breast and did the same thing. Remembering what Patty said about being able to cum with just nipple stimulation, I brought my hands back up to her tiny nipples and took them between my fingertips. Applying gradual and even pressure, I started to pinch, and then release her nips as I kissed all around her chest, up to her neck and then back down to each breast.
Not even thinking about what I was doing, I rose up and kissed Patty's lips as my fingers rolled her nipples between my fingertips. "Oooohhhh," Patty moaned, "that's really nice..... when you do it just like that."
Breaking the kiss, I nuzzled her neck and started to place little kisses behind her ear and all around her cheek. All the while, my fingers kept rolling her nipples very gently. For a second, I blew softly around her ear and traced it with my tongue. I could feel her melting into my arms and it felt so good to see her respond like this.
"Oh, God, Paul....." She moaned. "I'm almost there.... so close....... keep doing that."
Returning to her neck, I blew warm air down the back of her neck and I could feel goose bumps rising on her skin as I did. "Oh, oh, oh, oh......." Patty groaned. "Baby, I'm gonna cum now."
It was true, she could orgasm with just nipple stimulation and I was extremely proud of myself that I'd been able to make her cum that way. I reflected back to a girlfriend I once had that could never orgasm -- at all -- no matter what I did. I could lick her pussy for hours -- until I got lock jaw from doing it, and she'd never cum. But I just made Patty cum by simply touching her breasts and kissing her neck. Talk about an ego booster.
It was getting late, and I'd promised Patty's father I would get her home at a decent hour, so I suggested we better get going. "Is it still okay if I come over tomorrow morning?" Patty asked.
"I'm looking forward to it." I answered, as I opened the car door for her. I handed her the shirt and she took it from me and tossed it in the back seat of the car.
"Hey, want to take my skirt off me, too?" Patty asked.
"What?" I replied, taking another quick look around to see if there was anyone watching us, or any cars around.
"I was just thinking it might be fun to let you drive me home naked." Patty answered.
"Completely naked?" I asked.
"Unless there's another kind of naked." Patty laughed. "You DO want to see me naked, don't you, Paul?"
"That would be incredible." I answered, stepping up to her and putting my hands on her skirt. Patty turned slightly so I could easily reach the button and zipper on her jean skirt, and in just another second, I had her skirt undone and slid it down her legs.
Stepping out of her skirt, Patty stood before me in only her panties -- the same exact panties I was wearing. "I know you must have been frustrated in the store when I took my panties down and you weren't able to see anything, and then when I sneaked them back on, and you still hadn't been able to see, I could see the disappointment in your eyes. It was so sweet, Paul. But, I did all that because I wanted you to undress me the first time you saw me naked. That turns me on so much, Baby -- to be undressed by someone else.... I wanted you to do it."
So right there, standing next to my car in the parking lot of the store where Patty had just made me naked and let me live out my exhibitionist fantasy, I kneeled in front of her and put my hands on her hips. When I hooked my fingers into the waistband of her panties, she started to speak. "Maybe it's a sign," Patty said, "the first time I fully exposed myself to someone else, it was in that store right there -- with Fred and Wilma helping me. And now, almost five years later, it's the same place where I exposed you for the first time, and now you going to expose me again, right here in the same place where it began for me."
"You've got to tell me that story, sometime." I replied as I started to pull her panties down. "I want to hear everything about that, and all about Fred and Wilma and that Angie woman, too."
"I see!" Patty said excitedly as she stopped me from pulling her panties down. "You're interested in Angie, are you? She's a Domme, you know, Naughty Boy. "
"A dominatrix? Like in that S&M stuff?" I asked.
"Well, almost." Patty answered. "She actually specializes in cross-dressing, feminization, sissification, and punishment."
"Specializes?" I replied. "Isn't all that stuff pretty much the same?"
"She's been doing it for a long time." Patty said, giggling. "She's quite well known and respected...... and, no, those are all different, I can assure you. Even Fred's gone to her for training a few times. Maybe we should take her up on her offer and go out to her place sometime and look around. That is, if you're interested."
"Right now," I said, "the only thing I'm interested in is getting you out of these panties."
When I started to tug on her panties again, Patty smiled and said, "I've been out to Angie's place before, and it's very unusual. I think you'd like it."
As I pulled her panties down, I got to the point where there should be pubic hair, and there wasn't any. Not only that, but there wasn't even a hair follicle, nub or any trace of stubble at all. I figured she must shave or have herself waxed, but as I continued to pull her panties down, I also noticed there were no tan lines, either. I kept pulling and didn't see any flaws or imperfections at all. Not one thing except perfect, creamy skin.
I kept pulling, knowing any second now I was going to start to see the top of her vagina, but I didn't see that, either. Finally, as I was about to wonder where her pussy was, I saw the beginning of her slit and then pulled her panties away from her body and looked down inside them. What I saw was the most amazing thing -- she had the tiniest pussy lips I've ever seen.
I pulled her panties down to the top of her thighs and looked at her closely. "I'm pretty small down there, too, Paul. I'm small all over." Patty said, as I looked between her legs. "See?"
Patty spread her legs as much as she could with her panties at her thighs. I bent down lower and looked up between her legs to see her better. The light from the store wasn't that good, but I could make out her labia and she was right, she was small alright, the smallest I'd ever seen.
"I look like a little girl down there," Patty said, "except for one thing."
Patty asked me to pull her panties down and off, so I did. Then spreading her feet wider, she bent her knees a little and reached down with her hands to pull her pussy lips apart. There, at the top of her pussy, was the largest clitoris I'd ever seen. Okay, I've seen some pretty huge clits on the internet, but, with all the girls I'd dated, and all the clits I'd seen with my own eyes, none of them came close to the size of Patty's.
It poked out triumphantly with her lips pulled apart like they were. I couldn't see up past her inner lips because I couldn't wrench my head down that far, but I could see her clit remarkably well. It was easily as thick as my little finger and had to be at least a half inch long.
"God, you're so beautiful," I said to her as I looked up her body into her eyes, "I'd love to just have you lay back and....."
Just then, we saw car lights shining around the side of the store, coming our way. "Shit!" Patty exclaimed as she jumped in the car and closed the door. With her skirt and panties in my hand, I ran over to my side of the car, opened the door and jumped in, myself. Just as I got the car started and was pulling out, a security guard vehicle came around the corner on patrol, driving through the parking lot.
Laughing our heads off, I drove out to the main road and looked over at Patty. We were both laughing and I thought she might be uncomfortable in the car naked, but when I asked if she wanted me to reach into the back seat to get her shirt, she answered, "No, I don't mind riding around naked if you don't."
And I didn't.
As we drove, I stole looks at her when it was safe to do so, and when Patty saw that I was trying to see her pussy better, she twisted in her seat as best she could to let me see. "Do you shave down there?" I asked.
"No way!" Patty replied. "I had these special permanent hair removal treatments. That new kind.... with the lasers," she explained, "I'll never have hair down there again as long as I live."
"Damn!" I answered, "I love a hairless pussy."
"So, I'm batting a thousand so far?" Patty asked, laughing.
I told her that in all seriousness, there was nothing I didn't love about her. "Better be careful with the 'Love' word, Paul." Patty warned me. "Don't forget, I'm a girl and I pay attention to that kind of talk."
When we got about six blocks from her house, I asked if she wanted to start getting dressed. "I don't want to pull up in front of your house with you naked in the car on our first date." I said. "Your Dad will have my ass for that."
Reaching into the back seat, I handed Patty her shirt and skirt. Holding her panties up, I asked, "Can I keep these?"
"I'd love to let you have them," Patty replied, "but, if I come in without panties on, and Daddy finds out, I'll be in big, big trouble."
"But," she added, "I'll bring them to you tomorrow morning. I promise."
Finally, I pulled into her driveway and slowed down as I approached the huge gate. Patty reached into her purse and pulled out a clicker, pointed it at the gate, pushed a button and the gate slowly opened for me. Driving toward the house, I asked her what time she wanted to come over in the morning.
"Early." She replied, grinning. "As early as possible."
I asked her why, and with a straight face she said she wanted to catch me with my morning erection. "What makes you think I'll have a morning erection after the workout I've had today?" I asked.
"All guys get morning wood, Paul." Patty answered. "How about 9:00 AM?"
"Does that mean you'll take care of me if I'm hard?" I inquired.
"Well, duh!" Patty said. "What I'd really like is to wake you up and give you my special Sunday Morning Rise-And-Shine treatment."
"I could go for that." I said. "Hey, I'll give you the house key and you can let yourself in and surprise me. What do you think?"
As I pulled up in front of her house, I shut the car off and took the keys out of the ignition. "I can use the garage opener to get in through my kitchen tonight," I said, "you can have my front door key and let yourself in. I'll turn off the alarm and no one will know you're there until you jump on my bed."
"I don't know...." Patty replied, hesitantly. "It sounds like you're trying to get me on your turf so you can make me do things. You are a very Naughty Boy."
"No way," I laughed, "I'm a good boy..... you'll see. And, Patty, I'd never pressure you into anything. I hope you know that."
"I do, Paul." Patty said. "But, if I'm coming over there to see you, will you make me three promises tonight and swear to me you'll keep those promises? And I mean that seriously. Don't tell me you'll promise unless you mean it, Paul."
"What is it you want me to promise you?" I asked.
"I'll tell you as soon as you promise." Patty replied.
"You mean I have to promise before you'll tell me what I'm promising?" I answered. The look on her face was very mischievous. "Don't worry. I you can handle it." Patty said.
About then, she asked me to hit the trunk release and when I did, Patty got out of the car. Surprised she'd done that, I got out, too, and joined her as she leaned over into my trunk to get all the bags from our shopping trip. I bent in to help her gather them up, making sure I took the bag that had the panties she masturbated herself in, and then gave me as a present when we were in the coffee shop.
"First," Patty said as she pulled the bag containing her panties from my hand, "no cuming, no orgasms, wet dreams or any other type of ejaculation. That's starts right now and lasts until I make you cum tomorrow."
"What?" I asked. "Come on!" I complained.
"Second," she continued, "I want you to sleep in the bra and panties you have on right now. No changing clothes."
"Hmm." I replied.
"Third," she added, "I want you to be in your bed ready to go to sleep within ten minutes of the time you shut your car off."
I started to complain, but she pressed her fingers to my lips and simply said, "Give me your word you will do as I've asked."
I started to make excuses and tell her there was no way I could be in bed in ten minutes, but, she held up her hand and asked, "Please give me your word."
"Alright," I succumbed, "but does that include time to find and throw out all the panties I have from other girls? I asked.
"How about this," Patty answered, "you can keep anything that's yours and any piece of clothing that was your sister's or your mother's. That's all!" She looked at me sternly and continued, "I'll be hurt if I find another girl's panties in my guy's house, Paul."
"Walk me to the door, now," Patty added, "I'm sure Daddy's watching."
She made an obvious show of taking my hand in hers and together, we walked to her door. Standing there, she hugged me and told me what a wonderful day she had and how much she enjoyed it. Then reminding me of my three promises, said she'd give me forty five minutes to get home and then she'd call my cell phone to make sure I was in bed, saying, "That should give you plenty of time to throw those skanky panties out, go tinkle, brush your teeth, strip down to your lingerie and hop in bed."
Then, before I could say anything, she pulled me down to her and we kissed long and tenderly on her porch. When our kiss ended, she looked at her watch and said, "Better get going, Naughty Boy, your forty-five minutes just started."
I watched as she turned the door knob and bumped the door open with the bundle of bags she was carrying. Her house looked like it was dark inside, and as she turned and blew me a kiss, the door closed and I was left all alone on her front porch.
Then, realizing she was going to call in just forty five short minutes, I ran to my car, fired that puppy up and headed toward the gate. Thinking quickly, I started the timer on my watch so I would know when to expect her call. Once I was out on the road, I made a gamble and took the expressway home, hoping the traffic would be light this time of night and I could cut a good five minutes off the drive. The gamble paid off, and I pulled into my drive and hit the garage door remote with a good twenty some odd minutes left.
I was just about to pull into the garage and turn the car off when I got an excellent idea. If I left the car running in the driveway for a few minutes, I'd have more time to gather up my collection of panties.... probably ten years worth -- stolen or otherwise. It's a good thing she didn't ask me how many I had, but I was guessing I had at least enough to fill a kitchen garbage bag from three or four places where I kept them. Plus, I could pick up the house for a few minutes, and then go back and turn the car off and be in bed in the ten minutes I'd promised. I didn't see myself as being sneaky; I saw it as being 'Resourceful' and I had every intention of keeping those promises.
I left the car running and ran into the house. Immediately, I reached under the sink to get one of those tall kitchen garbage bags and raced up the stairs. In the bottom drawer of my dresser, I scooped up handfuls of the treasured panties I'd liberated from girlfriends, sisters of girlfriends, friends of my sister, neighbors -- all of it. There was a closet dresser where I kept everything from my sister and mother and I checked it carefully to make sure everything in there came from them. I picked up the bedroom as quick as I could, dashed into the guest bathroom to wipe it down with a towel, set out a stack of new towels and put on a new roll of toilet paper and then did the same to the master bathroom. Whew!
Racing back down the stairs, I picked up the kitchen and looked in the refrigerator to make sure I had something besides beer in there. Checking my watch, I had two minutes before I had to bring the car into the garage and shut it off, so I grabbed the trash bag of panties and took it out to the trash can. I pulled my car into the garage and turned the key off with exactly ten minutes left before she would call.
Feeling pretty good about the time, I washed my face, brushed my teeth and did the rest of the bathroom stuff. Having an absolute brainstorm while I was brushing my teeth, I ran downstairs and found a piece of paper and a pen. Then tracing a big heart on the paper, I wrote Patty's name in the middle of it and left it out on the counter where I knew she would see it when she came in.
Rushing back up the stairs, I turned off all the lights and ran into my bedroom. Checking my watch, I still had a full three minutes before Patty's call. I took off my shoes, socks, jeans and shirt and sat down on the bed and took a deep breath. I was ready and everything was done. As I started to lie back, I looked for my cell phone, and seeing it on top of my dresser, I jumped up to get it and then stretched out on the bed. The instant my head hit the pillow, my phone rang.
I flipped it open, and answered it by saying "This is the Love Line. You're on the air. Go ahead."
On the other end of the line, I could hear Patty giggling. "Are you in bed?" She asked.
"Of course." I replied.
"That's good." She answered. "Are your clothes off except for your bra and panties?"
"Just like I promised, Patty -- only bra and panties." I said.
"So, tell me how you're dressed again?" Patty asked.
"Just in the bra and panties." I repeated.
"No, Naughty Boy, you're in YOUR bra and panties." Patty corrected me. "Try it again and tell me how you're dressed."
"I'm in my bra and panties." I answered, much softer this time.
"Oh, that's such a turn on to hear you say." Patty cooed into the phone. "How did it feel to say it like that?"
I thought about it for a minute and told her it felt good. She asked me why, and I told her I'd never said those words before, but, it felt good..... it felt new and it felt honest. We talked about it for a while and she told me she would be pleased if I wore panties everyday, and even more pleased if I wore a bra everyday. She added that she wasn't going to ask me to do that, saying she knew it wasn't practical to expect me to wear a bra all the time, but she encouraged me to wear one when I could. We talked a long time about the stigma associated with men wearing bras and panties, and Patty told me not only did it turn her on, but she told me it was a sign of strength and courage to be willing to take a risk for your happiness. "Paul, you deserve to be happy like everyone else." She said. "If it makes you happy to wear panties, then do it. If you want to wear a bra, then do that, too."
We talked a long time about wearing some of my new bras and panties to work under my regular clothes, and she told me she'd bring the bags from our shopping trip over in the morning and she'd help me wash them, and said I could try them on with my work clothes to see what would look okay, and what wouldn't. "Since we got one for you and one for me of everything we bought, it might be fun if we wore the same panties each day." She suggested. "It really makes me happy that you can talk about it so easily with me," Patty added, "it means a lot to me and I wasn't kidding when I told you earlier that I love a guy in panties."
There was a long pause after she finished and I heard a low moan through the phone. "Are you okay?" I asked.
"Yes," she replied, "I just wanted to get more comfortable and change hands so I could play with myself while we talked."
I complained, telling her it wasn't fair that she could play with herself and I couldn't. "That's not what I said." She reminded me. "I said you couldn't cum. You gave me your word. Remember?"
"Oh, I thought you said no masturbating." I replied.
"No cuming, Paul. That's what I said." She answered. "You can play with yourself all you like, but, if you cum, that will mean you broke your promise and went back on your word. Even if I don't find out, it won't change the fact that you broke your promise."
"I'm not going to do it, then." I told her. "I don't have the willpower to stop right now."
"Why not?" Patty asked.
"Well, isn't it obvious?" I said. "I gave you my word I wouldn't cum. If I start jacking off, I'm going to be thinking about how much I miss you right now..... all about your panties and your cute little boobs..... I'm not going to be able to stop. Then I'll break my promise and I don't want to do that."
"Oh, that's so sweet, Paul." Patty moaned into the phone. "I won't forget what a good boy you're being tonight."
We talked for about an hour until the battery in my phone started to beep. I told her my phone was going to die soon and she told me she would see me before long, and reminded me of my promise not to cum. When we hung up, I reached over to my night stand, put my phone in the charger and lay back on the pillow and thought about her and the things we did all day. Sometime later, I must have fallen asleep.
Close to 5AM, my cell phone rang. After a few rings I reached over and answered it.
"Have you been thinking about me?" It was Patty.
"Hi," I said, trying to wake up, "do you know it's like 5AM?"
"Uh huh. I'm sorry." She said quietly. "I was just missing you a little. Do you mind?"
"I know what you mean," I said, "I've had an ongoing hard-on since about 2:30 this morning. I had a dream that was pretty crazy."
"Was it a nasty dream?" She inquired.
"That's an understatement." I replied.
"Are you going to tell me about it?" She asked.
"Oh, I don't know about that, Patty." I answered, snickering. "Maybe in six months or so if you haven't dumped me by then."
"Can you give me some hints about it?" She asked. "Was I in it? Someone Else? Oh! Maybe your Mom and me?"
"You and two others," I replied, "Fred and that Angie woman."
"Oh, that sounds like it might have been a really nasty dream." Patty giggled. "You sure you don't want to tell me about it."
"Yeah," I answered, "I'm sure. Like I said, maybe in six months. I might have enough guts by then." I said, laughing.
"Oh, you chicken." She said, playfully. Then Patty asked, "Were you missing me, too?"
"Only a lot." I replied.
"Well," she said, "tell me what you'd do if I was there."
"Let's see," I sighed, "well, I think I'd want you to lie on top of me. Just real quiet, you know, so I can feel you next to me. And you'd fall fast asleep, like a little baby, safe and sound in my arms."
"That's beautiful, Paul." She answered. "Are you reading that out of a book, or something?"
"Yes," I said, "It's the book of love."
"Remember what I said about the 'Love' word, Paul." She cautioned. "You can't just go around saying that kind of stuff. I warned you about that."
"I'm not just saying that." I answered.
"Paul...." She said softly. "Would you say that to me if I was there right now?"
"Maybe more." I answered. "I miss you pretty bad. I might say a lot of things."
"I'm here." Patty said almost in a whisper. "I'm in your kitchen."
"I wish." I said back to her, laughing.
"Seriously, I'm not kidding. I'm going to walk up your stairs now, up to your bedroom." I could barely hear Patty through the phone now. I sat up in my bed and my heart started to thump. After a second, I heard her voice, but it wasn't through the phone, saying, "Paul?"
She was there -- it was really her. I felt her sit on the bed and then she fell into my open arms. At first, she felt naked and my cock throbbed at the fact that she was on my bed with no clothes on. While we embraced, though, I ran my hands down her back and found she was wearing panties, but not the ruffle bridal panties she had on earlier -- not the kind I was still wearing.
"Scoot over," she whispered, and I did immediately. I felt her slide under the covers and she cuddled up against me. I was still astonished that she was here, and I had a ton of questions, but, I was so happy to see her all I could do was kiss her and hug her.
Finally, I asked her how long she'd been here. "About an hour," Patty said, "I came up and stood next to your bed and listened to you breathe for a while. I took my clothes off right here while you were sleeping." When I asked what she'd been doing for an hour, she told me it was a surprise and not to worry about it. When I started to ask her a lot of other questions, she kissed me and told me to be quiet. "You said you just wanted me to lie in your arms, remember?"
I felt her rise up and move my arm so she could lie on top of my chest. Instinctively, I wrapped my arm around her shoulder, hugging her to me as close as I could get her. Her hand brushed across my chest, lingering as she felt to make sure I was wearing my bra, and then she slid her hand down the side of my hips -- to see if I was still wearing the panties. "Good boy for wearing your bra and panties." Patty said quietly.
"Patty?" I said.
"Shhhhh." She answered. "Go to sleep."
We lay together, like that for about thirty minutes until Patty whispered softly, "Are you awake?"
Of course I was, and when I said so, she asked me why. "I was just enjoying holding you," I whispered back, "I didn't want to fall asleep and miss this."
"I can see we're not going to get any sleep like this." She replied. "Be quiet now, okay?" Don't say anything."
I felt her stir from where she was and then she rose up off of me. The next thing I felt was the sheet being pulled down to my feet and then her hands at the waistband of my panties. "Lift up a second." She said.
"Want me to take them off?" I replied.
"Shhhhh." She answered. "No talking. Just lift up a sec."
I lifted my butt up and Patty pulled my panties down to the top of my thighs. My torrid erection was straining by that time and when I felt her hand brush my cock, it jumped and I groaned.
"Shhhhh." She said, quietly. "If I feel you touch me or if I hear you speak one word, I'll stop. I mean it, so please keep quiet and keep still so I can do this for you."
The rest happened just like in a dream. Patty told me to raise my head up and when I did, she took my pillow, folded it in half and placed it back under my head. I couldn't see well at all, but I could see her shadowy figure climbing back on the bed. She threw one leg across my body, facing my feet, and hovered over me on her knees. Then she started to move backwards, toward my head.
Before long, her panty clad crotch was just inches from my face. It's not so much that I could see, but, I could sense the closeness and I could smell her. I really started to get excited now. My mind started to run away with the thought that she might sit back on my face and let me bury my nose and tongue into her. "Remember," Patty warned, as she looked back at me a final time, "no talking and no touching. You better just lay there like you're paralyzed."
I felt her inch her way back toward my face, a little bit at a time until her pantied crotch was slightly touching my nose. The height of my head was perfect now that she'd doubled my pillow and propped my head up. Slowly, she moved her hips and pressed back on me a little more. Her pussy came to rest just brushing my lips, but, my nose -- for lack of a better way to say it -- was without a doubt only a fraction of an inch from her rosebud.
In our short relationship, neither one of us ever brought up anything 'anal' and I didn't know how she felt about it. Personally, I enjoy it -- a little anal play can be fun when you observe a few common sense rules, but my experience with past girlfriends was that most wouldn't even let you touch them there. Some would let you look. Few would let you touch. Even fewer would let you put anything inside them back there and only one let me have free run of her.
After a minute or so, she shifted herself again but this time she seemed to get into a rhythm of rocking her pelvis and sliding everything -- her panty covered vagina to her panty covered ass across my face. Soon, she had positioned her knees and her midsection in such a manner so she could hover over me and rock her pelvis however she liked and no matter how she did it, everything between her legs brushed up against my nose and mouth.
I kept in mind her warning about no touching and talking, and I almost disobeyed both when I felt her lift my hardened cock and slip it into her mouth. I could never explain the erotic sensation of what she was doing to me -- other than to say it was completely mind blowing. She started tonguing the tip of my cock while she wiggled her pelvis against my face. Then she took me into her mouth very slowly and very deeply. She repeated a routine of stroking me, taking me deep in her mouth followed with some more jacking. It was a remarkable feeling.
I'd like to say this went on for half an hour, but, the honest truth is that she made me cum right away -- probably no more than a few minutes. I swear.... Patty knew all my buttons and I didn't know how she knew them, but she did and she pushed them so well. When I came, I'm not sure what she did, but it was unbelievable. I felt it building.... you know, that fifteen seconds before you explode when you know you can't stop it -- you're going to cum. Apparently, Patty could tell and an instant before I came, she took me all the way into her throat, deeper than any other woman has ever sucked me, and I let loose a stream of cum into her that was, I'm sure, immense.
I felt my cock convulse, held tightly in her warm, wet mouth -- just as luscious as any vagina I'd ever cum in, in fact, it felt better than most of the pussies I'd cum in. It struck me that Patty was very much in tune with all things sexual, including fetishes and how to make a man cum. I wondered why no man hadn't scarfed her up by now and made her his private angel.
After I came, Patty sat up quickly and coughed a couple of times, pressed her crotch down on my face lightly and she took a series of deep breaths. With her pantied pussy directly on my face, I took a deep breath myself, inhaling her womanly scent and then she lifted up, turned around and sat next to me on the bed.
"Maybe we'll get some sleep now." She said softly. "Here, lift up again for a second." I felt her tap my stomach and I lifted my ass off the bed. She didn't pull my panties up like I thought she was going to do, instead, she pulled them up to where they were just under my balls and softening cock and left them there, telling me, "I want you to keep those on while you sleep so you'll get used to wearing them for me, but, I want to be able to touch you, too, so we'll just leave them pulled down like that."
Then, Patty snuggled up next to me again and pulled the sheet up over us. Her face wasn't more than two or three inches away from mine and we kissed and rubbed our noses together like little kids in puppy love. Honestly, though, the way I felt at that exact moment.... it was love. I knew it. And the funny thing is that I knew she knew it, too. You can say what you want about love at first sight or first date -- or whatever. But, in my heart I knew it. This wasn't lust or infatuation; I was falling in love with Patty and I was damn happy about it.
I started to say something, but she pressed her lips to mine and then said, "Shhhhh. Time to sleep now, Baby. Turn over and let me lie behind you."
Somehow, I knew she was right. We both needed some sleep. At least I got a little before she called, but, she couldn't have gotten much at all since she said she'd been at my place since about 4AM. Considering the time I left her house and the hour or so we talked on the phone, maybe she didn't have any sleep at all. As I turned over, she moved up behind me and spooned against my body. Reaching across my hips and wrapping her hand around my spent cock, I felt her settle into the comfort of the bed and I closed my eyes, secure in the thought that my angel would be right here next to me when I woke up.
With Patty in the bed next to me, I finally fell asleep and slept soundly until I woke. Patty had turned over and was facing away from me now, still sleeping. I turned over and scooted in behind her, and just as she did, I scrunched against her body and spooned with my little love angel.
Of course, my 'Morning Wood' as Patty called it, throbbed against her butt, so I tried to lie still so I wouldn't disturb her. It was so nice to be with her like that, though - the sun was up outside and there was plenty of light in the room. Looking over her shoulder, I could see quite a mess on the floor of my bedroom. It's true, Patty must have undressed right by the bed when she came over early this morning because her clothes were there in a heap on the floor. Her purse, along with a small red bag where there, too.
I got quite melancholy as she slept next to me. I smelled her hair and put my head on the pillow so I could be as close to her as possible without touching her. It's funny how just the simplest things can bring you so much happiness and having her there in my bed made me feel good. All I wanted to do was hold her some more and feel her in my arms, but I forced myself to let the angel sleep.
After a while, though, my emotions got so churned up that I got frustrated with trying to let her sleep. So, finally deciding I couldn't stand it anymore, I draped my hand over her body and slipped it under the sheet and searched for one of her breastlings. Finding one, I cupped it and squeezed it gently. She finally stirred and I felt her hand cover mine and press it harder against her breast.
"Hmm," she moaned, "it's nice to wake up like this, isn't it?" Patty asked.
"I was just thinking the same thing. I think I could get used to this." I replied.
Patty rolled over and faced me. "Well, I'm not sure Daddy's going to let me do this on a regular basis." Patty answered. "He said he would this time because of my little surprise, but I don't think he's going to go for it all the time, Paul."
"Okay, I understand." I said. "Hey, what surprise?"
"If I told you it wouldn't be a surprise any more, would it?" She replied.
"Hmm, got it. I love surprises, though," I answered, "you being here so early this morning was a nice surprise."
"Did you enjoy the way I tucked you in last night?" She asked, giggling.
"Oh, yes, I did, very much. But I didn't think it was fair that I couldn't touch you or say anything." I replied.
"Poor baby," Patty teased me, "what would you have said if you could have talked?"
"Maybe that I loved you." I answered.
"Paul," Patty said, "We talked about the "L" word, remember?"
"Did you hear what I just said, Patty?" I asked, looking into her eyes. "I love you."
"I'll make Daddy hire someone to kick your ass if you're just teasing me." Patty replied.
Simply and clearly, I told her again, "I love you."
Tears started to well up in Patty's eyes and she rolled on top of me and started kissing me. Before long, she was crying and we were trying to kiss..... and between her tears and our spit, our faces were a complete slimy mess.
After a minute, she pulled back from the kiss and said, "I love you, too, Paul. I know it seems like it can't really happen that fast, but, I do.... I really do. And I felt it from you, especially when you kissed me goodnight last night. When I came through the door after that kiss, I think even Daddy knew. "
The next thirty minutes were filled with each of us saying it to the other, and a lot of hugging and kissing. There were lots of tears from Patty's eyes, but they were tears of joy and it was so moving to see the way our new love affected her.
"So," I finally said, "what do you say we get a shower and have some breakfast?" Continued in the next chapter.