Charlotte was a curious eighteen-year-old virgin, but even her curiosity couldn't have prepared her for what happened one Saturday afternoon.
The 5ft 3inch petite brunette was reluctantly taking her unwanted turn to do the house chores while her parents were out looking to buy a new car. Her twenty-one-year-old brother Joey was in his bedroom, very loudly gaming online with his friends.
With her air pods in, listening to music whilst carrying out her tasks, Charlotte realised some of her mother's underwear had accidentally gotten mixed up with hers, so naturally and innocently, the teenager went into her parent's bedroom to return the underwear for her mother. But when Charlotte went into the bedroom, she found something she didn't understand or recognise.
Wondering what on earth the half barrel-saddle thing was, with red leather, Charlotte went to investigate. She dragged it out from the corner and into the middle of her parents' bedroom, looking puzzled at it for a few moments.
"Sybian," she breathed the word written across the front in big white writing.
It had an attachment on top which rose six inches in the air with a rather large dome shaped end. The teenager knew it resembled the male penis. Coming out the front of the saddle was an electrical cable attached to a remote control with two dials on it.
"Is that a... a... dildo?" Charlotte reckoned it was and giggled.
She quickly figured out it was a sex machine designed to be ridden. With no experience of sexy toys whatsoever, the petite teen got down on her knees and straddled the machine with the dildo attachment sticking up in front of her.
"Wow, mum! I'm guessing this is yours or dad is a weirdo, right?" she giggled again, talking to herself. "So, how does this thing work exactly?"
Charlotte wrapped a curious hand around the real cock shaped phallus, stroking her hand up and down its length. The teenager became aroused as she imagined giving her first handjob to a guy. Fooling around with her mother's sex machine, she eventually noticed the tube of lubricant in the corner where she first saw the Sybian.
"Sorry, mum, but I have to." Charlotte closed her parents' bedroom door and grabbed the lube. She squirted some of into her hand and straddled the Sybian again, to continue practicing her hand job skills, wondering if her technique was good enough to make a real cock cum.
"Jeez, this is weird, Charlotte laughed, hoping her brother didn't come in and discover her experimenting.
The teenager's curiosity went further. She reached under her dress and pulled her panties aside, exposing her virgin vagina to the slippery, rubber cock. "Mmm, that actually feels quite nice," she moaned, rubbing herself against it. "But I still can't believe I'm doing this."
Having only ever used her fingers to explore her virgin sex, Charlotte was very nervous about putting the thing inside her body. But her inner walls were contracting and lubricating with anticipation. Her brain had already sent the message down the line to get ready.
If her ex-boyfriend had been more thoughtful, caring and romantic, instead of trying to take her virginity in the back of his car, then Charlotte would have already experienced the real thing. But as it was, she was still a virgin.
"You can do this, Charlotte," she quivered anxiously to herself.
The teenager pressed her hands down on the edge of the saddle, and with her arms locked at the elbows, she moved her hips back forth, slowly rubbing her slit along the tip of the rubber cock. She groaned and lowered her body a few centimeters, allowing the tip to part her labia.
"Ohhh, fuck. That feels nice."
Scared she might hurt herself and do some internal damage if she went too quickly, Charlotte delayed the inevitable and continued to rub and tease her wet slit along the rubber cock. Her labia became swollen and her need to feel it inside her soon overwhelmed her curiosity, and without giving it too much thought, the teenager slowly began to lower herself down onto the rubber cock.
"Ohhhhhh, fuuuuuck," she whined, as it stretched her pussy lips and began to penetrate her very tight opening. "Ohhhhh."
Charlotte continued moaning, nearing the point of no return as she slowly impaled herself. Her thighs and arms were tense and shaking, while her vaginal walls willed her to keep going. They'd been waiting for this moment for so long. Something thick they could wrap around instead of her skinny fingers.
After a few of the most nervous yet thrilling moments of her young life, the virgin was fully impaled on a six-inch cock. All be it a fake rubber cock, but a cock all the same.
"Oh my God," she gasped breathlessly. "I don't want to get off. I could sit on this thing all day. Ohhhhh."
Charlotte could feel every inch deep inside her. She could feel the bulbous rubber head and she thought it was the most wonderful feeling ever. Her vagina was full. Her innocence had been breached and she wondered why she'd waited so long and denied herself so much pleasure.
The remote control lay in front of her on the floor, but first the teenager needed to move herself. Charlotte sat up straight on her knees, resting her arms by her side. The slight adjustment in position seemed to allow the rubber cock deeper access inside her body.
"Ooooooo. Ooooooo... my God."
Charlotte didn't know what to do exactly, but her body did. It had her moving her hips backwards and forwards to slowly start fucking the rubber cock. She felt her young breasts becoming sensitive and her nipples began to ache. They wanted stimulation too.
Forgetting her brother was gaming in the next room, the teenager took hold of her dress and raised her it with her arms high in the air. In just a pink bra and with her pink panties pulled to the side, Charlotte dropped her dress onto the floor and reached round her back to unclasp her brasserie. Seconds later, her small, firm, B cup mounds were exposed.
"Ohhhhh, ohhhhh, I need to cum."
The teenager put her hands over her young breasts and began to knead them while she slowly rode the Sybian. She then played with her hard, sensitive nipples, groaning as her need to move faster increased. Her mind was telling her to keep it simple, but her body and pussy were telling her to get moving.
Charlotte was built for this. Her body was designed to cope with such things and enjoy the natural pleasures of deep penetration and becoming a woman. The teenager wondered if this meant she was no longer a virgin as she sped up the movements of her hips.
"Ohhh, ohhh, I'm having sex," she moaned to herself.
Charlotte then leaned forwards for the remote control and shrieked. The rubber cock managed to go even further inside, and the bulbous head created new sensations as it moved around inside her pussy. "Fuuuuuck."
Straightening up with the remote control in her hands, the teenager started turning those dials slowly and carefully, she had no idea what to expect. It was as daunting as it was exciting.
The rubber cock began to move, and Charlotte felt the gentle vibrations stimulating her entire reproductive system as it fucked her tight teenaged vagina. It excited unexplored places, but places it was purely designed to explore and pleasure.
Adjusting the dials a little further, the rubber cock began to rotate, touching Charlotte in all the right places. Her mind transported her to a world she'd never been to before, as the sex machine did things her fingers could never do.
The teenager's harmonic moans were recycled over and over as she let the rubber cock do all the work, and what a fine job it was doing, she thought.
"Oh my God. Ohhh, yeeees, ohhhh. Am I in heaven? Ohhhh, God, yeeees!"
Charlotte was oblivious to her parents pulling up onto the drive in their new car, as her orgasm began to form like a hurricane deep inside of her. Her nipples were hard and sensitive, and her young breasts were swollen and tender. The teenager continued to let the Sybian work its magic while her mother, Fiona, slotted the key into the front door and turned the lock.
Her father, Richard, stopped outside to talk a neighbour about the new car, but her mother was downstairs calling out to her children. With no reply, Fiona went in search of her offspring. Climbing the stairs and inspecting her daughters vacuuming, the mother shook her head at the loud violent video game coming from her son's bedroom.
"Charlotte?" Fiona called out, opening her daughter's bedroom door. "Hmm, she must have popped out," she assumed, heading along the landing towards her closed bedroom door. That's when she heard the loud vibrations along the floor.
Behind the door Charlotte's young pussy was going crazy on her mother's sex machine. She'd started riding the rubber cock with soft bounces as she held onto the edge of the saddle again. Her small breasts were wobbling, and her breathing was extremely laboured. The hurricane had gathered momentum, and the teenager wasn't the only one to recognise it about to make landfall.
Fiona opened her bedroom door and gasped, despite finding what she expected to find. No amount of intuition or knowledge could have prepared her for what she saw. Her daughter naked, riding her sex machine. Charlotte didn't even see or hear her mother come into the room until she closed the door and hissed at her.
"Charlotte! What the hell do you think you're doing? Stop that right now and put your clothes back on before your father catches you!" But Charlotte was lost in a world her mother knew all too well. Fiona knew the pleasures her teenaged daughter was experiencing.
"I can't stop, mum," she groaned. "I have to cu..."
Fiona began to panic. She opened the door slightly to peek out onto the landing. She kept guard while Charlotte rode the vibrating rubber cock. To stop her now would be like snatching a bottle of milk from a baby in the middle of its feed. All the mother could do was be a witness to the Sybian fucking her daughter.
"Oh my God! I'm gonna cum! Ohhhhh!"
"Jesus bloody Christ!" Fiona exclaimed, trying to keep one eye on her daughter and the other outside the bedroom.
The teenager looked at her mother. The two women glared at each other. Charlotte with a "I'm sorry but I need to cum" look written all over wanton face, and Fiona with a "hurry the fuck up and do it" look written all over her stressed face.
Mother and daughter couldn't help it, but they both became excited watching each other. Fiona's carnal desires betrayed her parental instincts, and she felt herself becoming aroused against her will while Charlotte was lost to the world getting fucked by the sex machine.
The more her mother watched her daughter, however, the more excited the teenager became, and the more intense that orgasmic hurricane turned. "I'm almost there!"
"For God's sake, Charlotte! You'll give your father a heart attack if he sees you like this!"
Fiona went over and picked up the remote control. "Hold on, Charlotte," she warned her daughter as she turned the dials higher.
"Ahhhhhhhhhh! Fuuuuuuuuuuck!"
Charlotte closed her eyes and gripped onto the saddle for dear life as the hurricane made landfall and exploded. The only devastation it wreaked havoc on was her mother's eyes and her teenaged pussy. The orgasm she experienced was mind-blowing. It had her bouncing on the Sybian while she clenched her thighs as tightly against the saddle.
"Ohhh, yes! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Charlotte sobbed.
Fiona was torn. Her pussy was soaking wet, and her nipples were as hard as her daughters. "You need to get off it, right now."
"Just a few more sec... onds," the teenager moaned as waves from her orgasm travelled throughout her young, inexperienced body.
"No!" Fiona snapped and turned the Sybian off.
The vibrations halted but the teenager's body was still shaking as she fell forwards off the saddle. She put her hands out to break her fall, coming to rest on the floor.
"Get up and go to your room, Charlotte. I mean it. If your father sees you, he'll think your drunk!"
"It feels like I'm drunk," Charlotte laughed, steadily rising to her feet.
Fiona picked up her daughter's bra and dress and dumped them in her arms. She then checked the coast was clear before marching Charlotte to her bedroom. "Get yourself back on an even keel. We'll talk about this later."
The teenager wasn't even embarrassed. She'd just lost her virginity to arguably the breasts sex toy ever invented. She knew she would be using it again soon. She couldn't wait.
After witnessing her daughters earth shattering climax on the Sybian, Fiona laid awake at night deciding how to approach the subject the following morning. The mother knew Charlotte would want to use her sex machine again. As she thought about what she saw earlier that day, Fiona again became aroused by it. With her husband sleeping beside her, the mother of two slipped a hand between her legs to feel the moistness seeping from her mature sex.
It was enough to make her close her eyes and visualise her daughter getting fucked by the Sybian. It was an inappropriate thought she knew she shouldn't be having, let alone touching herself over.
The fact Charlotte was unable to stop, not even embarrassed or ashamed she'd been caught, only flamed Fiona's lust even further. Opening her legs for better access, she rubbed her clit until she came over the mental image of her naked daughter riding the Sybian.
"Oh, Jesus," she sighed once she came. "Why did that turn me on?"
Fiona knew she would let her daughter borrow her sex machine. She also knew she'd be there to coach, guide and watch Charlotte in action.