I was more sauced than usual that evening, perhaps because I was aware that I had little time left that summer with Magda and I could use something to relax, given the stress of dealing with her determination to get her way. I had to fight my own natural desire to fuck her in her sweet pussy, which could have resulted in pregnancy by her old man, so she already had that traitor between my legs on her side. After all, no man with even the slightest degree of heterosexual impulse could avoid being attracted to my lovely daughter. It wasn't just her beauty, but her sensuality, her passion, her charm, and her vulnerability, balanced by her intelligence and her resolve. I also got the impression that I would get no help from Inga in fighting my urges where our daughter was concerned. More likely than not, she would approve.
Sure enough, as I walked into my own bedroom on my way to the master bathroom, I heard Magda on her cell phone in the vanity, speaking to her mother. She didn't even notice me there for a moment, I was sure, given her candor with Inga, though they were both speaking Danish.
The part that really caught my ear was quickly translated by my brain into English as, "Mother, he is just so...well, you remember what you told me. You said that I should go for it, that he was delicious and the best lover that you ever had. You were right, you know, Mother. But how to get him to do it? I so badly want to have my firstborn be his, not Bjorg's. Nothing against Bjorg, but Daddy is, well, you know, my sweet Daddy. He's a god to me. I live to love him, to make love to him, to kiss him and lie there in his arms. I don't want to live on my own. I want to stay with him for life. In essence, I want to be his wife as well as his daughter."
"No, Mother, I don't meant it like that. Jealousy is overrated. Sure, I feel some, but I know that it is much more enjoyable to share and be shared when it comes to love and lust. I agree, monogamy is overrated, Mother. Yes, Mother, I want to help you seduce Daddy. Why would I want to deny you that? For one thing, I know you, Mother. This is what you have always wanted, to share Daddy with me. You can't help it. Neither can I."
"Well, of course, I will enjoy sharing Bjorg with you, too, Mother! What does Frederik know or think of this, though?"
"He what? Mmmmm...Mother, that is so delicious, and to think that I never really found anything about Frederik sexy before, but that...him and Bjorg together. I bet that they must have been scared for a bit, until you...my God, you just started pushing your pussy into Bjorg's face while Frederik buggered him...that is so delicious! Then what happened? You did what? My God, that is really turning me on...the very image of you getting fucked by Frederik while he sucked Bjorg's cock!"
"He sucked Frederik's cum out of you? Mother, it is quite clear to me that somehow, we all have to get together."
"Permanently? Yes, that's exactly what I mean. Have some kind of poly arrangement for life. But how to get Daddy into it? I'd love to see Bjorg suck Daddy's cum out of both of us...Frederik's cum, too. Yes, and see him suck both men's cocks to get them ready to fuck us. Sure, I would fuck Frederik while you did it with Daddy, and then we could swap. Just please understand that with Daddy, it's love, not merely lust. God, that sounds so delicious to say...I am in love with my own father!
"So, wait, you love him that way, too? It was never just a fling to you? You should tell Daddy that, and soon. Don't let Daddy get away this time! Yes, yes, I know that you still want Frederik and Bjorg, too. All the more reason that we should have a sort of five-way marriage. Don't worry. I won't broach it until Daddy's resistance has broken down more. I still need to get him to knock me up, remember?"
I didn't say anything, just listened in fascination. Such devious plans going through my sweet Magda's mind. She wanted, indeed proposed a five-way marriage? I had heard of such things, to be sure. I wasn't born the night before. I was a mature, worldly, and sophisticated gentleman. I was a lawyer, for God's sake! I had seen it all. Still, to see what my lovely daughter intended for her parents...there was a touch of sentimentality to her here, not merely lust. She, like all people, whether it made sense or not, on an emotional level wanted her parents to be together. She just wanted me for herself as well...wanted an unconventional form of reunion.
That poor, sweet girl...there needed to be more women like her in this world, I thought. Then it would be a lot happier place. Then again, there also needed to be more women like Inga as well. Not many mothers would tell their daughters to pursue an incestuous relationship with their fathers. Inga and Magda were seemingly devoid of spite and malice, full of only love and lust. Just then, I decided to act as if I knew nothing and play along. I bet myself that Inga had done the same about Frederik and Bjorg until she could catch them in the act and surprise them by joining in.
Just then, I realized...if those two were bisexual, they might want to fuck me and have me fuck them? Could I do that part of the five-way? Well, I told myself, a mouth on my cock was still a mouth on my cock...the rest was negotiable along the line, though perhaps a stiff drink would steady my nerves enough to overcome any resistance to experimenting with such things. Besides, I strongly suspected that I would get to see some mother-daughter action, too. Something about both of my ladies, and yes, I still thought of Inga as mine on some level, hinted very much at bisexuality on their part and even mutual attraction, which frankly didn't surprise me. Both women were like Valkyries...lovely goddesses straight out of Norse mythology. I could easily picture Freya resembling them.
I was deep in such thought for a bit longer than I expected to be, so Magda caught me standing there and before I knew what she was about to do, she planted some very wet lips on my mouth. When I felt her tongue slide between my lips and encircle my own tongue, I couldn't help but return the kiss with a vengeance. I caressed my daughter's face in my hands as well, looking into her eyes as I noticed just how full they were of her love for me...those lovely blue orbs left no doubt of their affections for me...she was mine and I was hers, but unlike some women, she was happy to share her good fortune with others...and so was I.
"Daddy, were you eavesdropping?" Magda asked me, knowing from my facial expression and the way that I had been standing there that I was.
"Yes, sweetie, I think that you know that I was," I told her with a smile.
"Well, Mother...you heard it straight from Daddy's lips. He knows it all. No secrets between us, it seems. Do you want to speak to Daddy yourself? Sure, here he is," Magda asked her mother.
"Mother wants to speak to you, Daddy," she handed me the phone.
"Hello, again, Inga," I told her with a voice that gave away more than I meant to do.
"Robert, my love. So good to hear from you again. Thank you for taking such good care of our girl. You overheard some of this, but for the record, let me be clear...I love you. I always did. I never stopped loving you. I love you even more for being such a great father to our sweet Magda. Thank you for that, darling. So, as you can see...you don't have to reject her to have me again and vice versa. I don't want either of us to be left out of things...any of us. Magda and I agree that the five of us belong together. You, me, her...and my husband Frederik and his son Bjorg. A mixed family in so many ways, but such a lovely idea, don't you think?
"I'll be honest...I'm in love with all of you. Magda included. I want to make love to all of you. Sometimes, however, I want you to fuck me. Hard. Especially in the ass, while pulling my hair. I want all of us happy, Robert. We can do so much together. And before you reject the idea out of hand out of homophobia or whatever, I do hope that you can get it on with the other guys, too. Just as Magda and I can be lovers and Frederik and Bjorg can be lovers. Think of it this way...your balls will be drained so much and so often that you don't even have to masturbate," Inga pled her case.
"So...the five of us...exclusively?" I asked to be clear.
"Maybe, maybe not. That's negotiable for me. And for Magda, too, I think. Perhaps we should play that one by ear or see what you men decide. You know that fundamentally, in spite of what's happening, we are submissive girls at heart," Inga reminded me.
"Yeah, that's probably a worry for another day. We'll sort it out. But I am open to such a poly deal, if it's acceptable to all of us. There are some practical issues, though, like Magda's career and college, as well as where to live," I observed.
"Oh, Robert, let's not worry about Magda...she has no real ambition to be anything but Daddy's girl, anyway. That's what matters to her. Always has been. She's realized what mattered younger than I have. I wanted to be a star...now I just want to love the four of you and make all of you happy.
"Nothing wrong with women having dreams and drive...it's just that for me, I was in denial about what I really wanted all these years. I wanted to be an actress, sure, but I think that I really wanted you to practically kidnap me and make me stay with you. I think that was unreasonable of me to expect that when I didn't communicate such a wish and Western culture has taught men very well to respect a woman's stated wishes. Besides, it turned out very well for us. We have five people and we can all enjoy each other. If that's alright with you," Inga explained.
"Fine with me, if it's fine with Frederik and Bjorg, too," I smiled, while Magda showed her own take on it by kneeling to suck my cock.
"Oh, trust me, darling...they will be on their knees in front of you before you know it, just like I bet that Magda now is...and so will I. Maybe we can all gang up on you and take turns sucking your cock and getting it in our other holes as well," Inga assured me, "can you turn on the speaker part for me, dear?"
"Sure thing, babe," I laughed as I did so.
"Magda, sweetie, why don't you keep this phone on for a bit and fuck your old man where I can hear you. Robert, baby...please don't resist. Let our daughter serve you...fuck her for me. I want to listen as you fuck the hell out of our sweet Magda...in her pussy, dear," Inga pleaded with us...and Magda now gave me the same damned puppy dog eyes as she continued to suck my dick.
Damn them, I thought...oh, well, nothing for it. If Magda stayed with us, she wouldn't need any career other than what I can provide her in my firm. I could always find a secretarial position for her or something like that...and then I could be sure that her boss treated her well. I smiled at that thought, set her phone down on the nightstand so that Inga could hear well, and led my daughter to my bed so that her mother could hear me fuck the hell out of her.
First, however, I stripped Magda of every stitch of clothing and laid her out, spread-eagled, on the bed. Then I began lightly kissing my way from her toes upward, and I began licking as my mouth reached her ankles. When I reached her knees, she began growling as well as moaning, after which she screamed as if in agony when my lips and tongue arrived at her thighs. The closer I got to her mons Veneris, the more I could smell her arousal and hear atavistic noises escape my daughter's lips, just as I had with her mother. I could also hear Inga breathing hard over the speaker on the cell phone, clearly excited by what she knew was going on.
When my mouth actually began kissing Magda's clit and pussy, my tongue delving between her lips, my daughter became desperate and squeezed me with her thighs, her body shaking and her juices pouring onto my face. My tongue went even deeper as my fingers began caressing her bottom, enjoying the feel of her smooth skin on my hands...the sensuality of her sweet, young flesh. My tongue continued to invade her pussy, but now and then, I also sucked on her little clit and even swirled it around with my tongue, making her squirm and writhe with the effects of my attentions...my fingers teasing the outside of her asshole to solicit a response.
"Daddy...I can't hold back much longer. Your tongue...your lips...your fingers, Daddy!" she begged me, "Please...make me cum now. Mommy...Daddy is driving me wild!"
I took pity on my poor, sweet girl and sucked hard on her clit on one more time, this time tonguing it as well...combining the action to make her squeal and howl. She flooded my face as she creamed herself, having what seemed almost a fit as she nearly levitated above the bed. She jerked and covered my face with her juices, while my hands grabbed her buns to hold onto them and steady myself. When Magda collapsed, she surprised me in turn by turning around to kiss and lick her own cum off my face and lips.
"Oh...thank you, Daddy. But can you fuck me now, please?" she asked me impishly, "That was delicious, though. Mommy, ready to listen to Daddy pounding me hard?"
"Damn it, yes...fuck our daughter hard, please, Robert!" Inga urged me over the phone, not that I required much encouragement.
In fact, before I knew it, I had guided my cock inside my sweet Magda's delightful pussy. I took it slowly for a moment or two, letting her adapt, but I could quickly sense her impatience for me to go deeper, and before I knew it, her hips met mine with an eagerness that motivated me to go farther inside her...and harder. Pretty, my cock acted more like a sledgehammer, or so it felt, driving and slamming into my sexy Danish daughter, taking her sweet cherry twat and pounding it without any mercy at all.
Magda began really screaming out her pleasure as she came yet again, begging me for more and cussing harshly in Danish as well as English. She was like a possessed woman or a succubus, or at least it felt that way, but if she was a sex fiend, then she was my imp, and I was so excited and attracted to her right then...so in love with her, in fact. How could I not love a young woman who needed and desired me so much, especially if she was my own delightful Magda...my delicious minx of a daughter?
I soon found myself bottoming out inside my dear Magda, pounding and slamming her like a man controlled by forces beyond himself...a hunger and appetite to take her and ravage her that didn't seem paternal at all... A desire to own her, possess her...dominate her, in fact. I was an animal now, a man completely atavistic in his primal state of lust. In nearly no time, I was right there at the farthest end of her pussy...nearly at her womb, in fact. Her eyes rolled back into her head like something from the Exorcist or whatever and she scratched me several times across my back, the nearly demonic lust within her taking full control. She wanted me...and my seed.
I realized suddenly that despite my resolve not to give it to Magda, she was determined to have my spawn...my seed, my unborn living in her...and her mother wanted it for us, too. In fact, Inga kept egging her on, urging her to make me cum inside her daughter and pushing for Magda to welcome more of me within her cunt...and I wanted her to have it, too.
Now was the moment of truth. Realizing that I now wanted to knock Magda up, there was nothing for it but to exactly that. My cock plundered her hard again for a few more strokes, but now I let go entirely, spilling my load inside her...giving Magda the very thing that I had sworn to deny her, my procreative power...my spawn. If things went as she clearly hoped, she was about to give her father either a son or daughter and herself either a brother or sister.
When Magda felt my seed inside as I slumped at last, she let off one more powerful, primordial scream and I could hear her mother cumming as well. Clearly, Inga got off on knowing that I had just seeded her...our daughter after all...much to our shared delight...she was about to bear me a son or daughter and Inga, like me would be a grandmother as it were...not that there was anything about Inga that reminded one of a grandmother at all...