Lucky for her, her BF also loves exposing her naked body
APRIL FOOLS DAY CONTEST 2018
Here's another tale about our favorite Brits, Scott and Laura. You may know them from an earlier story "Dogging -- Flashing, English style". They are the perfect couple. She's an exhibitionist, and he enjoys showing her off. This is a story about how they got started. How they learned that they enjoyed this type of perversion.
Part of the story takes place in Magaluf, a Spanish city on an island in the Mediterranean. It's an inexpensive holiday destination that caters to Brits. It's known for its cheap booze, wild clubs, and raunchy/lewd behavior.
This story is entered in the April Fools contest. As such, it needs some surprises or a trick ending. Laura was certainly surprised when she learned her true nature. Her man is pleasantly surprised multiple times. Her friends are too never imagined that they would 'xxxx'.
I won't spoil the surprise telling you now. Enjoy! Of course, all people having sex or seeing body parts are over 18. r
^^^
"I'm a pervert," Laura confessed. The young woman with a pretty face and shiny, light brown hair looked distressed.
"What?" Amy exclaimed.
"I'm a sexual deviant," Laura said.
Claire, who had been adding milk to her tea, stopped and looked at her friend and asked, "What are you talking about?"
"I meet the clinical definition of a pervert. I discovered, by accident, that I'm an exhibitionist and I don't think I can stop."
Her friends stared at her. The three women, all primary school teachers in their twenties, were in Laura's new apartment. She and her boyfriend, Scott, had recently bought the flat. The women had returned from a Saturday afternoon shopping trip and were having a formal four o'clock tea complete with cucumber and smoked salmon sandwiches, scones, and cake.
They had been nibbling on the food, drinking tea, and talking when Laure dropped the bombshell. She said, "I borrowed this psychology book from the library." She reached for a large reference book that was on the coffee table, flipped it open to a page she'd marked, and read.
"Sexual deviance is culturally and historically specific. This concept refers to behaviors that involve individuals seeking erotic gratification through means that are considered odd, different, or unacceptable to either most or influential persons in one's community. Sexual deviance is a term that refers to behavior that has a sexual aspect to it and is considered a violation of either general societal norms or the expectations and/or limits of behavior for specific cultural settings. For example, rape or exhibitionism."
The faces of her friends showed that they were stunned. "What ... What have you done?" Claire asked.
"It started here. In this apartment. On this sofa," Laura said. "When we first moved in, all we had on the windows were cheap, see-through, polyester curtains that the previous owners had installed. We were making do with them while the custom fabric curtains and wooden blinds I had ordered were being made."
Amy laughed and said, "I hate sheers. They remind me of my grand's house."
Claire said. "They are vile."
Laura made a face showing her contempt for them too. She pointed to the large windows and said, "I know, but I was stuck with them. We have windows that face the main road. There's only six feet of grass between our place and the sidewalk. Without them, anyone walking or driving by can see straight into our living room. They afforded us some privacy.
"Scott thought the best layout for our living room was to have the couch face the front windows. I told him 'Great. We can sit here and watch everyone who goes by our house looking at us.'"
"Men are so dumb," Amy commented.
"I made him put the sofa perpendicular to the front door. It isn't the best use of space, but I need to feel that I can lounge on the couch and not worry that every Tom, Dick, and Harry passing by the apartment can see my knickers."
Claire said, "I'm confused. You kept the nasty sheers so strangers can't see in and you positioned the sofa so no one can look up your skirt. Aren't those things an exhibitionist wouldn't do?"
"Yes. You see I didn't know I was an exhibitionist until later. Let me tell you how I discovered that I am a pervert. A sexual deviant who gets off flashing my bits.
"One night soon after we moved in, Scott met me after work and we went out for drinks. Then, we came home and drank more. We started kissing and fooling around and daring each other to do silly things here in the living room.
"I made him take his pants and underwear off. His erection pointed to the ceiling. He had me walk around topless. We teased each other and said that the old couple who lived down the street would soon walk by and see his hard dick and my big, saggy boobs.
"One thing led to another. I sucked his cock and he sucked on my breasts. We got completely undressed while we fooled around. To increase the sense of danger and the potential of being seen, and because I had been drinking and I hated the cheap sheers, I ripped down the ones on the main front window. Now there wasn't any barrier that obscured a passerby's view into the apartment.
"We were drunk, reckless, and full of bravado. We got off saying that our neighbors coming home from work or out walking their dog would be treated to quite a sight if they glanced our way. We pranced about. My big tits are heavy. They spill down my chest and my nipples are even with my elbows. They swayed and bounced and I didn't care ... for a while. Then I got scared and said, 'Scott, we have to stop this.'
"He brought me to the couch, sat me down, and said, 'No one can see you here. The arm of the sofa blocks their view.' He knelt on the floor and began eating me out and pulling on my nipples. This distracted me. I became so turned on that I forgot about the window."
"Yeah. I know how that happens," Amy chimed in.
"Scott spread my legs wide. His fingers were inside me and his tongue was flicking back and forth across my clit. I grabbed his head and held it against my sex. I was close to orgasming and prayed that he wouldn't stop. My heart was pounding, my chest flushed red, my legs were shaking, and fluid was leaking out of my pussy faster than he could lap it up."
Her friends nodded. They were on the edge of their seats, leaning in, staring at her as they listened to her story. Truth be told, their nipples were hard and their pussies were damp. Claire was a small breasted woman. She had worn a silk blouse with a simple cotton camisole underneath. No bra. Her hard nipple dented the soft fabrics.
Laura glanced at the women. They were listening with rapt attention. She said, "As you can imagine, I'm out of it. My orgasm is building."
She paused and said, "Do you remember that I told you, one of the reasons we picked this place was because of the good transportation. We have a bus stop outside our door."
"No! It didn't happen!" Claire said fearing where the story was going.
"Yes," Laura said. "A double-decker bus stopped in front of our house. The people stepping off could see Scott on his knees with his head buried between my legs. The riders on the top deck had an angle that allowed them to see me naked on the couch. My fat, droopy boobs are out. They oozed off my chest and settled in my armpits. The second story passengers saw my sloppy tits and my red, saucer-like areolas.
"They see Scott eating my pussy. Scott is fascinated with my pussy."
"All men are," Claire stated.
"Yes. Men love our pussies, but Scott is captivated. He takes his exploration to another level. There are times, like this night, when one minute he's eating the hell out of my pussy and the next, he's giving me a going over more thorough than a gynecological exam."
"What do you mean?" Amy asked.
"He likes to open up my sex. He pulls my labia apart and peers in. He doesn't just look. He inspects my vulva, examines my vaginal canal, and he studies my anus. That was happening to me that night. Then he moved back to take it all in. My pussy is being held open, my legs were splayed, and he is staring at my vaj and anus when the bus pulled up. The upstairs riders don't just see me naked. I was defenseless and completely exposed. They saw both of my holes gaping and being probed by Scott's fingers."
"Oh, no!" Claire said. Her hand automatically flew up to cover her mouth.
"I screamed 'Scott, the bus! There's a bus outside!' The bastard knew. He'd heard the blasted thing pull up. He wouldn't stop. After showing them my asshole and cunt, he sucked my clit and fingered my pussy. I was stunned, horrified, and scared stiff. I couldn't move, not even to cover myself. He's working on me. My body was overwhelmed with feelings of pleasure and embarrassment. My brain short-circuited and I climaxed.
"Now, my mind is foggy. I'm lost in my own world. This is when he decided to stop. He moved back and the cheeky bastard again spreads my labia for the whole world to see me. I shave down there. They could see everything. Every flap and fold. Every detail of my vagina."
"He's a dirty bastard!" Claire spit out.
"I was spared no indignity. Not only could strangers see me, but I could see them! I saw their faces distinctly. Every scowl of disgust. Every creepy smile. Every lewd leer!
"Normally, when you look outside at night, it's dark and you don't see much. But a bus is lit up inside and has great big windows. When I came down from my high, I could see men and women in the top row of the bus. They were staring at my naked, exposed body. They had watched me spasm. They'd seen me cum and then, watched my body shiver in my post-orgasmic bliss.
"Then, came the worst part."
Claire was astonished, "What could be worst? Strangers saw every detail of your body. They saw you having sex and orgasming."
"That part was terrible, but I had had a tremendous orgasm. I realized that I had become more aroused, my pussy was wetter than it had been in my life, and it was because strangers saw me. I saw the looks of lust and disgust. The level of excitement that brought me embarrassed me and made me ashamed of myself. I felt their eyes on my soggy pussy, my puckered anus, my throbbing clit, and my heavy, floppy tits.
"I was embarrassed because they had seen my body. I was doubly embarrassed that I enjoyed being leered at. I almost came again as I imagined the riders coming into my living room. My pussy gushed as I pictured multiple pairs of hands groping me, fondling my body, and their fingers sliding inside my pussy, and inside my ass. I shuddered as I dreamed of them taking advantage of me."
A tear rolled out of Laura's eyes. The other women were emotional too. Laura's shoulders slumped. She looked defeated. Her friends came to her and hugged her in silence for a full five minutes.
Laura sniffled, wiped away her tears, smiled at her companions, and said, "Thanks."
Her mates nodded while wiping the remnants of tears from their cheeks. Laura cleared her throat and began again.
"I was naked and mortified. I had been viewed and scrutinized. Scott's in the room with me. He's kneeling in front of me with a big smile on his face and his rock hard erection pointing skyward. I became furious. I was upset with him for having put me on display and also disgusted with myself that I'd enjoyed it so much. I took my anger out on him. I kicked him in the nuts. He cried like a little girl and rolled on the floor holding his package. I ran into the bedroom and locked the door."
Amy said, "Wow!"
Claire said, "So your boyfriend is an arsehole. Why does that make you an exhibitionist? You had sex in your flat. You were careless because of the drinking, but your actions weren't like the creepy old man in the park who is naked under a raincoat and opens it to flash people. You didn't expose your body deliberately. Scott did."
Laura stood and said, "The story's not over. Amy, can you gather up the teacups and take them to the kitchen? Thanks. I'll get us a bottle of wine. I'll need it for the rest of the tale."
Amy cleared away the cups. Claire got wine glasses. Laura opened a bottle of her favorite red. She poured everyone a glass, took a deep draught and said, "So in June, a month after moving in here, Scott and I took a vacation to Magaluf."
"You mean 'Shagaluf'?" Amy asked and laughed.
"That place is wild," Claire agreed. "My mother won't go there. She says it's full of 'unsavory characters'. I had a blast. The drinks are cheap. The clubs are fun. My mates and I were drinking gin with our breakfasts!"
"Yes. We'd heard the stories," Laura said. "We weren't looking for a drunken bacchanalia. We needed to get away. Someplace warm, sunny, and cheap. Mainly cheap. Magaluf fit the bill.
"The morning we were flying out, I decided I needed another bathing suit. I only had one that fit well. I was afraid my big ass would split the fabric of my older, worn suit.
"There's a store on the way to the airport. I ran in and got a green bikini. It was cheap and cute. The bottom had wooden rings on the sides by the hips and the top had one ring connecting the cups of the halter top.
"For the first four days, we relaxed, drank, and sunbathed around the hotel pool. We went to the hotel's club at night. I danced like a maniac. It was fun. We'd heard the stories of drunken people on the strip getting into fights and having sex in public. We avoided that scene by staying in the safe, controlled environ of our hotel.
"On the fifth day, after lunch, we ventured out to the beach. The beach was nice but narrow and crowded. We found a spot near the waterline. We spread our towels. I lay on my back, used the beach bag as a pillow, and read my book. Scott went off to get a beer.
"When he returned, he sat cross-legged, drank his beer, and looked at the other women on the beach from behind his sunglasses."
"Men. They're all the same," Amy said and laughed.
"Yes. I let him have his fun. I stretched out and enjoyed the warmth of the sun and the smell of the salt air. My left leg was straight. I bent my right leg and it flopped off to the side at about a 45-degree angle. I was comfortable and read."
"I didn't notice because I was engrossed in my book, Scott told me this later. He said he had a weird feeling that he, we, were being watched. Of course, he was looking at the girls and everyone at the beach was checking everyone out, but he said it was more than the usual scan.
"He said it was creepy. People were walking by on the wet, hard packed sand and they'd slowed down when they came to us. He said there was a college kid lying on his stomach near us. He had his phone out. Scott thought he was taking pictures.
"There was also a group of lads, probably in their twenties. They were walking along checking out the women. They gave me a good look, laughed, and elbowed each other. Two minutes later, they came back. They walked slower this time and they had their phones out. They paused by us. Scott felt they were trying to be discreet, but that they were filming me.
"He wondered why. He said I looked good in my new, green bikini, but wondered why was I getting special attention. There were many young, attractive women around. Some wore skimpy bathing suits. Others were topless.
"Scott said that the guys lingered, but eventually moved on. The sun was making him hot. He turned to me and saw that I had fallen asleep. He left me resting and he went into the water to cool off. While he was there, he looked back at me and suddenly realized why I was being singled out.
"He said he could see my pussy. He could see up inside my bathing suit through one of the leg holes. He saw one of my labia and most of my slit. The cheap bathing suit I'd gotten didn't fit right in the crotch. I thought it wouldn't be a problem. It was loose and baggy. I bought it because I needed something and the next smaller size wouldn't accommodate my big butt.
"I would have been okay, he said, if I wasn't lying the way I was lying. I had one leg off to the side. The material had gathered, bunched up and had ballooned open so if you were in front of me and to my right, you could see inside my suit through the leg opening and see my shaved pussy!
"Scott said he stood in the water and stared at me. He realized the everyone walking past us had seen my pussy. No wonder he was getting strange looks!"
"Oh, my God!" Amy said. "How embarrassing."
"You poor dear," Claire said. "So Scott ran out of the water and told you?"
"No."
"No?" her friends said in unison.
"No. He said he got hard thinking about all the men who had seen my pussy."
"What a wanker!" Amy spat out.
"He said his dick throbbed as he imagined the dozens of guys who'd be masturbating to the image of my pussy on their phones or the memory in their minds."
"Pervert!" Claire barked.
"He said he had to stay in the water until his erection went down. Then, he came to me. He positioned himself so that he blocked people's view of my vagina while I slept."
"That was good," Amy said.
"Then, he got up and returned to the water."
Claire asked, "He didn't wake and tell you or at least cover you?"
"Nope. He left me exposed for another forty-five minutes. He estimates that all told, a hundred men saw or photographed my pussy that day before I woke, stood, and stretched. I saw Scott in the water and joined him there. He told me what had happened. I screamed and covered my face. I was embarrassed, ashamed, and horrified."
"I would have killed him," Amy said.
"Tell me you slapped the hell out of him!" Claire demanded.
"I was too embarrassed. I asked him to take me to the room. He wouldn't. He grabbed me and made me face the shore. He said 'Look at the guys. They're all looking at you. Lusting for you. See the smiles.'
"He was right. Many men were looking at me and smiling. I liked the way they were staring at me. You two are petite and gorgeous. Men are always drooling over you."
"You're pretty. You have nice brown hair and clear blue eyes," Claire said.
"I'm so jealous of your high cheekbones," Amy said.
"Thank you. You're being kind. I have a pretty face, but you're ignoring the obvious. I'm built like a Mack truck. I'm thick. Solid. A big, old, country girl."
Her friends looked at her kindly but said nothing. They couldn't argue with her description. Laura was stout with big tits, a thick waist, a large ass and sturdy thighs. She was the opposite of petite. She was built like an Amazon.
Laura gave her friends a pained look and said, "I'm the girl boys ignore. I don't get the attention you do. The smiles of the men on the beach made me feel good. Desired. Sexy. Special. Those are feelings I'm not used to.
"I told Scott to take me to our room. When we got back to the hotel, I jumped him as soon as the door closed. I was so bloody wet. I ripped his pants off, sucked him until he was hard, and mounted him. He went in quick and easy and I came fast and hard. My quaking pussy made Scott cum and he shot his wad in me.
"Afterward, we talked. I thought Scott would be disgusted with me for getting so turned on because a hundred blokes had seen my pussy. He was worried that I would be upset with him because he'd let people see me. We discovered that we were both perverts and we were okay with what the other had done.
"Wow!" Amy said.
"Double wow!" Claire said.
"Dinner that night was room service. We didn't want to dress or leave the room. We fucked three more times. Every time we discussed what had happened, we got so riled up we had to screw, and the orgasms were out of this world.
"We slept in the next day and had a nice, big brunch."
Amy asked, "Did you go to the beach?"
"You didn't do it again, did you?" Claire asked.
"Yes. We returned to the beach. I wore the same green bikini. We spread out our towels and put on sunscreen. I stretched out as before with my right knee bent and read my book. I tugged on my bikini bottom and made sure that the bikini ballooned open and that my pussy was on display. Scott went off to grab a beer.
"I lay in the sun hiding behind my sunglasses and watched a parade of men and women, paused, smile or smirk, and view me. I got very wet. Scott said he was in the water observing me and my admirers. He stayed in waist deep water to hide his erection."
"You slut," Amy said with a giggle.
"Slag," Claire teased.
"I am. I was. I loved it!"
Laura blushed red and asked, "Do you know what the best part was?"
Her fellow teachers shook their heads.
"The comments. Many people were caught by surprise and squealed, 'Oh!' or "My goodness' or 'What do we have here?' Others insulted me or made crude comments and I loved them. For some reason, probably because I'm a pervert, I enjoyed hearing them say, 'Whore', 'Tart', or 'Look at her ugly cunt'. A shiver of pleasure passed through my body when people disparaged me.
"A man around eighteen or nineteen asked his friend, 'Should we tell her that her suit has shifted and she's exposing her privates?' His friend laughed and said, 'She knows. It's a game. She wants us to see her cunt, but she's pretending it's an accident in case anyone complains.'
"The friend," Amy said. "He had it right, didn't he?"
Laura nodded. "The first two times people saw me, at the apartment and at the beach, were accidents. I learned that I like exposing myself. It turns me on. This time I purposely exposed myself and I only pretended it was an accident. My pussy got so wet.
"I lay there for a long time and, finally, I had to get some relief. I got up and ran to Scott. I took him out into deeper water where there weren't any swimmer. The water was up to my shoulders and I told him, 'You have to fuck me here. Now!'
"I grabbed his swimming trunks and pulled them down. I slide my suit to the side and said,'Stick it in me! My pussy aches! I'm so turned on by all the people seeing my pussy.' He was happy to oblige. We shagged as frantically as we could in the ocean. I came quickly as he pawed my breasts and twisted my nipples. He screamed and came soon after I did."
Laura finished her drink. She poured herself another glass and topped off her friends' glasses. She said, "I was a normal girl. I liked boys. I liked sex. But now that I've been exposing myself, I can't imagine stopping. My heart pounds. My knees get weak. My pussy gets sopping wet. Regular sex is boring in comparison. I have to keep doing it."
"It doesn't seem like you have to stop," Amy said. "From your description, Scott gets off on you showing your body as much as you do."
"Yes," Claire said. "This is your thing and he likes it too. Have fun. Be careful. Stay safe."
"We did get in a bit of trouble. You know how it is in Magaluf, everyone is drinking to excess. Especially the guys. We saw some bad things happen. Some awful, bloody fights. One night, we'd had a lovely dinner out and returned to our balcony to drink and view the stars."
Laura blushed. "That's not true. We were naked on our balcony. The night sky was clear. The stars were bright and the moon was a waning crescent. You could see by the moonlight, but it wasn't as bright as a full moon. We were outside having sex hoping someone would see us.
"Scott was standing and I was sitting on the chaise lounge sucking his dick. He has a nice cock. Long enough, thick enough, and rock hard."
"Mmmm," Claire moaned. "Just how I like them."
"Me too. Do you share?" Amy asked and giggled.
"No." Laura answered, Then she chuckled and added, "Well, not yet. We've talked about me having sex with the men who see me naked, but so far, it's all talk. We get ourselves worked up talking about my exhibitionism and possible sex with my voyeurs, then we fuck like rabbits.
"Now where was I? So I'm sucking his dick and he's caressing my breasts and stroking my hair when we hear guys shouting in anger. I get up. We look up and hear men arguing. They are two floors above us. From the cries of pain, I suspect they're fighting. Then, we see a guy standing on the railing and he jumps from one balcony to the next.
"Holy shit!" Amy said.
"Yes. He was on the fifth floor. If he'd fallen, he'd have died from the fall. He made it, turned, and taunted the guy he'd gotten away from. We heard him say, 'I fucked your girl and she said it was the best sex she'd ever had. Unlike you, I made her cum!' The other guy cursed him, threatened to kill him if he ever saw him again, and threw a beer bottle at him."
"Whoa!" Claire exclaimed.
"Some of the shards of glass fell on the balcony beside us. We heard a couple scream and they stood with their arms above their heads. We hadn't known they were there. Scott asked 'Are you okay? Did you get cut?'
"They stepped into the moonlight. I saw that they were naked. They checked themselves and each other over, turning around in the process. She was a cute redhead with small breasts, a tiny butt, and freckles everywhere. He was a nice looking guy. Well-built, except for his cock. His erection had length, but it was slim.
"As we were looking at them, they were looking at us. The girl blurted out, 'Damn that's a fat dick.' Then, she looked at me and said, 'Your tits are huge.' She had no inhibitions. She probably had been drinking. She asked, "What size are your boobs?' I answered, 'Double D'. Her boyfriend said, "Maebh, enough. You're embarrassing them.' She quickly said, 'If I had tits half her size, I'd be topless every day and if your cock was half as thick as his, I'd be the happiest girl in County Cork!'"
Amy and Claire burst out laughing. Laura joined in.
"We introduced ourselves. Kevin and Maebh were from Ireland. Kevin confessed, 'We've been drinking and came out on the balcony to have sex under the stars.' Maebh interrupted him and said,'We saw the two of you step out on your balcony nude and we've been watching you have sex. Sorry.'
"She grabbed Kevin's arm and said, 'We'll go inside and give you some privacy.' They stepped toward the sliding door. Scott said, 'Stay. If we didn't want anyone to see us, we'd have stay inside. Laura is an exhibitionist. She likes people to see her naked and I like to show her off. Please watch us and afterward, if you like, we'll watch you make love.'
Amy leaned forward and asked, "Did they?"
Laura nodded.
"Wow! You made love while another couple watch!" Claire said. "What was it like?"
"Exciting! Terrifying! Thrilling! Scary! Awesome! Scott made me suck his cock. Maebh ooh'd and aah'd more than Scott did. They watched us kiss and saw Scott's hands roamed my body. He played with my boobs, grabbed my ass, and fingered me. It was hot. Then, he took me from behind. He pounded his dick into me as if he was punishing me. I loved it. My tits were bouncing everywhere.
"They got so excited that Kevin started banging her from behind. Maebh and I were both bent over the lounge chairs and penetrated fast and hard doggie-style. We stared into each other's eyes as our men fucked us. She came shouting a stream of Celtic curses. Kevin pulled out and spanked his skinny wiener and shot his load on her back. I moaned loudly and came. Scott followed Kevin's lead. He pulled out, beat off, and shot ropes of cum on me."
Laura stopped speaking. A dreamy look came over her face. Amy and Claire were quiet out of respect for the feelings their friend was experiencing. They took massive gulps of wine.
"Sorry," Laura said. "I spaced out for a bit remembering."
"That good?" Amy asked and chuckled.
"Yes. My body was on fire. I've never cum harder."
"Maybe I need to try this exhibitionist thing," Claire said.
"Yes. Me too," Amy added.
"I can arrange that."
The women turned toward the sound and saw Scott descending the stairs. Laura blushed and said, "I didn't know you were home."
He laughed. "I guess not. You were very candid in your confession."
He joined them in the living room and said, "Our football game today was particularly messy. Last night's rain had made the pitch muddy. Instead of drinking with the boys, I came home to clean up. I'd just stepped out of the shower when you three breezed in. I stood naked in the hallway eavesdropping. Laura caught my attention when she said, 'I am a pervert'.
"I paused and thought, 'This might be interesting'. I grabbed some clothes and stood on the landing where I'd be out of sight. I dressed and listened. I'm glad I did. My good girl told a hell of a tale and I got a throbbing boner reliving our erotic, perverted adventures. Honestly, I nearly had to take matters in hand," Scott said and then laughed.
The women dropped their eyes to his groin and were not disappointed. They saw the outline of his erection in his pants.
Scott said, "Amy, Claire, you were turned on by Laura's sexcapades, weren't you?"
The young women didn't say anything. Their answers were written on their red faces.
"She loves being an exhibitionist. I'm sure you will too. Let's give it a try. We can make it work with what you have on. I'll take you to a bar across town. No one you know will see you. I'll buy you a drink and you three will hike your skirts, spread your legs, and show strangers your pretty pussies.
"I'm going into the kitchen to get my keys and wallet, when I come back I want to see three pairs of panties on the coffee table." Scott gave them a friendly smile and left the room.
The women all looked at each other. Laura stood, hiked up her dress, hooked her thumbs under the sides of her thong, and rolled it down her legs. She stepped out of them and put them on the table.
Amy said, "Claire, let's do it. As a lark."
Claire slid forward on the coach. She said, "I did say I need to try it. It sounds like fun." She lifted her ass off the sofa, tugged on her panties, and pulled them off. She dropped them on top of Laura's. Amy shimmied out of hers and tossed them on the table and giggled.
Scott had been watching them from the other room. He said to himself, "Great! They're doing it. I'm keeping their underwear and giving them a good sniff later." He rushed into the room before anyone changed their minds. He said, "All right. Into the car. Our adventure begins."
He drove them to a bar across town. He'd selected it because it had tables outside in a garden. The tables were scattered among the boxwood, specimen trees, and flowers. You could walk and smell the roses or sit and enjoy the view. It was a beautiful place, tranquil, and a perfect place to flash.
He smiled pleasantly at the black hostess and asked, "Can you seat us outside?"
"Not a problem," she responded with a toothy smile. "We aren't too busy yet."
She showed them to a table and asked, "Will this do?"
"Yes. Great. Thanks," Scott said. They sat. Their waitress came over and said, "Hello, what can I get you?"
Everyone gave her their drink order and then Scott said, "And bring us four shots of tequila."
The server raiser her eyebrow and said, "That'll get a party started."
"Exactly," Scott responded.
Amy and Claire were fidgeting, tugging at the skirts and tightly crossing their legs. Lauren laughed and said, "You're as nervous as a cat in a room full of rocking chairs. You're acting like this is the first time you've been out in public without your knickers."
Amy said, "It is. No bra, no problem. But I'm perched on this tall stool. My feet are off the ground. A strong breeze would lift my skirt and show my bits."
Lauren said, " You have more control over the situation than you think. For one, you can rest a hand on your lap to keep your skirt in place. Two, we aren't sitting at a table beside a glass window overlooking Trafalgar Square with thousands of men, women, and children walking by. Not to mention a dozen CCTV cameras."
Scott said, "This is a controlled environment. The paths in the garden will only allow a handful of people to approach you at a time. The layout of the garden and the plants restrict who can see you, and to prevent you from accidentally flashing someone you shouldn't, I'll be the lookout.
"I'll stand down the path and I'll eyeball everyone before they turn the corner and approached you. If I see a nun, a grandmother, or a family with kids heading your way, I'll whistle. That will be your signal to close your legs.
"We picked this place," Laura said, "because it is perfect for flashing. I'll demonstrate. Scott, take the girls down the path."
Scott helped Amy off her perch. She grimaced when she flashed her pussy as she dismounted. Claire slid off the lacquered chair and made a funny, embarrassing sound. She blushed and said, "That wasn't me. It was the chair!"
Everyone laughed. Scott took them down the path and around the bend. He asked, "Ready?"
"Ready!" Laura sang out.
The trio marched around the corner and saw Laura looking at her phone, she was perched on the chair with her legs spread wide enough that everyone knew she shaved and could see she her large, fat labia. Laura left herself exposed and then, pretended to notice them, and she chastely closed her legs.
"That wasn't too blatant, was it?" she asked.
"No," Amy said.
"You're a very good actor," Claire said. "That appeared to be an accidental beaver shot from a pre-occupied woman."
"Thank you. You want to have some deniability in case someone complains. Would you two like to practice?" She winked at Scott. She knew her boyfriend would get a thrill seeing her girlfriends' vaginas.
"Sure," Claire said.
Amy said, "That's probably a good idea."
Laura got up and gave Amy her chair and then held one for Claire. She said, "Scott, be our victim."
"He's going to see my pussy?" Claire said showing some concern.
"Is that a problem?" Laura asked.
"I guess not."
Amy teased, "After the first hundred guys, what's one more?"
Everyone burst out laughing. When she caught her breath, Claire said playfully, "Bitch. Remember, I know how many guys you've slept with and we all saw your tits when the ice bucket challenge knocked your top off."
"Yes. Stupid me," Amy said. "I went braless, wore a top with loose straps, and paid the price."
Scott went down the path. Claire and Amy got into the chairs which faced West. They spread their legs, exposed their cunts, and waited. They tried to appear distracted and unaware they were showing the goods.
Scott stepped around the corner and took in the view. He'd never seen their pussies. It gave him an erection. He stared at the vertical slits, smiled, moved his eyebrows up and down, and said, "Hubba. Hubba. You look hot. You're ready."
"Oh, my God!" Claire said. "I can't believe I'm sitting here with no panties on about to flash a stranger!"
"I know!" Amy gushed. "I'm excited and terrified at the same time."
"Yes," Laura said. She stood beside her friends and said, "I get such a thrill exposing myself. Dozens of men might see our pussies today. It's exhilarating, arousing, and a scary thought. It makes me feel so alive."
Scott whistled. Claire covered up. Amy didn't. She left her legs open and the waitress bringing their saw her shaved pussy. She didn't make a big deal over it. She placed the drinks on the table.
Scott had followed the server to the table. He said, "Please bring us another round of tequila."
"Coming right up," she responded.
He waited for the server to walk away and then, Scott raised his shot glass and said, "It's time for some liquid courage. To being brave, taking risks, and flashing what's between your legs!"
The women picked up their glasses, said "Cheers", and downed the fiery liquid.
Amy said, "I don't know if I can do this. I'm pretty sure I showed our waitress my vagina!"
Claire said, "Come on. We'll do it together."
"Does it have to be my pussy? Can't I work my way to that? Maybe I can start by showing them my butt?"
Laura knew from personal experience how nerve-wracking this could be. She said, "Amy, you can start slowly. How about this? Claire and I will sit on the chairs. You can be off to the side with your back to us leaning over smelling the flowers."
She walked her to the flower bed and said, "Keep your legs straight, bend at the hip, and your bum will be on display. Okay?"
"Yes. Thanks." Claire practiced the move.
Scott said, "Lean over further. We can only see the beginning of your bum."
"How's this?" she asked as she bowed more. Most of her butt was visible. Scott and Amy could see the crack of her ass and her pouty pussy lips too.
"Perfect!" Scott said grinning.
The waitress happened to return at that moment. She smiled and looked at the young woman's bare butt. She announced her presence by saying, "I have more tequila."
Amy stood up quickly. Her friends laughed. The waitress smiled knowingly, placed the drinks on the table, gathered the empty shot glasses, and sashayed away.
A red-faced Amy said, "I've definitely shown our waitress my vagina."
"Drink up," Scott told them. They all lifted their glasses. He said, "For Queen and Country!"
"For Queen and Country!" The women responded and they downed their drinks. All made faces. The alcohol burned as it went down.
"Let's do this, bitches," Laura said.
Everyone got into position. Laura and Claire sat across from each other at the high table. Their bodies faced the path and could quickly and easily expose their pussies to anyone rounding the path's curve. Amy was behind them. She was off to the side so all walkers could see her backside when she bent over pretending to admire the roses.
Scott positioned himself so he could see everyone who was approaching the trio of flashers. "Psst. Ready?" he asked. He raised two fingers and waved them about. The women nodded.
Two college-age guys rounded the corner carrying a pint. The taller one was talking. He said, "Chelsea won the Premier League last year and, I'm telling you, they . . . " He stopped mid-sentence when he saw the three women displaying themselves.
His buddy didn't see what he was seeing. He had been looking at his friend. He asked, "What? You're telling me what?"
"Whoa! Cool," the tall guy said. He smiled broadly, nudged his friend, and said, "Charles, have a look."
Charles turned toward the women. "Wow!" he said.
Both men stopped dead in their tracks and stared. They saw Amy flashing her behind as she was leaning over studying a flower. They saw tan lines across her plump butt. They also saw her brown asshole and a tight-lipped, puffy pussy.
Laura and Claire sat nonchalantly with their legs spread. Laura's pussy gaped and they saw pink in between her fat labia. Claire had a neat, clean vagina. The inner lips were completely concealed by the outer lips. Laure appeared to be engrossed by a message on her phone. Claire was staring off in the opposite direction of the guys. She was working on her hair. She ran her fingers through it, fluffed it and spent an inordinate time fixing her mane into a ponytail.
The whole time the woman played their charade, Scott and the visitors stood silently and ogled the girls. Then, as if by some signal, all the women looked at the two men and smiled. The men blushed. They'd been caught staring and they hurried away.
This scenario was played out again and again. Sometimes, the voyeurs were a couple, a busboy or once, a group of guys. The reactions were the same: astonishment and then, a smile.
The women got a great thrill exposing themselves. They enjoyed surprising women as well as the men that came their way. They did not lack for drinks. Many of their viewers sent drinks over. Word got around to all the staff. So many came their way, that the boss became curious as to why his people were not where they were supposed to be. He demanded answers and was told about the beautiful women showing their pussies.
"STOP! You must stop!" shouted a short man with a gray beard who ran toward Scott. The women heard the commotion and covered up. The assistant manager turned the corner. He stopped a couple of paces away and said, "You must leave. You can't put on a sex show here! This is a respectable establishment. Leave now or I will call the police."
Scott said, "Ladies, it is time for us to go." He grabbed a handful of banknotes and tossed them on the table to pay for their drinks. The women grabbed their bags and they quickly left the building. Scott shepherded them safely to the car.
As they drove away, the women laughed and gabbed about the adventure.
"Wow! That was more fun than I expected," Claire said.
Amy asked, "Laura, I'm so aroused. My whole body is tingling. Is this how it is every time you flash?"
"Yes. I get so excited, so horny, and I feel beautiful and desired. That's why I am an exhibitionist. Welcome to the club, ladies!"
"I want to do more," Claire said.
"It's getting dark. I could take you to one of our favorite dogging sites," Scott offered.
"I've heard about that. Could we?" Amy asked. "What about Kevin and Barry? Our boyfriends are expecting to take us to dinner."
"Let me give them a call," Scott said. "I'm certain they will pass up having dinner with you for the opportunity to see you dogging. I'll even throw in dinner. Is curry okay?"
Claire looked at Amy. The two women nodded. Claire said, "Make the call."
Scott found an Indian restaurant. They went in. Scott ordered chicken tikka masala, rogan josh, and malai kofta. While they waited for the curry dishes, Scott went outside and called the guys. To say that the other men were on board with the plan would be an understatement. Not only would they see their girl, naked in public, but they'd see two of her hot friends. It was an easy sell.
Scott returned to the table as the food was served. The spicy smell reminded him how hungry he was. He said, "We're on. The guys are thrilled about the change of plan. They will meet us there. The food looks great."
They dug in. Everyone ate heartily. The women shared a German Riesling. Scott drank a lager. Amy asked, "Is it dangerous? Do the men go crazy?"
"No," Laura assured her. "They gather around the car. Some couples have sex. I like to get undressed and have Scott display me. The guys cheer and make comments. That's the best part."
"I've heard the guys pull their dicks out and wank," Claire said.
Laura laughed and said, "Yes. You will see a lot of dicks!"
Scott offered a suggestion. He was trying to set up the scenario he wanted to see. He said, "I think it would be best if we stay together."
"Good idea," Amy said. Claire nodded as she chewed her food.
Scott smiled. In his mind, he was doing a fist pump and shouting "YES! I'll see then naked."
They finished their meal. Everyone used the facilities and then they headed out. The women chatted about normal things. Scott said to himself, "If anyone overheard this conversation, they'd never know that these three women were going dogging and soon would be naked for strangers!"
Scott drove into the park. There was a parking lot near the entrance for people who wanted to hike the trails and enjoy the quiet, forested land. "I see Barry and Kevin," Laura said. Scott parked near them. Amy and Claire were hesitant to get out.
Amy said, "What was I thinking? My boyfriend must think I'm the biggest slut ever".
Scott had expected they'd get cold feet. He and the guys had talked about. They were prepared. Barry opened the car door and said, "Amy, I'm so excited. This is a great idea."
Kevin opened the door for his girlfriend and said, "Claire, I love you so much. This going to be fun. I can't wait for other guys to see how beautiful you are."
"Really?" Claire asked.
"Babe, it hot and erotic. I've got a big boner just thinking about it."
Amy asked her man, "It's not too slutty?"
Barry said, "It's just a bit of fun. Thank you for doing this for me."
Scott seized the moment and said, "Let's get going." He got out of the car and so did everyone else.
"The action takes place in the woods," Scott explained. "There's a picnic area down the main path and off to the right. Let's give that a try. Guys, did you bring the stuff I asked for?"
"Yes," Barry said. "I have torches."
"I have masks," Kevin said."I brought sexy cat masks for our sexy women." He held them up so everyone could see them.
"That's a good idea," Laura said. The women rushed forward to see what he had.
Laura grabbed one, "I like this one. It's a replica of the mask Michelle Pfeiffer wore in "Batman Returns". It's kinky. I love the stitches."
"I like the one with the black lace ears, furry face, and whiskers," Amy said. She plucked it out of Kevin's hands.
One was left. He offered it to his girlfriend. "I had you in mind when I selected this one." He handed her a black leather mask. It was like the one Halle Berry wore as Catwoman."
"Cool. I like the ears," Claire said. She looked it over and slipped it on. The other women put their masks on.
Barry and Scott went to his car and got the torches. He also grabbed some towels. He said, "In case things get messy."
"That's likely," Scott said. The two of them laughed. When they returned to the group, Scott gave everyone a flashlight and said, "Follow me."
They walked along the main trail for about fifty yards. Then, they took a smaller trail that branched off to the right and followed the arrow on the signs that said, 'Picnic Area'. They could see fairly well with the flashlights and the moonlight. The sky was clear. The temperature comfortable for a nude excursion.
The path widened as the got to the picnic area. Scott began whistling loudly. Laura explained,"He's alerting those in the park that we're here and want an audience."
"Oh," Amy gushed.
Scott went to a table in the center of the clearing and said, "This one will do."
"Ladies, have a seat."
"Guys, whistle with me and swing your torches about. Let's let the locals know the shows about to begin."
The men made some noise and used the lights to signal their presence. People began to move in their direction. Some couples. Mostly men. They stayed a reasonable distance away not wanting to scare the potential exhibitionists.
Some of the voyeurs spoke. Their voices were calm and friendly. They said things like, "Hi!", "Love the masks", and "Aren't you three gorgeous." The nasty ones stayed quiet. They didn't want to scare the girls and kill the show.
Scott, Kevin, and Barry went to their dates and sat beside them. Scott said, "I love you." He kissed and groped Laura's large breasts. The other couples followed their lead and kissed. Barry grabbed Amy's fine ass. Kevin slipped his hand up under Claire's skirt and rubbed her pussy.
Comments rained down on them. "Showtime!" "Nice action," "Those tits are huge!" "Yes. Some women can feed a baby. She could feed a continent!" "Grab that booty," "Hey mate, could you flip that dress up so we can see her quim?"
After necking for a few minutes. Scott broke his kiss. He turned to the other couples and said, "Claire, Amy, are you ready to strip?"
The others stopped kissing. Scott and Laura didn't wait for a response. They stood. Laura faced the crowd. Her back was to Scott. He grabbed the zipper on her dress and pulled it down. She shrugged the garment off her shoulders. The dress slid down her body exposing her bra. She held it at her waist. Scott undid her bra and took it off. Laura let the dress fall to the ground and she stepped out of it. Then she stood tall and naked and faced the men.
"She's starkers!" "Look at them jubblies!" "There jugnormous." "Big, sad, saggy teats." "Behave. If she boob slaps you, your ass will be in the hospital." "I love a bare beaver. Thanks for shaving." "Look at the thick pussy lips on that one. Bet she could crack a few walnuts with 'em." "That's a stout lass." "The perfect woman: thick thighs, big ass, and huge tits. This one could plow a field all day and you could plow her all night long."
Barry helped Amy out of her dress and bra. The shorter girl with the dyed blond hair was fit and curvy. Her body showed that she was a regular in the gym. She stood proudly. She had a nice pair of tits, not the huge, saggy, massive boobs Laura had. She had plump, full boobs with small, perky nipples.
"Sweet ladybumps!" "Can I be your a handbra?" "Can I snuggle up to your love pillows?" "Nice knockers!"
Amy had a thin, vertical strip of dark pubic hair above her clit.
"Fine fanny on this one. The big woman's snapper looks like it could bite your cock off." "Lovely pussy. It comes with an exclamation point." "That's a piss hole worth seeing." "A brilliant bum!"
Claire was the last to undress. Kevin was nervous and excited. He had trouble unhooked her bra because he was stealing glances at the nude women. He couldn't help himself. They were friends of his girl. He had seen them often, wondered about their bodies, and now, he had the chance to check them out.
Claire got the last of her clothes off. She gave them to Barry and revealed her petite body to the cheering men. Her breasts were modest. Her nipples hardened quickly.
"Nice ones, luv." "Nipples like a Hershey kiss." "Your boobs look great. Tittilicious!" "Lovely jigglypuffs!"
She, like Laura, was completely shaved. A portion of her inner lips protruded past her outer lips. She had a slimmer body than her friends.
"Cute quim. It's like a tulip about to bloom." "Not as curvy as the others, but I wouldn't kick her out of bed." "A pretty lass." "Girl, come back when you grow tits." "Shut up, you fat, old man. She's a beautiful, petite woman."
Someone shouted, "I can't see because of the crowd. Could the women climb up on the table?"
The women loved being exposed. They loved the comments. They didn't mind giving them a better look. Scott helped Laura climb on top of the picnic table. Amy lost her balance as she scampered up the wooden structure. Barry was staring at Laura and didn't notice. Scott had been staring at Amy. He came to her aid. He caught her and steadied her by putting a hand on her ass and the other on her right boob. The flesh was soft. He had to squeeze it to get a good enough grip to prevent her from falling.
"Thanks," Amy said. "I almost went ass over teakettle." She regained her balance and looked at his hand on her breasts and said, "You can let go of my boob and ass now." She teased him and added, "You cheeky bastard, I can't believe you copped a feel in front of your wife."
"Ahh. Ahh," he stammered.
"Don't worry, Claire," Laura said. "I'll make him pay. When we get home, he'll have to give me a severe tongue lashing!"
Everyone laughed at her oral sex joke.
Claire scaled the table as sure-footed as a mountain goat. She beamed as she looked out at the crowd of admirers. Most of the men had unzipped their pants, gotten their pricks out, and were stroking them. The women looked around in amazement and felt like the audience was giving them the biggest compliment possible by beating off while staring at their naked bodies.
One of the men did a fair imitation of a young Oliver Twist and adapted his famous quote saying, "Please, Ma'am, I want some more." That got all the men to chant, "More! More! More!"
"What more can I do?" Laura asked. "I'm bare ass naked!"
"Bend over," the cheeky bastard answered.
Laura huddled with Amy and Claire. She asked, "Are you having fun?"
"What an adrenaline rush!" Amy said.
"I'm loving this," Claire said.
"Should we moon them and show them our pussies"
"Let's do it!" Claire said.
Amy shouted, "Absolutely!"
"Okay," Laura said. "Let's all line up with our backs to them and bend over."
Claire laughed and said, "They will be all up in our works."
"Yes," Laura said. "It will be dirty and nasty. I'm getting wet just thinking about it. Come on let's do it. On the count of three."
While the women were talking, their men joined the crowd and awaited the show. They had torches like most of the throng and they shined them on the naked females.
The woman faced the crowd. Laura lifted her pendulous breasts and then let them drop and jiggle. The men cheered at the sight. She announced, "We will do it for you!"
The men cheered heartily. One shouted, "Bend over. Show us your asses!"
The women turned away from the crowd. Amy and Claire wiggled their hips and shook their bums to tease the mob. Laura started the countdown. "One. Two. Three!"
They all bent over. Amy grabbed her ankles. The flashlights focused on their butts and the throng erupted, hooting and hollering. Amy had the best ass. Round and firm. Claire's was cute. Small and flat. Laura's ass was as massive as her tits and as thick and stout as her waist and thighs.
They held the position and exposed their bums, anus, and shaved vaginas.
"The men shouted comments. "Oh, my God! It's like I died and went to heaven." "That's a cracking ass!" "Awesome." "Many thanks." "The tall one's butt (Laura) is huge! I love it!" "Horses for courses (to each his own), you can have the beast, I'll take the petite one (Claire). That one promises a snug fit." "What's the story mate? Do you have a small cock? The blond (Amy) has a perfect arse!"
Laura loved the comments. Especially, the rude ones. She reached back and grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them. This causes her anus and pussy to gape. The crowd noticed, oohed and aahed, shouted out comments.
"Fuck me. I see pink!" "I see brown." "Hold it, darling. I'm about to blow. Ahhh."
A middle-aged man stepped forward. His hand was a blur and then, his cock erupted. His jism shot out and landed on the seat of the picnic table. Two younger men came to the table, ogled the women's pussies, released an orgasmic cry, and climaxed. One's sperm dribbled out his pee hole. The other guy's cum flew out long and strong. He managed to spray all three school teachers on their feet.
"Eek!" They screamed as if they'd seen a mouse. They climbed off the table on the side opposite of the mob. Their men, carrying their clothes, came to them.
"Show's over. The show is over!" Scott shouted.
The crowd accepted his announcement. They stayed away as the women hurriedly dress, sans bras. They used the towel to wipe the cum off their feet and ankles. Then their men escorted them back to the parking lot. They gathered around the cars.
"That was wild, fun, and intense," Laura said.
"I've never felt more alive!" Amy said.
Claire said, "Yes. My heart was pounding. I felt like electricity was flowing through my veins."
Barry said, "That was hot."
"What's next?" Scott asked.
"You guys take us home and shag us good!" Laura said.
"You, mister, are serving me," Amy said. She reached over and rubbed Barry's hard cock through his pants.
"Ditto for me," Claire said. She gave Kevin a tight hug and a hard kiss on his lips.
Everyone laughed. Amy asked, "Laura, I'm so aroused. My whole body is tingling."
"Me too," Laura said. "I get so excited, and I feel so beautiful and desired. That's why I am an exhibitionist."
"Please let me into the club!" Amy said. "I had more fun than I ever imagined."
"Call me a pervert. I'm exhibitionist now. When can we do it again?" Claire asked.
The End