I am at work and can't get to the airport. Your flight from LA arrives soon and I have sent a stretch limo around to meet you. You get off the plane and notice the sign with your last name being held at baggage claim. When I said that someone would meet you this is not what was expected. To be honest this whole weekend was like nothing you ever expected.
The big, long, black, stretch limo is waiting for your pleasure. The driver opens the door and takes your bags as you hop in. There are flowers and a bottle of champagne waiting in the back of the car. "I hope you don't mind but I was told to have the bottle opened for you." You pour yourself a drink and settle in to the plush interior of the Lincoln. At 5' 2" there is more than enough room to stretch out in the back of the car. Thinking on the past year you are amazed at how this all began and where you are now.
As the car speeds along and the drinks are flowing you wish I was there. Thinking of how much you love to have my cock in your mouth your nipples stiffen at this thought. Your hand brushes your erect nubs of delight and this causes your pussy to moisten. "Fuck I wish he was here in this big back seat." Your eyes close and you think of me with you there. You fantasize of me with you in the limo and know what you would do. . .
We kiss passionately, making up for the weeks apart, I run my hands all over your body. Caressing your back and shoulders you do the same. Moving your hands around your palm falls to my lap and you feel it. You feel my big cock growing down my right thigh under the jeans. "Oh fuck it is so big and hard, is that all for me?" It is almost a question but I know you are reminding yourself of the thought you had when my cock made its first appearance to your inquisitive eyes.
As you reach my lap my cock has grown down my leg. You fondle the bulge beneath the denim and your pussy glistens with moisture as you begin to think about putting your mouth all over the shaft of the penis. I lean back and slide my hips forward giving you full access to my straining crotch. As the zipper slides open you reach down my leg and grasp my throbbing shaft. My cock has reached its full 8" and it is a challange to get it out in the open. Once released you hold the base and squeeze, this makes my cock throb with blood and it looks obscene how large the head has become. Running your tongue up the underside of the shaft your pussy flows openly with your arousal. The anticipation of what you are about to do gets you so wet your panties are now drenched. You can't resist and slide a finger down your waist into your dripping snatch. As your fingers get covered in your moistness you take your hand out and use it to coat my cock. As my cock now glistens you plunge your mouth over the head and take me fully in you to your throat causing you to gag a little. The taste of my pre-cum and your pussy juice causes you to shudder at the thought of the two of us combining our love liquid, more of which is to come. Your mouth suctions up and down my shaft taking time to circle the bulging head with your tongue before taking me fully in your mouth again. The combined action of this and your stroking of my exposed cock that is lubricated by your saliva has me teetering on the edge of orgasm.
You take the hard cock out of your mouth and push it to my stomach as you lick down the underside of my rod travelling down to my perineum. Your tongue licks around this area below my balls and then gives a quick flick to my ass. You move back up and take my scrotum into your mouth and suck on each fluid filled ball. You continue to jerk and stroke my cock this whole time and roll my balls in your suckling mouth. As my pre-cum keeps oozing out of the head of my cock I tell you I am not going to last much longer. Not wanting to miss an ounce of this pent up load you leave my balls as they tighten up anticipating the sperm release into your waiting mouth. Placing my cockhead back in your mouth it throbs with pleasure as you slide it deep into the back of your throat. Once there I can't stand the sensation anymore and roar out with an explosive load that you feel pulsing into your waiting mouth. The cum is filling you up and you have to slide your mouth back and make room for my seed. As it continues to shoot there is so much cum it escapes your mouth and drips down onto your painfully erect nipples. You rub this in and tweek your hard nub causing your pussy to shudder in orgasm as you imagine swallowing down my load.
Leaning back into the seat you finally come to your senses and realize where you are. As your eyes open from the dream you look down and your skirt is pushed aside as your fingers are glistening with your moistness having been buried inside you. The other hand is still pulling on your erect nipple exposed to view. Looking forward you just see the divider window rolling back up and see a smile on the drivers face as he throws you a knowledgeable wink. The thought that he witnessed this whole incident at first shocks you then that slowly turns to arousal as you think it must be difficult to drive with a hard on.
You pour another glass of champagne and start to think maybe you should help him take care of this situation. This new fantasy causes you to part your legs and continue playing with your wet lips and sensitive nipples while driving to the hotel. At this point the weekend looks quite promising and you can't wait to see what will happen next.