Lightly on her feet, she made her way towards the open door of her boyfriends gameroom. Inside, she heard the clacking of his mechanical keyboard and his voice, throwing insults and profanities at the game.
"Baby?" She called to him as she entered this room, "Are you nearly done with your game for today?"
He turned back to look at her quickly, before facing the screen again, his hands never leaving the controls, "Uh, no not really. I'll be on for a while, I'm playing with the boys."
"Oh..." She stood silently as he went straight back to talking to his friends through the headset, "Do you want any snacks or drinks."
"Get me an iced coffee out the fridge and something sweet to snack on," Her brows furrowed at his lack of manners, her bottom lip jutting out as she let out a quiet, "Okay." Before walking into the kitchen to retrieve his refreshments.
She grabbed his iced coffee and a plate of cookies she had iced a few hours earlier. She then brought them into him and stood for a moment just holding them, before he pointed to a free space on his desk, "Here."
She frowned, "You're welcome."
Letting out a sigh she left the room and sat on the couch, really needing attention. She pulled out her phone and messaged him.
" Are you sure you'll be playing with the boys much longer? Don't you want to play with me for a bit 😘 "
Receiving no response and no read receipt she almost gave up.
Until she decided she'd play with him instead. She walked quietly to the room and embraced him from behind, her hands gingerly sliding over his chest.
She kissed him on the cheek, and without much care he distractedly kissed the air in her direction. Eyes glued to his monitor.
Seeing her big fluffy dog bed under the desk she chose to crawl into it and rest her chin on his thigh. He glanced down at her quickly before looking back up, "Careful, careful- behind you! Ah shit, all good man I got you."
She smiled evilly, getting up onto her knees and walking her fingers up his lap.
Her soft hands grazed over his clothed crotch. She began rubbing, licking, kissing and mouthing at him through his pants. His eyes widened and brows raised as he gave her a shocked look.
That didn't stop her at all, she pulled the waistband down to let his now semi-hard cock fall out.
This time it was a disapproving warning look, brows furrowed accompanied by a short shake of the head. His eyes dark with something, but she couldn't quite tell what.
"Yeah yeah, I'm here man, sorry. What about the-" She licked his tip and he gave a sharp inhale as she cut him off midsentence. "The uhhh... How about if we go over, over there?"
One hand started stroking his cock while her mouth worked wonders on his balls. She licked and sucked at one testicle, her free hand fondling the other, before switching roles.
She looked up at him with devilish eyes and a cheeky smile, he wedged his tongue between his molars to quiet his heaving breath.
Raising herself higher on her knees in the dog bed under his desk, she dropped spit on the tip of his cock, stroking and twisting with her hand to entirely coat it.
He tensed his body when she took as much of his length in her mouth as she could. Slowly bobbing her head over the 4 or so inches she could take, she let her hand continue twisting the length of the other 3 inches of the base.
"Oi, I need you to revive me I'm down. Yeah, yeah. I got 30 seconds, come on." He took one hand of the keyboard, leaving other close to the mouse. His now free hand entangled in her hair as he followed her movement, adding only the slightest bit of force. He raised the mic from his headset out of the way.
Barely audible, he whispered to the beautiful slut beneath him, "What are you doing girl? Oh god, you know I'm gonna have to punish you later for being so needy and impatient."
She nodded, her big doe eyes fixed on his Adams apple as he threw his head back. She loved seeing the effect she had on him.
Quickly his head flew back, eyes shot open, mic was pulled down and his hands raced back to their respective places, "Yep, I got it. Thanks, bud. Where are the others?"
She sped up and started silently gagging herself, taking in more than she could. He looked down at her with a primal glare, demanding she stops.
His hips bucked into her and he relished the wet gagging sounds it made as it hit the back of her throat.
The gameplay continued but his focus was elsewhere, his friends beginning to get frustrated, "Yo what's up with you, pick up your game man."
"Yeah, yeah, got it. I'm with you guys," it was getting more difficult to stifle his breathing. And with her delicious sounds it was almost inevitable when one of his friends questioned.
"What the fuck is that sound dude? Are you fuckin wanking?," The others started laughing and he ripped off his headset, his hands on her head, fingers running through her hair as he fucked her mouth, eyes shut tight and head back. Unaware of the ridicule going on via his friends, "Put your fucking dick away man we've got a game to play."
He shut off his game and ended the call, getting rougher and letting out heaving moans.
"Get up," He pulled her off his cock by her hair, her mouth dripping in saliva, her eyes watery from gagging. She looked at him questioningly, a little disappointed and exotically fearful of what was yet to come, "NOW!"
She rose, standing on her feet for only a moment before being whisked away. He grabbed onto her hips and pulled her onto his lap, straddling him in his gaming chair.
He slammed her body down onto himself and fucked up into her dripping pussy.
Turned on even more by the fact she had been wearing a skirt with no underwear he moaned loudly as she bounced on his cock. She knew she'd be getting fucked today, she wanted this. What a little whore. Waiting around all day just to be used by him. The slut didn't even bother wearing undergarments, she was begging to be fucked.
He pulled off her cropped shirt and watched as her tits bounced. His teeth clenched together, breathing fast through them, he slapped one of her big tits and watched it turn pink. She whimpered and he clasped a hand around her throat to shut her up.
His free hand went back to abusing her tits as he slapped, squeezed and groped them. He bit them as hard as he could, pulling the nipple and skin back with him to make her feel the stretch before releasing them.
Not once had the pace stopped or slowed, he continued to relentlessly pound into her.
"You wanted this. You little slut. You begged me for this. You interrupted me today. I told you no. I told you I'd be busy. But you wanted my cock so badly didn't you," She tried to nod but couldn't move due to his hand around her throat.
"Yes," She sputtered, choking on her own saliva.
He let go of her throat and brought both his hands around her to clutch at her cheeks. He spread them wide and she whimpered at the pain of the stretch while he fucked her, "You know you've got to be punished for this. You disobeyed me. You needy brat. Naughty girls get punished when they don't listen. So you're gonna take this. You're gonna take this quietly like a good girl. Because you know you deserve to be punished."
He brought his hand away from her before landing it back on her ass cheek with a loud slap, she screamed. He rubbed the spot as he spoke, "What the fuck did I just say. Quietly."
Again he spanked her, harder this time and in the same spot. The sting was unbearable and she felt her ass heating up, no doubt the cause of a big read handprint on the pale skin.
Her teeth sank into his skin as she bit at his shoulder through his shirt.
Another slap, on the other cheek this time. She bit into his trapezius. He brought his hand down once more, and she again muffled her screams in his muscles.
6 more hits and he was satisfied, tears ran down her face and she released the crook of his neck from her teeth. She panted and he asked her, "Did you finish?"
She nodded breathlessly, "I- I couldn't hold it. I'm sorry."
"That's okay," He stroked her hair and kissed her on the forehead, "You know I'm not done with you yet? I'm gonna use you until I cum, okay?"
"Yes. Yes, that's okay. Use me, please," She begged, her eyes dropping closed as she failed to catch her breath, her chest heaving.
He thrusted in and out, far slower than before. His hands tucked under her plump, bruised cheeks, he held her still while his hips thrusted up into her hole.
He fucked slow but hard, grunting when he knew he wouldn't be long. His cock feeling strangled by the tight, cum-soaked pussy, he forced his way in and out over and over again.
The sound of his balls slapping her ass was drowned out by his violent yells as he shot his cum up into her little hole, "FUCK! Ah fuck. Oh god."
He sighed, holding his breath for a moment before breathing heavily once again. She squirmed around him as she felt his cock twitch inside her. Very faintly she felt the stream of cum squirting up into her.
She whimpered and slowly sat back down onto him, rested all of her weight on his lap and chest.
He left a hand on the small of her back and together they fell asleep on the chair, pure exhaustion knocking them out for a few hours.
They knew that when they awoke they'd both be extremely sensitive. They'd need a shower and she would need her ass cared for. But in that moment, all they wanted was to rest and be close to each other.