Prologue - feel free to skip this if you've read one of my stories before ;-)
I've wanted to share some of my stories for a while but never really found the place. Some of these stories are complete fantasy, what I'd tell prospective men. I'd use them to test the water, work out their kinks and seduce them. But the majority are real life experiences and some of my darkest secrets.
To 99.9% of the people that know me, I'm a sweet, butter wouldn't melt and potentially prudish female. I get coy discussing anything sexual and have never had a relationship with girlfriends where I felt comfortable revealing my personal fetishes, kinks and extremely high sex drive. I like to keep that between me and the guy I'm fucking.
Excitement lies at the point where it starts to click for the guy that I may not actually be what they had initially believed in the bedroom. It causes a stirring in the pit of my stomach, an ache between my thighs. I need them to want me. Getting them hot, turned on and hard with just a seductive look up, through my thick lashes. Them knowing that everyone else in the room sees me as this polite, prim and proper princess but to him I am his greedy little slut that will do anything to please Daddy.
So a bit about me, I'm in my 30s now and have come to be even more confident in my body than ever before. Olive skin, dark brown eyes with thick lashes. Long straight hair that trails down my back and then to the important things....delicious big tits that have been drawing attention since I was a teen and an even more tempting ass. The perfect shelf to spank and squeeze as you see fit.
May to September is when I'm at my most horniest. Something about the sun shining, I'm happy and horny. I love a summer dress. They're perfect for cinching my waist, showing off the best curves of my ass and pushing my perfect tits on a platter for everyone to enjoy. But always to a conservative length. Preferably to the knee and a button or two accidentally popped open by my heaving breasts. Bras are discretionary. The hotter it is the more you can get away with. But you need to leave them wanting more. A summer dress is the perfect item of clothing to be fucked in, especially if you don't have a lot of time. Wet panties pulled to the side. Hard nipples peaking over the top of the dress ready to be teased and sucked. And then within a few seconds you can be back to the demure lady everyone thinks you are. Aching nipples back constrained within the dress. And hot come trickling down your clenched thighs until you have time to clean yourself up.
Anyway, I hope you enjoy my daddy diaries some of my adventures on the hunt for the perfect fuck. Like a drug addict forever chasing their first high. Don't be shy to leave a comment. I want to hear what you liked most. Did I make you hard/wet? Aching to fuck? Share the stories with your partner. I want everyone to enjoy.
Dirty Holiday Weekend
Daddy owned a place on a Mediterranean island that I visited for the first time during our first summer together. It was June so the height of the summer season had not yet begun. I was visiting for 2 weeks and daddy was going to fly in and out for the two weekends I was there. My time without daddy was for sunbathing, relaxing and preparing for daddy's arrival. Having the villa to myself was idyllic. It stood high up in the hills in the centre of the island with views across a wooded valley. The infinity pool looked like it was tipping over the edge of a cliff. The villa was modern, sleek and pretty much all white. Daddy had an intricate security system throughout the property so I knew he could be watching my every move. I obviously wanted to make sure I was delivering as his obedient slut even when he wasn't able to see me in person. I spent the majority of my time a lone working on my full body tan. It was liberating not needing to wear any clothes for the majority of my stay and seeing my olive skin darken under the sun's warm gaze. Daddy had been very specific about the type of outfit he wanted me to find to pick him up from the airport in and I was pleased with my purchases after visiting the small capital city to shop. I knew it was exactly what he would want to see me in. I arrived early in the open top white jeep daddy had hired for me and impatiently waited in the arrivals area for daddy's plane to land. It had been a long few days without daddy's attention and I couldn't wait to see what he had in store for me on this beautiful island. The sun had always aroused even more of my sexual appetite and I had spent a lot of the week negotiating with daddy to allow me to pleasure myself. Although he hadn't allowed it for the last two days. My body was fully wound and ready to be released from its sexual constraints. As I saw daddy walking through the sliding doors of the airport arrivals I bound up to him jumping into his arms and wrapping my legs around his waist. Ensuring that I made a scene that daddy would enjoy. Having all the other men in the airport gawk and stare with jealousy as the perky pert 20 something devoured her Dom daddy. I had selected a white Lacoste tennis outfit. Short white pleated tennis skirt, tight white collared polo shirt and white tennis shoes. Normally not too raunchy but I obviously wasn't wearing any underwear so my juicy pert tits bounced as I leaped into daddy's arms. My hard dark nipples clearly visible through the thin material of my T-shirt. And I'd obviously bought a size too small in the skirt so it barely covered my juicy ass. And when daddy caught me in his arms grasping his hands round my curved bum and showing off my naked tanned butt to the whole of the airport as the skirt rose up. Tuts and eye rolling could be heard from some older women who were watching the exaggerated display. I lustfully kissed daddy, my pussy already creaming in anticipation.
Daddy drove the jeep back to the villa. The 40minute drive feeling like an eternity. I teased and purred in his ear begging him to touch my wet cunt. Stroking his cock that was obviously bulging in his chino shorts. About 30minutes from the airport he pulled over on a quiet lay-by and told me to remove my clothes. The open top Jeep had little to no shelter. No roof or panels. I would be fully exposed to every car we passed. But I eagerly complied, having waited days for daddy's games and attention.
"Spread your legs and show daddy how you like play with yourself." He teased. I started to roll the back of my seat down.
"Don't even think about it. If anyone passes I want them to see the greedy slut in my car." He grinned as I raised my seat back up. My skin starting to stick to the hot leather, now there was no air circulating in the car. I started teasing around my pussy lips. Spreading the creamy juices around my cunt.
"Does that feel good, little slut?" He questioned
"Mmmmmmm, fuck yes daddy." I moan.
"Have you been an obedient little whore for daddy while he's not been here controlling your every move?" He continues to press my behaviour.
"Such a good obedient whore." I breathlessly confess. My pussy near exploding already.
"Can I come daddy?" I beg, pulling on my left nipple with my free hand.
"Yes slut, but you're not finished." He roughly leans over and grabs my free breast, a vice grip, clamping down and roughly working my right nipple. I aggressively rub at my swollen bud clit, teasing the orgasm out of me. I eventually clamp my thighs around my hand between my legs, prolonging the glorious high.
"Open your legs slut." Daddy spits. I quickly comply as daddy slams three fingers into my dripping cunt and starts fucking me hard with his thick fingers.
"You love me controlling you, don't you slut. Squeeze those delicious nipples for me. Hard like the dirty whore likes." He spits in my ear.
"I love it all daddy." I confess.
"I love you, using and controlling me. You make me so fucking wet." I almost scream, as come starts to squirt out of my obedient pussy, all over the leather seat. I breathlessly pant through my orgasm as I hear daddy get out of his side of the car to me. He pulls me out by my hair and bends me over the seat pushing my face into the mess I've just made.
"Clean it up slut." He demands. Holding my face down with one hand while I can hear him wrestling to undo his belt and fly with the other. I eagerly lap up my own mess as I feel daddy arranging his cock at the entrance to my pussy. He rams into me deep and hard. I cry out in pleasure.
"Fuck yes daddy." I moan.
"I've missed this tight little cunt." He grunts as he continues to smash into me. A car drives by at 60km/hour. Our bodies partly concealed by the jeep. Daddy continues to plough deeper and deeper into my welcoming hole. His breathing increasing with every pump. I feel his body tense, he pulls out of me and pushes me to my knees by my hair into the painful gravelly terrain. But I'm an obedient little slut and I can't wait to receive my prize for pleasing daddy.
"Open your slut mouth." He barks. I obediently comply as he ribbons his hot come into my mouth, down my face and tits. He continues to pump, like he's been saving it for me for weeks. I lick my lips like a greedy whore.
"Mmmmmmm, thank you daddy." I smile back up at him like a content slut.
"You look so fucking good covered in my come." He praises and goes back round to his side of the car. Leaving me in the dirt to pick myself up.
I don't even ask daddy anymore. I know his expectations. I climb back in the car and fasten my seat belt back up over my naked body. Daddy won't want me to get changed or wipe the come from my face and body. He wants to sit next to his obedient little slut all the way home. Showing her off to all the other cars and pedestrians that we'll pass. A dirty little game that I've come to know well and enjoy as much as daddy.
When we arrive at the villa we shower together. Cleaning each other's bodies. We can't keep our hands off each other. A few days a part being the longest we haven't seen each other for three quarters of a year. I get on my knees in the shower and devour daddy's delicious cock. Drinking down his seed like the greedy obedient slut I am. We dress, daddy selecting a black sheer maxi dress that we had bought together before my trip. He allowed me to wear a tiny black G string to cover my pussy. Knowing I would probably make a mess in it early on in the night. My large pert tits sat to attention, my nipples aroused by the delicate material as I walked. Daddy drove us to a Tapas restaurant that overlooked a bay with dazzling sunset. We sipped Rioja as we watched the sun go down. Daddy slipped his hand up my dress pulling my wet tiny panties to the side and worked my pussy to oblivion. Purring in my ear about his greedy obedient little slut's wet cunt. I tried my best to stifle my moans but we definitely aroused suspicion from the other restaurant patrons. We ate quickly both unable to wait much longer to hold back our primal urges. Daddy sped home. Coming around to my side of the jeep to open my door and lead me out of the car. Pushing his body against mine into the car. He pulled my dress over my head and slid my creamy g string down my legs on his open driveway. I obediently stepped out of the underwear which daddy sniffed and placed into his pocket before he started to devour my cunt with his mouth. Greedily lapping at my pussy. The metal of the car still warm from the days sun pressing against my naked back. My nipples hard from the cool evening breeze as I ran my hands through daddy's thick salt and pepper hair. Moaning with appreciation as I came loud and eagerly for daddy. We entered the walled garden. The pool glistening under the landscaped spotlights. I slipped off my shoes and dived into the pool. Bouncing to the surface with my juicy tits floating on the top of the water. Enticing daddy to join me. Daddy steadily removed his clothes. Never taking his eyes off the prize slut that eagerly waited for him. Fully naked his cock throbbed to attention and made my pussy giddy once again. He dived in to reach me. I wrapped my legs around his waist as he groped my left breast leading it to his eager mouth as he sucked and teased at my bullet nipple. I rolled my head back and moaned. I'd fantasised all week about daddy's attention and I couldn't get enough. I was addicted to his cock, his mouth, his fingers. I wanted it all non stop. I escaped daddy's grip and swam to a seating area that was built into the side of the pool. Sitting on my knees so my tits sat clear of the water.
"Are you trying to get me to fuck you again little slut?" Daddy questions as he waded across the pool towards me. Fire in his eyes ready to take what he wants. I push myself up so I am sat on the edge of the pool, legs dangling in the water, thighs wide open displaying my tight little pussy for daddy. Water cascading down my tanned body. Nipples hard from the cool pool and night air.
"Show daddy where you want him." Danny instructs from a meter away.
"I want daddy in my tight slut hole." I use both hands to make sure my lips are spread and my tight pink hole is on display.
"Show me!" He growls.
"Here daddy." I moan as I slide my middle finger deep into my cunt.
"Are you ready for daddy to fuck that tight little hole?" He tempts.
"Fuck yes, bruise me so I can still feel you when you're gone." By now my head is rolled back and I'm fucking my pussy with my fingers, but I feel daddy's approach. He takes my hands and wraps them round his neck, grips under my ass pulling me towards his throbbing cock. I guide him in with one hand, as soon as he's ready at my entrance, he thrusts deep inside me and holds me in place. I wrap my legs around him as he turns around and sits on the water covered pool seat, putting my legs in the kneeling position on either side of him. His cock twinging inside me still. He gathers both my tits and raises my hard dark nipples to his mouth. Slowly teasing, biting and stretching them. Knowing that it drives me wild. Especially when my pussy is full but not being fucked. I role my head back and start to grind on his cock as he continues to play with my juicy tits.
"Daddy's cock feels so good." I purr, as my pussy glides up and down his thick shaft.
"Good slut. You know what daddy likes. Such a greedy girl." He praises.
I increase my rhythm my knees starting to sting on the course textured pool seat but I don't give a fuck. I just want daddy's cock fucking my tight little cunt. Daddy's hands leave my breasts as one crawls up to my dainty neck. His fingers fully encasing my throat.
"You know daddy likes to see those tits of yours bounce." He scolds. His grip tightening and his free hand slapping across my right nipple as my juicy tits bounce into the surface of the water.
"Good slut!" He praises. Not letting up on his vice grip around my neck. I know I will be bruised in the morning.
I enthusiastically ride daddy's dick. One hand behind his neck the other gripping the safety bar that surrounds the pool, allowing me to drive myself further and further onto daddy's throbbing cock.
"You feel so fucking good baby." He uses his free hand to once again guide a bouncing tit to his awaiting eager mouth.
"Are you ready for me to fill this tight little pussy baby?"
"Yes daddy, fill your obedient slut up." I moan out.
Daddy gives one more thrust up into me and wraps both hands under my arms and pushes my shoulders down. Driving my greedy cunt onto his exploding dick. Holding me in place while he empties his load.
"You know how daddy likes it, don't you slut?" He breathes in my ear.
"Show daddy that tight little hole again. I want to see my come dripping out of your greedy cunt." He continues to pant into my ear. I gladly oblige climbing once again onto the side of the pool and spreading my legs. I lean back on one hand and use my index and middle finger to hold open my now bruised pussy lips. Swollen from the vigorous pounding it's just received. My pink hole now gaping from its eager visitor. I obediently clench my pussy walls forcing out daddy's creamy seed that drips down to my tight ass hole. A delicious cream pie for daddy to enjoy.
I wake up naked wrapped in a sheet, nipples like bullets from the freezing cold air conditioning. I try to free myself from the tangled sheets with my body aching from yesterday's escapades. I think we fucked twice more before we collapsed in bed. I hear the shower running and skip across the bedroom naked to find daddy and give him some of my mouth's attention. I climb into the huge shower behind daddy, reaching round his body to grip his cock in my hand. Daddy grabs my wrist and squeezes tightly, making me release him from my hand. He spins me around holding my hand firmly above my head.
"Did daddy give his greedy slut permission to touch him?" He spits in my face.
"Sorry daddy." My eyes started to well up. I don't know if it was because of my tired achy body or the fact that I was still desperately craving his attention but silent tears rolled down my face. I was use to daddy's control and knew I needed to be granted permission to touch him but my pussy ached for him and I felt rejected.
Daddy dropped my hand and gripped around my bruised neck pushing me against the wall of the shower. The cold tiles on my back, hardening my nipples again. His free hand squeezing my left breast like a stress ball.
"I own you slut! I control you! Not the other way round. You'll need to earn daddy's cock today. The greedy little slut needs to show daddy that she's an obedient little whore." He then spat in my face his saliva sliding down my cheek onto my hard nipples. My relationship with daddy was complicated. I craved being controlled, punished and manipulated. To most people this would seem unusual and most would have probably walked out the door. For me my pussy was dripping. I was already gearing myself up for the day of how to please daddy and be the perfect obedient slut.
I showered after daddy. Preparing my body for the day's adventures. Clean shaven from the neck down. Long dark hair brushed down my back, left to dry naturally into beach waves. I knew I had to get back into daddy's good books for the liberties I had tried to take. I decided to wait obediently on my knees on the floor in the bedroom. Knees together, head down, hands on my thighs. The only thing I wore was my all over olive tan and a thin gold body necklace that fell between my breasts and around my waste. Daddy found me 5 minutes later.
"Stand little slut." His tone now more welcoming.
"You're going to be out in the sun a lot today. We need your body prepared." With that daddy disappeared to the bathroom and returned with some sun protection oil that he began covering my body with. His strong hands feeling around my whole body. Nothing left untantalised. A small moan leaving my lips whenever he reached a delicate area. My tits, my ass, my pussy. Every inch of my body covered in the warm oil that had been worked with daddy's masculine hands.
"What would you like your obedient slut to wear daddy?" Still trying to appease his earlier mood.
Daddy went to my wardrobe and pulled out a small crotchet cream sarong. I knew instantly that this is all daddy would want me to wear all day. I swallowed down hard. He was testing me and I wanted to show my obedience. I quickly wrapped the small sarong across my naked hips. My pussy clearly visible through the crotchet gaps. I waited patiently for my next instructions. Once daddy was dressed he instructed me to get into the jeep handing me a towel, large bottle of water and my new iPhone with white headphone strings attached. I climbed into the passenger seat. The leather already hot against my naked skin from the morning sun.
"Are you ready to show daddy that you're an obedient slut again?" He questions putting the car in reverse and pulling off the drive.
"Yes daddy, I want daddy to test his eager little whore." I quickly respond. My insides whirling with the potential possibilities of daddy parading his dirty little slut round town. Although the Spanish has a much more accepting opinion of nudity than the UK, the unknown was still making my body nervous. But I was adamant I wanted to prove my obedience today and push for bigger thrills than ever before.
30 minutes later we pulled up to a make shift car park with a worn pathway into cliffs that people kept disappearing into and returning from. There was a large wooden sign with a coastal map which showed several beaches sign posted across a 10km trek.
"Follow that track wearing your headphones and obey your instructions like an eager little slut. Do you understand?" Daddy clearly directed.
I grabbed my water, towel and phone and started a long the track, placing the headphones in my ears and answering daddy's call immediately.
"Is your pussy wet yet, you eager little whore?" Daddy teased down the line. He loved playing with me and knew I enjoyed his perverted games just as much as him. My confidence was back. It wasn't out of the ordinary for people to be trekking naked to different nudist beaches across the island. I wanted to enjoy the games that daddy lay ahead. After about 100 meters I noticed daddy following me from 50 meters.
"You look like the perfect slut baby. Keep your tits bouncing for daddy." He breathed down the phone. Daddy and I were both pretty fluent in Spanish, daddy having lived in Marbella for 10years but would rarely be identified as a local. Myself on the other hand would often be thought of as Spanish before I opened my mouth. I realised quickly that daddy wanted me to entice the men that I passed in the hope they would continue talking about me as they reached daddy expecting him to not understand their crude words. Not knowing this was all daddy's perverted game. A few lewd comments about my juicy tits, a few Spanish slang terms for slut and whore that daddy relayed down the phone as they passed him. Another joked in English to daddy that he needed to catch up with the hot pussy in front. As usual daddy loved the attention I received and I knew his cock would be throbbing from the continued ego boost.
"Take a break little slut. At the top of that pass on the rock. Open your legs. I want the dirty perverts to be drooling over your cunt as they pant up the hill." He instructs. I obediently comply. My chest glistening with perspiration and sun tan oil. I take a long drink of my water letting some run past my lips onto my heaving chest to cool me down.
"Such a dirty little whore, I should fuck you over that rock right now." His arousal obviously rising.
"Fuck yes daddy." I pant down the phone.
"You've got lots more to do first greedy slut." He teases. The cool breeze running up my creamy pussy feels divine as I wait for more of the male gaze. Different groups pass some tutting and passing rude comment under their breath but the majority of the men are aroused, even some women taking a longer look.
"They're all saying you look like a greedy slut with that creamy wet pussy." Daddy praises, continuing to relay the comments as they pass. One guy saying I deserved to be raped looking like such a greedy whore.
Daddy says it's time to move on and I shortly arrive at the first beach which has clay pools against the rocks that people are covering their bodies with and laying out to dry in the sun. Good for the skin apparently, daddy tells me.
"Cover yourself in clay little slut. Get one of those guys to help you. The broad one on the left. Seduce him and invite him over tonight. Get his number." Daddy delivers my instructions.
"Will you be there tonight daddy?" I question, aware he had a meeting with some old friends already planned.
"No little whore, you'll have to find some way to entertain him by yourself." I can hear the smirk in his voice. I hang up on daddy and remove the headphones from my ears. Hiding my phone under my towel and removing my sarong. I walk seductively over to the group of guys already in the clay pools. My victim already taking in my luscious body and looking open to my approach. I think it's wise to keep my Spanish skills under wraps, it will hopefully give me the upper hand.
"Do I just rub this over my body?" I seductively question my victim. Swiping my hands through the clay and rubbing it down my stomach towards my shaved pussy.
"Mira esta puta!" (Look at this whore.) He beckons to his friends who all snigger. I look at him confused although I fully understand his remarks.
"Maybe I can help you?" he says swiping his hands in the clay and holding them up to me in a sign of surrender or more like offering to feel up my body. I know daddy will be thrilled at how quickly this has progressed. He swirls his finger round instructing me to turn around. Basically so he can admire my thick ass. I obediently comply looking over my shoulder at him and catching him pulling a face at his friends that I interpret as greedy satisfaction with my body. He confidently slaps his two hands, one on each butt cheek. I let out a flirtatious giggle. I pull in closer to his ear so his friends can't hear.
"Maybe you want to help me with making sure I've got everything covered?" I seductively trail my hands down my breasts and give my nipples a little tweak. He understands that the slutty stranger in front of him is eager for some fun and his friends will only hinder his success. He takes me by the hand and leads me round to a quieter area of the clay pool, where he knows he will be able to get more of what he wants. I know daddy will be watching pleased with my quick progress. I start applying the clay to his muscular body. Daddy always keen to select a cocky masculine stud for his greedy slut. I think he enjoys owning what a young alpha male is also keen to have.
"Are you enjoying this?" I question seductively my eyes lowered to his bulging package as I work my hands down his broad shoulders.
"I'll enjoy covering you more." He teases.
"Is it my turn now? I can't wait for your hands to be on me." I purr in his ear. Watching his semi go to fully erect.
"Puta." (Slut) He teases out with his lips. He scoops up two handfuls of clay and works then down my body, his hand reaching my shaved pussy and continuing, sliding a finger a long my slick cunt. I giggle seductively in his ear. He gets more confident. His hands back in the clay but this time working the mud eagerly across my tits and not being afraid to tease my nipples. I moan and roll my head back. His hands become more urgent covering my body with the thick clay.
"And now we go and lay out in the sun." He takes my hand and leads me to the beach dropping to his knees in the hot sand and laying directly on his back as the clay hardens against his body. I do the same next to him the clay hardening around my bullet nipples. He leans his body on his side to face me. His head resting on his hand to prop himself up. His dick is now bursting to get out of his shorts. I don't help the situation my running my hand around him.
"I bet this would feel really good in my puta throat." I smirk seductively. His eyes widen at the realisation I've been able to understand him. But he obviously likes it and has even more reason to believe I'm a greedy whore.
He starts teasing my nipples and fondling my tits. He then runs his hand between them.
"I'd love my big dick right here." He demonstrates. I bite down on my bottom lip and push my tits together encasing his hand.
"That's it little puta, that's what I want." He growls.
"Why don't you come to my villa tonight? I'll make sure I look after you." I continue trailing a finger around his bulge.
"I'm a waiter, I'm working tonight, how about tomorrow?" He counters.
"I go home tomorrow." I lie.
"You can't make tonight? My pussy tastes so good you won't want to miss it." I purr, my grip getting tighter on his bulge as I lean my body into him and bite down on my bottom lip, looking up through my lashes.
"I'm sure I can work something out." He quickly reacts. I reach under my towel next to us and pull out my phone and hand it to him.
"Add your number. I'll send you the details." I lock in his response. My pussy is getting creamier and creamier. Daddy will be loving what he's seeing and I've completed the first step of daddy's dirty game really quickly. Once I have his number I stand up, ready to remove the clay from my body.
"Are you going to help clean me off?" I beckon over my shoulder as I run into the cool clear sea. The broad waiter eagerly follows but I continue to swim further away loving him chasing me. I swim to a depth where I know neither of us will be able to touch the floor. I finally turn and tread water waiting for him to catch up. My tits bobbing perfectly on top of the water. My hard nipples at water level. Nothing feels better than being in the water naked. Something about this guy was turning me on more than usual. Maybe it was the sun and being in the water or his cocky bravado but this wasn't just about pleasing daddy anymore. I wanted to really fuck this guy but I knew that daddy would not allow it. Most of the clay had gone from my body as the waiter reached me but I was excited for more of his hands searching my body.
"I can't wait to fuck you." He panted out as he wrapped his arms around me. I obliged by wrapping my legs around his waist.
"Maybe you want to feel how tight my little pussy will feel around your big cock." I purr in his ear. Taking one of his hands and guiding it to my hot creamy pussy. I roll my head back and moan as his fingers slide along my clit and into my tight hole.
"That's it, that feels so good." I purr in his ear before quickly pulling away and starting to swim back to the beach. I turn round to see him open mouthed. Obviously overly aroused and left high and dry.
"It'll be waiting for you tonight." I promise as I continued back to the beach.
Once I reach the shore I spread my towel on the sand and retrieve my phone. Placing the earphones in my ears, I dial daddy and lay out on the towel to get dry. Daddy answered almost instantly.
"Good girl. Did you get what daddy wanted? He questioned.
"Yes, I just need to text him time and place." I replied.
"He looked like he was eager to fuck you from when he first spotted you." He praised.
"Thank you daddy."
"Is your pussy all wet like a greedy slut?" Daddy questioned
"Yes daddy."
"Did you let him touch that tight little pussy of yours." He continued drilling his questions.
"Yes daddy."
"Did he make you come little slut." He spits down the phone.
"No daddy, I didn't have permission." I obediently comply.
"Good girl. Once you are dry I'll meet you back at the jeep. Make sure you keep your nipples hard for daddy on the walk back. I want to take some photos of my dirty slut showing off on her walk."
"Mmmmm, thank you daddy." Content that I had pleased daddy and made up for my error that morning. I was looking forward to my evening ahead. Daddy wouldn't let someone in his game fuck me but would give permission for pretty much everything else. Only his cock was allowed in my obedient little pussy but something about what he had said made me think he really wanted me to fuck this guy. My stomach fluttered with excitement, I couldn't wait to see what daddy had in store.
On the ride back to the villa daddy instructed me to message the waiter with the address and tell him to come over at 8pm. I could see daddy's cock bulging in his shorts. So I knew he was pleased.
For me my confidence had grown more and more being with daddy. The more games we played, where he'd make me vie for other men's attentions showed me that I could get pretty much any man to want to fuck me. I'd been turned down only once the excuse being that he was gay. Young, old, married, single, black, white. They'd all been eager to play a long with mine and daddy's foreplay. And even as some found out about daddy they were never really mad but eager to get anything from me. I think it was a similar confidence boost for daddy and that's why he loved it. The ego of having the hot property that everyone else wanted to have and he owed it, controlled it and punished it.
My phone beeped with a reply from the waiter almost instantly: Yes puta. I showed daddy who grinned widely.
"A dirty little whore in the med as well." His grin grew wider.
When we arrived back to the villa I jumped in the pool to wash the sand off and cool down. I did a couple of laps, enjoying the cool feel of the icy water on my skin. When I broke the water for the last time, I saw daddy naked on the side of the pool, legs dangling in the water, with his hard cock standing to attention. My mouth instantly started to water. I couldnt wait to devour daddy's delicious cock. I eagerly swam over. Sitting on my knees between his legs on the built in seating of the pool.
"Can I have my lollipop now daddy for being such a good little slut?" I purred with my best submissive girl act.
"Has the greedy little slut been thinking of daddy's lollipop all day?" He questions.
"Yes daddy." I've still not touched his cock. And I see his dick twinge. I know he can't hold out much longer and I have to be a patient whore but my pussy is aching and my mouth watering for his perfect length and girth.
"Spit on it, no more!" He instructs specifically. I gladly oblige lowering my lips to his blood filled head. A heavy load from my mouth lands and drips off his throbbing helmet.
"Good girl. Again, keep going until my whole cock is covered. But remember greedy little sluts aren't allowed to touch without permission." His strict instructions driving me wild. Before he's finished his sentence I've distributed my next load.
"Yes daddy." I keep working my assigned role. Continuing to cover his cock. My lips stringing with saliva down to my nipples when I'm finished.
"Good girl. Does your lollipop look good baby?"
He teases.
"Yes daddy, I want it so bad." I eagerly nod, hoping that he might let me ride it as well as suck it. Daddy then starts stroking the dripping wet cock.
"But sometimes greedy sluts need to be punished, don't they?" He lays out the consequences to my earlier actions.
"Yes daddy." I now realise daddy is teasing me and teaching me a lesson.
"Do you like being punished little slut?"
"Yes daddy, if I'm not an obedient little whore, I need to be taught a lesson." I submissively comply with his game.
"Open your mouth and spread your slut tongue little whore." He demands.
I quickly comply as he starts slapping down his big wet cock across my tongue and face.
"You look like such a greedy slut for daddy." he praises.
"Kneel slut." He demands. He stands up from the edge of pool standing on the seating shelf. I rise off my heels.
"Good girl, hold your tits up for daddy." He continues to instruct. I eagerly obey tweaking my nipples as I do. Daddy continues slapping his dick across my nipples, covering them in his wet cock.
"My baby loves being punished like a greedy slut." Daddy's obvious arousal increasing. He strokes his thick hard cock as he continues to humiliate and tease me with his dick
"Sit on the side of the pool lie back and spread your legs little puta!" He smiles, a dirty look in his eyes. I hope this means he's going to fuck me, my pussy is dripping. I quickly comply as daddy continues to stroke himself.
"Filthy little pussy!" He slaps down hard on my clit. I yelp from the surprise assault. Daddy grins.
"Whore tits!" he again slaps around my nipples, one, two. My reaction now more muted as I await his next spank.
"Filthy, Little, Whore!" Each word punctuated by another slap across my aroused areas. Daddy keeps repeating the same words and spanking his slut in between each one. I wait for my clit to be slapped each time. Embracing the pain and pleasure it brings my aroused body. Daddy then kneels on the bench and uses the tip of his cock to stimulate my clit.
"Fuck yes, daddy!" I moan, so pleased to be experiencing more stimulation finally.
"Tell me when you're near baby. I want to come with you." Daddy promises.
"That's it daddy, more please, I'm nearly there!" I beg, my orgasm building so quickly. But just as quickly I feel his dick leave my clit and now he's laughing, wanking over me.
"You didn't think I was going to let you come, did you slut?" He humiliates me as he more vigorously works his cock.
"Beg for it slut. Tell daddy what you want." He's teasing me again but I know it's the only way to finally get what I want.
"Please daddy! I want you to fuck my tight little hole. Make me scream in pain and pleasure as you plough my tight wet cunt. I know daddy loves feeling my hot wet pussy wrapped around his thick hard dick, especially when it's already dripping from being in my wet whore mouth. I love bouncing my tits for daddy as I ride his big thick cock, that I love him to come all over like a dirty slut." I continue spitting out my filthy words, as daddy continues to wank over his greedy slut. As I mention my bouncing tits, I scoop mine up and simulate licking my nipples like a stripper. This tips daddy over the edge as streams of his come start to land across my body.
"I love how much daddy comes for me. I love when he covers we in his hot spunk." I still have my breasts in my hands and seductively rub his come into my nipples again simulating licking my hard lubricated tits, as he finishes his load on me.
"Go and shower you dirty little slut." Daddy spits on my face and walks off. Leaving me covered in his come and saliva at the side of the pool panting for more.
I shower and prepare my body for my upcoming visitor. I have to use all of my will power to not masturbate in the shower while I clean my pussy. I'm ready to come so hard. I'll be very surprised if I don't squirt tonight if daddy allows the waiter to touch my pussy. Daddy selects my outfit for the evening a short white linen dress that barely covers my ass. It's not tight fitting and has tied spaghetti straps that once undone will allow the dress to fall down my body. My hard dark nipples are easily seen through the thin linen material. Before I dress, daddy wants to tease me again. He uses the opportunity to moisturise my body. I stand naked in the bathroom as he coats my body in the cool oil. His rough movements and sudden strokes and squeezes of my intimate parts are driving me wild and I know he's doing it on purpose.
"Thank you daddy." I politely compliment once he's finished. He then leads me in front of a mirror. His body towering over me from behind. He reaches and starts playing with my left nipple. His left hand slides down my stomach finding my juicy appreciative clit that he starts to slowly and sensually circle. I moan and roll my head back against him.
"That's it, good girl. You love daddy playing with you don't you baby?" I bite my lip and nod not wanting to speak in case he stopped.
"This waiter is going to want to come here tonight and fuck this tight little pussy. Do you understand?" He whispers in my ear.
"Yes daddy, he wants your dirty little sluts cunt around his hard dick."
"Of course he does baby. But you can't give it him. You can do anything else but he can't fuck your tight little pussy. That's mine when I'm home. Do you understand?" He strictly instructs.
"Yes daddy. Only daddy gets to fuck my tight little hole with his delicious cock." I purr, my orgasm merely a minute away as he continues to slowly stimulate my throbbing bud.
"And remember daddy can see everything in this house." He slyly threatens once again pulling his hands from my teased nipple and pussy, leaving me panting from my near orgasm.
"Clean up your mess." Daddy holds his dripping wet hand covered in my juices up to my face. I take it greedily with both hands leading it to my mouth where I seductively lick and suck it clean. Eying daddy the whole time in the mirror as I do.
Daddy leaves the villa at 7:30 to meet friends while I impatiently wait for the waiter to arrive. I know daddy said he couldn't fuck me with his dick but I need something big and hard inside me. Letting him fuck me with something wouldn't be breaking the rules, would it? As I finally see some headlights cast on the front of the villa, my pussy is dripping down my thighs in anticipation. I greet him at the bottom of the stairs in the landscaped gardens at the front of the villa. My nipples poking out to attention.
"You look nearly as much a whore in clothes." He praises in his thick Spanish accent. I lead him to the villa by his index finger. Swaying my hips so he can enjoy the curves of my ass in front of him as he follows me up the steps. I'm also pretty confident he can see up my dress to my wet pussy but especially my curved ass. I do my best to strain my dress and ride it up as I ascend to the villa. Closing the big wooden door behind the waiter, he then roughly pushes me up against it and starts trailing his hand up my dress while his lips search my neck and chest, kissing and licking as he goes. When his fingers reach my eager pussy he instantly plunges his fingers inside me.
"Delicioso coño." (Delicious pussy.) He purrs in my ear as he pulls his fingers out and starts tantalising my clit. I start moaning in his ear as the pleasure quickly builds. My legs slightly bent and open waist length apart, my weight propped up against the wooden door. The waiter leaning on his arm against the door next to me lifts up the front of my dress to display my dripping pussy and to get a better look at what's been seducing him all day.
"Delicioso coño." He repeats and gives me a dirty grin. He teases and assaults my right breasts through my dress while holding up my dress hem with the same hand while his other hand has four flat fingers pressed against my clit, circling my aroused bud with the perfect amount of pressure and pace. I'm moaning in his face like a greedy whore. His mouth inches from mine as he doesn't take his eyes off my face so he can watch my pleasure build. My chest rising and falling with exaggerated breaths and my hips starting to instinctively grind on his hand chasing my orgasm.
"Buena puta. Come for me." (Good whore.) He praises the orgasm out of me. The build up all day gets too much and I can't let this orgasm escape me. Before I realise what I'm doing I've clasped the waiters wrist in place on my pussy and pushed on the back of his fingers to add more pressure to my needy clit. Driving his hand up and down my clit now and grind and hump my pussy on his large rough hand like a sex crazed whore. The orgasm inside me exploding as I keep him stimulating my pussy until I can't take any more. I finally release his hand panting in his neck. The waiter smirks at me obviously pleased with his accomplishment after being in the house for less than 5 minutes. Daddy says I can do anything but fuck him. I know this is going to be difficult I can see the lust in his eyes. He's not going to want to take no for an answer. But I know my pussy can't wait much longer I need much more attention. I push myself off the door and strut away from the waiter taking my dress off over my head and throwing it back at him. Eager for him to follow me. I look to see his eyes locked on my perfectly formed tanned behind. I lead him to the kitchen. I open the freezer door which tantalises my dark nipples. I pull out what I'm after and unwrap it. I lift myself up on the island counter, the cold granite against my warm bum cheeks. I open my legs and lean back on one hand while I start to suck and tease the ice lolly I've selected with my mouth. The waiters eyes are like saucers taking in the delicious meal I've served up for him in the kitchen.
"Want a lick?" I offer the ice lolly seductively. As he steps forward to accept my offer I pull back the lolly and trail the frozen treat down my body. The ice melting along its sensual trail. Firstly around both nipples and then a long my stomach to my clit where I seductively circle before opening my legs further and plunging the lolly into my appreciative hot pussy. I roll my head back and moan in pleasure as the waiter looks on, jaw open, drooling over the greedy slut in front of him. I remove the melting ice lolly from deep inside me and return it to my mouth to lick and suck while the waiter realises it's time for him to clean me up.
He stands between my legs and groups my large juicy tits together working between both nipples with his tongue and his teeth. Back and forward eager to not leave any trace of the sweet liquid. I moan and giggle in appreciation as I prop myself up on my elbows as I watch him trail his tongue a long my tanned stomach. Across my hip bone that sends a shiver up my body and then finally to my sweet delicious cunt. He looks up at me before he goes to take his first taste of my pussy. I seductively deep throat the ice lolly. Giving him the understanding of what is to come. He wraps his arms under my legs to pull my cunt onto his face as my legs are propped on his broad shoulders. He devours my pussy lapping and sucking like a man that hasn't eaten in weeks. He uses nothing but his mouth to bring me to an even more intense orgasm, even though it a had been mere minutes since my last one. I'm moaning with my hands in his thick black hair pushing his face into my pulsing pussy as I come undone on the kitchen island.
Once my heart rate has started to steady I sit up to meet the waiters cream covered face. Like a slut I seductively kiss his wet lips. My tongue stroking across his that's still covered in my juices. His stubble rubbing against the soft skin around my lips.
"I love tasting my pussy on your lips." I purr as I slide off the counter, throwing the remnants of the ice lolly in the sink and I once again walk off leaving the waiter with his cock bulging wondering what else I have in store.
I next lead him to the pool where I expertly dive into the cool water before bouncing to the surface to find the waiter half undressed. I walk to shallower waters my tits covered in goosebumps, rock hard nipples watching as he quickly finishes undressing. His cock devastating to look at, knowing that daddy had banned me from fucking him. The perfect size to ride and covered in throbbing veins that make my mouth water. The waiter starts stroking his cock as he approaches the pool. I squeeze my tits between my arms.
"Is this where your cock wants to be?" I tempt
"Yes, puta." He growls
I ask him to bring me a bottle that I'd conveniently left next to one of the sun loungers. He eagerly complies and jumps in the pool with it. Swimming up to me, where I wrap my legs round his waist. His cock pointing north pressed against his stomach and my pussy.
"How did you end up being such a dirty whore?" He pries seductively. His Spanish accent turning me on more and more.
"Just lucky I guess..." I grab the bottle from his hand and once again leave him figuratively holding his dick. Swimming to the internal pool seating bench, I patiently wait for my pray. Although I've come twice in less than an hour it pains me that I can't be filled by his delicious dick, especially now I had seen it in all is hard veiny glory. I bite my bottom lip contemplating him fucking me right now but quickly push the thoughts out of my mind. Knowing that I must obey daddy to be his obedient little slut and get back in his good books. As the waiter approaches I sit on my knees on the bench ledge.
"Why don't you sit here, with that delicious hard dick." I purr patting at the edge of the pool next to the side of me. The waiter does as instructed legs dangling in the water. Leaning back on his hands. His dick pointing to the sky.
I turn to face him between his open legs, as I trail a finger a long one of his throbbing veins biting my bottom lip. He watches my every move with sex crazed eyes. My nipples are almost level with his cock as I use both hands to stroke is throbbing dick. He rolls his head back finally getting to enjoy some attention on his cock. I reach for the lube that id placed next to him on the side and liberally squirt it between my chest and onto his eager cock. I use one hand to perform long steady strokes up and down his shaft and the other to work the lube around my chest. Lubricating my hard nipples and not being able to stop myself from moaning from the pleasure. When I'm satisfied with my preparations I push the front of my body up against the pool edge between the waiters legs and rise on my knees. My lubed tits ready for play. I encase the waiters throbbing cock between my ripe juicy tits. And rise up and down on his length.
"Fuck, that looks so good." He praises, as I smirk at his approval. His blood filled head popping back up between my heaving chest. Next time it appears I spit down on his slit like a whore. Some pre come mounting at his tip. I use my thump to circle his slit and then bring it to my lips to taste. I moan in appreciation of the delicious saltiness.
"Is this what you wanted?" I purr as I increase my strokes and spit down his head and my tits again.
"Fuck, yes." He grunts out.
"And where do you want to finish for your puta?" I smirk, encouraging his ejaculation.
"Down your whore throat." He spits. I release his cock from it's encasement between my juicy pert tits and greedily wrap my lips around his delicious girth. I work hard and fast up and down his length working with my hands on his lower shaft. I push his cock deep into my throat my mouth pooling with saliva. I finally come up for air and spit my sloppy drool along his length. I do the same again and again. Able to increase the time my throat can grip around his delicious cock each time. The waiter is moaning out in satisfaction. I know he is near as I get back to work up and down his cock. He then starts to use my hair to control my head. Guiding me up as he stands on the bench in the pool and fucks my mouth with his dick. Tight grip in my hair as he holds my head still and bucks his thick veiny dick into the back of my throat repeatedly. I feel his come hit the back of my throat as he holds the back of my head onto his dick. He finally releases me and I ease his spent cock out of my mouth. Sloppy drool stringing from his cock to my bruised lips.
"Mmmmmmm." I moan appreciatively, as I pull back his foreskin and lick along his still weeping cock. I continue to lap around his dick seductively. I hope the waiter is satisfied with his evenings entertain and I can get him to leave promptly. Excited to retell my naughty tales to daddy and hopefully watch some of the security footage. If I've pleased him enough, he'll fuck my greedy little cunt. I start to smile to myself as I begin to climb out of the pool. The waiter calls after me.
"Where are you going puta? I haven't finished with you yet." He cat calls.
"I have an early flight in the morning, I think it's time we call it a night." I lie, taking a towel to start drying my hair. The waiter climbs out of the water and approaches me from behind reaching around my body one hand to my breast and another to my pussy.
"I know you want me inside you." He entices in my ear. My pussy throbs under his touch and my nipples are already growing harder as he teases them. But daddy has forbidden me and I'm worried the more I play the harder it will be to say no.
"I'll be back soon. Next time you can have all of me." I lie again in the hopes that a false promise will smooth over my rejection of him. That doesn't seem to have the desired effect. He removes his big wet hand from my pussy and positions it around my neck. Turning his body to face me as he pushes me up against the wall. His large hands tightening around my throat.
"You can't tease me all night PUTA!! And then deny me your cunt around my dick." He spits in my face. I slap him across the face and see his eyes go black. My pussy is throbbing for him to fuck me like a whore over the table but daddy has forbidden me. I know I need to obey daddy but I now only seem to be escalating the situation. I don't know how I'm going to get rid of the man I've been seducing all night without letting him fuck me.
His grip around my neck suddenly loosens and I am able to catch my breath again. His eyes have mellowed and I feel now I may have finally reached him.
"Ok puta, I have a gift in my car for you. I will give it to you and then I'll leave." He smiles seductively. He pulls on his shorts and runs to front door. I start to relax and continue drying my hair with the towel. The waiter returns with his hands behind his back hiding my gift. I smile wondering what he has to surprise me with.
"Put your hands out and close your eyes." He grins seductively. I obediently comply and feel cold metal begin to wrap around my wrists. I open my eyes to see the waiter grinning and his eyes black once again. My stomach flips as he pulls me naked across the patio to the large round table and drags me over it. Chaining my hands around the parasol pole and clipping it in place with a large heavy padlock. He's stood on the opposite side of the table to me, my body bent over, tits pressed into the wooden top. I look up at him panting, scared and incredibly aroused. He gives me a deliciously wicked smile and places the key to the padlock on the far side of the table. With no way of me being able to reach it. He lowers his body to my eye level.
"If you won't give it to me puta, then I'll take it." He threatens before beginning his walk back round to my side of the table. I couldn't think straight. Would daddy reject me? I'd told him no and he was going to force himself on me, surely that wouldn't be my fault. But I also I knew that there was nothing more that I wanted in that minute, than being fucked like a greedy little whore. And I knew somehow daddy would know this and judge that I'd disobeyed him. The waiter had removed his shorts again and was stood directly behind me. I could feel my pussy juices running down my thighs, as he reached between my legs.
"Delicioso coño." He purred in my ear. My nipples giving me away and hardening instantly. He guided his cock to my pussy and rammed it in. I moaned out in pleasure instantly.
"Good whore. I knew you wanted it." He purred again in my ear. I promised myself I wouldn't make another sound. I can't admit the pleasure that his delicious cock is giving me and whatever happens I can't come. He pounds into me skilfully, each thrust hitting another erotic stirring. Because I was being a disobedient slut was that making it feel more pleasurable? As I thought I would, I could feel every throbbing vein from his delicious cock as it rubbed in and out of my greedy cunt. It was the first real cock I had felt inside me other than daddy's in 8 months. I got distracted and easily enthralled in the excited stimulation in my cunt. I couldn't help myself with my natural slut urges kicking in. Clenching my pussy around his dick, arching my back and pushing my pussy into the air to improve the angle and pleasure pressure in my cunt, pushing back on his throbbing cock and moaning with every stroke. Before I had time to think my orgasm was sizzling inside me and only needed a little push to fully explode but I caught my actions and started to push down the pleasure that had built. The waiter noticed and wouldn't let me get away with it. He increased his thrusts into me hitting me, deeper and deeper in my cunt. He then reach around the front of my body between my legs and starting tantalising my clit.
"Come puta, let me hear you come." He purred in my ear once again. This time I had no chance to stop myself and came loudly and freely like the dirty little puta I was.
The waiter then picked up his pace behind me hammering harder and harder into me. He had done his job for me, it was now his time to use my body for his own personal gratification. I could feel my pussy lips bruising under his heavy slams into my body. His grunts grew more animalistic and has panting becoming more breathless as I could feel his body tense as he ploughed himself into me one last time.
Burying his cock deep inside my pussy and filling me with his hot come. He finally pulled out of me his wet dick trailing down my leg. He gathered his things and left without another word. I was left chained to the table like a whore for daddy to find me. I started to cry worried about the potential consequences. I knew what the rules were, I know I said no but I also knew I really wanted to be fucked like a slut. My pussy hadn't been filled all day and I know daddy would see me on the security camera enjoying my dirty fucking. I couldn't deny anything especially not to daddy.
At least an hour passed, my body shivering from the cold night and my hair still wet. I can feel the waiters come dripping out of my fucked pussy. I can hear daddy's jeep pull onto the drive. My stomach flips. What will he say? What will he do? Will he want to find the waiter? A few minutes later daddy finds me on the patio.
"You have been a busy slut. Haven't you." He teases. I'm unsure that he understands the situation in front of him yet. He stands behind me and looks to inspect my pussy.
"Has someone been a disobedient little slut." And slaps a large hand on my right arse cheek.
"I'm sorry daddy, I told him no." I half lie.
"He tied me up and fucked me anyway." Tears start to roll down my face again. Daddy starts to laugh and comes to lean over the table so he can look me in the eye.
"Who owns your pussy baby?" He questions
"You do daddy." I sniff.
"Who controls it and says who can and cannot fuck it." He smiles.
"You do daddy." I shyly reply ashamed that I allowed someone else to fuck my pussy with out his permission. He laughs again.
"I called him on the way to the restaurant and explained that you were a dirty little whore that liked to be fucked like one. I told him I had banned you from fucking him but that you're such a greedy slut that you'd love it, even if he forced himself on you." His face grinning from his perverted little game that he'd played on me. My heart pounding at the realisation of the situation. I knew daddy was still going to punish me but I was relieved that he wouldn't reject me.
"I need a drink, so I can enjoy this some more." Daddy walked away still leaving me tied to the table. I heard ice clinking in a glass and the glugging of whiskey as he poured his expensive drink. Daddy stepped back outside the ice clinking in the tumbler. He stood behind me and picked up the bottle of lube that seemed to have rolled along the floor to Daddy's feet. He slurped his drink. Placed the lube down on the table and started stroking my right ass cheek.
"How should daddy punish his little whore?" He questioned. He stirred his index finger in his drink and then put it in his mouth to clean it. He then trailed his finger along the curve of my right ass cheek to the apex of my thighs where he then slides his finger between my butt cheeks and pushes his wet digit into my tight ass hole.
I moan at daddy's intimate touch.
"I haven't trained my greedy little sluts ass hole in a while." He growls.
"No daddy." I purr, pushing my ass back onto his finger that's teasing my hole. Daddy takes another sip of his drink and places the cold drink down on the table next to me. He picks up the bottle of lube, removing the lid. He spreads my ass cheeks with one hand and liberally squirts the cold liquid directly onto my tight hole.
"Does that feel good little slut?" He questions sweetly.
"Yes daddy." I purr, conscious that daddy usually gives me something to loosen me up before any anal play. I know this is part of his intended punishment. My tight hole will have to take the brunt of my disobedience.
Daddy swirls the cool lube around my tight hole and slips his thick middle finger inside me. He takes the middle finger of his other hand and does the same.
"Good girl." He praises.
"Such a greedy little slut. I bet you've had all your dirty little holes filled today." He berates.
"Yes, daddy." I moan out, with daddy sliding his index finger and middle finger from each hand in and out of my tight ring.
"How does it feel having another man's come dripping out of your dirty little pussy while your daddy trains your tight little ass." He presses my humiliation.
"So bad daddy. I feel like such a dirty girl." I purr. Daddy removes his fingers and picks the lube back up. Opening the screw lid and squirting more around and in my now gaping little hole. He replaces the lid and starts working the curved bottle into my hole.
"Is that better baby? I know you love daddy stretching your holes." He growls through gritted teeth.
"Fuck yes daddy." I encourage his onslaught. He's loosened my tight ring and is steadily working the bottle in and out of my relenting hole. The bottle is then quickly removed and I hear daddy take a deep drink of his whiskey and undo his belt and fly. He squirts more lube onto his big throbbing dick and strokes it along his length before ploughing into my waiting hole. I cry out. The first time I've been filled in the ass sober. His thick girth stretching me. Daddy isn't playing nice. He's hammering my ass like he would my juicy cunt after not seeing it for a week. As I get used to the pain, the pleasure of his length starts to crawl up my body. I'm glad daddy has chosen this as my punishment. I now moan with enjoyment at every stroke. This spurs daddy on further as his fingers grip into my waist as he uses my body to pleasure himself pulling me back onto his cock and thrusting deep inside my tight hole.
"Are you ready to have daddy's come inside you as well baby?" He grunts as his thrusts get slower and sharper.
"Fuck yes daddy. Fill my ass. I've had come in my throat, come in my pussy and come in my ass all in one day, like a real whore." I moan out. With that he does his final buck into me and groans as he fills his dirty little slut. He slowly pulls out and collapses on a chair behind him. I hear a click of his phones camera as he obviously takes a photo of my two dripping holes. He continues to sip his drink as his dirty whore is still tied helplessly to the table.
After 5 minutes daddy starts to get up from his chair. I feel relief that it's time for bed. I'm freezing, exhausted and the dripping come is starting to dry against my thighs.
"I'll release you in the morning before I leave for the airport little slut. I think you need to sleep out here for the night and think about what you've done." Daddy sets his further punishment.
"Yes daddy." I know there is no point arguing and this is better than what I deserve for being such a disobedient slut.
"You'll need to get tested and I won't authorise you to play with your pussy all week until I'm back next weekend. If by then you've cleaned your dirty little cunt up, I'll consider allowing you to please daddy with your pussy again." And with that he left me helplessly tied to the table. My wrist ached from the cold chains, my legs hurt from holding my body in the same position for hours. My nipples were like bullets in the cool night air and my two holes bruised by two different large thick cocks. I smile to myself. I know I'm in pain and would love to be warm in bed but I've loved my dirty perverted slutty weekend with daddy and try to sleep fantasising about what perversions next weekend might hold.