Valerie's weekend at her parents found Kathy and me remembering our quiet and alone times before Valerie moved in. Don't get us wrong, we loved Valerie to death. It's just making love like we enjoyed: slow, tender, and languid was something we missed. To Valerie's credit, she did make a few announcements on a Saturday or Sunday morning that she was going shopping for a few hours... alone. We each kissed her. When she would return, she always had a 'shit eating' grin and would say that it looked like we had fun, as she looked at Kathy's 'glow', and the rumpled bed.
It was like the first few days after Kathy had arrived a few months ago. We couldn't get enough of each other. Friday night we stopped at the local tavern. Danced. Ate. Drank. Danced some more. A night swim ended with me eating her luscious pussy of hers under the stars, and hearing my name as she howled it into the still dark night. Taking me into her warm mouth, slickening me... preparing me so I would effortlessly glide into her warmth as she straddled and rode me, with a vengeance. Then turning onto her hands and knees, that white bottom staring back at me, I fucked her with a vengeance. Kathy's hand alternating between her clit and my swinging smooth nut sack. Our combined release as we howled each other's name into the still night.
Cuddling in the warmth of our bed, as we drifted off to our secret place of shared dreams.
Waking with 'morning wood' nestled against her soft butt cheeks; Kathy guided me outside, her hand wrapped around my 'wood', hopped up on the picnic table, spread her legs wide, grinned, and waited. My cock pounded her wide open and wet pussy. The fingers of her right hand a blur on her needy clit. The fingers of her left hand pulling and pinching first one nipple and then the next. The birds scattering at our combined releases.
We decided to make Saturday night a 'date' night. Our 'date' night. Kathy was going to do her makeup and wear the second sun dress that the two of them had purchased that one afternoon. The one where the front was open enough to showcase the soft gentle swells of each of her little tanned breasts.
I waited patiently at the kitchen table waiting for the entrance of 'my princess'. And then... there she was. I think I said to myself, "Oh shit". She must have heard it because I saw a huge smile.
The combination of the dark eye liner and mascara highlighted her blue gray eyes against the white background. Her soft pink lips had a slight sheen. A gold necklace and gold pendant rested against her smooth tanned skin.
The dress... oh the dress. It looked different than when I saw it in the store. Perhaps it was that now, she had taken the time to properly adjust it.
It was as if she had slipped it over her head and the fabric found its own resting place along her lithe body. The soft material was molded to each of her little breasts. The inside edge was tight along a line that was halfway between her nipple and the beginning of the gentle swell of her smooth little mounds. The "V" shaped opening, wide at her shoulders and then coming to a 'point' maybe six inches below the bottom of her breasts. It was all held in place by two delicate shoulder straps that disappeared over her shoulders to connect with an opened "U" down her tanned back. Only this open 'U' extended down to the gentle small of her back to just below her Dimples of Venus. The dress ended mid-thigh. White sandals adored her feet with the light pink painted nails. So much smooth tanned skin on display... front and back... and those legs. Turning sideways, and smiling, the gentle swells of her exposed flesh were alluring and sexy as hell.
I think my breathing stopped, as all I could do was to totally take in the vision of pure feminine loveliness that stood before me.
"You can breathe now," she grinned.
"You like?" as she extended her arms out to her sides and did a slow three-sixty, stopping mid-way to look back over her bare shoulder and flashing that infectious 'Kathy smile'. Oh... and that back... that smooth tanned back.
"My god Kath... you are so sexy. So beautiful... did I say sexy?"
"Yes. But you can tell me again and again that I'm sexy," she grinned, and then she was in my arms.
"I keep saying this... I love it that you appreciate me the way that you do... my sharp mind... my personality... and this," stepping back, giving me a sultry look, "and my body." as her hands moved up her sides, over her breasts, and stretched for the ceiling.
"Every time I watch your eyes go over my little body, it's the way every woman wants her man to look at her. You make me feel so special. So appreciated."
I brought her into my arms and held her, "That's because, my love... you are special... so very very special to me," our lips meeting.
"Come on. Let's go on our date. Let me show the world how special you are and how lucky I am to have found someone like you. Otherwise, I am going to whisk you off to our bed and make slow love to you. But, that's for later," I was rewarded with a bright smile. A smile of anticipation.
We hit the Italian restaurant that we enjoyed. It was cozy, in a romantic sort of way. Kathy turned heads. I loved it. We shared a bottle of Chianti and enjoyed the closeness. We were in no hurry. The restaurant wasn't that busy so we didn't feel like we needed to hurry to free up the table for waiting customers.
We sat in a corner booth, next to each other. I was able to look over and take in the soft gentle swells of her breasts.
After about the tenth 'look', she leaned in close, kissed my cheek, and whispered, "You're looking at my boobs."
Grinning.
"If you don't stop looking at me like that, we are going to have to go somewhere very private."
"Yes I am. And going somewhere private is for later," I leaned over and kissed her cheek.
"What are you thinking?" she grinned.
'OK. I can have some fun here,' I thought to myself.
"I'm thinking, that in a couple of hours... of how my hands, mouth, lips, and tongue are going to be worshiping each of your lovely little mounds. Of how my mouth, lips, and tongue are then going to slowly feast on each of your hard sensitive nipples," my voice a whisper. I felt her shift, and move in closer. Turning. Our eyes meeting.
She leaned closer, her hand resting lightly on my thigh, and whispered into my ear, "Then what?"
I could feel her warm breath on my neck, before she pulled back to, again, meet my eyes.
"Then, I am going to kiss my way down your completely bare body. I'm going to deeply inhale your erotic scent. My tongue, slowly gliding through your soft petals. I'm going to drink that special nectar that will be seeping from your fully blossomed flower. A nectar that is made for me, and only me."
"Then what?" her voice raspy... her breathing slow, shallow, and laboring. Her eyes filling with need... with desire.
"Then my tongue is going to, first, probe. Probe as deep as I can into your opened sex. I am going to bath that sensitive pearl to the point where your whole body will be begging me to stop. Calling out my name as your body becomes consumed with orgasm after orgasm after orgasm."
"Oh shit," she gasped as I heard her take in a lungful of air, and then hesitating, as that vision of what was to come, played out before her eyes. Her hand reaching under the table to grasp my completely hard erection.
"Then what?" her voice hushed as her breathing became more intense. Her soft lips inches from my ear. Her hot breath on my neck.
"Then I am going to make love to you. I am going to slowly, and completely make love to you. I am going to fill you with my hard cock. I am going to fill you with my hot thick seed to where you will be overflowing," her hand now in a vise grip around my covered length.
Silence. I kissed her forehead.
"A couple of hours? My panties are dripping right now. And you're all hard," her face in a pretend pout.
"Patience my love," I got a kiss and another squeeze just as our food arrived.
......................................
I decided to hit the restaurant where my co-worker, Dale, bartended on the way home. Yes, I was going to show off my girlfriend, and she knew it.
The bar was pretty empty. When we entered, I saw Dale's face beam as he took in Kathy's vast expanse of flesh. I told Kathy to turn around, like she was looking at something behind her. She grinned and got what I was up to. I watched Dale's eyes devour that sea of smooth tanned flesh.
Since it wasn't all that busy, we chatted. At times I had Kathy turn toward me... putting her in a bit of a profile position to Dale. We both knew the effect that was creating. Dale, to his credit, was trying to be discrete. Kathy just grinned at me, knowing what I was doing.
.....................................
Once in the car, Kathy started to take off her dress, to ride around topless for a bit. I asked her to wait until we got home, as I had more plans. She asked if those plans were more than what I described in the restaurant. I said they did. She kissed my cheek and said she that now she really couldn't wait.
My plan was for us to take a warm sensual bath together, something we hadn't done in quite a while and sip some cold champagne. She liked that idea. She also said that she had a surprise for me.
Kathy disappeared. While the tub filled I lit candles around our room and around the tub. Setting an ice bucket next to the tub, within easy reach.
I slipped into the lavender scented warm tub and waited for my surprise. Moments later, Kathy appeared in the doorway, dressed in a sheer powder-blue negligee that draped her body from just above her breasts to her upper thighs. It was simple, but elegant. It took my breath away.
The top was held in place by two thin spaghetti straps that went behind her neck and tied in a bow. The front started just above the top swells of her gentle breasts. It was widely open at the top and formed a gentle "V" that ended just below her soft naval. Each erect nipple was barely covered. This one, either didn't come with panties, or Kathy decided, the effect was better without, as the dark shadow of her underlying soft fur was erotically before me. I had the impression that this design was strictly intended for women with small breasts.
"You like?" she grinned as she did a slow turn, looked over her shoulder and flashed that 'Kathy smile'. I groaned as my eyes, once again, feasted on the wonder before me that was all mine.
"Wow," I said in a low and hushed tone. She grinned.
"I got it just the other day. I didn't know I'd get to wear it so soon. And in case you're wondering... yes, it did come with panties. I almost wore them, but I thought you would appreciate this look."
"Kath... you are stunning... beautiful... sexy...beautiful... gorgeous...did I say sexy?"
"Yes. But don't stop. You're doing really really well. I may have to reward you... later," she playfully grinned, "But for now."
Her eyes on me as she reached behind her head and untied the bow and released. I watched in total awe as gravity took over. The soft delicate material literally floated down her body and pooled at her feet. Before me stood the most gorgeous sensual creature God had ever created. Her body bathed in the soft golden glow from the many candles that surrounded the tub.
Kathy settled into my arms, her back against me. Her right hand reaching up and back around my neck. My left hand completely cupping her left breast, and was topped her left hand. My right hand resting comfortably just below her rib cage. Her neck back against my shoulder. My lips finding that soft sensitive skin just below her ear.
"God, I missed this," she purred. I held her tighter, "This was a good idea."
We cuddled. We sipped our champagne. Remembering that the first time we had shared a bottle was on my return last fall. That evening, in her room, when we heard the Righteous Brothers love song, "Unchained Melody", for the first time.
Remembering that just after that song, we made love without the need for a condom and I filled her with my seed for the first time. I gently squeezed her soft breast and saw a soft satisfying smile, as she too relived that moment.
"Come. Let's take our shower. You promised you would make love to me. You told me how you were going to make love to me, and I can't wait any longer."
I watched as she slowly rose from the tub; Venus, arising from the sea-foam. Her absolute perfection taking my breath away. Kathy grinned as my eyes, once again, devoured her soap-sud covered body. Her golden forest, now hidden in a sensual cloud of white suds.
After a slow shower, I did exactly what I described to her I was going to do when we were in the restaurant... very, very slowly.
I tasted her... all of her... over and over and over. I drank every drop of her precious nectar created from her arousal. Sounds of her contentment, and pleasure, filled the room and drifted to the outside air. Her release of ecstasy as her body responded and responded to every touch of my tongue. To every touch of my fingers deep inside her molten core.
And then, I was inside of her. We held each other in 'Our Love Making Position' as we rejoined... our souls, and hearts reuniting. Our love flowing from each other into each other. Filling her with my own special love cream that was made especially for her, and only her.
Basking in the afterglow of our shared pleasure, it didn't take long for us to drift off to our own shared dimension of dreams where our spirits joined.
............................
I woke to find Kathy on her side with her head propped on her hand, with a contented smile. The sheet had slipped down to her waist. A petite pink nipple peeked back at me. I felt a stir at that sight.
"How long have you been awake?"
"A bit," as she moved over and cuddled next to me. Her head on my chest. A soft breast against my side.
"I can hear your heart beating," as she first planted a kiss above my beating heart.
"Bill, thank you for last night. Everything you did was for me. From the quiet dinner. To showing me off to your friend," I could hear the smile.
"The bath... that was sooo nice. Cuddling together. Making love to me. You showing me, again, how much you love me. How much you appreciate me. All of me. I know that you would do anything for me. It's why I love you so much."
Kathy moving to cover my body with hers, our lips met. Even with 'morning breath' we didn't care. Our lips and tongues found each other."
"I love you to, my love," my arms completely encircling her, drawing her close into me.
We lay encased in our little world for a while. How long? Couldn't tell you. Her warmth on my body felt like heaven. I gently stroked her back as she rested her head on my shoulder. Neither of us wanting to move... to break the spell.
"So, what do you want to do today?" knowing that Valerie would probably be back early to mid-afternoon.
"Nothing. Just this for a while. Then maybe spoon for a while, with you inside of me. Then have you finish inside of me. Then lay in the sun while we wait for Valerie. What do you think?"
"Perfect. You always have the best plans," I kissed the top of her head.
And that is exactly what we did. Around noon we took a lazy shower as I pleasured her with my tongue in the shower. Tasting myself at the same time, as remnants from our mating seeped from her folds.
After a quick bite, and loading up the cooler, we settled at the edge of the pond... staying nude the complete time, and that was how Valerie found us... cuddled and asleep.
Kathy came to first, as she 'felt' Valerie's presence, looked up and grinned. I felt her move and opened my eyes to see a completely nude Valerie, those soft brown curls and erect pink nipples. She had a playful smile like 'the cat that had just swallowed the canary'.
Kathy rolled off me. I was probably just a bit above a completely 'relaxed' state.
"I thought I'd find you two out here. Just like this. Shit Kath... What'd you do? Wear it out?"
They both giggled as Kathy sat up to look at my softened member.
"Pretty much," as she leaned over to give me a kiss.
"You guys probably haven't worn clothes since when... last night, or before"
"Something like that," Kathy grinned.
Valerie sat and oiled up her front, paying special attention to her little firm breasts, and making sure she had my attention as she grinned at me. She also paid attention to my hardening member, as she openly stared while slowly rubbing her breasts. I throbbed at the sight and grew. Kathy watching the whole time, until I was completely erect.
"See Val, it's not wore out."
Valerie filled us in on her weekend with her parents and the few friends that hadn't left for school yet. They were amazed that she had transferred to a private art institute. She did keep the fact that she was living with an unmarried couple to herself.
Her parents did broach the subject briefly while they were out for dinner, on how things were working out. Valerie made light of it and just said that things were working out fine, of course, leaving out the nude sunning and swimming activities... sharing our bed at times... driving around naked. She enjoyed cooking. She did say how she would meet us for lunch at a park a few times a week; but, added that it would probably end, as her school was too far away.
Kathy told Valerie of our activities, well, not all the activities. Valerie was able to fill in those blanks herself.
We did a nude swim. Laid out on the raft. I again took in their water-beaded skin and glistening pubic hair. Valerie grinned as she watched me shamelessly taking her nude body.
Even though Valerie's classes didn't start until late the next morning, she wanted to get to bed early. So, we did. We hugged at the top of the stairs, by now they had nightshirts on, and only nightshirts. Kathy and I cuddled in 'our time' before drifting off together to the sounds of the night.
...................................
Kathy and I got back into our routine. Valerie's classes weren't all about 'making stuff'. Many were real academic classes: History of Western Art, History of European Art, Modern Art, etc. Although there were labs where she actually did 'art' stuff. Valerie had reading assignments her first day. We left her alone.
Kathy's birthday was coming up in a few weeks. She had already told me not to get her anything, as she said she had everything she could ever want. I on the other hand was planning on making this birthday one she would never... ever forget.
........................................
We did have one early morning of 'play' in the middle of the week.
I woke, maybe forty five minutes early to a full bladder. When I came back, I found Kathy on her side staring at my nakedness, grinning.
"It's early," she whispered, "why don't you go back, wash off that beautiful dick and those smooth balls? Then bring me a glass of water."
I knew what was coming... so to speak.
"Do you want me to brush my teeth?"
"No. That will just ruin the taste of yourself when you kiss me... afterwards," she grinned. My dick throbbed.
Kathy had me lay across in the front of the bed mirror such that everything was completely visible from the open doorway and hallway... she had a reason. Kathy was prone to me. She situated herself such that she could alternate between watching me watch her, and looking out the door, in hopes of seeing movement. Of hopes of seeing Valerie watching her. Of hopes of her being able to watch Valerie.
We had lots of time.
I heard Kathy whisper, "This is going to be so much fun. Another morning blow-job, just for you, my love."
Kathy started out slowly. Her tongue lightly flicking my smooth sack. At times we would both close our eyes as we each concentrated on the sensations that each was receiving. Then, at times eyes intently staring at each other, as she would engulf the swollen pink glans. But, all the while, Kathy keeping the corner of her eye locked on the open doorway through the mirror.
Then she saw it. The dim white of Valerie's nightshirt, followed be a hushed, "Oh my."
Kathy did a soft grin. Then the real show started between the two of them. I was oblivious, as I stroked Kathy's soft hair.
Kathy wanted to discretely focus her eyes directly on her friend without me noticing while she pleasured me.
She quietly said, "Close your eyes, my love."
I felt her shift a bit, and opened my legs a bit. I was totally exposed to the doorway. My smooth pink sack resting against my thighs.
Valerie reappeared in the hallway... nude. Their eyes locking. Kathy smiled at her friend... our friend. Valerie smiled back, knowing that this time, she wasn't intruding in a very intimate moment. That this time, Kathy was sharing our intimacy with her, inviting her to watch. To watch closer, if she wanted to. She quietly moved to the doorway.
Valerie watched as the tip of Kathy's pink tongue moved through the sensitive valley on the underside of the pink glans. She heard me groan in pleasure. As I whispered her name. Her hand at the base of my cock... cupping and massaging my balls.
She watched intently as Kathy move back down to suck my fragile eggs into her mouth. Sealing her soft pink lips around the base, she slowly pulled her head back, stretching my loose hairless sack, staring at Valerie, before they slid out of her mouth with a small pop!
And again.
And again.
Valerie let out a low quiet groan. Her eyes fixed on the glistening ball of pink flesh. Kathy planting one final kiss. Their eyes meeting again.
Valerie's hands moved to her breasts and gently massaged the soft pliable flesh. Her fingers tightening around her dark pink erect nipples and rolled them. Then pulled on them. Then rolled them and pulled on them again and again and again. Soft gasps escaping her lips.
Kathy swirled her tongue around the glistening head, watching Valerie. Her left hand snaking under her body, as her fingers found her engorged and needy clit. Three bodies now being pleasured... Two from themselves... One from Kathy's mouth and tongue. I sensed the slight movement, and knew what Kathy was doing. I smiled as I lightly stroked her bare back. Her soft moans of pleasure joining mine. Valerie was struggling to keep hers under control. However, I don't think I would have noticed.
Valerie watched as Kathy looked directly at her, kissed the tip lightly and reverently. She watched as Kathy's tongue probed the seeping opening. Valerie let out a muffled groan at that sight. Her right hand moving down through her damp curls to find her own engorged and needy clit. Her legs moving apart a bit more to give herself access to the source of her pleasure.
Kathy watched as Valerie plunged two fingers into her sopping hot opening. I heard and felt Kathy give out a moan as she engulfed the entire head. Her hand around my balls tightening as I whispered her name as she pleasured me.
"Oh Kath... that feels so good. You always make me feel so good."
Kathy took a quick look at the clock and saw that we still had plenty of time. She slowed the pace. She was determine to drag this out as long as Valerie was able, and willing, to watch.
Kathy was intrigued. She had never watched another woman pleasure herself. That, and in itself, was erotic and drew her eyes to Valerie's hand as her fingers moved in and out of her and then to her clit.
Between what she was watching, her own hand frantically pleasuring herself, and the sensations of my dick against her tongue, Kathy was on the verge of her first orgasm. I heard her breathing quicken as my dick disappeared into her warm mouth.
"Yes. Cum for me Kath. Let me hear you make yourself cum."
Valerie heard that and knew instantly what Kathy was doing to herself. She increased her own pleasuring as her own sounds of pleasure softly escaped her lips. She was close.
I heard Kathy cum, as she took me deeper into her mouth than she and ever before and held me there. I groaned at the new sensation. I felt her body quake in the throes of her own pleasure. Her hand around my balls tightening. Her eyes met mine and smiled. The corners of her lips curling upward as she kept her mouth sealed around my hardness.
Kathy bobbed her head, her lips gliding over the sensitive pink plum. Her hand moving up to gently stroke me as she took me. I was close. She knew it. Valerie sensed it, as her pace quickened. She wanted to watch me finish. To hear me finish. She wanted to cum when I did. Kathy was working on her second orgasm.
Three simultaneous orgasms? Unlikely, but this is a story of fantasy.
"I'm going to cum, Kath."
"Me too," Kathy gasped as she briefly came off my dick, and then returned.
"Me too," Valerie gasped to herself.
I felt Kathy's body, once again, stiffen and shudder as her body gave in to everything that was stimulating her... Herself... Valerie... my dick. It sent me over the edge, as Kathy's hand gripped my throbbing testicles as they emptied themselves into her mouth. I let out a more than quiet groan as I filled her mouth. Valerie's knees almost buckling as her orgasm rippled and shook through her body.
Three sated bodies panting. If it weren't for mine and Kathy's releases, I was sure I would have heard Valerie's.
Kathy rose to her knees and looked directly at me. Valerie backed up a bit, just out of my line of sight. We both watched Kathy tilt her head back, work her throat muscles as she swallowed everything I had just delivered to her. I sat up and eagerly kissed her and tasted myself on her 'semen breath'. Valerie was in awe.
"I love you, Kath, my love."
Kiss.
"I love you, Bill, my love."
Kiss.
"You're going to have a smile on your face all day," she grinned, "Go take your shower, I'll be there in a few minutes.
As I disappeared into the shower, Kathy entered Valerie's room and sat on the bed, nude.
"Val, you OK?"
"Yeah. That was... it was the most exciting thing I've ever watched. I'm glad we talked after that last time. I'm glad you made me feel comfortable watching. Watching you, watch me watch you as you took Bill's cock into your mouth. What you did with your tongue. Watching you swallow. You watching me as I touched myself."
"Val, it was exciting for me to watch you. I've never watched another woman touch herself. Too bad I was too busy to watch you cum."
"Maybe next time," Valerie grinned at her friend.
"Yeah... and maybe next time you'll be closer. Get a better view."
Their lip met in an extended 'friends' kiss.
........................................................
Kathy's birthday was on a Thursday.
I brought out the china. Valerie's 'artist' eyes went wide, as I gave her the story on where it came from.
We had planned on a nice dinner. Kathy's favorite: New York strip steak, baked potato, green garden salad, French bread, and a nice Merlot. Friday night we were hitting the local tavern for some fun. Saturday night, we were meeting my parents at the 'Club' for some dancing, and more fun and celebration. Little did they realize what we would really be celebrating.
They were casually sitting at the picnic table in shorts and casual halter tops when I pulled up. Kathy's eyes went wide at the sight of the dozen yellow roses and the birthday cake that I had picked up on the way home.
"I knew you just couldn't just do nothing," her arms around my neck then her lips on mine. "And a birthday cake. With chocolate fudge ice cream. You really know how to charm a girl," she grinned.
"That's my job," I could see Valerie grinning at our exchange.
"That's why I love you so much."
I had suggested that maybe we change into something nicer than shorts and halter tops for Kathy's birthday dinner. I had my reasons. They thought it was a good idea, and disappeared.
I smiled at their return. They had done their eyes, and dressed in my favorite snug fitting tank tops and white shorts. Perfect.
I was getting pretty good at grilling steaks. We had converted Valerie from well done to medium rare. She said that was how her dad had always grilled them and didn't know any different. When she saw how juicy and tender our medium rare steaks were and tasted, she was converted.
I had stacked the record player in the other room with Moody Blues. There was one album I was saving for later; at the end of our meal.
We ate. We drank our wine. We laughed. Three best friends celebrating Kathy's first birthday living together. I brought out the birthday cake, ice cream, and champagne. We sang "Happy Birthday". Kathy blushed. It was cute. We toasted.
I excused myself for a few minutes, and disappeared into the other room. Kathy was distracted when I returned, which was perfect as I slipped my camera into Valerie's hand. She gave me a questioning look. I just smiled and nodded.
Ten minutes later, the soft sounds of the Moody Blues, Ray Thomas, softly started. It was the first time I had played it since that first night that Kathy had arrived. We sat just like we were now; her off to my right side. Valerie across the table.
My boat sails stormy seas
Battles oceans filled with tears
At last my port's in view
Now that I've discovered you...
My eyes were on Kathy's as I took her hands into mine. I gave her a smile, as I mouthed the words. Her eyes sparkling as a gentle smile graced her face. During the musical refrains, I would kiss the back of her hand. My eyes looking deep into those soft blue gray eyes as I 'mouthed' words of the last two lines to her.
...Oh I'd give my life so lightly
For my gentle lady.
Give it freely and completely
To my lady.
I leaned over and kissed her.
"I love you, Kathy, my love."
Kiss.
"I love you, Bill, my love."
Kiss.
We both looked at Valerie, and each said at the same time, "I love you, Valerie."
Then, still holding Kathy's hands, the words that I had kind of practiced, and some that just sprang from my heart came out.
"Kathy. I've never met anyone like you. I've waited my whole life to find someone like you. Things that brought us together. My introduction to Valerie. Her checking me out, that first night, to make sure I wasn't a serial rapist," I got a grin from each.
"You, randomly appearing at her dorm room that one night. The totally coincidental meeting up at the lake. It's like what our very best friend here has told us many time, 'We were made for each other'."
The light suddenly flashed on in Valerie's head. She knew what was coming, as she thought, 'Oh my'. She held her breath. Afraid that if she breathed she would start to cry.
"Kathy, I can't imagine a life without you," Kathy's soft eyes welling. Her smile soft and gentle. I softly rolled her hands between mine.
"I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I want to hold you in my arms forever. I want to wake up next to you, every morning. I want us to grow old together. I don't want to live without you."
She swallowed hard. Her throat throbbing. She was fighting back tears, as she started to realize what was coming next.
Getting on my knees next to her chair, and looking into those watery blue gray eyes, "Kathleen Marie. You are the love of my life. Your fingerprints are all over my heart. Imprinted on my heart.... I promise to handle your heart with care and treasure it forever," swallowing hard and trying to keep my emotions under control, for the time being.
"You're the best thing that has ever happened to me," my voice cracking, "Would you do me the honor of spending the rest of your life with me? I am here to humbly ask... Kathleen Marie, will you marry me?"
My left hand opening as the dainty diamond ring rested in my palm. Suddenly the camera flashed. Valerie was still with us. She had timed it perfectly.
Kathy was on her knees in front of me in an instant. Her arms wrapped around my neck. Her face buried in my shoulder. Another flash. I held her tight as her little body shook. She sobbed and sobbed. I could hear sobs from across the table. Tears streaking down my cheeks.
Pulling back from me, her face tear streaked. Her mascara running. Her eyes bright and the largest smile I have ever seen, followed by a simple, "Yes... Yes Bill, my love. I will marry you. I would be honored to marry you. To be your wife."
We, quite literally, tasted each other's tears as we kissed them from each other's faces. I can honestly say, I'd never before felt such incredible happiness in my entire life.
She held out her left hand and I placed the dainty diamond on her ring finger. It fit. A little loose, we would get it re-sized. Suddenly, her eyes went wide.
"This looks like...This looks like..."
"Yes. It is."
"Where did you get this? When did you get this? How did you get this?"
Valerie sat there confused.
"At your graduation party. Your mom pulled me aside. She knew that in a few weeks you would be coming to live with me. She knew how we felt about each other. That at some point, I would be popping the question. She made me promise, on the threat of your dad and all of your uncles visiting me, that if something, unforeseen, should happen between us, before this moment, that this would be returned to her."
"Wow. She really trusts you. Val, this was my grandmother's engagement ring. My mom knew how much I admired it over the years. How much I loved it. I can't believe she did that. I need to call her."
Then she turned to Valerie, "You knew about this? I mean the camera and all."
"No. I was just sitting here earlier and Bill slipped me the camera under the table. And gave me a look that kind of said 'that I would know when to use it'. It hit me, just after he described meeting you."
We all stood for a warm hug. I got kisses from both my girlfriend and my, now, fiancée. Valerie and I went outside while Kathy called her mom.
She kissed my cheek, as we sat side-by-side on the picnic table, my arm around her shoulder. Her head resting back against my shoulder.
"You are full of surprises. Thank you for making me a part of that. It made me feel very special."
"That's because you are very special, Val. Special to both of us."
Sighing, "I wished I had been proposed to like that. It should have been a warning sign. But, I was too young to know what real and true love was, like I do now. And too stupid and naive to say 'no'."
I heard a sniffle and felt a slight wetness on my shoulder. I gently pulled her into me as she rested her head on my shoulder, as I tried to sooth her from that past, and hurtful, memory.
Whoever hurt her in the past... I wanted to kill the asshole. This tender loving woman didn't deserve something like that. I swore to myself that I would do everything in my power that 'Nobody will ever hurt her again'.
At one point Kathy ran out and said that her parents wanted to talk to me. I had a worried look. Kathy kissed my cheek and told me not to worry.
I got a big 'congratulation' from her mom. And a 'I knew you would do the right thing by our daughter' from her dad.
We rejoined Valerie and Kathy described her conversation.
She said at first, her mom was concerned that something was wrong, as she had never called during the week. When she told her what had happened, they both cried over the phone. Her mom quickly got her dad on the phone and Kathy was able to tell him the same thing. Then she came and got me. This whole time, Kathy was clutching my arm tight to her chest, the smile never leaving her face.
Valerie looked at us and said, "OK you two love birds. I know it's still early; but, why don't you two go off and do what love birds do. I'll clean up here... Oh, and Kath... make as much noise as you want. I've bought a special pair of ear plugs," Kathy turned beet red. I loved it.
We weren't going to argue. I gave Valerie a huge hug and an even bigger kiss.
Kathy and I took a long warm shower and then did just that. We made love to each other. Not once. Not twice. But three wonderful and glorious times. Another first for us. Man, I loved those vitamins. No fucking. Just slow and tender love.
We explored each other's body like it was our first time together. Tasted every square inch of soft smooth flesh. Held each other closer and tighter than ever, if that was possible. Relishing the feeling as I slowly moved in and out of her tight warmth. The feeling of her nails gliding across my back as she lay beneath me, fully imbedded in her. The scent of her arousal permeating the still air of our room. The sounds of our names being whispered to each other as we tenderly mated. Basking in the afterglow of our reuniting... our bonding. Our hearts, minds, and souls becoming 'one'.
"I love you, Kathleen Marie, my love."
Kiss.
"I love you, Bill, my love. Thank you for making me feel like the most beautiful woman in the world."
"Kiss."
"That's because you are, and always will be."
We each slept peacefully and contentedly.
On her way to bed, Valerie peeked in. She smiled at our intertwined bare bodies, and thought, 'You two are made for each other'.
..........................................
Kathy, Valerie, and I had become 'regulars' at the local tavern. Instead of meeting there after work, we all met at home. Everybody changed into something casual. The girls into one of my favorite tank tops, short white shorts, and white sandals. Lots of smooth tanned skin on display along with two pairs of firm pert mounds.
Kathy told us that it took maybe an half an hour at her work before one of her co-workers noticed the ring. News of Kathy's engagement spread like wildfire through the company. Even the CEO stopped by to congratulate her. Kathy was still beaming.
Valerie announced to the bartender/owner that it had been Kathy's birthday the day before. That got Kathy a free drink. Then she held up Kathy's hand and proudly displayed the birthday present she received from me. We didn't have to buy a drink the rest of the night. I left a very nice tip.
Everybody was in a playful mood... loosened by the copious amount of drinks. Tops were gone before we were out of the tavern's parking lot, followed by shorts and then panties. Kathy's hand worked its way into my shorts and pulled me free. You ever try driving while two naked girls are sitting next to you and one just pulled your dick out?
Then Kathy said, "Lose the shirt and everything else."
I knew the drill. First dark side road. In front of the car. Headlights on 'high beam'. Strip. Pose and listen to the hoots and hollers from inside the car.
We drove around. The girls singing to some random song on the radio. Bouncing up and down in the seat. Four sets of little mounds of flesh dancing on their chests. Well, as much as four sets of firm little mounds of flesh can dance. It was fun. Kathy's hand clasped around my dick the whole time. Occasionally I would get playful kisses on my cheek.
I leaned over and hissed her ear, "You're going to get a thorough Fucking tonight."
"I hope so," she hissed back at me, with a playful grin, as she gave me one more squeeze.
Valerie was going to have to wear two sets of ear plugs.
We headed to the water; but, not before Kathy stowed the ring safely in her jewelry box. She would later only wear it when we would go out, or to work. Never... ever around the house.
Water-play was fun, even in the dark. I had soft breasts against my sides, my back, and my chest. My dick would rub against soft butt cheeks a number of time. With Kathy I would slide between her soft mounds along the tight valley, grazing her rosebud. With Valerie I was extremely careful not to.
...........................
I didn't know where Valerie disappeared to. At that moment I didn't care. She could have been standing in the doorway for all I knew. Right then, I had only one thing on my mind. To Fuck my new fiancé for the first time.
I forcefully flipped Kathy onto her stomach, arms stretched out in front of her. She rose that smooth butt as high in the air as she could. Her head buried in the pillow putting her in a totally submissive position. Ready for me to 'take her' and 'take her' and 'take her'.
"Come on you," she hissed as she looked at my reflection from the mirror, "You told me you were going to Fuck me.... So... Come on.... Fuck your fiancé for the first time."
'I'm going to fuck you until you can't remember your name," I growled. She looked back over her shoulder with a wide grin.
Like I said, I didn't know where Valerie was. I did know that there was no way she couldn't, or didn't, hear that. I coated my length with her copious wetness, as I slid between her swollen folds.
"What are you waiting for? Stick it in me... all the way in!!!"
And I did. One forceful thrust and my balls met the back of her hand as her fingers were vigorously working her clit.
"Oh shit," she gasped.
I pounded her with long forceful thrusts. Each thrust sent her little breasts swaying back and forth. Her rock hard nipples grazing the sheet. Gasps of air being expelled from her lungs with each deep penetration. The room was filled with grunts and the sounds of my thighs slapping against her quivering mounds.
What we didn't know, was that we had an audience.
Valerie stood naked in the hallway. One hand vigorously working her needy and engorged clit while the other had her nipple between her thumb and index finger in a vise grip, almost to the point of pain.
She figured this wasn't an 'intimate' moment. This was pure raw sex, so it was OK to watch. She was right. It was, obviously, something she had never witnessed. The raw animal passion that was playing out right in front of her was drawing her into our primal coupling like a powerful magnet.
"I'm going to cum," I gasped.
"Wait for me. I'm almost there.... sooo close. God, I'm so close."
"Me too," Valerie gasped from the hallway.
I leaned in and filled her deeply. My hanging scrotum resting on her fingers as they frantically moved to bring herself to her desperately needed release.
Unknown to us... Valerie came first. Her knees buckling as the most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced exploded deep within her little body. She sank to the carpet and collapsed in heap of quivering flesh.
Moments later, I felt Kathy's inner walls clamp down on my trapped member. A low primal growl filled the room and echoed into the night.
A dozen of hard strokes later, I buried myself into my new fiancé and filled that molten hot cavern with rope upon robe of thick white sperm.
We collapsed in a mass of our own sated flesh. Our breathing consuming us.
Rolling to my side. Kathy cuddled against me. Her head on my shoulder.
"That was fun. Last night you made love to your new fiancée for the first time. Tonight, you fucked your new fiancée for the first time."
"And I can't wait to make love to my wife for the first time. And then to fuck my wife for the first time."
"Me neither... Me neither," that last phrase softer than the first.
Our lips met.
"I love you, Bill, my love."
Kiss.
"I love you, Kathy, my love."
....................................
Saturday afternoon, we all went to a jeweler to get the ring re-sized to fit tighter and more secure.
We looked at a few engagement rings that were in a display case. I asked her if she want to pick one out and wear it instead of her grandmother's ring. That it would be something from me. Kathy looked into my eyes, smiled, and said 'No'. That the words I said to her, on my knees, meant more to her than anything I could ever buy or give to her. That she would proudly wear this ring with those words permanently etched into her heart.
He was an older gentleman. Maybe late fifties with wispy fine gray hair and a warm infectious smile.
At one point we watched him stare intently at the diamond. Then he produced his loupe from his pocket to more closely study the stone.
Looking at Kathy, "May I?"
She nodded.
While not a large diamond, probably a little over half a caret, it was a perfect size for Kathy's dainty finger, and sparkled as the light was reflected back through the many facets.
"Where did you get this?" he asked.
"It was my grandmother's. My mom wanted me to have it when I got engaged. Why?"
"I figured it had to be a family heirloom. It's has what they call an 'ideal cut', very rare. The stone is virtually colorless. I haven't seen a gem like this in many, many decades. In today's market, it would be very rare, and very expensive. You're one lucky girl. Cherish it... Almost as much as you cherish him," he gave each of us a warm smile before adding, "Yes. I saw it when you two first walked in. Not only a newly engaged woman, beaming," he said looking at Kathy with a warm smile,
"But, a couple deeply in love."
Kathy blushed. Looked at me, her eyes sparkling, and hugged me closer.
...................................
That night the girls were dressed in their new sundresses. For Kathy, it was the second time she had worn it. For Valerie the first time.
I was, once again, in total awe at the simple display of smooth tanned skin. The soft gentle contours of the inner swells of their breasts, and their smooth backs. Their eyes highlighted. Lashes long and separated. Thin and delicate eyebrows, their soft colors matching... well, you know. Lips soft and glossy. The delicate gold chain that graced their long elegant necks with a gold charm that sat in that smooth valley between their breasts. And then there's Kathy's smile. They were going to make the older men drool. My dad was going to be in heaven. Especially after our revelation.
We stopped for our favorite pizza. Kept the mood light.
The only others in the dining area, were two teenage couples, sitting together. To say that the guy's eyes nearly fell out of the sockets, when we arrived, would have been a gross understatement.
I watched as each would try to steal subtle glimpses of the exposed tanned flesh and the gentle swells. At one point, one of the female dates, turned to see what had their attention. A frown formed. She turned back to face her own date. I watched as his expression changed dramatically. The second female turned in our direction to see what all the fuss was about. Her date's eyes also fell. It was obvious that the guys were 'shut down' for the night, and possibly longer.
Oh well. I would later relay what had happened to Kathy and Valerie. They would each chuckle, and say that the guys deserved it, by disrespecting their dates.
Kathy then recounted the story about the first time we had met up that afternoon on the college beach. She with her big-boobed dorm-mates, and the massive amount of cleavage that was on display. Then she added, after kissing my cheek, that I kept my eyes totally on her and only her. Smiling, and then adding that she did catch me, as few times, checking out her little chest. I smiled at that memory.
"Yep. That sounds like Bill," I looked over and saw a grinning Valerie.
My parents knew we were joining them that night, to celebrate Kathy's birthday. What they didn't expect were the new sundresses. To say that my parents were surprised when they entered the bar area would have been an understatement.
Kathy noticed it, and quietly asked my mom, "Too much?"
My mom shook her head and quietly said, "No. Not at all. Like I said last time. You look really good. There are very few women that could wear something like that, and look as good as you two do," smiling and quietly adding, "Small breasts do have an advantage."
I saw Kathy blush, and then smile.
Then my mom said to both Kathy and Valerie, "You know, you two are going to be the cause of a multitude of heart attacks here tonight. And also make my Bill one happy man to have each of you on the dance floor. And if any of their wives have a problem... they can take it up with me."
That last sentence was said with a protective and determined tone. Kathy had never heard my mom speak like that, in that kind of tone. She inwardly smiled. Knowing how much my mom loved her, and would do anything for her. To stand up to her friends for her, just like her mom would.
We toasted to Kathy's birthday.
I watched, as Kathy innocently brushed a stray hair off her face with her left hand. The overhead light produced enough light to create a brief moment of a sparkle, in the otherwise dimly lit area.
Valerie saw it first. My mom's eyes flew open and her mouth dropped in total shock.
"You're... You're engaged...? You're engaged!!!" her voice rising above the background noise of the bar, as the reality of the discovery hit her.
My dad turned, and looked at Kathy's hand that was now in my mom's hand. I saw tears streaming down my mom's cheek. My mom stood and I watched with immense pride as they embraced. Followed by my dad. His face beaming.
We explained that we hadn't planned on letting them find out 'by accident'.
We did tell them about the previous night at the tavern, and how Valerie made the announcement to our 'bar friends'. That was the only description they got of the activities of that evening.
Kathy replayed the 'when' and 'what' of the moment and said that Valerie had captured a few photos, which we were going to make many copies of. My mom commented on the ring. Kathy gleefully explained that it was her grandmother's and then went on to explain how I had possession of it.
My mom raised her eyebrow, looked at me, and said, "Wow. I don't know if I could have been so trusting with a ring that belonged to my mother. Handing it over to a guy that I hoped would someday marry my daughter."
I explained the dire consequences I would suffer, if anything happened to it, or us. That got a round of laughter.
I was standing next to Kathy, and behind Valerie, who was seated at the bar. I put my hands on her bare shoulders, and gently squeezed. Her right hand came up and rested on top of mine.
"None of this would have ever happened if I hadn't been introduced to this fine lady here... our very very best friend. Who became my very good friend. Who introduced us, on a random evening. Who told us over and over again, that 'We were made for each other'."
Valerie's eyes had welled up, as were Kathy's. Valerie stood and wrapped her arms around my neck.
I held her tight and whispered in her ear, "I love you Valerie."
Followed by a 'full lip kiss'. We didn't care if we had a huge audience. We did.
We all celebrated the two occasions. Both my mom and dad were quick, and eager, to introduce Kathy as my now fiancée to anybody, and everybody that walked by.
Later, my dad pulled me aside into a quiet room and told my how proud he was of me. Taking the first big step with a lovely lady. That I was a lucky guy. We each hugged each other. I couldn't remember the last time we did that. I made a mental note not to let any opportunity in the future pass, where I could feel his strength and love.
My dad's dance card was once again filled. Each polka, or lively dance, found him out there with either Kathy or Valerie. The way their hips would sway to the music, causing the backs of their dresses to flutter against their smooth tanned thighs. My dad's hand resting on the small of their bare backs was enticing. He was the envy of every male there.
The three of us slow danced together. I slow danced with each of them. Their arms wrapped around my neck, causing the hem of the dresses to ride up a couple of inches... more tanned thighs. My hands clasped on their bare backs. Their heads resting on my shoulder.
We stayed until the music ended. I wasn't ready for the evening to end. We wound up in an all-night restaurant for some breakfast.
We got back around 2:00. There was no 'play'. We were each content. Kathy invited Valerie into our bed for a bit of close bare cuddling, as the closeness between the three of us was refreshed. It had been a while since Valerie and I had shared this type of closeness. It felt good.
She rolled on top of me. Our lips meeting.
"I love you, Bill."
Kiss.
"I love you, Valerie."
Kathy had scooted over.
"I love you, Valerie,"
Kiss.
"I love you, Kathy."
.........................................
We back got into our routines. Kathy and I heading off to our jobs. Valerie her classes. Valerie doing her homework. Preparing meals. The crock pot was getting more use. I surprised them once with my mom's meatloaf. They both loved their own mom's meatloaf; but, did admit this was the best they had ever had.
I returned one night after work. Kathy and Valerie were sitting at the picnic table in shorts and tank tops, with a couple of wine coolers. I kissed each and made my way up to our bedroom to change.
Entering our room, my heart stopped. Hanging above our bed were the complete and exact words I used when I proposed to Kathy. It was done on a type of paper that looked like parchment... light tan with 'crinkles', matted and framed in a dark wood. But, what really took my breath away was the style of the lettering... all done in black calligraphy letters that flowed with emotion. Valerie was one very talented artist. Reading the words once again, I stood there and silently wept. I felt the comforting arms of my fiancée embrace me from behind. Her soft lips on my neck. Her head on my shoulder. I brought her around in front of me and hugged her like there was no tomorrow, as her tears joined mine.
"Kath... this is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. Next to you, of course," that brought a gentle smile.
"It was Valerie's idea. First she was just going to print the words. Then she had the idea to do it in calligraphy. At first, it was just on a piece of her art paper. Then, one day, she came home with this kind of paper she had found in the school's art store. Once she had it done, we both decided it needed to be framed, and hung in a very private and prominent spot... above our bed."
"It will always be above our bed."
I held Valerie in my arms. I held her tight, and wept into her shoulder... it was a first.
...........................................
About once a month, Valerie would visit her parents for the weekend. Kathy and I took advantage of this 'alone' time to rekindle. When Valerie would return, she always remarked on Kathy's 'glow'. It was cute to watch Kathy blush.
Valerie continued to enjoy Kathy's occasional early morning 'blowjob' shows. She was never brave enough to come any closer than the doorway. And I never knew. That was fine.
In a nutshell... it was fun. It was relaxing. There was never any drama between the three of us. We were friends... very very good... close friends. Our friends at the tavern noticed it. None of the guys there ever tried to pick up Valerie. Well one time, while I had gone to the men's room, some guy had approached her and made a 'suggestive' comment. He was quickly, and forcefully, informed to 'back off' and 'get out'. I never knew, which was fine. Otherwise, I would have gone looking for him.
..........................................
Fall was coming. We knew our days of basking, nude, in the sun were coming to a close. The holidays were coming.
We weren't planning on doing our 'own' Thanksgiving dinner. None of us had any experience at that. We did; however, pick up a decent sized turkey for our little freezer, as the price were so low, they were almost giving them away. We figured we would tackle that on a cold winter weekend. The leftovers would let our food budget jar get fatter.
Valerie was planning on leaving the day before Thanksgiving to drive to her parent's. She figured Thursday and Friday with her parents, and friends, would be enough, and would be back Saturday afternoon. She then added, with her usual, 'Valerie grin' that that should give us enough time to wear each other out. Kathy blushed. I loved it.
Kathy and I were going over for a big dinner at my parents.
She looked great. Casually dressed in a light weight powder blue sweater with a high gentle opening that went from mid-collarbone to mid-collarbone. A delicate gold cross rested at the base of her neck. The material hugged her little mounds. She knew we would be taking a walk later, so she wore a casual pair of slacks and shoes.
My mom had told me that the rest of the family still didn't know our exact living arrangement, as she still figured it was none of their business. She hadn't told them about our engagement, as she was saving that for us to share.
We got there late in the morning, after some early morning 'quality' time. Kathy did have a 'glow'. I wasn't sure if it was from our activities or that she got to wear her ring in front of all of my family for the first time. Whatever it was, she beamed, and was at my side the whole time.
Like the previous year, once everything had been dished out, we bowed our heads and my dad folded his large hands in front of him and gave the blessing. He gave thanks for family. For all of our health.
Then I watched as he reached over and took Kathy's left hand in his own. It disappeared, as his other hand covered it. Then...
"Lord. We give special thanks for this lovely lady, who is once again gracing our table. Who will be at our table many... many times in the future..." then, looking directly at her with a huge smile, "As our daughter-in-law. Bless them, and guide them in their shared journey. Amen."
Kathy's eyes were welling up, as she reached over with her right hand and laid on top of my dad's. I saw my mom watching. I thought she was going to lose it. I was about to lose it.
The rest of the family sat there dumb-struck. My dad proudly held up Kathy's left hand. The diamond sparkled with a brilliance I had never witnessed. It was like Kathy's 'energy' made the clear stone become alive. I first heard gasps.
'Congratulations'. And then toasts. Kathy leaned her head on my shoulder. I kissed her forehead.
Questions of 'dates' were coming up. We really hadn't thought too much about it. We had talked, about maybe 'Octoberish?'. We wanted to build up some vacation time, and figured by then, we would each have two weeks available. But beyond that, we hadn't.
Besides, guys don't worry about wedding stuff. We just show up when we're supposed to. Stand where we're told to. And repeat what we're told to repeat. What's the problem?
After dinner and desert of apple pie, vanilla ice cream, and sharp cheddar cheese. My mom shooed Kathy out of the kitchen while the rest my aunts cleaned up. We decided to go for a walk.
It hadn't snowed yet; but, the temperatures were in the upper twenties and nice and sunny.
We could feel all eyes on us as we each wrapped our arms around the other's waist. We headed toward the back of the farm, out of prying eyes for a bit of 'alone' time. Kathy rested her head against my shoulder, and I rested my cheek against that soft blonde hair. I gave her a squeeze. She grinned, gave me a squeeze, and then leaned up and kissed my cheek.
"I really love your dad."
"I know. And he loves you like a daughter."
"I know. And your mom. She's always been so warm and loving to me. Just like my mom."
"I know. From the moment you stepped out of your car last summer. I knew you would be accepted."
Out of sight from everyone, "Kiss me Bill."
.............................................
The ride home was quiet and tender. We talked about my relatives. Some loud and boisterous. Some quiet. Kathy said it reminded of her own family. I could tell she was missing them on this holiday. We were going to have to figure something out for Christmas. Something where we would be able to see both sets of parents and families. We'd talk about it... later.
We were laden down with leftovers: turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes, gravy, and yes... apple pie and cheddar cheese. Valerie was going to experience this German combination.
It was still relatively early, once we had things stored away. We stood in our kitchen. Kathy, resting her forearms on my shoulders. My hands on her waist. Her eyes sparkled mischievously. Her grin 'playful'.
"So... what do you think we should do now?" she asked... those eyes becoming even more playful.
OK. I can play this game.
"Well, we could watch TV."
"Could... I wonder what the weather's going to be like tomorrow... or the next day."
"Maybe we could find a football game."
"Or, we could play scrabble."
"Not unless you want to lose," she grinned. I cringed at the last time I played with her and Valerie. I got my butt kicked. Not once; but, twice.
"Probably not a good idea. Maybe cards."
"Not too many games you can play with two people."
My voice now soft, "Or I take you upstairs," hesitating, "Undress you. Then wash and soap your entire luscious sexy body until the hot water runs out. Then, dry each and every square inch of your... my body."
"Yes. My body is yours... all yours. Every part of me is yours," her voice soft and whispery.
"Then, I have two options... Option one... I take you to bed and fuck you silly," kissing her cheek.
I could feel her squirm as that real possibility sunk in.
"Or option two... I take you to bed and give you all the love you desire and deserve.
"Are your inner thighs nice and smooth? So that I can rub my cheeks against them when I am making love to and inhaling the fragrance of your opened flower?"
I got a smile and a soft kiss.
"Are your balls all smooth... smooth as a baby's butt? So that I can run my soft, wet, pink tongue all over your smooth sack. And then suck each of your balls into my warm mouth, while you watch me. And then your whole sack... while you watch me."
I felt my dick throb. I knew that drops of pre-cum and had just been squeezed out. Our lips meeting in a soft warm extended kiss. Her body melting into my own.
Picking her up in my arms. Her arms wrapped around my neck. Our eyes boring deep into each other's.
"I'm going for option..." hesitating, "Two."
......................................
My hands glided all over her soft soapy body. Standing behind her with my extremely hard dick sandwiched between her soft cheeks. Her hands locked behind my head. Hard nipples jutting from her flattened chest begging for attention. I inhaled her shampoo from that golden blonde hair that was inches from my face as she rested her head comfortably against my shoulder.
The palms of my hands gliding over the erect nipples, catching each in a 'V' between thumb and forefinger. I never ever use a washcloth... they get in the way of the feeling of love. Kathy's eyes closed and soft sounds of contentment filled the shower stall.
I stroked my hardness through the soft slippery valley between her soft cheeks.
"You like sliding between my butt cheeks?"
"Yes, almost as much as I like sliding in and out of you... I said almost as much. Nothing feels as good as being inside of you," my hands still gliding over her slick hard nipples.
"So, where do you like being inside of me the most? My warm mouth? Or my hot pussy?" her voice hushed as she continues to focus on the feeling of my palms against her nipples while at the same time pressing her backside against me.
"Nothing feels as good your hot tight pussy. And when you ride me reverse and lean forward... I can watch, as those beautiful pink pussy lips glide over my cock as you roll your hips. But then, when I'm in your mouth, I can watch these lips," leaning around to kiss her, "glide over my dick. I can watch your tongue roll around the pink head. I can watch you... watch me... watch you."
My dick throbs between her cheeks. She flexes her butt muscles.
"I can tell. I love watching you watch me. And since you've cum in both places... I know you like to be in each."
I settled the love of my life into our bed. There was nothing else in the world but her, my priceless Kathy. I was filled with a desperate need to show my love how much I cherished her.
Once again, my eyes devoured the utter beauty, and grace, of the gentle landscape that lay before me. Her delicate face framed in her shoulder length blonde hair. The soft blue gray eyes, warm and inviting. The soft pink lips... moistened by her warm wet pink tongue. Kathy's appreciative smile as she soaked up my longing gazes. My eyes continued down her long silky smooth neck, across that wide valley between her breasts... and those breasts. How two small mounds of flesh, each topped with pink nipples surrounded by cinnamon areola can capture and draw me toward them like a moth to a flame, is beyond my comprehension.
Kathy smiled. Her hands reaching up to cup and gently knead her breasts.
"I know I've said it many, many, times before. And I am going to say it again... Nobody... and I mean nobody has ever... ever in all of my life given these two little mounds the amount of attention and loving appreciation as you have, and do... my love," her voice cracking.
The journey, of my eyes, down her body ceased. I needed to hold her. She needed me to hold her. Some deep and hidden emotions had just surfaced. Something, I had never seen before. I laid down beside her and Kathy's body instantly covered mine. Her head on my shoulder. I felt tears. I held her close.
"I don't know why that just happened," she sniffled and wiping her eyes. "I mean... every other time when I would watch when you would look at my little boobs, it would make feel all warm and fuzzy inside," her voice changing to a soft, almost a whisper, "This time was the same, except this time... it really hit me at how much you really... really enjoy my little bumps.
"I've never told you this. It's something that I thought was long forgotten, buried deep inside. All through school, junior high and high school, I was the girl with no boobs. The only girl. You have any idea of what it was like in gym class...? Taking showers with girls with so much cleavage, that they could give me a quarter and would still have plenty left over for all the ogling hormone raged teenaged guys. Guys never looked at my chest... there was nothing to look at," I heard a soft sniffle as she wiped away a tear.
"I would cry on my mom's shoulder. She understood. You probably noticed her boobs are a little bit bigger than mine; but, only because she's had two kids. She went through the same thing in school. I don't know if I want to tell you this; but, that boyfriend I had, I probably shouldn't even acknowledge that he was that. He would just look at them and smirk."
I kissed her softly, and lightly stroked her back. This was the first time I had heard about her emotional past... about her insecurities about her body. Kids are cruel... that 'boyfriend' was not a 'boyfriend'... he as an asshole. Someone who didn't deserve a princess, like the princess that I protectively held against me.
I held her tighter. I held her, hoping I could somehow absorb all of her past hurt into my own heart. I was going to say something about that asshole; but, she wasn't done, as she continued... her voice soft... almost a whisper, as she rested her head on my chest and toyed her fingers through my sparse chest hair.
"It wasn't until I met you that I felt good about them. That first night, when you gave my boobs and nipples all kinds of loving attention, not because you felt that you needed to; but, because you wanted to. Then later, when you wanted to see them, with the light on. I was so embarrassed at first, and was going to say 'no'.... at least 'not yet'. But, something inside of me told me that this time would be different. But then the way you looked at me... at my boobs... the appreciative smile. I knew I had found someone who really appreciated me. And then later, you wanted to really see them in the full light of day," her voice cracking, as she hesitated. My hands continually stroking her back, as I tried to comfort her.
"The way I would feel your dick move inside of me when I sat on it and in my 'Pose', which I know you loved. The smile on your face as you looked at me. Every time it brought a smile to my face and a warming deep inside of me of how much you appreciated this skinny and almost boobless body."
I was going to say something; but, I knew she wasn't done.
"Always wanting me to wear something that would show off my little chest," now I could hear the smile.
"You know you're the reason. From our first, I'll call it 'date' that I decided to wear that stretchy top because I saw how you would steal little glances of my little boobs at the lake, when you thought I wasn't looking," I smiled as I could 'hear' Kathy smile as we each recalled that afternoon.
"Actually, I borrowed it from Valerie. It was her idea. It did take some coaxing though. I mean, I never wore stuff that would show the world how little I was on top. But, I remember seeing your eyes when I got off the elevator, and I knew I made a good choice and that you were somebody special."
"I'm sorry to throw all of this at you. I'm sorry I ruined the mood. I mean downstairs was fun. The shower was wonderful. And then I just threw cold water on everything. Everything has been like a dream come true."
"Kath, it's what couples do. They talk. They share their deep emotions with each other. I'll admit, we've never had this kind of conversation. It's what brings us together. I love it that you can talk to me about anything that is so personal and bothering you. But, believe me... you could never... ever cool, or douse, the deep fire that burns inside of me for you," my voice cracking over that last sentence. Our lips meeting in a long and tender kiss.
"And for the record. Kathy. You don't have a skinny and 'almost boobless' body... You have beautiful and sexy breasts. You are the most beautiful sexual creature to ever grace my life, or this planet. And always... always know that I love you, and always will."
Our lips meeting in a passion, and emotion filled kiss.
"I love you, Bill. Make love to me. I sooo need you to make love to me."
Kiss.
"I love you, Kathy."
And I did. After listening to what she just told me. Baring her deepest emotions... all those past insecurities... the hurts, I was going to make this special.
I slowly worshiped each of her breasts with my mouth. My lips. My tongue. Tenderly pulling on the sensitive pebbles with my lips. Gently massaging the soft underlying flesh. Kissing the outer edges of each of her tanned soft flattened mounds. My mouth inhaling as much of that supple flesh as possible. Her hands gently combing through my hair. I would look up to see her eyes closed and a gentle contented smile. Hearing my name being softly cooed as she casually combed her fingers through my hair.
"mmmm... Oh yes... Bill... Ohhh... I don't care if we don't do anything else tonight... you have me in heaven. I so love you."
I did feel her body do a couple of satisfying 'jolts' followed by tender smiles.
Sometime later, "Bill... as much as I don't want you to stop you from worshiping my breasts. My nipples are getting sore."
"Sorry. I should have stopped earlier."
"No. Not at all... I was in heaven. I was in a peaceful calm heaven. Coming to peace with myself, for the first time in my life.
"They're not 'boobs' to me anymore. They are my breasts. My beautiful and sexy breasts. My beautiful, sexy, little breasts. They became 'breasts' because of you," her voice cracking.
"Until tonight, until just now, they had always been my 'boobs'. My 'bumps', or whatever other demeaning thing I could think of. It took tonight for me to realize just how lucky I am to have a man who made me appreciate everything that I have, and who appreciates everything I have.
"We don't have to 'make love'. You've already made love to me in a way I could never imagine, envision, or dream of. Come up here and kiss me. Hold me. Hold me tight," her voice soft but cracking at that last sentence.
And that's how we feel asleep. I buried my face into her hair, breathing in the light scent of flowers as we drifted into a world of dreams, contentment and peace.
.......................................
Two weeks later, I came home to a Kathy that leaped into my arms as soon as I entered the door. Followed by a big kiss. Followed by her taking my hand and leading me to our room and shutting the door, with a slam. Followed by her stripping my clothes off and then hers as fast as she could. Pushing me onto our bed. Straddling my hips I was shocked when she slammed down on my hard cock, impaling herself, and started riding me like there was no tomorrow. She was dripping wet and we had no foreplay at all. My eyes rolled back as the slapping sound of our flesh filled the room. Her body pounded into me as she screamed out, announcing her orgasm. She felt incredible as I felt her tight pussy squeeze me, milking me as she rode me. Her fingernails dug into my chest as she threw her head back in bliss. The pain on my chest was trumped by the pleasure below my waist and I was close to cumming.
I flipped her over onto her back. Kathy opened her legs to the maximum. I sank into that hot wet portal, and continued with a fucking of my own.
All this time... not a word spoken.
"Kathy, you feel so good. I'm close," my breathing ragged... desperate.
"Yes, Bill. Cum inside of me. Fill me with your love."
I saw black spots as I shot spurt after spurt into her, as far into her womb as I could.
I collapsed in a hot heap on her chest.
"Well, I'm really happy to see you're glad I'm home," I chuckled.
That brought a series of laughs as she nuzzled her cheek against my shoulder. I slipped out of her and rolled to my side.
I saw a huge smile.
"Remember when I accepted my job, and they said that after 90 day probation, that I could get up to a 7% increase. Today was my 90 day anniversary... And... I got 8.5% increase."
"I'm so proud of you Kath. I knew you could do it. Does this mean I can expect the same welcome with each of your raises?"
"Maybe."
"By the way, where's Valerie?"
"Probably reading or watching TV with her ear plugs," she grinned. "You know, in a couple of weeks, Christmas will be here."
"Yeah," I said as Kathy causally rested her head on my shoulder.
"That means... we'll be here... by ourselves... Wednesday evening, Thursday morning, Thursday night, all day and night on Friday, then Saturday until Valerie gets here some time Saturday afternoon."
Kissing my cheek.
"We are going to have to get you some more vitamins... lots and lots of vitamins."