Here I was, asked to pick a day when I had to stay naked thru out the day. Being the person who usually dominated my husband Vivek, I was now being dominated by him. Since there was no way I could get away from this, I decided to pick a day. We had a maid servant, Suja, who came in every day from 8 AM to 1 PM. If I was to remain naked, I had to give her a day off. I did not want to roam naked in-front of her in my house and let her see my humiliation. Luckily for me, she asked her day off on Saturday and I was happy that way, so now I did not have to pay her for that day. I cancelled the milk man as well for the day.
On Friday, as I was sitting with Vivek and watching a movie, he popped the question "So have you decided the day to be naked?"
I replied confidently "Tomorrow it will be, no changes. I will be go to bed naked today and remain like that till I go to sleep tomorrow, I honor my deals, my boy with a Kunji." I wanted to tease him and rub it on him that he had a small penis.
"Ok, I will make my plans..."
Tring...Tring... It was Viveks, phone ringing as soon as he said about some plans. I heard him talking over the phone to someone, about office work. "No way, but tomorrow is Saturday. Are we not entitled to a day off? Ok, I will do it. Bye."
I could sense Vivek was angry. He came and sat down. I looked at him and he was furious.
I asked "What happened?"
"I need to go to office tomorrow, for half day." He said.
"Ha ha ha..." I started laughing from relief. If he is gone for half day and with the to and fro from office, he will be lucky if saw me naked at all tomorrow.
"Well, your loss. I will be naked thru the day as I promised." I was relieved now that he will not be able to make me do any humiliating things now.
I was now feeling sleepy and suggested we go to sleep. Vivek followed me into bedroom, I could see that he was actually angry, but I was happy that things were going my way. As we got into the bedroom, I removed my robe and all my clothes, teased Vivek by doing a few stretch exercises in-front of him naked. He was getting horny and I could see that on his face. I got under the sheets and said good night to Vivek. As he approached to squeeze my boobs, I pushed his hands away. He understood that he was not getting anything tonight. I thanked my stars and went to sleep naked.
I woke up around 7:15 AM and saw Vivek was already up and talking on the phone. He was looking happier than he was yesterday. I was naked, except for my anklet and my waist chain, with the loose end of the waist chain hanging on to my thighs. This waist chain made me look even sexier to Vivek. It was hard sometimes to maintain the waist chain as the small beads at the end of the loose hanging end got into my ass crack at times, but I loved to wear them to tease Vivek.
Vivek finished his call and looked at me and smiled. "My sexy bitch, I have you today. I don't need to go to office." He had that wicked smile on his face, which made me draw the covers over my boobs, which was on full display.
"Not so fast, you know the rules, no clothes for you today. You told them yourself."
After all, not my lucky day, I thought to myself. I was wondering what plan was Vivek scheming for my humiliation. I slowly got out of my bed, slowly went to Vivek and put my hands thru his dothi opening and started rubbing around his pubic region as if searching for something.
"Where is your kunji (my name for his tiny penis), my boy?" I teased him as I got hold of his balls gently and started stroking his dick. He got into mood immediately.
"I will give you so many more of this, just be gentle and don't make me do anything. Ok?" I was half pleading, half pleasing and teasing Vivek.
He immediately understood what I was upto and pushed my hand away saying, "I want to be in full mood, so I can think of new ways to humiliate you today. Ha ha ha..."
"Ok, go and take your bath now. Have you thought what you will do when the maid and the milk man come today?" Vivek asked as he was not aware that the maid was on leave and I had asked the milk man not to come today.
I said "Lets see as they come." Saying this and leaving the look of surprise on Vivek, I went into the bathroom.
I was taking a long time in the bathroom, partially because I wanted to reduce the time Vivek had, to play with me. That's when the calling bell rang. As I was wondering who could that be, and wanting to hear who that was, I closed the tap. What I heard sent shivers down my spine, it was Suja, our servant. What was she doing here? She was supposed to be on leave. I realized with shock that, she must have cancelled her leave to earn the one days wages as well. I should have given her day off with pay. I didn't know what to do now.
"Veena, Suja is here." I heard Vivek, knocking on the door of the bathroom and announcing Suja's arrival.
"You can't stay there for ever. Come out now." Vivek continued.
I thought, Suja must be wondering what Vivek was upto. Suja is around 45 years old and a widow. I always kept her on a tight leash, and shouted at her if the work was not done properly. I had to be the boss, else I knew she would not do the work properly. I had in-fact made her cry once as well.
Suja wore a long blouse, no bra as it was not a practice in the village, a long skirt. I had once seen that she wore no panties as well. Her clothes were thick and not transparent, so nothing was visible, except for her belly button, as the blouse stopped short of her belly. She was a tan brown, with flawless skin. A bit plump and a good ass and boob. She continued to come to work for me, in spite of my being hard on her, because she needed the money.
I heard a click on the bathroom door, it was Vivek. He used the spare keys to open the door of the bathroom. I pulled the shower curtain to hide myself. He came to me with the towel and started pulling me out of the shower tub. I came out and took the towel and dried myself up, all the while trying to see if Suja was anywhere nearby.
"Come out now, Suja is here. Give her today's work." Vivek was stern in commanding me.
I started drying myself as Vivek walked out of the bathroom. I tied the towel around my boobs, it was just wide enough to cover my boobs and fall to thighs covering my ass and pussy. But if I for any reason bent down, anybody standing behind would be able to see my ass and pussy. I thought Vivek was being kind by giving me my towel to cover up. I walked up and not wanting to push my luck any further went to the kitchen, where Suja was about to sweep the floors. She was a bit surprised to see me wearing only a towel. She had never seen me like that. I was in no mood to take up the issue of her coming today and spend more time discussing that with my servant with me wearing only a towel.
That's when Vivek walked in. He said, "Suja, you see, Veena and I had a bet and she lost, so she has to remain naked today and obey my commands." Suja smiled and nodded.
Vivek continued, "Veena, you will sweep the floors today. Suja, you can cook the food and later check if the cleaning is done properly. Ok?"
Suja was happy hearing this. I understood what Vivek was upto, he wanted Suja to humiliate me and he wanted to enjoy seeing my ass and pussy while I clean the floor as I will have to bend to do the sweeping.
I did not want to make a fuss, fearing if Vivek took my towel away, I can't even imagine facing that situation. Atleast he was not mentioning to take my towel away. So I took the broom from Suja and started sweeping the floors. I had to bend to do so, but I avoided showing anything to Suja. Vivek, though had a feast, and he was enjoying my distress.
Suja got into preparing the food as I was cleaning the house. Time flew and Suja completed her work quickly. I was also near completion. Suja, came to the main room, where Vivek was reading the paper and I was finishing the cleaning. The cleaning was slow, as I was not used to doing this and more over, I had to adjust my towel every time it felt like falling off.
Suja said to Vivek, "Vivek sahib, the cooking is over, what should I do now?"
The bitch was going to my husband now, she understood he was the master today.
"Ok, inspect if the cleaning is proper in every room and tell me" Vivek replied to Suja.
Suja immediately got into inspecting every corner of the rooms and came back shortly to Vivek. I had completed cleaning the hall as well and was waiting for the verdict from my servant. I was totally ashamed to look up to Suja and Vivek.
"So, how is it?" Vivek asked Suja.
"Sahib, it just ok, there are places on the top ceiling with dust, Memsahib (it is used to call the boss lady) did not clean them." I didn't know what now. There I was with only a towel wrapped around me to cover my nakedness, standing in the hall, listening to my servant criticizing my cleaning to my husband.
Vivek, looked at me and said out loud, "Veena, didn't you hear what Suja said. Go and clean the ceiling as well."
I walked slowly to the bedroom, where the ceiling had dust. Standing on the floor I would not be able to reach the ceiling, so I got on top of the bed and started dusting the ceiling. I did not realize Vivek had come to the bedroom to inspect until he called out to Suja,
"Suja, come here."
I stopped what I was doing and tied my towel tightly and continued to dusting. I heard Suja come inside the bedroom,
"Yes Sahib."
"Veena is slow in cleaning, why do you think it is?" Vivek asked Suja, to heighten my humiliation.
"Sahib, Memsahib has to clean and also take care that her towel does not fall off. That's why she is slow"; Suja said in low whisper voice, probably because she was afraid to say it aloud and didn't want to make my partial nakedness felt to me.
Vivek came beside me and asked me if that was true. I said, "Yes, and also I am not used to this, that's why."
"Ok, ok, Veena, I understand, don't stop, continue dusting, finish your work" Vivek said understandingly. I again raised my hands to clean the ceiling. I knew, by the position in which I was standing, with my hands raised above, my towel had raised a bit and Suja who was standing behind me at the door way to our bedroom could see a portion of my ass. I was thankful, that she did not see me when I was cleaning the floors, when I had to bend and my ass and pussy was visible.
Suddenly, Vivek, pulled my towel off me. For a moment I was left totally naked as the day I was born, holding a broom and my hands raised. I heard Suja laughing in the background as I tried to snatch any piece of clothing I could find to cover me up.
Vivek, held me back and said "Complete the work, I allowed you the towel, but it was slowing you down. So no towel." When I still continued to search for a cloth to cover up, Vivek shouted "No clothes get back to work."
I slowly got up on the bed and went to cleaning the ceiling, with Suja behind me smiling at me. I was now on full display to the people in my house, one my husband and another my low class servant women. It was totally humiliating, but I didn't know then that it was just the beginning.