Over the course of the next few months, I found myself constantly fantasizing about Jen fucking another cock while I watched, but neither of us could get past the idea of actually having to face the other man either before, during or after the encounter. It was just too much for us to tackle emotionally, so we simply kept the idea as a fantasy.
Then I read a story on Literotica about 'Glory Holes'. The story described our situation to a tee and told of a couple who ended up at a porn store which offered private booths for viewing X-rated movies. The couple rented one of the booths, which had a window facing out into a theatre where a porn movie was playing. Before too long, a cock appeared through a hole in the wall and the rest was history.
The story was so arousing, that I showed it to Jen. She too thought it was hot. We immediately had great sex as we talked about doing it for real. Afterward, I asked if she thought we could pull it off. She said that as long as it was just a cock in a wall and I was with her the whole time, she thought she might be able to do it.
Over the next several months I became obsessed with finding some place that offered such a service. Unfortunately, I was beginning to believe that 'Glory Holes' were merely a myth. At the very least, such an activity was illegal, which relegated it to only the seediest of establishments where neither of us wanted to venture.
I was beginning to believe we would have to abandon our idea, when a work colleague of mine returned from a trip to Amsterdam. He told me about an area in the red light district that featured live sex shows and some that even had audience participation. To top it off, these activities were completely legal in Amsterdam. I immediately got on the internet and quickly found several sites that went into surprising detail of their establishments' offerings. After showing the information to Jen, we quickly honed-in on one club in particular. Then planned out our calendars so we could visit Amsterdam that summer.
Our sex over the course of those next four months was fantastic! We kept talking about what it might be like or how it was going to happen. Still not completely sure we could go through with it, but each orgasm became more intense and the frequency of our fucking became nightly.
Finally, it was time to travel and we jetted off to The Netherlands. After checking into our hotel, we immediately found the club. We were greeted with a big smile by the doorman who was a huge black man named Kimbe. Without an ounce of subtlety, he looked Jen over and lightly whistled, "Welcome to the club beautiful lady! You are going to enjoy yourself her, I guarantee it!" He then cheerfully explained that the club was set up so multiple couples could enjoy the entertainment simultaneously from the privacy of one of sixteen 'viewing suites', which circled a stage. Each suite had a large picture window facing into the stage area and came furnished with a small padded bench for two. He continued checking out Jen's body as he blatantly flirted with her. We reserved a suite for an 11:00pm show, then went back to the hotel to prepare ourselves. As we walked back to the hotel, Jen said "He was nice." I chuckled sarcastically, "He wanted a piece of you all right!" She blushed slightly but said nothing more.
Back at the hotel we nervously talked about what we would encounter. "Bet you can't wait to take a strange cock up that sweet pussy of yours!" I teased. "Bet you can't wait to see that happen!" she shot back. She was right of course. My hard on hadn't subsided since we landed. I wanted to fuck Jen right then, but we both agreed to hold off until show time.
Jen put on the tiniest white tank top with no bra. Her tits her firm and looked great! Then she peeled on a red mini skirt that was barely long enough to cover her snatch and topped off with a pair of 'fuck me' spike heels. No panties allowed!
We arrived at the Club at 10:45pm. Kimbe once again greeted us with that big smile. Looking Jen up and down he said "Ma'am, you look outstanding!" then shuttled us into the Club and took us to a door. "I've arranged the 'Platinum' suite for you this evening" as he opened the door and let us in, closing the door behind us.
The room was small. Maybe six feet across and only about four feet deep. A big picture window occupied the wall opposite the door. The two opposing walls were padded and covered with red velvet. Both walls had armrests from a non-existent chair protruding from the wall about three feet off the floor. There were hand grips at the ends of each armrest. Jen and I both looked perplexed until I noticed the hole in the wall directly between the armrests about thirty inches off the ground. The holes were lined with a plush fur. "Glory Holes!" I proclaimed. Jen gasped, then backed up between the armrests and grabbed the handles. Bending slightly forward, her snatch and bum were directly in line with the hole.
"Holy shit! Is this really happening?" she asked. I smiled as I locked the door. There were hangers on the back of the door, so I simply stripped off my clothes and hung them up, deciding to take full advantage of our private suite. Jen took off her top, releasing her perfect tits, but I asked her to keep her skirt and heals on.
Just then, the blind covering the window opened and the stage lights came on. In the middle of the room was a blackboard, a large desk and a smaller school style desk. On the black board was writing the three languages. Dutch, German and English. The English version said, 'Home work due today.' Soon, a man dressed in a white shirt, tie and glasses walked in and sat at the bigger desk. Obviously, he was playing a teacher. Then a well-built young woman dressed in a very tight fitting school girl's uniform complete with short pleaded skirt, white blouse, white ankle socks, black loafers and ponytail walked in carrying some books. She sat at the smaller desk. The teacher looked up from his papers and pointed at the board. The girl looked at the ground and shook her head 'no'.
The teacher immediately rolled his chair to the side of the desk and waved the girl over to him. He then motioned for her to lay across his lap. After briefly hesitating, she did as he instructed. The teacher then lifted her skirt, revealing her pantie covered ass, and proceeded to spank her. 'Whack!' you could hear through the glass. 'Whack!' his hand came down again. 'Whack!' a third time. The girl wrestled her way free, but the teacher stood and grabbed her by the pony tail and pinned her face-down on his desk. Holding her firmly against the desk with his left hand, he reached his right hand under her skirt and pushed her panties to her knees. He flipped her skirt up and 'Whack! Whack! Whack!' You could see her ass cheeks turning red from the spanking.
Jen's eyes were glued to the show, but her hand grabbed my leg as the teacher whacked the girl's ass three more times. I slowly reached under her skirt, placing my middle finger on the opening of her slit. She jumped slightly but continued watching the show. Her pussy was soaking wet! She was obviously enjoying watching the teacher work this girl over.
Just then, I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye. Looking to my right, my eyes got as big as saucers. Jen noticed my distraction and looked over. "Wooo!" she stammered. Sticking through the Glory Hole on our right was a cock. It was not as big around as mine, and because the wall was at least a couple inches thick, it only protruded about 6 inches into the room. Neither of us moved at first, then I said "Well, here's your chance!" Jen moved over to the wall, then looked me directly in the eyes. "I don't know. I was kind of hoping for something a little more impressive." Although I could tell she was disappointed, she took a condom packet from the adjacent shelf and after unwrapping it, she slowly rolled the rubber onto the cock and picked up a tube of lubricant and squeezed out a generous amount onto the cock. Then ever so slowly she began massaging its entire length, which grew noticeably from the attention. She had barely touched the cock when I again noticed movement on the opposite wall. As I looked over, my mouth dropped open. Jen again read my eyes and looked in that direction. This time she gasped "Oh my god!" Protruding through the opposite hole was a huge black cock! At least nine inches long and much wider than my own.
"I guess you have a choice to make." I laughed. "No,WEhave a choice to make" she said as she reached out with her other hand and lightly stroked the huge black cock. "What do you mean?" I asked.
"Would you like to see this big cock fuck your sweet little wife?" she asked. "You know I want it more than anything!" I blurted out, thinking that she may be changing her mind.
Glancing down at the black cock she said, "Well I'm only going to ride this one, if you take this other one up your ass!"
I was speechless. We had not discussed this scenario, but she looked at me for an immediate answer. "Take it or leave it!" she whispered. While I had put dildos up my ass a few times over the years, I never dreamed of having a real cock shoved up there. "I'm counting to three, then I'm getting dressed and leaving!" she threatened. "One...TWO!..." knowing that I was about to miss my chance of finally seeing her fucked by another cock, I blurted out "Okay! Don't go!" I practically pleaded.
With a smirk, she offered the smaller cock to me. I slowly reached down and took ahold of the first cock, other than my own, that I'd ever touched. The lube had made the rubber very slippery, so my hand easily slid over its length. Again, the cock jerked upward from the attention.
We both glanced out the window. The teacher was still forcibly holding the school girl down on the desk and was now feeding the head of his cock into her cunt from behind as she fought to avoid being raped.
Meanwhile, Jen had rolled a condom onto the black cock and was coating it with the lube. She then looked over at me and held the tube out "You better get lubed up yourself" she quipped, obviously enjoying my predicament. I slowly extended my hand and she squirted a large amount into my cupped hand. I locked eyes with her, hoping she was only joking. "Go ahead" she insisted. I brought the cream to my anus and inserted my middle finger. It quickly disappeared. I moved it around in an effort to relax my asshole, all the while slowly stroking the cock in my hand. I didn't know if I could go through with this but was absolutely sure that I needed to see my wife impaled on that giant black cock, so I quickly added a second finger and moved them in and out of my ass.
Jen squeezed some of the lube into her right hand and massaged some of it onto the cock, then rubbed the rest of it around the opening to her pussy. Holding the giant cock in her right hand, she turned away from the wall and slowly backed up, positioning her pussy directly in front of the cock head. As soon as it touched her lips, she moved it up and down her slit, slowly allowing the head to enter her folds. "Ooooohhh!" she gasped.
I thought the two fingers in my own ass would widen it enough to allow the cock in. Jen looked over at me as she sank back taking another inch of cock. "Do it!" she commanded. "Do it or I stop right now!" The sight of her working that cock into her pussy had given me a raging hard on. Not wanting it to stop, I positioned myself as she had, holding the cock in my right hand and loading it up with lubricant, I backed in between the armrests, the cockhead has now touching my asshole. I slowly pushed back. At first my ass resisted, but then the head disappeared inside. The initial shock startled me. A combination of pain and pleasure, mixed with knowing Jen and I were both going to get fucked by strange cocks, made me relax slightly as another inch went up my butt.
Glancing out the window, the teacher had now worked his entire cock into the student's pussy and was slowly seesawing in and out as she continued struggling to get free. You could see his entire shaft withdraw from her cunt, then its entire length would again disappear up her twat.
Jen was now concentrating on getting the cock into her hole. She had a firm grip on the armrest handles and was pushing back slowly but firmly against the massive piece of meat. "Fuck!!" she whimpered as she was halfway impaled.
I had taken about half the cock in my ass and thought there was no way I could get more in. I pulled forward, letting a couple inches slide back out, before pushing back and taking a little more. I slowly did this several times, trying to get used to having a real cock up my ass. Then, to my astonishment, as I pushed backward again my asshole muscles released and the entire cock went into my ass! My butt cheeks thumped against the wall and I held tightly to the armrest grips, trying to comprehend what had just happened. "Oh shit!" I let out as my wide eyes met Jen's. She gave me a devilish smile as she continued to work on getting the black cock into her pussy. She eased it out a few inches and then worked it back in. Slowly but surely. Then she pulled about half way off the cock and slammed herself back against the wall, taking the full length into her hole "Aaaaahhhh! Fuck!!" she stammered as she lowered her head and tightly grasped the armrest grips.
Both our asses were now flush with the wall as we held ourselves tightly in position. Then I noticed her body begin to ripple as I realized the cock inside her was now providing the movement. At the same time, I felt the cock in my ass start to move slowly in and out. We were both bent over holding the grips. Our faces were only inches apart as we looked at each other. "This cock is sooo big!! It's fucking your little wife's pussssssy!" she panted as her eyes rolled back and her mouth dropped open. Clearly, she was enjoying the sensation.
She then looked at me and growled "I hope that cock cums hard in your asshole!"
My anal muscles had now adjusted to the intrusion as the cock picked up its pace. Before long it began slamming me in the ass. This stranger was now banging me with furious strokes. The tightness of my ass was causing his prick to swell larger and I could sense his orgasm was near. The sensation of the cock rubbing against my prostate was more than I could take. Without even touching my own cock, it began spurting jet after jet of hot cum straight out, the first two squirts hitting Jen directly in the tits. "Oooooooooohhh!" I moaned quietly as I felt the prick in my ass tense. With one last thrust, the cock impaled me to the hilt and then held still deep inside me. I could feel the end of the cock pulsate as it unloaded in the rubber. It kept shooting for several seconds before I could feel it finally subside and start to soften. I ever so slowly extracted myself from the cock as it popped out of my ass with a plopping sound. It then slowly withdrew through the Glory Hole.
Glancing out the window, the teacher had now rolled the girl onto her back, tied her wrists together and secured them over her head to the desk. He then grabbed the front of her blouse and ripped it open. Reaching into the desk, he brought out a pair of scissors, which he used to snip the front of her bra allowing her huge tits to spring out. After mauling her tits for a few seconds, he threw her legs over his shoulders and fed his cock back into her pussy. Wasting no time, he began slamming his meat into her with furious strokes, his balls clearly slapping against her asshole with each thrust.
I moved over to the bench and straddled it. My eyes now glued on my wife's pussy, which was also getting hammered.
"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! My pussssy!" she panted as her body shook from the rear assault.
"You like that cock?" I asked. "YESSS! I love it! It's so fucking big!! It's in my pussy! It's fucking your wife! I'm going to cum all over it! I want it to fuck me!" she proclaimed. I reached down between her legs and lightly stroked her clit. "Aaaaaahhhhh! Ooooohhhh!" Every time the cock slammed into Jen, her ass would come off the wall an inch or so before she pushed back against the velvet. With each stroke I could see the underside of the huge black cock and could tell it was rock hard and ready to explode.
In the theatre, the teacher had now moved around the desk and was spanking his cock next to the student's face. She turned away, but he grabbed her hair and spun her face towards his cock as he jacked his meat.
As I looked back at Jen, she was clearly getting pounded! Her body shaking all over, her red mini skirt pushed up on her back and her gorgeous tits bouncing wildly as my cum dripped off her nipples. Her head was tilted back and her eyes were closed. "My pusssy! I'm cummmminng! I'm cumming on this huge cock!" she screamed. Her body then went into tiny trimmers as she held her ass firmly against the wall. I could tell that the cock inside her was unleashing its own cum, as her ass pulsed forward slightly every second or so for what seemed like a full minute. Jen let out a long sigh, grinding her hips backwards to milk every drop from the mammoth prick. Finally satisfied, she slowly began the process of extracting herself from the giant spear. "Ooooohh!" see whimpered as inch after inch of cock raked its way across her clit and became visible. As the head finally came out, she turned around and gently stroked it. Milking the last of the cum into the rubber. The cock then withdrew into the Glory Hole.
Jen moved over to the bench next to me. We both looked out the window as the teacher continued to jerk off a foot from the student's mouth. As he yanked on his prick, I felt Jen's hand grab my cock and begin stroking it. Although I had cum already, this was the first time my prick had been touched. The sensation was glorious as I immediately felt another load rise in my balls.
The teacher was now furiously stroking his prick. He pulled hard on the student's hair, which caused her to open her mouth in pain just as the first of several long ropes of white cum shot out of his dick and into her open mouth. After four loads went straight down her throat, he redirected the rest of his spunk to her tits. This sent me over the edge. As my first shot went into the air, Jen quickly dropped her head and took my cock into her mouth. "Aaaahhhh!" I moaned as I emptied my load, which was quickly swallowed down by my wife.
We sat there for several minutes trying to recover and make sense of all that had happened. The window blind closed automatically, signaling the end of the show. We wiped each other down with sanitizer and paper towels provided on the wall. After slowly dressing, we exited the suite.
As we walked to the door, I could see Kimbe waiting for us. At that moment it dawned on me. Did that big black cock that Jen just rode belong to him? Jen must have had the same thought as I could see her blush as their eyes met.
With a huge smile he said, "Thank you forcoming!" clearly emphasizing the word 'coming'. It was a pleasure serving you tonight. Pleasecomeagain!" he suggested as he winked and handed us a flyer which read "We make customized fantasies come true!"
I asked him about the flyer and he proceeded to tell us that the Club could arrange to make any fantasy you have come to life. The cost was 1000 Euro but was 'negotiable' depending on the fantasy and any special arrangement. He also said that if you reserve before leaving the Club tonight, the price was only 500 Euro, but that too was 'negotiable'.
Before I could speak, Jen asked "Do you have any available times for tomorrow night?"
Kimbe smiled. "The last show ends at 1:00am. Come at 12:30. Any particular fantasy?" he asked.
Without hesitating, Jen whispered, "I want to be the school girl."
We went back to the hotel and had an all-night fuck session as we relived every moment of the adventure and discussed going back to the Club the next night.