This is a continuation of this series, if you don't read at least part 1, you probably won't understand the setting very well. Also, I always read through these before I post them and send them through an online grammar checker, but I still miss things. I appreciate constructive criticism about my stories, but grammatical critiques are pointless once this story is posted. I can't change anything. I hope you, like me, can deal with a few grammatical errors for the enjoyment of the greater story.
*****
Sunday evening Aahna had convinced Mike to go for a walk around the apartment complex. He was really reticent at first, especially since Aahna refused to be nude as well. He was still afraid someone would call the cops, even though his landlady had consented to allowing him special nudity privileges.
Despite being nude all day every day for the last several years in his apartment, he still wasn't comfortable stepping outside in the buff. If he were completely honest with himself, he was simply uncomfortable with going outside after being cooped up for so long. Their little dalliance on their patio this morning, was actually the first time he'd been outside since he moved in. He'd gotten really pale, which even more added to his awkwardness. But as long as he was with Aahna, he felt he could overcome any anxiety.
So, she took him by the hand and led him out. There was still plenty of light outside, which made him feel even more exposed. But the warm sun on every inch of his skin felt amazing. His embarrassment had made his privates shrink to hide, but the warmth of the sun began to coax him back to his normal size.
They stopped and chatted with a few people. Mike was so happy to be receiving any human interaction after all these years, that he was able to tune out the fact that he was naked. This helped him not blow a load every time a woman walked up. This also kept him from noticing all the furtive blushing glances down at his manhood.
Aahna suddenly grabbed his hand and said, "Let's go swimming."
Mike was stunned by the idea, "I don't know about that. What if I cum in the pool? I'm not sure if your dad could even get me out of that kind of trouble. Not to mention, the pool is right up at the front of the complex, within sight of the road. Anyone walking or driving by could see me and call the cops."
Aahna took his hand again and asked, "Do you trust me?"
Anyone else Mike would have hemmed and hawed around an answer. But, staring into her beautiful eyes, his heart answered for him. "Yes."
So they walked through the gate into the pool area. There were a few people laying out by the pool, one of which was Isabella, the complexes' maintenance lady. She was wearing a bright white bikini, that contrasted beautifully with her tan hispanic skin.
"I'm going to lay out and get some sun. Do you want to lay out with me, or go for a swim?" Aahna asked as she began striping out of her clothes down to a green bikini that had ridges that accentuated her magnificent butt.
If Mike hadn't of gotten distracted by her butt, he would have realized that she must have planned to come to the pool the entire time. Regardless, all the exposed flesh around him was starting to make him slowly swell up. He was worried that he was going to cum out here in front of all these people.
Despite all the progress he had made with Aahna, he was still nervous about the idea of cumming in front of strangers. Even if it had been sanctioned by Ms. Myers, he didn't want to freak anyone out. If he laid out, then he was sure to cum, but if he got in the pool then he might be able to hide it. "I think I'm going to go for a swim. I haven't done that since I was a kid."
"OK, have fun." Aahna said before bouncing off to a deck chair.
Mike turned towards the pool and was about to jump in when he saw a hot tub. He had never been in a hot tub before. When he was a kid, his parents worried that he would hurt himself. As an adult, well, that was obvious. He had always wanted to try one, especially once he started working out. There were so many times that a long soak would have eased his muscles.
He was suddenly torn, pool or hot tub. Then he remembered the third factor he would have to worry about, his erection. The cold water of the pool might send his erection in reverse, but the heat of the hot tub would render his sperm impotent if he did have a mishap. In the end, he went with the hot tub for no other reason than he wanted it more.
As soon as the water hit his calves, he felt them loosening up. When he sat down and the jets beat against his back, he was in heaven. Every knot in his body was slowly unwinding. His body was suddenly reminding him that he had practically run a sexual marathon this weekend.
Mike looked over at Aahna, and she was laying on her stomach, enjoying the warmth on her skin. Then he looked back towards Isabella, she was flipping onto her stomach. He meant to look away and not be the creepy naked guy perving on a bikini clad girl at the pool, but when she flipped, Mike saw she was wearing a g-string.
He was pretty sure g-strings weren't allowed at the pool, then again, up until today, nudity wasn't either. But her wide hips and smooth cheeks were only the first thing to catch his attention. Isabella then untied the back strings of her bikini and let them fall to the side.
Mike thought it was funny how, even though he couldn't really see anything extra, this made her ten times hotter. The possibility of seeing more, and in such a public location was stirring his balls again. That, and the jet that was now tickling his scrotum.
He meant to move, but all the blood had left his head as it was diverting to his rapidly forming erection. The pace of his breathing increased, but he tried to look natural. He looked around, and no one seemed to notice him. The few people left were all laying out.
Mike looked back to Isabella, and started wondering if she was teasing him. She pulled the strings on either side of her g-string in long exaggerated movements releasing the knots. She glanced at the others laying out, and then flicked the string between her cheeks down between her legs.
Her legs were close enough together that he couldn't see anything more, but Mike still came like Old Faithful. His blast was so strong that it fired out of the water by about a foot. He had several huge blasts like that before he thought to use his hand to aim his member forward. For a second he worried that he would pass out. The exertion of cumming combined with the hot water was making him light-headed.
Mike closed his eyes, breathed deeply, and tried to lower his heart rate. When he got that under control he did a mental assessment. He didn't feel any cum on him, and thankfully the blast, while nearly straight up, was actually pointed away from him slightly. So he was clean.
He opened his eyes and jumped in surprise. Isabella was standing on the deck looking down at him. She had re-secured her bikini and was grinning. Mike looked down at the pool. Thankfully the bubbles and foam made it hard to distinguish the cum. The sperm was also working its way to the filters rather quickly.
"Hi?" Mike squeaked out.
"Hi." Isabella said as she climbed into the hot tub with him. "I'm Isabella, I'm the head of maintenance." She sat right beside Mike.
"Yea, we met early on when I first moved in."
"I remember that. Your pipes burst from the cold and I had to shut them off and clean up the water. I got soaked."
The memory suddenly came to his mind. She had been wearing a white tank top that became very transparent. Mike had put on a pair of workout shorts and a t-shirt while she was there. He ended up cumming in his closet since she was working in the bathroom. Her closeness and the memory was making him hard again.
"You haven't had any problems since then. You must keep things flowing through your pipes quite regularly." Mike wondered if she was purposefully using innuendo. "I do the same thing. But I have a secret to keeping my pipes warm."
Mike's breath was getting shallow again. "Oh...oh yea, what's that?"
Isabella took his hand under the water and rubbed the front of her bikini bottoms with his fingers. "I rub them frequently. The friction keeps them warm."
Mike glanced over at Aahna feeling an immense amount of guilt. Isabella turned his face back the other direction. Their backs were to the other pool patrons. Then she leaned in and whispered in his ear. "They aren't paying attention, but I am." Mike suddenly felt a tongue in his ear, and he was having trouble breathing again.
He thought he should get out of the pool right that second, but he didn't. Yes, he wanted to continue, but he felt like he was betraying Aahna. But then he remembered her words. They were currently friends with benefits. They might become a couple someday, but she believed in taking relationships slowly. So he was free to do whatever he wanted.
Mike decided he would finally take some initiative. He rubbed her lips through her bottoms, and she moaned into his ear. Mike felt her soft hand wrap around his member and begin to work it up and down. He bit back a moan and wrapped his right arm around her back.
With his arm around her, he began to fondle her right breast through the bikini top. Mike looked at her and kissed her passionately. She sucked his tongue into her mouth as her hand moved down to play with his balls. Mike moved his left hand up, and slid it down below her waistband before curling a finger inside of her. Isabella tensed briefly, and then caught her breath.
Mike turned more towards her, glanced over to make sure no one was still watching, and kissed his way down her neck. His right hand came back around and pulled the triangle over her left breast away. Her nipples were as hard as he remembered them being in his apartment.
Isabella started using both hands, one for stroking and the other for cupping. Mike kissed his way down her chest to her orange sized breast. His tongue traced a circle around the aereola before sucking the entire thing into his mouth.
Mike was surprised he had lasted so long. Maybe he was learning to control himself more, or maybe it was because he had just cum not 3 minutes ago. Regardless, the slow build he was feeling was exquisite.
Mike noted the speed at which her chest rose and fell. He knew she was getting close. A bold thought came to his mind. His right hand slid down her side, around to her back, and cupped her luscious hindquarters. "Knock knock." He thought, before plunging his middle finger into her hole.
Isabella instantly tensed and convulsed as a powerful orgasm racked her entire body. She bit her lip hard to keep from crying out, but a few gasps and whimpers managed to squeak out. Her orgasm lasted for nearly a full minute.
Mike felt his own orgasm building quickly. He whispered into her ear that he was about to cum, and she smiled and whispered back. "You know how the rules say not to submerge your head in the hot tub? Well, I developed a special talent in college."
Mike was so close that he was barely comprehending the words she was forming. He was waiting for her to explain what she meant, when her head disappeared beneath the surface of the water. Isabella's lips slid around his shaft, and that was all he needed. He came in her mouth. And he came and came, and she stayed under. He couldn't believe first of all how long she was staying under, but then also how much of him she was swallowing. She managed to take every last drop. Sophie couldn't even do that, and she had a lot of experience.
Finally, when he finished, Isabella came back up gasping for air. "I can't believe you took it all." Mike said in amazement.
"I can't either." Then she was mystified by what she felt happening beneath the water. "I can't believe you're ready to go again."
Without another word, Isabella turned her back to Mike, and sat on his lap. "How did you know I like anal" She asked.
"I don't know. I just went with the moment."
"Keep doing that." Then Isabella guided Mike's shaft into her tight rear canal.
They both gasped simultaneously. Isabella had never had someone as big as Mike in her butt before. Aahna was tighter, but she was almost too tight. Isabella apparently had a great deal of practice with anal, because she was just tight enough.
Mike reached around and ripped the triangle of her bikini out of place so that he could molest her tits more freely. Isabella leaned back into him and twerked her but back and forth. With his right hand still pulling on her nipple, Mike slid his left into her pussy for added stimulation. This time they both came quickly and together. And unlike her mouth, her butt couldn't take his entire load, and she had to hop off of him at one point.
After a moment of cuddling, Isabella kissed him tenderly on the lips. "Come by any time." Then she stood and climbed out of the hot tub with her butt still exposed. Cum dribbled out of her butt and down her legs. She adjusted her bikini and walked to the showers.
Mike sat there and basked in the afterglow for about thirty minutes. All but him and Aahna had left the pool area. The sun had gone down and the pool lights cast a dim glow. Mike then heard a whisper is his ear, "Want to go for a swim?" It was Aahna.
"Yea, that sounds amazing." Mike stood and turned towards her.
Aahna turned and took two steps toward the pool, before stripping out of her bikini. Mike was instantly hard again. Not only was he staring at the most beautiful woman he knew, naked. But the soft light of the pool made her look almost supernatural. Not to mention that she was actually breaking the rules. He had permission to go nude, she didn't. That made her nudity even more taboo than his.
Aahna looked back at Mike and said, "If you can catch me, you can have me." Then she dove into the pool and started swimming across under the water.
As much as Mike wanted to keep watching her slender form glide through the water, he even more wanted to hold her. So he ran and dove in after her. It wasn't much of a race though. As soon as she reached the shallow end, she stopped and turned to meet him.
Mike stayed underwater and kissed her lower lips, before kissing a trail up her body to her mouth. He wrapped his arms around her as they made out. They didn't realize they were moving until Aahna's back was against the pool wall. That's when he entered her, and they moved in a beautiful unison with each other.
Unlike his liaison with Isabella in the hot tub, no one was around, so they felt no restriction against noise. They both moaned and grunted into each others mouth as they suffocated each other with their kisses.
Suddenly, they heard a third voice moaning. They both looked up to see Isabella completely naked standing above them. She was masturbating to the sight of them. This appeared to turn Aahna on just as much as Mike, because she motioned for Isabella to come closer.
Aahna craned her head back and Isabella lowered to her knees so that she could eat the other woman out. Mike kissed from Aahna's neck to Isabella's clit and back as Isabella was twisting her nipples.
Isabella came first and squirted all over Mike and Aahna. That was so hot that they came immediately in response. Everyone took a second to breath and relish the beautiful moment. None of them wanted to ruin the afterglow with words, so Isabella stood and left. Aahna and Mike climbed out of the pool and walked hand in hand back to their apartment.
They climbed into Mike's bed, and they spooned until they fell asleep.
(To be Continued.)