Continued from Katie and Paul Part 3...
This time told from Paul's point of view.
I'd watched the recording of Katie masturbating for Geoff several times. We'd even watched it together while mutually masturbating. Katie hadn't taken long to come after seeing Geoff's cock on screen. She was almost too impressed with it. I even asked if she'd like to see it in person, but the fact he looked more like Danny DeVito than George Clooney, she soon told me the answer to that question.
Katie was a little more reserved when walking around the house now, she hadn't mind knowing Geoff had been watching and masturbating over her, but now she'd seen what he looked like she wasn't so keen. She still walked around our bedroom naked but had said she'd never do that kind of show for him again.
We'd been watching a movie on television, just relaxing while lounging on our sofa. Katie was lying away from me, she was wearing my favourite shorts of hers, the loose-fitting ones. I traced a finger up her thigh and into the shorts, pushing the fabric of her knickers into her pussy.
"How would you feel about showing off for someone else then?" I asked. "Here, in the house."
"You mean your friends again?" she asked.
"No, another stranger," I answered.
She looked a little apprehensive but asked what I had in mind.
"I'll think of something and let you know."
We continued to watch the movie, neither of us speaking. I'd left my hand where it was, Katie kept moving occasionally to try to get more friction, every time she did so I teased her by withdrawing my hand a little. After about ten minutes I broke the silence.
"How about we order a takeaway?" I asked.
"What, now?" she said, "It's been less than an hour since we ate, you can't be that hungry already?"
"No, I meant tomorrow night."
"Oh, ok then." She looked puzzled as to why I'd be talking about what we were eating the following evening. I saw the look on her face and knew I needed to explain.
"Seems like the perfect way to get a stranger here," I replied, with a big grin on my face. Katie quickly shot up into a sitting position. She looked quite excited.
"Ooh, right, so presumably you mean to show off too? I didn't think you meant so soon."
"Why not?" I said, "It should be more than enough time to sort out what we need to do. Don't worry, I'll be here, I'll just make sure I'm not in sight."
We continued to watch the movie and Katie soon got back to her lying position. I positioned my hand where it was before. Katie was very wet now, she was obviously very excited about what was to happen.
Our plan was for me to set up a hidden camera, facing the front door and our living room, and Katie was to try and get the delivery driver into the house somehow. I would be in my office room upstairs, where I would be able to watch, and record, all the action on my laptop. Katie asked if there were any rules, basically how far could she go. I told her she just couldn't fuck them, anything else was down to her and how comfortable she felt at the time.
The following day was a Sunday so neither of us was at work. I set up the camera, placing it between a vase and a picture frame. I asked Katie to come into the room and find it, and she couldn't. It was hidden enough not to give the game away. I then turned on the laptop and asked Katie to walk around the living room and by the front door talking as though she was having a conversation, so I could make sure I could hear everything. Katie also knew now not to go towards the kitchen, or she would be out of sight and sound of the camera.
All day Katie was on tenterhooks. She was excited about doing it but nervous enough about what could happen. I told her it was no good making plans, she'd need to improvise as she went along. For all she knew the driver might just run off!
We managed to get to around 6 pm before Katie moaned at me to phone them, the suspense was killing her. We'd decided to order pizza, mainly because a large size would be enough for both of us, and would be in one box only. Katie said this would be easier to put down on the floor somewhere instead of getting bags of food that she'd probably need to take to the kitchen.
I phoned through our order and was told the delivery would be around forty-five minutes. I said that would be fine, and Katie nodded in agreement. I put down my phone and Katie rushed upstairs. She'd showered and shaved already but had said she was going to get her hair wet again, for her plan when opening the door. I followed her upstairs and entered the office. The laptop was already on, and I took my seat and got comfortable.
Around thirty minutes later the doorbell rang. I instinctively got up to answer it and remembered that it was just my cue to start recording. Katie came into view at the bottom of the stairs. She was wearing her silk dressing gown, which was only thigh length. Just as she got to the door she turned towards the camera and opened it up. She was topless and had a lacy thong on. The plan was for her to be naked under the gown, but it was too late to argue. She also had a towel wrapped around her head, twisted and fastened on top. She opened the door, just enough so she could look around it.
"Pizza delivery," said the male voice at the door.
"Oh, I wasn't expecting you just yet, are you early?" Katie asked him.
"Yes, the order was placed thirty-four minutes ago so I'm just over ten minutes inside schedule," said the man.
"That's great," Katie told him. "But I thought I had time to take a shower and get dried but I've literally just got out when the doorbell rang."
She pulled the door open wide to take the pizza off him. He was a bald, middle-aged man, not much taller than Katie, and his eyes were on stalks at the sight in front of him. He looked her up and down while Katie had her hand outstretched towards him. He realised he was staring and handed the box to Katie.
"That will be £17 please," he said.
Katie took the box, took a few steps inside to by the stairs, and bent over to place the box on the floor. Her gown rode up over her arse, and I saw the driver bend down a little to get a better view. Katie kept the pose while she reached into her bag for her purse. As she turned back towards the door, the driver shot back upright.
Katie opened her purse, looked inside, then looked at the driver. She opened the purse as wide as she could, then starting looking through the separate compartments. She was looking for cash that she thought was in the purse. Katie's debit card, and £100 in £20 notes, were on the desk next to the laptop where I'd put them after phoning for the pizza, and after she'd run upstairs to prepare. I also knew she had no more than £8 in change left in her purse.
She looked towards the camera and pulled a face. Turning back to the driver, she said "Come inside and push the door shut please, I need to find my money."
I saw her on camera scurrying around the living room, and checking her bag again, looking where her money could be. The driver was following her every move, every time she bent over somewhere he was squeezing his cock through his jeans, he kept changing the angle so he could get the best view of her. At one point he even looked up the stairs to check nobody was there, I was being quiet as a mouse and was sitting in the dark, so he had no idea I was in the house too.
Katie came back to her bag and got down on all fours, her arse pointing towards the driver. He quickly got out his phone and started taking pictures of her. He was even crouching down to get the best angle possible. Katie was searching her bag thoroughly, she must have thought her money had fallen out of her purse. Holding his phone in his left hand, the driver got very brave. He unzipped his jeans, got out his cock, and starting stroking while still staring at Katie's arse.
Katie stood up and turned around, and caught him. Cock in one hand, phone in the other.
"Erm, sorry," she stuttered, "I can't find my money to pay you. I have coins but I don't think there'll be enough."
"Well I'm not leaving without payment, you'll have to pay some other way," he said, nodding down towards his cock.
"I'm not fucking you for a pizza!" Katie replied.
"You can't fucking prick tease me like this, then leave me hanging."
Katie looked at the phone in his hand.
"You can carry on taking photos of me then, but no touching," she told him, "And I suppose you can wank over me too, it looks like you need to get rid of that before leaving," looking at his now erect cock.
"Photos, and not only wanking but I want to come over you. Twice."
Katie threw her hands up in mock disgust.
"Come over me? I've literally just been in the shower, I'll need to go in again then, and I've got pizza to eat. And twice, you're being very optimistic, aren't you? You're not staying all night."
"I'm pretty sure I can manage more than twice wanking over you, don't worry about that love," he told her.
"Ok then," she said abruptly. She threw her purse back in her bag, slipped off her dressing gown, walked towards the sofa, and slipped off her knickers. The driver had followed her, cock still in hand. Katie lay sideways along the sofa, put one leg up on the back, and dangled the other on the floor. She took her hands and squeezed her tits together. Her pussy already looked wet, even looking through the camera. The driver asked her if he could take his jeans off, as the zip was catching him. Katie told him to do whatever he was comfortable with.
He threw off his jeans and pants, quickly got out his phone, and started taking pictures of her from various angles. Some full length, and few closeups of her tits, and a lot of closeups of her pussy. He reached up to grab an arm to move it, and Katie jumped.
"Don't fucking touch me!" Katie shouted at him. "Touch me and I'll scream the place down so people can hear."
I was so alarmed at her tone I started to get up to go down to them. Then she continued.
"I'll pose any way you want, just say what you want me to do. Any way at all." She smiled at him as she finished saying it to tell him she was calm.
The driver had backed away as she'd shouted, but then nodded in agreement and moved back towards her.
"Sorry," he said, "I just wanted to stretch your arms over your head."
Katie did as he asked, and he gasped.
"Oh man, your tits are so firm, they hardly moved. They are beautiful"
He continued to take photos, he'd asked Katie to tweak her nipples, took more shots of her pussy, then paused. Katie looked at him wondering what he was doing, he'd stopped taking photos.
"I was just wondering if you could lift your legs back at all?" he asked sheepishly.
"You want me to put my hands behind my knees?" she asked back.
He nodded, he looked like he was sure he was asking too much and she'd say no. Katie didn't just do so, she pulled her knees so far back they were resting on her tits. Her legs were spread so wide her pussy lips parted and her pussy gaped in front of him, her puckered arsehole on show too.
Rather than take pictures he started to wank his cock again, it only took a couple of strokes before he was fully erect again. His cock was around seven inches long and circumcised, Katie looked at it and licked her lips, and winked at him. He moved to the end of the sofa and took more pictures of her well-exposed pussy, then asking if she was still comfortable in that pose, went to the other end of the sofa where her head was, and started taking full-length shots again.
He was edging closer to her face as he was taking photos, Katie looked back at one point, and his still erect cock as just a couple of inches away from her face.
"No touching," she reminded him. He moved away and asked her if she could lie sideways facing him for a couple of shots, which she did, then he instructed her to kneel on the floor next.
She did so, and he stood over her. He asked her to look up at the camera and took pictures looking down at her, his cock roughly level with her face. He then re-positioned the camera from the side and tried to take more pictures. He'd put the phone on selfie mode now, but from his angle couldn't see how good a picture he was taking.
"What kind of pictures are you going for now?" she asked.
"I wanted to make it look like you were about to blow me," he told her. She took the camera from him and got his cock in shot.
"You'll have to come a little closer," she told him. He inched forward until he was no more than an inch away from her open mouth. Katie took a couple of snaps, then told him it needed to look a little more realistic. He looked down at her just as she flicked out her tongue. His cock twitched and briefly touched her tongue. He quickly jumped back.
"Shit, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to touch you!" he apologised.
"That was my fault, I should have warned you," she said. "Come back over."
She handed the phone back to him. He pressed on the screen a few times, then pointed the phone back at the action. He was holding the phone still now, and the flash wasn't going off, so I assumed he had swapped it onto video mode. He edged closer to her, and she put her tongue out again. His cock kept twitching while he filmed. He was almost crying out for some form of contact. Katie seemed to read his mind, laughed, and grabbed hold of his cock.
"I guess I'm going to have to keep him still myself," she giggled at him.
Instead of holding him still, she began to stroke his cock slowly. She flicked out her tongue again, this time while stroking him she was deliberately brushing his cock head against her tongue. He groaned and threw his head back. Katie knew instantly how turned on he was and sank her mouth onto his cock. The driver groaned so loud I thought the neighbours would hear.
All thoughts of videoing or photos had gone now, he was too absorbed in his cock getting blown. He did however try desperately to keep his phone pointed at them. Katie had started deepthroating him, and he reached out an arm to put it at the back of her head. At the last second, he decided not to in case she stopped because he was touching her.
Katie had been blowing him for about a minute when he pulled his cock from her mouth, wanked furiously for a few strokes, and proceeded to coat her face with his semen. Katie wasn't expected it and jumped, but kept in position on her knees.
She opened her eyes when she knew he'd finished, and looked up at him.
"Do you want some pictures of my face before I clean up?" she asked.
He didn't need another invitation, and he started snapping away. Katie waited until he had taken a few then started to use her fingers to wipe his semen from her face, taking long exaggerated licks off her fingers to drink it down.
When her face was clean, she looked at the driver, his cock was still erect.
"Wow, that didn't take long to come back," she marveled.
"It doesn't go soft after I come," said the driver. "My record is to come five times before it finally went soft on me. I doubt I'll need viagra when I get older anyway!"
Katie leaned forward and kissed the end of his cock.
"Where do you want me now then, or can I pose how I want for a bit?" she asked.
He agreed, and Katie went back to the sofa. She sat facing forwards, her arse on the edge of the cushion, and raised her legs. He knelt in front of her and took more photos of her pussy close up. I knew Katie was getting turned on herself when she reached a finger down and started to touch her clit. She rubbed it for a little while, then told the driver to stay where he was. She got up off the sofa, went over to her bag, and pulled out a lifelike dildo.
This wasn't the suction one modeled from my cock, this one was six inches long but very fat. She resumed her position on the sofa, and started to alternate between sucking on the dildo and coating it with her saliva, and rubbing it along her pussy to lube it up. The driver obviously got a lot of photos of this.
Katie leaned back so her head was on the back cushions of the sofa, hoisted her legs up and as wide as possible, and started to push the dildo into herself, slowly at first to get accustomed to the width. Her lips were almost clamped to the dildo, each thrust in and out made her squelch. Her eyes rolled as she started to work it in and out of herself until she was comfortable with it stretching her. The driver asked if she could push it right in and then move her hands out of the way. He'd gone back to videoing but with her stopped he switched back to camera mode and took a few snaps from different angles of this. She started to tweak her nipples to keep her hands busy.
"Can I?" he asked.
Katie looked to where he was pointing, he was looking at the dildo. She wasn't sure what exactly he wanted but said yes anyway. His hand went forward and he grabbed the dildo and started to withdraw it from her pussy. He put down his phone down so his other hand was free, and started to stroke his cock. He started to match his strokes exactly to how he was using the dildo on Katie. He must have been imagining that the dildo was his own cock.
He quickened his strokes and Katie was really enjoying it, thrusting her hips up towards the dildo while staring at his cock. He started to slow down his strokes and asked Katie if she could turn around. He repositioned her on all fours, she turned at an angle so she knew her arse would be facing right towards me. He left the dildo impaled in her pussy, and picked up his phone to take more photos. Katie put her hand back between her legs and proceeded to move the dildo in and out of herself again. He quickly switched the video option back on.
I saw her face drop down into the cushions as she arched her back and her other hand appeared from underneath her and she started to furiously rub her clit. I knew she was very close.
The driver was masturbating with one hand, trying to match the pace Katie was dildoing herself while trying to keep the phone still to not miss the action. Katie suddenly screamed out loud, and clamped her legs together with the dildo fully inside herself, while her orgasm ripped through her body. As it subsided she opened her legs wider and slowly removed the dildo. Her pussy stayed gaped open after the width of the dildo had stretched her so much, and she turned her head and looked over her shoulder.
The driver was really close behind her now, and she reached back and spread her arse cheeks apart as wide as she could manage. Now even her arsehole gaped a little at him. He changed his angle so he was pointing at both of her holes. I bet he desperately wanted to step forward and sink into either one of her oh so inviting holes.
"Drop your spunk onto my holes you dirty bastard!" Katie shouted.
He grunted and his hand became a blur. He cried out and started to come. The first spurt landed on the small of her back, the second directly onto her open arsehole. He continued to come, I was almost impressed with how much there was considering it was his second time in a short space of time.
Some of his semen formed a necklace effect, hanging down off one of her pussy lips and halfway between her legs. He changed his phone back to camera mode and asked her not to move. Katie gave him the chance to take some shots, then wiggled her arse until the sperm necklace clung to her thighs.
She turned around to sit on the sofa, leaned forward, and licked his cock until it was clean and spotless. She leaned back and licked any remaining spunk from around her mouth.
The driver had finally started to go soft, so he picked up his pants and jeans and got dressed. He asked Katie if he could have her phone number, but she declined. She told him he had enough video and photos he could go through if he thought about her again.
He laughed and said he was pretty certain he would be doing so. He then said he'd have to leave, he was going to tell them he'd had car trouble to explain not going back for any more deliveries. Katie asked if he could see himself out as she was a bit of a mess and her legs were still like jelly, and he said goodbye and left.
The door had barely shut before I raced downstairs. I'd left the camera recording on purpose, as I ran straight into Katie and sunk my erect cock straight into her soaking pussy.
Just ten minutes of frantic thrusting later we both came, this time Katie was filled up as I plugged her.
I rolled off her, just as Katie started laughing and said "Fuck me I've worked up an appetite, what shall we have to eat?"