This story would make more sense if you read the chapters in order. It is a cuckold tale and should not be confused with my other BTB and romance style stories.
Tags. Exhibitionist. Voyeur. Roleplay. Sex. Biker Hole.
The shrill sound of the hotel phone woke us. I stumbled out of bed to picked it up.
"Mr Simons?" The silky voice of one of the girl's from the front desk caressed my ear.
"Yes."
"I'm just checking to see if you are leaving us today?"
I looked at my mobile phone on the desk and saw it was eleven o'clock.
"Yes, yes sorry we slept in."
"Alright sir but I have to let you know that if you haven't checked out in ten minutes it's company policy you are charged for another night."
"Yeah, yeah okay. We will be right down."
I turned around and saw Claire sitting up pushing her hair off her face.
"We've got to go." I said as I picked up some of the clothes on the floor.
"I have to have a shower." Claire said.
I looked up and saw she was trying to peel the sheet back that was stuck to her thighs and pussy.
"Yeah, okay. Just be quick."
We made it, just. As we exited the lift we both looked across towards the doors to the function room. There were two guys standing there. The dinner suits were gone replaced with denim jeans and leather jackets. I recognised one of them from the previous night in the storeroom. He nudged his companion and whispered something before pointing to his neck. The other guy turned around and looked then they both laughed. We both kept our heads down and hustled to the reception desk. As I was waiting for the receipt to be printed I looked at Claire's neck. There were a number of prominent hickies above the collar of her shirt. She saw me looking and folded the collar up to hide them.
The trip home was quiet. Claire slept for most of it. I only stopped once at a service centre on the edge of the city for some cheap metro priced fuel and fast food. Six hours later we were back on the farm. Claire went straight inside. I followed with the bags. She was in the bathroom and I could hear the water running into the bath.
We both needed more time to reflect on what had occurred. I got changed into farm gear and went outside. The sun was low so there wasn't much I could do. I made sure the neighbours had fed and watered the dogs and chickens. Poked my head into the shed to check everything was still there. Then to calm the mind I went for a drive around the property. There were some wheat crops just starting to run up to head. The rest was fallowed in preparation for sorghum and mungbeans in the summer. Back at the house I parked the ute in the shed and sat in the quiet for a moment.
With a deep breath I gathered myself and went inside. The first thing I noticed was the bathroom was free so I chickened out and went in there. Claire had left the water in the bath. Steam still rose off it's surface so she hadn't been out long. When you rely on rainwater you can't be wasteful so I stripped off and climbed in. It was relaxing and comforting at the same time. The smell of Claire favourite soap bought me back to a safe place, home.
Eventually I got out and headed to the bedroom. The smell of dinner coming from the kitchen was comforting as well. My stomach was rumbling so I quickly got dressed and went to investigate.
"Something smells good." I said more cheerily than I felt as I walked up behind Claire.
I hesitated for a moment then put my arms around her waist and lent over her shoulder to see two steaks sizzling on the grill. Her body stiffened in response to my touch.
"I wasn't sure you'd want to touch me again."
It was a challenge. What were my real feelings. In truth they were confused. I didn't feel I could easy assure her she was wrong. Still my own actions in the hotel room made me uneasy. Claire took the extended silence as my answer and shrugged my arms away.
"Dinner will be ready soon. Why don't you sit down."
It wasn't quite 'fuck off' but it was pretty close. I set the table then sat down. Shortly after a plate clattered down in front of me and Claire sat opposite with her own dinner. We ate without talking. The only sound the clink of the cutlery on our plates. With a grunt Claire dropped her knife and fork on the half finished meal and pushed her plate away. I looked up and raised an eyebrow.
"Will you just say it!" She blurted out.
"What?"
"What you are thinking." I kept my poker face so she continued. "It's all my fucking fault. Just say it and stop this silent treatment."
"It wasn't anyone's fault. We were in the wrong place at the wrong time." I kept my voice even although inside I was screaming.
"Then why the death stares?"
"I haven't..."
"I've been around you long enough to know. Just fucking say it."
I slammed my knife down hard on the table. It slipped from my hand, bounced once on the table then clattered to the floor.
"I'm not bla... blaming you." I said my voice cracking from the strain of trying to stay calm. "Maybe if you hadn't enjoyed it so much..."
"Enjoyed it?" Chloe stood up quickly and the chair she'd been sitting on cracked back against the wall.
"I want your cock..." I mimicked her pillow talk. "Fill me up..."
Claire's mouth opened and closed it a couple of times without any sound coming out before she regained the power of speech.
"I was just giving him what he wanted. I didn't want the whole club piling into the room." She wasn't as strident now. Her hands fidgeted with a button on her pajama top. "It was like I was acting."
"Acting? Really? Well I guess you are the Meryl Streep of porn. I mean even your body put on a show. More cream than a dairy cow..." I threw Jim's words back at her.
"It didn't worry you when you fucked me after he'd finished both times." She shot back. "And what about Brienne of Tarth with your cock down her throat?"
This time I struggled with a reply.
"Seems like we both got a bit out of control." Claire said before she stormed off to the bedroom and slammed the door.
I pushed my plate away. Nothing like a fight to suppress the appetite. I wanted to go to bed but now Claire controlled that space. Instead I cleaned up making as much noise as possible then flicked on the television. Nothing there captured my interest, I was still to worked up. Fuck it, I thought. It's my bed too.
I went to the door and listened. It was quiet. Opening it I could see Claire in bed facing away. I closed the door quietly then slipped into my side of the bed. Claire moved slightly, getting as far over her side as possible. I made sure I kept my distance. Two can play the no touching game. I tried closing my eyes but my brain was still rehashing all the fall out for the previous night and wouldn't switch off. Rolling onto my back I stared up into the darkness.
Claire moved too. She rolled into her back with a sigh. There was still a gap between us and I stayed frozen in place determined not to be the one who weakened. Claire's foot reached out and her toe brushed my leg. It could have been accidental but it wasn't. I had a few choices. Pull my leg away like a petulant teenager, stay still or reciprocate. I stayed still. Claire was going to have to come to me.
After a long pause her leg stretched out again only this time her toe maintained contact with my skin. Then she rolled towards me. Her body was now parallel and close enough that I could feel the heat radiating from it. I was sorely tempted to reach for her. Instead I stayed where I was until her hand lifted my arm. She snuggled against me with her head on my shoulder, arm across my chest and one leg stretched across mine. I dropped my arm down behind her and pulled her tight against my side. Neither of us said anything. I was finally drifting off to sleep when Claire spoke in a husky voice.
"I can't explain it." She paused and cleared her throat. "When he was ordering me around in the storeroom... and then when he touched... teased me. And you were there... with other strangers watching. It felt... I can't... it doesn't make sense but..." Claire's hand that had been resting on my chest balled up into a fist as she fought to find the words. "I got so turned on. My... I got so wet I could feel it trickling out."
As she spoke the images from the storeroom came back to me. The fat biker running his hands up and down her legs. When he'd moved behind her and played with her breasts and nipples only three feet in front of me. While I listened to Claire I replayed the scene in my head. Just like in that storeroom, my own cock began to rise again. I shifted a little trying to hide it. Claire's hand slid down my torso and wrapped around its base holding me in place.
"What happened when... I went to get the other room card?" My words caught in my throat as Claire's hand started languidly stroking me.
Claire moved up so her lips were closer to my ear and her breast pressed against my chest. I could clearly feel her hard nipple.
"He put his big cock in me Nath," she cooed in my ear. "He fucked me just like I wanted him to. Hard and rough."
I turned my face towards hers and we kissed hungrily. Claire stopped stroking and swung herself on top of me. I gripped her hips and pushed her down onto my dick. We kissed again as she began rocking.
"Fuck," Claire swore as she sat straight up on my cock. "You're big tonight Nathan. Did it turn you on watching me get fucked?"
I couldn't answer. I concentrated on fucking her as she rocked back and forth. My hands found her tits and I squeezed and pulled them much harder then I normally would. I was getting close when Claire seized my hands and pushed them above my head. She was leaning over me again, her breasts brushed my chest, her head just above mine.
"Tell me Nath, did it turn you on? Watching me get used like a slut. Is that why you couldn't keep your hands off me?"
Again I didn't respond. To give me more incentive Claire lifted herself off me so her pussy lips were just kissing the head of my cock.
"Tell me Nath," she repeated.
"Yes!" I grunted lifting my hips trying to get back inside her.
"You like slutty Claire?" She started rocking back and forth slightly.
"Yes, I like slutty Claire."
"Like or love?"
"Love damn it! I love you, you slut."
"Well fuck me properly then." Claire dropped back down and released my hands.
I grabbed her hips and started fucking her in a frenzy but it wasn't enough. I pushed her off and got behind her on my knees. Pulling her up onto all fours I gathered her hair up into a ponytail just like the biker had done. I yanked it hard as I slammed into her wet pussy and she loved it so much she demanded more.
"Is that all you've got?"
"Fuck you hole." I swore.
I pushed her forward so most of her body was on the mattress. Only her butt was raised just enough to allow me easy access. She submitted as she had earlier with the fat biker. I continued fucking her with long strokes using all my weight on the downstroke to go as deep as I could. Our bodies slapped together and I realised I was about to lose it.
"Fucking cumming hole." I groaned as I felt my cum gush up my dick.
Claire groaned too and clawed at the sheets with her hands.
I rolled off and Claire surprised me by swinging around and burying her face in my groin. She licked and sucked my dick clean just as she had Jim. When she'd finished she kissed her way back up my body then tried to kiss me. I let her then felt her trying to push some of our combined juices out of her mouth into mine. I pushed her away and she started laughing.
"You let Brienne do it."
"No I didn't."
I rolled away from her, pissed at what she'd done. She kept laughing then pulled up the covers and cuddled my back. In the middle of the night I felt her get up and go to the bathroom. When she returned I flicked the light on so she could find her way back to the bed. I saw she had panties on with the prominent bulge of a panty liner in the front.
"Well I guess I'm not pregnant." She said as she fell into bed.
More quickly than I'd imagined we returned to our previous lives. The wedding crashing incident got pushed into the background as Claire concentrated on her two senior school extension English classes and I got on with the farm work. It was just every now and then it resurfaced. Like when I came home one Saturday for lunch and Claire was working in the kitchen. Just the way she was standing at the bench in a pair of shorts reminded me of the storeroom at the hotel kitchen. I walked up behind her.
"I guess I'd better make sure you aren't wearing a wire." I said as I slipped my hands around her ribs.
There had been a sharp intake of breath from my wife but no rebuke. I ran my hands up and down her legs just as Jim had done. I ended up fucking her on the kitchen table. It became like a role play game. Not all the time, we'd rediscover it and play around for a couple of days then forget it. Sometimes in bed our pillow talk would return to the theme.
"Fill up your hole... fuck a baby into this hole..."
Claire had gone off the pill just before that trip to Sydney. At thirty two her body's biological alarm clock had gone off so we decided to start a family. Her doctor had said it might take some time because she'd been taking contraceptive's for an extended period. So we were enjoying the extra excitement of the pregnancy potential in our love life.
It probably seems weird. What for many people would have been a traumatic experience had somehow enhanced our sex life. Jim and the actual detail of what happened hadn't been discussed after that first night. It was just a chapter of our lives together, a shared experience etched into the fabric of time.
Then things changed. I didn't realise for some time as we careered down a slippery slope into an abyss.
I'd been spraying in the paddock beside the house. When I turned at the end of a run I noticed a hydraulic hose leaking oil. I knew I had a spare in the shed so it wasn't a big issue. The gate was at the other end of the paddock. The house and shed were closer so I decided to walk home instead. I entered the house yard from the paddock and was walking along the side of the house when I happened to look in the bathroom window.
Claire was dressed up, just not in a going out way. Well not in a going out to dinner way. She had a micro denim skirt on that barely covered her arse. Above that she wore a midriff top with thin spaghetti straps over her shoulders. It was tight and the stretchy material clearly defined the contour of her bare breasts.
As I watched she picked her phone up off the vanity and took a selfie in the mirror. Then she turned and bent over causing the skirt to ride up and expose her arse. The flash of the phones camera went off again. I whistled my appreciation startling her. She spun around, saw me at the window and ran out of sight. I went inside as quickly as I could with a prominent bulge in my work shorts. I found her in our bedroom.
"Well, well, well, what have we here." I said as I walked into the room. Claire was in the process of lifting the top over her head. "No, leave it on."
I moved behind her and pulled it back down then slid my hands around the front and cupped her tits. Claire's nipples were hard like little bullets. She moaned and ground her arse back against my erection.
"So when did you get these clothes?" I whispered in her ear.
"I picked them up Friday." Her hands covered mine and she pressed hard signalling she wanted it rougher. "Do you like your biker hole?"
"Fuck yeah," I spun her around so I could kiss her.
It escalated really quickly. Claire's hands dropped to my shorts, she undid them and pushed them down. While she was doing that I manipulated her towards the bed. I couldn't stifle a groan as her hands worked my dick out of my underwear. I had the tight denim skirt hitched up so I could grope her butt. She released my cock and once again tried to remove her top.
"No," I ordered. "Leave it on."
I pushed her down onto her knees. Claire started slurping on the head of my cock. I pulled it away from her lips and slapped it on her cheeks and nose.
"I want to fuck your face hole."
My wife didn't respond verbally. She simply opened wide and dove for my dick again. She didn't stop until her nose was pressed against my skin. I held her head as I long dicked her mouth. I knew I wouldn't last long if I continued so I hauled Claire to her feet than pushed her back so she fell on the bed. Lifting her legs up I opened them wide. Realising my intentions Claire grasped the back of her legs under the knees to keep them spread. I climbed onto the bed, lined my cock up with her cunt and pushed inside. There was no resistance. Claire was just as turned on as me. I started frantically fucking her. She lifted her top just enough so her tits appeared and I grabbed them both.
"Hurry up Nathan, I'm going to cum," Claire demanded.
The order was obsolete because I was only a couple of strokes off my own climax. We came together, groaning and clawing at each other. I collapsed on top of her my dick still firing the last of my load inside her. When our breathing had calmed down I rolled off and lay beside her. Claire turned so her head was on my shoulder. Her arm draped across my chest.
"Someone got a bit excited." She chuckled.
"I wasn't the only one," I countered.
We lay in silence for some time. Something had been eating away at me and I wasn't sure how to broach the subject. In the end I decided to attack it head on.
"Do you still think about him?"
"Hmmmm?" I suspected Claire pretended not to hear to give herself more time to reply.
"Jim, The biker. Do you... you know..."
"Don't be silly," Claire scoffed. "Why did you bring him up?"
"The clothes. The attitude. You called yourself a biker hole."
"It's your obsession. I know it gets you hot and bothered." Claire said as she playfully bit my chest.
She was trying to distract me and it was working but I had one more question.
"Who were the pictures for?"
"What pictures?"
"The ones you took in the bathroom."
Claire pushed herself up on her elbow so she was looking directly at my face.
"How long were you watching me?"
"Long enough."
"Why were you home anyway?"
"Burst hydraulic hose."
"I didn't hear you drive back."
"It was quicker to walk to the shed."
"So you're not finished? You're going back?"
"Yeah I've still got an hour."
"You'd better go then. In a hour you'll be ready to play again."
Claire kissed me. The sort of kiss that promises so much more. I got up and was at the door before I realised she hadn't answered my question. I turned back and looked at my wife who was still stretched out on the bed. Her skirt pulled up and her tits out.
"So who were they for?" I asked.
"You, silly boy. Who else would they be for? Got to get you off the tractor somehow."
I went back to work with my body satisfied. My mind was still working through things. When I finished the paddock and got back to the house we played again. We took our time and it was fantastic. Claire got in the shower while I went to the kitchen to start preparations for dinner. I saw Claire's phone on the bench as I peeled the potatoes. I debated with myself if I should check. I picked it up and put in the passcode she normally used, her birthday. It didn't work. I tried again, still no dice.
"Showers free." Claire called as she entered the room.
I hastily dropped her phone back onto the bench and went to clean myself up.
My suspicious mind was calmed by what could only be described as a purple patch. Claire's wardrobe expanded and so did our sex life. A few weeks later the denim skirt was superseded by a black leather one. The stretchy top with a skimpy black mesh number that was see through so what little it did cover was visible anyway. Then came a micro pair of denim shorts, although it's a stretch to call them shorts. They were cut more like the bottom piece of a bikini.
Not that Claire left the house wearing them. Except for the first time she wore the shorts. I was changing the engine oil in the tractor when she strutted into the shed. She had the shorts, a tight white t-shirt and high heels on. My mouth hung open as she sashayed towards me. When Claire got close she spun around and bent over to pick up a spanner from the concrete floor.
"Can I borrow this?" She asked after turning back around to face me. "I need something long and hard... unless you've got something else for me to use."
Needless to say I offered her something else and the oil change had to wait. So we bounced along in a sexual marathon I hadn't experienced since our honeymoon. A couple of times I pressed her about Jim. One night in bed, after having the best part of a bottle of wine with dinner, she admitted she couldn't count the number of times she'd orgasmed with the biker. As we lay side by side I pushed her further.
"If we went to Sydney one weekend, went into a bar and he was there..."
"As if that's going to happen." Claire interrupted me.
"Haven't you heard of serendipity?"
"Don't talk drunken shit Nathan."
"Come on Claire, it's just a hypothetical. If he hit on you, would you go back for more?"
"Don't Nathan."
"No judgement. Like you said it won't happen. I just want to know."
Claire shifted further away from me.
"This stuffs getting too real for you Nathan. What do you want me to say? Yeah in a heartbeat? Or no that's wrong? The way you get off when we role play I think you want it to happen again. Then you throw these questions at me like accusations." She pushed herself up onto her elbow and leant over me. "What do you want? Do you want some guy to strip me down, finger me, fuck me again and again while you watch?"
I pushed her till she was on her back again then climbed on top. She resisted but I didn't stop until I was fully embedded in her wet cunt.
"Is that what you want?" I goaded Claire as I started fucking her.
"Jesus Nathan?" Claire was still pushing me away with her arms but her legs were curling around my hips.
"You do, don't you?" I picked up the pace.
"Don't Nathan."
"Admit it... You loved it... you want it again."
"No... no..."
"His rough hands squeezing your tits, pulling your hair."
"Ohhhh." No denial this time as she started fucking me back.
"His big dick in your hole mouth."
"Ohhhh, ohhh yesss."
"And in your wet hole cunt."
"Ohh yes... I want it... give it to me..."
I was on the edge while Claire was losing it under me. Her fingernails dug into my back as she clung on.
"Then he fills you up!" I hammered into her three more times shooting my load as I did.
"Oh god Jim I can feel it, so deep, fuccckkk meee."
I stayed buried inside Claire as she withered and moaned her way through one of the most intense orgasms I'd ever given her. When she released me I pushed back onto my haunches between her spread legs. It was equal parts exhilarating and concerning seeing Claire's reaction to my goading. She opened her eyes and looked at me. The smile faded as she saw my confusion.
"It's just pillow talk Nath." She paused to suck in a couple of deep breaths. "I love you baby."
I looked down at my cock. It was covered in her frothy cream. I got off the bed and went to the bathroom. I was standing in front of the toilet looking down when Claire came in behind me.
"Are you going to piss or just stare at your dick?"
I turned around and drew her attention to the mess of her juices on my crotch.
"See, you can make me cream too." She said making a joke but the smile died on her face when she saw my reaction.
"Was it me or the thought of him?"
"Now you're being ridiculous."
We both looked at each other seeing who would blink first.
We went to bed with the question unresolved and no other words spoken. In the early dawn light the next morning the make up sex was some of the most intimate and intense of our lives together.
"You can't put me in that position Nath." Claire whispered.
"I know, I know," I mumbled as I kissed her cheek.
We cooled it for a bit after that episode. The 'hole' clothes were folded up and put away.
One wet afternoon a couple of months later I was searching through the online farm machinery classifieds. I was looking for a weedit boomspray. It senses when a green plant is coming and only turns the spray on for that plant which is great for saving chemical on summer fallows. Trouble was new ones cost a fortune so I was looking to see if there was any used machines for sale close by.
I found one not far away, only 200km, at Spring Ridge. A guy who'd been a contractor was selling all his equipment. I sent him an email to see if I could go and have a look on the weekend. He got straight back to me and wrote that was okay. I called him on his mobile to arrange it for Saturday afternoon. When Claire got home from work I asked it she wanted to come for a drive. She was luke warm on the idea.
"Ummm, can I decide on Saturday?"
I left it at that. Saturday morning I went and did some chores. Got back in at lunchtime. Claire had done some washing and had some sandwiches made. We ate together while checking our social media.
"So are you coming?"
Claire sat up straight and ran her fingers through her hair as she contemplated her reply.
"Do I have to change out of my pyjamas?"
"It wouldn't worry me." I pushed my chair back and stood up. "You wouldn't have to get out of the ute." She was still wavering. "Maybe you should wear your 'special' gear."
My raised eyebrows left her in no doubt about what I meant by special. Claire mouth opened wide in shock then snapped shut.
"Are you serious?"
"Why not?"
"What if we see somebody we know?"
"We don't have to stop. Just drive to this guys place, then drive back."
"How long will it take?"
"A couple of hours each way."
Claire smiled at me nervously. She was genuinely considering it. I was getting turned on just thinking about it.
"Which special ones do want me to wear?"
Claire stood up. I don't know if it was deliberate but she did it really slowly exaggerating the movements of her hips and arse.
"You can choose."
"It was your idea. You choose." Claire said pouting.
"The first one, denim skirt and white top."
"Hmmm," she walked past me trailing her fingers across my chest. "Don't leave without me."
Fifteen minutes later she was back. She had changed into the skirt and top requested. On her feet were her favourite pair of 11' Western Stampede boots with the decorative stitching and Cuban heel. She'd even taken the time to tease her hair a little.
"Fuck me." I blurted out as she stood framed on the doorway.
"Maybe later." She added with a smile.
I was seriously contemplating rushing her into the bedroom. Instead I tried to play it cool.
"Come on then." I walked outside and put my boots on.
When we got to the ute a lot of the confidence Claire had shown in the house had evaporated. I was in the driver's seat when she opened the passengers side door.
"I'm not sure about this. Maybe I should go and change."
"Come on. I told you before you don't have to get out of the ute."
Claire shifted her feet and started to turn around. She stopped, looked back at me. I gave her a smile showing I understood. With a sudden burst of energy she climbed into the cab and closed the door. My smile turned into a smirk.
"Quick, get moving." Claire demanded. "Before I change my mind."
For most of the trip down to Gunnedah Claire was pulling her skirt down. She would wriggle in her seat and it would slide up again. It was funny to watch her struggle with her own modesty. We got off the Kamillaroi Highway there and turned onto Oxley Highway till Mullaley. Once we got off the highways onto Black Stump Way the trucks disappeared and Claire relaxed a little. We had the radio on as we talked. I looked around a lot to check out what was happening on the farms. When we got close I gave the guy a call and he said he'd meet us at his front gate. I turned off on a side road for five kilometres and Claire pointed to a Landcruiser parked on the side of the road.
"Is that him?"
"It should be if the directions are right."
I slowed down and put the blinker on indicating I was turning in. The door of the Landcruiser opened and a tall guy got out. I pulled up close by. He walked towards my door so I wound the window down. I sensed Claire pulling at her skirt again.
"Hi, I'm James." The guy offered his hand and I reached out through the window with mine.
"Nathan." We shook then I pointed to Claire. "And this is my wife Claire."
She waved and he reciprocated.
"You found it alright?"
"Yeah."
"The sprayer is in a shed just up the driveway. Follow me."
I nodded and he went back to his vehicle. He was a good ten years older than us. Still in good shape but his hair had retreated a long way back while his face had the tell tale signs of a good few years in the sun. We followed him for a kilometre before we got to the shed. I got out and looked across at Claire as he opened a large sliding door.
"Do you want to stretch your legs?"
She gave me an ironic laugh.
"No, I'm fine where I am." I flapped my 'wings' making out she was chicken and she poked her tongue out. "Is there anything to drink in your fridge?" Claire pointed to the Engel on the tray.
"Beer, might be a couple of rums as well." I said as I closed the door.
I went inside the shed to look at the sprayer. On close inspection it looked in good order and was cheaper than I thought it might be. I was suspicious I was missing something and asked why he was selling. He was going through a divorce and he had to liquidate all his gear to pay his wife. He needed money fast hence the price tag. I was up in the cab going through the controls with him when my phone buzzed. It was a message from Claire.
#Are you going to be much longer?
#A bit, why?
#I need to go...
"Is there a toilet around here?" I asked James
"Yeah," he replied. "At the back of the workshop, through that door."
He pointed to a standard doorway just to the left of the large main door. I got back to my phone.
#Toilet inside. Come in big door, turn left into workshop, up the back.
#Can I get to it from out here?
James saw the message and shook his head.
#No.
I didn't get another message. After a few minutes I thought she must have decided to wait. Then I noticed James's head swivel and I looked up to see her disappear into the workshop. It was about five minutes later we were underneath the machine when the click of the Cuban heels could be heard on the concrete. I expected Claire to scurry out but the footfalls were slow and deliberate. We both looked up to see her facing away from us silhouetted by the sunlight coming in the doorway. She appeared to drop something then slowly bent over all the way till her hands touched the floor. The skirt rode up and although the light behind her made it difficult you could see the silhouette of her arse cheeks. It looked like she had no panties on,
"Jesus wept..." James gasped beside me as Claire slowly stood up again then strode out the door. "Sorry, sorry, I didn't mean..."
"It's okay mate, I'm just as shocked as you."
"Wow." James was still struggling to come to terms with what he'd seen. "Fuck, you are a lucky bastard."
"Yeah, I guess I am."
My wife's performance cut short the rest of my inspection. I let James know I was very interested but I'd have to wait till next week to have a talk to the accountant and bank before I agreed to the price. He said he'd hold it till Wednesday then I scooted out the door to find out what had got into Claire. When I opened the door of the ute I could see some of the explanation. Two empty rum cans on the floor.
"What took you soooo looonng?"
"It's a big investment Claire. What happened with you?"
"What do you mean?" She batted her eyes innocently.
"Did you drop something?" I replied playing her game. "Where are your panties?"
There was a rumble as James began sliding the big door of the shed closed.
"Quick, get going. I didn't want him to see me after that." Claire suddenly looked panicked.
"Not moving till I see the panties." I said smiling broadly.
"I'm still wearing them, I pulled them up into my butt crack like thong. Now get going you dickhead or it will be the last time you see my arse."
Claire slapped my arm as I drove away laughing.
We motored back towards home. It wasn't discussed but I couldn't keep the thought of Claire flashing her butt out of my head. The two cans and the third she had in her hand meant the skirt riding up wasn't worrying her on the return journey. After looked at the fuel gauge a sneaky thought began to take shape. It had been busted for a couple of months. I'd planned to get it looked at when I took it for service in a couple of weeks. As a result it was stuck half way between the quarter full mark and empty. I'd filled up at the farm tank that morning however there was no way Claire would know that. On the outskirts of Gunnedah I started things rolling.
"Oh shit!"
"What?"
"I'm going to have to pull up at the roadhouse and gets some fuel." I said acting like I was angry at myself.
"Didn't you fill up this morning?" Claire said then she lent over to check the fuel gauge.
"I meant to before we left but I was distracted." I looked down at her long bare legs which caused her to ease her skirt down an inch.
"Well that was your idea."
"Yeah yeah I know. I'll just pull in, put $40 worth in then we'll get back on the road."
Claire was pretty calm about it and the alcohol in her system probably helped.
The roadhouse was a the junction of the Oxley and Kamilaroi highways. It was one of those big suckers built mostly to service the trucks that droned up and down these roads 24/7. On one side the fuel bowsers were all diesel and most were high flow. At the front petrol and gas. Around the back there was a large parking area for trucks to pull up for rest periods. The roadhouse itself had a shop at the front to pay for fuel, lollies, chips, drinks etc. Through some swinging doors was a diner. If you kept going through the diner there was toilets, showers and a few basic rooms for overnight stays.
I pulled up next to one of the regular diesel pumps and pumped some fuel in. As I did I looked around. There were a few trucks filling up and only two parked up out the back. It was five thirty so I guessed we were here before the evening rush at the diner. Out the front I could see two SUVs towing caravans, other than that it was quiet. Perfect, I thought.
I stopped the pump and replaced the cap. I went around the passenger side to retrieve my wallet from the glove compartment. Claire jumped a little when I opened her door. I got my wallet then stopped and looked at Claire with what I'm sure was an mischievous glint in my eye.
"Do you want to go and pay?"
"Ha, ha, ha." Claire put on a fake laugh then she stopped. "You're serious."
"Yeah."
"I can't, I might see someone I know."
"No locals come here. They all go where they can use their shopper dockets to get four cents a litre discount. It's only truckies and tourists."
There was a pause.
"No, no I can't."
Claire was saying no but the nervous smile that accompanied it told me it wasn't a hard no.
"Come on," I said leaning in close. "It would be so fucking hot."
Claire looked around at the near deserted service centre and bit her lip.
"Okay," she giggled like a school girl.
Claire got out and straightened her skirt. I handed her fifty dollars from my wallet, kissed her on the cheek and sent her on her way. I let out a low wolf whistle as I watched her go. She looked back at me and rolled her eyes.
"Can you get me an ice cream too?"
She waved her hand at me which I think indicated yes. As she got to the automatic doors a grey nomad couple came out on their way to their caravan. The lady glanced at Claire then quickly in the other direction. Her husband couldn't take his eyes off her which resulting in him tripping down a small step. He kept his feet but got a clip around the ear from his wife for his trouble.
I stayed at the ute. The walls of the shop area were glass so I could see Claire as she entered. The attendant was in his booth with his back to me. I saw his head come up as Claire walked over to one side. She must have been getting my ice cream and as I had hoped it was a chest freezer. I could see her looking for my treat then she bent over to get it out. The guy at the counter would have been getting a tremendous view of her covered butt cheeks.
After paying she came back out. The guy kept his eye on her the whole way. She was about to head in my direction when a voice called out to her and she stopped. It was a trucker who must have come from one of the parked trucks. He was old and fat, wearing shorts and a singlet with thongs. He said something to her I couldn't make out. She laughed then he spoke again and she shook her head. He kept at her but she pointed at me and started walking towards me again.
"How about two hundred?" He called out.
Claire ignored him and kept walking. When she got close she spoke to me.
"Get in and let's get out of here."
I jumped in, started the ute and we turned for home.
"What did that guy want?"
"He offered me $100 dollars for a gobbie?"
"Shit really?"
"Yeah, I said no then he offered me $150." I laughed half heartily as I wasn't sure how I felt about Claire being propositioned. "What's a gobbie?"
"Ummm, it's a blow job."
"Really?"
"Yeah. I think it must be a Victorian thing. I heard for the first time on that tv show Wentworth. You know that woman's prison thing? It's filmed in Melbourne."
We cruised along in silence. I was wondering how Claire was processing being mistaken for a prostitute. It wasn't until we got out of the street lights of Gunnedah that Claire spoke again.
"How much money have you got?"
"What? You mean on me now?"
"Yeah."
"I think there's a hundred in my wallet. Why?"
"Fancy a gobbie?"