When Brandon left for college, I'd never felt so alone, confused or out of place. He'd always looked out for me, being a 19-year-old guy who stands only 5'4" and weighing in at just over 110lbs, I needed his protection! We met during my junior year in high school, but got closer during our final year. Without him, my last two years of school would have been unbearable. Over time, I'd learned of ways to repay his kindness. I don't think anyone could have guessed what we did when we were alone, except for his dad.
Mr. Reynolds had caught us in a couple of awkward situations. He'd once walked into his living room while I knelt naked between his son's legs and was giving him my very best blowjob. Brandon was able to simply slip his erection back into his pants. I on the other hand, had to run across the room naked because Brandon had stripped me in his bedroom. That was the same day Mr. Reynolds learned I kept my body smooth, mostly because Brandon liked me that way. Even my small, pinkish erection is kept completely without hair. On another occasion, I happened to look up from Brandon's eyes while I practiced giving him a lap-dance to see Mr. Reynolds staring at me! The craziest thing was that Mr. Reynolds looked just as aroused as Brandon!
Three long lonely months passed slowly after he left. During that time, I found myself thinking more and more about Mr. Reynolds. To me completely honest, I was missing him just as much as I missed his son! It sounds terrible I know. But I couldn't help it.
I must've wandered by his home a dozen times before he finally noticed me. I was a little ways down the street when I heard him open his front door and call out, "Bailey". Hearing his deep voice call out my name sent a shiver up my spine. Biting my lower lip and spinning around, I waved and began to quickly walk back toward him. I watched his eyes wander up and down my body as I approached. Wearing a simple white t-shirt, light denim shorts, white tennis shoes and ankle socks, I hoped he liked how I looked.
He stood on the porch, leaning against a post with a big smile on his face. He was wearing a blue dress shirt with khaki's and brown dress shoes. The top few buttons of his shirt were undone exposing the white t-shirt wore beneath. Just like his son, Mr. Reynolds towered over me by almost a foot. He had broad shoulders, deep brown eyes and his dark brown hair had barely receded. When I got within a few steps of him, I said "Hi Mr. Reynolds. I haven't seen you in a while. How have you been?"
He smiled and allowed his eyes to wander back down to my shoes and all the way back up before he answered. "I've been good. I'm missing Brandon, but seeing you has completely cured me of that."
I smiled brightly and told him that I'd been missing his son too. We chatted for a little longer on his porch before he invited me inside so we could continue talking over a cool drink. All I could think about was him remembering the compromising positions he'd caught me in. I thought he was attracted to me, but I really hoped he liked me as much as I liked him. I knew, if he ever made a pass at me, I'd let him do whatever he wanted. With that thought in mind, I'm sure I blushed deeply when I accepted his invitation. He held the door open for me and as I passed through, he stepped right in behind me and I felt his hand on my lower back, gently guiding me into his living room. I swear I nearly squirted my juices right there!
Mr. Reynolds had be sit on his couch, the same couch where I'd done terribly naughty things with his son. Some of which he'd seen with his own eyes. He told me to get comfortable while he got drinks for us. I seriously considered stripping naked while he was gone. He returned carrying two glasses of soda. He handed me one of the glasses and asked "Diet, right?" I giggled and said, "You remembered." While he sat down with his own drink, he smiled and told me that I didn't need diet, I looked just perfect the way I was.
Once we were sitting side-by-side, smell of his cologne filled my nostrils, it was intoxicating. It was a woodsy, musky smell that was perfectly masculine and fit him perfectly. I'd always found his 5 o'clock shadow to be extremely sexy. Sitting there beside him on the couch, I wondered what it would feel like for him to kiss me. I felt my face heat up and the thought and immediately tried to focus on anything else. I sipped on my drink and smiled at him.
There was something about the way he looked into my eyes that made me feel very vulnerable. It was like he knew what I was thinking, like he knew all my secrets. I had the hardest time looking up at him. My eyes kept drifting back down to the drink in my hands. After I'd done that a few times, he gently reached over and set two fingers under my chin to coax me to look at him. I slowly looked up to see him smiling warmly. He told me I didn't need to be nervous. He went on to tell me that he hoped I would be just as comfortable in his home as I was when Brandon was still there. I smiled and told him thank you.
At those words, Mr. Reynolds' eyes opened wide. While he stood up, he explained that while he was cleaning up Brandon's room, he found a backpack that was mine. I cringed, Brandon had told me he'd get rid of it before he left! I knew what was in that backpack and there was no way he could have known it was mine without looking. Oh Gawd! I wanted to disappear! I almost stood up and raced out of the house, but for some reason, I stayed right where I was. Squirming on the sofa, blushing like crazy and waiting for him to return.
He came back into the room carrying my red backpack as if it were the most precious thing in the world. Seeing it in his hands had my heart racing. He sat down beside me, closer than he had before. My left leg was touching his right. He held the backpack on his lap and didn't say a word for what seemed like eternity.
I couldn't help but stare at the backpack until I felt his fingers under my chin again. Slowly looking up into his warm brown eyes, I know I was blushing like crazy. In almost a whisper he said, "I wasn't sure this bag was yours" he paused while holding my gaze, "until I opened it." I heard myself whimper before I even realized I was making a sound.
The sound of the zipper brought my attention back to the bag. I tried to say something, but all I could do was mumble a little. Biting my lower lip as he held the bag closed but finished unzipping it all the way. I looked up into his eyes, panicking hoping he'd just zip it back up. But, while still looking at me, he spread the flap of the backpack all the way open. I almost cried I was so embarrassed, and worried, and I don't know! I was freaking out!
He looked down into the bag and told me he was serious about me feeling comfortable in his house even though Brandon was no longer there. He reached in with his hand and pulled out a pair of pink booty shorts that were obviously made for girls. Holding them up as if he were examining them, then laying them neatly on the coffee table in front of us. "Very cute." Were the only two words he spoke before his hand slipped back into the bag.
This time he withdrew a small stack of panties in a variety of colors. He set the stack on his knee and carefully picked up each pair, looking at each of them before laying them out on display on the coffee table. When all six pair were laid out, he pointed to a soft yellow and white plaid pair with lace around the legs and waist and told me those were his favorites. He then asked which ones were my favorites. I raised my hand and pointed to a pink pair of bikini panties. Even while I was doing it, I couldn't believe I was telling this grown man which panties I liked to wear the most!
I'd never felt so embarrassed before! And I'd been in embarrassing situations before! This was almost too much. But for whatever reason, my little weenie was throbbing like crazy! And thinking back on it now, I'll bet Mr. Reynolds knew exactly what that situation was doing to me.
His hand reaching back into the backpack, he came out with one of the items I'd been dreading most, a shiny metal butt plug with a pink jewel embedded on the base. He held it by its base with three fingers, the plug part was pointing straight up. He slowly moved that hand so it was right between our faces. With a teasing look in his eyes, he whispered, "This is a very lucky piece of steel."
I gasped and felt my little weenie ooze its pre juices. I could feel his warm breath on my face, the plug that had spent so much time in my bottom was a few inches from my nose, and the things he said were driving me crazy. Somewhere along the lines, I'd gone from being insanely embarrassed to being incredibly horny. Or maybe I'd been like that all along. The sexual tension in the room was making it difficult for me to pay attention.
With the plug still between us, he whispered softly. "There is just one thing left in the backpack. Do you remember what it is?" I bit my lip hard and slowly nodded my head.
He gently set the butt plug down on the yellow panties which were his favorites. His hand then returned to the backpack and he slowly pulled out an envelope of pictures from a local drug store. He set the envelope down on my favorite pink bikini panties next to the yellow panties and butt plug. He slowly zipped up the pockets on the backpack and set it on the floor.
For whatever reason I couldn't make myself move. I could have grabbed that envelope and ran, but I knew he'd already seen everything in there. If I were going to run, I should have done it when he first came out with the backpack! I guess deep down inside me, I wanted to stay. I wanted Mr. Reynolds to know everything. He'd seen me naked before, now he knew some of my deeper secrets.
He turned a little and looked at me. No, he looked through me. "Bailey, I want you to know. That I'll never tell anyone about any of this. I hope you know that. I've never mentioned the 'conditions' I've seen you in to anyone else. And I promise I won't start now."
I whimpered softly, "Thank you." Biting my lip hard and struggling to look at him.
What happened next still confuses me. I'm not sure who leaned in, or if we both did. But the next thing I knew, my head was tilted to the side and Mr. Reynolds was kissing me. I'm not talking about a good-night bunny-kiss. I'm talking about a full on, kiss! Tongues dancing together, his hand behind my neck, pulling me in close KISS!! Without a doubt, it was the most erotic, passionate kiss of my life.
Eventually the kiss broke and it left me gasping. He leaned in until his lips were close to my ear and whispered, "I've wanted to do that for an awfully long time." All I could do was whimper stupidly, "Me too."
He sat back up and took the envelope of pictures in his hand, flipping it open and pulling out the stack of printed pictures without looking down at them. Then asked how embarrassed I was to have the images printed in a store. I ignored his question, leaned in and tried to kiss him again. But he avoided my lips. I tried to tell him we didn't need to look at the pictures. But he would have none of it. And I sat back and pouted a little which only seemed to make him happier.
He looked down at the first picture. It showed me posing inside a dressing room in a department store at the mall. I was wearing a slightly see thru pink nightie and nothing else. "So tell me Bailey, does your, um, penis, always get hard when you are dressed like that? Or is it erect because you were almost naked in changing room?" He was definitely trying to embarrass me now. And at that point, what more could I be embarrassed about? He'd already seen the picture and my little weenie. I pulled myself together and managed to whisper "Both, I guess."
He seemed happy with that and set the picture on my lap. I left it face up, what reason did I have to try and hide it now? He picked up the next one and we both looked at it, I remembered the day clearly. Brandon's car had broken down and we had borrowed Mr. Reynolds' Chrysler so we could go to the movies. On the way, I slowly undressed before we were even out of the neighborhood. I scooted down in the seat, not wearing a thing while he drove us to the matinee in the middle of the day. Brandon parked behind the theater, got his phone out and ran around to my side of the car. After opening my door, he snapped a few pictures of me while I rubbed myself and fingered my bottom. That was the picture Mr. Reynolds was looking at now. He held the picture in one hand and slowly ran the index finger of his other hand over my body in the photograph. He didn't say a word while he set that picture on top of the previous one in my lap.
The next picture was taken at my house. My face wasn't even visible, but I'm sure Mr. Reynolds knew it was me. I was naked and bent over the dining room table. On my butt cheeks were the bright red imprints of hands. The day that picture was taken was one of the many days I unsuccessfully tried to give my virginity to Brandon. On that particular day, I thought we should try it in my mother's bed. He went slowly that day, but with only the head of his cock in my bottom, I screamed out in pain and begged him to pull out. Brandon was very understanding. But he thought I deserved a firm spanking for the failed attempt.
All Mr. Reynolds said was, "Naughty girl." Perhaps I didn't take it right, but I'm sure he emphasized the word 'girl' for my benefit. Brandon used to call me his girl when we were alone. And most times my mother didn't bother correcting someone if they mistook me for a girl. So I was used to it. Honestly I took it as a compliment.
I really didn't know what to say while he silently held the picture. The last thing I wanted him to know was how much I enjoyed a firm spanking from time to time. So I kept my mouth shut until he set that third picture on my lap. I asked him if we could please stop looking at pictures. He picked up the stack and thumbed through them, telling me just a few more.
After choosing two of them and holding them face down, he slipped the rest of them back into the envelope. He flipped the first picture over and my mouth fell open. In the picture, I stood naked in my living room except for a pair of panties around one ankle. I was looking particularly desperate while posing for the camera. Just around the corner, not more than 10 feet from where I stood, my mother sat with her back toward me at the kitchen table reading.
"You naughty, naughty girl. What would you have done if your mother would've seen you?" There was a sparkle in his eye. He was loving this. He must've known how much it embarrassed me to look at that picture with him. Brandon had dared me to do that. He'd teased me most of the day just so I would.
The smile from Mr. Reynolds' face faded. He looked at me more sternly then he had since I'd arrived. "I asked you a question young lady. What would you have done if your mother would've turned her head and seen you so excited in the middle of the living room?"
I suppose I should explain a little about my mother. She has always been pretty overprotective of me. She insists on knowing where I am, when I'll be back, who I'll be with, and what we'll be doing. Even during my senior year, she walked with me through my school hallways dozens of times, always holding my hand to meet with teachers who she believed weren't treating me fairly. She still insisted on remaining in the doctor's office during my annual physicals. She was a little shocked to see me without any body hair during that last visit. She still took me shopping for clothes and made me model them all for her. And being the size that I was, I would only fit in boy's sizes. I finally had to stand up for myself, which I hate to do, to get her to let me try on unisex clothes or even girls pants. They at least fit me! One more thing, my mother stands a few inches taller than me and outweighs me by about 75 pounds. When she gets upset, she tends to frighten me, but deep down I know she loves me very much.
To answer Mr. Reynolds question, I bit my lip again and whispered, "I don't know what I would have done if she would have seen me. I guess I didn't think about that."
"My point exactly. If you are going to run around naked, you have to be careful where you do it. The last thing I want is for you to get into serious trouble. Now if your mother had seen you, I'm sure she would have punished you and you would have deserved it. But that wouldn't be the kind of trouble I'm talking about. Indecent Exposure can land you in jail! I can't imagine the things that could happen to you in a place like that." He paused to let that sink in. I hadn't really spent much time thinking about the consequences. It was always fun to do and it made me feel really naughty. I knew it was dangerous, but I didn't realize how dangerous.
He went on to explain, "All that I'm trying to tell you is that you need to find a place where you can expose your cute little self without getting arrested. Do you understand?"
I looked up into his eyes and squeaked, "Yes, I understand. But, um, do you know where I could do it safely?" I lowered my chin a little and batted my eyelashes, while still looking up to see his reaction.
His eyes seemed to sparkle again, he reached over and laid his hand on my thigh, "Bailey, Sweetie, if you ever feel the need to take your clothes off, you can always do it here. It should be pretty obvious that I enjoy seeing you naked. And if you ever want to do it in a more public setting, I'm sure I could think of a safe place." He then reached into his pocket, pulled out a key and told me I was always welcome in his home. Holding my hands in his, he laid the key in my palm.
I arched my back and leaned in to kiss him again. Our lips met, and the kiss was just as powerful as our first kiss, maybe even more. It made me dizzy and I felt a little light headed. Brandon was a good kisser, but Mr. Reynolds was in a whole different league. I could have kissed him all day long. But it ended all too soon.
"We still have one picture left." He stated with a little excitement in his voice. Again, he waited while I anxiously sat beside him. He sat there for what seemed like forever without turning the picture over. I finally asked him if he was going to do it or not. Something about having Mr. Reynolds see all these things and know all of these secrets about me just made me feel free. Even more so than I felt with his son.
He turned the picture over and it showed me in my pink thong, I had been kneeling just in front of where Mr. Reynolds was now sitting. Brandon's legs were on either side of me. I was happily looking up into the camera with my mouth opened wide. On my outstretched tongue, was a large glob of creamy cum.
Mr. Reynolds didn't speak for a time. We both looked at the picture and up at each other several times, until I finally broke out in the giggles. He waited until I calmed down and then said, "I'm betting you didn't get a spanking on that day." That made me giggle all the more. It was so uncomfortable and tense and strange to have all this laid out in front of us. What else could I do but giggle?
He didn't wait for me to calm down that time. He scooped up all the pictures and tossed them onto the table. Taking me into his arms, he kissed me again. One of his hands holding the back of my neck, the other wandering up and down my body. I looped my arms up and around his neck. My head tilted to the side, breathing heavily and moaning softly into his mouth. We kissed and squirmed together for quite a while until he took one of my legs in his hands and slowly raised it onto his lap. He untied my shoe and slipped it off with my sock, setting them both down on the cushion beside him. My other leg went to his lap next, my shoe and sock were soon resting by their pairs beside him. Slipped his hands under my arms and scooted me onto his lap. Facing away from him, I turned my head so we could keep kissing, but he had other ideas.
Ever so gently, he began to lift my t-shirt, I sat up straight and raised my arms. Once my shirt was off, he laid it on top of my shoes and socks. I knew what was coming next so I stood up in front of him. His hands moved to my hips and slowly guided me to turn and face him. I looked down at him. I couldn't believe this was actually happening. Here was a man more than twice my age, at least twenty years my senior. The father of my boyfriend who was away at college. The man I'd fantasized about making love to for such a long time. My legs felt weak and my stomach was doing somersaults.
When his finger slipped under my shorts behind the button I gasped out loud. He undid the button and slowly unzipped them. When the zipper was all the way down, he spread them open to find I wasn't wearing anything under them. He made a tsk-tsk-tsk sound. When he wiggled the shorts over my hips and down my legs, my little bald weenie stood right before him. Looking down, the pink head was glistening with my juices and there was a wet spot plainly visible on the inside of my shorts. He held one of my hands in his while I stepped out of my shorts.
My whole body shivered as I stepped out of that last piece of clothing. I'd dreamed of Mr. Reynolds seducing me for so long, and it seemed like it was finally going to happen. Just standing there in front of him completely naked, utterly exposed was so exhilarating. My hairless penis was stiff as a board and pointing straight up at the ceiling. The pink head was glistening with my excitement. And Mr. Reynolds was looking right at it!
I stood there while he turned my shorts inside out and looked closely at the moist spot I'd left in them. "Well, we can't very well let you put these back on." Standing up, he grabbed all my clothes, took my hand and led me into the laundry room. He had me hold my clothes while he turned on the washer and added detergent. When the washer was about half full of bubbly water, Mr. Reynolds took my shoes from the top of the pile and set them on the top shelf above the dryer, well out of my reach.
After removing my keys and phone from the pocket on my shorts, he put them on that high shelf with my shoes. He then took every single piece of clothing I'd been wearing and held them just above the bubbly, churning water of the washer, he asked me a simple question. "What time is your mom expecting you home?" I looked up into his eyes. Hearing him mention my mom in this very sexual situation was so naughty. An image of her face flashed in my mind and I squirmed imagining what she'd do to me if she saw me now. Once he dropped those clothes, I'd be here naked or in my bootie shorts or panties until they'd gone through the wash cycle and the dryer. I'd guess that would take at least an hour, maybe an hour and a half! I looked around the room for a clock and didn't see one. I was just about to go into the kitchen and look at the microwave when he dropped my clothes in the water and closed the lid of the washer. A shiver shot up my spine and radiated out to every other cell in my body. I was trapped naked in the home of a grown man and I'd never been more excited!
He took my hand again and led me through the kitchen. I scanned the room nervously for a clock and found I had less than 30 minutes before I was expected home. There was no way my clothes would be dry by then. I was freaking out and told Mr. Reynolds that I was going to be in big trouble if I wasn't home on time. He knew my mother and understood how much she worried and cared about me. She was having an extremely difficult time accepting that her son was 19 and a graduate from high school. He knew how strict she was. So I was a little shocked when he told me it would be okay. He took my hand again and guided me into the dining room. Pulling the chair out at the head of the table, he helped me to sit on the edge of the table and then sat in the chair and scooted in between my spread legs.
He pulled his cell phone from his pocket and handed it to me. With a chuckle he told me I'd better call her and let her know where I was and what I was up to. Talk about awkward! There I sat dialing my mom while Mr. Reynolds leaned in and began blowing his warm breath on my already tingling weenie. When I moved the phone to my ear, he moved in even closer and his warm breath felt heavenly on my most private places. He kept teasing me with his breath until he heard my mom answer. She picked up on the forth ring. Just after I'd told her hello, Mr. Reynolds leaned in and kissed the squishy pink head of my penis.
A strange noise slipped through my lips when he made contact. It was a very high pitched squeaky chirp. Muscles all over my body began to twitch and spasm. I gasped for air and nearly dropped the phone. Quicker than I thought possible, Mr. Reynolds' hands shot upward. His right thumb and forefinger firmly pinched the head of my weenie. His left middle finger firmly pressed in on the shaft lower where it met my body. I wanted to cum, my body wanted to cum, but he had stopped it just before it happened. It didn't necessarily hurt, but it didn't feel good either.
I don't know what kind of sounds I was making into the phone at that point, but my mom was sounding very concerned. I did my best to pull myself together. I told her I had stubbed my toe and that I was fine. After I convinced her I wasn't hurt or in danger, I told her I was at Mr. Reynolds home and it was his phone I was using because my battery had died. When she asked what I was doing there, I told her I had been walking by when we saw each other and started to talk. All of that was mostly the truth, except for the stubbing my toe part. But now I needed to start making something up.
While my mind ran wild looking for a reason to be late, Mr. Reynolds began pinching the head of my weenie a little harder, then easing up, then pinching harder again. The middle finger of his other hand began to slowly move farther beneath me until it was almost touching my little wrinkled hole.
Mr. Reynolds leaned into my free ear and whispered, "Let me talk to her."
I cringed at the idea. Talking to her in this condition was hard enough for me to do. I could only imagine the things he could tell her! But when I couldn't think of a reason to be late, and it was getting really hard to stall her anymore, I told my mom that he wanted to talk to her. When I went to hand him the phone, he kind of shrugged his shoulders, letting me know I needed to hold the phone to his ear.
After a cordial greeting, Mr. Reynolds confirmed what I'd already told her. He then went on to tell her he'd like me to stay for dinner. They chatted back and forth for a while. During the conversation, that middle finger of his was gently pressing against my little hole. His other hand was still pinching the head of my weenie. He was pinching it hard enough now that it hurt, but not in a bad way. It was just enough to make me flinch every time he did it. I was leaning back on my hands, my feet were dangling on either side of him. I could still feel his warm breath on my privates. He was looking up into my eyes and talking to my mom. The whole situation was crazy. And I had never, ever been so horny before.
After what seemed like way too long of a conversation, Mr. Reynolds promised my mom he'd have me home by 9:00pm. I heard her say something about 'me having a role-model', but I didn't really catch it. I was obviously preoccupied. Mr. Reynolds promised to look after me and be sure I behaved myself. When I heard them both say good-bye, I hung up the phone and looked down at him.
I was in the process of asking him what she had said when he lowered his head and engulfed my entire weenie in his warm loving mouth. At the same moment his lips wrapped around me, the finger between my cheeks poked inside a little bit. I squealed loudly. It felt so good. My legs spread even wider and I leaned back on my elbows on his dining room table.
His tongue caressed me, he sucked so hard, and his finger pressing farther in my bottom was too much to handle. My back arched so deeply and I began gasping for air. My limbs turned to jelly and I felt like I might faint. Just when I was about to squirt my juices, he pulled off. His hands shot back to my weenie and applied pressure in those magic places to keep me from cumming. I wiggled and thrashed around on the table, trying to push his hands away so I could have the orgasm I needed so badly. But Mr. Reynolds was far too strong, it was like trying to push a wall! He was going to do whatever he wanted, and I couldn't stop him. But that thought didn't frighten me in the least, deep down in my heart, I knew he'd never harm me.
When the feeling had passed and my body calmed down, Mr. Reynolds slowly removed his fingers. As he did, I looked down just in time to a little stream of crystal clear liquid drizzled from my desperate weenie. It wasn't an orgasm, it didn't feel like an orgasm, it was like all the precum oozed out at once instead of slowly over time. I was still hornier than I'd ever been. After being teased to the verge of orgasm twice, my level of arousal had skyrocketed.
Brandon had a way of talking me into doing things, things I wasn't excited about doing. Things like exposing my body in places I shouldn't and telling him my deepest fantasies. But his dad, Mr. Reynolds could have told me to do anything at that point and I would have. I was writhing on the table in front of him. When I moved to touch myself, he slapped my hand. He stood up and looked down upon me. I tried to explain how horny I was, how badly I needed to cum. He stood there looking down on me smiling. He told me he understood but that it wasn't time yet.
I looked up at him from the table and asked if he was going to make love to me. He smiled warmly and told me perhaps he would. He then asked how many different men I'd been with. While trying to look as sexy as I could, I told him I'd only been with Brandon. And that was only twice. I explained that we tried dozens of times before he actually got it in me. It's not that I didn't want to do it, it just hurt really bad! The little butt-plug helped, but it was always painful when Brandon first penetrated my body. Mr. Reynolds informed me that when he did make love to me, there would be no pain involved. He would take his time and ensure I felt only pleasure the first time he penetrated me. I shivered at the thought and struggled to tear my eyes away from the huge bulge in his pants.
Mr. Reynolds rose to his feet and looked down upon my body. I lay on his dining room table, not wearing a single thread of clothing, my bald penis was throbbing wildly, aching for attention. I spread my legs wider, wide enough that he could easily stand between them, I wanted it to look like an invitation. My bare feet rested on the edge of the table. I bit my lower lip while thrusting my hips up and down rhythmically. I laid my arms above my head and stretched out on his dining room table looking as sexy as I could.
He picked up his phone from where I'd set it on the table. He then said we should start making our own collection of pictures. And me laying on the table would be the perfect one to begin with. He snapped off several pictures while I squirmed around and humped the air. After posing and performing in front of the camera for Brandon so often, I'd become extremely comfortable having my picture taken in compromising situations. To be perfectly honest, I loved posing naughtily while having pictures taken!
After snapping off several dozen pictures from different angles, Mr. Reynolds informed me that I was one hell of a cock-tease. I frowned a pouty frown and told him I'd never left a hard-on unattended and I didn't plan on starting now! Sitting up and scooting forward until I slid off the table on my bare feet. I approached Mr. Reynolds and without breaking eye contact, I laid my right hand over the throbbing bulge in his khaki's. It was much thicker than his son's and I had to be equally as long. In my very best, high-pitched, innocent voice I said, "Oh my goodness! Did I do this?" with every word I spoke, I gently squeezed the thick, hard shaft under my hand.
In a deep, almost growl, he told me he now understood why I was punished. Wrapping his arms around my waist and lifting me off my feet, he kissed me while I threw my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist. His rock-hard cock was pressed against my much smaller penis. He began to quickly walk through the house, I didn't care where he took me at that point. I squirmed in his arms while we kissed with a passion I had never experienced before. It was a wet, loud kiss that didn't stop until he laid me on his bed.
When he stood up and began unbuttoning his shirt, I slid off the bed onto my knees. Reaching up, I began to undo his belt and khaki's. Looking up into his eyes, I pulled down the zipper and opened his pants. Reaching inside, I wrapped my hand around his thick, hard cock. He reached down and helped to lower his pants. Not a word was spoken as I knelt there holding his cock in my hands. He had a musky masculine smell about him and I had a difficult time tearing my eyes away from his cock. As I'd guessed, it was thicker and longer than his son's. His balls were also much larger and hung so low. His body was covered in hair, but not so much that it was gross. It was the perfect amount.
Leaning in, I parted my lips and stretched them around the head of his cock. He was already leaking precum and that manly taste stuck to every one of my taste-buds. I licked and sucked the head of his cock, I made love to it with my mouth. He laid his hands on my head while moving so he could sit on the bed. I found myself kneeling comfortably between his legs. Both my hands were wrapped around the shaft of his cock and I held the head in my mouth. I stroked up and down his throbbing shaft while sucking, licking and kissing the head.
Mr. Reynolds was leaning back on his hands, looking down on me while I gave him my best handjob/blowjob combo. After a deep moan, he told me he'd dreamed of this happening for quite a while. He told me he once came home early during my last days of school and saw Brandon swimming laps in the pool while I laid out tanning my body on lounge chair. He remembered I was wearing the little yellow panties he liked so much and the sun was glistening off my heavily oiled body. He told me he'd never been jealous of his son until that day. He told me he'd never seen anything more desirable than me that day. He confessed that he had gone to his room that day and jacked off while fantasizing about fucking me.
I pulled my lips off of his cock with an audible 'pop'. While still stroking his cock with my hands, I licked my lips. In my sexiest voice, I told him he didn't need to fantasize anymore. With a coy look on my face, I then asked him if he wanted to fuck me. He smiled and said I was going to be handful.
While helping me up on the bed, he told me he didn't want to rush. He said he did want to fuck me, but not that day. One day soon, he was going to take his time to prepare me. And once I was ready, he was going to fuck me long and hard in every position imaginable. He was going to show me what it feels like to be made love to by a man.
I whimpered softly while he lifted me up as if I didn't weigh a thing and put us in a 69 position with me on top. While I wrapped my lips around his cock once again, he took my penis between his fingers and slowly stroked its modest length. He said that today he was too excited. He wanted our first lovemaking session to last for hours. And there was no way he could last that long today.
He then took my penis into his mouth and gave me a very sensual blowjob. His fingers drifted up and spread my cheeks wide. He tapped on my wrinkled hole with one finger. After moistening that finger, he then pressed it just inside my body. My back arched deeply and I whimpered with his cock still in my mouth. We were in no rush, but we were both extremely horny. The sexual tension between us could be cut with a knife. Whatever he was doing to my penis was too much for me to handle. And all too soon, I felt myself getting extremely close to squirting. I popped my mouth off of his cock and tried to tell him I was going to cum. He only wrapped his strong arms around my waist and kept my penis lodged in his loving mouth.
When my orgasm began, I knew it was going to be memorable. My balls pulled up tight and goosebumps rose all over my body in waves. My mind got a little fuzzy and then every muscle in my body went completely taut. I think I screamed, yelled or moaned, I'm not sure. But I remember feeling his still hard cock resting against my cheek with my nose buried in his pubic hair. My body spasmed and twitched while I squirted glob after glob of my creamy love into Mr. Reynolds mouth. I was breathing so deeply, gasping for breaths really. It must've taken me several minutes to fully recover from that most powerful orgasm.
Even when I rose up and took his cock as deeply into my mouth as I could, I was still seeing stars. One second I was on cloud nine, the next second, the post-orgasm blues took over my mind and I felt embarrassed and guilty for all that I'd done that day. But I somehow muscled through those feelings until they passed. Mr. Reynolds kept rubbing and fingering my little wrinkled hole while leaving my penis along, knowing how sensitive it would be so soon after cumming so hard.
I concentrated on giving Mr. Reynolds the blowjob he'd fantasized about getting from me. It took longer than I expected and when I saw his big balls pull up toward his body, my jaw was aching. Knowing he was so close to cumming, I got a second wind. I sucked his cock and jacked him off with a renewed sense of lust.
In between moans, Mr. Reynolds asked if I was ready. I didn't answer. I kept going, not wanting to break my stride. His meaty cock swelled in my hands and mouth and his balls pulled up even farther. With a deep moan, his fat cock erupted in my mouth. A massive amount of cum filled my mouth and I swallowed as quickly as I could. I'd barely gotten it down before my mouth was filled once again. The third load was smaller and easier to handle and the last few were just drops. I kept him in my mouth until I was sure he'd finished and I'd swallowed every drop.
When my lips 'popped' off of his cock, I couldn't stop myself from giggling. I don't know why I giggled. The situation wasn't funny. But it had felt so good. It was as if we were meant to be together, like we'd been waiting a long time to be together. No matter the reason for my case of the giggles, Mr. Reynolds soon had me flipped around and was holding me in his arms while we kissed. My penis was soon throbbing against his leg.
Mr. Reynolds excused himself to use the restroom. When he returned, he began getting dressed. I sat on the bed with my legs crossed and pouted. I whined that I thought we were going to do that again. He reminded me that he was quite a bit older than I and that he needed time to rest between orgasms. Laying back on the bed, I reached down and began to tickle my penis.
When Mr. Reynolds was once again dressed, he picked up his phone and began snapping more pictures. I squirmed around on the bed while playing with myself. My photographer asked me to get on my knees, face down, ass up! While snapping more pictures, he told me that this is how he wanted to fuck me. He explained that he could hold onto my hips and really fuck me deep and hard in that position.
Hearing him talk about how he was going to fuck me got into my head. With one arm stretched out above my head, the other was between my spread thighs stroking my penis. With my knees spread so far apart, my butt wasn't very high, but it was spread for him. He kept taking pictures, lots and lots of pictures. As I neared orgasm, Mr. Reynolds said we should consider posting some of my pictures online!
Like father, like son. Brandon had once blurred out my face on a picture of me standing naked in park at night. He posted that picture on gay, dating website. He had used an anonymous email account for that site. The messages that poured in from that single picture were shocking! There were so many of them! All from guys and men explaining in great detail all the nasty things they'd love to do to me! It was honestly a huge boost to my self-esteem.
I shared that story with Mr. Reynolds while he continued to take pictures of me. When I'd finished, he suggested we post a few more pictures to that account. But this time he said we'd show my face. I whimpered softly and told him Brandon and I had talked about that. I told him I really wanted to, but I was scared at the same time. Someone I knew could see it! Eventually Brandon and I decided the blurred picture was safest.
I moaned softly and my back arched deeply. I was about to roll onto my back when Mr. Reynolds sat beside my knees on the bed. He reached between my legs and took hold of my stiff penis. He slowly and gently pulled it back between my legs. When it was pointed directly away from my head, he used his other hand to slowly and gently stroke it up and down. I'd never had my penis in that position before. It pulled on strange muscles in my stomach and forced me to arch my back deeper than ever before. The longer he kept it in that odd position, the better it felt. It was like a special way to pleasure a feminine guy like me!
Mr. Reynolds could tell I was quickly approaching a second orgasm. He never slowed his gentle stroking, nor did he speed up. He kept a steady pace. Those same goosebumps rose up over my body in waves. My little wrinkled hole tingled and flexed. And a moan from deep inside my body echoed in the room. I clawed at the bedcoverings and felt my toes curl up tight. From that odd position, with my penis pulled all the way back, I couldn't squirt like I normally did. It oozed out of me in a big glob. He kept me in that position until the waves of pleasure had passed. Only then did he allow my penis to return to its normal position.
I rolled onto my back, completely exhausted after that second orgasm. After kissing me, he raised his cupped hand and showed me he'd caught my cum. He raised it to my lips and slowly poured the cum that had just left my penis, into my mouth. Before swallowing, I opened my mouth and showed it to him. Closing my lips, I then swallowed and opened my mouth wide again.
Mr. Reynolds kissed my lips and told me he was going to love the time we spent together. I felt extremely sexy laying in bed naked, while he was fully dressed. I whispered that I was going to love our time together too. Lifting my head up off the mattress and just as our lips touched, the buzzer went off on the washing machine.
We both smiled and understood we'd have to get up. So together, we rose up off the bed and walked hand in hand to the laundry room. I stood by while he lifted the lid to the washer. He paused while looking down at my clothes which were spun against the side of the drum. With a smile, he transferred my clothes to the dryer. While closing the door and setting the machine, he informed me that even when my clothes were dry, he wasn't going to let me get dressed until just before 9:00. He wanted me to remain naked for as long as possible.
We spent the rest of the evening on the couch. We ordered pizza, looked through the rest of the pictures from that backpack and talked about anything that came to mind. The last thing we did before I was given my clothes was post one picture he'd taken on that gay dating site. The picture we decided upon was of me on the dining room table. I was on my back, knees bent, obviously very aroused and looking right into the camera. Mr. Reynolds loved the idea of posting a picture that showed my face online. He knew the odds of anyone I knew seeing it were extremely remote and he told me so. I was very nervous about it. But I'd dreamed of posting something like that since Brandon and I posted that first picture.
He sent me home without making me cum again. Even though I was more than ready for my next orgasm, he told me he didn't want to spoil me on our first date! I walked home that evening completely infatuated with Mr. Reynolds. His smell lingered in my nose, his taste remained on my tongue and his image wouldn't leave my mind.