I think some men might think it strange but very erotic to find out that women can be just as "kinky" and imaginative when it comes to masturbating. I mean I have heard the stories, as we all have I'm sure.
Some men hollow out a loaf of warm bread, or take raw liver and wrap it around their cock and stroke it until they come. I've heard of a "watermelon cocktail", no pun intended of course. I have even watched as a partner I enjoyed playing with, had me take a stuffed bear and open the seam between the legs. I watched and played with my pussy as he humped furiously away until he had emptied his balls of all that hot cream he had built up for a week of no sex.
Personally I look for anything that resembles a cock, anything that can fit between my legs and pussy lips. Something I can hump against to relieve my pent up sexual energy when I have been alone for too long. Not that I don't have toys, hell I keep the adult toy industry in business for fucks sake!! But there is a part of me, a darker more kinky part that enjoys the idea of unconventional "playthings" to use and I keep an eye out for them all the time.
I remember many many years ago when I was out of work, my job was phased out, and I had plenty of time on my hands while looking for a job. Needless to say, I had a lot of frustration from not finding anything at the time, which I tried to relieve by masturbating all day when the kids were at school or visiting their grand-parents.
I remember many nights sitting in my back yard on the picnic table, looking up at the stars at all hours in my nightgown and realizing how damn dark the yard was. I noticed how much the trees and shrubbery really sheltered our view and gave us a lot of privacy, especially during the spring/summer and fall months when the foliage was full and lush.
This, of course, led to other thoughts and I couldn't help but trail my fingers down between my legs to find I was wet from my thoughts of exposure possibilities. I guess if I were to admit it. I would have to say that was probably the beginning of my exhibitionistic desires.
Our back yard butted up to a major thoroughfare that was well traveled for the better part of each day, even late at night and while I could see into the passing cars, I was curious and wondered if they could see into our yard through the bushes? What that thought did was surprising even to me! I could feel my pussy dripping with the thought of exposing my pussy to passing cars and that night I was determined to give someone a free and open view of my pussy and my playing.
I had neighbors but the line of hedges between the houses made a wonderfully thick curtain. Still I knew the men who lived around the area and some would walk their dogs late at night, so if they chose to look over the hedges, well who knows, maybe their wives would have gotten lucky on those nights!
Anyway, this one particular night, it was during the warmest part of an Indian summer and I put the kids to bed, got into my nightgown, nothing underneath and debated stepping out of the sliding glass door just a bit frightened but shaking slightly with anticipation and excitement of what I wanted to do. But my inner desire for satisfaction was not taking no for an answer and I checked one last time on the children, made my way back to the sliding glass door and stepped out into the yard at 2:30 am.
I slid my nightgown off, feeling the breeze against my nipples as they stiffened and something inside of me made me walk around my yard stark naked, bouncing my tits up and down and strutting my stuff like a fool!
I walked over to the hedge that butted against the road and stood there as a few cars drove by. Their lights were shining just enough to highlight my skin as I slowly pushed my way through the bushes. Thankfully the branches and leaves were flexible, otherwise I would have been covered with scratches, which at the time I would not have cared, because my only thought was to share my tits, my nipples, my bare ass and exposed pussy to drivers out that night.
I stayed close to the bushes but without hesitating, I slid my hands between my legs, and was amazed at how hot and wet I was! I could not help myself at that point and I rammed my fingers deep into my pussy and pumped them as hard as I could and I came so fucking hard and fast even I was surprised!
I couldn't stop myself and as I watched a car approach, I fingered my clit and knew whoever the driver was; they were going to get an eyeful if they just turned and followed the beams of their headlights as it hit me standing there and finger fucking my pussy.
I fucked myself like a madwoman coming again and again and I didn't care who drove by. I knew the road was sometimes patrolled but at that point all I cared about was exposing my pussy, showing off what I was doing and coming until my juices ran down my legs. What a fucking orgasm I had each time I ran my finger across my stiff little clit..again and again and again.
All I could think of was the picture I must have made and all I wanted was to show them my pussy and my playing!! I whispered as each passerby came and went, "look at my pussy, it is tasty and hot and needs to be fucked." "Come and stop and fuck me hard, make me scream and come all over your hard cock!" That was what I needed and I came so hard my knees got weak and I thought I better get my night gown on before a cop comes along and drags me away in handcuffs!
But my desire was still not done and with no thought whatsoever I marched into my house, grabbed the keys to my car and walked out to the driveway where my little car was parked. Still naked mind you but not giving a fuck at that point, except to be sure the kids were still asleep.
I opened the car door not thinking about the light and quite honestly, not caring as it shined all over my naked body! I wanted any one to see my tits, my hard little nipples and realize I was bare-assed and sitting in my car at that hour. Maybe one of the neighborhood men would be out walking his dog and maybe I could entice him to take a taste or dip his cock into a willing and wet pussy!!
I sat in the seat and proceeded to finger myself and not surprisingly, the windows started fogging up the more I played. I looked around the car for anything I could fuck myself with and almost like a beacon, the emergency lever was pointing upwards like a hard cock just waiting to be mounted.
Like most women during that time when we were all concerned about "safe sex" I carried condoms in my glove compartment, for those impromptu times I might get lucky. I reached over, opened the glove box, grabbed a condom, ripped open the package and proceeded to cover my "stiff upstanding lover."
I straddled the emergency brake, one leg on each side and slowly slid my wet cunt down the entire length until it was buried deep inside of my pussy and touching bottom. It helped being limber for sure, but I slid up and down on my new toy feeling almost as good as a cock fucking me and I was so in need of that!!
Deciding to change positions, I turned around and took the "doggy style" approach and fucked my cars brake up and down nice and slow, in and out. Even with the windows fogged up I could see my juices coating the lever. I pumped that "cock" and imagined I was being fucked by my next door neighbor as he wrapped his arms around my hips and humped up against my pussy.
Oh yeah, nice and slow, in and out I slid my cunt on that shaft and every few minutes I slid up far enough to let my clit rub against that hard button and along the entire shaft and enjoyed the feeling as it hit the nub just right. I had to be careful because even though I wanted to fuck that thing like a cock, it didn't have the give of a stiff dick so slamming my pussy down was a no, no for sure.
Each slow stroke massaged my pussy and like a second smaller mouth my pussy lips wrapped themselves tightly around the lever and sucked it in, hungry for the release it was giving me. In and out, again and again I slid on that stiff shaft fantasizing about sharing my playtime with someone, anyone just to feel the excitement of knowing they are watching.
I looked at the gear shift and wondered how that round knob would feel as I rode it up and down. The top was thicker than the rest but when I tried to slide down, I realized the knob was too big to fit into my pussy, even as wet as it was. So I got back on my "lovers handle" and stroked it up and down making my pussy come and watching my juices coat it the same way they slide down a stiff dick when I fuck it.
It may have been slimmer than the gear shift knob but it definitely took care of the need I had to feel like I was fucking a cock. So I stayed there humping up and down until my legs felt weak and I could catch my breath.
Very slowly, I slid off my "lover's lever," making sure to slide the condom off, and I made a mental note to clean off any pussy juice the next day. I locked the car door, went inside, without my nightgown, which I had left outside by the patio door. I grabbed it, closed and locked the sliding glass door and smiled as I went to jump into the shower.
I made sure that the brake handle and the gear shift rod were always clean and decided to change the name of my car to something more masculine and explained to the girls it just seemed like the right thing to do. Maybe it did not make sense to anyone but me, but when I would get horny and adventurous enough to fuck my lover's hard handle, I would be able to whisper his name as he made me come over and over again.
I never did take the time or interest to see if I had an audience that night, or any other night thereafter whenever the urge came over me. But a couple of days later, I got a wink from my next door neighbor and out of the blue my mailman jokingly asked if I had a man to handle the jobs around the house that I couldn't take care of by myself?
When I smiled and said I could handle just about anything that "came up" he winked and replied, "I'll bet you can!" I wonder? Did my neighbor get an eyeful that night, or any other night I played with my car/lover? Did he and the mailman share a story or two? So be it I thought, I hoped my adventures gave "rise" to some very pleasant experiences for the two of them.
I guess when my neighbor came over, hugged me when I was moving away and said how much I would be missed, there was more than just a friendly word said in passing?
I do miss that place and that car!! No one could understand the tears that slid down my cheek when the car had to go! Who says Toyota's aren't built to handle the demands we put on them? You'll never hear me say that!!