You may already have read some of my earlier escapades involving different cocks sliding in and out of my pussy and ass. I've worked as a Stripper for a few years, have enjoyed the lusty pleasures of the swinging scene, been on the receiving end of a few photographers cock whilst posing for them and I've enjoyed the immense pleasure of numerous lovers.
With regard to my next tale, it involves the time my husband James wanted me to be the perfect slut host to him and two friends for an evening of poker. Both guys were unaware of our open relationship lifestyle and James promised if I found them sexually attractive I could engage in some extra marital activities.
Most of you will be aware of my 36DD-23-36 figure that is always on view, due to my penchant for the tightest revealing clothing. You all know by now I'm a massive exhibitionist who loves to be the centre of attention. At tonight's poker game I was dressed in a skin tight top in shiny black cire at the front and black fishnet at the back. It was lace up at the front, from the neckline to just below the cleavage area, which my large firm breasts were stretching dramatically. I'd foregone the wearing of a bra and my nipples were like wine corks, pushing against the thin wet look material. I had chosen to wear a tiny, tight black mini skirt, underneath I was wearing fishnet stockings held in place by a sexy black garter belt.
My tiny feet were adorned in the most incredibly high heeled black strappy platforms, something I often wore when I was out working the stripper circuit. If nothing untoward was to happen, at least I would be sexually gratified in the knowledge that I would tease the living daylights out of the guys tonight.
James had prepared the card table, ensuring the chips were near each player, that a glass was at the ready for the beers and the MP3 Player was on low volume playing all of my favourite sexy R&B tunes. On the worktop surface was bowls of potato chips, peanuts and various salty cheese snacks.
I walked into the kitchen, my heels clicking loudly on the tiled floor, causing James to turn around. His jaw dropped and a smile broke across his face when he saw my attire for the evening.
"Will I prove to be a distraction to your friends?" I smiled seductively, walking across the kitchen, swaying my hips deliberately.
"You're proving to be a distraction to me dressed like the perfect slut!" James grinned, his eyes following every move.
I leant against a worktop surface and turned slowly to face James. I moved the tight mini skirt above my pussy, showing James my tight shaved pussy, covered by the most see through thong imaginable. I smiled looking James directly in the eye, which proved fruitless as his eyes were staring at my barely covered shaved mound. Running my middle finger of my left hand, slowly up and down my lace covered slit.
"So do you like my outfit for tonight?" I purred, watching James swallow heavily.
"I fucking love that I married a dirty slut!" he whispered.
I was just about to open my legs and tease James further, when the front doorbell rang.
Our card playing guests had arrived. I smoothed my tight tiny mini skirt down and made my way to our hallway to open the door and greet our guests. The two guys who were coming this evening, I'd never met them before, so when I opened the door I had no idea what to expect. As I slowly opened the oak panelled door I found only one guest on the door step.
"Wow! You must be Suzi!" my guest stated, eyeing me up as his face flushed a little "Sorry but it's just me this evening, Brian can't make it tonight!"
"So you must be Neil?" I quizzed.
"Sorry, yes I'm Neil!" he said extending his hand out to shake as a means of introduction.
Taking his hand I moved close to him and kissed him on the cheek softly. My lips moved to his ear, blowing my warm breath into his aural cavity, I whispered sensually.
"It's my pleasure to meet you Neil!" My tongue gently caressing his earlobe "I hope you enjoy your visit tonight!" I teased.
Neil was not backwards in coming forwards, placing his hands around my waist, pulling me even closer to him. My unfettered breasts pushed into his chest as his hands moved toward my buttocks. My garter straps were beneath his groping hands as he lightly squeezed my ass.
I did not object or move his hands away as he smiled.
"I'm having the time of my life right now!" he said as I felt his erection twitch against my stomach, and let me tell you, it was quite an impressive erection.
We slowly pulled apart and Neil stepped across the threshold. He brazenly eyed me up and down, almost smacking his lips with delight as I escorted him through to the kitchen. I took one last look at his prominent package and felt my pussy fizzing with sexual excitement. Neil was undoubtedly a well groomed handsome man and that cock looked and felt very impressive.
We walked into the kitchen to find James was already seated. He stood to welcome our guest, extending his right hand, he pointed it towards Neil, greeting him into our household with a warm welcoming handshake.
"Where's Brian?" James enquired.
"Brian has been called into work and can't make it!" Neil responded.
"Oh well that leaves more beer and food for us!" James laughed.
"You kept your extremely hot wife secret! Why didn't you tell me she was such a babe?" Neil smiled looking over at me, as I stood with one hand on my hip and my legs slightly parted.
"Yeah she's very special is Suzi!" James grinned.
"Why thank you for the compliments gentleman!" I smiled confidently "It's nice to receive such high praise from such SEXY men!" I smiled emphasising the word sexy.
Both guys sat at around the kitchen table, which now had a green baize cloth covering, for the evenings poker game. They were opposite each other, with James offering a new deck of cards for Neil to shuffle.
Neil broke the cellophane seal on the cards, taking them from the pack, he removed the Jokers and the bridge card and began to masterfully shuffle the cards like a Las Vegas croupier.
"So what is the opening stake?" James smiled as Neil kept shuffling the pack.
"How about one to open and raise and the winner not only gets the pot, but sexy Suzi here gets to sit on the winners knee as a lucky charm!" Neil grinned, revealing his charm and confidence, as he leant back in his high backed chair.
I giggled at the prospect of being a winning prize for the evenings entertainment. James was aware that I was wearing a tight see through thong and would be thrilled to squirm around on a lap, Neil was oblivious to this fact but smirked confidently at his suggestion. My devilishly sexy mind began conjuring up scenarios, which began to make my pussy tingle and send my prospect of naughtiness up another level.
"Shall we?" James smiled as Neil began to deal the cards.
James placed one chip into the centre of the table. Picking up his cards, he spread them in his hands looking studiously at them. Neil flicked a chip in to the centre of the table and scooped his cards into his hand. Spreading them like a fan, he smiled gently and looked across at James.
James didn't draw a card, instead choosing to push another chip into the pot. Neil's expression never changed as he also placed a chip into the pot, without drawing any cards. The atmosphere of the room had changed, once the seal on the cards had been broken, and now I could feel the testosterone level had increased in the room. I enjoyed the increase in masculinity, feeling my own hormones running amok, knowing that I was about to be part of the prize. I decided that when it occurred I would make the winner feel that he had received more than a prize. My pussy was tingling with sexual electricity. My almost naked pussy would be sliding along the thigh of one of my sexual warriors very soon.
"Lets keep this friendly!" James smiled "Let's show now!"
Neil nodded in agreement as James turned his cards onto the table revealing two pairs. Neil looked down at the cards, his face expressionless as he slowly revealed his own hand.
A straight flush lay on the green baize, as Neil smiled and scooped the pot toward him.
Smiling like a Cheshire Cat, he pushed his chair back slightly, opened his legs and slapped his right thigh.
"I think you'll find I've just won your wife!" Neil laughed.
James joined in with Neil's laugh, as I sensually moved across the kitchen floor, doing my best stripper walk, my hands on my hips. I stood between Neil's legs and slowly turned so my back was to him. I began to move down on to his lap, one high heeled shoe either side of his foot as I nestled my firm taut buttocks on to his muscular thigh. My legs were slightly parted, which moved my tight skirt a little higher up my stockinged thigh. Neil placed his right hand around my waist, as it slid to the front of my right thigh, resting on the strap of garter belt. His fingers spread out and he began to slowly manipulate my garter strap and stockinged thigh. I didn't object to any of his rather forward antics, instead I secretively encouraged him by slowly parting my legs, making my tight mini skirt ride even further up my thighs, allowing Neil to feel my stocking tops and the bare flesh of my upper thigh. None of this would be visible to James as it was happening below the table.
"This is the best winnings I've ever had!" Neil grinned "Tell you what Suzi, why don't you deal the cards, then we'll know that no cheating has occurred!" He winked at James, who laughed at his friends antics.
I picked up the deck of cards and dealt two hands. The guys were drawing cards and throwing chips into the pot.
Neil held his cards tightly with his left hand, whilst his right hand was sensually stroking my right thigh. His fingertips moved to my inner thigh and I felt my chest heave slightly as my legs opened a fraction more, which Neil took as a signal to slowly move his caressing fingertips higher up my inner thigh. He was no more than an inch from my shaved pussy, carefully concealed by the sheer gossamer thong, which at this point was clinging to my shaved mound, becoming increasingly wetter as Neil's wandering fingertips aroused me.
James had called Neil to see his hand. Again Neil won the hand and reached forward to collect the pot. As he did so, I was moved slightly as I raised myself off his thigh, then repositioned myself on his lap. This time I placed my left leg on the outside of his left leg, with my right leg replicating the movement.
My skirt was now so high up my thigh that my almost naked buttocks were nestling against Neil's trousers. I could now feel his granite hard erection throbbing against me. I squirmed deliberately to ensure Neil's hard cock nestled directly between my buttocks. My thong had now pulled in to my shaved slit, moving against my exposed clitoris, taking my state of arousal to an almost uncontrollable level. James noticed my flushed look as I gently bit my bottom lip, trying to stifle my arousal. James looked at me with a wry smile as Neil's fingers eased closer to my shaved mound. I parted my legs even further and leaned back into Neil's chest, as his inquisitive fingers rested on the sheer gossamer of my tight see through thong. His fingers gently grazed my shaved mound and slit, sending impulses of sexual electricity directly through my pussy. I let out the quietest of moans as Neil's fingers tickled my pussy while his hard cock throbbed between my cheeks.
James could see my undoubted state of arousal and decided to up the up the ante.
"This next hand, how about the winner gets Suzi on their lap with her dress off?" he smiled revealing to Neil the possibility of things going further. Neil had now grasped that we were a couple in an open relationship and coolly agreed, even adding a little twist.
"Sounds good, but as opposed to strip poker, the winning guy should remove some articles of clothing. It's only fair if Suzi is going to be expected to sit around in her underwear!" Neil grinned.
James nodded his head in agreement as he looked at me for approval.
"This sounds like it could be fun me sitting on your laps in my sexy lingerie while you guys are in your underwear!" I giggled "Are you sure you'll be able to concentrate on your cards?"
"If you're in your lingerie, squirming on my lap, then to hell with the cards!" Neil laughed as his right hand gently stroked my gossamer clad mound below the table. James had no inclination that his friend was rubbing my married pussy, or how much of my stockinged legs were being revealed, but judging by the amount of squirming and gentle moans emanating from my mouth, he was beginning to realise that something was occurring beneath the table.
James dealt the next hand as Neil continued to softly caress my thong covered slit. I can't be sure but it looked like James had deliberately lost the hand to see how far I would go.
I stood up from Neil's lap, my tight mini skirt had rolled up somewhat, revealing my stocking tops and garter straps. I unzipped the skirt and let it slide down my stockinged thighs, revealing my see through thong, which had pulled up so tight, every detail of my shaved pussy was on view.
"Do I remove my top?" I grinned as both guys stared at me.
"Yeah why not!" James smiled, leaning back into his chair.
Neil had unbuckled his trousers and had kicked them off his feet. He was sitting in just his tight t-shirt with a pair of tight Calvin Klein briefs, a rather prominent hard cock, stretching the fabric of his briefs. My pussy tingled at the sight of his package straining at the leash. I looked over at James and said.
"If the top is coming off then so is this thong. It's digging in to me and it's not very comfortable!"
James smiled a rather coy smile and said.
"Sure, why not! You need to be comfortable babe!" he drawled sexily.
"Well, if you're getting comfortable then I am also!" Neil stated removing his tight black briefs, as his rock hard cock thrust upwards.
I turned to face James and slid my tight wet look top over my head, unleashing my firm 36DD breasts. My nipples were proudly erect as I arched my back, bending forward slightly and slid my wet see through thong down my thighs. Stepping out of the thong, revealing my smooth slit to Neil as my shaved pussy was now revealed.
I eased myself down towards Neil's lap as my buttocks separated and pressed his hard cock against his stomach. I could feel his cock pulsate as he twitched it between my buttocks, agitating the sensitive flesh of my puckered asshole. My slit had begun to open like a flower in bloom searching for the sun, as I felt the delightful heat of the shaft of his cock, pressing hard against my wet pussy opening.
My large breasts were hanging freely, my erect nipples were like wine corks with my firm full breasts swaying gently as I squirmed on Neil's lap.
Neil stroked my garter straps beneath the table as he looked across at James, who was smiling approvingly. His fingertips delicately aroused the goose bumped flesh of my stockinged thighs as I opened my thighs a fraction more, but enough to give Neil the signal that I was approving his actions. I smiled at James as my eyes began to half close with pent up lust.
"James could you deal, and Suzi you can play my cards for me!" Neil stated cheekily, as his hands went around my waist, his fingers spreading out, moving down the front toward my exposed pussy.
James dealt as requested, looking over at his wife displaying her naked breasts brazenly, squirming on the lap of his naked friend, sitting on his naked cock wearing only garters and fishnet stockings, with her naked married pussy in direct contact with his card playing friends rigid cock flesh. I squirmed on Neil's lap at the bizarre sexual situation we had created, his cock twitching incessantly as my wet shaved slit slid the length of his cock. Neil's hands landed between my opened legs, brushing my shaved mound. All of this was below the table so James could not see what was going on, only the flushed expression painted on mine and Neil's face.
I picked up the cards dealt to me just as Neil placed a hand either side of my shaved pussy lips, opening my swollen pussy lips wide. When he received no objection from myself, he sneakily stroked my clitoris, making me startle somewhat, as a sexual shudder ran up my spine.
My movement allowed his cock to slide forward, parting my shaved pussy, as the head of his cock slid gracefully inside my wet tight hole. Again with no objection from me, Neil slowly thrust upward as I leant forward onto the table. My large full breasts resting on the green baize as the soft felt material aroused my nipples. Neil's cock was now deep inside my pussy, filling me delightfully, stretching my tight hole as I winked at James.
James knew I was squirming on Neil's naked lap, with his cock in the vicinity, but he had no inkling that Neil's cock was buried deep inside my tight wet pussy.
I slowly rode Neil's cock delighted that James was blissfully unaware that his nearly naked slut wife was being fucked opposite him.
James stood up, smiled at me and said.
"I need a bathroom break!" then winked at me knowingly.
He walked out of the kitchen on the pretence of going to the bathroom. As soon as he left the room, Neil held my full breasts and began to tweak my nipples as his cock filled my pussy. I rode his length then leant back into his chest. I turned my head toward his as my panting mouth moved closer to him. His lips covered my own as we began exchanging saliva with our tongues.
Breaking our kiss, I looked him directly in the eye and whispered.
"Fuck me!"
"You're quite the naughty little slut aren't you?" Neil said squeezing my large breasts "I take it James knows all about this?"
"Not just yet, but he will know when he sees me riding this wonderful cock!" I panted.
"I've always wanted to fuck you Suzi and I always thought you'd be a dirty slut!" Neil whispered.
"Shut up and fuck me! Give me your cock and spunk!" I panted as I rode his cock expertly, squeezing the walls of my tight pussy around his magnificent shaft.
I could see James through the kitchen door smiling, giving us a few moments of privacy, as Neil fucked me delightfully behind my husbands back.
"I'm going to come!" I whispered, riding Neils cock like my life depended on it. His left hand squeezed my firm full breast as his right hand stroked my shaved pussy.
My orgasm built up and burst through my pussy. Neil had his index finger on my clitoris, moving it rapidly as female ejaculate burst from my pussy. I was writhing around on his cock in ecstasy, panting furiously, whispering into Neil's ear "Fuck Me!" repeatedly.
I saw James looking at my post orgasmic demeanour, sliding up and down Neil's hard cock as Neil squeezed my large firm breasts. James was grinning as his friend enjoyed my shaved pussy and huge firm breasts.
My legs were open wide, placed either side of Neil's legs, wearing only my stockings, Garter belt and high heels, sitting on my husbands friends cock. I was fucking him like the cheating slut I am, subserviently allowing a total stranger to slide his cock into my unfaithful married pussy.
James walked in as my orgasm was subsiding and it was impossible not to see that Neil and I were fucking. Neil looked somewhat startled, holding my full breasts as I bounced slowly on his cock. He continued squeezing my breasts as I bounced slowly on his huge erection.
James smiled at Neil and gave him a thumbs up.
"She is such a dirty slut! It's impossible not to fuck her!" James grinned "And she does love cock!"
Neil smiled back, squeezing my breasts delightfully, as I rode his cock, panting and moaning in my state of ecstasy. I leant back into Neil's chest, gyrating my hips as my husband witnessed Neil's cock sliding in and out of my smooth shaved pussy.
"She has such a tight pussy for such a filthy slut!" Neil said through gritted teeth. This aroused me immensely hearing Neil become more alpha and orally abuse me, while his cock was deep inside me as my husband looked on.
I was looking directly at James with half closed, lust filled eyes, feeling Neils cock slide deeper inside my pussy.
"James his cock is so much bigger and harder than yours!" I sighed "He can come around and fuck me anytime!" I added applying a layer of sexual humiliation on my husband which I know he adores.
"James your whore wife's cunt is sensational!" Neil whispered as I moaned loudly.
James winked at me approvingly as my eyes rolled with delight.
"Yes, her pussy is very tight!" James replied "Her ass is even tighter!" he exclaimed.
Neil looked shocked at James reply.
"You'd let me fuck her ass?" Neil squeaked, somewhat shocked at the information, his cock twitching and throbbing inside my pussy.
"That's not my decision! Suzi fucks who she wants and lets them fuck her where she wants!" James cordially responded.
"Make me come once more, then you can fuck my ass!" I panted, slipping my tongue on Neil's neck and gyrating my pussy on his delectable cock.
Neil pulled my head close to his and kissed me deeply. His tongue slid between my teeth and slithered inside my mouth. With his cock deep inside my pussy and his tongue swirling around my mouth, we could not be more joined than we were at that moment. Neil was thrusting upward as he twisted my aroused erect nipples.
"Fuck the slut!" James spoke softly, ordering his friend to defile his wife.
I groaned with unadulterated delight, hearing my husband encourage his friend to treat his wife like a total slut.
I rode Neils cock wildly, as his right hand smoothed over my shaved mound. His index finger stroked my blood engorged clitoris, enticing another orgasm out of me. I thrashed on his cock as a powerful orgasm surged through my whole body. A gush of female ejaculate burst from my cock filled pussy, as James looked on grinning, stroking his hard cock, still languishing in his trousers.
"Fuck me!" I repeated with every orgasmic breath.
"I don't think I can hold on much longer!" Neil admitted, informing me that his orgasm would be arriving very soon.
"Spit on my ass and slide your cock in!" I panted.
Neil bent me over the poker table as I held my ass cheeks wide open. He knelt between my legs and spat directly at my puckered rosebud. A shudder and tingle ran up and down my spine as my husbands friend began to abuse me for his own sexual gratification. His huge hard cock nudged against my tight sphincter, as inch by inch of his large weapon began to stretch and fill my tight asshole.
I panted almost begging.
"Fuck my ass! Fuck me deeper than my husband could!"
I looked up at my husband as he witnessed his slut wife taking a hard cock up her ass effortlessly.
James was smiling, almost proud at his slut wife being fucked and defiled by his friend.
"Give it to me!" I demanded as his cock slid in and out of my tight asshole.
James unzipped his cock, taking it from his trousers, he began to stroke the length slowly. His eyes never left me as he watched fervently as his friend fucked my ass.
James was nowhere near as big as Neil and I took it upon myself that I should sexually humiliate my husband.
"Oh Neil, your cock is so much bigger and harder than my husbands!" I groaned, looking James directly in the eye. He began to stroke his hard cock faster as I continued my oral humiliation.
"You can come around and fuck me anytime you want, whether James is here or not!" I panted watching James squirm with masochistic delight.
"I'm going to come up your ass!" Neil growled as the first splash of his powerful stream began to fill my asshole.
"Give me your spunk Neil!" I demanded "I want to feel your manly seed inside me!" I whispered, looking at James as his own orgasm arrived, spunk flying from his tiny slit, landing on the kitchen floor in dollops.
Neil growled and snarled as his spunk filled my ass. He gave my right buttock a hefty slap, leaving a red hand mark and said.
"I think I will fuck you again!" he smirked "She is a right dirty slut your wife!" Neil grinned.
James just nodded in agreement, his deflating cock still in his hand, the end weeping remnants of sticky come.
"If your man enough you can stay the night and fuck me some more! Maybe you guys can double penetrate me and leave all of your spunk inside me!" I smiled holding my full tits as Neil's receding cock slid out of my ass.
"Or you can both finish playing cards!" I quipped.
No prizes for guessing their response!
Slut: The Poker Prize Part 2
I was standing between my husband and his naked poker playing friend Neil. I was in a post orgasmic state wearing only a black garter belt, black fishnet stockings and very high heeled black strappy platform stiletto's. My huge firm breasts were on display with my wine cork nipples proudly jutting forward.
My shaved pussy was pulsating with excitement from what had just occurred.
Neil had just finished fucking my ass as my husband watched on, and his hot spunk was swimming around inside my colon. Neil was now sitting in his chair, stretched out and comfortable, his large cock semi erect.
His eyes were still full of lust and want, as he coolly observed my sexually draped body he had just devoured. I walked toward him, swaying my garter belt framed hips, smiling at him as I straddled his thighs, holding his cock in my right hand, I began to stroke the length slowly and deliberately. With my legs parted, my pussy had opened revealing my swollen shaved pussylips to Neil. I felt my heartbeat quicken as Neil grazed his fingertips across my swollen excited pussylips. I brushed my open lips across Neil's, slipping my tongue out to taste his hot lips.
James was watching every single movement as I began to arouse Neil's cock back to hardness. I moved my hot tight pussy close to his semi erect cock, close enough to feel his cock pulsing gently, sending little throbbing sensations onto my sensitive pussylips. I placed my hands at the back of his head, drawing his mouth close to mine and gave him the slowest sexiest kiss I've ever delivered. My tongue entwined with his own as our saliva intermingled. I was moaning with desire into Neil's busy mouth, as James stood behind me, his erect cock in his hand, as the protruding erection pushed into the flesh of my bare back.
Moaning with pleasure at Neils full on kiss, I felt James rub his cock down my back and snake its way between my buttocks. Neil was holding my firm full breasts as his cock began to harden and slip inside my greasy pussy. I moaned as his cock slid inside me, my pussy walls gripping his now rock hard shaft. James held my buttocks apart, nudging his cock against my puckered asshole. In one slow push, he effortlessly slid his entire length deep inside my asshole. I was being double penetrated and it felt sensational.
I'm such a slut, but I love the fact that my husband allows me to be this way.
Both guys stayed perfectly still, allowing me to get accustomed to two cocks inside me.
I rolled my hips gently, feeling both cocks throb inside me.
If my husband didn't allow my slut behaviour, then I'm not convinced I would have ever have experienced the delectable sensation of being doubled penetrated.
My head was spinning, my pussy tingling and my asshole stretching. This was a divine experience and one I knew I would repeat. The cocks began to slowly move, causing me to gyrate my hips, and enhance the naughty pleasure that was be bestowed to me. Neil began twisting my nipples, then moved his lips over the flesh of my neck. He started gently nibbling then his passion increased and he began biting my neck, leaving quite a large love bite.
James saw this and began to thrust his cock harder and deeper in to my asshole.
I threw my head back, moaning blissfully, enjoying my two studs pleasuring my lust.
"Fuck the dirty slut!" James growled, encouraging Neil to be more forceful with me.
Neil twisted my nipples harder, giving me a mixed sensation of tolerable pain and extreme pleasure.
"Can you feel my spunk up her ass?" Neil grinned, confirming to James that he had fucked my ass earlier, revelling in the fact that he had defiled his friends wife.
"Yeah I can feel your spunk greasing her tight hole!" James snarled "This slut is always full of strangers spunk!" James implying that he knew his wife was a cheating slut who'd enjoyed many cocks inside her outrageously sexy body.
My head was still thrown back, moaning in ecstatic pleasure as the two cocks fucked my holes, while the guys blissfully berated me with delicious slut dirty talk.
"Fuck me! Give your slut your spunk!" I demanded, riding both cocks like a lust filled pornstar.
A spark went off in my head, giving me a crazy lust filled idea. The notion of being a pornstar was now overbearing and bringing me closer to orgasm.
"I want you to film me being fucked!" I panted as a powerful orgasm surged through my ass and pussy, sending sexual electrical tingles through my entire body.
James slammed his cock inside my ass forcefully, holding my waist as he snarled aggressively.
"Take my spunk whore!" He uttered through clenched teeth and unleashed a powerful jet stream of hot spicy come deep inside my asshole.
My orgasm intensified with the addition of James sexual verbal onslaught. Neil smirked as he looked into my half closed eyes.
"You really are a dirty cheating slut who will let any man do anything to her, aren't you!" Neil grinned watching me becoming enthralled at my sexual subservience.
"Yes, I'm a cheating slut who will let anyone fuck her!" I panted "I want to be a slut for you guys!" I continued, gyrating my hips as the two cocks slid in and out of me. James' cock slid out due to my enthusiastic fucking, as Neil gritted his teeth and snarled.
"I want to come on your face and tits slut!" He demanded.
I jumped off his cock feeling James spunk trickle out of my asshole and run down my stockinged legs. I knelt before Neil as he positioned his cock, pointing toward my face. I opened my mouth, sliding out my tongue as though I was a catholic girl about to receive communion.
Neils cock erupted violently as the first spurt hit my tongue. The second spurt plastered my right cheek then the third spurt landed perfectly on my left breast. Mini spurts spewed from his cock as splashes of spunk hit my right breast and right cheek. I didn't think it possible that a man could come so much especially considering he'd unloaded in my ass not that long ago.
"Rub the spunk on your tits into your nipples, then scoop the spunk off your face and swallow it!" Neil insisted as James looked on gobsmacked.
Being the obedient slut that I am, I began to rub the creamy spunk into my tingling breasts. Looking Neil directly in the eye, I smeared my right index finger across my cheeks, collecting ever drop of spunk and guiding the sexual fluid toward my open mouth. As the spunk run over my lips and inside my mouth, I showed Neil his spunk swirling on my tongue. I closed my lips and with one deliberate swallow all of his spunk slid down my throat. I continued licking his deflating cock, almost making out with his domed helmet, sucking and nibbling the purple flesh. Neil groaned with pleasure as I delighted his sensitive glans with my teeth, lips and tongue.
James slapped my right buttock and laughed like a drain.
"You filthy cheating cum eating fuck slut!" He said shaking his head in dismay.
Neil looked down at my naked shiny spunk smeared breasts and said.
"Once we've recovered, you should change into something even more slutty and we can fuck all of your holes like the slut that you are, as we all become porn stars!"
James looked at me stunned but flushed with arousal. Gathering himself, he headed out of the kitchen to set up the video camera in our bedroom, where I was about to become a porn star.
I bit my lip and squirmed with sheer delight, enthralled at being treat just the way I wanted to be.
Now it was time to clean up, get changed and enjoy the delights of two hard cocks while a camera captured every sexy and depraved moment!
Part 3 to follow...