Note: this is an illustrated story with photos from a modeling session which took place specifically to complement this text. The photos are included with express permission of the model.
This is the third chapter in a story that began with fun on the balcony. Chapter 1 occurs on the first night at the hotel. Chapter 2 has no balcony fun whatsoever, but occurs the following evening. Chapter 3, which you are about to read, takes place at lunch the next day. Sadly it has no balcony fun either. Just truck fun. But we already named the first two chapters, so what can you do.
The two backstories for this series are important to the story line, so please read and enjoy them! There are lovely pictures in those stories too!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jake was working on his road trip, needed to move on, and couldn't stay past mid-afternoon. So he texted Rob early in the morning with a lunch invitation, Jake's treat. Rob, out of an abundance of caution, was still uncertain about Sayla's comfort with the events of the past two days so he checked with her first, and found her reaction to be very positive.
"I would VERY much like to see him again." Maybe a little TOO positive, Rob said to himself!
She mused, out loud, "Do you think he has some plans, like, a scheme for us to play again?"
Rob shrugged and showed her the text; it was just a lunch invitation. Rob guessed that Jake had a lot to get on with. Everyone has to act like an adult eventually, with jobs and kids and real life out there waiting for you.
Sayla went to the balcony for a smoke; Rob followed her out a minute later. He recognized when his wife was thinking hard.
"You seem preoccupied," said Rob.
Sayla just blurted it out. She had enjoyed playing around with him. It was fun. Jake was good looking, incredibly respectful, had good energy, and a hot, sexy disposition. And he was comfortable with the limits that Sayla set. Her two nights of play with Jake had, later, led to some of the best orgasms with Rob that she had ever had. She admitted she had been thinking about other ways they could have some fun. As she took a drag on her cigarette she closed her eyes in thought.
"I wonder if Jake would be ok with us taking charge at lunch?" Rob grinned with enthusiasm. He was all ears, never one to turn down an opportunity for playing, especially when it was his wife's idea. And so it was that Sayla and Rob hatched a plan. They would execute it during lunch and if things worked out, they would let nature take its course from there.
----------------------------

"Well, what do you think?"
Sayla spun a pirouette in the room. Rob had to remember to close his mouth as he gaped at his wife's outfit. She had on the shortest skirt he had ever seen her wear. Even though she was only 5'2" her legs seemed to go forever, leading to a tiny swatch of fabric that barely covered her ass. Playfully, she flipped the skirt up, revealing she had no underwear on. Her blouse was modest and white but she was clearly not wearing a bra. Her hair was in a ponytail, making her look maybe 18 years old, and 10x sexier than he could remember.
"Seriously, I should just fuck you right now."
Sayla wagged her finger no, "Tease first, play later. And besides, I'm starving! Where's Jake?"
Lunch was 20 minutes away so Jake had offered to drive. He pulled up in a huge black Chevy Silverado and beckoned his guests to hop in. Sayla hesitated, not sure whether to get in the front or back. Rob opened the passenger door and saw the bench seat had plenty of room for three, so Sayla slid in the middle beside Jake, and Rob took the passenger side.
As they drove away, Rob spied Jake trying to be cool about checking Sayla out. He kept glancing sideways and down, trying to get a better look at Sayla's legs and skirt, often enough that Rob was worried they would drive off the road. Sayla for her part was perfectly behaved, although she looked a little TOO innocent as she chatted up Jake.
Arriving at their destination, Rob could not help notice Jake being deliberately slow getting out of his truck. That meant he could be behind Sayla as they walked to the restaurant. Jake got a good long look at those legs and that short skirt, and started to think about the lovely bits under it. Something was pressing against his underwear right away, and he walked a little funny as a result. He made eye contact with Rob who raised his eyebrows and grinned. Game on, apparently.
They were seated for lunch in a semi-circular booth. As in the truck, Sayla slide into the middle between Rob and Jake. The server, a matronly woman with a large bosom, had gotten a glimpse of Sayla's provocative outfit as she walked into the restaurant. Rob was certain the lady did not approve, based on her frowns and glances at his wife.
Conversation was light and enjoyable as lunch proceeded. You could imagine that the only connection they had was a mutual interest in sex, but it turned out they had many other things in common. Jake's kids were older, but the same number and gender as Rob and Sayla's. They liked the same vacation spots, discovering they could possibly have been in the same place at the same time, years ago! Both guys liked the Steelers and couldn't believe Roethlisberger was still alive after all the hits he had absorbed over the years.
Sayla listened to the boys intently (or faked listening; seriously, the football stuff was boring) but her focus was on the warmth in her crotch. Really, all she could think about was the plan she and Rob had discussed.
She shifted slightly so that her leg was touching Jake's, then moved her hand to his thigh. He was in mid-sentence and paused for several seconds when he felt it, as his train of thought took a hit. She smiled, loving the effect she had on him, even with such a subtle touch. On her other side, she let her hand drift under the table to Rob's groin. They had done this often as a couple at restaurants, but never with anyone else at the table. Sayla knew the exact pressure to apply, and where, to get Rob hard.

After a while, she noticed that he too was having a tough time remembering what he was talking about, leaving his sentences incomplete. She bit her tongue to avoid laughing as she imagined the scrambled brains of these two men, trying to sort out their thoughts with their dicks interrupting them.
As they waited for their food, Sayla announced she needed to pop out for a cigarette. She motioned for Jake to slide out, and she went out behind him, knowing full well that he would be watching her as she walked away. She took two steps and flipped the back of her skirt up for only a second, enough that Jake could clearly see her bare ass. Rob thought Jake's eyes were going to fall onto the table, like Roger Rabbit in the movie.

As Sayla smoked outside, Jake looked at Rob and said, "Uh, buddy, what's goin on?"
Rob shrugged and smiled, "Playtime, my friend, just go with it. It is Sayla's rules today too."
Jake shrugged. That was good enough for him.
As Sayla approached the table again, Jake slid out just as she flashed the front of her skirt up, showing her naked bush. She couldn't help but grin. Jake squirmed as he sat back down, trying to get his growing cock to stop straining so hard against his pants.

As it turns out they were hungry for food too, so things were largely quiet as they gobbled their food. As Sayla finished her sandwich she decided to use her free hands for good deeds, sliding back under the table but this time on Jake's side. She didn't know his equipment at all, so figuring out where his dick would be in his pants and how to get a rise wasn't going to be quite as instinctive as with Rob. She laid her whole palm flat on his crotch and felt something growing. In a few seconds she had her hand on the clear outline of a cock hardening under her pressure, and moved to squeeze it slightly between her fingers. She didn't look at Jake but could see with her peripheral vision that he had paused in mid chew, a french fry halfway to his mouth, as he concentrated on what Sayla would do next.

Sayla withdrew her hand, as she didn't really want Jake blowing his load during lunch. She moved over to tickle Rob's zipper again. Then she tried a different trick. She reached for Rob's hand, again under the table, and guided it to her bare leg, then slowly up under her skirt, whereupon she guided it back away again. Tease. Rob cleared his throat and shifted in his seat.
Sayla kept the game up with Jake, but wanted things to be a bit more daring again. Under the table she took his hand and stroked his fingers one by one, like a cock, something she knew was erotic for her husband. Then she took his hand and guided it under her skirt. She parted her legs slightly, and slid Jake's hand slowly to the very fringes of her pubic hair. She nudged his fingers close to her slit, but not quite there. He could feel the warmth, the hair, and sensed wetness in her bush. He tried to subtly push closer to the prize but just as subtly she guided his hand away. Breathing again, Jake exhaled mightily as Rob snickered to the side, realizing just what a turn on this must be.
The game continued for several minutes. Sayla would take one of the guys' hands, slide it round under her skirt, into her pubic hair, then slide it back. They never got to her pussy exactly, maybe just barely touching the wetness that was forming there. They certainly got close enough for their imaginations to get their own dicks hard, straining under their pants. Each time she slid their hands back, she firmly ran her own over their cocks, clearly outlined in the fabric. Each time she upped the pressure they visibly strained harder to get more contact, more friction on their solid members.
While it was apparent that the guys were turned on by the games, Sayla was overheating as well. She could feel her exposed pussy was soaked - a feeling she didn't have that often, and especially in a public place without underwear. In addition, her nipples were straight out with lust, and every time the server came to the table she glared at Sayla as though some commandment had been broken.
Jake was enjoying the game but it was getting close to time to go. He was uncertain about where the game was headed, but he did have a schedule to keep. He paid the bill, generously covering the lunch for his new friends, and they wandered back out to the truck. Sayla chuckled to herself as she could tell by how they were walking that the boys were still a bit hard in their pants.
Everyone got back in the truck and Jake set out for the hotel. After a few minutes of driving, Sayla looked at Rob and Rob nodded at Sayla, and part 2 of the plan was set in motion.
Sayla suddenly said, "Jake, take this turn here".
Confused, he pointed out that the hotel was three more exits down the interstate.
"There is a place I want to show you, before you leave."
Sayla directed Jake down a side street, past a school, to a park overlooking the river valley.
"Just drive down to the very end, under that big tree," said Sayla.
Jake did as he was told and parked. He looked around and said, "So, uh, what did you want to show me?"
Sayla didn't answer immediately, she just hiked her skirt up to expose her pussy. She used her fingers to part her lips and made sure Jake (and Rob) had a good view.
She looked to her left, directly at Jake, and said, "New rules again. No fucking. Mouth and hands are ok. Agreed?"
Jake's mouth dropped open as he tried to muster an answer. Something resembling "'OK" croaked out as he looked at Sayla's exposed bits. Sayla reached over with her right hand and unzipped Jake's fly, unbuttoned the top of his pants, and fished his growing cock out of his underwear. She held it in her hand for a second, before glancing back at Rob. Rob made eye contact with her and smiled. She had the approval she needed.
Sayla scooched up and knelt on the bench seat, perpendicular to Jake, so she could bend over and take his swollen dick in her mouth. Jake groaned as Sayla's warm, wet mouth engulfed his cock, and slid down his shaft slowly.
The last time she sucked a dick that wasn't Rob's was before they were married. She marveled at how different Jake's felt in her mouth, the shape, size, and feel, and what he was responding to. She wrapped his cock tight in her lips and slide all the way down, then gave little sucks as she moved up, over the head and to the tip. He was not overly long or thick, so deep throating him was easy, and hot. She felt Jake shudder each time her tight lips popped over his sensitive head, so she was pretty sure she was hitting the right spot.

Jake figured Sayla's rules allowed him some latitude. Through her blouse, Jake found a nipple and started to play with it. Sayla loved it so much she pulled on her blouse up to reveal a naked tit for Jake to enjoy. His cock in a woman's mouth, and a naked tit to play with, Jake was in heaven.
Meanwhile Rob had a clear view of Sayla's pretty much naked ass six inches in front of him. He could not see Jake's cock being swallowed, but he didn't have much interest in that. The beautiful butt cheeks were much more enticing to him. He wiggled his pants down to get his own cock sprung free so he could feel less like he was in prison, then he focused on Sayla's ass. He lightly scratched her cheeks, then let his fingers drift down between her legs to her slit. He found a warm, wet, inviting hole that seemed to desperately need a finger inserted. As he was pleasuring her pussy with a sliding index finger, Sayla reached behind with a free hand and pulled an ass cheek aside, exposing her other hole. Rob didn't need to be asked twice, taking his soaking wet index finger and sliding it knuckle deep in Sayla's asshole.
He could hear Sayla sigh in pleasure as the nerve endings in her little pucker got some attention. Jake meanwhile was silent, head lolled back as Sayla's hand and mouth combined to drive him to the edge. With Rob pleasuring Sayla from behind, her effort on the blowjob doubled. She tickled his balls slightly as she played with his cock with her tongue and lips. A quick suck at the top, a quick suck in the middle, then a deep throat, held for a few seconds, then a hard suck all the way back to the top. All done slowly, with purpose.
Getting sucked harder and being held more tightly, after nearly an hour of teasing, this was a bit too much for Jake. Ever the respectful partner, he put his hand on Sayla's back and warned her.
"Sayla, hon, I'm gonna cum in your mouth if you don't stop now."
Sayla didn't pause, even for a second. She kept sucking top to bottom on that hard cock, popping her lips over the head, tonguing the head mercilessly, sucking down the bottom, and stroking the shaft to the top. She felt Jake stop breathing, tense up, and then felt his cockhead get bigger. As Jake gasped, Sayla took his first shot of hot cum in her mouth. She swallowed quickly as the next spasms shot more in her mouth. She held tight on his cock, not wanting to spill a drop. As Jake finally collapsed, Sayla swallowed the last bit of jizz from his dick, and caught her breath.
She sat up on her knees and wiped her mouth to make sure she hadn't spilled anything. Jake still had his head lolled back when she leaned over and kissed his cheek, before turning to Rob. Her husband had his pants and underwear down to his ankles, cock out, and was rock hard. Sayla felt between her legs and figured she had enough lubrication, and proceeded to straddle Rob, face to face.
It was a tight space and she had trouble getting a good position. Seriously it was like being in high school and sneaking a fuck in the back seat of dad's car. She impaled herself on his cock and gasped as she felt it slide in, but she felt like she was in a phone booth. She could bounce up and down ok, but she had no way to get pressure on her clit, nor on the walls of her pussy. In short, Rob would fill her with his jizz in no time but there was no chance she could cum this way. She assessed her options and looked at Jake who seemed to have nothing to do. She punched him lightly in the shoulder.
"Clit! Rub it while we fuck!!" Sayla said, somewhat breathlessly.
"Your clit?" said Jake.
"No, YOUR clit! Yes Jake, rub MY clit!!!"
Jake reached over and had no trouble finding Sayla's button. It was round and swollen and wet, and she gasped when he touched it. Sayla started to slide up and down again and now she knew she had the formula right. Cock in her, finger on her clit. To complete the package she lifted her shirt again and offered a nipple to Rob who hungrily lapped it up. Without asking, Jake shifting his weight to his left. Keeping pressure on her clit, he managed to reach around and find her asshole, sliding a finger in. Now double-penetrated, Sayla had more than enough sensation to make up for the awkward position she was in.
Despite the tangle of arms and torsos and mouths, this was working. Rob had been teased through lunch, then watched his wife suck off another guy, and was more than ready to blow his load inside his sexy wife. Sayla by now just wanted to cum, anyway, anyhow, since she had been doing all the work for over an hour and needed the release.
Jake kept his finger in and out of her asshole, and the pressure on Sayla's clit. Her bouncing on Rob's cock started to slows to a gentle up and down as her pleasure build up. With Rob biting her nipple, she closed her eyes and recognized a familiar feeling growing inside her. She tried to hold it off so that she could edge a bit longer, but ultimately was defenseless - just too much teasing over too long a time period. Rob could feel her pussy tighten; he needed no encouragement to reach the edge of losing control as well. One more downstroke, one more wiggle of both Jake's fingers, and she was over the edge. She stopped suddenly and held her breath. Mouth open, eyes closed, pussy tight as a vise, she came hard.
The incredible sensuality of the moment pushed Rob past the limit and his cock spasmed with the first jet of cum up his wife's pussy. Jake figured that his work was done and withdrew his hands, as Rob grabbed his wife tight and held her in place on his cock as he emptied his nuts deep inside her. It seemed like minutes they were locked together, Sayla's pussy twitching, Rob's cock spasming. And Jake watching the whole scene from the other side of the truck.
Sayla finally let out a breath and laughed, "I can't believe we just did that!"
Sayla struggled to get up off of Rob, and then when she did she leaked his cum out onto her leg and his. Ever the mom, Sayla immediately wanted to make sure she didn't get any on the truck upholstery. Awkwardly trying to sit back up, she managed to find her purse, and tissues inside, and proceeded to clean herself and Rob up. Jake got out of the truck and zipped up, and Sayla slid out to get sorted out and jam some tissues in her slit to stop the leaking.
Jake said, "I hate to say this, but I really do have to leave."
And with that, Jake announced that the fun was over. Even Sayla and Rob admitted they had to go back to being adults too. There was a moment of resignation, and then everyone piled back in the truck and Jake drove them to the hotel.
Sayla gave Jake another kiss on the cheek and said goodbye. Rob shook his hand, exchanged contact information, and insisted that Jake stay in touch. No one knew if they would ever connect again, but they were pretty sure if the chance came up, they would make the best of it, and would look forward to it.
This had been one fun weekend.