"If I had known the requirements to get into this sorority from the start, I probably wouldn't have pledged," the blond freshman girl complained.
"It's not that bad. All you have to do is get five different guys to cream-pie you. Girl, with your body, that's going to be easy. What isn't going to be easy is convincing my boyfriend to let me do this. Sex with five guys without condoms? I might not have a boyfriend soon," the tall black girl said in response.
"I'm in the same boat. When my boyfriend hears about what I need to do, he is going to freak," a busty red-haired girl standing next to the other two added.
"You know you can do the second option if you want," I said, walking up to the group after overhearing them. All three girls gave me a look of disgust.
"That option is even worse. I think they have it just as a joke and not to be taken seriously," the red-haired girl replied. I excused myself and walked away from the group. We had just been informed of the final requirement before we could officially consider ourselves as sisters of Delta Theta Fellowship. I was one step away from being able to proudly declare to all my friends that I am DTF.
But the task they laid before us would not be easy, but rather very risky. As my fellow pledges had discussed, one of the two options we had was to get five different men to cum inside our vaginas. The sorority president also spent a long time explaining that we were absolutely not allowed to be on birth control of any kind. I was already meeting this requirement, not that I was planning to take this option.
What surprised me was it sounded like all the pledges were going to take this route. I was shocked by this. A pregnancy would ruin our college careers. Who cares if you get into a sorority if you have to drop out a few months later to raise a baby? I did have a lot of respect for my pledge sisters, but now I seriously doubted their intelligence.
The far better option, in my opinion, was the second one that I tried to get that group to do earlier but failed. For this option, you were required to be fully naked and uncovered at five different specific locations around campus. No sexual acts required. Zero chances of getting impregnated. These places were:
1) One of your classes. You had to be naked for the whole class.
2) Eat an entire meal nude in a dorm cafeteria.
3) Skinny dip in the school's Olympic-sized pool for thirty minutes during normal open swim hours
4) Spend ten minutes in the University's president's office, fully unclothed
It wasn't going to be easy, for sure. I was not an exhibitionist and had only shown my nude body to my last two boyfriends and no one else. Fulfilling these five tasks would probably increase the amount of people to see my pussy by 5 to 10 people by my own estimates. I blushed even thinking about it. But it would be worth it in the end. I would end up in my dream sorority without getting impregnated at age nineteen. A win-win scenario minus letting people around school see my naked tits and ass. A win-win-loss? Well, except the people who get to see my naked body would call it a win. Fuck maybe this option is more complicated than I thought.
I made a note to discuss this with my parents later, who both work in human resources, and I moved on to focus on getting these tasks completed. The first, and probably the hardest, was being naked for an entire class. To begin, I needed to consider what class to do this in. Looking over my class schedule, I narrowed it down to two possibilities. I was taking a women's study course taught by a female professor who was very open-minded. The class was in the basement of an old building at the edge of campus. Only fifteen students, including myself, attended, of which thirteen were girls.
The other class of mine I was considering was my European History lecture. It was held in a large lecture hall where, commonly, four to five hundred students would attend. The professor was known for his distaste of women taking his classes, and thus, the class was heavily male. I felt like an idiot for even considering choosing the history lecture for my nude class, but then I remembered something. A guy I had a crush on named Oscar was one of the two males in my women's study group. The idea of him seeing my naked body was way too embarrassing. My cheeks were burning even thinking about him seeing me in my underwear, let alone fully nude. I was going with the history class for sure.
I emailed my professor, Dr. Hull, clearly laying out why I needed to be naked for one of his lectures. I spent a lot of time laying out a clear argument, which I thought was well crafted. However, over the next week, he never responded. In one of the lectures that week, he made an announcement asking us not to fill his inbox with joke messages, and it seemed like he was looking at me when he said that. Why would he think I was joking about being nude in his class? How is that funny? I emailed him again but with an even longer message. I also cc'ed his department head as well. I still got no response. This first task was taking way too long so I decided to go to his office ahead of our next lecture. I was going to get his permission today, no matter what.
An hour before class I lucked out and found Dr. Hull in his office and alone. "Professor? I'm Zoey from your European History class. I've been emailing you to get your permission for something, and you haven't replied back," I said, walking into the office and closing the door behind me.
Dr. Hull looked up, and his face dropped. "Oh, for the love of Charlemagne. You've gone too far with this stupid prank girl. I had to explain to my boss, the head of the history department, that I don't have young women attending my lectures with their pussies out," he complained.
"Yet," I said, correcting him.
"What?"
"You meant to say that you don't have women attending your lecture with their pussies out yet. Because today is the day I really need to attend class fully naked. I promise I'll take really good notes if that's what you're worried about."
"You're... serious, aren't you? This isn't some freshmen prank like in my American History class last year when all my students pretended like they were San Francisco 1906 earthquake deniers?" Earthquakes can't break steel beams, I wanted to shout, but I held back from arguing for now.
"It's for a sorority. If I do this, I'll be admitted into my dream Greek house. Please, professor!"
"No! You have to realize I was never going to let you show off your naked body in my class!"
"But why? Give me one good reason why I can't!"
"I'll give you five. One, I'll be fired. Two, we won't get anything done in class because everyone will be staring at you. Three, someone seeing you naked might get the wrong idea and try something with you, which I will be held responsible for. Four, it's not sanitary. Five, have you ever seen or heard of anyone attending class naked? Not in absurd fiction or porn videos but in real life? The answer is no." As he explained his stupid reasons, he aggressively counted them out with his finger while getting louder and louder.
I wasn't going to be intimidated into not getting naked. I stood up and countered his points while slamming my fist onto his desk. "One, the history department head is male, and males like seeing naked women. How does that lead to you getting fired? Two, I usually don't pay attention to your lectures anyway, so no harm there. Also, just make a new class rule that they are not allowed to look at my nude tits during the lecture. Duh-doy! Three, I couldn't get anyone to go out with me last Valentine's Day. I don't see how my being naked would all of a sudden make guys interested in me. Four, I'm actually insulted that you are implying my body isn't clean. I am able to stop my body from secreting any fluids except when I watch boys wrestle. Apologies again for the mess during your lecture on ancient Greece. And finally, five, I'll give you a blow job if you let me attend class naked."
The professor raised his eyebrow upon hearing my last counterpoint. "Your fifth point was a really good one, and I didn't have an argument against it. But I'm serious. You agree to let me, and I'll let you face fuck me right now in your office. This can't be that surprising to hear. You're a college professor. Hot coeds are probably offering you sex all the time for better grades," I said.
"The only student in my twenty years of teaching here to ever proposition me was an eighty-year-old woman who was willing to blow me in exchange for a better grade on her last test. She was only taking the class for the 'life experience,' but she wanted to impress her husband by getting an A on the test."
"I'm a bit younger than eighty, but what do you say professor. Want me to wrap my lips around your cock and, in exchange, let my nude tits get some exposure to world history?" Dr. Hull gave my body a look over.
"I spent ten years in college to earn my advanced degree in history and then another twenty here to get to my current position. You're asking me to risk all of that... But I do like blow jobs. So..." I took that as a yes and excitedly hopped over the him.
He sat in his leather chair, and I got on my knees in front of him. He looked down with a smile as I undid his belt and pants. After my first boyfriend broke up with me because 'I sucked at sucking cock,' I promised myself to do better. I watched blow job porn whenever I had free time in my dorm room. Right after my third roommate in three months transferred to another room, I felt like I learned the essential lessons of giving oral sex to a guy. It's important to use your tongue, work the shaft with your hands, and don't make yourself constantly laugh by quoting Big Bang Theory during the act. As a result of my hard work, my second boyfriend said I
was 'meh' at giving head.
"I know guys like it when women compliment their penis when they see it for the first time. Are you more self-conscious about the length, girth, color, or smell of yours? Cause I could formulate what I say around that," I kindly offered.
"What? Just get on with the blow job," Dr. Hull said.
"Fine, I'll just make a guess." I pulled his pants and underwear down and was face to face with his dick. "Wow, your dick is the longest I've ever seen. My single hand can barely grab the full length of it. Very impressive professor." Dr. Hull oddly responded to my kindness by putting his hand over his face.
I shrugged and then took him into my mouth. While I didn't know much about blowing guys, this being only the third dick I've had in my mouth, I knew I liked the taste of them. Particularly the taste of pre-cum, which was rapidly filling my mouth. "Mmmm," I mouth as my lips ran up and down his shaft. Feeling frisky, I took his penis out of my mouth and teased his tip with my tongue.
"Holy shit, that feels good. I'm glad to find out that you are better at sucking cock than you are at speaking," Dr. Hull said as I ran my tongue along the underside of this cock and down to his balls. Hearing him say that gave me a weird sense of deja vu, as the professor in my communication class made that exact speculation after my last speech project. I took him back into my mouth fully and massaged him with my lips and tongue.
"This is the second-best blow job I've ever gotten from one of my students," he said with a groan. That's weird. He only mentioned being propositioned by one other student...
I stroked his cock with my hand and gave my mouth a quick break. Looking up at the professor with his dick in my hand, I sought confirmation of our deal. "So, my totally long dicked professor. You'll let me attend class in the buff today?" Dr. Hull's head was leaned back, and his eyes were closed as he enjoyed the feeling of my hand.
"Today is no good. How about towards the end of the semester, I make a lecture optional, and you can do it then? Now about your mouth on my cock...," he said.
I released my hold on his member and stood up. "No, it has to be today. Otherwise, it will be too late."
Dr. Hull sat up with his erect cock still out. "That's impossible. Today's lecture would be the absolute worst day for this." I looked at him, shocked.
"So why have I been sucking on your dick then?"
His jaw clenched, and he looked off to the side. "For the love of the craft of giving head?"
I crossed my arms and stared at my professor in his eyes and sometimes his hard cock. "Fine. Let me attend class with my pussy out, and I'll fuck you right here and now. I'll even lie and pretend I'm a virgin for you," I said, committing fully to my sorority.
"You are willing to have vaginal intercourse with me so you can have four hundred guys see your tits in class? You realize how crazy that sounds right. If you are that horny for guys to see you naked, just get a job at the strip club down the street. Here's their card."
"That's not what this is about, and you know it," I countered while pocketing the card. "No more talk. I've offered you my ass now either take it or watch it walk out of here. But just so you know, if you don't take my offer and I catch you looking at my ass, I will report you to the University."
Again Dr. Hull looked my body over, and I thought I could see his dick get just a little bit harder. "I can't believe I'm agreeing to this, but the last time I had sex, it was so long ago that we speculated on whether Lord of the Rings was filmable or not afterward. So I'm pretty desperate. You have a deal, but you need to be invisible in that class. No drawing any attention to yourself at all. Understood?"
I jumped up and down, clapping my hands. "It's a deal. I promise I'll be like a naked chameleon." The professor and I then stared at each other in silence.
"So, are we going to do this? You need to get naked," he pointed out to me.
"I know, but you need to turn around," I said to my professor.
"You're kidding me," he said.
"I'm not stripping in front of you. I barely know you, and I'm shy," I pointed out to him.
"But you are... never mind," he said, turning his chair 180 degrees. I took a deep breath. I know getting naked in a professor's office is a basic experience for a college girl, but I was still nervous. I started off easy, taking my shoes off but electing to keep my socks on. I then undid my pants but paused to confirm Dr. Hull wasn't spying on me. Seeing that he wasn't, I pulled them off and set them aside. A chill ran up my legs, both from my exposed skin and the excitement of this. Feeling naughty, I pulled down my panties. All the professor would have to do was slightly turn his chair, and he would see what only two other men had seen. My heart was beating faster and faster.
I considered that I could stop here as my professor didn't need to see my tits to have sex with me, but I was going to need to get fully naked soon for class anyway. I slipped my shirt off and undid my bra, leaving me fully naked. A state I planned to be in for a while. I walked over to Dr. Hull's chair and informed him, "I'm naked and ready, sir."
"Am I allowed to look then," he asked, still not turning around.
"What are you an idiot? How are you going to have sex with me without seeing me naked? Also, I'm going to be naked in class," I pointed out.
"But earlier you... never mind," he turned around in his chair and took in the sight of my nude body.
"Wow, you have some massive tits," was the first thing he commented on. That's what my two ex-boyfriends said the first time they saw me naked, too. I know I have large breasts, and I'm proud of it. But do guys really need to inform me of that? It's so embarrassing. How would guys like it if I told them a part of them was huge? Besides their cocks I mean. Guys are constantly wanting women to say to them that I know.
I could feel myself turning red standing there as my professor studied my nude body. I didn't need him to repeat other comments my last boyfriends would make about my body, like 'I want to lick your thighs all night,' 'Your thighs look like they would feel great on my penis,' or 'Turn around, I want to cum on your thighs.' Obviously, I seemed to attract men with a specific fetish.
"Should we fuck now, Dr. Hull," I suggested. His head shot up, and he looked me in the eyes.
"Yes. Yes, please. I assume you have a condom? All the ones I have in my office expired a decade ago, along with my hope that this job was anything like 80s movies had me believe."
"We don't need to use a condom. I got it covered," I replied, tossing his concern away. The truth of it was I hadn't anticipated needing any condoms, but I didn't have time to go fetch any. By the time I would get back with protection, it will be time for class to start.
"Oh. Okay, if you are sure," he said as he started getting ready for me to sit on his dick.
I straddled him in his chair, and my pussy hovered over the tip of his cock. While Dr. Hull hasn't done this in a few presidential administrations, it had been a few months for me as well. It's not that I have a kink for fucking older men, but I was pretty excited to get another dick in me after all of this time. I lowered myself and felt the satisfying sensation of a cock entering me and stretching me out. "Oh my god, I've been craving this for so long," Dr. Hull said as his hands rubbed all over my body. "I've wanted one of you young lustful students to fuck me for so long. I've given out so many unjustified D's and F's to female students in my classes, but they never come to me with offers of sex to change it. It's always just emails and complaints to the department head." While licking my tits, his eyes opened up wide, and he looked up at me. "Forget you heard me say that, okay?" I nodded as I started to rock my hips on his cock. But hearing that explained why I got a 62 on the paper I wrote about how the Austrian Empire lasted so long because they were an island nation.
Despite my lies earlier about the professor having a long penis, he was feeling pretty good inside me. I appreciated this was the first time I was having bareback sex with a guy. My boyfriends always wore condoms, as I never needed them to give me approval to go to my class naked within the next twenty minutes. Although now that I think about it, one of my boyfriends had a role play they kept pushing me to do that was nearly identical to that scenario. Weird.
Back to the cock inside me, things had gotten to a point where I was lifting myself up high enough that my pussy was rubbing up and down the entire length of his cock. Dr. Hull continued to put his mouth all over my breasts, which felt intimate and hot as fuck. The naughtiness of the whole situation was hot to me. I was having unprotected sex with a professor in his office. Now, all that bragging I did to my old high-school friends wasn't a lie anymore.
Thinking about it, I let out a loud moan, and Dr. Hull looked at me excitedly. "Are you getting off on this?"
Through heavy breaths, I responded. "Well, yeah. I'm fucking one of my teachers in college. A teacher who is old enough to be my grandfather. I'm acting like such a slut, it's hot!" I let out another moan.
"Grandfather? How old do you think I am? I'm forty-seven," he said, looking offended as his cock rubbed against a sensitive spot in me.
"I know that. Let's just say my grandma was a bit of a slut in high school. As was my mom. They had some weird expectations of me in my teenage years that I failed to live up to. Now shut the fuck up and focus on keeping that dick rock-hard old man."
Feeling something building up inside me, I sought to embrace it. My legs flexed as I pushed myself down harder and harder on Dr. Hull's cock. My thighs
weren't just for looking but also useful for driving a dick deep into my pussy. "I'm getting close. Where should I cum on you," he asked. I was getting close, too, and was annoyed at that question.
"I'm not going to class with your cum all over my naked tits if that's what you are asking pervert. No more talking," I said in a loud voice. He put his mouth to better use, stimulating my tits, and with a bite of my nipple, I was sent over the edge. The pleasure felt electric and flowed from my pussy all over my body. First, my pussy, then to my thighs, up to my chest, and even to my fingertips. All the while inducing spasms in those areas. Without realizing it, I yelled, "Professor!" at the top of my lungs.
Ten seconds later, I came to find myself hugging Dr. Hull tightly and nearly suffocating him with my chest. I pulled away and found he had also finished. "I came inside you. That's okay. You said so right?"
I nodded. "I really didn't want you cumming anywhere on the outside of me. That would be too embarrassing for people in our class to see," I again told him.
"I know I just agreed to it, but is there any way I can convince you not to go to class naked today? Any other day will be better. I'll give you an A in the course," he pleaded with me as the last of his cum drained out of his dick into me.
I got up off of him. "It's a done deal, professor. Class today will feature your lecture on the hundred-year war between France and Greece in addition to my tits," I said, turning down his offer. Besides, my latest paper on how the formation of Germany was most significant because it gave us German food a guaranteed A grade.
"Charlemagne, help me, I'm so fired for this," he moaned to himself. I didn't know if he meant he was getting fired for the sex we just had, the upcoming class featuring my naked ass, or the poor quality of students his class was putting out, as I remembered my paper was supposed to be about the outcomes of the Franco-Prussian war which had nothing to do with Germany given its name. But that wasn't my concern right now. I had more much more important task at hand, which was building up the courage to go to class buck ass naked.
I stood by the door, taking deep breaths. Despite increasing the number of men to have seen me naked by 50 percent just in the last ten minutes, I was nervous about increasing that number by 20,000 percent by walking to class nude. "Wait, you aren't going to walk to class naked from my office, are you," Dr. Hull asked as he put his dick away.
"I have to. It's part of the requirement of my task," I explained. Truthfully I had no fucking clue if it was. I realized I had no idea what the specifics of this whole naked initiation were. I wasn't even sure how the sorority was going to confirm I actually did these tasks. Although I think word would probably get around about me being naked in a lecture hall full of four hundred people. Maybe I should have asked at least one question before bolting out of the sorority with a plan to show my pussy all over campus. But surely walking naked into and out of class naked was, at the bare minimum, a requirement.
"In case you didn't think of it, if people suspect I had sex with a student of mine, I will be fired. And you walking out of my office naked may hint at that," he said nervously.
I turned around with a quizzical look. "Are students actually required to get permission from a professor before attending class naked? Or did I just incorrectly assume that," I asked after coming to that realization.
"You're asking me that now?" I looked at the time and realized he had a point.
"Oh shit, you're right. I'm going to be late for class if I don't hurry." As I briskly walked to the door, Dr. Hull reminded me once again to be as discreet as possible.
Busting out of his office door and walking quickly, I was met with a dozen eyes. In that instance, my nude body, which had been reserved for people I planned to be intimate with, was now for anyone who happened to be near me to see. I crossed my arms to at least keep part of my nudity hidden, but my ample breasts quickly popped out, and I gave up on that effort.
"Holy shit, nice tits. My dick would fit perfectly between them."
"Where are you going, and can I cum with you?"
"Boyfriend not appreciative of you enough slut, and now you only get off letting strangers see your pussy?"
I was bombarded with sexual comments and started walking even faster, eager to get to the privacy of the large lecture hall. But walking faster only caused my boobs to jiggle even more, which seemed to invite more stares.
"Oh my gosh, you are the most beautiful thing I've ever seen," a handsome young man said as he stopped in his tracks after seeing me. I smiled back at him.
"You... you take my breath away," a larger man said shortly afterwards.
"Thanks...," I said shyly.
"This was the worst day ever until now. Thank you for your beauty," an older gentleman said as he watched me approach from afar.
Hearing these compliments served to calm me down. I never knew men could be so kind and complimentary. Just a minute ago, as I was being overwhelmed with sexual comments, I considered giving up. But these guys gave me the confidence I needed to endure. "Oh my god, your pussy looks so fucking delicious," said a woman who looked like the sight of my naked body may have awakened something inside her. I elected to take that comment as a compliment.
I made it to the classroom and got a small reprieve from eyes on my nude body. The previous class had already been let out, and it was still early enough that nobody else had arrived yet. I climbed midway up the stairs and took a seat in the middle of the lecture hall. I figured from here, I would blend in with the rest of the crowd. As I sat there, I slapped my forehead with my hand as I left my backpack with all my papers in the professor's office. It was too late now as other students were starting to come in.
The first several to come in had their heads down and sat near the front, so amazingly, they didn't see me. But soon, a young-looking guy came up and sat near me. Doing a double take, he was the first to notice me. "Why are you naked?" He asked, shocked.
"As part of my sorority initiation, we had the choice of either getting cream-pied by five guys or being naked in various places, including a classroom. I didn't want to get pregnant, so I chose the nudity route," I explained, figuring he would understand and realize it's not a big deal.
On the other side of me, another boy sat and questioned why I was naked. I sighed and repeated myself. "It's for an initiation. I had the choice of this or let guys cum inside me and risk a pregnancy."
Another guy taking a seat two rows down from me looked up, and his face went agape. "Why...why...why are you not wearing clothes," he asked.
I was getting annoyed explaining myself. "It was either this or get pregnant," I quickly explained.
Five seconds later, I felt a tap on my shoulder behind me. "Excuse me, miss, may I ask why you are naked?"
I had reached the limit of my patience. "I DON'T WANT TO GET PREGNANT, OKAY," I yelled. The hall was crowded now, and everyone turned their head to me. Dr. Hull had just entered the room as well and stood silent as he watched me.
My outburst eliminated any hope I had of going at least partially unnoticed. The class was over half full when I yelled, and anyone walking in afterward had my naked tits pointed out by people who were here earlier. My embarrassment soon reached new heights. The guy last week I was annoyed at for talking through the lecture. He got to see my tits. The overweight guy who I avoided sitting near because he had an odor. My pussy was in full view for him. The guy last month who called me an idiot just because I thought Charlemagne was what I got drunk on at my sister's wedding. He was able to see every inch of my nipples. I had no control over who saw what for the next fifty minutes. I didn't know if I was more ashamed or excited.
The classroom's energy was the highest it's ever been. In the front half of the classroom necks turned every few seconds. Worst, students were taking pictures of me by trying to subtly angle their phones while in selfie mode. I gave a dirty look to a few I caught, which made them back off. But I kind of liked their forwardness.
Dr. Hull had enough and took control of the class. "Okay, everyone, simmer down. I know we are all really excited because of... the Hundred Years War lecture today. But I won't hesitate to kick anyone out who acts up." The class settled down, and I felt fewer eyes on my tits. Still always some, but less. The professor continued. "I have a few announcements to make before I begin lecturing."
He looked very uncomfortable, so I figured I would jump in and help him out. "Don't worry, Dr. Hull, I got this," I said, standing up. Four hundred heads then turned to look at me again. I regretted standing up for this as my ass and pussy were now very accessible to all eyes. I squirmed a bit as I continued. "Hey everybody, I'm Zoey, and I'm naked today for a sorority thing. It's not a big deal. I think there's a rule about not looking at my tits, but that's up the the professor. That's all, I just wanted to bring that up." I quickly sat down and crossed my legs, feeling a bit less exposed.
Dr. Hull was staring daggers at me. "Thank you for that completely necessary announcement that totally did not draw unneeded attention to something I thought I remember saying should not be highlighted." I sank in my chair a bit, knowing he was probably being sarcastic and was a bit mad at me. It's not like I stood up and spread my ass cheeks for the class. Damn.
"It's also unfortunate for me that I must follow that display with the following real announcements." He took a long sigh and looked down at his
feet before continuing. "I want to welcome the parents attending our lecture as today is parent's day on campus. I see we have a record number of them attending my class, which is unusual." I looked around, and he was right. There were a lot of parents sitting and standing around the hall. Some of the dads were smiling at me, while the moms seemed to be giving me a hostile look. Well, some of the moms were smiling too.
"Also today, because why wouldn't we, have a large number of 18-year-old high-school seniors sitting in on the lecture as they consider whether they want to attend our... prestigious institution. Something tells me next year's class might lean more to the male side." I again looked around the room and noticed the large amount of 18-year-olds in attendance. The male ones were easy to pick out because they never stopped staring with their mouths agape at me.
"I have... one more terribly timed announcement. The school occasionally likes to capture lectures given by their professors and post them online to be accessed for free by the whole world. It's our small way of trying to make education a bit more accessible. As you may have guessed, today's lecture on the Hundred Years' War will be recorded. As you can see, there are multiple cameras set up to record not only me but you, the audience, as well." I could see at least three cameramen around the room pointed at various angles.
"In just a minute, they will start recording. If any of you ask a question, you should expect to be recorded. So I would advise you, strongly, that if you don't wish to be recorded because of how you're dressed, or you're shy, or because of how you're dressed, or you'd rather ask your question later, or because of how you're dressed. Then don't ask your question and draw attention to yourself. Understood?" I looked around and agreed that some of the students in attendance were wearing some pretty lame clothes. Good advice, professor.
"With all that said, let's start recording and get on with our lecture." On a screen, a video was projected showing what the cameras were capturing. "So the hundred years war was actually a series of wars with periods of peace between them over the years 1337 to 1453 between England, France, and their allies," Dr. Hull said, writing on the whiteboard.
I raised my hand and stood up to ask a question. "Professor, I'm confused." Suddenly, the image on the screen changed to a video of me standing and fully naked as a camera was pointed right at me. "Oh wow, that's... a detailed capture of me. Maybe we pan up a bit? No?" My arms and legs slowly flayed as I tried to somewhat cover myself up without making it look like I was trying to cover myself up. The end result was I looked like a naked girl doing a weird dance.
Trying to not focus on the fact that my naked body was being captured for future generations to enjoy, I moved on with my question. "You previously told me that the war was between England and Greece. Although now that I said that out loud, I realized that you didn't say that, but I did. It was after we had sex... sections of something and your dick... dictionary? Sure. Your dictionary was still inside me because you had just cum... the not-sexual version of that word. I meant to say that you came to me and put sections of your dictionary inside me, metaphorically." I paused, realizing that maybe I should have spent a second thinking this over before I asked my non-question.
"Anyway, I realize I was wrong. But it's understandable because I had just had an orgasm right before you came in my pussy, so my mind was a bit blurry... I mean, you all misheard what I just said. Sorry, I tend to ramble a lot when I'm nervous, and well, standing naked on camera as hundreds of people stare at my tits apparently makes me nervous. I'll sit down now." I sat down and put my head in my hands. I've never been more embarrassed in my life. I can't believe I just admitted that out loud to everyone. I thought the war was between England and Greece? Shoot me now.
I looked up out of my hands and Dr. Hull was staring angrily at me again. Did he want me to stand up and explain myself further? But before I could do that, he continued his lecture. "I'm going to ignore that career-ending outburst for now. The war can be broken into three periods of actual conflict..." From there, my mind drifted, and I stopped paying attention for a bit. Usually, in class, I have my notebook so I can doodle, but today, I didn't have anything. Not even clothes I could twiddle with. I bemoaned that a naked girl had no means of entertaining herself when all she had were her hands and body.
I looked up and saw Dr. Hull was displaying an image of France with two colors drawn on it. Blue covered much of the southern portion of the country and was labeled 'France', while red covered the north and was labeled England. But I knew England was an island nation to the north of France, not in northern France. I needed to correct this, or Dr. Hull's mistake would be forever captured in the video, causing him endless embarrassment. "Professor!" I said, standing up in my chair. Hearing me speak up, he threw his dry-erase marker on the floor. I guess I scared him or something.
"You've made a mistake. You labeled... actually it would be easier if I just drew it on the board. Wait one second, please." I decided the best thing to do would be to come to the front and draw a map showing where France and England actually are. I scooted by the filled desks as I made my way to the aisle. It was a tight fit, and my bare ass rubbed against the edge of the desk and hands. To correct this, I turned around but discovered that it only resulted in my pussy brushing up against the desks and hands instead. But I made it to the end of the row and headed down the stairs to the front. As I stepped, the camera followed me. I tried to proceed quickly, and my breasts and butt bounced noticeably without my clothes constraining them. Someone behind me whistled loudly which got some laughs.
I made it to the front and turned around to address the students. Seeing all those faces gave me pause. I had never spoken in front of so many people before, and my nerves were getting to me. In the past, I had managed to talk in front of small groups of people, but public speaking to this many was maybe my biggest fear. I couldn't imagine a scenario being any scarier. However, I realized they weren't looking at me. They were looking at the screen projecting the video. I looked up and saw it was zoomed in on my pussy. "Oh wow," I said, watching the screen myself. "I did a really thorough job saving this morning, didn't I?" That got a round of laughs from the crowd, and I went with it, even though I hadn't intended that to be a joke.
With my nerves somewhat under control, I addressed the real reason I had come down. "Professor, your chart shows England as a country in northern France when it is, in fact, an island, as shown here." I drew a crude map on the board that clearly showed where the two countries are today. Dr. Hull didn't look embarrassed, only mad. Was I not supposed to correct him?
"Thank you, student, who I have never interacted with before, but you are referring to the modern-day borders of the two countries. In the fourteenth century, England occupied much of France, as I had been explaining in the lecture. Now, please sit down and maybe consider not talking to me ever again."
I looked up at the map he was displaying and saw the labels indicating what he just explained. "Oh...," I said, realizing this.
Dr. Hull laughed and turned to the students. "She's as dumb as Anne of Bohemia was infertile," he declared, drawing a large laugh. My face went red, and I stomped my foot on the ground, giving my tits a jiggle which the camera was now focused on.
"Well, maybe she was just on birth control because she was lucky enough that it didn't make her lactate like it did with me when I used to be on it," I said, countering.
The professor turned rapidly to me. "Used to be? What do you mean used to be? Are you not on birth control?"
"Professor! That is very inappropriate to ask one of your students. That's none of your business. Oh, wait, I see what you are getting at. We had sex... I mean... something else. I should get back to my seat."
I made the climb again, wondering if my grade would be impacted by having sex with my professor but not being clear about the possible impacts of him cumming inside me. In response to seeing my boobs jiggle from climbing the stairs, that same person again whistled. I looked up to see who had been doing that and saw the same mother from earlier who had been smiling and waving at me. Only this time, she was licking her lips at me. Her son, who she was here with for the college visit, looked a bit embarrassed.
After rubbing my ass and pussy on some more desk edges, I took my seat. The rest of the class went by in a blur, and before I knew it, people were leaving the lecture hall. Following the crowd out, I was stopped by the friendly mother who had been noticing me. "I just want to say I think what you are doing is very brave and important for women everywhere. Maybe we can meet up somewhere and discuss it more," she told me, barely looking me in the eyes.
"Thanks?" I said, confused.
A couple feet behind her, a teenager stomped his feet. "Damn it, Mom! Can you stop trying to hook up with college girls at every university I visit?"
The mother didn't look back and smiled at me. "His father is out of the picture."
"And stop telling people that, too! He's not out of the picture. He's meeting us for lunch after going to watch the wrestling team practice," the son complained. With me not quite at the point in my life where I wanted to start up a lesbian affair with a middle-aged woman, I politely declined and headed to Dr. Hull's office to get dressed.
Exiting the hall into the crowded hallway, I was face to face with Oscar, my crush from my small women's study class. "Zoey? Nice tits. And that pussy? Damn," he said, giving me a once over.
"Thanks... Oscar. You too. I mean, not your pussy. You don't have one. I'm sure if you did, it would look great. What I mean to say is you have a cock," I said, getting butterflies in my stomach.
"Are you going to come like that to our women's study lecture tomorrow? You really should."
"Maybe... we'll see. You would like that?" He nodded vigorously.
"Maybe we hang out after class some too, and we... study a woman," he said with a big smile.
"I'd like that," I replied, not having a clue what that meant, but my gut, or rather my pussy told me to agree to it. We parted ways, and I soon appreciated how much going to class naked today had improved my life. I might actually get laid in the near future, and not by a man my grandfather's age.
Speaking of which, I finally made it to the professor's office after getting stopped only five or six more times by guys who wanted to invite me to different places to do various things. Entering his office, he addressed me coldly. "Get dressed and get out."
I went to my pile of clothes and started to get dressed after having been naked for over an hour. "Look, I'm sorry about forgetting to bring my notebook to class, but you don't have to be so mad about it."
"You think I'm mad because you continue to be a shitty student? I'm mad because you basically told everyone in class that we had sex, and I found out that I may have impregnated you."
I waved my hand dismissively. "After one single cream pie? I'm like 80% less likely to get impregnated than those other bimbos I'm pledging with. They have to let five guys cum inside them."
Dr. Hull shook his head. "I pledged a frat in college. Do you know what our initiation task was? We had to do twenty hours of community service."
"That sounds really boring," I said, slipping my shirt over my bra.
"Get the fuck out," he said. With that, I left and had completed one of my pledge requirements.
Walking through the hall fully dressed felt weird. I kept looking at people walking by, expecting them to stare at me, but I was ignored instead. Nobody made comments to me or anything. It felt lonely being dressed. But my loneliness was interrupted by my cell phone ringing due to my dad calling. "Hi, Dad. What's up?"
"Zoey, why am I hearing about you going to class naked," he asked accusatory.
"It's just for a sorority initiation, Dad. It's just a one-time thing," I said, withholding the fact I had been invited to attend another class naked.
"Do I need to remind you of the dangers of a woman going around naked? Do you not remember what
happened to your mom when she attended that party naked? A sleazeball convinced her to bone, and she got pregnant!"
"Yeah, I remember Dad. You were the one who got her pregnant. It's difficult to explain, but I'm actually doing this to prevent myself from getting pregnant. Listen, I got to go. It's almost lunchtime, and I still need to get undressed. Bye, Dad!" I hung up and turned my phone off. I wasn't going to have it on me anyway.
I headed back to my dorm and walked up the stairs to my room. My roommate was already there and gave me a disgusted look when I walked in. "Can you please go one day without watching blow job porn on your computer at full volume? I've had a long day and would really like not to see a woman get faced fucked right now."
"Relax, I'm just stopping by before lunch," I explained. Besides, I had just recently discovered that some women on the internet do double penetration, and I think that warrants a lot more research.
I stripped out of my clothes and walked to the door. "What the fuck are you doing," my roommate rudely asked.
"I'm going to lunch. Did you want to come," I asked, hoping she wouldn't take me up on it.
"But you're naked!"
"Oh, right. I didn't tell you." I went on to explain the whole situation to her, including why I needed to go eat lunch naked in the cafeteria.
"Does your sorority know of your porn-watching habits," she asked after I finished.
"Some of the videos I've seen look like they were filmed in the sorority house. I think they are pretty porn positive," I replied, causing her to roll her eyes.
"Have fun eating pizza with your pussy out," she said, turning her attention back to the paper she was typing up. I thanked her and went out the door.
Being naked on our all-girl floor didn't raise too many eyebrows from the few women hanging outside the hall. After an empty elevator ride down to the main floor, the doors opened up to a group of people who did raise their eyebrows. Some other things rose, too, as I noticed a few guys adjusting the front of their pants. A group of guys hanging outside the cafeteria hall were, in particular, very excited.
"Nice tits. Are you looking for someone to have fun with? Cause I got some time," one of them remarked.
"I'm not naked to get noticed by men, loser. It's for women, actually," I said dismissively. That got the guys even more excited. "No, that's not what I meant. I'm not gay or bi or anything involving me licking a woman's pussy. I like dick," I clarified. Before the guy could reply to that, I spoke up again. "And yes, I know you have a dick. I don't need a dick right now. I just want to satisfy a group of women that I want to live with. Most of which I will probably not go down on unless there's another step in the initiation I'm unaware of." Realizing I wasn't making myself sound any less like a lesbian, I proceeded into the dining hall.
The middle-aged male cashier just inside the hall looked at me, confused and lustfully. "Young lady... you can't come in here like this. We serve food here," he said.
"But I'm wearing shoes," I said, pointing at my feet. He didn't look at my feet.
"And nothing else. I've let people in here wearing bikinis, but naked is too far. If you want to get off showing off your naked body, do it in the lounge like a normal pervert."
I made a face and grunted hearing that. "I'm not a pervert! This isn't a sex thing. Why does every guy think that when a girl shows her pussy it means she wants to do something sexual. If I walked in here and you hard your erect cock out, I wouldn't automatically think you wanted me to blow you. I mean, you're a guy, so you always want hot college girls like me to blow you. Or anal. I bet middle age guys like you like anal with college girls. Hey, do you know any good websites dedicated to only showing videos of girls getting double penetrated," I asked, maybe getting a bit off-topic.
"If I let you in, will you shut up and promise not to gush on the chair like you did three weeks ago?"
"That only happened because they were showing men's wrestling on the TV, okay," I said as I walked in, embarrassed. I got through the food line quickly and tried to avoid ordering any foods resembling sexual organs. I failed at that, though, and got the extra thick bratwurst, which is one of my favorite foods. I also picked up some vanilla yogurt because at least I could put that in my mouth, and no one would think anything sexual about it.
I went and sat alone in the corner of the cafeteria like I usually do. I'll eat my food quickly and be on my way. I had a lot more people watching me than normal, but I was being left alone. I was taking a big bite of the bratwurst when a boy approached me. "Just so you know, you have yogurt all over your mouth and chest," he informed me. The voice came from Deven, a cute boy who lived in the dorm that I had a crush on.
I pulled the wiener out of my mouth. "Oh, thanks for telling me. Would you like to sit with me," I asked, feeling rather brave.
"Sure. Can I ask why you are eating naked?" He took a seat right next to me. Close enough where our legs were touching.
"Oh, you know. I figured why not switch up the old routine and show some skin," I said, being too nervous talking to one of my crushes to remember why I was naked.
He put his hand on my bare leg, and the feeling of his hand on my skin was electric. "I think you are really awesome for showing off your body like this. Maybe you are sending a signal that you are up for some fun," he asked while his hand started rubbing up and down my leg. God, it was hot. He was so handsome, and I loved how forward he was. I have been drooling over this guy for months and could never get him to notice me. Not until I exposed my tits. That seems to solve everything.
"Why else would I show off my pussy except to show I want to get sexual," I said to him, opening up my legs. He understood what I was getting at, and his hand moved its way up my leg and started rubbing my pussy.
"Oh fuck yeah," I moaned as he played with my most intimate of erogenous zones. He stimulated my labia with a few strokes, but then he got right to it and penetrated my pussy with three of his fingers. At this point, I was gushing and would owe the cashier an apology later. But for now, I didn't give a fuck.
I had been fingered before. But it had always been in my bed with a boyfriend. Getting finger fucked in public by a guy you just shared your first words with felt a bit different. Naughtier. Risky. Embarrassing, but in a good way. His fingers felt like they were scratching an itch I myself couldn't reach, which was very satisfying. There wasn't anyone immediately near us, but there were still many people in the dining hall. I tried to keep my sounds to a low volume, but it was tough. I thought about maybe suggesting to him we go back to his room and fool around there, but I was too intrigued by the idea of cumming in public. Besides, I hadn't finished eating, and that was the whole reason I was in this situation. Well, that was the reason I was naked. I was getting finger-banged because I was horny, and Deven is hot as balls, and I find balls hot as hell.
Deven himself even offered me an out. "How about we take this to my room?"
I shook my head. "How about you make me cum right here and now. Then later, I thank you in your room?" Based on the size of his smile, that was the correct answer. I gripped the edge of the table and hunkered down. It was time to cum in the cafeteria. Deven's fingers were fucking me vigorously, hitting a spot in me that drove me crazy. I was breathing like a woman in labor and was aggressively drooling onto my tits, but I didn't care. A few of the nearest tables to us were starting to take notice, but they could only see the top half of my body. Not that it would take much imagination to guess what was going on.
Finally, after massaging a sensitive area one too many times, I was sent over the edge. An orgasm exploded inside me, and my muscles seized up. I used all my willpower to keep myself from screaming, but eventually, I broke and yelled out, "God, you feel great in me."
The pleasure wore off, and I laid my head on the table, exhausted. A lot of faces were looking towards me, and I became a bit embarrassed, having came in front of so many. With a shaky voice, I announced, "Sorry about that. The wieners are really good today." Deven rubbed my back and had a smug look on his face. A look I felt was pretty justified considering how amazing that experience was for me.
"Hey, I'm going to head back to my room. What's say you finish up here and come up and join me later," he suggested. Excited to have more orgasms, I agreed. He got up and started to head out. "Oh, just so you know. You still have a lot of yogurt on your chest."
"Thanks," I replied as I imagined what his cock will taste like. I got lost in my head for a few minutes as I continued to recover from my public orgasm and anxiously thought about all the stuff I want to do with Deven's dick in his room.
It was then that another boy walked up to me. It was Bryson, another guy living in the dorm that I had been crushing on since day one of moving into the dorm. Admittedly, I have a lot of crushes. "I heard a hot chick was going around naked today. I didn't realize it was you, Zoey," he said excitedly to me.
"You think I'm hot, Bryson?" I was excited to hear that not only does he think I'm good-looking, but he also knows my name!
"Are you kidding me? Your nipples are gorgeous!" I blushed but also felt a wave of confidence hit me due to his compliments and having been fingered five minutes ago.
"Would you like to sit with me," I said, patting the open spot right next to me.
"I'd like to do more than just sit with you, but we can start with sitting," he said boldly. Fuck yeah, Zoey. Get you some.
"I need
to finish lunch, so I can't leave yet, but did you have something in mind you would like to do right here and now," I asked in a flirty voice while giving him fuck me eyes. I think it was fuck me eyes. I never had actually tried.
He pulled something out of his bag. "I'd like to use this vibrator on you until you cum." I guess I accidentally gave him the 'use a sex toy on me eyes.'
"Oh wow, that looks... intimidating. Why are you carrying around a vibrator in your bag," I asked.
"To make hot girls cum. That's what it's for. Duh Doy! Now spread your legs." I wasn't satisfied with that answer, but not wanting to prevent another hot boy from making me cum I shut up and spread my legs.
I had never actually used a vibrator before, nor had one used on me. I'm guessing it's just like being fingered only... "FUCK ME SIDEWAYS!" I yelled out loudly as Bryson put the device against my pussy and turned it on. It was like being fingered by ten different tiny fingers massaging my entire pussy at once, three times more vigorous than any human could manage. A large number of nearby tables turned to look at me once again. One table filled with girls looked at me with particular judgment. "Oh fuck all of you and your bitchy looks. Like you haven't been in this exact situation," I said angrily before letting out a large moan.
Wave after wave of pleasure hit me as I couldn't tell if I was building towards an orgasm or already having one. My mind couldn't focus as all kinds of images kept popping into my head. Getting double penetrated by Deven and Bryson. Dr. Hull fucking my ass as the lecture hall watched. Me going down on that middle-aged mom as her son complained. Me for sure buying one of these toys and having another roommate move out.
Once again, my pussy was a river. I really wished Byrson had his cock out so I could stroke it, but that would be inappropriate, I thought. Also, I would do a lot more than stroke it later. Instead, I felt compelled to play with my tits, and boy, did they feel hot. Putting my hands on them felt so good, and soon, I was pinching my nipples. They grew hotter and hotter until finally, the warmth in them spread to my whole body, and I collapsed onto the table. Bryson turned on the vibrator and put it back into his bag.
"What the fuck just happen to me," I asked.
"That's the beauty of cumming with a vibrator. It gives you that full-body orgasm."
"I don't know if I can give you a full-body one, but I'd like to at least give you a dick orgasm later," I said as I held back the urge to get his cock out right here and now.
"How about after you regain the ability to walk, you come up to my dorm room? Do you know Deven? My room is right next to his." That's convenient, I said to myself, having a naughty thought. Bryson got up and excused himself. But before leaving, he pointed out, "Your tits are covered in yogurt just so you know."
"Thanks!" I said, realizing afterward that it made me sound like an idiot.
I laid my head back down on the table. Truthfully, when I chose to take this exhibitionist path rather than the cream pie one my pledge sisters were, I was a bit jealous. They would get to have fun with boys, while I thought I would get nothing out of showing my pussy to people. But that was proving to be very wrong.
"Zoey?" Another male voice nearby asked. I sat up to see Tony's wide-eyed face. Tony was my lab mate in chemistry. A shorter, skinny guy that I did not have a crush on. However, if I had gone a couple more months of not getting laid, he may have started to look more appealing.
"Hey, Tony. Can you hold off on giving me an orgasm," I requested, not being able to take anymore at the moment.
"What," he asked, confused.
"Oh, never mind," I said, realizing he really did just want to talk. He's a smart guy, and I'm glad to have him as a lab partner. I might have otherwise already failed out of this class.
"I want to talk to you about... actually, can I ask why are you naked," he asked, not being able to hold back his curiosity. Tony's eyes darted all over the place. One second he was looking me in the eyes, then looking at my tits, followed by turning his head away from me completely.
.
"It's for a sorority initiation. If you pledged a fraternity, you'll probably have to do a similar activity," I said, looking at his crotch and speculating about something. Bryson gulped but moved on to the reason he approached me, besides getting a closer look at my naked tits.
"We have a few things we need to do before our last lab report is done. After you are finished here, can you stop by my room? It's number 1107," I nodded.
"Before you go, Bryson, can you get me some napkins? Someone spilled something all over my seat sometime after I sat down," I asked. Sorry again, cafeteria cashier. He grabbed me a healthy amount.
"You should also use some of those on your... chest. There's a white sustenance on them," he said before taking off.
I cleaned myself off and was left alone to finally finish my food. When I was taking my last bite, another person sat beside me. "My bag is full of toys. And I'm much better with them than that amateur boy," said the middle-aged mother who I attracted the attention of in class.
"Mom! You promised you wouldn't bring those on this trip," her son, standing behind her, complained. I excused myself and left, still unprepared to explore that avenue in my love life.
I looked at the time and realized Deven had been waiting for me in his dorm for a while. I had planned to get dressed before heading to his dorm, but now I didn't think I had time. Besides, I was going up there with the intention of getting laid. Why get dressed just to get undressed? I headed up the elevator to the eleventh floor and found Deven, thankfully, still in his room.
"Sorry, it took me so long. I... needed to masturbate," I said, panicking when I realized I couldn't say I was late because another guy was making me cum.
"Do you normally masturbate before a hook-up," he asked, confused but excited.
"Do you want to talk about my masturbation habits, or do you want to slam my cooter with your love rod?"
"Can we do both," he asked. I rolled my eyes and pushed him onto his bed, where I joined him.
I can't believe this was happening. I was actually hooking up with Deven, and all it took was me showing him my naked body and letting him finger me in the cafeteria. If I knew that was all it took, I would have done this on the second day of classes. I put my tongue in his mouth and quickly started wrestling with his tongue. His hands took advantage of my nakedness and explored the areas of my body he had not touched yet. I grew tired of being the only one naked and worked my way down to his pants. Being impatient to see that dick, I got his belt undone just enough to allow me to pull down his pants and boxers, letting his impressive dong flop out. With no hesitation I took it in one hand and got it in my mouth. "Mmmm," I exclaimed, delighted with the taste.
I rubbed my lips up and down it for a couple of minutes and let my tongue lick every inch it could reach. "Your mouth feels amazing, but did you come here to just blow me or...," Deven said.
I pulled the cock out of my mouth. "Sorry. I've got a thing for sucking cock, but yeah, I came here to fuck. I haven't masturbated for the last three months thinking about this moment only to not do it." I adjusted my position and raised myself just over the head of his cock. I took hold of his shaft and guided him into me. "Oh fuck yeah, that's what I've wanted," I said with a smile.
"You've been masturbating to the thought of fucking me," Deven asked, showing he was serious about wanting to talk about my self-sexual satisfaction habits.
"I mean, yes. I have to think about something...fuck, you have a girthy cock... do you think about me when you masturbate?" I was flexing my buttock muscles hard as I drove my hips harder and harder into his.
"To be honest, I barely knew who you were before today. Sorry," he said as his hands played with my tits.
"I'm inclined to forgive you. But maybe next time you jerk it, you'll think of me. Or maybe you should just make fucking me a regular thing. Or maybe we watch the other masturbate. Or maybe... sorry. I'm talking a lot." When I have a dick in me, I start to get a lot of weird ideas. Once, while fucking my first boyfriend, I agreed to suck his older brother's cock the next time I saw him. His wife still sends me very hurtful text messages.
My legs started twitching more and more as his dick plunged even deeper into me. But as I felt myself nearing a very happy feeling, Deven's dick started twitching and pumping a warm liquid into me. "God damn, you have a tight pussy for fucking," he groaned as he continued to cum. I was a bit disappointed, but it's not like he didn't already make me cum today. I lightly humped him until I felt he had fully finished.
"Thank you for this, Zoey. Can I see you again sometime," he asked. I smiled and nodded. I think I just got my third boyfriend. "And to be clear, by, see you again, I mean see you naked and fill you up with my cum," he clarified. So maybe I would be less of a girlfriend to him and more of a cum dumpster, but I was still happy about it.
"By the way, I hoped it was okay I came inside you," he said as I climbed off of him. I hope so too, I thought, realizing maybe I should have taken a bit more caution, but it's too late to worry about that now. For a brief second, I looked around the room for my clothes before realizing I was an idiot.
"Hey, listen. This was fun, but I have to go," I said, pointing next door.
"Oh, do you have class or something?" Not wanting to say I promised his neighbor I would fuck him too, I made something up.
"No, I need to... masturbate?" Why was that the only thing popping in my head this afternoon? Feeling embarrassed,
I didn't give him a chance to question that, so I jumped into the hall. I walked one door down and knocked, preparing myself to get plowed again.
"Come in," I heard the voice of Bryson yell. I walked in and saw two men staring at my body. Bryson and I assume his roommate.
"Sorry, Zoey, my roommate Tripp is refusing to give us privacy. I think we might have to hook up later," he explained.
"Holy shit. This bitch isn't messing around. She showed up to your hook-up naked?"
"Excuse me. I didn't get naked for this hook-up. I was already nude in the cafeteria when I came up here. It's a sorority thing."
He turned to his roommate. "I need to start going with you to lunch. Last time I ate down there, all I saw was a fat guy scratching his balls for two minutes." He turned back around to face me, or more specifically, face my bare pussy, which he seemed to be enamored with.
"When do you think you might have your room to yourself again, Bryson?"
"Truthfully. Probably not till tomorrow. The only time Tripp tends to leave is for classes. See you tomorrow then?" I didn't move but instead squirmed a bit as I considered something. I was really excited about hooking up with my crush. I know I just got fucked by another crush, but I wanted more. Fuck it.
"What... if we have sex with him here," I shyly suggested.
"Hell yeah! Do it! You guys will be like my own personal live porn," Tripp said, approving of my suggestion.
"I'm not doing this for your benefit, Tripp. I just really like Bryson. That's all. I can't stop you from watching, but you can keep your comments to yourself," I said, making clear my intention. Although I knew I wasn't being totally honest about my motivation.
"If you're sure, we can do it on my bed. I can rig up some privacy curtains with some sheets," Bryson stated, looking around the room.
"No! I mean, that seems like a lot of work. I'm okay without them." I headed to the bed and sat on it. Tripp turned around fully on his chair, not hiding the fact that he fully intended to watch us.
"You should fuck her doggy style," he suggested.
"Fucking shut up Tripp. She just said she isn't doing this for you," Bryson said, defending me.
"Well... not because your roommate suggested it, but fucking me from behind does sound fun." Without waiting for his approval, I got on my knees on the bed and supported my upper half on the end of his bed. Coincidentally, I was facing where Tripp sat.
Bryson didn't question things further, and after fumbling around behind me for a bit, I gasped as another cock belonging to my crush of mine penetrated me. I regretted not looking at and sucking on his dick before this, but I could tell he was working with something impressive. It didn't take long before his hips were slapping against my ass hard, and I was moaning like a schoolgirl, which I guess I was. All the while, I locked eyes with Tripp.
Besides the person fucking me, no one has ever watched me get fucked. It was actually pretty hot. Tripp stayed silent, but his eyes said everything. He watched my tits bounce due to the pounding Bryson was giving me. He stared at my backside as it jiggled while I was humped. He watched my face slowly turn to blissful agony as pleasure overwhelmed my senses. And finally, he took the entire sight of me in when Bryson unloaded his balls in me just as I was getting close to an orgasm. Damn it, that was frustrating.
"Holy fuck, dude, that was hot. And did you just cream pie her? You just got that bitch knocked up, Bryson," Tripp said, wiping the sweat off of his face.
"Shut up Tripp. She's on birth control, I'm sure. Otherwise, she would have insisted on condoms. Moron," Bryson said, pulling out of me. I chose not to process what I was hearing.
"Sorry again about my roommate," he said, pulling his boxers on, but not before I got an eyeful of the dick that was just in me.
"Hey, maybe I can come by and hang out again," I asked him.
"Sure, provided hang out is code for me unloading my throbbing dick in your pussy again," he countered.
"Yeah, that's what I meant too."
"You should know, though, that Tripp has his nerdy friends over here a lot. So you might call ahead and check with me to make sure they aren't here." Or maybe I don't call ahead and try my luck, I thought to myself. I really wish I would have cum for Tripp. I mean myself. I wish I would have cum for myself, and maybe Tripp and his friends happened to be watching and maybe recording me in the future. And that they use those recordings to jack off to later, and then I get really brave and invite them to join next time Bryson and I are fucking and...
"I should really go," I said, standing up, feeling hot. "Thank you for having me in your lovely room," I said to Tripp before running out.
My mind was getting a bit cock crazy. I think I was maybe having a bit too much sex today if that's even a thing. I should focus on my studies and catch up with Tony. He said he had some things to review for our latest lab report. I was about to head to my room to get dressed when I noticed the room right next door. It was 1107, Tony's room. As luck would have it, he was neighbors with Bryson, the last guy I just fucked. Small world. It wouldn't make sense to go all the way back to my room, get dressed, and come all the way back here. Besides, Tony seemed to enjoy the sight of my tits. It's the least I could do for him.
I knocked on the door and let myself in. "Hey Tony, I'm here. You wanted to talk about the lab report?" I found him working on some papers on the floor.
"Zoey," he said, standing up. "You're... still naked," he said nervously.
"Yeah, I figured I'd come here straight after eating lunch," I lied. "What's the big deal. I'm probably one in a long line of girls you've gotten naked in here," I said, teasing him.
"That's not true. You're the first. You're actually the first girl I've ever seen naked in person," Tony said in a bit of a whisper.
"The first of many, I'm sure," I said, scratching his head.
We sat on the floor, and he started going over what he had written up so far, although he was much more distracted than usual. He was frequently making looks at my body. I couldn't exactly blame him, especially considering I was sitting with my legs crossed, which tended to...open up my vagina. However, my mind wasn't exactly focused on this, either. Not that I ever really focused on the lab reports, but fucking Deven and Bryson in a row really got me worked up. My mind kept drifting to filthy places. I really wish I had cum at least once while fucking them.
Tony adjusted his shorts a bit before continuing to read something out loud about electron exchange. I wouldn't mind exchanging something with him right now. I'll bet his cock is rock hard right now sitting next to a naked hot chick like me. I can't believe he has never been with a woman before. If my mind was thinking dirty thoughts, I could only imagine all of the things he was fantasizing about doing to me. I really wanted to know. "Tony," I said, interrupting him. "What are you thinking about right now?"
"Well, like I was just saying, the calcium ion...,"
"No, not about the lab report. Let's take a break from that. Besides that, what are you thinking about? Especially with a naked girl in your room," I asked, inching a bit closer to him.
"Oh, well. You're really pretty," he said, glancing at me before looking away.
"So every time you've snuck a peak at my pussy, the thought that goes into your head is, I'm pretty? Come now, be honest."
Tony was quiet for a bit before finally saying, "You know what I was thinking. Stop teasing me."
"Tony. Do you want me to give you a hand job?" I asked bluntly.
"What? You really don't have to do that, Zoey," he said.
"Let me rephrase that. Tony. Can I please rub my hand on your cock until you cum?"
Tony stood up and looked almost a bit scared. "You actually want to do that with me? No girl has ever shown interest in me before. Are you just trying to bribe me to do the lab report all by myself?"
I stood up and approached him. "I'm hanging out naked with a guy in his dorm room, just the two of us. How could I not get horny thinking about the stuff the two of us might do in here. So get that big-d out and let me rub it." I got up right in Tony's face and started massaging the outside of his crotch. He went wide-eyed but didn't say anything or try and stop me, so I undid his pants and pulled out his dick.
I always thought nerdy guys were supposed to be hiding massive twelve-inch dongs, but his was a respectable six inches. The important thing is it was rock-hard and in my hand. We stood there making eye contact while I stroked it back and forth with my hand. "Zoey...," he said as his face started to show the pleasure he was feeling.
"Just relax, big guy, and let him take care of things. Actually, change of plans," I said, letting go of the penis. I decided this wasn't enough for Tony or my own purposes. I got on my knees and took the dick in my hands once again.
"Are you...," he started to ask.
"Going to suck your cock until you unload your balls down my throat? Good idea. Let's do that," I said before opening my mouth and taking my third cock on the day into my mouth.
I moaned out my customary "mmmm" as my mouth filled with the taste of his cock. It was yet another dick that tasted fantastic against my tongue. I began to suspect that rather than me lucking out on blowing three guys with great-tasting cocks I just really liked the taste of them in general. However, I would need a bigger sample size before I can draw that conclusion.
"Oh my god, Zoey, this is incredible. Thank you so much for doing this. I'll do all the lab reports for you," Tony groaned, closing his eyes. I hoped he didn't think I was sucking him because I wanted him to do all of the work. He was going to do the whole report anyway, as any part I wrote was 'filled with fluff and irrelevant garbage,' according to our professor. Really I was just horny. I wasn't doing this to get anything out of him, well, except his cum.
I freed my mouth of dick for a minute. "Stop talking like I'm a whore trading my body to avoid class work. Just because I showed up naked and started getting sexual with you out of the blue doesn't mean I'm trying to convince you of anything other than to stick that cock in me," I complained.
"So you want to help write the report," the red-faced Tony asked.
I was getting frustrated. "No. What I want is you to fuck me." I lay on the floor and went spreadeagled in front of the naive boy.
"Zoey...I... don't...what? I mean to say I'm a virgin. I've never done this before," he admitted to me while staring at my wide-opened pussy.
"That's okay, Tony. The truth of the matter
is I'm a virgin, too," I said in a soft voice. Tony looked at me skeptically. "Okay, fine. I don't know why I said that. I know my way around a dick. But you're still in my first ten. I think? Do you want to discuss my previous fucks, or do you want to feel what my pussy feels like as your dick rubs inside it?"
Tony didn't answer with words but climbed on top of me on the floor. "I can't believe this is finally happening and with you, Zoey," he said excitedly before looking down at the tip of his penis rubbing against me. "Should I...,"
"Shut the hell up and stick it in me? Yes," I said, not wanting to hear more questions that I'm sure are unimportant and won't affect me long term.
After a bit of poking, his dick found its mark and penetrated me. Simultaneously, we both moaned at the awesome feeling of his manhood in me. "Now fuck me hard like the eager virgin you are. Don't stop until we are both writhing in pleasure," I commanded. And that's exactly what he did. Without build-up or further questions, Tony got to work on my pussy. He didn't hesitate to push his full length into my pussy, and I loved it. He wasn't the biggest cock I've had, not even today, but he was hitting the perfect spot inside me. I wrapped my legs around him as I didn't want him to move or do anything else that may make him stop what he was doing. Deven and Bryson's dicks had let me down by cumming inside me before I could reach my peak of pleasure. It wasn't going to happen again.
His dick was absolutely ravaging my pussy. The friction in my pussy was warming me up quick, even though I was gushing juices. My ass wouldn't stop spasming, either. The agony of the pleasure was unbearable. My hands flayed around, trying to grab something that may give me respite from the building feeling in me, but I found nothing. My mind went white as I was overwhelmed with ecstasy, and my orgasm exploded within me.
I came to, hearing Tony asking me if I was okay. Even with his concern, he was still pumping my pussy as vigorously as ever, bless his heart. "God damn Tony. Your first time fucking a woman, and you made her cum hard. Either I'm that big of a slut that cums easily, or you are talented with your cock. Let's just say it's both of those things. Are you close to cumming," I asked, still feeling light-headed.
"I think I am. Should I...," I interrupted him.
"What have I told you about asking questions during sex. I might seriously have to question whether I'm going to make fucking you a regular thing I do. I mean, I'm totally going to fuck you more in the future, but please just stop asking questions during sex. You can declare things like how hot I am and how I'm good at giving head...," I said, pausing.
Tony looked at me, clueless for a bit. I motioned my hands to him until he finally realized what I wanted. "Zoey, you are hot and good at giving head," he said confusedly.
"Thanks, Tony!" In my post-orgasm state, I couldn't remember what my point was before pushing him to compliment my face fucking skills, so I went quiet.
Tony had a combination of concern and lust on his face that only seemed to be getting more intense before culminating in him unleashing his cum inside me. "Congrats on losing your virginity and making a girl cum. Sorry about all of the juices I leaked onto your rug. I'm a moist fuck," I admitted as he finished giving me a cream pie. He rolled over off of me, panting loudly.
"It's okay that I came inside you," he asked.
"Phht, totally. What am I an idiot that lets guys cum inside her without anything in place to prevent pregnancy," I said dismissively. Oh my god, I'm an idiot that let another guy cum inside me without anything in place to prevent pregnancy. That's probably what he kept wanting to ask me. I shook my head free of these thoughts as it was too late to worry about that now.
"Hey, I'm going to head out now. You can finish the report up, right? Not that I fucked you for the purpose of getting out of writing the report, though. Also unrelated, we have another report due next week right? I'll probably be horny around that same time, so... be ready." Tony responded with a thumbs-up, and I left the room.
The orgasm left me with a jumbled head, and my legs were pretty shaky. I had come up to this floor to fuck two guys and check in with Tony. So I still had one more fuck to go if I was doing the math right. Their rooms were all in a row, so Tony's next-door neighbor should be the last guy I needed to visit.
Not bothering to knock, I pushed the door open and declared, "Who is ready to fuck me?" Inside the room, I found an unfamiliar face. Actually, four of them. I poked my head back out to the hallway and realized my mistake. I came here to visit three rooms. One to fuck Deven. One to fuck Bryson. And one to work on the lab report with Tony. I think fucking and orgasming on Tony's dick threw me off, and I ended up visiting a fourth room.
"Are you really here to fuck us," one of the strangers asked. I looked back at them and considered the situation. It would be pretty embarrassing to just walk away right now. I'm sure these guys would tell everyone about how I walked in naked and said such sexual things. That would be really bad for my reputation. The only logical thing to do would be to fuck these guys.
"Is that a problem? I can check with the next room if you guys think you are too good to put your penises in me," I teased. All four of them stood up and assured me they thought me very worthy of their cocks. As all four of them frantically got undressed for me, I admitted to myself that I knew offering to fuck them after my mistakenly walking in here was not logical, nor anything other than me being a bit slutty. But hey, if a girl can't act a little slutty on a Tuesday afternoon, when can she?
I was then faced with four naked men, each attached to an erect dick. It was a buffet of dongs, and I was starving. "As much as I would like to, I can't take you guys all on at once," I pointed to two of them, and as I got on my knees, I directed one of them to fuck me from behind while I sucked the other off. It was then that one of the two guys I didn't pick to immediately pleasure started to question the situation.
"Wait a second. Why did you show up naked all of a sudden and want to fuck us? In real life, that doesn't happen. What's going on?" He asked.
"Dude. You're just questioning this because you didn't get chosen to fuck her right away," the guy positioning his cock behind me complained. If I told them the truth that I came to his room by accident, they would think I was an idiot, so I had to come up with another excuse.
"I wasn't supposed to reveal this, but one, you hired me as a prostitute to have sex with you guys. He thought you guys needed to get laid with all the stress of classes you've been experiencing. So enjoy," I explained. Claiming I am a sex worker to people living in my own dorm may not have been my best decision. I'm sure my roommate won't appreciate constant knocks at my door asking if my pussy is available to rent.
"That makes no fucking sense at all. Two of my friends here are visiting from out of town and don't attend school at all. My roommate here hasn't been to class in the past two weeks. Finally, the four of us just hired a pair of hookers last night. So just admit it, you're lying, aren't you." I was still on my knees and wondering why these guys were looking a gift horse in the pussy so much.
"Wait? Is this not floor ten? I think I went to the wrong room," I said thinking on my feet, kind of. All four guys busted out laughing.
"What a dumb bitch walking naked into the wrong room!"
"I knew she was a slut, but it turns out she's that and an idiot."
"I think I recognize her from when I actually went to my European history class. She spent ten minutes arguing with the professor that you are supposed to pronounce the XVI after Louis the Sixteenth's name. Great tits but a moron."
I was starting to get mad being made fun of by the guys I was trying to get fucked by. "You guys are complete assholes, and I can't believe I ever thought about having sex with you guys. I don't have to take this crap," I said while still on my knees. The room went silent for a few seconds.
"Aren't you going to leave?" One of the guys asked.
"I don't have to like you guys to still have sex with you. Stick your cocks in me already. The sooner we get this over with, the sooner I can stomp off in a huff." The naked guys in front and behind me looked at each other and shrugged. I then got a dick in my pussy and a cock in my mouth. For the first time in my life, I was taking on two guys at once.
"This girl's pussy is already soaked. Damn, she really did want this. You said you have a class with her? She's actually a student and not just some whore who wandered into the dorm off the street," the guy fucking me asked the guy who I was giving oral pleasure to.
"Her tongue is amazing. I don't think I'm going to last a minute with what her mouth is doing to me. But yeah, it's for sure her. She always had this know-it-all attitude but without the knowledge to back it up. I figured a girl like that would be a huge prude. I was wrong about that," my oral friend said.
One of the other two I wasn't pleasuring, for now, came in from the hall. "So I just checked, and there are no clothes out there. She must have been walking around the door fully naked. Who does that?"
My vaginal buddy spoke up again. "I'm about at my limit. She's got to be on birth control, right? She claims she is a whore. What whore lets guys fuck her barebacked and isn't on birth control?"
"Couldn't she answer that herself or respond to any of the comments we've been making? All she would need to do is take the dick out of her mouth for like five seconds to respond to us right," one of the friends watching his other friends
have sex with a stranger said.
"I don't know, man. She is really focused on sucking my dick. Like, I don't think I could get loose if I tried. God damn," the man whose cock I was heavily focused on sucking said.
Both men, almost at the same time, came into two of my orifices. Despite all of the cock sucking I had done today, this was the first time I had anyone cum inside my mouth. I swallowed the salty load as the man behind me finished squirting in me before pulling out. The two boys sat on the floor, wiped out from their orgasms. I looked at the dicks of the two men that had been waiting plenty. "Eight inches, get back there and pump me. Five inches, come here and face fuck me," I commanded.
The five-inch guy pouted a bit as he walked to position. "I really need to get friends with smaller dicks."
My mouth and pussy made short work of both of their cocks and joined the sperm of their friends in my mouth and pussy. As all four men lay around basking in the glow of the orgasms I had given them, I informed them I needed to leave. "You still won't tell us why you fucked us," one of them asked as I walked towards the door.
"Does a rose tell you why it withers? Do sunrises explain why they inspire the hearts of men? Are you owed an explanation as to why a cool breeze can wash away even the darkest thoughts," I answered him in a smooth voice.
"What the fuck are you talking about, you crazy slut," the man asked as I closed the door behind me.
My second task for the sorority was finally completed. Although that was over an hour ago, I don't know why I was just now pointing that out to myself. Nothing I've done since then had anything to do with the sorority.
I made it back to my room, where I got dressed. I shared with my roommate all of the details of my cafeteria and dorm room adventures being nude. "... and with a few poetic lines I improvised on the spot, the four guys understood completely and questioned me no further. And that's how my lunch was. Thanks for asking."
"I never asked to hear about your lunch, especially in the form of you talking non-stop for twenty minutes. I never ask you anything because you always end up telling me some terrible story about how you ended up masturbating in the library. It sounds like you've graduated to just being a full-on slut now, Zoey. Girls don't describe the taste of men's penises with each other or how cocks felt when they came inside them. It's also weird how you talked about how you being in denial about probably getting impregnated by these men, yet kept letting them cum inside you. Can you please try and act like a normal girl," she pleaded.
My mind was elsewhere as she talked but she seemed to be finished speaking finally. "I can't say and talk. I've got to go skinny dipping in the school's Olympic-sized pool. I'll tell you about it when I get back. Bye!" Being fully dressed again and walking around in the dorm felt weird, just as it had after I got dressed after class. I wondered if all this public exposure of my body was going to give me some weird kinks before this was all done?
I arrived at the school's gym and proceeded to the women's locker room. Inside, I was met with the sight of older women casually walking around the locker room with no shame. Don't they realize how uncomfortable they are making people by walking around naked? I endured and found an empty locker that I deposited all of my clothes into. Fully naked now, I entered the shower and hung out under a stream of warm water as I got myself hyped up. Of the five places I needed to be naked, the pool was maybe the easiest one. I just needed to quickly get in the pool, and at least my nudity would be obscured by the water.
Realizing things would not get any easier, I turned off my shower and marched towards the door leading to the pool. As I neared it, a fully naked woman behind me called out. "Wait, miss! You forgot your swimsuit!"
"Mind your own business, you old slut," I shouted back. I opened the door and introduced the large pool area to the sight of my naked, wet body. I was relieved to find the pool wasn't jammed. It was far from empty but mostly filled with older people swimming around and a few students. The old men near the side of the pool I came out at noticed me quickly and stared. Realizing I was just standing there and not rushing to the relative safety of the water, I quickly scooted and jumped into the pool.
A couple of the more brazen older men paddled over to me. I know I have fucked a lot of people today, but I was not going to have sex with old men in the pool, regardless of what convoluted argument they tried to use on me. "Excuse me, miss. I'm an influential professor here at the university in the same field as you. I'm doing a critical study of women's vaginas, and if you could help me, I could get you connected with the top people in our field," one of them informed me.
I rolled my eyes. "Nice try, but I know for a fact that a professor in the English department is also studying vaginas. I've seen his fliers. Why would the school have two professors studying the same thing?" Looking defeated, he swam away.
A second elderly man then swam up to me and took his shot at getting into my metaphorical pants. "My sperm is sought after all over the world by top scientists. I need a safe place to store it, and I've determined your vagina is it. Please, my cum may hold the key to the future of medicine, but I must keep it from falling into the wrong hands!"
I shook my head. "I'm not going to get impregnated by an old guy just so some large pharmacy company can develop their next five billion dollar product." His facial expression faded to sadness as he swam away. I think he really thought that line would gain him access to my womb.
Finally, a third man old enough to be my great-great-grandfather approached. "I got a seven-inch dick. Want to fuck," he asked. A small part of me wanted to reward him for being so honest and brazen, but again I somehow managed to find the willpower to resist fucking a senior citizen in a University pool and turned him down.
It had been only a few minutes since I got into the pool. I had to stay here for thirty minutes in total. I still questioned how the sorority would have any clue how long I was in here for. Did they have someone following me? I hadn't even told them I was choosing this route. But I trusted the system and wouldn't try to find a shortcut. I swam around to pass the time.
Five minutes later, I noticed a guy my age swimming about, but something about him seemed off. I stuck my head into the water and opened my eyes. I knew it. He was also fully naked. I then noticed he was doing the same and stuck his head under the water to confirm my nakedness. As were several old men too, but that wasn't relevant currently.
We swam towards each other, both looking to ask why the other was swimming with their privates dangling free in the water. "Sorority initiation?" He asked me.
"Yeah. Does your frat have a similar requirement?"
"It seems so. Were those old men trying to get you to fuck them? I swear the sight of naked young people really gets them going. I've been swimming around trying to avoid these elderly women. Some of the lines they use to try and get you to bone them are crazy. Like, why would me hearing about how you blew Humphrey Bogart in a Denny's bathroom make me want to have sex with you? Also, I'm pretty sure he died years before the first one opened," he told me.
"Truthfully, in my case, me being naked has nothing to do with it. I've swam in this pool in very conservative swimwear before, and the old men still try saying anything they can think of to convince you to have a threesome with them, and a girl in the coffee shop they say looks like the AT&T girl. Why are they all so horny for the women in those commercials?"
We laughed at that together. "I'm Zoey, by the way."
"Kane," he replied. "So, what exactly is your sorority task?"
"Oh, I have to be in the pool naked exactly for 30 minutes. Only fifteen to go!"
"Lucky. I have to stay here naked till a girl lets me cream-pie her. I've been swimming around for three hours. Those seventy-year-old women are starting to sound a bit convincing. Which is horrifying to me."
Hearing about his situation put an idea into my head. An idea that I knew I was going to do the second I thought it. "Kane. I'm not going anywhere for the next fifteen minutes. How about you fill me up with your love juice and avoid the geriatric sex," I offered. I have had sex for a number of dumb reasons today. I might as well have sex once today for the benefit of someone else. I mean, besides the benefits of giving them a world-shaking orgasm.
"You would really let me do that? Thank you so much!" I embraced him, and we started making out.
I quickly felt his penis become engorged and ready to fuck. It was fun feeling a penis go from being shrunk down in the cold water to a throbbing giant ready to penetrate me deeply. I had never had sex in the water before and wasn't sure how best to do this without drowning. Kane, though, seemed to know precisely the best way to do it. He had me wrap my legs and arms around him, which gave his cock easy access to my pussy. He then kept us afloat with his arms and legs while I lifted myself up and down on his cock. Kane must have done his research before taking on this fraternity initiation task. "And don't worry. The chlorine in the pool will kill my sperm, so me cumming inside won't result in a pregnancy," he explained. For once, I was having sex today without that being a worry.
It wasn't exactly hard for others in the pool to guess what the two of us were doing, but I didn't care. As I continued to hop on his pogo stick, Kane guided us to a corner of the pool where we were mostly by ourselves. Sex in water was an amazing experience. I felt so weightless and could lift myself up on his dick so easily. The coolness of the water was also refreshing, especially since I was pumping him hard. The experience began to take its toll on me, and I worried about how loud I would get and how much it would echo in the pool area. But with a loud grunt of his own, Kane eliminated that worry by cumming inside me. I was a bit disappointed it happened so soon, but I remembered the real reason I had sex with him.
"God, you were the best fuck I've ever had in this pool," he said as the last of his cum drained into me.
"Wait, you've done this before," I asked, confused.
"Okay, putting all of my cards on the table. I swim naked in this pool every day and use the same fraternity initiation story on all of the college girls and sometimes mothers on parent's days. I probably get five or six believing me every week. It's crazy. I'm sorry for lying to you, especially about the chlorine thing, but I wanted to get laid."
"I think in my heart I knew it wasn't true. But it felt good, at least for a minute, to think I was helping someone in their time of need. Also, the penis massaging the inside of my pussy felt good," I said, letting him off the hook for his lie. We smiled at each other and kissed again. "Wait. What do you mean 'especially about the chlorine thing?"
"Oh crap, I'm late for class. Bye," he said, swimming off.
"That guy is a jackass. I haven't tricked a single college girl to fuck me since he started his stupid frat grift. Anyway, do you have a minute to hear about the immense medical benefits of my jizz," a larger elderly man said to me.
I excused myself and swam off to another corner. I wonder if I could trick guys into fucking me in the pool using the same lie? Ideally, guys are born post-1960, but I can't be too picky, I guess. I then realized the clock showed I had just passed my thirty-minute requirement. I had just completed my third task. I was over halfway done to being a DTF sister.
Thinking about how excited this was for me and about the water sex I just had, I headed to the door back to the locker room. I found a free shower and rinsed off. It's been rough, but I am getting through this initiation and gaining friends and new experiences as I did. Meanwhile, all my slutty pledge sisters are just acting as cum dumpsters for horny men they will never see again. I really chose the right path.
A voice in a shower behind me spoke up. "Excuse me. I don't want to make the wrong assumption, so pardon me for asking. How do you identify in terms of gender?"
I responded while enjoying the feeling of the water spray on my face. "I'm a cis female. Thank you for asking. Too many people assume, so it's better to ask than offend."
"Okay, thank you for letting me know. My next question is, are you a horny slut?"
"Okay, well, in that case, asking the question can offend. But it's not something I identify as."
"Apologies for offending, but you are a naked female showering in the men's locker room while surrounded by ten naked old men." I quickly turned around and was met, indeed, with
the naked, wet, and wrinkly bodies of old men. I must have carelessly entered the wrong locker room door. I've been making some dumb mistakes post-coitus. Maybe this is why most people go to sleep after sex.
"Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry," I said while still looking at their dicks.
"It's okay, miss. But you should probably head back out to your own showers," one of the men replied.
"No, that isn't enough. I've embarrassed all of you men by walking in here and seeing you naked. If the roles were reversed and you walked into the women's shower, they would be really pissed with you. I'm sure you are equally mad at me."
"Really, it's okay. Mistakes happen. None of us think you did this with any ill intent," another of them said.
"You're probably all rich alumni with immense sway over the school, too. I'm so fucking screwed, aren't I? I heard of a student who spray-painted cars in the parking garage. One of them turned out to be a big-shot alumnus who donated money for a whole building. The student was arrested," I said, starting to panic.
"I think he was arrested because of the crime he committed, not the alumni," one of the men commented while I ignored him.
"God, I'm going to get expelled, and my parents will disown me, and I'll have to get a job as a stripper. I don't want to show my naked body to strangers," I said, pacing around.
"Miss, please calm down. I think you are confused about who we are...," a naked old man told me while holding his hands up in a calming matter.
"If I fuck you guys will you promise not to use your immense alumni influence and money to get me kicked out of school?"
The ten men stood quietly, looking at each other. "Yes," one of them finally replied.
The men led me out of the shower into a more secluded area of the men's locker room, ushering me past several more naked men who looked curious about what ten naked men and one naked woman could be up to. Arriving at the spot in the back, I made clear how this would work. "I don't have all day to fuck you guys, so I'm going to take as many of you on at once as possible. Whoever of you is the most wealthy and has the most sway with the university, lay on the ground, and I'll sit on your hard dick."
The men looked at each other confused and started pointing to each other and silently mouthing words. Finally, one of them took the initiative and laid on the floor where his dick stood straight up, awaiting to penetrate me. "Oh fuck you, Jerry. You can forget about that ten dollars I owe you then," a man complained. I guess you don't become a millionaire by forgetting debts, even ones that small.
I stood over the cock and squatted down on it, letting it enter me fully. "Oh fuck, you got some girth," I groaned. After taking a minute to compose myself, I gave the next set of instructions. "Okay, I need three more men to stand around me." A set of them stepped forward, and I grabbed two of the cocks with my hands and started stroking them. The third dick I took into my mouth.
The men were pretty old and far from my type, but the sheer fact that I was pleasuring four men at once was fucking incredible. It took a lot of coordination on my part to pull this off. I was easy enough for the penis currently in my pussy. I just lifted my legs up and down, and I could feel him rubbing against the walls of my pussy. It was far from the most passionate vaginal sex I have had, but I'm sure it was going to get the job done. With that set, I simply stroked the cocks I had in each hand up and down in unison with my humping. What took more coordination was the blow job I was giving, but eventually, I had my lips and tongue working that cock as well.
I wonder how many hot college students these rich guys have had ride their cocks over the years. I could see them going to a department and offering to pay for a new lab in exchange for a dozen or so of their hottest students agreeing to take their loads. God, I wish I was rich and could make the university provide me with hot guys to fuck whenever I wanted.
It must have been a while since these guys traded money for college girl orgies because after only a few minutes, my mouth was filled with cum, followed right after by my pussy. I was about to offer the men attached to the dicks in my hands the opportunity to take the place of their now-completed friends, but the feeling of cum spraying on my tits and face from both sides told me that wasn't needed. The men I had just given hand jobs and oral to backed up, allowing me to stand up off of the man I just got cream-pied by. Old men are infertile, right? I think they are, or at least that's what I'm going to tell myself for now.
The remaining six men started arguing about who gets next and where. Not seeing an end to this fight, I decided for myself who would get pleasured by what part of my body. I chose randomly, with it being a complete coincidence that the man with the biggest cock ended up in my pussy. Getting everyone in position, I ended up with another four penises in my care.
My senses began to get a bit overwhelmed. The men in my hands were so firm. The combination of sweat and pre-cum allowed my hands to move satisfyingly easily up and down on them. My mouth, of course, still tasted like the load of cum the last guy had deposited into me, but my new friend's distinct taste added another layer to the sensation. I had made no attempt to remove the cum on my chest and face that the previous group had covered me with. The result was my nose was inundated with the smell of cum. An odor I had not appreciated until now really turned me on. All of this was adding up on top of the fact that the penis currently railing my pussy was feeling really good.
So good that I was moaning loudly into the cock in my mouth. Every second, my senses were being bombarded by cocks and cum. I couldn't think of anything but that, and I was humping harder and harder. I couldn't catch my breath with a penis in my mouth, so I took it out and resorted to just licking it. That caused my moans to be much more audible and echo all over the locker room.
My pussy then started twitching uncontrollably, and my body was rocked by the sudden onset of an orgasm. An orgasm I was given by fucking old guys in a men's locker room. At least they were rich. I was barely able to keep myself focused on stroking the cocks in my hand, but the sight of my body cumming must have been the last straw, and soon all three, including the one I was licking, sprayed me with a fresh layer of cum. I looked down at my lover on the floor, who informed me that he had cummed about the same time I did. Through heavy breaths, I asked, "You... you aren't getting me pregnant, right?"
"Sure. We'll say I'm not," he said in a tone that totally made me believe him.
I got off him and had to brace myself against a locker as I stood up. My legs were not stable as I still had slight waves of pleasure pulsing through me. But I knew I was almost done. Only two guys to go. Looking up, though, I saw there were eight guys looking at me eagerly with erections ready to enter my orifices. "What? How did two of you turn into eight," I asked in a foggy state. "Are you guys rich alumni too?"
The six new men smiled. "Of course. Way richer and way more influential than the guys you already fucked," he informed me. I had no idea so many wealthy alumni frequently used the school's pool. You would think they would have their own or use the country club's pool. But I guess using the pool on campus had the added benefit of maybe fucking a college girl.
I managed to find the energy to plow through eight more cocks. I became even more covered in cum, took more cum down my throat, and was cream pied even more by men whose sperm wasn't going to fertilize me. I also had my second orgasm given to me by an elderly man's dick. I still wasn't attracted to men in their seventies, but it was nice to know they could get the job done if I had no other options.
With the last dick drained, I collapsed on the locker room floor sweaty, panting like a dog, and covered in cum. A healthy amount of cum was also leaking out of my pussy. The men went on their way, but I had saved my college career. I think? I guess at no point did those men know my name or anything else about me other than what my vagina felt like when they came inside it. So I guess I have no idea how I saved myself from getting kicked out of school, but letting all those old men fill and cover me in their cum could only lead to good things.
After laying there for ten minutes, I recovered enough to get on my feet and make my way back to the men's showers. I passed a good number of men who I hoped had a net worth under seven figures because I didn't have the energy to pleasure anyone else. In the worst case, I would just give them my dorm room number and tell them to hit me up there later. But luckily, none of them did and just stared at my naked, cum covered body. I exited the shower back into the pool area and quickly made my way to the correct locker room.
I got myself under a shower and started washing the large amount of spum off of me. Seeing the state I was in, an older woman asked me. "Oh my god. Don't tell me you fell for Gerald's line about his cum having de-aging properties. Trust me, after trying it for four months straight, my skin looks as old as ever." I smiled but didn't respond. I didn't need to get into a situation where I embarrassed myself in front of rich alumni women. I don't even know how to pleasure four women at once.
The warm water felt great, and slowly, the man fluids washed off me. "Here. There's still some on your back," a familiar voice behind me said as I felt a washcloth rub my back. I turned around to see the sight of that student's mother I kept running into. A mother that seemed to have a strong interest in me. Although now she was fully
naked and wet.
"Hello again. My son had a mixer to attend for visiting high school students. I figure I come here and get some laps in. Never thought I'd run into you in such a... state," she said while giving my naked body a full look over. "Looks like you had some fun. Got time for some more," she asked, running her finger along the side of my breast. I excused myself and ran into the locker room, eager to get dressed again. Still not ready to commit to fucking a middle-aged MILF, no matter how surprisingly tight her body is.
After drying off, I got dressed. I only had one more task to go, but it might be the hardest to accomplish. I headed out of the locker room and past the front desk. The two girls working there were gossiping about something. "Apparently, some girl sneaked into the guy's locker room and fucked a bunch of old men in there," she said to her friend.
"Old men? Oh, it's probably the retired custodians. They use the pool and showers a lot at this time of day. Why would a girl fuck them?" That's weird, I thought. That must have happened just before I had sex with all of those wealthy alumni. That locker room must see a lot of action.
I was close to the finish line and headed to the final place I needed to be naked. As I walked there, I turned my phone back on to see several dozen missed calls and texts from my dad. While flipping through his frantic messages, he called my phone, which I reluctantly answered. "Zoey, my god, what is wrong with you? You don't joke to your father that you are going to lunch naked, then turn off your phone. Are you okay? You aren't naked right now, are you?"
"No, Dad. I'm not in the guy's locker room anymore. I'm fully dressed and walking on campus," I said dismissively.
He was silent for a bit on his end of the line. "What do you mean men's locker room?"
"I mean, I met a lot of influential men who can help me advance in my field. Yes, I may have shown them a bit of skin and touched their penises a little bit, but these men are leaders in my chosen career path," I explained.
"Zoey. You don't have a career path. Your major is undecided."
"They didn't get me pregnant if that's what you are worried about," I said, having convinced myself of that.
"That is one of many, many things I am worried about with you. Next time you are about to make a choice that involves you showing off your naked body or putting a penis inside some part of you, maybe stop and don't do that. Please," dad pleaded.
"How about tomorrow I do that because right now I just got to the president's office. Wish me luck, Dad, bye!"
As I hung up, I heard Dad frantically yelling some stuff. I turned off my phone so I could focus on the task at hand. A friendly-looking secretary was seated at the desk in front of the president's office. Seeing me, she smiled. "How can I help you, young lady," she asked.
"Hi. My name is Zoey. This is going to sound odd, but I need the president's help with a sorority initiation task."
"Oh, the president is a big supporter of our school's Greek life. I'm sure he would be happy to help. In fact, he is due to be here in just a few minutes. Just yesterday, we had a girl who needed to take a silly selfie with him. Or last week, two other girls needed to record him saying their sorority's motto. He loves these little fun tasks you girls do. What do you need him to do?" Hearing that was a great relief to me. I was nervous that he would want nothing to do with my task.
"I need him to let me be fully naked in his office for ten minutes. He doesn't need to be in there with me, but I won't forbid it either," I explained.
The secretary looked at me in silence. Finally, responding, "The girl who worked this job before me warned of sluts like you. You people may have gotten her fired with your dirty bodies, but that won't happen with me. You get the fuck out of here and don't ever come back." I was taken aback by the shift in her demeanor.
"But I can't leave with doing this. Otherwise, I won't be DTF. It's been my dream to be DTF. At least since I got their flier one month ago."
"I don't give a shit if you need to do this to save your dying mother's life. I won't have you acting like a slut around the president. Leave, or I will drag you out."
It was then that the president entered the room from the same door I came in. "The alumni will be here in a few minutes. Is everything ready for them," he asked his secretary, not giving me any notice.
"Mr. President, I...," I tried to say before getting interrupted.
"Yes, sir. We are fully ready for them," the secretary explained, standing up to address her boss.
"It better be. This group represents sixty percent of our donations last year. We can't look bad in front of them."
"Mr. President I...," again I tried to say before the secretary again spoke over me.
"Before I forget, Dr. Hull's class recording today had some issues. Apparently, a student admitted while being recorded that the professor may have impregnated her."
"God damn it. Why is it every time we record a lecture to share it with the world, the presenting professor is revealed to be impregnating students?"
"MR PRESIDENT I NEED TO BE NAKED IN YOUR OFFICE!" I yelled, tired of being ignored.
The president finally looked at me while the secretary was boiling red in her face. "Who the hell are you, and in what twisted reality do you think I would ever let be in any state of undress in my office?" Before I could respond, the secretary spoke up and tried pushing me out of the office.
"She's a misguided student that I was just kicking out of the office." After pushing me a few feet, I spun and got away from her grip.
"I just need ten minutes in there. That's all. Please, sir. It's for a sorority initiation," I pleaded.
"And you need to get out of here before you embarrass all of us in front of people that make more money in an hour than you do sucking dick all year. Now leave!" He slammed his fist against the wall, startling me.
"Whose sucking dick," a man asked, coming through the door. He was dressed in expensive-looking clothes and was followed by a group of equally wealthy-looking people, almost entirely men.
"Nobody is. You must have misheard me. I was just saying goodbye to this fine student of ours. Bye now, miss," the president said in a shaky voice. Looking over the group that came in, none of the men looked familiar. I must have fuck a different group of wealthy alumni in the locker room, I thought.
But I knew I couldn't give up and stood my ground defiantly. "I'm not leaving, Mr. President, until you give me what I want. I've worked too hard to give up now."
"And what is it that you want," another alumnus asked me directly.
"She's just having a small issue with a class that I am helping her address. But it can wait until tomorrow. I promise I will get it corrected for you. But for now, I need you to leave, miss," the president spoke up before I could explain my need to have my pussy out in his office.
I looked the president in the eyes, and he gave me a stern look back. I smiled and knew what I had to do. "Actually, you're forgetting the real reason I'm here. You told me you wanted me to strip naked for the alumni, remember?" I pulled my shirt off and threw it to the side.
The president's eyes grew large as he realized what I was doing. "I said no such thing! Put your clothes back on!"
"I promised you I would do this, Mr. President and a girl always keeps her promise," I said, pulling my pants down. "I'm not stopping until all of these nice people see every inch of my nude body."
"Yes...," one of the men said, making a fist.
"Shut the fuck up, Rick," the president said to him. "Listen, if you stop stripping and come back tomorrow, we can work this out. But please, this isn't the time."
"Not the time for what? Tits?" I declared as my bra fell to the floor. It was very easy stripping in front of these men after having gotten naked and more for so many other people today. The events of today were going to impact my views on sex for many years to come, I think. "All you have to do, Mr. President, is give me what I want. That's all. Otherwise, the panties come off," I said as I held on to them.
"Don't give her what she wants!" Rick yelled.
"I'm running a university here! I won't be bullied by sluts into getting their ways," he said, frustrated.
"Pussy time!" I declared, showing another set of men my most intimate of areas.
"It's shit like this why I push for including a morality test as part of our admissions. But yes, you now have shown off your fully naked body to wealthy men. Congrats on achieving what every stripper strives for. You still haven't gotten your way," the president told me.
"Oh no! The most a woman can do is show off her naked body. There isn't anything else she can offer beyond that!" I cried sarcastically. I walked over to the secretary's desk and pushed off all of the papers that were on top of it, clearing a space. I climbed on top of it, and then, facing the men, I spread my legs.
"Oh god, no. Please don't do what I think you are going to do. It takes so long to get the pussy juice smell off of that desk," the secretary complained.
Using four fingers, I started fingering my pussy vigorously in full view of the men. "God, I just love pleasuring myself for older rich men. I can do this all day or until a certain high-ranking university official gives me what I want," I moaned.
"Jesus Christ, call security already," the president commanded to his secretary.
"I wouldn't recommend that, sir. Remember the last time we called security to remove a masturbating woman? We still haven't cleaned off all the cum stains," she replied.
"God damn it, the president exclaimed, conceding her point.
My pussy was a fountain of juices as I was making short work of myself. Every orgasm I've had today seems to make the next one arrive that much easier, and I was still a bit shaky from what those old men did to me. "Holy crap, look at her legs spasm. She is really going to town on her pussy," one of the men remarked while leaning in for a close look.
"And how red her face is. She's not going to last another minute before she cums," another commented. These men knew how to evaluate a masturbating college girl, and twenty seconds later, my back arched as an electric current shot pleasure through my spine. I fell backward onto the desk and writhed in pleasure.
"Congrat again slut. You came on my secretary's desk in front of these men and still don't have what you wanted. Now get out before I call a group of men to remove you that won't end up fucking you. Whoever that might be," the president commanded. It was starting to feel like he was going to get his way. In the past, masturbating seemed to solve all of my problems, but that wasn't the case here. I started to give up on all my hopes and dreams.
"Give her what she wants," a commanding voice said from the group of alumni.
I sat up. That voice was female and also familiar. The men parted, and I
saw that it was the mother of the visiting high school student I kept running into. "Mrs. Tipps. I thought you were touring the campus with your son and wouldn't be able to join us," the president said. The presence of this woman seemed to make him very uncomfortable and nervous.
"He made some friends with women he met while swimming. Something about a Dennys. I don't know. But I am here now and would like to give this poor woman what she wants," she said coldly.
"Mrs. Tipps, this young girl is a bad apple and not representative of our typical female student. Don't let her poor behavior here impact your belief in this school," the president said, trying to smooth talk the woman.
"What will impact my behavior, specifically my tendency to donate eight figures to this school annually, will be if the next line out of your mouth is not confirming that you will allow this woman to do what she needs to complete her DTF initiation task. Or did you forget that I'm proudly DTF also?"
Looking pale, the president took a deep breath. "Miss. You are free to spend the time in whatever state you need to be in my office. I apologize for the difficulty," he meekly informed me. What a fucking asshole.
"And to my fellow DTF sister. I would like to point out that I'm staying in the hotel on campus in room 405 and expect to be in the room by myself from 8pm onwards. You can do what you wish with that information," she said, smiling sexily at me. I realized at that moment I was totally ready to have lesbian sex with a middle-aged woman. At least this one.
"With that diversion out of the way, let me escort you all to your next event," the president said, ushering them out of the office.
"Wait, we don't get to fuck that hot naked college girl," Rick said, looking back at me with sadness.
"I'll tell you the same thing I said when you asked that while touring the art department. If you'll just be patient, we have the cheerleading squad waiting for you all at 5pm." The door closed, and everyone was gone, including the secretary.
I entered the office, still fuming about how much of a jerk the president was to me. Was I being naked in his office all that big of a deal? I could have been halfway done with my ten minutes had he just let me in immediately. It's not like I can cause any harm in here, anyhow. But no, he had to make it a big fucking deal and make me resort to showing even more people how hot I look masturbating.
I walked around his office, poking and prodding his stuff, when a notification popped up on his computer. It was a five-minute reminder for 'Video call with...' but was cut off before showing the rest of the meeting title. That gave me a great idea. I'll bet this is an important meeting with a state senator or some big charity event. Wouldn't it be a shame if someone besides the president were to connect in and embarrass him for a change?
I came up with a plan to accomplish just that. The first thing I needed was a man. I headed outside the office and into the hallway, not caring that I was fully naked. The hallway was mostly empty, but I spotted a student who fit the physical build I needed. "Hey, you. Want to get laid," I called out to him. He nodded and walked up to me, asking no additional follow-up questions about why I was naked or offering sex to a stranger. The perfect man, in other words.
I brought him into the president's office. "Listen. I am going to join a video call where I need you to pretend to be the University president. The camera will only show your lower half, and I don't need you to say anything. All I need you to do is fuck me. Can you do that?"
"Yeah, I can do that. Am I going to get in trouble with the president for doing this," he asked while starting to undress.
"For what? Pretending to be him on a live feed while fucking a student? I doubt it. You know he willingly takes silly selfies with students," I said, convincing him.
While he finished getting naked, I got everything situated. I pointed the camera where it was just capturing me and his lower half. I muted the speakers and covered the monitor right before joining the meeting. We wouldn't be able to hear or see the other people in the meeting. I didn't want us to get distracted from our true purpose. I bent over and started showing off my acting chops, in addition to my naked body. "Oh, Mr. University President. I hope it's okay I accidentally pressed something on your computer. I think it's fine. But let's get back to what we were just discussing. You are telling me in order for me to keep myself from getting expelled, I need to have unprotected sex with you? Okay. If you say so," I declared out loud.
My acting partner, picking up on his cue, then brought his dick into the frame and inserted it into my pussy. "Oh my. You have such a small penis. It's no wonder you have to blackmail young virgin students like me for sex. Also, I guess I just lost my virginity!" I said in the voice of my character.
The guy fucking me whispered to me. "I do not have a small penis!"
I turned to him, facing away from the camera. "I'm just acting. Also, it's nothing to write home about," I whispered back.
"You're saying that I have to allow you to cum inside my fertile and unprotected womb too? I have to get impregnated by the school president and bear his child? Oh no, what a cruel thing to do!"
Again the guy fucking me, whose name I was clueless about, whispered to me. "You're not actually unprotected, right?"
Again, I turned and whispered back. "Of course not. I'm not going to get pregnant from you cumming in me." I'm not going to get pregnant, I'm not going to get pregnant, I'm not going to get pregnant, I repeated in my head.
The guy's pace quickened, and I knew what was coming. Heh, that's funny. I felt the familiar feeling of a warm liquid being deposited into my pussy. "Oh, Mr. President, I can feel your cum filling me up! There's no way I'm not totally getting knocked up. How cruel to do this to a virtuous student at your school who did nothing wrong!" I slyly reached over the keyboard and pressed the hotkey to end the call. I turned on the monitor and confirmed the call had ended.
"Nice job, and thanks for doing this," I said, turning to the man.
"It was my pleasure," he said, shaking my hand. He got dressed and went on his way. We didn't even bother learning each other's names. The ten-minute requirement for my sorority initiation task had passed over five minutes ago. I got dressed and was prepared to leave. However, my curiosity wouldn't let me leave without first checking what that meeting was. I opened up his calendar and checked the full name of the meeting I had streamed myself getting cream-pied. 'Video call with mother.' That... might prove to have a different effect on the president's life than I intended. But that was something I wouldn't worry about right now.
I left the office and skipped back to the dorm. I had fully finished all of my sorority tasks and soon would be able to call myself proudly DTF.
The next night was the meeting at the sorority house, where we would be confirmed as new sisters of DTF. My morning was filled with frantic emails from the school president and me recovering the sore tongue I got from the previous night's... DTF alumni bonding.
The principal's emails started off angry, demanding to know what I did. However, over time, the emails calmed down in their tone till, eventually, he invited me to dinner with his mother, who wanted to meet the future mother of her grandchildren. I haven't yet figured out how to respond to that mess.
What I was excited about was the sorority meeting. I had completed my initiation task and arrived at the meeting glowing with joy. I joined the same group of three female pledges I hung out with before when the tasks were first announced. "How did your boyfriends react to you guys fucking four other dudes barebacked," the blond girl as the other two.
"It actually worked out really well. A group of five of us with boyfriends basically passed them around till we had each slept with five guys. Our boyfriend certainly didn't mind us getting fucked by other dudes when they were also fucking other chicks," the black girl explained.
"I'm still pissed at you though. You only needed him to cum inside you once. Not the seven times you guys ended up doing it over the past week," the redhead complained.
"God, you girls had it easy. I didn't have a boyfriend I could use. I just went to the neighboring frat one night, threw my panties away, and declared open season on my pussy. I may have... exceeded the goal by a couple of dozen men."
"Aren't you girls concerned all that cum will get you pregnant," I asked them.
The three of them looked at me, confused. "No. That's what the birth control is for," one of them replied.
In a hushed tone, I got in close to the three girls. "Are you crazy? They specifically said birth control wasn't allowed. If they find out, you will be expelled from the sorority!"
"What the fuck are you talking about. They very clearly said that birth control is a requirement. You think they wanted us to go out and risk getting pregnant with all that sex," the redhead explained. Maybe I really didn't pay attention when they explained that. I think I was distracted thinking about a blow job video I had watched on my phone on the way over here at the time.
"Every year, having five guys cum in you has been the primary initiation task the girls take on. If they weren't allowed to be on birth control, you would see the sorority filled with pregnant girls and girls with babies. But you don't see that, do you?" The blond explained to me pretty harshly.
"Are you saying you let five guys cum inside you while not on birth control?" She asked.
"What? No! I didn't do that task. I chose the path where I went to those four places naked,"
I said, defending myself.
"Holy shit, really? You exposed yourself to all those people? I could never do that," the black girl said as the other nodded.
"Well, I did, and I didn't have to have sex with five random guys either."
"So you're telling me in all those situations where you were naked, you never got sexual with anyone," the redhead asked.
"I mean. Yeah, of course I did. I'm only human."
"And did you let anyone cum inside you even though you weren't on birth control," the blond questioned.
"I mean, sure, maybe once or so. There's no risk there, right? Just my professor. And that cute boy in my dorm. And that other cute boy in my dorm. Oh, and then my lab partner. Followed by those four boys in the dorm room. But that's it. Except for that guy in the pool. And that group of old guys in the locker room, but only four of them came in me. I didn't know his name but one guy came in me in the president's office. But that's all." I didn't bother mentioning that alumni mother as she didn't inseminate me. Although her son did...
The three girls looked at me concerned. Then it hit me. "Oh fuck, I'm fucked."