"You don't have to do anything you are uncomfortable with."
"Then why do I feel like if I don't do it, it's a problem?"
"It isn't a problem, it's an opportunity. What I am saying is that life is about choices."
Suzanne paused for a moment and looked at me, a little twinkle in her eye, before resuming her work and continuing.
"Did I have to go into business for myself? No, I could have worked for a larger company. Do I have to offer packages other than standard wedding and portrait? Do I have to go out of my way to make my client feel comfortable? It's all choices. You absolutely don't have to do anything that you are uncomfortable with. But, let me tell you, I think it would be a mistake for you not to push just a little bit out of your comfort zone sometimes. First, you may find that you enjoy it. Second, there are fantastic opportunities... monetarily and socially... to be had. Personally, I don't want to shut myself out of the world and out of the chance to make more money."
"I guess I see your point."
I (my name is Andrew) had been working for Suzanne for about 9 months. She was a photographer, I was her assistant. We met when she was my adjunct professor at school. I was a fine arts major with a concentration in photography and she liked teaching her skills to young students for little monetary compensation. After her in-class mentorship she offered me a job and what started as a summer gig turned into a regularly scheduled part-time position. The vast majority of what I did for her was administrative: answering phones, paying bills, keeping the studio clean, etc. But, as a true assistant, I also looked out for my boss. I admit I got pretty good noticing outliers that could ruin a shot; random debris, lint or stray hairs. I was always close by to make sure the end result came out perfectly. And, even when there was something I missed, there was always Photoshop to touch things up.
I knew that Suzanne had a steady stream of business for boudoir and glamour photos. I mean, it wasn't like she was hiding it from me. I was the one who answered the calls and booked the appointments and, if needed, did the skin smoothing and touch-up work on the computer afterwards. When the previous conversation happened, I had literally just learned that her services extended even further into the "adult" spectrum.
She told me that she had a client couple booked. It was a repeat customer who contacted her directly which is why I hadn't already known. This client had previously done... and was now looking to do again... a full, hardcore photo session. It was to be stylized and storyboarded. It was to be intimate and graphic at the same time.
The concern? Suzanne told me that to be in the room during the shoot I would also have to be nude. The clients were nude. She was nude. Everyone was nude.
"It's something I started doing a few years ago at the request of one of the clients. It worked out so well that I have just made it standard. Unless I am specifically asked otherwise, I try to have a male assistant for these shoots. That way there is a gender balance." She was so calm in her explanation. It didn't stop me from sweating.
"It's isn't like I am a model."
"Neither are they, neither am I. This isn't a pro shoot and this isn't meant to be sexual for us. The reality is that our exposure is to make the situation less intense for them. When you are the only one naked you feel exposed. When everyone is naked it feels normal. The odds of their shoot going well are exponentially higher when they feel comfortable. When they are comfortable that is when their sexuality can really come out."
"I guess that makes sense."
"Just think about it, okay? But think fast because I need an answer by tonight. I have a backup I can ask but, if I am being honest, you are better in the studio and that is what really counts."
I was nervous. I had agreed to nothing yet I could feel my face draining of color.
"What if I get an erection?"
"I suspect you will," she responded in the same calm demeanor, "and then it will go away. And, if it comes back, no problem. If you do this, I think you are going to find that the reality of any of the nudity floats into the background pretty quickly."
She left the room and I had a decision to make.
Of course I said yes. I am a guy after all, a decent looking, decently fit, healthy 21-year-old with the opportunity to see nude women. One of which was my boss, a woman of 46 who may as well have been 30. A woman I had had more than a single fantasy about. The answer was always going to be yes, no matter how nervous I was.
---------------------------------
It was only 3 days later the actual event occurred. Suzanne had informed me she had known about it for a while but decided not to give me a lot of time to overthink things. It was a Saturday and had otherwise been pretty busy. It was early fall and there had been 6 senior photo sessions in the studio that day as well as multiple wedding consultations. The day had flown by without my having even noticed. I was reminded of the appointment when she instructed me to set the room temperature to exactly 78 degrees and light a couple of candles. She also handed me a robe.
"Another one of the choices you can make. You don't have to wear this now but, I like to as it helps the underwear, sock and bra marks on my skin go away. While we aren't going to be in the pictures it makes me feel more comfortable to know my skin isn't blemished like that." It was still hours before the shoot but, as with everything leading up to this moment, her explanation made nothing but sense.
Seeing Suzanne in her robe was a bit of a revelation. I had never been able to make out much of her body as she always wore the stereotypical loose, linen "artists" clothing one would stereotype a West Coast painter. Of course I knew she was a woman. Her breasts would still bounce when she walked and the sway of her hips was enough to spark day-dreams, but anything more specific was a bit of a mystery.
Mystery no more.
With the thin cotton robe pulled loosely around her waist, I was treated to an hourglass figure of Page3 model proportions. Her breasts were obviously large and full, her ass round and curvy, she was sexy as hell and I had to sit down immediately to hide a rising erection. A muted grin on her face indicated to me that she knew my predicament and I immediately turned bright red.
For the next 3 hours we finished up work in the studio and I began to regret my decision to participate as I could barely concentrate. Any movement Suzanne made was a distraction and any glance at her was a turn-on. Her nipples were like erasers pressed against the front of her robe. The thin cotton cloth hung to the contours of her ass as she bent over a storyboard displayed on a large presentation table. Even her calves had the most perfect curve I could imagine. I was thrilled when her phone rang and she informed the clients she would meet them at the door to let them in. At least she would be out of my line of sight for a minute, maybe I could calm down.
"Show time," she said with a wink and, surprisingly, put her hand on my shoulder as she walked by. "Take a deep breath, Andy. It's going to be fine."
---------------------------
The clients were Tim and Katie, a married couple in their early 50's who, as I later found out as I archived their shots into their client file on our company server, lived a solid 6 counties away.
"Clients tend to take these shots away from the communities they live in," Suzanne explained when I exclaimed the distance of their address. "Unfortunately, we live in a pretty repressed society when it comes to things like this."
She had been right, Suzanne that is, in telling me days prior that the clients were not models. This is not to say they were not attractive, they both were, it was more a statement that they were not the commercial version of sex, just a real-life one.
We all introduced ourselves and Katie commented that I seemed nervous. "You needn't be," she continued with a hug. "We can't tell you enough how much we appreciate your working with us to make this happen."
Suzanne handed each the same cotton robe we were each wearing and instructed them to get their clothes off. Even though each was wearing loose items as it was, I had already been clued into stubborn elastic marks. Interestingly, though they were about to have sex in front of us, they went to change in a back room. In the meantime, Suzanne poured 4 tumblers of straight vodka and handed me one.
"To be honest, I would much prefer red wine," she said as she winced a sip of her drink down, "but nobody needs purple teeth when you are trying to capture sexiness. Plus, it will help take a bit of the edge off. It's okay to be nervous. It's not okay to be bad at our jobs."
When Tim and Katie came back she re-explained the order of the shoot, something I think she did just as much for my benefit as for theirs.
"Just like last time. We will progress in our pictures the same way we would in our story. You said you wanted to do a prison theme so, Katie, you'll be the cop. Tim, bad boy as always, you're the prisoner."
"Yup, that's me," Tim said with a chuckle, "a menace to society."
We all finished off our drinks and detailed the logistics before Suzanne called everyone into action. Standing up, she undid the waist tie of her robe, pulled it off and draped it on the back of her chair.
"Okay, let's have some fun!"
It's possible I went blind for a fraction of a second as my heartbeat rocketed into its highest aerobic zone. While my fantasies in the preparation for the moment dictated that I would sit and objectify my bosses casual nudity, my brain kicked into professional gear. Her comment on it not being okay to be bad at our jobs really hit home and I wanted to prove myself.
To script, the shoot went flawlessly and, if I can pat myself on the back, I was fantastic as an assistant.
I helped each of the models put on and adjust their costumes.
I assisted in shifting their bodies and limbs when Suzanne's verbal direction was not quite enough.
I brushed Katie's long hair to the side away from the camera.
I dabbed sweat off of Tim's forehead and belly.
I powdered the crack of Katie's ass, while Tim was penetrating her pussy, to reduce the glare of light and improve the shot.
Admittedly, I felt myself grow aroused more than once but, in each circumstance, it went away not too long after it began as there was just so much to do. Plus, as neither Suzanne or Katie seemed to care, I tried not to either.
Water bottles were distributed during a break.
Lights, props and cables were moved as needed.
At one point I even got on a ladder with Suzanne and, holding tightly onto her, used my weight as a counterbalance, allowing her to stretch over the models and obtain a birds-eye view she would not have been able to on her own. While the direct physical contact of our skin caused an immediate physical reaction within me, she only replied only with a wink, a smile and a compliment on a job well done.
Finally, I handed damp wash clothes and their robes back to our models after their final climax. Each of them, sprawled out on the bed in an orgasmic fog only briefly acknowledged my presence before breaking into tired laughter at the joy of their situation, cuddling and kissing as if we were not in the room.
Soon enough, we weren't.
Seeing their post-coital bliss, Suzanne had quietly grabbed my hand and pulled me with her into an annex kitchenette between the office and the studio.
"Can you believe that?"
Her skin was flushed as she spun around to whisper to me, actually pulling me into a hug, our sweaty skin immediately sticking together.
"That was almost 3 hours! Granted, there was a lot of stop-and-go in between scenes and shots but, damn, that was hot! I have to give Tim credit for lasting that long. Heck, even I am sweaty and practically worn out!"
I felt a look of confusion drift into a smile on my face.
"Yeah," Suzanne said, acknowledging my grin, "probably not something you have to worry about yet."
There was a break of silence for a minute as she released me and set out a sigh into the ceiling.
"Oh, and by the way," she continued, "you're hired. You were seriously fantastic in there as an assistant."
I felt myself flush. "Uhm, thanks. I was trying."
"It showed! I have only had a couple of sessions go over one hour before and that was basically only because the guy wasn't staying hard. You made everything so seamless, it was like you were thinking exactly what I was thinking and made sure those two didn't feel like they were part of a production."
Both of us were still nude. Neither of us had thought to grab our robes as we rushed out of the studio and neither of us would have needed one either as it had physically gotten so hot in the room. As it was obvious that she was still lost in thought, I took a moment to size up my boss and liked what I saw: large, full breasts; round, tan areola with a perfectly centered eraser nipple; curvy, feminine hips; a groomed, dark brown patch of pubic hair crowning her simple, tucked away pussy lips. Everything about her was soft and inviting.
I overestimated how discrete I was with my gaze and Suzanne caught me looking. Though, instead of ignoring it or chastising me, my voyeurism was greeted with a legitimate laugh.
"Oh, my God, Andy. For Christ's sake, it's okay to look!"
After mocking a few "model-like" poses while facing me, Suzanne put her arms in the air and slowly turned, my eyes darting about, frantically trying to take in every inch of her lucious, sensual body.
Big mistake.
For the hundredth time of the night, I felt myself start to get aroused and, thankfully, we were called back to duty.
Katie had called us back to the studio and Suzanne immediately snapped to attention and walked by me. I took a minute to compose myself and joined her and walked almost directly into a full body, nude hug from Katie.
"Thank you," she said loudly and excitedly, "Tim and I had a wonderful time and are sure that the pictures will reflect that. This is not to say our first experience was bad as we never would have come back if it had been, but this was perfect."
"No hug from me, buddy," Tim addressed me with an outstretched hand after Katie had let me go and stepped away, "but she's right. We really appreciate you. Both of you."
"He's a keeper," Suzanne responded as she stepped to my side and wrapped an arm around my waist, "why don't we all get cleaned up and dressed? Andrew and I have a lot of work to do to get those pics back to you as quickly as possible. So, you two use the bathroom first and we will get things cleaned up out here."
It was surreal to me. Everything was so business-like yet we were all nude. Of course Suzanne had already told me that the nudity gets normalized when everyone is naked. But, when you have never experienced anything like it you just can't imagine. I knew that there were people out there that did not have standard American hangups about nudity, heck even my parents had told me they had been to a nude beach, but it was still not normal for me. Plus, two people were literally just having sex in front of me and now were exchanging pleasantries as if they came over for afternoon tea. Again, surreal.
I was handed my robe and a pair of rubber gloves and was instructed to strip the set down for everything to be washed and cleaned. I was also pleasantly surprised when Suzanne said that a professional cleaning crew would be coming in to sanitize everything that was not machine washable, something I assumed was my job and something I was very much not looking forward to.
For her part, Suzanne put her robe back on, grabbed her camera and immediately downloaded the memory card to our main studio computer. It had become a pretty standard routine: she does an initial download, cursory scan and selection of images and then I went through with Photoshop to clean up the "keepers."
Katie and Tim had left and, while it was late, both of us were still a bit wired from the high of the session so we decided to keep at it for a little while. No sense in losing momentum. Suzanne had selected a couple handfuls of shots and asked me to run some preliminary processing on them while she took a shower. Settled into the office chair, I got to work.
It was obviously not normal work.
Normal work involved smoothing over pimples and wrinkles and bags under the eyes. It did not involve cropping, lighting balance and color correction on hard core pornography. At least my normal work previously had not. Then again, was this even considered porn? I mean it wasn't going to be sold or used to titillate others, just something special for a couple. That philosophical thought kept my erection tempered, but certainly not at bay.
I had a system in place that I used pretty regularly that worked for me and I found that once I was a couple of minutes into each picture I would zone out into the technical aspect of it and be able to focus on the task at hand. But, true to the non-standard pics, that evening saw the first few minutes involving sucking the drool back into my mouth, shifting in my seat to make my erection more comfortable and avoiding the urge to satisfy my urge to cum.
Not normal work.
I wasn't paying attention to my surroundings when I felt something damp brush up against my ear and top of my shoulder.
"Wow! That is a seriously sexy image."
Suzanne was leaning over my shoulder, getting a closer look at my work on the high def monitor. Reviewing my work was standard operating procedure. The scent of her being freshly showered and the evening we had just shared was, again, far from standard.
"Uhm, yeah," I croaked, my mouth and throat dry, "you got a few really good ones. I think they will be happy."
"Oh, I think so. Honestly, they made it easy. They were absolutely magnetic. It could be that they were a bit more nervous the first time but I am not so sure. I think our teamwork was key. Speaking of which, you need to keep me in the loop as to how you go about your computer work and I need to give you more time behind the camera."
It was something that I was hoping for, more time behind the camera, that is. I knew I had a good eye for framing a shot, I just needed more experience to get my speed in between each frame down. In school it wasn't an issue to take 45-60 seconds in between shots to make sure the camera settings were perfect, in the real world that was too long, especially for a session as "delicate" as what we had just completed.
I spun my chair around and felt my jaw drop, the exact same expression that came to Suzanne's face.
She was drying her hair and, although not nude, her thin cotton robe was not pulled tight or pulled together at all. Her breasts swayed with her movement and her skin looked visibly soft and fresh. It was the exact opposite of the porn I just had been editing and it was somehow even hotter.
Suzanne's mouth turned into a grin and I caught the focus of her gaze, my cock, standing tall and proud, also completely uncovered by my robe.
"Oh, shit, I'm sorry!" I fumbled with the thin cotton cloth robe and managed to stretch the fabric enough to cover myself but was still left with a comically tented lap.
"Andy..."
"Crap! Just give me a second, I am so sorry."
"Andy..."
I looked up and was greeted by her kind smile.
"It's okay. I'm not offended and neither should you be. Considering all the stimulation it would probably be more odd if you didn't react this way."
"Thanks. I still feel kinda' awkward though, ya' know?"
"I do. I felt the same way my first session. I have always been a bit of a free spirit when it came to nudity but, c'mon! This is sooooo different! I mean, people are having sex and it is a major turn on! After a little while it all turns to white noise though. That's probably what worries me even more. Like, am I going to break myself by normalizing all of this?"
I found myself smiling at Suzanne opening up like this. It wasn't like she was a strict boss, but we had never had any sort of heart-to-heart before.
"Anyhow," she continued, "if you want, why don't you go hop in the shower. I am actually going to order some Chinese. I can order some extra if you want it, otherwise I guess we will call it a night and we can get back to work tomorrow. My only suggestion is that you wear some loose pants when you come back, we are going to have to get right into editing."
I blushed as I accepted the offer of dinner and retreated to rinse off.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Suzanne had a drink in hand waiting for me as I got out of the shower. She had apparently decided against drawing up her robe and the effect was her may as well being nude as only her arms and shoulders were actually covered; her soft, overtly feminine body on full display.
"Food will be here in a minute," she informed me casually, "which is good because I am starving."
It was a common phrase from her as Suzanne always seemed to be starving. Though I admit I was thrilled to hear the buzzer ring for our delivery for a couple of different reasons. First, truth be told, I was really hungry myself. Second, my erection still had not gone down. Indeed, the shower only seemed to have made it worse. I was hoping that I could figure out something to do with it or somehow will it out of existence but I knew it was futile in the amount of time it would take to get to the front door and back. Instead, I did the only thing I could think of.
I hid.
I didn't totally hide myself, I just hid my problem, positioning myself so I was casually standing behind a small island that we often set food up on. Hunched over, my legs spread wide, my elbows on the table, I figured Suzanne wouldn't be able to see my rigid dick, only how much of an idiot I looked like posed that way. As she walked back into the room, other than a confused look on her face that turned into a smirk, she said nothing.
Instead we ate.
And drank.
We didn't get drunk, but we certainly got buzzed. The mood was jovial.
It was the wee hours of the night when we found ourselves on a bit of furniture in the studio. Any pretense of covering up had long been lost. Each of us instead just sat on our robes so our skin would not stick to the vinyl of the prop couch. We had spent the evening getting to know each other, first by simply talking about our lives and pasts, secondly by getting a clear view of practically every inch of one another's bodies.
She learned that I had broken up with my 1st long-term girlfriend just before I started working with her and had only been on a few dates since then.
I learned that she had been engaged but never married.
She learned that I had two younger siblings still living with my parents.
I learned that I was developing a significant fetish for sexy older women.
It was completely off topic of our conversation when she went full force blunt and head on: "Okay, I'm not your boss anymore when I ask this but I have to know: Do you normally stay hard this long?!"
I had been hard on-and-off for a few hours at that point. It seemed that every time my erection would begin to subside, something happened that brought me right back to attention. Suzanne would brush up against me, she would absentmindedly flash her pussy, hell, even if she just smiled at me.
"Not normally, no. But, this hasn't exactly been a normal night."
She herself was actually blushing as she very clearly focussed her eyes on my cock. If you had asked me how I would have expected to have reacted in such a situation I would have surmised that I would have lost my erection as my heart rate skyrocketed and my blood flow diverted. Instead my dick perked up ever so slightly more.
"I get that," she responded, "but it wasn't even down after your shower. Don't you have a refractory period?"
"Refractory from what?!"
A look of amazement spread over Suzanne's face. "Oh, my God! Andy! You have got to be about damn ready to burst! You didn't get yourself off in the shower?"
"No! Why would you think that I would have?!"
She was so calm in what she said next, it took me off guard. "Honey, these are not times to be modest. This type of over-stimulation can drive a person nuts. You have to release that pent up frustration. Lord knows I do. Every time."
"Seriously?"
"Yes, seriously."
I didn't say anything but my response was clear. Suzanne got up and sat on the edge of the couch next to me and put her hand on my leg.
"I'm sorry I embarrassed you. I do hope you forgive me for that. Look, it's late and we have to work tomorrow. Why don't you just spend the night here?"
She stood up and, for the first time in a while, pulled her robe on and wrapped herself up in it before leaning down and giving me a kiss on the forehead and offering a helping hand off the couch. The night just ended in the most anti-climactic way possible.
---------------------------------------------------------------
The next few months flew by in a somewhat uneventful manner. True, I did graduate from college and begin working as a full-fledged employee of Suzanne (her first ever). Sure, it was basically the same as it was previously regarding part time hourly pay. But, I was also able to book my own work under the banner of her studio and had started developing an actual portfolio of my own. We still did a majority of portrait-type work; lots of weddings, lots of families, lots of graduates.
The adult business also picked up.
We were now averaging a "couples" or otherwise non-standard shoot approximately once every 3 weeks. Suzanne and I joked that we would have to stop referring to it as our "non-standard" business as it did consume so much of our time and was also, due to the delicate nature of the sessions, significantly more profitable. While there was a decent amount of repeat business I was admittedly surprised at just how many couples were out there looking for this type of service.
As it had been for the first session, we were always nude. At the end of summer we were sporting tan-lines. At the end of winter we were pasty white and in need of some color. Over time, our bodies displayed various states of grooming for each of us, different hair color highlights for Suzanne, the addition of an inner-arm tattoo for me. While there were a number of occasions that we worked late hours and as we became more comfortable with one another we were less conscious of our physical contact (for instance Suzanne would regularly lean on my back should while looking at my work, her nude breasts resting against my skin) there was nothing outside of a platonic relationship. We didn't kiss, we didn't profess love or lust for each other, nothing. Friendly flirting was about as risque as we got.
I never could get myself to jerk off in the shower on the nights that I did wash up in the studio but, as prophecy would have it, I did start to become accustomed to the nudity and the erections were less of an issue. They did still occur, of course. Suzanne and I joked about how it seemed obvious that some couples took it as a challenge to get me aroused. She sympathized in my plight of how undeniably visual it was when I was horny while she had the ability to keep her own excitement a bit more hidden.
--------------------------------------------------------------
It was a normal office day, lots of computer work, phone calls and studio cleanup. The only thing different was that the picture I was editing, a female client fellating her partner's cock, was part of a set of pictures that I had taken myself.
"Nice framing," Suzanne commented over my shoulder. "I knew you would be a natural at it."
She had asked me to run lead on our most recent shoot. It was a repeat customer and she had actually made the suggestion to the customer to try me as the main photographer. They accepted and I was thrilled.
"If you are okay with it, I think it might be nice to offer our customers the choice of either of us as the photographer. I bet it would increase our repeat business. We can work out a payment deal for when you are the lead as well. Thoughts?"
Of course I was excited but I was also a little bit confused. Suzanne was literally offering me her business. While I understood she made a good living, it wasn't as if she was super wealthy. My taking any larger percentage would most certainly cut into her income. I told her as much about my excitement and apprehension.
"Seems like a con, right? Too good to be true? Well, I have given this quite a bit of thought. First, you have a talented eye and are technically gifted with the camera and computer. Second, businesses either grow or die and I would prefer mine to grow. Third, I like you and, more importantly, the customers like you. I can't tell you just how difficult it is to find all of those things. So, as of right now you are still an employee but, in time, I would like you to become a partner in this business. That will take you saving some money as you will have to buy into everything that I have amassed over the years but it will certainly be less expensive and easier than starting from scratch on your own."
"I'm in." I blurted out my response before she even had a chance to take a breath.
She smiled. "Just like that? Not going to take a minute to think about it?"
"No need," I countered. "I love it here. I know what an amazing situation I have stepped into and agree with your vision. It's an easy decision."
We shook hands. That was it.
--------------------------------------------------------------
It was a few months later, on a hot, late summer September evening when we found ourselves finishing up another late night in the studio. Both of us had already downed a couple of Long Island Iced Tea's and were taking our time cleaning up the room.
"I was surprised when they said they wanted the A/C in the room off," I said to Suzanne as I tossed some scarves into a laundry basket, "but I have to admit, sometimes the client's vision works out. They had a natural glisten to them that didn't involve having to grease them up."
"Yeah, but now it is just so comfy in here, I don't want to do any work," she pouted in response.
As she was one of the hardest working people I knew it wasn't a normal comment to hear and it made me smile a little.
She was sprawled on the studio bed, naked as the day she was born, enjoying the gentle breeze of a fan we had set up for special effects and general comfort.
Everything about her just oozed sensuality: her natural body, her enticing curves, her fully exposed pussy lips. She looked amazing.
As quietly as I could I grabbed a camera by my hand, turned off the shutter sound effect and snapped a few shots, just putting down the camera in time for Suzanne to sit up.
"I've never been on this side of the lense before," she said, a weary but somehow sensually sexy look on her face. "Did my wreck of a hairdo break the camera?"
"Oh, come on," I replied with a scoff. "You know it's great."
I clicked a couple more photo's.
"You're sweet, Andy."
I stepped over to her and did my job, using my hands to brush away the hair from her face and position her the way I wanted to. Suzanne didn't resist in any way, instead just accepted my guidance and moved along with me.
The camera clicked again a few times, I rotated around the bed, snapping pics from any angle she looked good... which was a lot.
"I'm surprised to hear you say that," I said, trying to keep the conversation active and the mood light.
"What? That you're sweet? I tell you all the time."
"No. Not that. I'm talking about you saying that you've never had your pics taken. After all, you're beautiful."
My voice practically cracked when the last words came out of my mouth. I had to assume that Suzanne not only knew she was beautiful and knew that I thought as much, but saying it so directly and in those circumstances was more than a bit nerve wracking. We were both physically nude yet at the moment I felt emotionally bare as well.
Suzanne propped herself up on her elbows, her large, soft breasts practically flowing with her movements.
I felt my cock twitch and took a few more pics.
No words had been said when I first felt her hand touch me, her hand cupping my butt when I knelt next to her, adjusting her for another pic. It has to be said that she had touched my ass previously, always playful patts, often when we were nude, usually involved in some sort of flirtatious banter. This time it was somehow different. It was soft. It was prolonged.
While I read it as a cue and took a deep breath as to how I should proceed, any doubt that could have been in my mind was erased a moment later.
"You know," she said, her hand slowly caressing my ass cheek, "our studio sessions always have two people in them."
It wasn't true of course. We did glamour and boudoir sessions all the time. But I understood the sentiment and put the camera down to the side of us.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
What amazed me most when I first leaned in to kiss her was just how good she smelled. Though we had been moving around and sweating for some time, she smelled somehow sweet, a sugary coating over the subtle floral hints of her every-day soap.
Our lips touched and my heart raced, something she obviously noticed.
"There's no need to be nervous," she whispered. "Afterall, it's probably been a lot longer since my last time than yours."
"I just don't get it," I said in between kisses. Our hands had begun exploring one another's bodies, finger-tips dragging along skin, eliciting goose-bumps and delightful chills. "How guys aren't lining up for you. It just makes no sense."
"Oh, I won't deny I have had a number of opportunities. But it wasn't fair to them. I was focused on my business, focused on working at the school, focused on myself. Besides, none of them just quite ever felt right."
I knew what... and who... she was referring to when she said it. Whether either of us were going to admit it, things had been building up to this for some time.
I had pulled her up into a sitting position and she was in my lap, her legs wrapped around me, our hands and tongues still exploring.
"Mmmmmm," she purred, "that feels nice."
I had been kissing her neck and rubbing my hands along her back at the same time.
"What part?"
"All of it."
My hands started becoming bolder, wrapping themselves down around her butt, my fingertips brushing along her lower lips, wisps of pubic hair tickling my nerves.
She inhaled with a shudder when my fingertips made their first, obvious brush along her sex. Her sex was soft and warm, my cock throbbed with anticipation.
We continued kissing, we continued petting, I continued my gentle exploration of her pussy, her entire opening becoming slick with her wet.
"Andy," she whispered, "are you sure you want this?"
I took a moment and looked into her eyes, there was a bit of apprehension, a bit of nervousness.
"I'm not 20 anymore," she continued. "Heck, I'm not even 30."
"You're perfect," I said as I guided her back onto the bed.
She reached up and grabbed my cock with both hands, stroking it gently for a moment before pulling my slightly, directing it to her waiting cunt.
"No, not yet," I said, stopping her movement and removing her hands from me.
She had a pleading look in her eyes and I almost reconsidered my mission.
Almost.
I lay on my belly and settled my face between her legs. I could feel the heat rising off her skin and her scent was intoxicating. She gasped when I first touched her, a long, excruciatingly slow drag of my tongue across her entire opening, asshole to clit.
"Oh, God," she cried out in a shaky voice. "Are you sure?"
Yes, I was sure.
Admittedly, I was a bit excited and after a few moments of overly-enthusiastic attention, she had to ask me to slow down. But, once we found ourselves in sync, good things happened.
"Oh! Oh, God! Oh my God!"
Suzanne was loud when she climaxed, crying out in decibel levels I had never heard her reach. While her orgasm started with body squirming on the bed, it finished her clamping the soft skin of her inner thighs onto my ears and pushing at my forehead with her hands.
"No, more. Please! I can't take it."
I stopped moving my tongue and waited for her to relax, her body falling limp as it came down from its high. Visually, her body was like jello. Her large, natural breasts had been practically absorbed by her chest. There was practically no muscle tone to her body. In fact, the only things that were indicators that she was still alive were her chest, still rising and falling from the deep breaths of air she took in to calm herself, and her vulva, still contracting from the extended climax.
I grabbed the camera and clicked a couple of shots. It was actually one of the things we rarely did with our paying clients, instead allowing them to compose themselves in their post coital bliss without the distraction of the shutter.
"Oh, no!" Suzanne, whined. "Not now. I must look like a mess."
"You look incredible," I responded truthfully. "Your body is incredible. You're incredible."
Suzanne sat up and smiled at me. Sure, her hair was a bit of a mess and her breasts were just hanging heavily, but it was a look she wore well.
"Don't know about that," she responded, "but what you did to be was incredible. I forgot how amazing it feels."
"What, oral?"
"Yes. It's been a really long time."
"Well, that's no good!"
My response was intentionally overly enthusiastic and a bit cheesy and I practically dove back towards her, pushing her back down on the bed, my face burying itself back in between her legs.
"No!" She squealed in delight at my assault, wrestling with me and pushing my face away from her pussy. "Not anymore! I couldn't take that again."
"Awwwwww..." My response was playful and truthful at the same time. Sure, I wasn't going to do anything that she didn't want me to but admittedly, I had gotten a taste of her wetness and my brain was fighting its desire to taste more.
"What's going on here?"
Suzanne had noticed that, practically for the first time, my cock had lost a bit of its vigor, no longer hard and proud, a testament to my focus on her pleasure. I figured it wouldn't take much to bring it back to life and my suspicions were confirmed when I roared back to life at the warm, wet feeling of Suzanne mouth wrapping around its head.
I let out a deep exhale and Suzanne continued, the motions of her tongue flooding what seemed like my life supply of blood into my cock. Admittedly, I had never particularly enjoyed receiving head previously, I had found that my female partners (a limited participation pool to be sure) usually administered a bit too much suction for my taste. While the methodology did offer the benefit of a somewhat numbing result that allowed me to last longer during intercourse when not wearing a condom, it did, unfortunately, leave my mind focused on the fact that I really wasn't enjoying what should have been an extremely enjoyable experience.
Suzanne was different.
There was very little suction in her actions at all. Instead, her felatio involved a lot of wet, throat-y licking. The length of her tongue worked its way around the head of my swollen cock, her hands very gently massaged my shaft and balls, it was all quite incredible.
Too incredible.
"Oh, shit," I blurted, realizing that I was very quickly approaching a point of no return. "Suzanne, you gotta' stop."
I tried pushing her head off of me but she resisted, instead continuing her oral onslaught, not hesitating for a moment.
"Oh! Oooooooohhhhh!!"
I came in her mouth as she never released me from it. I pumped the entirety of many adult photoshoots worth of pent-up frustration into the back of her throat before forcing her off of me, the post orgasmic sensitivity of my dick too intense for even the most minor of contact.
"I'm so sorry," I said as I collapsed down onto the bed.
"For what?"
"That I finished, that I couldn't hold it."
"There is no reason to feel sorry for letting me make you feel good, Andy."
"Yeah, but, we didn't... you know..."
Suzanne leaned over me and pulled my face to hers, smiling and kissing me.
"No reason to be in a rush," she whispered. "You hungry?"
She left me on the bed and sauntered over to the designated food island, her hips swaying enticingly. Was it just me or was it even more attractive now than it had been since I met her?
The thought popped into my mind how different her words caused the situation to be from every other sexual interaction I had previously had. In each of those experiences the focus, for both myself and my partner, had been on finishing, on the high of climax. With her single comment she convinced me that the high was in the total experience, not just a single moment.
I grabbed the camera and snapped a couple of pics of her absentmindedly eating a piece of pizza we had left over from earlier in the evening.
"Still at it?"
I could tell she didn't actually mind my taking the photos and I took a couple more, taking in the mugging faces and staged poses she offered to me, acknowledging her willing participation.
"No reason to stop now," I offered in response to her comment. "Afterall, it's not like I am in a rush."
I put the camera down and walked to her, wrapping my arms around her from behind, each hand holding a heavy breast, before planting a few soft kisses on her neck.
"Hey, mister," she giggled, tickled by my touch, "back off, I need a breather."
"I can't help it. I just want to eat you up."
"Here," she said, shoving a piece of pizza into my mouth, "let this keep you occupied for a bit."
We spent some time, once again, as friends and coworkers, cleaning up the studio a bit but more just enjoying one another's company. As we talked and laughed and moved around the studio there were few opportunities for physical contact that were left alone. We pawed at each other playfully, we caressed on another lovingly, we kissed each other passionately, we held each other comfortingly. We found ourselves in just about every area of the studio, in the office, in the bathroom shower, washing the sex and sweat off of each other, both confident that the night was not yet done.
----------------------------------------------------------
It was the middle hours of the night when we found ourselves back on the bed, finally slowing down from a full day of work and play. Suzanne's hair was damp from the shower and I was once again clicking away photos on the camera.
"How on earth did I never think of this before," I said as I spread her legs open wide, focusing the lens on her exposed sex, "if I use you as a staging model, I can confirm the feasibility of shots before hand, making the studio sessions that much more efficient."
She laughed.
"I don't know if efficiency is what you are looking for in these types of shoots. I think the organic nature of documenting things as they happen, with just a bit of hand holding and guidance, is the formula for success. Trying to dictate perfection is a recipe for an inauthentic experience."
I put the camera down, replacing it in between her legs with my face. I wiggled my tongue in between her lips and found her clit, eliciting a little moan of pleasure.
"Or," I said as I settled into position, "maybe I just want to see you naked."
She laughed again.
"Oh, you're good."
-------------------------------------------------------------
With my mouth on her lower half and my hands working their way along her legs, stomach, sides and breasts, Suzanne was soon thoroughly wet and breathing hard. If the first session of the evening was of any indication she was about to climax. Except that I stopped.
"You're done?" There was pleading in her eyes.
"Are you in a rush?" A smug grin accompanied my question.
"Oh, Lord, I've created a monster."
I took a drink of water and lay down on the bed, pulling Suzanne up on top of me. Her skin was smooth and dry, her breasts soft and warm as they pressed into my chest. We kissed for a bit and I allowed my hands to reach around behind her, first cupping her butt, then reaching back down and around it, grazing over her puckered rosebud, reintroducing themselves to her wetness.
"You're really wet." The comment that should have stayed in my head somehow got past my lips.
Thankfully, Suzanne didn't mind.
"I know," she replied, "you seem to have a knack of making me so."
I let my fingertips slowly drag up and down the length of her slit, exploring the contours and folds of her labia, ringing around her engorged clit. Suzanne whimpered.
"You know what is supposed to happen when I get wet, right?"
She reached down in between us and grasped my cock, offering me one final kiss before sitting up on my thighs, my erection pointing at the ceiling, Suzanne keeping it hard and needy with gentle strokes of her hands, rubbing it against the soft, smooth skin of her belly. She looked like a fertility goddess, sitting there on me, her large breasts soft and heavy, her skin flushed.
"Are you okay with this?"
Her question caught me by surprise considering everything that had led up to this point.
"Afterall," she continued, "I'm as old as your parents."
It was the first time that our age difference had been brought up, ever. It had never been brought up over months of flirting and nude photoshoots. It had never been brought up when I was going down on her. It wasn't brought up when I came in her mouth.
I used my size and strength difference to flip us around, Suzanne on her back on the bed, me in between her legs. I didn't say anything, nor did she, instead she simply submitted to my advances and followed my lead.
When I buried my face between her legs one last time, she pulled her legs back farther and wider.
When I positioned the head of my cock at her entrance, she stared directly into my eyes, a silent affirmation of what was about to happen.
When I pushed myself into her, slowly allowing her body to accept all of me, working my way back-and-forth until I was finally fully enveloped by her silky, warm cunt, she didn't fight. She didn't still question whether it was the right thing to do. She didn't ask again if I thought the difference in our ages was a factor. She simply let out a long, relieved sigh...
"Yeeeeeeesssssssssssss..."
She pulled me down onto her and kissed me hard, our tongues lashing wildly at one another, each of us breathing heavily through our noses as our lips refused to part, our hearts racing wildly. I felt as though I wouldn't even need to continue any sort of humping motion as I felt her pussy gripping my cock inside of her.
Grip...
Release...
Grip...
Release...
Was she already cumming?
"Oh, my God! Andy! You feel incredible!"
The woman sure knew how to stroke my ego.
I began working my hips again, just an easy back-and-forth. Certainly not enough to withdraw my entire length, just enough for a bit of friction. Suzanne became more vocal.
"Ooooooohhhh! Oh. My. God!"
I kept my pace, slow and steady, but did start moving with ever expanding stokes. Suzannes' audio did not decrease. In increasing proportion to the building I was feeling within myself, her moans and prayers to her Lord only intensified. By the time she asked me to get on the bed so she could ride me I was convinced that not only would I not last as long as she needed me to, but that the neighboring buildings could hear her... and was surprised to find that her vocalization had not been a distraction in any way, rather instead made the entire situation that much hotter and me that much harder.
Once she was on top of me she took control, and the visual of Suzannes large breasts pinned in between her biceps, her palms on my chest, her eyes closed and her facial expressions those of delirium were amazing.
She took to grinding hard on me, forcing her clit into vigorous contact with my pubic bone. The movements of her hips were again even and rhythmic, nothing frantic, always enjoying the moment. I was surprised to be able to feel her become more and more wet, a concept foreign to me as I thought it simply wasn't possible. It was all too much and I found myself deliberately beginning to refocus my thoughts elsewhere in a desperate bid just to hold on.
There was no mistaking when she began to orgasm as, for the first time since our initial penetration, she went silent. Suzanne collapsed on my chest, her large, soft breasts failing to muffle the heaving beating of her heart, it racing in sequence with my own. She breathed hard into my ear, minor guttural groans the only sound coming from her, and her pussy contracted around my cock, squeezing it in a desperate attempt to milk its seed.
"Suzanne," I groaned, unable to hold back anymore, "I'm gonna' cum."
She held strong in her position; her cunt still throbbing; her mouth still breathing heavily into my ear.
"Suzanne..." I groaned
No more words came out of my mouth as all of my energy was transferred to my groin. My dick got so hard I thought it was going to pop and, in a way, I did. Suzanne cried out one final time as my cock pulsated within her. Our bodies were fighting, mine trying to release its seed, hers trying to take it, each trying to out power the other. My body felt like it was turning inside out as I felt myself drain into her and her body became so rigid I thought she might snap.
And then silence.
It was a strange sensation, the sudden and total lack of noise. Afterall, what happened to our heartbeats? What happened to our breathing?
Suzanne was still on top of me, offering no indication of any intention of moving, no real signs of life. I felt my cock deflating, an inevitable response, and the unenjoyable feeling of it slowly dragging itself, post orgasm, out of its warm, moist nest.
"Hmmmmmmm," she sighed as she rolled off of me, "I didn't want it to end."
I sat up for a moment and took in the sight. The mess of the bed. Suzanne sprawled across it. Her body clearly physically spent, her pubic hair matted with her own wetness. It made me smile. I thought about the unstaged reality of the image in front of me. How she was so far from removed from one of the typical adult couples sessions we did, how she was so not "camera ready."
The thought made me smile.
I was drawn to it. I found it appealing how natural it was. I found Suzanne, in this exposed and spent state, to be incredibly appealing. If I had any energy in my body at all, I knew I would have been aroused. As it was, I grabbed the camera.
With the viewfinder to my eye I was about to press the shutter when her voice cut into the still air.
"Don't even think about it."
She stood up, a weary smile on her face, only enough energy to take the camera out of my hand and set it to the side as she pulled me back toward the shower.
"But," I playfully whined, "I didn't get the shot."
"What," she responded as she turned the water to temperature and pulled us both under its soothing spray, "are you in a rush?"