I shot this one out in a couple days. Didn't think it was worthy of more edits, but should be a fun one for those into the ENF genre. Almost all softcore, until the end.
*****
Fraternity Initiation was yet another teen comedy being produced by Albert Sizemore. He'd made bank with his American Made series, not to mention several financially successful remakes of popular '80s teen comedies. Most of his movies only cost between five and ten million to produce, while returning vast sums in comparison to the budget. They weren't going to win any significant awards, but they performed well with young crowds.
While it was mostly low-brow humor, Albert Sizemore's production and distribution deals kept him on the A-list of producers in Hollywood. He may not have been the most respected producer in Hollywood, but at least he was in the club. Frankly, I was just happy to be working again. My gig as a script girl on Night Beat, a syndicated TV-cop show, ended with the series finale five months ago. I'd been scraping for anything until I finally got the call from someone at Sizemore Studios.
"Phyllis Lavender at R&A said you were great on Felix Lester's movie. Best script girl he ever had," said the man on the phone.
I hated that they still called us "script girls." Our jobs were to ensure continuity in the script, dress and stage. It required a lot of attention to detail, diligent note taking, photo logs and more.
The man on the phone finally introduced himself as Harry Bixley and continued, "We'd love to try you out and if you're a good fit, maybe we'll bring you on for other productions."
I was ecstatic to hear the news, but remained professional. After some back and forth, we'd arranged for a meet and when we did, Harry offered a wage package that was considerably handsome for the short stint. Hopefully, I'd do well enough for them to hire me on for others. I didn't jump up and down in cheers in front of the man, but it was happening in my mind.
Now, on the first day of production, the main cast and critical staff members were together to perform a reading of the entire script. It was also the first time anyone actually got to see the full script, other than the director, Lane Drexler. It was a day many of us looked forward to.
The two leads in the film were Casper Kane and Amanda Hitchens. Their sidekicks were played by JoAnne Pitts, Greg Banks and Wendy Coleson, all actors and actresses who had played in bit players in television before. There were a couple other actors at the table who also would be in the film, but they weren't in any significant roles. However, they read any extra lines while at the table reading, so it helped moved things along to have them here. After introductions had been made, Lane Drexler, the director, got everyone straight to business.
"Albert wants a twenty-day shoot. I intend to do it in fifteen, so I expect all of you to know your lines and have the characters embedded in your head. After today's reading, we come back in two weeks to start shooting, while we finish story-boarding and set building."
Lane turned to me. "This is Hannah Puller. She's worked as a script girl on a couple TV series, even did one movie with my buddy, Felix. Anyway, we have a lot of extras in this thing, as well as all of you to manage, easy to fuck up continuity. Do me a favor and ensure you do what she says and that she logs all scenes with you. Don't want to have the kinds of errors we had with that last guy on American Made 6."
Some staff affirmed with nods, while the actors all agreed verbally. "Sure thing, boss.", "No problem, Lane." "Got it!" I was pleasantly surprised the director mentioned my role before beginning the table reading. It was going to be nice working with someone who appreciated the effort it took to handle this job.
Moments later, the cast was flying through the reading. I noticed the pages were being performed in fewer than 30 seconds and there was very little written in the script that would make them longer when filming and editing. That could be a problem.
On page 7 of the script, the "lead sidekick" character is first introduced to the audience through a wet dream he is having. He sees himself in an empty classroom with the teacher standing directly in front of him as he is seated.
"Adam, are you listening to me? Did you bring a number two pencil? Are you prepared for this test? Adam?"
Adam stares straight ahead, mouth aghast. The only thing in frame is his face. As the camera pulls back and the berating questions continue, we see an enormous pair of tits on the right. The yelling continues more as the camera is pulled further back. Just as the teacher's face is about to be seen, cut to...
Adam being awakened by his mother. She's screaming at him to get ready for school.
Throughout the script, the gag is repeated in various forms. Adam's shtick is his fetish for huge boobs, and one of the many female characters, Penny, who is crushing on him, appears to be flat-chested. The characters of Adam and Penny are both as supporting characters, but the dichotomy between the fantasy and reality of their parts had a humorous undertone, with a charming finish, and I thought their story was almost interesting as the leads' as the table reading continued.
Less than eighty minutes from when we started, we finished. I made note of that to the director, but he seemed unconcerned.
"No worries, it will fill out," he said. "Okay, everybody has seen their schedules for rehearsals. We begin shooting Monday after next. Be ready."
When I served as script girl on a low-budget feature a few years back, I actually assisted in casting. Considering this was an A-list production (if only barely), Karen Reynolds A.C.E. had been hired to do the work. The producer, Albert, was reportedly thrilled when they had successfully signed Casper Kane and Amanda Hitchens. They were both young actors coming out of two popular cable TV series. Casper was expected to have a very bright career and I knew he had made over a quarter million on this deal. Not bad for a few weeks of work.
I was surprised then, considering their youth and wealth, at how kindly they treated me and the rest of the crew, Casper especially. He was almost six foot tall, with a slim, athletic build and a head of light brunette hair that looked like Warhol and Picasso waged war with each other. Regardless, it worked.
I was also impressed with Casper's work ethic. He arrived on time, every time, and always knew his lines. He engaged with the crew during rehearsals, ensuring he understood our needs, as much as we did with him. His co-star, Greg Banks, seemed almost as nice, though he wasn't as talkative.
The director, Lane, seemed very happy with the crew, especially after the first official day of shooting. He wasn't so happy, however, after viewing some of the second unit's dailies from that same day. Two of the bits they filmed were where the sidekick, Adam, fantasized about big boobs being practically shoved in his face. I attended that first viewing of the dailies and remember Lane's aggravation clearly.
"What the fuck is this?" shouted Lane to George, the second unit director.
"What? It's who showed up. I thought you cleared the cast. Everybody knows who Diamond Dees is."
What Lane was so furious about was the actress who came on set to film the topless bits had very fake-looking boobs and considerable scarring. From what I understood, Diamond Dees was an internet sensation, and she toured strip clubs throughout the nation. She was notorious for having fake, oversized tits.
"Makeup can't fix those tits!" screamed Lane. "And I'm not about to spend money on CGI. We need these scenes in the bag to stay on schedule. I want this re-shot now!"
"Well, who am I supposed to use for the shot, Lane? The script specifically calls for "mountain-sized" tits. It's supposed to be a farce, Lane. Tits like that aren't real. Fake tits are fine for this shot."
"Not those fake tits," said Lane. "I don't care if they are real or fake, just get someone, anyone, with a better set of cans than those. Yes, the tits need to be huge, but they also need to be nice. This is a teen boy's fantasy, remember?"
"If I spend half my day tomorrow looking for someone, I'm not going to be able to shoot the basketball scenes we discussed. Then I'll really be behind."
I'd been listening diligently, but hadn't yet thought of any ideas to solving the problem. It was news to me that Lane was upset with George's work. Then Lane turned straight to me.
"Hannah. What about you?"
"Sorry, sir. I checked Diamond Dees in when she arrived and locked the scene. Always assumed she was what you wanted. I can call Reynolds and have them arrange another actress, but it might take a couple days. We could switch other stuff around, maybe."
"Yeah, but then I won't have what I want shot. Fucks up my entire schedule and system of thinking."
"You did plan for a five day buffer," I said, reminding him that the producer was okay with a twenty day shoot.
Lane looked a bit aggravated, not happy with that answer. "I don't miss deadlines, even my own. Anyway, it wasn't what I meant when I asked, 'What about you?'."
"I'm sorry."
"You, Hannah. You have enormous tits. Just go shoot the scenes with George and Greg. We don't even need other staff or actors in there for those scenes. No special lighting or sound needed, either. We could have them in the bag tonight."
My heart dropped. I try very hard to minimize the size of my tits, especially around colleagues. I was ashamed of my F cups. Every year, I promised myself I would pay for a reduction, but it seemed like I could never save up enough money, and my insurance wouldn't cover it.
I don't have a super thin waist, but in comparison to my tits, it was understandable. I had to have a hell of a core to hold these things up, after all. Usually, I wear dark sweaters and blouses that hang loosely, with bras that squeeze my tits a bit, to disguise their true size.
"I... I don't know..." I said. "My dad would kill me if he knew I went topless on screen, or even just pictures. He's a preacher."
Growing up in Idaho, it was a long way here. I'd still yet to sell a script I wrote myself )the real reason I came to Ho0llywood), but serving as script girl on productions did have some enjoyable moments. This wasn't one of them.
Lane looked at me with a frowning smirk. "Come on, Hannah. You know we never pan to the face with this gag. Who is going to know they are your tits?"
It was true. The whole bit was played off where no matter who Adam was fantasizing about (for instance: the teacher, a server in a cafe, a cheerleader, a cashier), the shot was framed to only show these gigantic tits staring the character of Adam in the face. The face was never shown.
"YOU will see my tits," I retorted. "So will Greg and George. And that one scene where the ENTIRE class is screaming at the character of Adam to wake up? Remember, it says for a moment that Adam believes the class sees what he does, so THEY will be filmed with him there, even if my face is edited out."
"Hannah, no one is going to take photos or video, or think any less of you. George will make sure not one frame catches your face. You'll save me from great anxiety, because George and you could probably knock out those first two ruined scenes tonight."
"He's right," says George. "Not much to move around on set to re-shoot them. We did it this morning, as you know."
I was feeling desperate. "Lane, I'm only getting paid a script girl's salary. You know SAG would be furious over this decision if they found out."
I was hoping I could blame my 'no' on the actor's guild.
"Oh fuck, I'll get you a union card tomorrow, our expense. I'll have Mindy handle the paperwork. I'll also have her pay you union wages for the nudity. That pays triple over other extras who have lines in the film."
About 1,800 a day, I thought. Wow, that would be nice. Maybe I could get that reduction sooner than later, I thought, even if these shots would likely be finished in two or three days.
"Okay," I said, refusing to think more over it. "So long as it does not interfere with my regular duties."
"Thank God!" shouted Lane. "You really are the best. George, go get things set up. I'll call Greg in."
An hour later, I was standing behind the door to the set in a robe. I wore my pants from earlier in the day, but had removed everything from the waist up.
"Come on in!" shouted George. I took a deep breath and entered.
Greg, playing the role of Adam, sat in the middle of a white room with a desk in the center. Everything else about the room was washed out, per the script. I was to stand in front of the desk, with my tits directly in front of Greg's eyes, while he just gawked at them in silence. George would shoot most of the scene from one angle, with Adam on the left and me on the right. He also wanted to take two panning shots around the entire set, for backup footage should Lane ever want it. It was to take no longer than a few minutes to do all this work, as George was sensitive to my modesty.
"Hey, Hannah," said Greg, as I approached him. "Thanks for doing this, I guess. I'm betting it isn't something you wanted to do."
I shook my head. "No, not really. I'm nervous."
"Don't be. I promise I'll get the scene right the first time, so we don't have to re-shoot anything."
I thanked him and with another deep breath, I slipped off the robe and handed it to George.
"My God," George said. "Those are torpedoes. Utterly perfect! They'll be stretching over the desk practically at your nose." He pointed at Greg who began giggling.
"Hey!" I said. "Not funny!"
"No, it is funny," said George. "You don't get how perfect those are for this character. Excuse me, but while your tits are awesome, they are almost unbelievable. You're a walking cartoon."
I didn't know whether to be insulted or what, but I turned beet red.
"Hannah, relax," said Greg. "Honestly, you're great. You're perfect. Do not be ashamed of those." He nodded at my boobs. "You have a very nice body. Please just take that as a compliment. Now, shall we get this over with?"
"I'd like that," I said.
George approached closer now. "OK, Hannah, step up to the desk. Your thighs will practically touch it. Stand very straight. Do not lean back, nor forward, but kind of stick your chest out, like in a marching band. The voice-over will do all the talking. I have tape of it."
I stood exactly as instructed, realizing my nipples were only eight or ten inches from Greg's mouth. He got into position, stretched his neck a bit, and then sat up. He opened his eyes wide and slowly, his mouth.
"Yeah, Greg. Just like that from earlier today," said George.
The we heard a voice over some speakers. It was female, firm, and loud. "Adam? Did you bring a number two pencil? I TOLD you to remember to bring a pencil. A number two pencil! This exam is important, Adam." It continued on.
Greg, playing the role of Adam, just utterly gawked at me while the voice-over played out. It was as if Greg was getting carte blance authority to perv on my tits. I knew he was acting, of course, but how could I really be sure? Drool started slipping out the side of his mouth.
"OK, that will do," said George. "Let me just position the camera and do the walk-arounds. Hannah, I'll be sure your face is never in frame, as we agreed."
"I trust you," I said. What choice did I have?
"Good job, Hannah," said Greg, looking up at me.
I was still standing right with my tits in my face and seeing him look past them, to meet my eyes, was an astonishing view. "Uh, thanks," I said.
A moment later, George had things re-positioned and within a couple minutes got the shots he needed. I noticed my panties were getting damper the longer I was subjected to Greg's ogling.
"We'll get the other shot first thing in the morning. I'll have the set switched to the diner. How about we come in an hour early to knock it out?"
We all agreed and I was somewhat relieved I no longer had to have my tits in someone's face for sophomoric amusement. I raced home, dreading the next morning.
__________
"Hannah, we need you to stand still."
It was the third time George tried to get a straight 30 second shot of me standing in front of Greg at the diner scene. He was seated in a chair, my tits even closer to his face now than yesterday. Greg had such a devious and perverted smile and I felt so used and humiliated.
I kept my anxiety to myself, but my pussy was throbbing. I didn't want to, but I'd inadvertently shifted my position a couple times to quell it, apparently ruining the long shots George was trying to get. This time, I looked up and closed my eyes. Maybe if I stopped watching Greg gawking at me like a shameless pervert, then I could get through this.
"I promise this time," I said. "I'll stay still."
This time I managed to hold my shit together and less than a minute later, George cut the scene. "You're doing great, Hannah. Just four more quick ones. Two tomorrow and one the next day."
I was shaking my head. This was going to suck, I thought. Why did my pussy get so wet while Greg stared at me like a piece of meat? My dad would be so disappointed. Thank God he would never know I went through this.
I managed to get through the rest of the day like any other, diligently pursuing my duties, locking scenes, and prepping extras and others for upcoming shots with the first and second unit teams. Lane and George decided to schedule my next two scenes the following day with Greg after everyone else left for the day, on a closed set. One was to be on a football field, so that would be on green screen.
The other was a scene where Adam daydreams while in a convenient store. The cashier's service area is raised behind the counter, like in many convenient stores for security purposes. Of course, the tits are at eye level to Greg, who actually has lines in this scene this time. The gag is the character isn't sure he is awake or dreaming.
I came in the following morning, dreading the day, knowing it would pass excruciatingly slowly (or perhaps too fast), before I was subjected to that humiliation again. 'Eighteen hundred dollars a day,' I thought. 'Just a couple more days.'
Lane caught me walking in. "Hannah!" he yelled, waving me toward him. He had the script in his hand and he was walking the staging area, but no one else was around so early this morning. Once I approached, he said, "Fantastic work! Utterly perfect. You should see the shots George got."
"Uh, thank you..." I managed. I hoped he wouldn't bring it up. I knew he knew those tits were mine, but it was an embarrassing thing to admit.
"George said you were kind of reserved and shy, but you pushed through. After seeing that tape, you were the perfect fit for this role. So proud of you."
I wasn't sure he was praising my work ethic or my tits. "Well, okay. I... just... I'm glad George is so fast and professional. Thank you for that." I wasn't sure what else to thank him for, other than the money. No way would I do this without that incentive.
"Of course. George will have the crew set up the convenient store set at the end of the day. We expect to shoot your stuff around 6 or 7 if we stay on track. He'll shoot your scenes in no time. Thanks again for stepping up. Really do appreciate it."
I had to admit, though I was going through some degree of humiliation, the staff of this production was the nicest I'd worked with. Many crews have members that are all out for themselves. These people seemed to support each other through and through.
I tried to ignore thinking about the inevitable as I worked through the day, but twice I almost forgot to snap pictures of sets and log them to scenes. I was definitely distracted and for good reason. Come 6:30, I was once again standing in a robe, on set, behind the counter of the convenient store. I had worked in white shorts and a long tee all day. The shorts covered plenty and I figured it would fit the topless look I was being subjected to.
"You ready?" asked George, walking up to me. "After I yell action, Greg will come through those doors. Even though we are going to re-shoot the entrance with Greg separately, on this first cut, we're going to play out the whole scene."
"First cut?"
"Yeah, this one will take four or five, as we have multiple camera angles. I could have had a larger film crew here and done it in fewer takes, but figured you didn't want that."
"Right," I said.
"Once Greg approaches the counter, where he's trying to buy condoms, he sees you and the the rest of the scene plays out. Remember, you are never to move an inch until he finally hands you the cash. Just open the till, give change, and we'll keep your tits in frame with the action."
So descriptive, I thought. Of all the scenes we had to do, this was one of the very worst. I dreaded the upcoming classroom scene. I peeled off my robe and handed it to George, stood over the counter and arched my back, keeping my hands at my sides, fingers tapping on edge of the store counter.
"Ready when you are," I said.
A moment later, George yelled action and Greg, playing the character of Adam, barged through the doors. George moved the camera as Adam frantically searched for condoms in the aisle. He finally found them, bumbled them in his hands a bit, and then rushed up to the counter, freezing the moment he looked up, his eyes meeting my tits.
There it was again. That tingle.
Greg, playing the role of Adam well, first had his eyes bulge out, then his mouth open and he began stuttering. He bumbled yet again with the condom package, almost dropping it to the floor, popped back up to stare me in the tits again, before finally (and slowly) allowing his eyes to slowly look away from my tits, up to the ceiling. While he'd performed the scene, watching him gazing at my nipples made that tingle turn into a throbbing sensation.
"Uh... just this, ma'am," Greg said, sliding the package and a wad of mangled cash across the counter.
By this point, George had the camera panning past Greg's head, stopping at a position I assumed only had my torso and the counter in view. I picked up the package and pretended to ring it up on the till. I then opened it, shoved the cash in and grabbed some change, passing it back across the counter. Greg's eyes moved back to my torso. I then bagged the condoms and handed the package over.
"I think I need new meds," Greg said, turning and walking away.
"And... cut! Great job for the first run, guys," said George. I turned to him, wishing I could have my robe back to put on between takes. I noticed Greg was now looking at my tits again, even out of character, but then he turned to the director.
"You want to shoot from just the approach to the counter from now on, right?" he asked.
"Correct, Greg," said George. "One more run through this angle, then two more from the two o'clock position, more Hannah's side."
The thought of my tits being shot so close up to the camera wasn't thrilling to me. Thank God my face stayed out of the picture. We ran through the take one more time and Greg once again nailed all the perverted ogles and ahs, before moving to the next camera position.
"You stay there, Hannah. I need you in spot to set up the camera."
George picked up the camera - they're fairly light these days, even the ones Hollywood uses - and set up his floor balance not two feet from me, before mounting the camera. From my position, the camera would constantly be viewing the side of my right breast, angled well enough to see nipple and everything. The throbbing in my shorts quickened and I noticed a dampness there. Being so close to George, I hoped he didn't.
"Ok, Greg, just two more quick takes. You ready?"
Greg had been leaning across the counter the whole time while I stood there. If he hadn't backed up before standing up, his head may have hit my boob.
"Sure, you got it."
If Dad could see me now, standing practically stark naked on the set of a movie that will be seen by millions... my heart dropped at the thought. Power through, I thought. Power through.
Demonstrating his consistent acting skills, Greg played through the scene twice more, always making the perfect facial expressions for the fit of the scene. Most of it was perverted, I thought, yet I knew I was having a sexual reaction to it. I just couldn't explain it.
"And... cut. Green screen room is ready to go. It's across the lane."
I quickly put the robe on and followed the two across the set to the brightly lit room. It was about thirty foot square and all in neon green, even the floor. It was when I got in position and handed the robe to George that I noticed just how damp I had gotten. Several inches of moisture were soaking through my white shorts. I started pacing, when George grabbed me by the shoulder. I jumped, my left tit hitting him in the arm.
"Okay, same premise. You stand here." He pointed at a marker on the floor. "Greg will be seated on a small bleacher set, alone, with you directly in front of him. You stand for several seconds and then jump once. These pom-poms you will be holding need to rise up in frame as you make the jump. Essentially, the shot has your tits in view, but they go out of view on the jump, and just as the pom-poms comes into view, we cut to Greg's face, who will be looking like he just prematurely ejaculated."
Ridiculously graphic, but this was the joke of the scene. As Greg got situated in front of me, I noticed his eyes popping, directed at my breasts again, and the acting hadn't even started yet. Greg glanced down and caught sight of the wet spot on my shorts and his eyes bulged even wider. I so badly wanted this to be over, but then George noticed it, too.
"Oh, Hannah. It's okay. No worries. Besides, in this scene we need the shorts off. I'll be at your side filming, so your bare hip should come into view if you do the jump right. Clothing wouldn't work for the scene, anyway."
"I have to strip naked?" I protested.
"Hurry up, please" said Greg. "I have a date tonight."
Rather than arguing, I huffed and unpeeled my shorts and underwear, grateful I shaved this morning, but now Greg saw everything and I felt so exposed.
"Thank you much, Hannah," said George. "Grab the pom-poms and lets do this."
I swear when time came for me to jump, Greg didn't miss a beat. Of course, he was seated and I was standing, my tits not six inches from his nose. George kept the camera framed close up to Greg's face and my left breast. When I jumped, I perhaps tried too hard the first time, bending further than I intended. I shot off the floor and even still, I saw Greg's googly eyes following my tits the entire time. Hopefully, the camera cut that out.
"Not bad, Hannah. Greg. Let's do this once or twice more, then several times from the opposite angle."
Six times I had to subject myself to swinging my tits in the air as I jumped before the young actor. After the last take, George straightened up and walked over. "Well? What do you two think? Good enough to make the dailies?"
Greg looked up at me and then at George. The two seemed to take no mind in me being completely naked before them, or they were attempting to be polite. I knew they were enjoying this more than they let on. Greg's acting was too convincing, and George sometimes took longer than necessary framing those last shots, I thought.
"What do you think?" Greg asked, as he messed with the camera.
"I'm just glad we're almost finished," I said.
"Why?" asked George. "You're a natural?"
"A natural?" I asked, tilting my head, hands to hips. "Come on, you know they're just using me for my unnatural tits. It's embarrassing living with these." I was complaining, yet I made no move to get dressed. For some reason, I wanted this to last just a little longer. I wanted them to stare for a while, even if they were trying to keep eye contact.
"Tomorrow's classroom scene is being shot in the morning with half the crew, as you know. You gonna be okay with that?"
This was the one where many others would briefly see me naked. George promised two takes, max. If it wasn't the allure of another eighteen hundred bucks for a few minutes of work, I would have bailed in a heartbeat. Just then, Lane, the director, stormed into the green screen room. I almost jumped out of my skin (as I had nothing else), yet I managed to stay still, sucking in air as he approached.
"Hey, Hannah, I was just leaving. Thought I would stop by to see how everything was going before I left."
He, too, was attempting to be polite while I just stood there so exposed.
"We just wrapped it up," said George. "Hannah has been great. Quite a sport. You know, as many scripts as we see, where some huge tit have to fly across the screen for comedic effect, I was thinking Hannah ought to find an agent to cast her for parts like those."
I interjected. "No way, mister. This is a one-time thing."
"Well, five or six, actually, considering how many times we repeat this joke," laughed Greg, now taking a moment to gawk at me. I caught him looking at my tits, then up at my eyes, then he smiled and directed his eyes back to my tits. Jesus, why did it make me so angry, yet why was allowing it to continue?
"He's right, Hannah," said Lane, poking me on the shoulder. "You should get an agent. You'd get cast as an extra in dozens of films a year. Easy money."
"Yeah, but this one allows me not to show my face. How rare is that?"
"You'd be surprised. Most roles probably wouldn't even be topless, just in need of some big-bossomed bimbo in the background. You could play that part."
Once again, I didn't know whether to be flattered or offended, but then I noticed Lane eyeing me up and down during the pause in conversation, just like the other two had been doing.
"Well, shall you get dressed?" he asked.
"Oh, my clothes are across the lot, where we did the first shoot." Instead of reaching for the robe, I just began walking toward the exit. I figured they would follow me and I was right. It allowed for at least a couple more minutes before I had to cover myself, and if I was only doing this once, I might as well let the boys have their fun. Maybe I was beginning to ease up on the discomfort level.
The three men followed me back to the first staging area where I'd left my clothes on a chair. Just before I picked them up, I turned to face the men.
"Hey, would it be okay if I saw the dailies, too? Of what I've done?" I asked. I was interested in seeing them, but I was more interested in letting them all get one more good look at my body before I put my bra and shirt on.
If anything, this was good practice for tomorrow...
... when the genuine reality of the situation was now finally upon me.
I looked across the set. It was a classroom scene with about twenty students desks, almost all filled with the cast and extras. The teacher's desk was centered in front of a blackboard, of course. There were only two walls put up, but others could be moved around, so the set could be shot at any angle.
Greg sat in the center chair, closest to the teacher's desk. I was to stand in front of him, practically naked again, while he was seated at his desk. One camera was going to pan behind my back, around, following my tits, until the frame landed on the character of Adam.
Another few shots would be taken at different angles, but Lane assured me, they would be swift. This was the only scene with me in it where Lane was actually directing. Most of his work was with the core shots of the film. The second unit usually did "pick ups" and short scenes that didn't include the major players.
I was allowed to wear panties and this time I had the foresight to put on dark ones. The robe I wore hung to my curves and as I approached Greg on the set, I saw several of the other actors take notice. Some eyebrows were raised.
"You ready for this?" asked Greg, as I got in position. I hadn't yet taken off the robe.
"I just wish everyone didn't have to be here," I whispered. "I'm shaking. Really, Greg, I am not sure I can do this."
"You'll be fine," he responded, but then Lane interrupted with his mega-phone.
"Okay, people. Most of you probably know Hannah Puller. She's been doing a terrific job as script runner. She's also a member of the screen actors guild and came to the rescue for us. As always, we expect support and respect. Understood?"
The crowd nodded and voiced their cheers and support.
"I had no idea you were an actress," said Amanda Hitchens, the leading lady, who was seated a couple rows down.
I smiled, looked at the floor and said, "Well, I'm not, really. Just helping."
"Oh, don't be silly."
Without warning, Lane had come behind me and grabbed the sides of my robe with his hands. "Okay, Hannah, let's get right to it."
I stepped out of the robe and got in position in front of Greg. My eyes were closed hard, I dared not look at the crowd gawking at me. I certainly heard them, though. The moment I slipped out of the robe, audible gasps scattered across the set.
"Jesus Christ," muttered one voice. "She needs a stunt double for those."
"Those need bronzed," said another.
"Who the fuck is your doctor?" asked Wendy Coleson. "Give me his number."
"Sorry, Wendy," said Lane. "Home grown. Okay, everyone, places... and action!"
The camera panned behind my back. As the room stayed silent, I slowly opened my eyes. Unlike I'd imagined, the actors and actresses weren't paying any attention to me. I realized of course this was because only Adam was seeing this dream. Soon though, things would change, as his character "dreams" that everyone turns to him. One of the girls, a cheerleader, screams, "Well, aren't you going to do anything with those?"
In disbelief, the character of Adam turns to look at his classmates. He is supposedly stunned that for the first time, he isn't the only one seeing huge tits. But of course, he is, because he's hallucinating the whole thing in this scene. It is supposedly the breaking point.
Later in the film, Adam will finally cave to the girl who is after his heart, only to discover that she has a much nicer rack than he'd imagined. A happy ending for them, as well as the main characters.
When it came time for everyone to pay attention to Greg and me, it was like an explosion. Having twenty strangers ogle my naked body, realizing many of them were enjoying the view - hell, many might take this memory home for masturbation material - the entire situation sent me reeling. I tensed up to stand still and felt a moistness occurring in my panties.
I took a deep breath in and said to myself, 'Don't look, close your eyes. You can get through this.'
As I had done the previous day, I closed my eyes to stay distracted from the events occurring. The actors said their lines, Greg played his part, and on two occasions in the scene, attention was specifically drawn to my breasts by the actors. It seemed to take forever.
"And... cut!" said Lane, finally, on the sixth and final take, far more than I'd been promised it would take.
"Okay, Hannah. Great job."
The entire room exploded in applause and this time I did jump from the unexpected surprise. The praise made me smile, even if involuntarily.
"Thank you, guys," I said.
Lane walked up to me, but I noticed he wasn't carrying the robe. Neither was anyone else bringing it to me.
"Hannah," he said, arms raised. "You're all done! You did such a great job."
I smiled again and repeated my thanks. I took a breath and began to act as if I would go off to seek my robe, but Lane cut me off. First, he held up his hand to the actors in the room, drawing attention.
"You guys can go now," he said. "We're using the same set for the next scene and just need to change a few things. Snack bar in the back, as usual."
As people got out of their chairs and began meandering around, Lane stepped closer to me. I still felt awkward, but somehow with the weight of the cameras not on me, I was managing to breathe easier standing there naked.
"I am so pleased we found you. First, I want you know that you have done a terrific job. This bit actually works. The few who have seen the first cuts of these scenes have all laughed out loud. A lot!"
"You have cuts made already? More than the dailies?"
"Two with full audio and soundtrack. I don't play, I work fast, and I noticed that you have really kept up."
"Oh, thank you," I said, realizing he was complimenting me on my actual work as the script runner.
"I can tell you're both experienced and young. You're going a long way here if you keep up this work ethic. So tell me, why are you here?"
"Excuse me?" I asked, noticing he looked me up and down, clearly stopping at my tits and my pussy. He was getting an eyeful, and that was when I noticed the bulge in his jeans. I tried to look up, away from it.
"Your dream job isn't script girl. What is it? You want to be a show runner some day? A producer? I know being an actress isn't your thing."
"Screenwriter," I said. "I know, sounds cliche, but that's why I moved here."
"Really? Anything you think Albert might be interested in?"
"Uh... probably not. No tits in my scripts."
We both laughed. He enjoyed the bounce it gave and my pussy just kept getting wetter. Then, he looked me straight in the eye.
"Bring me your favorite script. I promise to give it a solid look. If I think it warrants other opinions, I will let you know."
"Really?" I asked, hopping up. "That means so much to me."
I was confident my work could insight a discussion among producers, if only they would look at it. Maybe Lane could get it there.
"There is one thing, however."
"Yes?" I asked, standing up straight. I was getting so hot. Some people looked our direction now and then, and he just kept staring at me while talking, taking my nudity all in. The whole thing had me tingling all over. Lane stepped closer to me, whispering in my ear. Shivers ran down my spine.
"I find you highly attractive. You can reject me, and I swear I will not hold it against you, but Hannah, please come to my place tonight. I can have Burt pick you up at seven."
"I can't wait that long," I whispered back. I couldn't believe the words coming out of my mouth.
Lane jolted up, looking me in the eye. "Say again?"
"Your office, I have to fuck you. Now. Right now. Please." I was begging. I prayed it wouldn't kill his respect for me.
Lane grabbed me by the wrist and pulled me to his side, marching us quickly to his office. We did not bother stopping for the robe. Twenty seconds later, Lane slammed the door shut behind him and I dropped to my knees.
"Give it to me," I said, firmly.
I didn't know who this new character I was playing or where she came from, but I was beginning to like her. For the first time, I didn't care at all about being naked in front of someone. It was liberating. I wanted to play, to prove I could live as free as others. My pussy was so wet.
I really liked Lane, but the thought of his cock surpassed the thought of romance by a long shot. Once he'd taken off his pants, I raced to his dick. It was already half hard and I wet my lips and quickly put in in my mouth, allowing every drop of saliva I had to soak it. I began bobbing my head, controlling the motion. Lane moaned in response.
"Oh man, you're incredible. Tell me you're single."
"Mmm-hmmm," I said, never letting his member out of my lips. My pussy throbbed harder from the stimulation and I began rubbing it.
Just then, Greg Banks barged into the office. He was rushing in, head at the floor. "Hey Lane, I gotta ask you something about... oh, hey... uh.. wait... HEY!"
Greg jumped back, shocked by the scene. Lane hadn't locked the door behind him!
"I am so sorry, Lane. I'll come back later." Greg was about to turn to leave when I pushed Lane's cock out of my mouth.
"No, wait!" I screamed. Greg almost froze.
I looked up at Lane. "Can he watch?" Not waiting for an answer, I turned back to Greg. "Go lock the door and then come back. I want you to watch us. I want you to watch me as if you were Adam."
"Wait. What?"
"Just do as she says, man!" hollered Lane. I loved that he was playing along.
I stood up and faced Greg, my tits clearly facing him. I then slowly bent over, keeping my eyes on his. Even though I was talking to Lane, I kept them locked on Greg when I said, "Put it in me."
"This is incredible. So hot," said Greg. He then rushed to the door and locked it, shooting back to witness Lane pumping me. I was glad the door was locked, as I wasn't sure I would have the guts for a larger audience.
Lane pumped slowly at first, but quickened his pace every twenty seconds or so. My tits began to swing with the motion and soon they were practically hitting me in the face. Greg kept his eyes wide and his mouth open, perving like the bastard he portrayed in the film we were making, Fraternity Initiation. He even began rubbing his cock over his jeans, which only made me wetter.
Then it hit. Uncontrollably. Usually my orgasms - the rare times I give myself one - are slow coming on. This hit like a hurricane out of nowhere. My thighs shook and calves shivered. My tits were wobbling as I tried to settle the rush of the intense orgasm.
"You came so hard, you practically shoved me out of your pussy, Hannah. Awesome! Keep taking it. Maybe you'll cum with me next time."
Lane's dirty talk only got me instantly aroused again, and now Greg's cock was clearly hard under his pants. Lane began pumping like a locomotive, sending me rocking back and forth, almost violently.
"Cum on my ass," I screamed, just as Lane pulled out. An enormous rope of cum splattered against my shoulders, and then another on the middle of my back. The heat of the liquid sent me reeling into yet another orgasm, when more cum hit me on my ass. Beaten, I finally looked back at Greg.
"Jesus, you guys," he said. "I think you passed the initiation."