After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
Emily sat in the greenroom backstage. Her heart was pounding, and her head was spinning so badly that she could barely remember how she got there. 4NR had left her there and said she would be back shortly, so she was all alone apart from eight other girls in white dresses around her. Emily looked at them. They all seemed so young. All were bursting with excitement, giggling, and whispering to each other, and each whisper usually sparked even more giggling.
She didn't share their enthusiasm, to say the least. She was terrified. Thoughts raced around her head about running away or making a stand, but she remembered the intense pain of the rattan, its effects still very much present on her bottom. Her only real choice was to do what she had to do here to survive and go along with it until Collingwood could get her out of it and back home. All she could do was woman-up, get it done and try not to think about it too much. Hopefully it would all be a distant memory one day. In the meantime, it was a case of 'when in Rome, do as the Romans do'. So many things that she found crazy and humiliating were normal and accepted in this world. All she could do was try to force down the outrage, blend in and remember it was all temporary.
She took some solace thinking about the things about to happen to her, knowing that every woman on this planet experienced it and came out the other side. If they could do it, then so could she. Even if it was as vile and possibly as painful as she expected it to be, she felt an obligation to go through it all in solidarity with the other women of this world, not to mention the girls in this room. The thought didn't make it any less horrible. Just doable. She tried to calm herself and think ahead to when this insane ceremony was all over with, or even better still, back on the ship dressed again and leaving this place for good!
She looked up as an older man entered the room. At least for now she was covered so he wasn't seeing her naked. May as well enjoy that for the limited time it was available to her.
"Now, debs, remember everything we have been through. Tonight is your night! Make me proud. I shall be watching you the whole time," he was saying.
"Yes, Mr Chambers," they replied.
"I'm going to miss you all," he continued, seemingly quite emotional about it.
"Oh, Mr Chambers, you will be able to gain pleasure from us any time after tonight. You need only seek us out."
"You are very kind. I am so very proud of you all already, but I am sure there will be many others younger and far more worthy. You will soon forget an old man like me."
"Never, Mr Chambers! I will always have a place for you. You have been a most excellent teacher, and you are here with me now to see me become a woman. You have proven yourself worthy many times over."
Emily was aghast to hear these girls offering themselves to their much older teacher. This place was so fucked up. They all seemed so excited about what was ahead of them, yet she was trembling so much she couldn't keep her legs still. The room was beginning to feel hot and uncomfortable as well. Was it just her or could the others feel it too? She looked up to see 4NR returning.
"Emily, I have good news," 4NR began. "I have secured you in fourth position so you will be able to watch the others before you to see what they do. These other debs have the benefit of their deb training which you have not yet done, so you can follow their example."
It definitely is getting hot. Is there no AC in this room?
"Um… thank you, 4NR, I guess," Emily replied hesitantly while fanning herself with her hands.
Suddenly an usher appeared at the entrance and looked around the room. Emily swallowed.
Is this it?
"Debs, the show is about to begin," he began, and then was forced to pause as squeals of excitement erupted. "Ok, ok. Please form a line in order. First is Elizabeth, then Kate, then Amy. Good, good. Then Emily. Melissa. Where is Melissa? Oh, there she is. Olivia, Isabelle, Charlotte, and Sonia. That should be all of you? 1, 2, 3… 8 & 9. Yes, all here. Please follow me, debs."
"Good luck, debs!" the older man called out as they departed. Emily turned to see 4NR beaming and waving her off. She waved back and tried to force a smile, which was no easy feat. She was dreading what was about to happen and she was shaking so much it was difficult to walk.
The line of girls followed the usher onto the stage behind the curtains. It was quite dark and difficult to see where they were going. Emily could hear a lot of murmuring on the other side of the curtain. The crowd sounded much larger than she had anticipated. Suddenly the murmurs hushed, and a voice came over the speakers.
"LADIES AND GENTLEMEN! WELCOME TO FRIDAY NIGHT DEBUTANTE!"
The sudden applause was almost deafening.
"THANK YOU THANK YOU! SO TONIGHT WE HAVE NINE VERY EXCITED DEBS FOR YOU TO MEET!"
More applause.
Emily realised the curtains were going up, but they were all still in darkness. She could see the crowd now and was shocked to discover it was a packed stadium! Out front of the stage was a runway leading to a small circular area with steps up to a raised podium in the centre.
We won't have to go down there and get up on that in front of everyone will we?
"LET US INTRODUCE THEM TO YOU!"
Suddenly the stage was lit up and Emily was blinded for a moment. Once her eyes adjusted, she couldn't see much of the crowd anymore but all around she could see studio cameras and lights everywhere.
Good God! It's like the set of a game show, only much, much bigger!
"WE HAVE ELIZABETH, KATE, AMY, EMILY, MELISSA, OLIVIA, ISABELLE, CHARLOTTE, AND SONIA. GIVE THEM A HAND, EVERYONE!"
As the host announced their names, a cameraman moved down the line in front of the girls. Emily caught a glimpse of something behind her and saw a huge screen that must have been at least five metres high! As the cameraman moved down the line, each of their smiling faces appeared on the screen in close-up. Emily realised she wasn't smiling and quickly forced one. If she had to do this, she felt that she needed to try not to look awkward and out of place so as not to cause herself any more embarrassment than necessary, or attract another caning and still have to do it anyway.
At last, the applause started to die down again.
"Our first deb tonight is … ELIZABETH! Elizabeth turned nineteen on Tuesday and enjoys music, watching vids and riding her bike. She excelled at school in mathematics and English, and now is looking forward to serving society and becoming a woman tonight. GIVE HER A CLAP EVERYONE!"
Elizabeth squealed with delight when she heard her name and stepped forward to the front of the stage. Emily could hear a group of female voices whooping and chanting her name somewhere at the front of the audience. It seemed she had friends here, and they were as excited as she was.
"ELIZABETH, PLEASE REVEAL YOURSELF!" the host requested.
Elizabeth immediately tore the dress off and threw it to one side, revealing a petite frame with small breasts and the obligatory hairless pubic area. The same group of female voices again erupted in cheering, making themselves heard above the applause from the massive crowd. Emily turned to the big screen behind her and saw that it was filled with Elizabeth's newly exposed body. She raised both arms out wide and waved to the cheering crowd while blowing kisses towards them. Her face bore the biggest smile. She had no shame at all in being exposed like this.
"ELIZABETH, I have something for you. Want to guess what it is? IT IS YOUR NEW COLLAR!"
Elizabeth again squealed with delight and almost ran over to the host where a naked woman beside him stood with the collar. Elizabeth then held still and lifted up her hair as the leather collar was fastened around her neck.
"WELCOME TO SOCIETY, 7BVAP8," the host went on. "PLEASE TAKE A WALK FOR US. THIS IS YOUR MOMENT!"
Elizabeth, or 7BVAP8 now, walked down the runway before stepping up onto the platform at the end. She seemed a little awkward in her heels, like they were too big for her, or it was the first time she'd worn them, or perhaps it was just an illusion caused by her long, skinny legs.
"7BVAP8, PLEASE 'SIT' FOR US," the host requested.
She immediately went into the squat position with her knees wide apart and her hands clasped behind her neck. Emily watched the screen behind her out of the corner of her eye and saw that the camera had gone in for a close-up! The whole screen was taken up by Elizabeth's hairless pussy! Every intimate detail was visible, not helped at all by the fact that her labia were unavoidably splayed open in the degrading position.
Emily thought she should have been filled with dread that soon she too would have to perform the same lewd act, but instead she could feel herself getting wet and her breathing had shallowed. She was getting aroused.
What the fuck? This can't be turning me on, surely?
It was so awful to make a girl do any of this. Seeing the reality of it filled her with revulsion, especially knowing that shortly she would have to do it as well. Then she realised her arousal must be due to the effects of the the pill 4NR had given her.
"LET US SEE YOU 'DISPLAY', 7BVAP8!"
Elizabeth immediately turned around, bent over, and held her labia and buttocks open towards the crowd. Once again, Emily caught a glimpse in her peripheral vision behind her that the sight filled the big screen at the back of the stage. She realised the same images were probably being broadcast live to thousands of homes! As if the thousands of people in the audience here weren't enough already!
"THANK YOU, 7BVAP8! WHAT DO WE SAY, EVERYONE?"
"GO FORTH AND MULTIPLY!" shouted the crowd in unison.
There was more clapping, whistling and cheering as Elizabeth returned, still grinning ear to ear, back along the runway to the stage where a dashing young man in a tuxedo then walked up to her.
"'Present', 7BVAP8," Emily heard him say.
Elizabeth immediately stood with her legs apart and hands behind her back in front of him. Both smiled at each other for a few moments before he finally said 'Come' and led her off stage to the crowd's applause. Emily noticed she still dutifully kept her hands behind her back as she followed and assumed it must be part of the rules of the 'Come' command as well.
"We will check back with 7BVAP8 in a little while," the host continued as the applause died down. "Our next deb is… KATE! Kate turned nineteen just today and her interests are horse riding, poetry, and swimming. Her teacher tells me she has been an absolute joy to work with and he is almost sad to see her go off to become a woman tonight. Aww…"
The crowd repeated the 'aww'.
"LET US GIVE KATE A BIG HAND EVERYONE!"
Kate went through much the same process as Elizabeth before being led off stage in her new collar. The host was about to introduce the next deb when he stopped to listen to something in his earpiece.
"Ladies and gentlemen, apparently 7BVAP8 is just about to become A WOMAN! LET US SEE HOW SHE IS GOING."
Emily turned to the big screen again as it suddenly switched to a view of what appeared to be a lavishly furnished bedroom. Elizabeth was already straddling the man on his back and there were four other naked men kneeling around the large bed around her, all sporting rather impressive erections. Elizabeth leaned forward to take the one in front into her mouth while the man underneath supported her body. Next, she reached out either side and took a penis in each hand as the man behind her pushed himself into her exposed rear entry. Emily noticed her body jolted at that, but it didn't slow her down. She was rolling her hips back and forth with gusto while her head bobbed on the man's penis in front of her and her hands pumped the two either side of her. This was worse than any porn Emily had ever seen!
As much as she was revolted by the images of Elizabeth being buggered and treated like an object by five men at once, knowing that she too would soon suffer the same experience, Emily suddenly realised that she was so horny now that she was finding it hard to resist touching herself! She felt a trickle of dampness on her leg.
Oh God, I'm going to have to expose myself like this in front of the crowd in a minute! They're going to think I'm a complete slut! Maybe I can wipe myself with the dress without anyone noticing? Fuck! So many people and so many cameras. If I wipe myself and they see, I'm a slut. If I don't and they notice how wet I am, I'm a slut anyway. Fuck!
She tried fanning her face with her hand again. It didn't help.
The bedroom scene played on for a few minutes before switching back to the stage.
"We'll check back on 7BVAP8 later. Our next deb is… AMY! Amy enjoys music, watching vids and chess. In school her favourite subjects were Spanish and the violin."
It was Amy's turn to step forward to the front of the stage. Emily knew that she would be called next. Her heart was racing now.
"REVEAL YOURSELF FOR US, AMY!"
Amy immediately tore the dress off and stood in front of the crowd and cameras completely naked just as Elizabeth and Kate had done. Then she received her collar and walked down the runaway to the podium before doing the usual poses as the host called them. As she was being led away by another young man in a tuxedo, the host again was listening to his earpiece.
"Ladies and gentlemen, I have word that 7BVAP8 IS NOW A WOMAN! Let us check in on her!"
The big screen switched back to the bedroom. The men were all standing up and dressing again while Elizabeth sat naked on the edge of the bed. The camera followed another man holding a microphone in as he stepped up to her.
"How do you feel, 7BVAP8?" he asked.
The camera went in for a close-up of Elizabeth's face. Her mascara had run everywhere. Obviously, she had gagged on the penis in her throat. There was also semen obvious on her face and in her hair, but through it she was still smiling excitedly.
"Oh gosh, Jeff, I cannot believe I have finally made it!" she responded. "I have been looking forward to this day my whole life and it is finally here at last!"
"It looked like you had some trouble with the rear coupling?"
"It was a little more than I expected but I adapted and enjoyed myself," Elizabeth replied, still smiling.
"Did you orgasm, 7BVAP8?"
"Yes, I did, Jeff! Twice even!"
"Good for you, 7BVAP8! Ok, we will leave you to get cleaned up. Back to you, Tony."
"THANKS JEFF. CONGRATULATIONS, 7BVAP8! Ok, folks, our next deb tonight is… EMILY! Emily is 26 years old and has an unusual back story."
Oh fuck! This can't be happening!
There was a gasp from the crowd in response to hearing Emily's age.
"WILL YOU STEP FORWARD, EMILY!"
Emily was momentarily stunned that the moment she had been dreading had arrived but jolted out of it and stepped forward to the front of the stage on hearing her name called. Her heart was beating so hard she worried it might burst out of her chest.
"REVEAL YOURSELF FOR US, EMILY!"
Emily grabbed the neckline of her dress and paused as her mind raced trying to think of some way out of this. While she was thinking, her hand seemingly had a mind of its own and she felt the dress being torn away and cast aside. Oh God, she had actually done it and was now standing nude with a shaved pussy in front of thousands of people! And she knew without looking that her face and body would be filling the big screen behind her!
"Emily comes to us after she was found wandering around the Cape Willis Space Port WEARING CLOTHES!"
The crowd gasped again even louder this time.
"Yes, folks, you heard right. She was dressed and uncollared AT HER AGE! And we all know what that means do we not? EMILY, PLEASE TURN AROUND."
Emily had no option but to turn her back to the audience and cameras. She could see her butt filling the massive screen as she looked back at the stage, and for the first time had a clear view of the welts left by the rattan the previous day. It looked gruesome! There were dozens of clear lines of purpling bruises with yellowish outlines.
The crowd erupted into laughter. Emily wished the ground would open up and swallow her. Being naked in this situation was hard enough. Being an object of ridicule took it to a whole other level.
"Now, now, folks. Emily has seen the error of her ways and has taken her punishment. She now looks forward to becoming a valuable member of society. EMILY, PLEASE COME AND ACCEPT YOUR NEW COLLAR AND BEGIN YOUR BELATED JOURNEY INTO WOMANHOOD!"
The laughter changed to cheers as Emily robotically walked over to where the woman waited with the collar, then reluctantly held her hair up as it was fastened around her neck.
"WELCOME TO SOCIETY, 7GQA9E."
That was her new name? How utterly degrading to now have a number instead of a name! Being collared as well as nude made her feel even more degraded. The reality of it suddenly hit home. She felt like she wasn't even a person anymore. Just a naked female body on display for men's pleasure. A pet or livestock, nothing more.
"PLEASE TAKE A WALK FOR US, 7GQA9E. THE STAGE IS YOURS!"
Emily took a deep breath and then strutted down the runway in her heels, then stumbled on the step up to the podium at the end.
Oh God, as if being nude in front of all of these people isn't enough already! Imagine falling flat on my face completely naked as well! Get your shit together, Emily. Focus.
Luckily, she managed to regain her balance just in time and stood facing the audience, trying her best to smile while the wetness between her legs still played heavily on her mind. Instinctively she wanted to reach down and wipe herself, but with so many eyes on her it was out of the question. There was nothing for it but to try to ignore it and hope it wasn't too obvious.
"'SIT' FOR US, 7GQA9E."
Without giving herself time to think about it and maybe back out, Emily got into the squat position with her knees wide apart and her hands behind her neck. It was such a humiliating pose! Everything was on display. Her hairless labia she knew would be slightly parted, her freshly shaven armpits exposed to the world and her breasts lifted up and clearly in view. She was showing everything she had, and in detail! She felt her face and neck grow hotter with each passing moment. She couldn't believe this was happening to her, and she was going along with it without a fight. There was no other choice for her in this horrible place though.
"LET US SEE YOU 'DISPLAY', 7GQA9E!"
She knew this was coming and was somewhat prepared for it. Still, it wasn't easy to go through with it. It was degrading enough to do it one-on-one in front of those cops when she was arrested, and that was before she was shaved! To do it in front of a crowd, knowing it would be up on the big screen and broadcast live, was completely mortifying!
Before she knew it, she was standing bent over with her back to the audience and reaching around to spread her buttocks and pussy lips. The whole time, the cheering from the crowd was deafening. She didn't dare look up at the screen. It made it easier to pretend this wasn't really happening.
"Uh oh, it looks like 7GQA9E is looking forward to the next part a little too much. We better not keep her!"
Oh God, he noticed my wetness, and drew attention to it! Now the whole world is looking at it!
The crowd erupted into laughter again, causing Emily to blush even more than she already was.
"THANK YOU, 7GQA9E! AUDIENCE?"
"GO FORTH AND MULTIPLY!" the crowd shouted.
Thank fuck this bit is over!
She immediately took the cue to walk back down the runway to the stage. At the end she could see a handsome young man waiting for her.
Oh wow, he's gorgeous! I wonder what sort of cock he has?
What the fuck? What's wrong with you, Emily?
The thought surprised her. She should be feeling nothing outside of pure revulsion at what was to happen next. Instead, she had taken time out of the thoughts spinning around in her head to notice how good looking the man about to violate her was and wonder what his cock looked like. Normally she would never even consider a detail like that.
"'Present', 7GQA9E," he commanded.
Emily stood with her legs apart and hands behind her back until the man finally gave her the 'Come' command and led her away to the crowd's applause. She remembered to keep her hands behind her back as she followed him, feeling torn between relief at being off the stage at last, and terror at what was coming next. It took everything not to let her trembling show.
The man led her to a room backstage. As they entered, she was greeted by four other young men, already naked, who all looked up at her and smiled. She nervously smiled back and looked around the room. In the centre was the bed and all around were cameramen with big TV cameras, and studio lights with their weird umbrella-like attachments. She imagined this was what a porn set looked like.
Oh God, I'm about to become a porn star!
She noticed her escort in the corner taking off his tuxedo before he lay back on the bed and started masturbating himself to erection.
"Now is your time, 7GQA9E. Come couple with me," he requested with a smile.
The moment she had been dreading most of all had arrived. She wanted to feel reluctant. She wanted to feel like she should be running away, or collapsing into tears, or kicking them all in the balls while she screamed with rage. Or even just pass out from all of the anxiety. Her heart had been beating so hard for so long she didn't know why she hadn't already. Instead, the urge to touch herself, or to be touched, had become so overwhelming that she could now barely resist it. She needed sexual release and she needed all of this to be over. So, with the room full of men watching, she slowly walked towards the first who she would have sex with, climbed onto the bed, crawled over top of him to straddle his waist, and lowered her soaking pussy onto his rigid cock. She was so wet that he had no trouble sliding inside. Even though, in the back of her mind a tiny part of her felt sick and appalled she was actually doing this, she couldn't help but feel amazing. The man underneath her pushed up into her several times as she straddled him while the other four men watched as they masturbated themselves to erection. Just as she started to get into riding this stranger, the others moved into position on their knees around her. She arched her back as she leaned forward and saw a penis in front of her. Eagerly and without hesitating she took it into her mouth as she reached out to grab the two other hard cocks on either side of her as she continued to ride the first cock underneath. What was wrong with her? Suddenly, she felt something pressing against her ass and froze in place as the final member of her first gang bang nudged his hard penis against the entrance. It resisted at first, but she forced herself to relax. Her eyes rolled back into her head as she then felt him push inside. She heard herself let out a loud muffled moan around the cock inside her mouth. All of her holes were filled at once now. It was a sensation she'd never experienced, and while the one in her bottom was a little uncomfortable, she realised she was about to cum!
Oh God, I'm being gang banged by five complete strangers!
The orgasm caused her to attack the hard dick in her mouth with a fervour. Like Elizabeth, she also accidentally made herself gag as she took him deep into her throat. She could feel tears running down her face as a result, but she still wanted more. She pumped the two in her hands harder. She couldn't understand why she was so into this right now. It was like she was possessed. She could only assume it was the effects of that pill 4NR gave her. She was so horny now she couldn't stop herself. At the same time a tiny voice inside her head kept reminding her of who she was, and that she would have to face that woman again when this was all over.
Little did she know, but the graphic scene was being played on the big screen to the audience outside and being telecast live to millions more. She was so caught up in what was happening to her that she was barely aware of the cameramen moving around her to get close-ups of various body parts from different angles. She was now covered in sweat, her hair was a complete mess, and if she knew what the people watching this Earth's most popular worldwide show were seeing her do, she would have been horrified and maybe snapped out of the sexual haze that had taken complete hold of her. Maybe not, though. The pill seemed to be having a much stronger effect than she ever would have anticipated. She was completely lost in the moment, and she feared even if there were no walls around her, she would be doing the same thing.
She felt the man in her mouth cumming while she had his penis deep in her throat!
Oh God, he's not pulling out! I'm going to have to swallow it! Gross!
She'd never done that before, but in her current state of horniness it didn't seem to matter. She continued the action, instinctively swallowing his ejaculate in time with the throbs of his orgasm.
Next, she felt the man on her left cumming. He manoeuvred in close to her face so that his semen hit her left cheek. She turned her eyes to him and smiled. It seemed like an appropriate reaction in the moment.
She felt the one in her rear cum next. That was a first as well. The idea that so many things were happening for the first time, with hard cocks in each of her holes, drove her wild. She felt the man in her backside pulsating and his semen spurting deep into her as he thrust even deeper and harder. She felt herself push back against him. The sound of his hips clapping against her curvy butt cheeks filled the microphones in the room. She tossed her hair, moaning out loud with her eyes closed.
To her shock she could feel herself approaching another orgasm! She was past moaning now as two hard cocks continued pounding into her even as one of them was cumming.
"OH!"
"OH!"
"OH!"
And then, for the second time since this broadcast event started, she came. Hard. Spurred on by her ecstasy, the man on her right came after hearing her cry out in rhythm with the cocks grinding into her. He excitedly moved in closer so his cum sprayed onto her face. She was briefly aware of some of it landing in her hair as well.
Emily could feel the heat between her and the man beneath her as her sweaty thighs glided over his waist while his cock moved inside her. Finally, he came. She felt him suddenly push himself up deep inside her vagina while pulling her body down hard against his, as his cum pumping deep inside her steamy pussy.
A few moments after he finished, he gently raised her upright, so she was able to get off him.
It's over already?
"You have done well, 7GQA9E. Welcome to womanhood!" he congratulated.
Emily couldn't believe she'd gone through with it. This wasn't her. This went against everything she believed in. She felt guilty that she had shown such enthusiasm in the moment, and mortified that she had orgasmed. Twice!
She looked around at the men who had just defiled her as they started dressing again and was suddenly aware that she had semen all over her face, in her hair, inside her mouth, and even deep inside both of her wet holes. She imagined her makeup and mascara were probably everywhere, and she looked around for something she could wipe her face with.
"Just sit on the edge of the bed there please, 7GQA9E. Don't clean up just yet. We will be with you in a moment."
Emily looked up to see who was speaking to her. It was the man with the microphone she had seen earlier on the big screen talking to Elizabeth after her ordeal. His name was Jeff, if she recalled correctly, but she was still quite dazed and couldn't quite remember. He was listening intently to his earpiece with two fingers on his ear.
"Ok, we're on in 10 seconds," he announced to the room at large.
Another man counted down holding his fingers up as Jeff started walking towards her. A cameraman behind him following his every move, coming in for a closeup to ensure he captured Emily's freshly fucked look just right as he sat beside her on the bed.
"How does it feel to be finally part of society, 7GQA9E?" he asked and then pointed his mic at Emily. She wasn't sure how to respond.
"It feels great. That was quite an experience," she replied.
Well, that last part wasn't a complete lie…
"And what plans do you have now?"
Fuck, what do I say?
"Um… I'm looking forward to the future to do my bit, I guess. I still have to do my official deb training because we didn't have time for me to do it before today, so I guess I'll see how that goes."
"Yes, most women have very fond memories of their deb training. It is a time of great excitement for them."
"I'm looking forward to it," Emily replied.
Ok, that was a lie. I have no idea what to expect but assume it'll be full of sexist and degrading bullshit.
"Good for you, 7GQA9E. Ok, give us a big smile and wave to the camera. You are very beautiful, and I am sure you will do well in womanhood. Congratulations! Back to you, Tony."
"Thanks!" Emily replied as she did her best to smile as she waved to the camera as it drew back from her cum-soaked face.
"And we're out," announced the man who had counted them in.
"Now you can clean up, 7GQA9E," Jeff finally informed her with a smile. "And when you are ready, you are free to go home."
It's over? They're just… done with me?? Now that five men filled and covered me with cum, they expect me to just go hail a cab? What do they think I am? Why did part of me love all of this so much?
As the euphoria of her orgasm subsided and the intensity of the whole experience waned, reality came crashing down. Emily felt violated, dirty, disgusted, and ashamed all at once. The woman she knew she would have to face again afterwards had arrived. She needed to get clean. She needed to go home. She needed to cover herself. She looked around the room for something that would do the job and then realisation dawned that everything she had just done had just been the beginning, not the end. This was only her second day here and she might be stranded in this place for months or even years. Covering herself in any way, even in this moment of shame, wouldn't happen again now until she got off this awful planet and back to her own.
Oh God, please hurry up, Collingwood!
Bringing Collingwood to mind made her consider who she was and how she got here. On this Earth she wasn't a starship captain with a masters in aeronautical engineering and thousands of hours of flight training anymore. Here she wasn't even a person. She had no name, just a number on a degrading collar. She wasn't allowed to wear any clothes at all apart from shoes, she had to show her genitals in graphic detail on command, and she couldn't say no to a man's advances no matter who he was, where or when. She couldn't even have pubes! She had no bodily autonomy at all, no right to privacy, or even any right to dignity. Here she was just a sex object, constantly on display for men to ogle, use and abuse as they saw fit, and none of that would change for as long as she was stuck here. It was soul-destroying.
The women here seemed to actually enjoy their lot and didn't want for anything more. Maybe if she had been raised here as well none of this would be a problem, but she wasn't from here. She was from a place where women were treated very differently. Sure, it wasn't perfect, but it was always improving. As a starship captain she was respected amongst her peers. Well, apart from a few chauvinistic pigs, but even then, they still followed her orders. She almost missed the mild sexism and regular innuendo thrown her way. While it was irritating, it seemed so trivial now compared to what she would have to endure here. Short of getting a lobotomy, she couldn't see how she could ever accept and adapt to this new life for any length of time, knowing who she once was and the world she'd left behind.
She took a deep breath.
C'mon Emily. You're made of tougher stuff than this. This shit is just temporary and there are no other choices for you right now so just deal with it. Get your naked arse up and do what you gotta do. All the women here are naked. You're not gonna stand out. So, you're naked in a room full of clothed men now. So what? Let 'em look if they want. They saw a whole lot more than that just a few minutes ago.
She noticed a sink with a mirror on the far wall. Slowly she raised herself to standing and made her way to it.
She looked at herself in the mirror. Mascara had left tear-stained trails down her face from gagging, and there were patches of drying semen on her cheeks and in her hair. On camera they hadn't let her wipe it off, like it was all some sort of badge of honour. Back home though, people would think she was the worst kind of slut. She turned the tap on and started splashing water on her face.
4NR appeared beside her and handed her a washcloth.
"See, there was nothing to be nervous about. That was not so bad," she soothed. "You are a real woman now. I am so very proud of you."
Emily looked up at her in disbelief as she dabbed at her face and then forced a smile.
New life now, Emily. Time to harden up. You can let it destroy you or you can woman-up and show them you're not so easily beaten.
"Thanks, 4NR," she replied.
"You are welcome, 7GQ," 4NR replied.
Hearing her new name made Emily's heart sink even further. She felt dehumanised. It wasn't feminine. It wasn't masculine. It wasn't even a name at all. It was just a number. 'Emily' didn't exist here anymore.
As they walked out into the street to hail a cab, Emily looked down at her body and noticed she had semen on the inside of her thigh. She thought she had wiped it all off. It must have leaked out when she started walking. She noticed her breasts and stomach exposed for the world to see now. She had always been proud of her flat stomach. Now, though, it meant she could also see her denuded mound, as could anyone else who cared to look. She hated the way her breasts jiggled without a bra as well. She felt like such a slut walking about like this, especially after everything she'd just done. What made it so much worse was knowing that she had enjoyed it in the moment. Even now she could feel the horniness returning. That damn pill! She would never have taken it if she knew what it would make her do, but then she knew she had no choice about doing all of that stuff anyway so maybe it was a good thing?
Once back at 4NR's apartment, she spent at least an hour in the shower trying to feel clean again. She and 4NR then ate dinner at the same restaurant they had gone to for lunch earlier, along with some champagne to "celebrate the occasion". Then at last she was able to get into a real bed, but its comfort was lost on her. After removing the collar and putting it on the bedside table, she cried herself to sleep.