Beep beep beep bee... Alex hit the bottom on the timer and pulled the last of the appetizers, cheese stuffed mushrooms, from the oven. Everything was now ready for the watch party. He placed the mushrooms on the table with the rest of the snacks and drinks and kissed his wife Casey who was putting the last of the beer in the fridge. Alex ran his hand over her butt and gave it a squeeze.
"Hey! Don't get me worked up, people will be here any minute!"
Alex pulled his wife into him and they playfully made out for a moment. Their tongues danced and twirled around each other. Casey let out a quiet moan. Alex smiled and broke the kiss. He knew she was horny, the couple hadn't fucked in 3 days now thanks to stresses at work and prepping for this party.
"Are you sure we don't have time for a quickie? I could fuck you right here in the kitchen. You clearly need it" Alex pinched Casey's nipple through her apron. She moaned and smiled.
"I don't think our friends want to see that. Now stop getting me worked up and help me clean up real quick"
"Hey they might!" Alex said as he started collecting the trash.
...
The doorbell rang just shy of 10 minutes later. A crowd of people filed into the living room which was now full of hello hugs and introductions.
"Alex, Casey, this is my fiancé Tara. Tara this is my coworker Alex and his wife Casey"
"Woooow, and to think I've been calling us friends when I talk about you." Alex shook his head at his coworker Tyler then smiled and shook Tara's hand. "Nice to finally meet you!"
A few more friends filtered past. Alex spotted Steven, Casey's good friend from college. He was talking to a couple other mutual friends by the drink table. Alex and Casey had recently moved to the city and were still making friends in the area. This party was a good chance to meet some new people. Slowly everyone started migrating to the living room and claiming seats to catch the pregame. Casey brushed past Alex and discretely squeezed his cock before finding a spot on the couch. She looked back at her husband and winked. Alex busied himself until his erection subsided and then sat down beside his wife.
...
A quarter of the game had barely gone by when Casey started getting handsy with Alex. It wasn't uncommon behavior from her after a drink or two. Today though she was pulling out all the stops. She squeezed his cock as if to keep it on standby. She brushed her hands over his chest grazing his nipples. She leaned in and pushed her perky tits up against him. Alex was growing increasingly horny. Something was going to have to give, they were only a quarter of the way through the game!
...
The game was about halfway over when Casey went to the bathroom. She was a few more drinks in and despite being surrounded by friends she was incredibly horny. Her plan to get Alex worked up had somewhat backfired and elevated her horniness to a new level. Around the start of the 2nd quarter she started grinding into the seam of her jeans. She needed a cock inside her. Drinking normally made her horny but coupled with not having sex in days and Alex's teasing before the game she was a soaking mess. She sat down and released a torrent of pee. She imagined peeing on Alex. Desperate for more release she plunged her fingers into her pussy. She fucked herself for several minutes but couldn't find that elusive orgasm. She needed more. She needed a real cock. She pulled her tits out of her low cut shirt and propped her phone up on the sink with the camera app open. She hit record and went back to finger fucking herself. After 30 seconds Casey stopped, put herself back together, and saved the video.
She then sent a text to Alex: "Go into the kitchen and watch this and then come plow my pussy into the bed". Casey looked at herself in the mirror. Her face and tits were flushed partially from drinking and partially from her little masturbation session. She left the bathroom and stepped into the master bedroom right next door. Quietly she stripped off all her clothes and laid on the bed, ass in the air for her lover. She absent-mindedly fingered herself while awaiting his arrival.
Out in the living room the game was heating up. Alex looked down at his phone, read Casey's text, and saw a video attachment. His cock swelled in his pants. He knew is wife was horny, she was practically fucking her jeans in the 2nd quarter. Awkwardly, in an attempt to hide his now fully erect cock, he stood up and walked to the kitchen as he was instructed. He flipped open the video to see his wife fucking herself with her tits out like a slut in the bathroom. Alex groaned quietly, his cock strained against his jeans. He grabbed a few beers from the fridge so he didn't come back empty handed. He handed them out to the crowd, thankfully everyone was fully absorbed in the game. He kept two beers for himself and Casey and then walked back to the bedroom. He opened the door and nearly dropped the drinks. His wife was laying on the bed presenting her ass to him while one hand worked her clit. Quickly he closed the door behind him.
"Jesus Christ babe, you realize you can see into the bedroom from the bathroom right? What if someone was behind me?" He asked in a hushed tone.
Casey responded "I don't really care, I just need a cock. Please baby, I need it so bad."
"You really wouldn't care if our friends see you like this babe?" Alex asked, scheming a plan.
"I don't care if the entire town saw me like this. I just need to be pounded. You can use me however you want, baby, I'm all yours right now."
Alex had only seen Casey this horny a few times in his life.
"You'd do anything for a cock right now babe?"
"Yes, please, anything. My pussy is aching, I feel so empty. Do anything you want to me."
With that Alex started walking around the bed. One by one he pulled out the restraint straps connected to the bed frame and attached them to Casey's limbs. He stripped off his jeans and got behind his wife, her arms spread wide and restrained by the straps. Her legs were also restrained but her ass was still in the air. Alex leaned forward and pressed his tongue to Casey's exposed asshole. Casey let a low moan into the mattress. He swirled his tongue around her tight hole enjoying her moans. Finally he placed his entire mouth over her hole and gently sucked. His tongue snaked into her tight asshole still swirling in and out. Casey almost came from the sensation. She might have been in rare form but Alex was up for the task. All of her teasing had him ready to do nasty things to her. Alex started playing with his wife's clit with his free hand. His other hand was stroking his cock. Casey's moans were now constant and growing louder, she could only take so much stimulation. She couldn't squirm away from Alex's tongue as he lapped at her tight hole. All she could do was sit there and take it and try not to scream when she came.
Eventually Alex relented and sat back from his wife. He whispered into her ear "you did say I could do anything I wanted. Are you ready for my cock now?"
Casey whimpered "Uh huh."
With that Alex thrust his cock into his wife in one single motion. It took everything Casey had not to scream in pleasure. She loved the feeling of being opened up by a cock. Alex quickly found a fast rhythm. His cock was pounding in and out of his wife. He heard cheers from out in the living room and increased his pace and force. He was now slamming into his wife's pussy. He had abandoned all attempts at keeping the bed quiet and just hoped the game was intense enough to mask their sounds. Casey had also given up stifling her sounds and was now moaning on every thrust. She begged Alex to go harder, deeper and encouraged him to fill her pussy with cum. She was insatiable. The harder he fucked her the more she demanded to be fucked harder still. Finally an intense orgasm washed over Casey, who let out one long sustained moan for the duration of her climax. The mix of her buzz and lust meant she didn't care if people could hear her. Her orgasm and lack of restraint finally pushed Alex over the edge. He let out a groan and released the massive load of cum he had saved up over the last three days deep into his wife.
Alex removed his cock from Casey's now leaking pussy and got dressed. He knew that this version of Casey could take more pounding even still. And she did say she would do anything to be fucked. Alex rubbed her ass and gave it a light slap. Casey moaned in appreciation.
"Still need to be fucked baby?"
"Uh huh. Can you use the dildo in my nightstand?"
"I have a better idea. Remember you said I could do anything I wanted."
With that Alex opened the door and left without closing it. Casey had a brief moment of panic. Anyone who went to the bathroom would be able to see her tied to the bed, head down ass up.
"Alex!" Casey hissed. She was a mixture of pissed off at Alex and aroused at the thought of one of their guests finding her. She and Alex had discussed her exhibitionist streak but only as fantasies. She didn't think they would ever end up exploring it. Eventually her desire to be filled with a cock and pounded won out over nerves and Casey started hoping someone would find her. The anticipation of someone finding and using her started to build. She just wished she could try and pacify her needy pussy in the meantime.
...
The game was in the final stages when Alex returned to the living room. To his surprise the team everyone in his house was rooting for collapsed in the final quarter; it was unofficially over. Most of their guests had either left or were getting ready to leave. Alex said some goodbyes and rejoined the remaining crew in the living room. On the couch was Casey's friend Steven, his coworker Tyler, and Tyler's fiancé Tara. All 3 seemed sufficiently buzzed to Alex, since none of them apparently noticed their hosts disappearing for most of the second half. On top of that Tyler and Tara seemed to be getting frisky even with Alex and Steven right in front of them.
Steven spoke first "Alright, I'm gonna head out gang. Just gonna pee real quick and then catch the train back." He got up and made his way to the bathroom leaving Alex and the young couple to complain about the outcome of the game and work the next day.
...
Steven washed his hands and opened the door to the bathroom. As he did he looked across the hallway and immediately felt his cock stiffen. There, tied to the bed, was his friend Casey, completely naked, ass in the air. Steven debated quickly returning to the group but his buzz was giving him the courage to listen to his cock. He entered the room, leaving the door open. He could see that Casey was leaking cum, clearly Alex and her had some sneaky fun during the game.
"Of fuck, Steven. Shit. Can you untie me this is humiliating"
Steven rubbed his hand on Casey's round ass. Her body betrayed her and shuddered. Steven moved his hands closer to Casey's pussy and she let out a moan.
"Yeah I don't think so Casey. Seeing you like this has me a little worked up and it's been months since I've had a good fuck. Seems like we both could use a little release." His hand was now cupping her pussy, massaging her outer lips.
"Steven... oooooh... fuck.... Steven please just.... Fuuuuuuck..." Steven grinned.
"That's what I thought." He pulled off his pants and walked around to the head of the bed. He placed his cock in front of Casey. Casey's eyes widened, it was massive. Easily the biggest cock she's ever seen in person.
"If you really want me to leave, keep your mouth closed. But if you want my cock in your tight little asshole then start sucking it."
Casey didn't move for a few moments and then she opened her mouth. Steven pushed his cock inside forcing her mouth open a little more. Steven fucked her mouth gently until his cock was nice and slick with her saliva.
"Good girl"
He then went behind Casey and pushed his cock fully into her pussy. It felt tight around his thick cock and he could feel that it was full of cum. Casey let out a moan "Yesssss fuck me please. God stretch me with your cock"
After a few forceful strokes Steven pulled his cock out and pressed the tip into Casey's asshole. "Oooooh. Yes fuck my ass Steven. Just go slow at first." Steven worked his huge cock into Casey's tight asshole one inch at a time. She moaned the entire time he was entering her. Once he was completely in Steven started fucking her ass, slowly at first. One she got adjusted to his size he picked up pace until he was fucking Casey's ass with enough force to smack her ass on each thrust. Casey started moaning louder, she loved having her ass fucked. "Fuck me Steven. Fuck me. Fuck my ass. Oh fuck. Use me."
The trio in the living room heard Casey's ceaseless sounds of pleasure. Tyler and Tara looked shocked. Alex just smiled and flicked his head towards the bedroom. The trio went to investigate.
The scene they saw immediately sent blood rushing to Alex's cock. Casey was being absolutely pounded in the ass by her college friend. She was moaning uncontrollably begging him to fuck her harder, faster, and deeper. Begging him to fill her ass.
"Oh fuck" Tyler groaned. Tara was speechless as lust set in for the horny couple. Both Steven and Casey looked over at the group in the doorway. Steven started to apologize when Alex cut him off.
"You heard Case, don't stop fucking her. She needs this, don't you, Casey? Do you want Tyler and Tara to join you too?"
Casey nodded her head, still pressed to the bed.
"Tell us you want them to use you too" Alex encouraged his wife.
Casey didn't say anything.
"Come on baby, I can tell when you need a cock. You can tell us."
Finally Casey spoke up "Please fuck me."
"Come on Case, that wasn't very convincing"
"Okay, fuck! Please fuck me! Fuck my holes! Do whatever you want with me!"
Satisfied Alex nodded at the couple who were practically already undressing. Alex loosened the restraints a little so Casey could get onto her elbows. Tara took Tyler's cock into her mouth. He wasn't nearly as big as Steven but still a respectable size.
Once Tyler was hard and coated in Tara's saliva he got under Casey who was now still restrained but on her knees and elbows, legs spread. He pressed his cock into Casey's pussy.
"Not like she has a lot of bargaining power when she's tied up like a slut" Tyler said.
"Oh fuuuuuck yesssss". It felt good to be filled with a cock again, her third cock of the night. Casey was practically laying on top of Tyler and began grinding into his cock. Her clit was rubbing against him and his cock was pushing deep inside her against the upper side of her pussy. She grinded in a slow rhythm.
Before she could get too used to the feeling Steven positioned himself behind her again. Her asshole was opened up from their previous fucking. This made it easier for Steven to stuff his giant cock into his friend. Casey was overwhelmed with her first DP experience and came on the cocks that filled her.
"Yesss yesss yessss oh fuck I'm so full. Fuck me. Both of you. Fuck my tight holes."
Both men began fucking Casey with fervor. She was in heaven. This is what she needed all day. Two big cock pistoning out of her. Tyler's cock was pressing up against the top of her pussy right where Steven's huge cock filling her ass. She could feel the cocks slide past each other. It was unlike anything she'd ever felt before and she loved it.
Tara sat in front of Casey and gently gathered her hair. Once she had a nice handful she pulled Casey's head to her untrimmed pussy, which was soaked from the arousal of seeing her husband DP this woman she had just met today.
"You're not the only one who needs to cum sweetie. Be a good girl and lick my hairy slit"
Casey was so aroused she would have done anything in that moment but she didn't really have a choice right now. She could hardly think with the cocks fucking in and out of her. She explored Tara's pussy with her tongue. She could taste her arousal. Casey wrapped her whole mouth around Taras pussy and started fucking it with her tongue.
"Yeah tongue my cunt like the slut you are.... Fuck you're gonna make me cum in your face. You want me to cum on your face baby?"
Casey nodded her head up and down not even fully hearing the question.
Tyler shifted his position so that his head was perfectly under Tara. She lifted her butt up so Tyler could tongue her asshole while Casey continued to explore the recesses of her sopping wet pussy. Tara's eyes rolled back.
"Suck my clit baby, suck my clit. Yes, just like that. Oh fuuuuck I'm coming!!"
Tara yelled out as she shuddered on her fiancée's face, enjoying her strong orgasm from the two eager tongues.
This pushed Casey over the edge into euphoria. She came on the two cocks still pistoning in and out of her. At the peak of her orgasm she felt a warm rush from her pussy. All the drinks had filled her bladder back up and now the pee was being fucked out of her.
"Oooooooh my God.... I'm peeing... I'm sorry... huuuuuh... I can't help it... fuck I'm peeing.... Feels... so... good. Huuuuuuh"
Pee ran down both legs and onto the bed. It gushed out of her pussy onto Tyler. Casey was babbling incoherently about cocks, pee, and cum. She was completely overwhelmed by the sensations, the orgasm seemed never ending. The sight of Casey's orgasm and accident caused both Steven and Tyler to finally release their cum deep into their respective holes. In unison they pulled out causing cum to leak out of both of the thoroughly used holes. All 4 members of the impromptu gangbang stopped to catch their breath
Alex had been watching his wife get used by the group this entire time. He needed to fuck his wife desperately. First he needed to clear the group out. He had everyone clean themselves off in the shower and call an Uber. As the group was getting sorted out Alex untied Casey and stripped the sheets off the bed. Casey could barely stand. Alex got her a towel to wrap herself in and told her not to shower. He got Case a Gatorade and went back to the living room to make sure everyone got their rides.
Finally Alex returned to the bedroom after everyone had left.
"Can you take one more cock tonight. I need to cum after watching that"
Casey smiled, her buzz was mostly gone at this point. She just want wanted to fuck her husband and take a nap.
"Yes please, just put a blanket down on the bed"
Alex prepped the bed for sex and then went back to his wife. He rubbed her shoulders a little bit. Casey let out a few sighs.
"Okay love, come on" Alex said as he picked up his wife. She looked so beautiful in his arms. He placed her on the bed. Casey started lazily tugging on his cock to get it ready for her cum filled pussy. She wanted one last cock for the day. Alex let out a groan. He was also wiped out for the day. His cock just needed some release before napping with his wife. His cock was now standing rigid in Case's hand. He folded her legs back over his shoulders and slowly entered his wife face to face for the first time in days. Casey let out a soft deep moan. She had enjoyed the chaos of the gangbang but now she needed this intimate slow fucking from her husband. They giggled and kissed each other. Casey was still filled to the brim with cum and stretched from earlier. In a weird way Alex enjoyed the sensation. He was enjoying her loose grip on his cock on each thrust. He knew it felt wrong but that just made it hotter to him. Alex thrust his cock deep inside his wife and then bent in for a passionate kiss. The couple made out for a moment before Alex resumed his steady rhythm.
"Fuck baby, can you handle one more load today?"
Casey smiled "Anything for you love, like I said"
Alex held his steady pace.
"I want you to cum with me"
Casey started massaging her clit, building to one last orgasm. She could tell Alex was close, his cock was ready to cum. She increased the pace of her hand. She started breathing heavier.
"Fuck baby, cum inside me. Fill me one last time. I want your cum in me"
Alex groaned. He couldn't hold on any longer, his wife's open pussy felt so good.
"Huuuunnhhh fuck I'm cumming baby. I'm filling you."
Cum erupted into Casey's pussy for the 3rd time tonight. The feeling of Alex's spamming cock brought Casey to her final orgasm too.
"Huuuuuuuuuh fuck Alex"
The couple collapsed on the bed exhausted. After a few moments Alex suggested a shower together. They got cleaned off and ready for bed. Alex put new sheets down for them. They crawled into bed, Alex spooned his wife, and they drifted off to sleep.