[To the reader: The places described in this story are real places, and people with the names I have chosen to use no doubt exist in those places. But, alas, what follows is fiction. It would be fun if it weren't. Nevertheless, I hope you enjoy.]
*****
"You're sure I'm not imposing, right?" I asked. "It would be great to see you again and meet your wife, but if it is any inconvenience at all for either of you, I wouldn't want to—"
"No, no! No trouble, bud!" he interrupted. "We'll be back in town by then, and Kerri will love it that our guest room will finally get used. This'll be great!"
"Okay, I'll see you on Friday then. Probably right around 6:00 or so."
"Fantastic! I look forward to it. Have a safe trip, man!"
I signed off and hung up the phone.
Brett, the person on the other end of the call, was an old college buddy of mine that I hadn't seen in ... well, I guess it would be almost six years now. When we graduated, he went one way and I went another, and though we crossed paths on Facebook once in a while, both of us had come to see that FB was mostly just an effective time drain, so even that contact was infrequent. All I knew was that he was now married and living in Dayton, Ohio.
Back when we were both at USC, he and I hung together a lot, engaged in the activities typical of young males in college, most of them involving alcohol and women. In actuality, it would be more accurate to say "I hung with him" rather than vice versa. Brett was one of those guys blessed with a natural and irrepressible charisma that made him a people magnet. He had a confident ease around anyone who happened to be in his path. He was also one of those rare guys who could get away with draping his arm over the shoulder of anyone—male or female—even someone he had just met. You felt like an old friend almost instantly. Most men who came on that strong to a woman would likely get pushed away or even slapped. Not Brett. The worst reaction I ever witnessed was a blush.
That was the positive side, anyway. The flip side was that his confidence and social fearlessness would wear others out. Being continually drenched in Brett's boundless enthusiasm and energy was draining. He possessed such an overpowering personality that talking to him directly really meanthewas talking toyou;you were lucky to get a few words in periodically. Even normally talkative people seemed reserved by comparison when he was around. Yet—and this is where his natural charisma and likableness came into play—no one seemed to hold that against him. "It's just how he is" we would all say.
This "flip side" was the reason that when we talked on the phone just now, I hadn't told him I was going to be moving to Dayton. I just told him I'd be in town for a quick visit. I hadn't lied, actually, because in fact I was just flying in very early on Friday and would be flying back out on Saturday. I just left out the part that I'd be back in Dayton permanently within a few weeks because my company was transferring me there. I figured I'd wait until I had a chance to reconnect with Brett in a very limited way before deciding whether to divulge that I'd soon be living nearby. I'd play that by ear once I got there.
Yet, I realized Iwasanxious to see him again. Part of it was curiosity about whether he was the same now as he was then. Plus, I could use a liberal dose of exuberance right now.
I grew up and completed all my years of school in southern California, and while I'd certainly ventured outside that home base many times on vacation and business trips, I never envisioned myselflivinganywhere else. Now my employer had other plans. Yes, it was a good opportunity: I would be managing a tax accounting division nearly 25 CPAs strong, I'd have my own administrative assistant, and I'd be making significantly more money than I had been. It was a great career move, one I couldn't really turn down if I were to have any future with this company.
But it was in Dayton. Only those Americans living under a rock don't know about the recent tragic event that occurred in this midwestern city, and it isn't the type of event that evokes a warm fuzzy feeling about moving there. Even ignoring that aspect, I'd have to leave behind the climate, the ocean, my family, season tickets to the Trojan games, the famous tanned California girls in tiny bikinis ... all the familiar things I had grown up with, and move to a smallish city in the middle of nowh—well, Ohio. Really? Except what I'd heard in the news recently, I didn't know a thing about it. And I didn't know anybody who lived there.
Except Brett. Who now had a wife I'd soon get to meet, so if you'll allow me to exaggerate and include her, that brought the total to two. Yes, a dose of Brettian ebullience would be welcome.
In truth, I also wondered about his wife—Kerri, I guess he said—knowing it would take a special kind of woman to be around Brett on a full-time basis. Then again, maybe she had tamed him. It would be interesting to see. [Reader: Remember that last sentence. I had no idea at this point how much of an understatement it was to be.]
The quick trip there and back before I officially moved was to give me a chance to see the Dayton offices of IBK (my employer) and meet the people I'd be working with and managing. Then it was back to California to wrap up my last couple of projects in the Santa Ana office, and pack up my stuff for the move.
That's probably all the background you need for the rest of this story to make sense.
---------
The following Friday I flew in to Dayton International Airport, then spent the rest of the day rubbing elbows with the IBK accounting staff that would soon be reporting to me. A few people I'd soon be working closely with were unfortunately out of the office, including my immediate manager, who had planned to be there, but a death in his family—a father-in-law, I think—meant he had to be out of town unexpectedly. It was vacation season, so it wasn't surprising in a group that big that not everyone was there, particularly on a Friday in July. Nevertheless, I was impressed with the ones I did meet. It came as a surprise to me, but Dayton is big in biotech. And of course those companies need good tax accounting support, so that's a good thing for my new team and me.
At about 5:15 I joined the Friday afternoon exodus from the office (I'm pretty sure some of them stuck around that long to impress me with their dedication) and caught an Uber to the address Brett had given me. I mentally switched gears on the way, leaving accounting behind. I had expended a lot of mental energy, so I was looking forward to relaxing and catching up a bit with my old friend.
When I got there, Brett came bounding out of the house to greet me. I was just barely out of the car before he wrapped me in a big bear hug.
"Hey, bud!" he gushed. "Great to see you!"
Yes, this was the Brett I remember. Occasionally he might actually address someone by their real name, but most of the time men were "bud" and women were "baby." It all sounded so friendly and natural coming out of his mouth—kind of like those waitresses we've all encountered at some point that call everyone "honey"—that not even the women were put off by it.
I greeted him back, waved a thank you to the Uber driver, and Brett steered me toward the house. As we did so, his wife (I assumed that anyway ... who else could it be?) came out to greet me as well. She was barefoot and wearing a pair of those ubiquitous black leggings that it seems every American woman owns, along with a cropped tee shirt with "Wright State" emblazoned on the front. (I'd discovered earlier in the day that a number of my new co-workers had degrees from that local university.) The shirt left quite a bit of her slim, tight midsection exposed. On the right woman, an outfit like that can look great ... and let me make this clear: She was most definitely the right woman. Her curves were all in the right places, that's for sure. Her hair was kind of an auburn-red color, with casual, loose curls that some describe as the "beach" look. On the basis of looks at least, Brett had married well.
Kerri appeared to be a tiny bit more reserved than Brett, but only just a little. She approached me with a beaming smile.
"Welcome to Dayton! Brett has been so excited that you were coming to visit that he could hardly sit still all week!" she laughed. While she was still laughing, she gave me a hug. "It's so good to meet you!"
"I'd like you to meet my wife, Kerri," Brett said.
"You're too late, Brett. I think I just did!" I said, to which they both laughed in response. "I appreciate the warm welcome. I've been looking forward to this myself." As you know, that last part wasn't 100% true, but it seemed appropriate to say anyway.
"Speaking of warm, let's move this inside, shall we?" Brett interrupted. "It's sweltering out here." Itwaslate July in Ohio, after all. So, yes, in an air-conditioned space is generally the right place to be.
Kerri led the way, followed by me, then Brett. This gave me an opportunity to admire her lovely backside without it being obvious. Nice. Sorry, but a man's brain just naturally and quickly progresses from that sight to thinking about what delights must lie just underneath that thin sheath of fabric that showed no panty line. But I caught myself. This was my friend's wife, after all, and I didn't have any right to be thinking this way. Still, I envied him at that moment.
Once in the house, Kerri kept walking and disappeared around a corner. Brett put his hand on my shoulder from behind.
"I hope you don't mind, bud, but I promised Ker [he pronounced it "Care"] we'd go dancing tonight. We're just back from visiting my family in Maryland, and it was a little payback for the time she had to spend with my mom, if you know what I mean." He chuckled. "She justlovesto dance, so I told her we'd finish off our short vacay that way." He paused, then looked a little more serious. "I was going to get you a date, but figured that wasn't a good thing to spring on you on short notice."
I had been on couple of blind dates before, and both had lived up to the poor reputation that blind dates generally have. Still, if Kerri had a sister that looked like she did ...? Nah. Probably not.
"Not a problem, Brett," I said, feeling a little disappointed but doing my best not to show it. A night by myself in front of the TV is an activity I was familiar with, but I didn't fly half way across the country just for that. "You two go and enjoy yourselves, and I can relax here."
"Oh, no way! You're coming with us," Brett exclaimed.
"I don't want to be third wheel," I responded. "I'm sure Kerri would enjoy the time more without a stranger tagging along."
Brett smiled. "Hey, I appreciate your thought process, bud, but you don't know Kerri. She doesn't know any strangers." He chuckled. "There is no such word in her vocabulary, I don't think."
I was still dubious about being a tag along. "You're sure she feels that way?" I asked.
"Absolutely!" he responded. "As a matter of fact, by the time the night is over, she will have danced with probably half the guys at the club where we're going. She wears me out, so I have to spread the wealth!" He smiled again. "With you there she'll have one more dance partner!"
Dancing wasn't at the top of my list of favorite activities, but I could do it with the right incentive. Maybe a little dancing would be fun. (I would have to keep it gentlemanly, of course, knowing it was most likely that my only dance partner for the evening would be my friend's wife. My friend's very hot wife, that is.)
"If you're sure," I said.
"Terrific!" Brett responded, taking that as an affirmative answer. "We'll have a great time, bud!" He pulled his smartphone out of his pocket and consulted it as he continued talking. "We need to leave in, um, let's see ... like about 30 minutes or so. Traffic can be heavy in that direction on a Friday night." He nodded toward the hallway. "Here, let me show you the guest room where you'll be tonight. Ker is already getting ready, and I need to take a quick shower before we go. I don't mean to welcome you here then ignore you, but we'll have a chance to talk later. We have a few years to catch up on, right, bud?"
I nodded and followed.
---------
Actually, we didn't have much of a chance to talk later, at least for a while. We drove their little Mini Cooper convertible. It's a fun car, but with the top down and zipping through traffic, not conducive to conversation unless you feel like shouting at each other.
Nor did conversation get much easier once we got inside the club, where the loud music basically precluded it most of the time. Gesturing worked better. It was a live band playing, so there were sometimes breaks between songs when you could talk at a fairly normal level and be heard, but the rest of the time it was too much work to communicate. Fortunately, Kerri provided plenty of entertainment, in the form of eye candy.
But let me back up, because I left some very important details out. You see, when we were still back at the house, it didn't take me long to get ready, so I just went back out to the living room to wait. Brett and Kerri came out together just before the time Brett had told me we needed to leave. Honestly, though, I hardly noticed Brett because I was too busy noticing Kerri ... and I guess it showed.
"Hey, bud, you might want to wipe that drool off your mouth," Brett said to me, then laughed, slapping me gently on the back. Then he addressed his wife. "I think that means your outfit has his approval too, baby. I believe that makes it unanimous."
"Uh, oh, I'm ... I'm very sorry, I didn't mean to stare," I stuttered, embarrassed. I'm sure my face was reddening. "It's just, well, she looks, I mean, you look amazing, Kerri. That outfit looks great on you."
"Looks great?!" Brett guffawed. "Just tell her she looks totally hot, because that's a more accurate description!" He chuckled again. Clearly he wasn't upset by my reaction to his wife.
"Brett, give the guy a break," Kerri interjected, coming to my defense, and giving her husband a gentle elbow. "He's our guest!" Apparently she wasn't offended by my reaction either. She turned to me with a smile. "I'm flattered, and I'm glad you like it. I consider drooling a compliment," she said, then giggled.
When I describe what she was wearing, maybe you'll understand my reaction. [To set the record straight, I feel the need to point out that I wasn't literally drooling. They were just giving me a hard time. But you could hardly blame me if I had.]
Her outfit—what there was of it—was all black. Starting upward from the floor, first came her tall stiletto heels with straps around her ankles, followed by a vast expanse of leg. [And what legs they were! You don't see many stems so perfect as these, except maybe when the Trojan cheerleaders are bouncing around the sidelines.] Above that was a tight miniskirt, then another stretch of feminine skin both above and below her belly button, which was adorned with a delicate little pendant ... like a dangling diamond earring but in the wrong place. [I'd think it would tickle when she moved, and I can attest that that part of her body did a great deal of moving over the next few hours. But, hold on, we haven't gotten to that part of the story yet.] Her top was a scoop-neck vest hanging loosely from her shoulders. The left and right sides of the front didn't meet in the middle of her chest; instead, there was a three-inch gap there, spanned by several gold chains that functioned to hold it in place. The top and inside curves of her breasts were clearly on show from directly in front, and would be even more so when viewed from other angles. When Kerri turned away from me, I realized that the vest had no back ... four longer chains matching the ones in front crisscrossed her back in kind of a modified 'X' pattern. To call her outfit "daring" would be accurate, but I would stop short of calling it "slutty," if for no other reason than she was beautiful and carried herself with class. [Okay, I'm a guy, and I can think that way if I want to. Even though her skirt was short enough that it would be challenging for her to sit down without accidently revealing the promised land ... not that I would even think of looking, of course.]
From a man's perspective (at least from mine, and I know I'm not alone) the real allure of a backless dress on a woman is evident enough when you think about it, but I feel compelled to point it out anyway. Other than revealing skin that is often reserved for the beach or the pool, there is nothing taboo or scandalous about a woman showing that part of her body. Mind you, a woman's back from the top of her hips to her shoulders is quite beautiful, as exemplified by the one I was looking at at that moment. But as I said, one can see plenty of bare backs at a beach—many with just a single strap or tie across the middle—without it causing the brain's voyeur neurons to kick into a frenzy. Those clever neurons know that the presence of the strap or string indicates another part of the swimsuit is also present and most likely performing its assigned task: covering those diverse and interesting features on a woman'sfrontside that have almost a magnetic pull on the eyes of males of our species. In other words, her boobs are covered. Move along. Nothing to see here.
It's different with a backless dress, however. Those same astute brain cells quickly recognize there is no bra strap and no place to hide one, so the wearer is almost certainly braless (unless she's cheating and wearing those ghastly stick-on silicone things). Signals immediately go out to other parts of the brain, putting it on high alert, and it begins watching for confirmation—a little extra jiggle, maybe even a little bump advertising the position of a nipple just beneath the topmost layer of fabric—and all the neurons give each other high fives when the braless state is confirmed. In the current case, I already had 95% of the required confirmation; there was no place that straps could possibly be hidden, and while Kerri wasn't busty enough to be falling out of her vest or flopping wildly from side to side, let's just say that it was apparent that no hidden force or device was curtailing their natural motion. There was quite a bit of high fiving going on in my grey matter right then.
My thought process (which occurred in roughly 1.5 seconds) was interrupted by Brett.
"Ker likes cutting loose once in a while, 'cause at work she always has to be prim and proper, you know."
"Or at least give that appearance!" Kerri added, then snickered.
Brett chuckled at that comment. "Yeah, what people don't know doesn't hurt them!" he said, smiling at her. "But on the dance floor, therealKerri comes out!" He pulled her into his arms and planted a kiss on her lips. Kerri returned the kiss—not a quick peck, but like one out of a movie—while his hands migrated down her bare back and began gently kneading her ass, which caused her to break the kiss and twist away.
"Save that for later, tiger," she scolded, but with obviously no ire. "We have a guest!" She glanced at me with an apologetic, "boys will be boys" look, then turned and bent to pick up a clutch purse from the chair beside her. I noticed that Brett watched her movements with the same attention that I did. Much like a wolf eyes a lamb.
Though when I observed their kiss I definitely felt like the third wheel that I thought I might, I didn't want to miss tagging along with them now. It would be difficult to overdose on gazing at a sexy vision like Kerri. I'm not one to pass on an invitation to witness a few "oops moments" when attentive eyes might see a part of a beautiful woman that was usually not intended for public consumption, and do it as an official and bona fide guest. I'd have a front row seat.
I hadn't forgotten that Kerri was someone else's wife, but it was apparent to me even at this very early stage that she wasn't reserved in displaying the womanly charms she possessed in such abundance. And importantly, her husband wasn't hesitant to let her share them. I guess Brett's innate charisma and social ease also made him fearless, which in turn precluded any feelings of jealousy. Though I wasn't planning on taking any undue liberties [well ... except with my eyes] as a result of his lack of possessiveness—hewasmy friend, after all—I would be happy to take anything that was freely offered.
"Come on, we'd better go. We can stop on the way to pick up something quick to eat." That was Kerri, quite obviously anxious to start her night of dancing. She headed out the door. Brett and I both stood and watched her exit. Wow, that woman really knows how to carry herself.
Brett looked at me with a knowing smile and winked, as if to say, "This promises to be great night. Just you wait and see." At least that's what it conveyed to me. [Looking back now, it was great night indeed. Keep reading.]
"You heard the lady. Ready?" he said.
I smiled back and nodded, then followed him out the door.
---------
Their two-door Mini has a back seat, but works best for a few groceries or people without legs. Brett was driving, so I offered to crawl in the back, but Kerri insisted on doing that because she was smaller. While I couldn't dispute the physical size argument, I thought she might be uncomfortable being back there because of what she was wearing. I was wrong.
"Are you sure, Kerri?" I asked. "I'd be happy to sit back there. I'm, um, dressed for climbing in and out more than you are." I couldn't help doing a quick scan up and down her body to emphasize the point.
She smiled and brushed her hand down from my shoulder to my elbow. "Oh, you're thoughtful, but no, I insist. I'll fit in that space more easily than you will." She bounced happily around to the driver's side where Brett opened the door and flipped his seat forward so she could step in behind it. I was standing next to the door on the passenger side, watching. [Closely. Just like a gentleman would do, right?]
The convertible top was already down, so my short-term hostess didn't need to bend really low. Shedidneed to lift her leg up fairly high, though, to step in with those high heels of hers. Had Kerri looked at me as she was doing this, I would have looked away; since she wasn't paying any attention to me, focused instead on her entry into the small space, I took advantage. Her initial high step rewarded my attentiveness with a quick flash of color in her crotch. A moment later as she stooped, shuffled, then sat, her loose vest drooped away from her chest, and my eyes glimpsed the final and conclusive proof of her braless state: a deep pink nipple momentarily peeked out.
Kerri ended up turning sideways in the seat, with her back up against the side of the car behind me, her feet on the floor behind Brett. She reached down and adjusted her skirt, tugging the hem down in that well-practiced feminine maneuver, because it had ridden up while she was getting settled. That meant Brett probably would have had even a more intimate view than I did, but he didn't seem to notice. Too bad I couldn't have been on both sides of the car at once. I could have enjoyed it on his behalf.
On the trip to the club, Brett pointed out some local sights along the way and told me a little about Dayton, including that it was therealbirthplace of aviation because the Wright brothers were from Dayton, even though Kitty Hawk, NC, got most of the glory. I let him talk, just absorbing my surroundings a bit, knowing I'd be living here before too long. I hadn't divulged that yet, as you know, still waiting for the right opportunity.
I couldn't actually see most of Kerri because she was sitting behind me, but when I turned my head toward Brett I could see her legs behind him. One foot still rested on the floor, but she had moved the other up onto the seat, and her shoe was missing from that foot, so she must have unbuckled and removed it when I wasn't paying attention. While this wouldn't be considered unusual had she been wearing shorts or jeans, her position—if you recall my description of the brevity of her skirt—would have made for interesting viewing for someone at the right angle.
And there were most definitely eyes at the right angle. Driving down some multi-lane streets as we were, we both passed and pulled up beside other vehicles on that side when Brett stopped at stoplights. There was also the trip through the drive-up at Wendy's when we grabbed that quick bite Kerri had mentioned earlier. I noticed the guy at the window glanced in the back seat a few more times than might ordinarily be expected. Something there caught his eye, and judging solely from the position of her legs, I could totally empathize. It looked to me like Kerri made no attempt to cover up. I also didn't know at this point if she was aware of her one-man audience, but she gave no indication she was concerned about it at all.
---------
At the club, for the next few hours, I watched as Kerri danced. This is to say, I watched her prance, dip, twist, grind, shimmy, shake, swirl, gyrate, sway, spin, wiggle, writhe, slink, and generally move her body in the most delightful ways. Brett was right: Kerri loved to dance. Sometimes it was with arms-in-the-air-and-hair-flying abandon. At other times, it was steamy and sultry, gazing seductively at her dance partner with a "wouldn't you just love to fuck me" look.
Brett was her most frequent dance partner, but I also had several turns, which brought me "up close and personal," as the saying goes, with my friend's wife.
In case you're wonderinghowclose and personal, I'd just have to say that Kerri was slightly more reserved with me than she was with her husband ... but with him she wasn't reserved at all. I was the recipient of the sultry-but-coy looks just as he was, as Kerri teased us both with her overt sexuality. I'll admit I'm a sucker for exposed feminine skin, which she displayed liberally, but in case I might have missed some that would have been otherwise covered, she remedied that by bending over toward me a few times, causing her chain-suspended vest to droop away from her chest, granting me a view of nipples jutting beyond the contour of her breasts—unmistakable even in the dim light of the dance floor. On one of those occasions I know Kerri recognized where my eyes were focused, but her response was a grin and a wink before she rotated and the vest returned to its assigned position.
For me, all this was pleasure, butguiltypleasure, like I was sneaking cookies from someone else's cookie jar without permission. In a sense, permission had been suggested by Brett's complete lack of jealousy, and Kerri's uninhibited contortions around me. The only part of her body I hadn't devoured with my eyes was the small portion covered by her skirt ... and at one point in our dancing she had even backed up to me and rubbedthatpart rather intimately against me, triggering a predictable (but still guilty) response between my legs. My penis apparently didn't share the same apprehension that my conscience did.
But despite having granted myself permission to drink in and enjoy all the visual delights that Kerri was offering, I felt constrained by the fact that Kerri was someone else's wife. The ring she wore on her hand was not one I had given her. My eyes were participating fully in the experience, but the rest of me resisted.
Brett, on the other hand, obviously felt no such constraint. When the two of them danced together, his body was fully involved. And his hands roamed. From my vantage point, sitting just off the edge of the dance floor, I could detect no sign of objection from Kerri. At one point, they were essentially dry humping on the dance floor. Brett was grasping the sides of her hips and—whether it was the natural movement of the dance that was causing it, or whether it was intentional on his part, I couldn't be sure—her skirt was rising even higher. More of her thighs were gradually revealed until it seemed the panties I had glimpsed earlier must surely come into view at any moment. But the skirt's ascent stopped when Brett's hands moved from Kerri's hips to the bare skin of her belly and began to move upward.
At this point, Kerri, who had been bent at the waist and no doubt flashing other nearby dancers the same view I had recently enjoyed, straightened up against Brett, then reached one hand up behind his head and pulled it down to where their lips could meet in an over-the-shoulder kiss. His hands, meanwhile, continued upward, disappearing beneath her vest. Though the front panels mostly hid his hands, they couldn't hide the movement beneath them, nor could they conceal the angle of his arms or the fingertips in the gap between her boobs. To anyone watching it was quite evident where his hands were.
[And speaking of anyone watching, when I tore my eyes away from that scene for a few moments to scan around the club, it was plain I wasn't the only one caught up in it. Some male eyes were gawking, as mine had just been; others were glancing more discreetly, no doubt because they were accompanied by their dates or wives. The reactions of the women in the crowd were (predictably, based on my experience) more mixed: some seemed oblivious, some watched and smiled, some looked on with disdain ... but still looked on. There was no shortage of audience.]
Once again I felt the pangs of envy I had felt earlier. It was vicarious, of course, but I could feel Kerri's supple boobs cradled in my hands, her hardened nipples pressing into my palms. Ah, what power our imaginations possess.
Eventually Brett and Kerri broke their kiss, he removed his kneading hands, she turned around to face him, and they continued with another phase of their unscripted dance routine. I noticed that throughout the racy phase that just ended, somehow Kerri was still successful in making it look like a dance, not a groping session. Well, mostly successful.
Not long after that, they took a break and joined me on the sidelines. Brett sat across the low table from me, and Kerri planted herself crosswise on his lap. Brett hugged her loosely from the side, while she brought her arm around his back and idly ran her fingers through his hair. We chatted, or attempted to, over the music. Kerri was decidedly in her element here. She did indeed love to dance, yes, but I was beginning to see it was more than that. I already knew that Brett was comfortable being in the spotlight, but I think Kerri also reveled in the attention she drew. Displaying her body fanned the flames. The audience didn't make her self-conscious, it energized her. She was almost giddy with excitement as she squirmed in Brett's lap.
Suddenly, Brett started tickling her ribs. Kerri shrieked and clamped her arms to her sides, laughing, and when she did that, he tipped her backward, cradling her with his arm behind her back. Instinctively she kicked her legs outward and up to balance herself, and the laughter turned back to a shriek again. Brett silenced that shriek, though, by leaning down and planting his lips on hers. She responded by wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him down closer to her. With her legs up and parted like that, anyone in the right position on the dance floor would have been treated to an enticing view up Kerri's skirt ... at least they would have, had it not been for Brett's hand in the way. It wasn't a chivalrous act on his part to protect her modesty, though. You see, it took just one of his arms to cradle her and prevent her from falling over backward, which left the other free for other purposes. The purpose he had in mind—and carried out—was to run his hand up the inside of her thigh, not stopping until his fingers were fully underneath her skirt.
[Most everyone in the US, maybe most of the world, has seen the iconic V-J Day kiss photo, where the sailor, ecstatic over the end of the second world war, is celebrating by kissing the girl in Times Square. What was playing out in front of me now was kind of like a seated version of that. Only rated PG-13.]
The flexing of the tendons in the back of Brett's partially covered hand hinted of finger movement, and once again I gave myself permission to imagine what he might be feeling under there. Kerri arched her back in response, returning his kisses with a new aggressiveness. I couldn't hear it over the band and the beat, but felt sure I couldseeher moaning. His fingers must have been having an effect. [Now that I reflect back on it, that action was probably beyond PG-13.]
Eventually he brought her back to an upright position, and Kerri stood and tugged the hem of her skirt down. She bent and whispered something to Brett, who nodded, then playfully swatted her lovely behind as she walked away. "Ladies' room," he mouthed to me. I nodded.
Normally, I would have been tempted to blame at least some of their over-the-top behavior on alcohol. It is known to engender behavior that stretches a person's normal sense of propriety. But unless they were somehow drinking when I wasn't looking (and I had been closely watching the female half of the pair for essentially the entire night to this point), neither had consumed that much. I hadn't either. It is fair to say we each had enough to be mellow, but mellow doesn't describe how they were acting. I was beginning to see that she ... well, "they" is more accurate ... seemed to be quite accustomed to bringing what would normally be considered bedroom behavior outside those confines. What I was witnessing was not just PDA: Public Display of Affection. This was more like PDF: Public Display of Foreplay.
When Brett's better half came back to our table, she had someone else in tow, quite literally. Kerri was pulling a blonde by the hand, as the shorter girl behind her struggled to keep up. Both wore big smiles, though, so apparently the towee wasn't being dragged against her will.
"Look who I found!" Kerri announced to Brett with excitement in her voice, then she turned to me and introduced me to "her dancing friend" Mandy. I was surprised when Mandy reached out with both arms to pull me into a hug, then she gave a longer one to Brett. They (she and Brett) appeared to know each other already.
Mandy's outfit was more casual than Kerri's, because she was wearing a light blue tank top, jean shorts, and boots. A better description is called for, though, because your mental image will probably change when I fill in the details. Her tank fit loosely, scooping low in front, and had deep arm holes that extended down to the bottom of her ribs. She was exposing a dangerous amount of side boob ... not that I'm afraid of danger like that. But what I noticed most when Kerri introduced her was that the material was thin. Very thin. Mandy's areolae and nipples were behind that thin cloth, but it really wasn't up to the task of hiding them very well, nor could it hide the outline of the barbell piercing in her left nipple. [But, after all, why wear jewelry if no one can see it? I liked her way of thinking.] I'll admit that seeing a woman's nipples press and distort the fabric of her top is one of my turn-ons; I think that is one of the sexiest things on earth. So Mandy's tank (actually, the woman in it) definitely caught my eye.
Her denim shorts were the distressed style, where rips and thin spots allow peeks at skin that would normally be covered. When she reached up to hug Brett, it accentuated how short they were, revealing the beautiful junction where leg meets ass cheek, and also revealing the fact that there were lateral rips crossing the lower portion of both cheeks. Her lovely skin was peeking out from underneath. There was no sign of panties through any of the various portholes, so I had to assume she was wearing a thong [or nothing?]. That view was difficult to find fault with, too.
And Mandy's boots weren't just boots. These were b-o-o-t-s. They extended perhaps 3" or so above her knees. It's interesting how they drew attention to the exposed skin between the top of the boots and the bottom of her shorts, and made it look totally scandalous.
"We're going to dance a little bit while you guys take a breather, okay?" That was Kerri speaking.
Brett grinned. "Well, make sure you two don't do anything I wouldn't do!"
Kerri rolled her eyes. "Likethatwill be really hard," she smirked, then leaned forward and gave him a kiss. Mandy giggled, then grabbed Kerri's hand and headed toward the dance floor, apparently eager to get started.
Kerri followed, but only took one step before stopping abruptly. "Oh! Wait a minute, Mandy! Stop." There was some concern in her voice, and she grabbed her friend's arm to stop her. "Hold still. Don't move!"
Mandy stopped where she was and looked back over her shoulder. "What? What's wrong?"
Kerri bent over slightly, looking down at the back of Mandy's shorts, then reached down and put her hand on them. Mandy, seeing her gaze and feeling Kerri's touch, asked again, "What is it? Did I sit in something?" She also reached back to brush the back of her shorts.
Kerri caught her hand and answered in a serious tone. "Just hold still. There's something—" She paused to look closer, then added, "Oh. There. Don't worry, I'll get it."
Mandy looked worried now, frozen in place. Probably she had visions of a bug or spider crawling on her, any woman's nightmare. Worse, there were gaping holes down there where a little multi-legged invader could escape, and the thought of that possibility was awful indeed. I didn't see anything, but Kerri must have.
Kerri pressed three fingers through one of the horizontal slits in the back of Mandy's shorts, and onto the bare skin underneath. Mandy chirped, startled by the sudden intrusion in an intimate area, but held still. Brett and I watched with interest as Kerri used her other hand to widen the slit and hold it open, while her fingers caressed the delectable area she exposed. After perhaps five seconds of this, Mandy spoke. "Hey, girl, what are youdoingback there?"
"Oh!" responded Kerri. "My mistake! I thought I saw something ... but turns out it was only my fingers on your ass!" She cracked up and swatted Mandy on the derriere she had just been feeling. "Come on! Let's go dance." She took off toward the dance floor (which was only steps away, actually).
Mandy uttered something resembling an exclamation that wasn't decipherable, but then giggled and followed. "You are such a—oh, I can't believe you, girl! You just wait!" Apparently she wasn't too concerned about her friend feeling her up. At least that's what her laughter meant to me. I thought it was pretty bold on Kerri's part, and it made wonder if this sort of play had been in their repertoire before.
Brett looked at me with a grin and raised his eyebrows in amusement. "Gotta love that," he said. I had to agree.
The two girls danced together for a while, and Brett and I later joined them when the band led everyone on the floor in forming a conga line. I hadn't seen that in years. Each person placed their hands on the hips of the dancer in front of them, and we all did a snake-like shuffle around the dance floor to the beat of the music. I had the pleasure of following Mandy's sashaying hips while the same skin Kerri had recently fondled winked at me through the openings in her shorts.
Eventually even Kerri had her fill of dancing. As we were preparing to leave, Mandy apparently wanted to make good on her "you just wait" threat. She came over to give Kerri a goodbye hug, which is not normally an eyebrow-raising event between two friends, and especially between two women. But during their embrace, Mandy reached down with one of her hands and pulled sharply up on the front hem of Kerri's skirt. Then, just as swiftly, she reached that same hand between her friend's legs and started a stirring motion. [See? Everyone knows there is treasure to be found there.]
I was standing just to the side of this latest action, so my downward angle didn't allow me to see much skin that I hadn't already seen ... just a little more of the side of Kerri's upper thigh near her hip. And, of course, the whole episode lasted only a few seconds, because Kerri quickly twisted away (squealing, but with laughter in her voice, I noticed), pulling her skirt back down into place, and Mandy herself quickly backed off.
"You are a naughty girl, Mandy!" Kerri said with a laugh, as she finished making sure the private parts of her lower half were covered again. She obviously wasn't too upset by what just happened.
"Ha! I thinkyou'rethe naughty one!" Mandy responded, holding the invasive hand up near her face, and wiggling her fingers. "And, like,verydaring!" I didn't know what she meant by that. Yes, I could see that Kerri was daring in her attire, and her interactions tonight were anything but reserved, but how Mandy delivered that comment made me think there was more to it than that ... like she knew something I didn't.
I would find out later. The best part of the night was yet to come.
------
Now we were back home in their kitchen, enjoying the quiet after several hours of immersion in high decibel guitars and drums. Yes, itwasfun (and stimulating, particularly to my eyes and another part of my anatomy located lower down), but the calm respite was nice now, too. None of us were drunk; as I mentioned already, I think we all had consumed just enough alcohol to make us a relaxed and perhaps make our tongues a bit looser than they would have been otherwise. It seemed like a good time to tell Brett and Kerri that I would soon be living close by. Maybe I could get their advice about good places—and bad places—to live in this city.
I held that thought, though, because I first had the opportunity to comment on something I had noticed earlier on the dance floor. Kerri had turned her back to us to put something on the counter, revealing a tattoo on her lower back. Most of it was hidden by her skirt, but the top portion was visible. Tramp stamps are common enough, of course, but most are mono-color; what I could see of this one made it remarkable because it was quite colorful. It at least deserved a compliment.
"I hope you don't mind me saying this, Kerri, but that tattoo on your back? It looks great on you," I said. Then I added, "It seems very unique compared to most I see."
"Oh ..." she answered, reaching around and feeling the spot with her fingertips, as if to confirm it was there. "Thank you! I guess I didn't realize it showed that much when I'm wearing this skirt. The waistline rides pretty high."
"Yeah, the top part is all I can see," I responded, "but that is enough to tell it isn't ordinary."
"You're right about that, bud," Brett chimed in, in his characteristic style. "It's definitely not ordinary. Here ..."
He walked over to Kerri and pushed down on her waistband so I could see it better. At least he tried to. It was tight enough that it didn't budge very much. He solved that problem by undoing the button on the waistband, which was conveniently situated at that same spot. He also lowered the zipper about half way, then folded down each half of the 'V' that was formed.
Kerri looked over her shoulder. "That's okay, love, just go ahead. No need to ask me first." It wasn't difficult to hear the sarcasm in her voice, though it wasfriendlysarcasm, and she made no move to stop him.
Brett just chuckled and ignored her. "We got this about ... what, a year ago now, Ker?"
"We?" she interjected with amusement. "I didn't realize you got one there, too. Let's see yours!"
That made Brett chuckle again. This time he didn't ignore her, but responded by planting kisses on Kerri's bare skin, starting with her neck (which made her giggle), then every few inches as he moved downward, between her shoulder blades, to the middle of her back, then ultimately to the tattoo itself. "You were ... (kiss) ... the artist's canvas, babe, ... (kiss) ... but I helped ... (kiss) ... prep the canvas ... (kiss) ... and it wouldn't have ... (kiss) ... been the same ... (kiss) ... without me (kiss)."
That made Kerri giggle and squirm. All that time, Brett dutifully held the skirt flaps open, displaying her tattoo, which—to a connoisseur of these embellishments on a woman's skin, like me—was undeniably beautiful. The shape of this effusion of delicate flowers and tendrils and leaves nicely fit that shallow V space, and it had varied colors and subtle shading that made it look like art, not a simple 'tramp stamp.'
"Wow!" I gushed, but sincerely. "That is stunning. I have never seen a tattoo so ... so colorful and intricate. It's really beautiful. Of course, I have to agree with you, Brett," I continued, "that the canvas is what makes it a work of art."
Kerri seemed pleased and flattered. I think I may have detected just a hint of a blush. "Why, thank you, kind sir!" she responded with a smile. "And Brett is right—he played an important part in the process ... even though I was the one who had to endure the poking, prodding, and pain."
Brett, who had knelt down to apply the last of his kisses, straightened back up. "I think we should show him the rest of it, don't you, baby?"
"The rest of it?" I asked innocently. I was essentially seeing Kerri's whole back at this point, with the lowest point of the zipper dipping down to where the swell of her buttocks began. I didn't understand what Brett meant. [Buttocks? Who came up with that word anyway? It sounds much too inelegant and coarse to apply to such a lovely and alluring part of a woman's body. But (no pun intended), I guess we're stuck with it now. I'll try to do better next time.]
"Yeah, right," Kerri said with a laugh, accompanied by an exaggerated shake of her head. "I don't think so." She was speaking to Brett, whose face was just a few inches from hers at that moment. My question was ignored.
"I'm serious, Ker," he responded quietly. He didn't say it in a threatening way at all; in fact, he made it sound more like a promise. "He's from California, we're from Ohio. He is a gentleman and a scholar [Brett winked at me as he said that part], and who knows when or if we'll cross paths again."
"Well, actually, I—" I started, but that was as far as I got.
"Seriously?" Brett's bare-backed enchantress responded to him. "I don't think he flew more than half way across the country to see a tattoo."
"It's interesting you mention that," I blurted, trying to insert myself into the conversation. My conscience was telling me I should. "I've been wanting to tell you about the reason—"
"Oh, don't worry, bud," Brett interrupted, looking at me. "Don't think for a minute she doesn't want to." He turned his head back to Kerri, smiling. "I know my wife. She'd like you to see the rest, too."
I still had no idea what they were talking about. I was obviously the only one present who didn't.
"Come on," Brett said. "Let's move into the living room." He released his hold on her waistband, pulled Kerri by the hand, and waved to me in a 'follow us' motion. As they proceeded to the adjoining room, I tried to read the expression on Kerri's face. It looked to me something like a mixture ofresignation,because she realized Brett had made up his mind and she knew she was powerless to change it, plusexcited anticipation,because she didn't really want to resist anyway. At the time I didn't know why Kerri was blushing, but looking back I think it was because she knew one of her naughty-girl secrets was about to be revealed: She is an exhibitionist, and loves being one.
I followed. Kerri used her free hand to hold up her partially unzipped skirt so it wouldn't slide further down as she walked.
In their living room was a low-backed couch facing a fireplace, and a matching ottoman was placed a foot or so in front of it. "Okay, bud, you sit here," Brett said, indicating a spot on the ottoman, "facing the couch. Ker and I will sit across from you."
I sat, but thought it rather strange that he would arrange us that way, with me positioned so close to the front of the couch. Brett answered that thought a moment later. "You'll be able to see better there."
He then guided the quiet but smiling Kerri so she was standing directly in front of me, facing away, while he sat down on the couch very near her. Kerri's colorful tattoo, the focal point and catalyst of this extemporaneous gathering, was about eye level and less than an arm's length away from me.
Brett reached around the front of his wife's lovely legs, placing his hand on the outside of her thigh just below the hem of her skirt, and his other hand in the same spot on her other thigh nearest him. I glanced up to see her looking over her shoulder at us.
"What you were seeing in the kitchen, bud," he said—and as he continued talking, he moved his hands gently up and down, caressing Kerri's legs—"was just the top part of a larger tattoo. When we did this, we wanted something unique, and I personally think we succeeded ..."
"Oh, yeah, we did!" interjected Kerri with a chuckle.
"... but Ker really wanted something that could still be hidden when she wanted. The solution was to limit it to parts of her body that aren't normally seen. It took us a while to find a tattoo artist who could ..." He paused momentarily as he looked up to catch Kerri's eyes, and they exchanged a smile—the kind of smile that told me there was more to that story than what they were sharing right now—then continued, " ... who had the skill to make our idea work. Anyway, you're about to become one of the privileged few who have seen this much of it."
I remained quiet. I didn't want to break the spell.
Brett reached up to the waistband of the skirt, which Kerri was still holding up in place. "Okay, baby, I've got it. You can let go," he said, and she did. Then he pulled the zipper the rest of the way down and let the skirt settle further down on her hips. I'm sure if she had wiggled for even a moment like she was doing earlier in the evening, it would have fallen to the floor. But it remained in place over the swell of her hips as long as she held still. The V bounded by the zipper, though, was now exposing the cleavage of Kerri's exquisite backside like a low cut dress on Dolly Parton. [You'll remember I said earlier that I had already enjoyed seeing quite a bit of Kerri on this night, but this was new territory.]
"Most of the floral part is up here," said Brett, continuing his narration, and gentling stroking the spot he was describing, which we had already seen in the kitchen. "But the tat doesn't actually end at the bottom. You'll see there is part of it that disappears into this lovely valley here." His finger traced a small green vine that emerged at the base of the flowers, then, sure enough, disappeared into Dolly's cleavage. The vine re-emerged sporting a tiny leaf an inch or so later, then vanished inside the dark passage again.
My eyes followed as Brett's finger dipped into that private cleft. When the night started, I certainly wasn't expecting to see this. But at that moment it dawned on me that under the current circumstances Iwasexpecting to see something else ... but I wasn't: Panties. Any style, no matter how brief, would have been visible at this point, but they weren't there. No thong. No boy shorts. Not even low riding bikini panties. Suddenly the earlier incidents at the club, when both Brett's and Mandy's fingers had stirred between Kerri's legs, took on more significance. But I was also confused; when she inadvertently flashed me getting into the car, I know I had seen color. That had to be panties. The obvious explanation was that she had taken them off at some point. Mandy was right; Kerriwasdaring. [And I was a beneficiary.]
Brett extracted his finger. "Okay, baby, can you turn around now, please?"
In the small space between us, Kerri shuffled around on her high heels to face me, Brett smiled and continued talking. "That vine continues, but we'll be able to see it better from the other direction." He guided his nubile wife into a sitting position near the edge of the couch, then she slumped back while Brett helped her lift her feet up and over her head. I also leaned back during that maneuver so her shoes didn't hit me in the face.
"Hey, I'm not a contortionist, you know," Kerri protested, but with a chuckle in her voice.
Brett chuckled back. "No? I've seen you in this position before, baby," he said suggestively, with eyebrows raised. "I don't remember you complainingthen." Kerri gave him a little backhand swat to let him know what she thought of that response. "Don't worry, we won't keep you this way very long," he added.
I could see her point.
Kerri's head and neck were propped up against the back of the couch, her chin was pressed into her chest, her shoulders and upper back were pressed down into the seat cushion, her skirt-clad pelvis was raised into the air, her knees were in front of her face, and her feet extended over her head off the back of the couch.
I could also see something else.
Though Kerri's legs were still close together, her loosely attached skirt had now slipped the other direction. Neither she nor Brett were attempting to protect what little remained of her modesty, so ... little remained. The ass that looked so greatinsidethe skirt now looked even more amazingoutsideit, and because of her inverted position, Kerri's pussy lips peeked out from between her thighs above that.
Brett helped gravity by pushing the skirt completely out of the way, so it formed a wide belt around her belly. The flowers on her lower back we had been admiring before were now visible again, turned 180 degrees. Maybe just in case I missed it on the first pass [yeah, right, like that would happen], Brett directed my eyes to the starting point again.
"So anyway, that little vine splits off and disappears between Kerri's buns," he said, continuing his narration, "but comes up for air and sunshine occasionally on its trip through. Here, I'll show you." He paused to thread his hands between Kerri's thighs, and began to gently pull them apart. "Ker, I need you to spread 'em, okay?"
The owner of those superlative thighs made a sound that sounded like a cross between a whine and a moan. I don't think it was a protest, but I wasn't sure how to interpret it. Regardless, she complied, and both Brett and I were treated to an unfettered view of her most private area. Brett even pulled her ass cheeks apart, revealing the entire decorated valley. Indeed, just as he had described, the green vine meandered through the passage, sporting a leaf or tendril here and there that extended up the side. It detoured around the darker pink and puckered sphincter surrounding her anus, eventually continuing onward to the base of her vagina, where it grew more leaves and widened.
It took my eyes no more than a second or two to take in this sight, of course, and though those curious eyes were anxious to keep traveling upward to see the vine's apparent destination, Brett released his hand from one cheek and covered the path, temporarily obstructing my view. My gaze was redirected to his middle finger, which was now very slowly following the same route my eyes had just taken. "So the vine goes through here," he said, also watching his own finger as it rubbed over this sensitive skin, "winding around a bit ... especially when it goes around this delicate opening here. I like how the tattoo artist handled that." He gave me a conspiratorial wink, raised his guide finger to his mouth for a moment to coat it with saliva, then reached back down and ran it in circles around the rim of Kerri's asshole. She responded with a little gasp, followed by a moan very much like the one earlier. Evidently this reaction was Brett's goal, because he smiled and made a few more orbits around that opening, eliciting more squirming and half-hearted protests from the owner of that sensitive orifice.
Soon, though, he stopped his finger tease and continued sliding it along the vine. "As it nears her pussy, you'll see that it gets a little wider and more leafy," he said, "because it is about to bloom again." By this time—and I know it wasn't accidental on his part—that tricky middle finger of his was snuggling up against and parting the lips of his wife'sotherintimate opening. I noticed the fingers on each side were gently caressing the lips beneath.
"Okay, Ker, you can put your legs down now," Brett instructed, "but stay leaning back, okay?"
"Okay," Kerri responded, echoing his word. She bent her knees and started to lower her legs slowly, aware of my close proximity. Her face reappeared. She looked a little more flushed since we saw her last. Her position might account for part of that, but I had another theory as well. "But can I take my shoes off now? I've been wearing these heels all night!"
"Oh, sure, baby!" Brett responded. "Hey, bud, you get that one, and I'll get this one, okay?" He was referring, of course, to her shoes that now hovered at about eye level on either side of me. One was directly in front of him, so he reached out and started to unbuckle it, showing me by example what he expected me to do. I was willing, for sure. But I felt like I was crossing another line. [True, cradling a sexy woman's equally sexy foot in my hands while I removed her shoe wasn't the most intimate of activities I could imagine, but essentially I was helping undress her for the next step in our exploration of her body. Plus, the foot I now held was presently dangling very near that tantalizing (and currently totally bare) junction of her spread legs. You'll remember that that spot was moments ago the destination of my tour guide's finger.]
The slight intermission for shoe removal was over soon, and made Kerri happy. "Ahhh, it feels so good to finally have those off!" she exclaimed with a smile, wiggling her toes. I expected her to lower her feet to the floor between us, but instead she straightened her legs and rested them across the top of my thighs. Her feet came to rest on the ottoman, one on each side of me. Because I thought she would appreciate it, I reached down and starting massaging her bare feet. I was right, she did like it. "Oooohh, you're hired," she said with a sigh, closing her eyes in pleasure. "That feels so-o-o-o nice."
[Kerri seemed to be totally focused on her feet right now. Hopefully you won't blame me for being focused on something else. After all, it was served up directly in front of me ... and eye-catching.]
"And now you see what the vine blossoms into," Brett said, continuing where he left off. He left his fingers off this time, simply resting his hand on Kerri's lower belly. He let me gaze without further commentary for a few seconds. I'm not an expert on flower identification, but covering Kerri's pubic mound was a tropical-looking bloom—maybe an amaryllis?—in varying shades of red and pink. Her pussy lips formed the throat of the flower, and petals radiated from there. I've seen enough pussies in person and in porn to know that they vary considerably; hers was the kind with darker pink inner lips that protrude to form little scalloped folds between the outer lips, providing interesting texture for the heart of the bloom. It didn't appear that Kerri's pussy lips were tattooed, only the area above and beside them, but the artist had skillfully blended the colors and used shadows so her vagina looked convincingly like the inside of an exotic (and, yes, erotic) flower.
I've had relationships with several women that liked the hairless look down there—and that is common in porn also—so it didn't immediately dawn on me that I didn't see any. I was too enthralled by the colors and the novelty of the tattoo ... not to mention the novelty of the situation; when I imagined seeing some of the sights Dayton had to offer, I never anticipated this one.
"Like it?" Brett finally asked.
I glanced up at him, then at Kerri, to find her looking at me like she was awaiting my decision. I decided it made sense to direct my response to her.
"It's ... it's absolutely amazing," I said, still kneading the feet at my side. "Kerri, you are full of surprises, and they're all good ones. I've never seen anything like this before."
"I'm glad you like it," she responded, a little sheepishly. [I guess I would tend to be sheepish also if I were sitting spread-eagle, exposing my genitalia to a fully clothed person in front of me.] "It has proven to be a good conversation starter at my gynecologist's office."
That comment made both Brett and me laugh. True to form, Brett then jumped back into the conversation.
"You'll notice we achieved Kerri's goal of being able to hide it completely if she wants. Everything except the part on her back can be hidden by a bikini bottom or panties. Ker even has a high-waisted bikini that hides that part, too."
"At leastmostof my bikinis," Kerri clarified. "A few of them—"
"Yeah, that's true," he said, cutting her off. "Your Wicked Weasel doesn't get the job done, for sure." Brett chuckled, then added, "But it still looks fantastic on you, baby." He leaned over and down to cover her lips [the ones on her face] with his, and they shared a tongue-engaging kiss in front of me.
Brett wasn't finished with the kissing session yet, but the bottomless kissee pulled her lips away long enough to murmur, in between kisses, "And I don't know which ... <kiss> ... panties you mean ... <kiss><kiss> ... Brett, because, mmm ... <kiss> ... any that I have probably ... <kiss> ... wouldn't, like, mmm ... <kiss> ... cover, mmm ... <kiss>." Kerri didn't finish her sentence, but instead lifted one of her hands to the back of Brett's head and pulled him in, and they didn't come up for air for ten seconds or so. I think she did that because about halfway through her talking Brett had slid his fingers down onto the amaryllis and was gently stirring the folds inside it. By her reaction, I'm guessing she didn't mind. [This was impossible for me to miss, you understand, because it happened within arms reach in front of me. I presume Brett already knew, but it occurred to me that if he needed instruction on how to properly pollinate a flower like this, I'd be more than happy to demonstrate.]
Just before she pulled away from Brett's lips, Kerri snaked her other hand out from wherever it was and placed it on top of his. She also moved her legs for the first time since she first laid them across my thighs, pulling her knees up and together, and her feet back until they were propped up against the edge of the ottoman, still straddling my legs. This meant I had to stop massaging her feet. It also meant their two hands were sandwiched between her thighs. She started talking quietly to Brett again, whose face was still a couple of inches from hers.
"Okay, he's seen it now. I think that's enough."
"Ah, Ker ... I know he'd like to see it in full bloom. That's when it looks best." He paused to give her another short kiss. "It's perfect, because he is just going to head back to California." [Yes, I know I probably should have interrupted at this point, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. They were sharing a private moment. That and I just discovered I was an anthophile.] "Besides, m'love, you are an exhibitionist, andyouwant him to see it that way, too ... don't you." That last part wasn't a question, it was a statement.
Kerri's response to that was the same quiet multi-purpose whine/moan that I'd heard several times now.
"Right, baby?" Brett added, leaning in for another kiss, then pulling back slightly. "You do, ... don't you." Again, no question was being asked. He began slowly nodding his head up and down. "Hmmm? Right?" As close as they were, I expect his nose was rubbing hers. After another few seconds, Kerri sighed and giggled softly, then started nodding with him. Brett gave her one last lasting kiss, then straightened up to his original position beside her.
As he changed positions, Kerri pulled both of the hands that had been in her crotch up to her lips, and kissed the back of Brett's hand as she looked directly at him. "I love you, Brett," she said softly. "Thank you for knowing that." She was smiling at him. He winked at her and smiled back in response.
Up to that point I had thought there was some mild coercion going on, but her statement dispelled that. Brett knew his wife well.
The recently confessed exhibitionist next turned her face to me, still smiling. Now her expression indicated excitement, almost like a kid on Christmas morning who has just been told it's time to open the presents. Still there was a bit of a blush in her cheeks, as if she knew she was getting away with being a naughty girl.
It turned out the present to be opened was for me. Very slowly, her eyes on mine the whole time, Kerri spread her knees wide apart, fully revealing her tropical flower again. Once more a finger began to gently stir the pink throat of the flower, except this finger was slender and had a painted, manicured nail. [I probably don't need to tell you this new development caused even more stirring in the front of my pants.]
Brett placed his hand close to his wife's near the top of her thigh. "I think you're right, Ker. None of the panties you own would cover it." He shifted his attention and spoke to me for the first time in a while. "Heh, not that it matters, because she doesn't actually wear panties very often."
"Only on Tuesdays," Kerri said. The two of them glanced at each other and snickered.
"Tuesdays?" It was an innocent question from me.
"Yeah, well ... we have a little game we play every Tuesday just for fun," Brett started to explain. "See, Ker usually goes without them. Sometimes she'll put some on, like, when shewantssomeone to 'accidentally' see them"—he again gave Kerri knowing glance when he said that—"to get a reaction, because she has a few that are reaction worthy. She has several she ordered on-line that are plain colors, but have stuff printed on the front ... actually made to look like signs you might see at a business or wherever. One says 'Open. Please use this entrance.'" He chuckled, and so did I.
"Another says 'Full service. Open 24 hours.' which I also like. What was that other one, baby?" he turned to Kerri and asked, then remembered it himself before she could respond. "Oh, yeah! The black ones. They say, 'Caution: Removing this cover will activate contents.' Ha! I like that pair, too!"
"Anyway, the thing about Tuesday," Kerri continued, picking up the story (and quickly enjoying her part in telling it ... I could tell that by the enthusiasm in her voice), "is that I always start out wearing panties, but then Brett sends me a text at some random time during the day telling me to take them off. The deal is, within five minutes of that text I have to send him back proof that I did it." She paused for just a moment, and was ready to continue when Brett jumped in. [I suspect Kerri was accustomed to his propensity to do that, because she didn't look bothered by it at all ... she just kept happily fondling herself for the next several minutes as they told the story in tag team fashion.]
"But she has to do it basically where she is at that time, that's the rule. She can't go to the ladies' room and take them off—well, like, if she's already in there anyway she could, but where's the fun in that, you know?"
"That's happened a couple of times," Kerri interjected.
"She can move within the same room, or stand behind a nearby partition ... something like that, but it has to be kept to a minimum."
"Most of the time I'm at my desk, so it isn't that hard to pull off. Oh, I just made a pun, didn't I?" Kerri laughed at her own unintentional play on words. "Anyway, I can just reach under my skirt, wiggle my panties down, and slip them into my purse. The proof step is pretty easy then, too, because I can hold my phone up between my legs and my skirt hides the flash."
"Skirt hides the flash?" Brett asked with a grin. "Isn't that a contradiction? Or if you were trying for two puns in a row, Ker, I don't think it qualifies."
"Funny, Brett. Anyway, I have to be careful, obviously, because while my desk is in an area by itself and no one else's is close by, it's just off a main hallway through the building, and people walk by with some frequency. Plus my boss's glass-walled office is just across from me ... I can see him and he can see me. When he is in his office I have to be very stealthy. I don't think he'd approve." Kerri giggled, then added, "He's about to retire though, so maybe I can be a little bolder for a while until they replace him." She wiggled her eyebrows, as if to say the prospect of that was appealing to her. I could see she enjoyed the risk.
"But, hey, those desk shots are some of the best ones," Brett said. "I have a whole private album of those proof photos on my phone. I call them the 'Tuesday Twats'!" He laughed and reached into his pocket to pull out his cell, excited to show me. While he was navigating, Kerry started talking again.
"So, one time I took them off in a file room when a co-worker was in there. I actually kept talking to him while I stepped behind a half-height file cabinet, lifted my skirt, and pushed them down. He just assumed I was bending down to get something from a file drawer. It felt really wild to do that with him just on the other side," she said with a big grin. "I could see him the whole time."
"A couple of times Brett has sent me that text while I'm driving to or from work. That's harder, even if there is less chance of actually getting caught, because I still have to stay on the road, and not cause an accident, obviously. I typically wait until a stoplight, but I guess it's another Murphy's Law that when I actuallywantthe light to stay red longer so I can hike up my skirt to get my panties off and still be able hold the brake, it seems like it immediately turns green." I could envision the problem as she related it.
"Sometimes I'm right up against the deadline because I don't see the text right away, and then my panties are still around one ankle through several intersections. But my hubby insists that they have to be completely off before it counts."
"Here, bud, look at this!" Brett held up his phone and turned it toward me so I could see the screen. It was filled with thumbnails of vulvas from his 'Tuesday Twats' album. He chuckled, turned the phone back around long enough to tap one of the thumbnails, then turned it my way again. "Pretty unmistakable, huh?"
Yes, it was. The picture he chose was taken under a red skirt. Kerri must have been seated in an office chair, because part of the seat was visible at the bottom. Her lace-topped black stockings framed a bare mons decorated with the same flower that was at this moment still being caressed in front of me. [Because she had the camera's flash turned on and it was used in a small space, the picture was a little over-exposed. Forgive me. I had to throw in a pun of my own.]
"Yeah, no doubt about that," I said. He showed me a couple more photos; one was similar to the first, but the other showed a grinning Kerri in front of a mirror, holding her phone in one hand, while her other hand held up the front of her skirt, proving her panty-free state. The panties themselves dangled from her finger. Again I felt a pang of guilt for looking at such intimate, pornographic images of the woman I had danced with earlier, and who was slouched on the couch across from me, but she obviously knew what Brett was doing, and she didn't seem to mind him sharing them. In fact, after showing me that last one, he held the phone up in Kerri's direction so she could see it also.
"Oh, yeah, I remember that one!" she laughed. "It was taken in our company break room. A few seconds after I took it and dropped my skirt back into place, Brenda—that's one of my co-workers—came in to get some coffee. My panties were still in my hand, but I was facing away from her so she didn't notice anything amiss ... or maybe I should say, she didn't notice anything missing." She giggled again. "There have been a few close calls."
"So do you always wear skirts?" I asked.
"Always on Tuesdays!" Brett chortled, answering before Kerri could.
"Yeah, he's right," she confirmed, "although for the most part I wear dresses and skirts anyway. My employer is kind of 'old school professional' in its dress code, because we constantly have clients coming into the office."
"I'm sure a lot of those clients would come in more often if they knew what they might see," Brett offered.
"Occasionally in the winter I'll wear slacks like some other women do, but skirted suits or dresses with a jacket are standard fare. It's fairly tame, traditional stuff, so I try to make up for it by what I wear underneath."
"Or don't wear, I guess," I said.
"That's true," Brett responded with smile, "but Ker owns lots of sexy bras and garter belts and stuff like that that she wears, plus—like in those pics I just showed you?—she's usually wearing thigh highs underneath also. I love 'em."
"I like the feeling it gives me ... mmm ... to be secretly wearing something totally outrageous under my clothes ... no one I work with would ever guess that about mmm ... me." As she was speaking this time, Kerri's eyes were focused on that finger of hers that had been dutifully priming the womanly essence between her legs. During most of our conversation since she started, that stimulation appeared to be more casual; now she wore a look of concentration, and moisture was evident on both her fingertip and her labia. "I'll admit I'm begin-n-n-ning to real-l-l-ly likethis, too."
Both Brett and I immediately understood whatthiswas. Being the considerate husband that he was, he pitched in to help.
"Let me do this now, okay?" Brett said, pulling her hand away and replacing it with his. "You tell him about what happened the Tuesday before last in your meeting." He slid two fingers down between Kerri's outer lips, which because of her posture and her ministrations to that area, were already parted. He then scissored his fingers apart, which further spread her labia and revealed the darker pink and now very moist interior. Kerri's clitoral hood was obvious at the top. While continuing to hold her lips apart, he used a fingertip from his other hand to gently tease her clit. Then he looked up at me for a moment. "Nowthat'sa beautiful flower, right?"
"Uh, well, all I can think of to say is 'wow'," I responded. "Yes, your woman and her flower are both very beautiful."
The tantalizing Tuesday model looked at me and smiled, as if to tell me thank you for the compliment, but her attention was elsewhere right now. Her eyes quickly returned to her pussy. It was apparent I couldn't compete with the sensations Brett was kindling there.
[Initially, when Brett discharged her fingers from active duty, Kerri simply laid her hand on the couch beside her, and, as Brett had suggested, started relating the story you're about to hear. Within less than a minute, though, attesting to the multi-tasking skill of the female gender, she re-enlisted that hand in another role while still telling the story. Reaching into the gap in her vest, she released the gold chains that were holding it together—they must have hooked inside there somewhere—and it fell to her sides. Her fingers immediately went to work circling and lightly pinching one of her nipples. Now nothing private was hidden. True, I had glimpsed a pink nipple serendipitously early in the evening, and had savored seeing her breasts in profile under the dim light of the dance floor, but now those same breasts, distended nipples and all, were completely bared before me. There was no jewelry or artwork on them, but I tend to think that women's boobs are art themselves.]
Kerri took a somewhat unsteady breath and started the story. "So, the last Tuesday I was in the office we had a—mmm, well, let me back up. On a monthly basis my boss participates in a meeting in our board room involving all the various departmental managers. It doesn't ... mmm ... always happen on a Tuesday, but this one did. They rotate responsibility for running the meeting, and this time it was his responsibility to ch-chair." She flinched just a bit at the end of that sentence, and her hand that wasn't busy at her nipple jumped down on top of Brett's. "Honey, that'sextremelynice, but if you expect me to be able to tell this story, you'd better slow down just a little."
Her tormentor replied as I'd seen him do several times now; he leaned over and gave her a lingering kiss. This prompted a moan from Kerri, probably because his finger continued to circle her clit during the kiss.
"Are you saying I'm distracting?" Brett asked when he pulled away.
"Only a lot," she answered.
Brett chuckled. "Okay, finish the story. Then, Kerri, my dearest, my lovely ... I will finishyou! Ah, ha-ha-ha-ha-haaaaa!" That second part he delivered like you'd expect Snidely Whiplash to say it to the defenseless Penelope as he tied her to the railroad tracks, complete with sinister laugh.
Kerri first smirked, then responded in kind, reaching over (awkwardly) and running a finger slowly over Brett's cheek and under his chin. "Oooh, ba-a-a-by! That's sounds like it might be a promise!" she purred. [I guess thatcouldhave been Penelope. Maybe Penelope Cruz. Or some other actress of your choice with a sultry voice and bedroom eyes.]
"Anyway, so ... like, I don't usually attend those meetings, but my boss wanted me at this one ... I guess in case he needed something, because later hedidneed something, which is where it gets dicey. I was basically a passive participant, sitting ... mmm ... at this board room table with 16 or 17 other people. Thenguess who"—she looked pointedly at Brett, and playfully backhanded his upper arm—"sends me a text message. You can probably guess what it was about." Kerri made air quotes with her fingers. "It said 'off in 5,' which looks pretty innocent if someone happens to be looking over my shoulder, but it means I have to ... mmm ... well, you know about that part."
Brett was still playing down below, now mostly just gentle caresses to her upper thighs and outer lips, but occasionally he would dip into the center of the flower, collect some of its sweet secretions on his finger, and then pull that finger straight up over the storyteller's clit. Under the circumstances, I could forgive Kerri's lack of concentration.
"We were about 20 minutes into an hour long meeting at that point. I couldn't really excuse myself and leave. And ... mmm ... besides ... mmm ... it wouldn't really be within the rules. I, uh ... I decided that since I wasn't really involved anyway, and the board room chairs have solid armrests, I'd be able to pull them down a little at a time without calling attention to myself. Walt, the guy beside me, looked to be pretty engrossed in the discussion and the paperwork in front of him, and there where two empty chairs between me and the person on the other side. So, over ... mmm ... over the next couple of minutes I was able to inch ... mmm, oooh, Brett ... one side down, then the other, until my panties were just o-o-ver my knees. I was sitting still w-waiting for ... mmm ... an opportunity to get them the rest of the way off. I was also planning how to reach down and get them off the floor—see, I figured they would pretty much slip down my calves to my ankles by them ... by themselves."
[Kerri was having more and more trouble recounting the story, as you can no doubt tell. The reason for that was Brett had worked his middle and ring fingers inside her pussy, and was giving her a slow finger fuck. It looked to me like he was avoiding her clit now, even though he still had a whole hand free to devote to that stimulation if he wanted. The sly grin on his face meant he was enjoying distracting her.]
"Right now is where it gets interesting!" Brett said, whose only involvement had been non-verbal for quite a while now, by his standards. Staying quiet and letting others speak is, as you know, quite an accomplishment for him.
"Yep, right then is when my boss asked me to go get a report from his office that he needed, and obviously I hadn't planned for that. I panicked for a couple seconds, and I think probably my heart rate immediately doubled! Ha! I remember hoping my face wasn't too flushed, 'cause everyone would ... mmm ... w-wonder why. I couldn't just ... mmm, uh ... well, I figured someone—or everyone—might notice if I just stood up and waddled out with pink lace around my ankles! So I made an excuse that I had a problem with my shoe, pushed my ch-chair ... ooh ... back, and leaned forward as if I was reaching down to my shoe. I was going to try to discreetly slide my panties down and off while I was down there 'buckling my shoe,' but I noticed Walt was looking down at my feet also, likely ... mmm ... likely wondering what the problem was. So I swiveled my chair away from him, using the back as a shield so he c-couldn't ... mmm ... see what I was doing, and I was able to quickly reach under the hem of ... ooh ... of my dress and pull them down and off." Kerri giggled. "I have no ideawhatI would have done if there had been someone else on that side of me!" She giggled again. "I might be looking for a new job, who knows?"
"I still had the problem of what to do with that pink lace wadded up in my hand. I couldn't squeeze it tight enough in my fist to hide it while I walked out. I ended up ... mmm ... quickly stuffing them between the seat cushion and the arm of the chair." She took a deep shaky breath. "Anyway, cutting to the chase, I then stood up and went to retrieve the report for him. For about 30 seconds there I was scared shitless, but looking back it was also such a ... mmm ... such a rush! To think I had done such an outrageous th-thing and ... and got ... oooh ... got away with it! Wow!"
"Wow is right," I agreed. "You are one gutsy girl, Kerri."
"That she is, bud," Brett agreed. "She couldn't send me proof until she got back to the board room and settled in her chair again, because she left her cell on the table. "But it came through just before the deadline," he chuckled. "It wasn't until I got home that night that Ker told me the whole story."
"And it wasn't ... mmm ... un-until after the meeting was over for a while that I sn-snuck ... ooh, Brett ... I snuck back into the board room to retrieve my panties. I considered leaving them there for someone else to f-find ... mmm ... but thought better of it."
That time I chuckled. "Too bad, Kerri. I think there are lots of guys who would really enjoy finding that buried treasure in their chair. It could really liven up an otherwise dull meeting."
She giggled momentarily at that. "It's not theguysI'm worried about." Then Brett starting stealing the show by distracting her again. With the story now told, he appeared poised to make good on his earlier promise. "Oooh ... mmm, except for this one here," she moaned, pointing at her husband.
Indeed, Brett leaned over and kissed his nearly naked bride, then dropped his head and lips down to her nipple, dislodging her fingers that had been busy there, and engulfing it in his mouth. Not surprisingly this prompted another moan from Kerri. He suckled there for a few seconds before raising his head from her dark pink peak, now shiny with saliva. He turned his head toward me.
"Hey, bud, can you take over for me here?" he said, nodding toward the fingers that were at this moment knuckle deep inside his wife.
I was stunned. Now this was a turn of events. When Brett led me on the expedition through Kerri's intimate tropical paradise, I was (if you exclude the foot massage) a hands-off observer only ... an invited voyeur to a love-making session between a husband and wife, really, at point blank range. That session was spiced up with inside information about how they fan the flames of their love life by playing a risky, but undeniably sexy, game together. But this was hiswife.Had he really just invited me to participate in a hands on, fingers in, fashion?
"Uh, Brett, um ... you mean you really want me to ... to—" I questioned, gesturing in the direction of his fingers. [You can tell I'm at my best when something catches me by surprise. Cool. Polished. Suave. Or not.]
"Yeah!" he responded without hesitation. "I'll concentrate on Ker's upper half, while you apply TLC tothisspecial spot." He grinned. "I guarantee this flower here will give you a warm reception."
"Here," he said, pulling his own fingers out of that moist tunnel, making room for mine. "Two fingers. The two middle ones ... that way you can reach her G-spot andreallymake her wiggle," he explained with enthusiasm, removing any doubt as to his willingness to share the tactile experience. [I felt a certain part of my anatomy harden even further to express its willingness to experience it also. I didn't know if that was part of the deal or not; Brett was still fully clothed, as was I, so I didn't think it was appropriate to get greedy. I'd just follow his lead ... as it seems everyone always did when Brett was around.]
That first touch of Kerri's velvety smooth vagina was electric. Well, not electric in the sense of a jolt or something like that, but whenever I slide my fingers into that private space between a woman's legs for the first time—as I was in the process of doing now with the quintessential specimen whose legs were splayed right before me—it elicits a feeling inside me that I have difficulty distinguishing from awe. I have learned to proceed slowly so I can prolong and savor it. There is something powerful, something deeply erotic, something intoxicating, about the intimacy of this act when combined with the natural responses of nerve endings, as the sensitive ones in the fingers greet the equally sensitive ones lining the vaginal walls. Her slippery tissues envelop those fingers in a warm embrace, welcoming them inside, encouraging them to stay, ensuring their comfort, even when that embrace tightens. At rest and unaroused, the vagina and the labia adorning its entrance have the function and attitude of a clam shell, guarding the treasure within. But when the transformation from protector to enthusiastic receptionist occurs, the metamorphosis is wondrous to behold ... and to feel. Without doubt the change in a man's penis growing from totally flaccid to fully erect is remarkable, but the change that occurs between the legs of a woman is equally amazing.
[My apologies to the women reading this who have already noticed something I forgot until my fingers were almost fully nestled inside that enchanting tropical flower. I was so enrapt by the sensations and emotions described in the previous paragraph that it didn't dawn on me to ask Kerri for her permission to so boldly invade her private place. I had taken direction from her husband, true, but I should not have simply assumed his authorization constituted the necessary invitation. That isn't my style. The realization hit me, as I said, when it was too late to ask permission. I looked up to find both Kerri's and Brett's faces looking back at mine. To my relief, both (yes, both,including the delightful feminine one) had looks of amusement on them. They must have sensed what I was thinking, or perhaps their amusement stemmed from me gazing at Kerri's pussy like it was magical. (You already know I think it was.) Either way, I was glad I had not overstepped my welcome. Very glad. I liked where my fingers were.]
Brett spoke and broke my poetic trance.
"Okay, bud, you're palm up, which is perfect. Curve those two inside fingers up into a hook shape, then move your whole hand up and down." He paused while I followed instructions. "That's it. More of an up and down motion than in and out ... yeah, like that." He chuckled. "Ker loves it when I do that. Makes 'er wetter'n the fountains down at RiverScape." He snickered again.
Brett returned his lips to Kerri's, kissing her, then proceeded to engulf one of her nipples in his mouth. His hand kneaded her other boob, while he rolled that nipple between his thumb and forefinger. He occasionally rotated between Kerri's two perfect breasts, giving them equal time. He also kept her lips engaged, frequently raising his head to kiss them, allowing their tongues to dance together. Those kisses seemed to prompt the greatest verbal response from his wife, in the form of sounds that can only be described as appreciative moans.
Meanwhile, true to Brett's prediction, I soon noticed a change where my fingers were. Shortly after I started, my naked flower-bearer's look of amusement changed; when she wasn't kissing her husband, Kerri was still looking at me over the top of his head, but her eyes seemed focused through and past me, and her lower lip was captured between her teeth. As I continued, the grip of her pussy on my fingers loosened, and the up and down motion of my hand took less effort as her internal lubrication ratcheted up from slippery to sloppy. The combined efforts of the two men intent on pleasuring Kerri's body was having an effect.
Kerri's hips were now rhythmically undulating. One of her hands had a white knuckle grip on the edge of the couch. The other had snaked onto Brett's lap and was rubbing and clutching at the bulge in the front of his pants.
"She's really juicy down there now, isn't she?" Brett asked, taking a quick break from snogging his wife's nipple to speak to me.
I nodded. "Incredibly. I hope this big wet spot on your couch doesn't stain."
He smiled. "If it does, it will just be a reminder of a good time, right?" He fluttered his tongue on the nipple nearest his mouth, then lifted his head again. "She's getting close. Keep doing that with your fingers, but when I tell you, here's what you do: Plant your mouth over the top of her pussy and tongue her clit like there's no tomorrow. Just lash the hell out of it. Then be prepared to hang on tight because she'll buck like a bronco when she cums." He gave Kerri's boob another quick nibble. "Be ready ... won't be long. I'll tell you when."
Brett was running the show again, always in the director's chair. This time I remembered I should seek the consent of the other party before I followed his orders [which, I'll admit, I really, really, I mean,really, reallywanted to follow] to cross another line of sexual intimacy. Kerri, however, wasn't in a state to be consulted. Her head was tilted back and her eyes clamped shut. Her neck was tense, and the expression on her face might be interpreted as pain ... except I knew there was a different explanation for it.
Then Brett started nuzzling and kissing her neck.
There must have been a switch there I hadn't noticed. Within seconds, the body-baring exhibitionist beneath him became more vocal and the wave-like rolling of her hips more urgent and rapid.
Brett kept doing what he was doing, but issued the expected order. "Now, bud. Go for it!"
My mouth was watering, anticipating my first taste of this succulent bloom. I followed his directions, leaning forward and placing my tongue between Kerri's wet pussy lips where my fingers were, then dragging it up the short distance from there to my ultimate destination: her clit. The aroma filled my nostrils at about the same time that her taste registered in my taste buds ... a flavorful brew that is unmistakably familiar, and at the same time, distinctive. Like all things Kerri-esque, it was lovely.
I clamped my mouth firmly over that target site, then started running my tongue in circles around that most sexually sensitive spot on a woman's body. My tongue's movement was not delicate; it was bold. I received an immediate reward for my efforts. From over my head came a whimper, then the hand that had been grasping the edge of the couch circled behind my head, pulling me in tighter and holding me in place like a seatbelt.
"That's it, bud! Yeah! Really go after that clit! Keep those fingers moving!"
I glanced up to the source of the voice. The scene director had one of the actress's nipples in each hand, and was pinching and pulling them up and away from her body, distorting their shape. Both Brett and Kerri were looking down at me again, their heads right next to each other, but at different angles. He had a big grin on his face. She, on the other hand, had that tense, vulnerable, glassy-eyed, far-away look that I thought I recognized. It's the face that immediately precedes a big O.
I was right.
As a native Californian, I know what an earthquake feels like. Usually it starts with a small tremble; just a delicate shake that leaves you unsure if what you felt was real or just imagined. Then the movement that follows moments later rapidly escalates, sometimes into a relatively smooth, rolling motion, at other times into a jagged-edged, rough shake, like a jarring drive over a pothole-riddled road without the benefit of shock absorbers or springs. The earthquake I experienced that night in their living room in Dayton was very much like the latter type.
I did my best to keep up the digital and oral intensity, as Brett encouraged me to do. Within a matter of seconds, though, I felt an additional tremor within Kerri's writhing hips, and I watched as her tight abdomen rippled and began to shake. The moaning, whimpering sounds from above became higher pitched, and her heavy breathing was replaced by erratic gasps. More or less reflexively I slid my other hand underneath her ass—which she had raised up off the couch anyway—and lifted up, so I could hold that quaking flower firmly up against my mouth ... another seatbelt from the bottom side.
When the full force of her orgasm hit, suddenly her pussy clamped down on my fingers with the strength of a 300 pound Trojan lineman. [Add that to my list of vaginal amazements. The muscles down there are nothing short of awesome.] Over the next 15-20 seconds, those muscles spasmed, alternately clamping and releasing. I tried to remember to continue to move my fingers when I could, but most of my focus was on keeping my mouth in place and my tongue moving, because Kerri thrashed and bucked beneath me. Unlike her earlier fluid and graceful dance moves, these were erratic and convulsive. The force of her hand on the back of my head, matched by my own from the underside, kept me in place, but it was a wild ride.
"Oh, yeah, baby!" Brett cheered. "Stay with 'er, bud!" He had relinquished his hold on Kerri's nipples and was now just watching the action.
I held on. Gradually the worst of the quake and the best of her orgasm subsided, followed, predictably, by some smaller aftershocks as I continued stirring with my tongue, but more delicately. Eventually and finally, the rolling of her hips stopped and she relaxed her body back down on the couch, sandwiching my hand between the wet cushion and her firm derriere (not that I was complaining, understand). Kerri grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my mouth away from between her legs, wordlessly informing me that my job there was finished. I pulled my fingers out of her, and wiped my mouth off with the back of my hand. She took two or three deep breaths, then spoke her first intelligible words in quite a while.
"That was so-o-o-o-o goo-o-o-o-o-d!" she raved, then looked at me with the same sultry, smoldering smile I had seen several times on the dance floor. "Thank you." It seemed sincere, but I also sensed she wasn't fully satiated yet. I knew I wasn't.
And neither was Brett.
He stood and bent over to pick up his bride, one arm under her back, one under her knees. "Yes, bud, thanks for that!" he heaved, as he straightened up, lifting her. "That first climax usually takes some time and effort, but after that she's like firecrackers on the 4th of July, if you know what I mean!" Brett laughed and looked down lovingly and lustfully at the naked woman he was holding. "Sorry, but you'll have to excuse us ... we have some important business to attend to in our bedroom." He didn't look away from her as he said that, but I knew the words were intended for me.
With that, he turned and carried his catch toward his lair. After a few steps he spoke over his shoulder, "I know you know where the guest room is. See ya' in the morning, bud! Sleep well!" Kerri giggled and raised her hand, giving me a friendly wave goodnight.
After their amicable but abrupt retreat, there were a few more hushed words between them and another giggle from Kerri before they reached their bedroom and I heard the door close.
I sat on the ottoman for a minute thinking about what had just happened ... not just their exit now, but all that had transpired since our post-midnight return from the club. Never in my wildest dreams [Okay, truthfully, that phrase is just dramatic hyperbole, you understand, because any reader on this site is aware of how wild one's dreams can be, and how far our imaginations can carry us from reality.Minecan certainly be wild, wilder, and wildest. I have no doubt yours can also. And that's the point, right?] would I have expected, in a quick visit to a distant city, to have experienced what I just did. I had intimately touched, eventasted,another man's wife. The evidence for that was still fresh on my lips and fingers.
Despite my disappointment, and the loud complaint of neglect from the hard dick in my pants, I realized I had been given an unexpected gift. Two lovers had included me in their foreplay, and I had been temporarily promoted from onlooker to participant, from member of the audience to member of the cast. And the outnumbered, female part of that cast was an exquisitely beautiful example of her gender that dreams (yes, especially the wild ones) are made of.
Still, I would have liked the opportunity to respond to Kerri's "thank you." My answer would have been, "The pleasure was all mine."
------
Being a thoughtful guest in this home, I straightened the cushions, carefully folded Kerri's discarded vest, placing it on the arm of the couch, and arranged her spike heels neatly on the floor below. Then I went to the kitchen, found some paper towels, and used them to absorb most of the abundant juices that had seeped from my hostess's soaked pussy. The clean up completed, I turned off the lights and headed to bed.
[I later discarded those paper towels in the bathroom of the guest room, because I used them to quell the aforementioned complaint from the dissatisfied occupant of my briefs. My own sexual fluids comingled nicely with hers after all. I thought it best to flush the evidence.]
I washed my hands and face, then hit the sheets, exhausted. It was very late. The early start and the exertions of this night, including the very last one, had really taken it out of me.
I expected sleep to come quickly, but there was a delay. Now that I was quiet myself, it was conspicuously apparent that all wasnotquiet in the room across from mine. I'm guessing you can probably deduce whose room that was, and also why it wasn't quiet. The unmistakable sounds of sex—feminine and masculine moans, enthusiastic exclamations and squeals of pleasure, giggles, the slapping of flesh against flesh—wormed their way through the walls and under the doors. I listened intently for a while, but eventually drifted off.
------
The next morning, I woke to the smells of breakfast wafting through the house, so I got up, quickly showered, and packed my bag, knowing I didn't have a lot of time before I had to get to the airport for the return trip. Then I headed out toward the kitchen, expecting to find Brett, Kerri, or both.
They were indeed both up and around, with Brett acting as chef, and Kerri acting as ... maybe, resident angel? I must say I don't remember seeing any pictures of angels that looked like my hostess, though shewaswearing white. White lace. Well, alittlewhite lace. Part of that lace was in a shelf bra that covered perhaps the lowest quarter of her boobs, embellishing and showcasing them, for sure, but leaving the pink areolae surrounding her eye-catching nipples uncovered. Some of the lace was in a belt that wrapped around her just below her belly button, and it in turn had lacy elastic straps that attached to the last of the lace that bordered the top of each of her white thigh-high stockings. If there were matching panties to this outfit, they were missing, because the blooming flower, the petals of which I had kissed last night, was uncovered and still in bloom. Brett's wife was most definitely a living fantasy.
"Good morning, bud!" Brett greeted me in his usual fashion. By contrast, he was dressed in gym shorts, a t-shirt, and sneakers. But both of them also wore a big smile. "I have breakfast almost ready, so your timing is perfect." He turned away from the stove and gestured toward Kerri with his spatula. "And Ker and I thought you might be interested to see what she wears at work underneath her skirts and blouses and business suits." He chuckled. "In my opinion, this is the best part of the outfit."
"Wow! There's no way I'll disagree with that, Brett," I responded enthusiastically. Then I addressed the angel. "Kerri, once again you look stunning. You couldn't know this, but to me, thigh-high stockings are the sexiest thing ever. And those white high heels you're wearing with them are just the perfect complement to the rest of your ..." I paused while my eyes scanned her head to toe, drinking in her beauty, while she watched me with a satisfied smile, apparently pleased with the impression she was making. The part of my male anatomy between my legs was apparently pleased also, because it swiftly reacted to this visual delight. "... well, I guess I should say that your body is just perfectly suited to that outfit. Again, wow."
I tore my eyes away for a moment to look at Brett—who was grinning ear to ear at my reaction—so he would know I was now speaking to him again. "I know it sounds like a cliché, but you are one very lucky SOB, Brett!"
Brett laughed and turned his attention back to the skillet in front of him. "Yeah, I know I am. She's the best anyone could ever ask for."
"Awww ..." Kerri said softly. She stepped over to her husband and hugged him from behind, pressing herself against his back, then turning her head flat between his shoulders. Had she been in front of him, the top of her head would have been about at his chin. "I think I'm going to keep you," she whispered playfully, loud enough for both of us to hear.
That maneuver on Kerri's part treated my eyes to her exquisite derriere, each cheek edged by the thin strip of lace that connected her stockings to her waistband. The thin vine that I knew connected to the flower emerged from between those cheeks and widened into the greenery and blossoms at the base of her back. Despite my personal tour of that valley passage last night, my fingers itched to trace the path again.
"Okay, these are done! I hope you like scrambled eggs," Brett announced, breaking my train of thought. "My skill set in the kitchen is a bit limited, but we also have toast, some blueberry muffins, courtesy of our grocery store bakery, and we also have cereal if you prefer. You two have a seat!"
"Sounds good!" I responded, and headed toward the table. It was a tall and fairly small round one, surrounded by four bar stools.
Kerri relinquished her embrace on Brett's back and followed me. "Brett usually handles breakfast on Saturday mornings," she explained. "That's a treat for me. And personally I think his scrambled eggs are to die for!"
Brett was behind her with skillet in hand, and he laughed. "So you admit it, huh, babe? You married me for my scrambled eggs!?" He laughed again.
"Yep, you got it," Kerri responded, not missing a beat. "That and your cute butt." She winked at him, then giggled. "Of course, what's on the front side down there is nice, too!" she added cheekily, as she lifted herself up into her seat.
Brett chuckled, and still holding the skillet in one hand, leaned over and kissed his lace-adorned bride. She returned his kiss with enthusiasm and a moan of appreciation. [Apparently they just don't do quick pecks in this house. I took the opportunity to gawk at the topless angel across the table from me while she was preoccupied.]
When their extended kiss ended, Brett scooped scrambled eggs onto Kerri's plate, then mine, and headed back toward the stove. "I'm really sorry about this, bud," he said as he walked away, "but the other thing I do on Saturday mornings is play basketball with some guys at the Y. I was going to skip this week since you were here, but one of the other players sprained his ankle and can't participate, so they need me there to make a full team." He set the skillet in the sink and headed back toward the table. "It was really great to see you, but I'm afraid I need to get going. I feel bad about running out on you. Ker can get you to the airport, okay?"
I stood, and had just gotten on my feet when Brett wrapped me in a bear hug, which you know by now was characteristic for him. "Safe travels, man!" he said, slapping me on the back with both hands. "I hope you'll look us up if you're ever passing through again!" He released me and backed away, turning toward the door.
"Yeah, in fact I've been meaning to—" I started, but Brett cut me off.
"Great! We both look forward to that!" he said with a wave. "Gotta run. Love ya, Ker." That last part was directed to the angel across from me. With that, he was out the door.
My attempt to interject the news of my imminent move had failed again. I sighed internally—maybe externally, too, I don't remember—and sat back down. Now it seemed eerily quiet in the house, like a switch had been flipped and some energy force had been turned off. I wasn't the only one that sensed it. When I turned back toward Kerri, I found her looking at me with a smile.
"It's really something, isn't it," she asked rhetorically in a quiet voice, "how he leaves sort of a vacuum when he walks out the door?"
I knew what she meant, and I'd witnessed it before around Brett. Of course, part of that feeling, at least from my perspective, was that now I was left alone with his wife. And the less honorable part of me that wasn't Brett's friend didn't have any trouble at all imagining havingherfor breakfast instead of what was on the plate in front of me.
I pushed that last thought away, and chuckled and nodded in response to her comment, picking up my fork. "Yep. That's Brett, all right."
My scantily clad hostess spoke again. "It's like a part of me walks out the door with him when he goes," she said thoughtfully, pensively. Unquestionably this woman was deeply in love with her man. I could see it in her eyes. [Yes, Iwas toolooking at her eyes. Fortunately my eyes have learned to multitask.]
"You two are very lucky to have found each other," I said, taking my first bite of breakfast. "How did you meet?"
That question was apparently just what the doctor ordered, because Kerri's energy level immediately rose as she responded. For the next several minutes I simply listened as she related the story, which was interspersed with little snickers and chortles when she would recall a part that she found humorous. [I thought they were funny also and laughed with her, but you must understand I was naturally distracted by the storyteller's outfit ... not to mention my lust for her. It was amazing how Kerri could converse so casually while essentially nude across the table from someone she had just met less than 24 hours before. I couldn't detect any self-consciousness on her part. But if she wanted to be dressed—or undressed—like this, I was definitely not complaining.]
"So this was a business trip, right? That's the reason you're in Dayton?" Kerri asked, changing topics just before she took a bite of scrambled eggs. "I assume you don't come here often."
She had just presented me with that opening I needed, and it caught me off guard. But I decided I'd better seize it. [To be clear, this was a much different type of opening than she presented me last night. Not warm and slippery. I'm pretty sure you caught that, reader, so I'll just continue the story now.] "That's true. I mean, both of those are true. It was a business trip, and this is my very first visit to Dayton." I paused, thinking about how to proceed in a way that wouldn't make her uncomfortable, given last night's rather intimate activities. Unfortunately I experienced no sudden flashes of inspiration, so I just forged ahead. "But, actually, my employer is transferring me here, so Dayton will soon be home for me."
Kerri abruptly stopped chewing and snapped her head up. She was silent for about two seconds while she looked me straight in the eye. Then, just as abruptly, she burst into laughter. I was so surprised and amused by that reaction that I laughed along with her, which served to increase her laughter further. She took a moment to swallow what was in her mouth, but then continued giggling. "You know ... you said that so seriously, I actually believed you!" she sputtered. "Wow! Like, you had me going there!"
Something in my delivery must not have been convincing. "Um ... well, it is funny, yes, but I'm not joking. I am actually moving here," I repeated.
"You'renotkidding?" she responded, her laughter now ceasing. "Seriously?"
I shook my head. "Nope. Not kidding." I sighed and leaned back against the back of the stool. "I've lived my entire life to this point in southern California, but Dayton is where the people who sign my paychecks want me, so this is where I'll be. This trip was to see my new offices and meet the people I'll soon be working with. Itisa good career step for me."
Kerri was silent for a few moments, looking thoughtfully down at her plate. Her fork was in her hand, but she held it still. Obviously she was thinkingsomething,but I wasn't sure what that was.
One lesson I've learned in my life so far is that it is sometimes a good idea to take the initiative and apologize if you think you just said or did something that blindsided someone, even when you're not sure why it may have impacted them as it did (though in this case I had a pretty solid inkling why she reacted like she did, based on recent history). I decided now was a good time to apply that learning. Call me a sucker for a beautiful woman, but I reallydidn'twant to push Kerri away. She was fun to be around, especially nearly naked, even if she was someone else's wife. I didn't want her to feel uncomfortable around me.
"Kerri," I said sincerely, "I didn't intend to announce it to you like this. I planned to tell you and Brett the news together. I did try to say something yesterday a couple of times, but we were all ... well, distracted by other things, and I didn't have the opportunity. I'm very sorry for catching you off guard just now."
Kerri set her fork down on her plate and looked at me from across the table. I still couldn't read her face, so I had no idea what was going on in her mind.
"Yes, we were indeed distracted by other things, weren't we?" Kerri responded. Was that a hint of a smile I saw? I hoped so. I wanted to see it again.
She continued. "Well, I guess this means I'll have another dance partner sometimes? I really did enjoy our ... um, dancing." She emphasized thedancingmore than the other words, ending with a bit of a lilt, making it sound more like a question than a statement. And this time her facial expressions were much easier to interpret: Her eyebrows popped up, and she replaced the straight line of her lips with a mischievous little smirk, her head tilting slightly to one side. I think she just said she liked the couch dance that followed the one at the club.
"Yes, I did, too, Kerri," I responded, trying not let my smile cover my whole face, even though that is how I felt about it. I wasn't out of apology mode quite yet, though. "But, uh, about last night ... I'm so sorry I got carried away in the moment. I crossed a line that I shouldn't have, and it would just kill me to think I did something that could jeopardize your close relationship—soobviouslyclose, I should say—relationship with Brett. Knowing now that I'm moving here, if it makes you uncomfortable to be around me, I will quickly back off and—"
"Hey," Kerri interrupted me, reaching across the table and putting her hand on top of mine for a few seconds as she gently scolded me, "do you think I would be dressed like this, sitting ... what, like, three feet away from you, if I were freaked out about what happened last night?" She pulled her hand back and gave me her best smile since our conversation started. "Wait. I'll answer that for you. No!"
She went on. "I love Brett with all my heart, and I can't fathom any circumstance or any person that would change that. One thing Brett isnotis possessive, and I love him more because of that. He lets me be me, indulges my fantasies ... well, I guess it would be accurate to say he feeds them, and he is fully supportive of the fun little games I discreetly play at work. And, as you recall, he instigated and encouraged what happened in our living room last night. IfBretthadn't wanted that to happen, and ifIhadn't wanted it to happen, it wouldn't have happened."
Kerri lowered her voice and looked me right in the eye. "And I'm glad it did." She paused, looked away, then added, "You know, after Brett carried me to bed last night? Um, well ... let's just say we were both as revved up as we've been in a long time, and we went at it like three pairs of bunnies. Well, maybe four. I haven't been screwed like that since, like ... since the Reds won the World Series!" She giggled to emphasize her point. "I'm afraid we aren't used to guests here, so we probably weren't very quiet."
"Oh, I slept like a log," I responded quickly. "Then again," I added with a smile, "there are some things even logs can't sleep through."
Kerri cracked up. "Yeah, that's what I thought. She took another bite. "I hope you were able to get at leastsomesleep."
"It's okay. I can catch up a bit on my flight back," I said, then switched gears. "But I don't remember Cincinnati winning the World Series. When did that happen?"
Once more Kerri laughed. "Ha! Not in my lifetime, they haven't. That's just the first thing that came to mind," she giggled. "Maybe in my own self interest I'd better hope they don't. Brett would probably want to 'celebrate' all night, and I wouldn't be able to walk the next day!" She quickly shoveled in the last bite on her plate, then gave me a wink. "Could be fun, though."
My sexy wet dream pushed back from the table. "So, did you get to meet everyone at your new office yesterday?" she asked.
"Most of them, I guess. A few were out, including my direct manager," I responded, and I shared the circumstances that led to him having to be out unexpectedly. "And the person who will be my new assistant was out also, so it was kind of a drag not to get to meet two people I'll probably be working most closely with ... but I'll have that chance soon enough, I guess. I should be back here to stay by the second week of August."
"Oh, well, that's pretty soon, then. Like just a few weeks?"
"Yeah. And I'm sure it'll take me most of that time to decide what all to bring with me, and what to leave behind," I chuckled. "On occasion I've been accused of being a pack rat. And that's pretty accurate, I'll have to admit."
Kerri smiled, stood, then sauntered toward the refrigerator. "I think I'd like some orange juice. Would you like something?" I enjoyed gazing at her flawless backside as she walked away from me. The lacy white embellishments of her outfit, as I have already recounted several times now, made her look stunning. Yes, I'd like something, but it wasn't orange juice.
"Uh, no," I stammered. "I'm good, thanks."
Kerri grabbed a glass from the overhead cabinet, then opened the refrigerator and leaned down into the open door of the refrigerator.
"Anyway, that's so cool that you're moving here. Brett will be really excited when he finds out," she said, as she poured herself some juice. "Who did you say you worked for?" She turned around to face me and raised the glass to her lips to take a sip.
"Actually, I don't think I said," I responded, "but it's a mid-sized accounting firm named IBK."
She swallowed and raised her eyebrows in surprise.
"You're kidding!" Kerri chirped. "Because IBK is the company that I work f—"
She stopped suddenly and gasped. "Wait ... you're the new head ..." she began, a momentous revelation dawning on her, triggering the same in me a split second later, "... of the tax division?"
I quit breathing myself for a moment. "Yeah," I nodded. "And you must be ... my new assistant ... who was out of the office this week?"
I watched while the blood drained from her face. I think right then she was reflecting on the fact that the man on the other side of the kitchen had been instrumental in bringing her to a shuddering climax the night before, during which time his mouth and tongue had been planted firmly in a most intimate spot on her body, right between her legs. That she had divulged to him her kinkiest secrets about what she did for fun during her work hours. That she was standing in front of that man while wearing lacy lingerie that left precisely nothing to the imagination. Oh, yes ... and that man, in an extraordinary coincidence, turns out to be her new boss. I'm guessing that was what was going through her mind, anyway. Just a hunch.
I had some thoughts of my own, of course. Not least among these was that moving to Dayton had just become much more enticing.
Neither of us knew what to say for a long moment. I breathed first, I think, which meant I could speak.
"Wow. This is a bit awkward." Sorry, it was the best I could come up with.
That understatement prodded her enough to respond, but first she set the glass and carton down heavily and grasped the edge of the counter, seemingly for support.
"No shit." Kerri paused and inhaled deeply, her body reminding her that it needed some air. She was looking up, but her eyes were closed. "I'm just so, so, so sorry! I had no idea you were—" Again she paused, inhaling and exhaling deeply. She seemed to be trying to collect herself, because she straightened her shoulders and looked at me again. I noticed she didn't let go of the counter, though.
"Um, listen, if you ... if you want me to submit my resignation, I can ... I'll do that first thing on Monday morning." Her shoulders drooped again and she looked deflated. "All I ask is that you don't, well, spread around what you've learned about me." Her eyes started tearing up, and she dabbed at one with her knuckle.
I had other thoughts.
"Actually, Kerri," I said, "while I have to admit this is an unexpected surprise, I can't think of a better one." That brought her eyes to mine. "I'd really like for you to continue in your current role as my assistant."
I went on, "I don't see any reason anyone else needs to know about this, Kerri. It can remain just between us." To make sure she understood what I meant, I emphasized the point. "All of it."
Kerri plainly knew what "all" meant in this case. She perked up a little, then asked, "Really? You'd do that for me?" She looked at me hopefully. "I do like my job. And I ... we do need it."
"Well," I responded, "let me just stipulate that I wouldn't want our ... um, our interaction this weekend to influence or interfere with your usual work habits. I expect you to prepare for and conduct yourself on the job just as you did prior to my arrival."
Sure, I delivered that message just as one would expect a manager to address a subordinate. But Kerri was not dense. Even under her current stress, she caught the thinly veiled message I was sending, raising her eyebrows and even cracking a one-sided smile to let me know she understood. Some color started to work its way back into her cheeks.
At the same time, I was fully aware that I was taking a big risk saying what I did. Any HR manager would have my head on a platter for inappropriate use of influence. Essentially I had just asked her to continue shedding her panties at work, and to adorn her body with lust-inducing lingerie like what she was wearing now. I could only hope that because I just saved her job and, potentially, her reputation, Kerri would see fit to return the favor and not nuke mine. After the words were off my lips and irretrievable, I just hoped my instincts were correct.
Kerri picked up the glass in front of her and took a sip, composing herself. "Well, let me just say how much I appreciate that." Her eyes brightened and she treated me to her sexy smile, then added, "I can tell you're going to be a great boss. I think I'm really going to like working under you."
Whether she chose those particular words intentionally or not, I can't be sure. There is certainly more than one way to interpret the "under you" part. From the look she gave me, I tend to think it wasn't accidental.
Kerri turned away to return the juice carton to the refrigerator, then walked back toward me with amazing poise and confidence. The full frontal captivated me. Again.
"Well, now that we have that out of the way," she said, "I think I need to get you to the airport, right?"
------
And she did.
Dressed exactly as she was, she chauffeured me there. I noticed she threw an oversize t-shirt in the back seat, no doubt for insurance in case she got pulled over or something, but that is where it stayed. On the trip Kerri chatted about a variety of things, some about Dayton, some about work, some about Brett, and I honestly tried to pay attention. Initially I tried not to stare at her; ultimately, I gave up resisting and simply drank in the spectacle of my nearly naked driver/personal assistant. She didn't seem nervous at all, so I thought it quite likely this wasn't her first time driving this way. I did notice, though, that her headlights were on high beam the entire trip (not the ones on the car), so it seemed her lovely body was turned on by the situation, despite her casual air. How tempted I was to reach over and caress those nipples to confirm they were as hard as they looked, or even to probe a finger within the folds between her legs to feel how wet she was ... but I remained a gentleman (if you don't count my ogling).
It was interesting to glance at drivers and passengers in cars next to us when we stopped for red lights. True, the top wasn't open like it was last night, but as far as I could tell, in 100% of the cases they were oblivious to what they missed in the car next to them, even though some would have had a clear view. Their loss. But if they wouldn't look, I figured it was my duty to make up for their inattention, so I gave her all of mine.
Ultimately Kerri dropped me at the curb for departures, so I thanked her for the exemplary passenger experience and headed in to catch my flight. I never expected to actually be reluctant to head back home. But after my visit, I was now truly looking forward to my transfer to Dayton.
Thank you, IBK. Thank you, Dayton. Thank you, Brett.
And thank you, Kerri.