© 2011 H.M. Needham, all rights reserved
*
Caleb had hardly even skipped a beat. Thinking back on the afternoon this happened, I suppose it was a sign he was going to be a really cool lover. But I'm getting ahead of myself. We had met several years ago but only started dating when we found ourselves in a college class together. This story is all about how we had been caught red handed so to speak. So let's go back to how this all came to pass.
Caleb and I had gone to his place after our college class was over. We had the place to ourselves, or so we thought. As soon as the door closed behind us Caleb had his hands all over me. He had pressed me up against the wall in the front hall. He grabbed my ass with one hand while he pulled my head to his so he could kiss me hard on the lips. I reached down between us and fumbled with his belt buckle. He broke our kiss and moved back to give me room to undo his belt. He reached out and unbuttoned my skirt at the side and pulled the zipper down. My skirt fell to the floor at my feet and I stepped out of it. By now I had his jeans undone and they fell down past his thighs.
I got on my knees and tugged at his boxer shorts, pulling them over his stiffening cock. I loved how his cock would bounce up when released from his waistband. When Caleb's cock sprang into view it always brought a smile to my face.
I reached out and noted how the contrast of my white skin against his chocolate brown cock was stark. Caleb had teased me right from the start about how I would never go back once I'd had black. I certainly loved Caleb and his cock so I had no interest in going back. My only interest right now was getting that beautiful cock into my mouth. Caleb leaned back against the same wall he'd pressed me to and sighed as I took the tip of his cock into my mouth. He knew by now that I would not rush this moment. I savored the feeling of his cock expanding in my hands as he got more and more aroused. It felt so powerful to know that he wanted me so. His cock was throbbing as I started to suck on the tip. I pulled my hand along the length of his shaft pressing the head to my lips as I let just a bit more into my waiting mouth. I sucked about a third of his shaft into my mouth as I ran my tongue along the underside of it. Caleb knew that I enjoyed this part of foreplay. He also knew that I loved it when he called me dirty names as I sucked his cock.
"That's it Helen, suck my cock. You know you love sucking my black cock. My hot little black cock sucker."
Now he was getting me wet, calling me his black cock sucker. We had both gotten adept at this little game between us. I knew he liked me taking my time sucking his cock and he knew that I loved being reminded that a sexy black guy called me 'his' cock sucker.
Truth be told, I had to admit that one of the first things that had attracted me to Caleb was his beautiful brown skin. The fact that he was also quite handsome and very fit certainly didn't hurt his cause. When he asked me out on that first date five years ago, I didn't hesitate at all. But that is another story. I had his cock almost fully hard by now. I raised my head and smiled up at him when I said, "I want this thing in me Caleb. Let's go to the sofa."
Caleb wasted no time in pushing of the wall and lifting my elbow to help me stand up. He kicked off his jeans and shorts and we walked to the sofa. I lay sat down and lay back and put one leg up on the sofa as he kneeled between my legs. I saw him grip his cock and point it right at my waiting cunny. We'd fucked enough that it took no time at all for him to lean forward and press his cock head to my wet lips. I felt the familiar pressure spread my lips as he leaned forward.
"Shit, Helen, you are so wet. You have such a tight cunt. Fuck my black cock."
Caleb never failed to get me wet talking to me like this. I rolled my hips back so he has easy access to press his cock straight into me. I had learned that what I liked was for him to drive his cock deep into me in one quick thrust when we first started to fuck. Not to put too fine a point on it, but I didn't want to 'fuck around'. I wanted his black cock deep in me right away.
And I didn't mind talking a bit dirty right back at him., "God, fuck me hard Caleb!"
I heard that familiar grunt when he pushed his cock up into me and I saw his closed eye lids flutter as he felt his cock slide in. His grunt was followed by a hiss as he exhaled. "Damn, that feels so good Helen."
We started our 'dance' with me rolling my hips forward and he drove in and I rolled back as he withdrew, savoring the feeling of my cunt sliding against his hard cock. Back and forth, in and out, we developed out rhythm quickly and were fucking quite hard when I heard something from behind the sofa. I heard his mum's voice!
"Sorry..." was all she said!
Caleb had stopped fucking and looked up over the back of the sofa. In this brief moment, I felt his cock twitch inside me. He looked over and I heard footsteps receding out of the room. Caleb looked down at me and grinned. He GRINNED!!! Then he drove his cock back into me!!!
So, as I said at the outset, he had hardly even missed a beat, the fucker! His mum had been home after all. She had been thoughtful enough to bring a tray of food in to share with us and had caught us fucking on her own sofa!!! Bless her heart, she had not made a big deal of it. But to simply say 'Sorry', as if she had been the one who had been caught, well, that surprised me to no end.
It seems Caleb was going to be a very interesting lover. I knew then that his mum not only approved of me, but approved of her 19 year old son fucking a white girl in her own home!!! I smiled up at him as he fucked me harder and harder and finally he came and pumped his cum into me.
I thought to myself, I think I'm going to like his mum a lot!
I hope you liked Chapter one....