Sara could scarcely believe what she was reading, even refreshing the page as if to confirm the news blurb was real. Pierre Dubois, her favorite french director was coming to her college town to film his newest film. The college junior had a passion for movies and adored everything he had ever done, even having learned a bit of french to watch the films without subtitles. Not only was Dubois coming to her town, but there was to be a casting call looking for actors that was open to the public. Sara was nearly beside herself in eagerness, hardly believing there was a chance to be even considered to work with Dubois. He was known for shooting with little known or even first time actors, believing it added to a certain authenticity. He was also known for his films being a bit more racy than mainstream films, always pushing boundaries and exploring new ideas.
Always wanting to study film, she had been pressured by her parents to pick a major that would lead towards a more lucrative career, settling on civil engineering. Still she had chosen a few film classes to fill out some electives, those always being her most favorite to attend. Sara had even flirted a few times with trying out for a few student films when they offered chances to be in them, but had always ultimately decided against them. She had a good head on her shoulders but her classwork took most of her free time. What time was left was soaked up by a part time job at a coffee shop on campus to earn a little money, leaving her little time for anything like a commitment to a club or even having much of a social life.
But this was far too big an opportunity to pass up Sara would tell herself, this chance overwhelming her arguments against it. Filling out the short application online with a wide grin, Sara would add the date to her calendar, circling in bright red and surrounding it with exclamation points. The following days before the casting was spent in nervous anticipation, she would hardly focus in class as she daydreamed of what background role she might get, of how she might possibly even at the very least be in the same room with the acclaimed director.
When the day came she arrived at the earliest possible hour to the warehouse like building that was being used for the casting call. After signing in she chose to sit near the back of the rows of chairs, nervously flipping through the pages of papers she was given explaining how the process was going to be done.
Unlike any normal auditions she would not be trying out for any particular role, instead during the interview the director would either create a role for her or not. Dubois started his filming process with just a vague idea, building up the whole plot in a more natural way as he brought in actors and filmed. For this film the central idea spelled out in the instruction papers was of an awakening for a shy couple. They would slowly be exposed to more and more around them, culminating in watching another couple have sex at a party before finally doing it themselves doing it themselves.
Sara thought the story was a beautiful and romantic one, and just exactly the type the director excelled at. She had to suppress a giggle at having a chance to perhaps have a small role in it. She would run through what sort of background character she might be in her head as the seats started to fill and names eventually started to be called up for their interview in a small room at the front of the main seating area.
As names were called up Sara would glance up to see who was also auditioning. She would spot a few faces she knew, some classmates from various classes and even a teacher or two. She wanted to find someone to join but the whole room seemed still and quiet and to get up and talk to someone and break that stillness seemed wrong for some reason and continued to sit by herself. But most of the faces were strangers, and Sara judged that a fair bit of the town also jumped at the chance to be in the film and felt her chances to be on film slim down to a near impossibility. She contented herself at being at least to even see Dubois in person, grinning in her seat still.
When her name was finally called her excitement would turn to nervousness, her legs almost shaking as she stood up. She would slowly make her way up front to where an assistant awaited her, opening the door and gesturing her in. Taking a deep breath and steadying her resolve Sara would step in. It was a small mostly unfurnished room with just a small table topped with papers and a few chairs dotted around.
She would nearly gasp when she saw the director but still herself, holding her hands together as she awaited instruction. With Dubois would be another assistant, a short woman in a vest.
"Please stand in the center of the room." She would ask with a fair french accent, gesturing towards a mark taped on the floor as Dubois stood quiet with his hand on his chin, softly looking over her. Doing as she was asked, Sara would turn towards them, her eyes moving between the pair.
"She has a pretty face." Dubois would say to the assistant as he started to circle Sara.
At the comment Sara would feel herself blushing slightly, suddenly aware of how casually she was dressed in grey yoga pants and a loose sweater. She would curse herself for not dressing up for the casting and not doing something more interesting with her makeup. "Do you need me to read any lines?" She would inquire in a meek voice as he continued to circle her.
"No no no, I am not thinking about a speaking role for you." he would say with a shake of his head.
Suppressing a frown Sara would rebuke herself in her head again, for of course she would only at best get a small background role without any lines. The real roles would go to someone with some experience, maybe someone from the film club or in the theater department, not a simple enthusiast like her.
"No, this role will not need a voice to speak to the audience, the body will say so much more." He would say to the puzzlement of Sara. "Can you take off the... that sweater." He would ask, searching for a moment for the right english word.
Nodding, Sara would reach down to lift off the sweater, revealing the thin white shirt she wore underneath. She would also reveal her firm butt now that the long sweater didn't hang over it, and also her narrow waist. Her chest would press out against the tight undershirt, the bra covering her 34DD breasts poking out at the edges of the shirt. Sara had always been proud of keeping fit, knowing she cut a good figure the rare times she decided to show it off. She didn't get didn't get annoyed at the attention of guys when they saw how pretty she was, but she still hid it more often than not as Sara was dedicated to focusing on her classes and getting her degree and didn't want a boyfriend or dealing with dating to slow that down.
As Sara placed her sweater down on a nearby chair she would feel his eyes move all over her 5'5" frame and she would feel the heat in her cheeks rise a bit more. Her heart would beat a little faster at having someone really look her over, exciting her in a way she didn't expect at all as she stood nervously awaiting his appraisal. His assistant would also not be shy in looking her over, and standing opposite Sara the college junior would glance from time to time at her, trying to search her expression for any sign of approval or judgement at all. But the face stayed passive, betraying nothing of what she thought of Sara at all.
As he surveyed her body Dubois would nod and give a few comments to his assistant in french that was too fast for Sara to follow. "Yes, she will do." he would say in english, turning his eyes up to Sara's and stopping his slow circling.
"But I need an actor who is dedicated to my vision." He would say to her in a way that made the statement a question.
"Yes," She would stammer out, "I watched all your films dozens of times, you're a genius, I'd do whatever I could for your film." She would say quickly, looking up to him hopefully.
"Then you will be my star, the woman who shows the couple what passion truly is. If you accept to do what the role requires." He would say with a nod. Sara's mind would race as she tried to sort out what he said, her eyes widening when she figured it out. He wanted her to be the woman in the couple at the end, the one that has sex at the party. Fear, surprise, joy and an unexpected thrill would all mix together as she realized the importance and daring nature of what she was being offered. A quick deliberation ran through her mind. She couldn't say no, not to this sort of chance. However risque the themes of Dubois' films were they were always still tastefully done she told the part of her that shook at the idea of being part of a sex scene.
"Yes, whatever the role requires." She would say with a new resolve. The director would flash her a smile at her acceptance and nod to the assistant, who would quickly grab a few mores and hand them to Sara. "Sign these, and make sure you are available on these dates." The assistant would guide her. In all she would really only have to carve out a few days of her schedule, as her part only came in towards the end of filming which would relieve her, not wanting to have to miss much of her classes.
"Do not forget this," The director would say, flashing her a grin and handing her back her sweater.
"Of course," Sara would say, grabbing it and giggling softly. Putting it back on she would wait to see if the interview was over.
"Make sure to be on time, I look forward to working with you." He would tell her before nodding towards the door. Thanking them profusely Sara would take her leave, feeling like she was walking on air as she left the interview room.
She was going to be one of the leading roles in Pierre Dubois' latest film, she could not even believe the thought but looking down at a copy of the papers she signed it was spelled out plainly. Stepping outside she would clutch the papers to her chest and squeal in delight, spinning around for a moment. She, Sara Thompson, a 21 year old college junior was going to star in acclaimed director's, her favorite director, newest film. It was just too sweet to even say out loud. As she headed home she had to stop herself from skipping so giddy she felt, as if nothing could darken her day if it tried.
This jubilant spirit would carry her through the long days between then and when filming would start. Though her scene wouldn't be till the last bit she hung around during the first few days as much as her class schedule and workload allowed, watching how they built the scenes and ran through the actual filming to prepare herself for when it was her on the other side of the cameras. The director worked in a near hectic pace, changing his mind again and again and caring not for any that could not keep up with him. Those that stopped to argue or even sometimes ask for clarification were at best waved off, though Dubois could as easily decide to scrap that person's role altogether rather than wait for them to get onboard with his instructions. It was clear that it was a do or die environment and action and obedience were qualities in high regard where caution or questioning were grounds for removal.
These lessons Sara took in quickly, steeling herself to take in instruction without hesitation, ready to do anything for the director's creative vision. And that wouldn't be too hard Sara would tell herself, since any idea a creative genius such as Dubois would have would be right, and she certainly wasn't someone with any experience to challenge anything he might say.
Other than that Sara noticed a curious focus on making things as realistic as possible. It puzzled her as there weren't a lot of effects that were not already real till she had a short talk with one of the crew. She found out that Dubois' most recent film had been panned by a few critics for lacking in realism and the film hadn't been released at all because of it. Apparently they didn't believe the connection between the actors and thought the director had used too many sneaky camera angles to hide parts of scenes some of the actors hadn't wanted to actually do. Though curious about what sort of scenes they had to employ that sort of technique, the explanation satisfied Sara's curiosity about the heavy emphasis placed on authenticity and realism.
It was a fun time for Sara overall being able to watch the filming process, something she had wished she was able to do for a long time and was only able to partially satisfy with interviews and behind the scenes clips. The whole process seemed magical, a whirring machine that somehow at the end created wonderful pieces of art. And she made a few friends with some of the crew and some of the other actors during breaks and quieter times. She was intrigued by the crew's stories and explanations, granting her heaps of more knowledge about what was happening around her than any googling had previously given her. It surprised her that almost all of the other actors had just about as much experience as her, though you would hardly know it in how well the director was able to guide them into giving great performances with just a few well placed words.
Her background anxiety about being able to fulfill her role adequately slowly ebbed away as she watched a raw amateur go from stuttering his line to a solid read in just a few takes. She was certain if she just listened to what Dubois told her to do she would do fine, and it was more in his hands than hers, as long as she followed his word.
Waking up the day of her scene, Sara was nearly beside herself in excitement, waking up hours early than she normally did to prepare as much as she could. She wore a wide smile as she walked to where the scene was being filmed that day, a house a fraternity had loaned to the film that they normally used for hosting house parties. The set was quite busy even though she had arrived early, and she would have to move through a sea of people to get to makeup to start to get prepared.
Settling in at the chair Sara thought how nice it was to have someone dedicated to doing her makeup and hair and getting everything ready for her appearance on camera. She was pleasantly surprised when it turned out it would be a whole team of people and she would be almost overwhelmed as they focused on her. Everything from her nails to her eyebrows to her lipstick was attended to, nearly all at once. Constant requests to raise her hand or shut her eyes or lean one way or another kept her occupied for well over an hour as she was prenned over and at points pruned.
When the last makeup artist finally finished and stepped back Sara took a deep breath before looking into the mirror. She was amazed at what she found in the reflection, gasping softly. Never in her life before had she looked so stunning, all done up without the make-up being too heavy or looking gaudy. Her wavy soft brown hair floated down to her shoulders in a way she had never been able to accomplish. Every one of her good features highlighted while everything else was covered up, she would have never dreamed she could look so good. She would have sat staring at herself and examining her reflection at every angle she could but shortly after a voice drew her away.
"Time to get dressed." A voice would say from behind, causing her to turn. One of the cast would nod towards where the outfits were with a smile. "The director picked your dress out himself." she would tell Sara with a wink.
Smiling to herself Sara would stand up from the chair, his mind all a flutter at what sort of dress had been chosen for her, knowing that it just had to be as perfect as everything else was turning out to be. Moving towards the racks of clothes she would be given a garment bag and a shoebox. "You can change in there, just make sure to wear only what's in the bag." She would be instructed after what had been turned into a changing room was pointed out to her. Once inside she would open up the bag eagerly, finding a small red dress, black lace panties, and a making black lace choker.
Her eyes would narrow at the exclusion of a bra, especially when felt how thin the dress was. She would turn to head out the door and ask about it when the instructions she was given came back into her mind. She remembered how well complaints had been handled thus far and became uneasy about making anything of a fuss. Shifting her weight between her feet as she deliberate, she would take a few moments before deciding to try it on first at least.
Taking off her shirt and bra she would catch a glance of her in a mirror, smiling at the view. She was proud of how pert her large breasts were, staying up even without the support of the bra. She would run her hands over them once before turning away. Kicking off her shoes and pulling off her socks, her jeans and panties followed shortly after, folding all her clothes in a small pile in a corner.
Standing up bare and naked she would stop to admire herself in the mirror once again. Her hands would idly run over her sides as they traced her hourglass shape. Her doubt of why the director had picked her for this role was eased some as she enjoyed her beauty, highlighted well by the work the artists had done. She would turn back to the clothes she had unpacked from the garment bag, slipping on the tiny panties before holding out the dress. It was a short strappy piece, and small enough that Sara was sure it would hug her every curve. The neckline gave her pause for a moment, as it was deep enough that a generous amount of cleavage would be sure to show at the very least.
Taking in a deep breath she would put the dress on, having to shift and struggle a little as it pulled tightly to her. Sara would sigh out as she found the dress ending not far down her thigh and she would make a mental note to be careful about any bending down or sitting she would do that evening as to not flash anyone. Turning to the mirror she would find her suspicions about the neckline to be true as it plunged far down her chest, the inner sides of her breasts fully on display. That fact would nearly distract her from her next worry about the clothing she was given. Already her nipples would be fairly evident under the fabric, poking out slightly but enough to be seen if someone was looking. Biting her lip she would let out a groan before sighing out and giving in. If the director had picked this out himself than it had to be right she convinced herself.
Opening the shoe box Sara would find a strappy pair of sandals, quite cute in her eyes. She would smile at this, happy she found at least one piece of her outfit pleasing. Turning back once she had put them on she would get the last piece of her outfit, fitting the choker around her neck. Facing the mirror she'd appraise herself once more.
Sara would let out a soft gasp as she saw her reflection. Though she had admired her nude body just minutes before the figure in front of her now seemed to scream sex even more than her bare form. Turning this way and that her surprise would not stop as she examined each angle. A sudden fear and going out of the room and being seen like that filled her before another stronger reaction pushed it down. No, deep down she wanted to go out like this, having denied showing off her body so long now here it was presented in a way she never could have done by herself, and damned if she wasn't going to use this chance. The sudden shift still surprised her though, and it would take several moments before the feeling had been made concrete in her mind. Taking a deep breath and building up her resolve, Sara would turn towards the door, taking small steps at first that grew to a confident stride as she exited out.
The area was even busier than when she had arrived, people pushing past each other all with important tasks that could not be delayed. But slowly, almost one by one, heads would turn towards her and feet would still as they took her in. Standing still at the entrance to the make up area Sara would glance about the faces turned to her, nervousness wanting to make her legs shake but a warmth building up in her cheeks, and more surprisingly to her, in between her legs.
"Back to work, everyone." A voice would call out that would break the spell. Turning back to their work the bustle would begin again, though a small rift would form as the speaker of the command approached Sara through it. "You look perfect, my dear." The director would say with a soft smile, his eyes running up and down her body for a moment. "Come with me," He would add, turning back and gesturing for her to follow as the tides of people parted for him and his path.
Sara would have to step quickly to keep up as the press closed in shortly behind him. He would lead her to the one place that was clear of people, the shooting location. It consisted of a large open living room with several couches and some side tables as well as a fairly decent kitchen for a party house with an island at its center.
"This will be our scene," The director would begin to explain. "Our couple will be in the living room, and you and your partner will be in the kitchen, at the island." he would tell Sara. The thought of having to act with a partner had for one reason or another been absent in her mind and her new found confidence would waiver some. Who would they be, would he be kind, handsome? Her doubts had scarce time to settle before the director would continue.
"They will not notice you at first, so we will not bother with any foreplay but cut to the chase. They will see you, grow interested in your passion and then find a room to themselves to explore on their own." He would list out, beating out the basic pacing. "I will direct each step, so do not worry yourself with any of the timing, it will become clear on its own." He would add. "Go ahead and wait over there, the rest are almost done with make up." he would finish with, nodding towards the kitchen island.
Walking over to the kitchen Sara would notice some props people beginning to fill the area with various things, pillows on the couches and some drinks scattered around the kitchen. A bottle of wine would be set near her as she leaned lightly on her side against the island. "Go ahead and have a drink if you like, just don't spill it anywhere." The props person would tell her, handing her a glass.
With the thought of acting with a partner, especially acting with a partner in a sex scene, no matter how tastefully done, weighing heavily on her mind Sara would nod, pouring out a glass and taking a deep sip. She'd watch each new person arrive into the area, searching for anyone who might be him as she sipped more lightly on the wine. Her search would be mostly in vain, as each new person turned out to be a background actor, slowly forming a small crowd in the living room and kitchen.
Eventually a soft tap on her shoulder that nearly made her jump would break her observation of every newcomer. "Sara right?" A voice would ask, and as she turned to face it she'd see a familiar face. "We had physics together, even had the same TA." He'd add in a gentle but low voice, a soft smile shining back at her as he offered his hand for a shake.
It would take a second but his added information would finally make it click in Sara's head. "Ryan, right." She would ask with a smile. "You always helped me figure out what that TA was saying, I could never pierce through his accent." she would say with a chuckle, shaking her hand.
"I had a lot of floormates my freshmen year that were Indian, helped train my ear." He would say with a chuckle. "I didn't expect to see you here, but I'm glad." He would tell Sara.
"Oh, it's great to see a friendly face, of course." Sara would reply. She'd leave off how shocked she was to see him there as well. Ryan had always been a soft spoken quiet guy, definitely not the type she had expected to audition for something like this. "So you're one of the extras, where did they place you?" She would ask him, wondering how close he might be to her and her acting partner, blushing slightly at the thought of someone she knew seeing her act out a sex scene, no matter how subtle.
"They did not tell you, huh." Ryan would say as he narrowed his brow. "They pointed you out to me right away. I am ummm, well I did not think I would have to tell you this." He would slightly stammer out. "Well I am going to be acting with you for this scene." He would tell her, running his hand through his hair.
Sara would be dumbstruck at the statement. Someone like Ryan had never crossed her mind when she was picturing her possible co-actor. Sure, he was not hideous by any means, possibly even cute, but he was so quiet, almost entirely passive that an idea like acting in a sex scene for a art film almost seemed crazy to put his name in any context near it. But as she looked at him, his hair styled in a messy way that looked like it was so effortlessly confident that it must have taken the make up artists as long as it did on her hair. And his clothing, dark slacks and a tight white button tee that was tight enough to show a muscled torso she would have never have guessed he possessed and that was unbuttoned enough to show a hint of chest hair. It took a bit of resolve not to bite her lip as he took him in for the first time that night.
Looking down at herself for a moment Sara realized that he would have had probably never seen her in anything other than loose oversized shirts and baggy sweatpants, and seeing her as she was now would probably be a bigger shock than it was to see him in a way that made her heart beat faster just at the sight, and triply so at the suggestion that they might do something that would even subtly involve the idea of sex.
"You look great, by the way." he would say, causing her heart to race even faster and a blush to rise quickly in her cheeks.
"So do you," She would tell him in a near whisper before draining down the rest of her glass of wine. "So, have they told you much of what we're to do?" She would ask him, looking everywhere but his.
"Not much, just that we are to be here, and the main plot points. Apparently the director will guide us on his own and we will just have to listen to him." Ryan would say with a shrug before noticing her refilling her drink. "Are you nervous," he'd ask her in a lower voice.
"A bit," Sara would answer quickly. "Are you?" She would ask back, turning back towards him and feeling the heat in her cheeks rise a bit more.
"Yeah, a bit." Ryan would say with a chuckle, giving her a wide smile. "But as long as we do what the director tells us, it shouldn't be too hard, eh?" He'd suggest with a smirk and a wink.
His casual confidence would boost Sara's own, quieting a bit of her uneasiness. "Yeah, just follow instructions and we'll be fine." she would say with a soft laugh.
Their conversation would be broken by a loud word from what Sara easily identified as the director. "Okay, we are about ready, anyone not supposed to be in the scene please leave the area." he would command, and a short scuffling of persons would take place till the place stilled once more. "Good, now we have our couple," he would say, pointing out two people Sara did not know but were separated from the main group on the set, "And our stars," He'd add, pointing to Sara and Ryan. "Everyone else, make sure not to move in between them and the cameras, if the cameras move then stay where you are, but otherwise make sure there is a clean view between the cameras and our couple," He'd pause, pointing out an impressive nine cameras, "And our focus," He'd state, pointing out the first couple and then Ryan and Sara once more.
As the set quieted the director would step aside, gesturing for the scene to begin. It was obvious the first couple had been given more instructions than either Sara or Ryan as they began to speak and move in certain ways as all the cameras swiveled towards them. Sara would keep still, watching the performance with an eager curiosity, wondering at how her part would impact it. Ryan would turn his curiosity towards Sara instead, his heart beating nearly as fast as her's as he watched how her body twisted as she leaned forward, more curves than he could have ever imagined being on sharp display to his eager eyes.
All of a sudden both their focuses would be broken by a few whispered words. "Sara, lean over the island, Ryan, hold her hips and press your's against her." The director's voice still distinct despite the softness
Sara would be quick to follow the command, even when her dress rode up a little more as she bent over the island, her lessons learned from watching the filming at how important the director's words were not being wasted and she'd continue despite it. Ryan would be a little more hesitant, though not from being uneager to be closer to Sara. Nonetheless he'd reach for her hips, his grip somewhat pulling up the hem of her dress even more because of the direction of his hands' movement. He would hold his breath as his semi stiff cock pressed forward against his jeans, certainly being able to be felt by Sara because of their closeness.
Feeling a sudden stiffness pressed against her Sara would look back, a face of surprise turning towards Ryan. His face would give a soft apology without words, all that he could give without breaking the scene.
"No, her dress is too low." Dubois would say from now from afar. "It looks fake, pull it up."
Sara would feel heart skip a beat, already feeling like she was nearly flashing half the extras with a view of her panties but her response was still to pull back her dress over her waist, giving everyone a full view of her shapely and firm ass, pressing it even bit more back against Ryan's hips in a hope to fix whatever problem there was for good. Again an unexpected heat rose up in between her legs as the thought of her ass being presented for view to the large crowd entered her mind.
"That's better," The directors would quickly come over to comment, a bit nearer this time. "But his pants need to be pulled down, they can not look like they are all the way up." His edit would quickly follow.
Ryan would pause, looking between where he heard the director's voice coming from and to Sara. Slowly he would unbutton his trousers, lowering them somewhat and moving back against her, his growingly engorged cock pressing now more directly against Sara. Little separated them now that her dress hem resided above her hips and his pants near his knees, the soft fabric of his underwear pressing against the skin of her ass and the light fabric of her panties.
Her heart would only race faster as the press, a soft desire slowly becoming more insistent deep inside her as Sara felt him against her. She was partially surprised at how he could be aroused under all the pressure and attention, but considering the wetness she was starting to feel in between her legs she could hardly blame him. Without even looking down she knew that now her nipples would be a hard to miss sight as they stiffened and pointed out against the dress.
"Now thrust a bit, make it look like you are actually doing something." Would come the next direction to Ryan. He would make a good effort at it, his hips rocking back and forth, the head of his penis prodding against Sara's panties again and again. Despite herself a soft moan would push past her lips at the teasing movement, and she would start to press her hips back to meet his thrusts as if to ask for more.
"Yes, yes, give us moans, tell us how you like it." The director would instruct. The words would break Sara's concentration, suddenly aware once more of the fact that she was being filmed and watched by a large group. Glancing now about she would find herself wordless, shocked a bit before a greater arousal at being shown off so grew up within her. She would attempt another moan, though this once a little more forced and she would see a low frown form on the director's face.
Shaking his head he would step near them again. "I can see the gap between your hips, it is not looking real." he would say with something approaching a scowl. "My films must be authentic, take off the underwear." He would command, looking at Ryan.
Ryan would freeze at the idea, his hands holding the band of his underwear but not moving. Looking back and seeing his indecision and knowing how disastrous that could be, especially seeing the expression on the director's face at the moment, she would reach back. "It's okay," She would whisper to him, turning and pulling down his underwear for him. She would try and keep her eyes up but they would be drawn down as her hands slide down the last coverage of his cock. She would gasp softly when it finally sprung out, the size making her heart skip a beat. Her amazement would continue when its movement showed it wasn't even fully erect yet. Sara was no virgin despite her dating inexperience, but any man she had been with paled in comparison with the cock facing her now.
As Sara stared with wide eyes she would hear a soft murmur pass around the crowd around them as they all took in the sight but the director didn't let the viewing last uninterrupted for long. "Go again, make it look real." he would tell them, stepping back. Ryan would look Sara in the eyes as if asking permission to which she would give him a soft nod, through her eyes would betray a more eager want. Taking a deep breath he would reach down and raise his penis to press against her panties before rocking his hips back and forth again as Sara prayed that this looked real enough for the director.
Her prays would be opposed by a growing desire for the teasing press of his cock against her would be ended and he would take her for real and one of her hands would reach up to squeeze one of her breasts, her back arching up a bit as another moan escaped her lips as Ryan continued to press his hips and cock against her. How long this went on with his growingly stiff penis rubbed against her panties Sara could not tell, her mind spent on trying to not focus on how many people were watching her as well as trying not to show how good it felt to be teased, especially in front of a crowd.
Sara's focus would be ruined once more by the voice of the director. "I can see her panties in the frame, it's clearly not real." He would spit out, adding a curse in french along with it. "Pull them off," Would come the obvious next command and the biggest fear and desire in Sara's heart. With a hand clutching her breast and the other holding the island's edge she would look back once more to Ryan. Again her eyes would meet his with a silent question between them, and again after a moment she would give him approval, biting her lip in anticipation. Slowly he'd reach out, moving his thumbs under the sides of the lace panties, holding them there for a moment before gently guiding them down over her hips. Sara would shut her eyes as she was exposed to any who wished to view her, a thrill running through her body as her shaved pussy was put on display.
"No no no," The director's voice would once more call out. Sara's eyes would dart open and turn to the director at the sounds, suddenly worried there was something wrong with her, that somehow she was not good enough. "He's not even hard," he would complain, looking at Sara. "This will not do at all, suck him till he is hard please."
This next direction would freeze Sara and Ryan, beyond want either of them thought would realistically happen that night, though the idea was not foriegn to either of them after the events of the last few minutes. The hesitation would frustrated the director and he would shake his head. "Can I find any one willing to work for art," He would muse to himself in disappointment, which would sink Sara's heart, seeing herself fail in the eyes of her greatest idol. With a snap the director would bring forward one of his assistants and speak a quick word of french with her. With a nod the assistant would step forward and kneel in front of Ryan, reaching out to his cock and quickly wrapping her lips around it.
The sight would draw a greater number of murmurs from the crowd, though Ryan himself was rendered speechless, the surprise overwhelming even most of the pleasure from the girl's efforts. Sara on the other hand could only feel like a failure, unable to rise to the need of the moment and create true art. The weight of it was too much for her and seeing only one way to redeem herself she would turn and kneel beside the assistant in front of Ryan. Pulling her off him she would reach up to stroke him as she looked at the director, "No, no. I can do it, I can make real art." she would tell him as if it was a promise before turning back and wrapping her own lips around the penis in her hand.
Though Sara was no expert in giving head, Ryan's shock would soon give into her lips and tongue as she ran it over the underside of his length and he would stiffen and grow inside her mouth. She would continue to suck his cock and when she looked up into his eyes he'd let out a moan. "That is enough girl, he should be fine now." The director would say, though Sara would continue to bob her head down the first few inches of Ryan's length before the words struck meaning inside her head. Pulling back she would look up to Ryan, who smiled adoringly down at her, and then to the director in which she found a softer but still pleasant approval. "Get back to your position and resume." The director would say with a wave of his hand and smile.
The smile would send a soar of joy through Sara as she would stand back up and lean over the island once more, making sure to pull her dress back up over her hips. She would even step out of her panties as they hand falled further down when she hand kneeled, ridding them of any possible obstruction now. She would look back to Ryan and bite her lip as she saw now more clearly the full size of his cock as it shot out hard and straight in front of him. It had to be a good 9 inches at least, and thick as any she had seen before in person or even on screen. As he placed his hands on her hips she sighed out in anticipation. They both knew for their hips to meet like the director wanted there was only one way to do it with a object like the one attached to his groin. There would be no way to press it down or to the side without it showing up clear on film. There was only one place for it to go, inside her, deep inside her.
"Thrust now, make your hips meet." Would come the unneeded instructions from the director. Lining up the head of his length against her, Sara would moan softly and Ryan would grin at how wet she was for him. Slowly at first he would begin to press his hips forward, her pussy opening up and wrapping around him tightly. Sara would help, pressing her hips back to meet his as each inch stretched her out more than she had ever felt before.
The both would pause when finally his hips pressed against her rear and his length was fully inside her, both enjoying the sensation for a few moments. But slowly Ryan would begin to pull back and then thrust into her again, building up a slow pace of driving his cock into Sara. Silvery moans would slip through her lips, though they'd be clear in the amazed silence of the set as dozens and dozens of pairs of eyes watch Sara get fucked by a huge cock. The only one besides the two engaged in the act not frozen still was the director, nodding with approval as he watched them. "Just like that, keep going." he would tell them before turning his attention back to the primary couple of the story, beginning to coach them on how to react.
And just like that the set would begin to move like a normal film set once more at the director's prodding, all the while Ryan's dick slid back and forth inside Sara's tight pussy. It would be a few minutes of Sara shutting her eyes as she got used to the thick girth stretching her out as she moaned softly while Ryan groaned, feeling her squeeze around him tightly with each movement before the director had configured the rest of the scene to his liking and returned his attentions to the couple in the kitchen.
"Faster now," He'd say in a voice so casual that it seemed odd against the subject. Taking in a breath Ryan would nod, beginning to move his hips a bit faster, making his hips clap softly against her rear with each thrust. Sara would moan out louder at the change in pace, lifting herself off the counter a little more as she arched her back. Looking out she would meet the eyes of one of classmates, a girl she had shared a math class with sophomore year. What did she think of Sara know, not only getting railed in front of a crowd but a host of cameras filming the act at the same time. Was she horrified, worried for Sara? By her expression Sara guessed something entirely different, perhaps a hint of jealousy, a desire for it to be her there getting filled by Ryan's dick, or to be shown off and made the center of attention. Whatever it was Sara basked in the knowledge that there was a whole room of people watching her, finding it a source of pleasure nearly as good being pounded from behind by Ryan.
Her eyes would shift again and meet a guy that had lived on her floor her freshman year. His expression was much easier to read as a desire filled it. Desire to have her like Ryan was, to take her tight body and use it for himself, to hold her down and fuck her like the slut she was. A short surge of pleasure at calling herself a slut, even just in her mind made her want so badly for Ryan to whisper it in her ear, or failing that just any one of the people watching, to tell her how bad she was for enjoying being fucked in front of a crowd. She wanted the guy she was looking at to choke her and tell her she was a naughty girl. Sara wondered how good his dick would feel inside her, just as surely he was imagining it. It probably wouldn't fill her so fully as Ryan's did, with how he was looking at her he'd pound her hard enough to make up for it. Or perhaps she could suck him off as Ryan kept fucking her, for she suddenly longed for her mouth to be filled with a warm and hard dick again, even though she didn't want Ryan's to leave her pulsing pussy.
All these thoughts were interrupted as so many had by the director's voice once more. "Touch her, feel her, show you want her." he would tell Ryan. A shiver would run through Sara, her body suddenly alight with a need to be touched, and then suddenly for some reason she doubted two hands would be enough. She still would moan out though as Ryan began to explore her body with his hands, one running up her back as the other moved to reach for her breasts. She would reach for the hand at her chest and pull it move firmly at her breasts, needing him to hold and squeeze every bit of her. His grasp would make her dress slip, the already precarious situation of exposing her chest quickly resolving in only having Ryan's firm grip to give her right breast any modesty.
Grunting out now with his thrusts, Ryan would move his hand on her back off only to bring it down in a soft spank against her firm ass. Her moan that mixed with a giggle gave testimony to how much she enjoyed it so he would quickly give her another, this one a little stronger. Looking back at him Sara's eyes would lock on to his, pleading for more in an adoring gaze. He would raise his hand before the director's voice stilled him. "Move to the couch, come closer to us, let them see." He would instruct, standing behind the film's main protagonists and gesturing for them to come closer.
Sara and Ryan would look at each other for a moment before nodding to each other, an unspoken agreement passing between them. Ryan would pull his hips back and Sara would turn towards them. Almost immediately they would embrace each other in a tight press, their lips locked in an intense kiss as she was lifted up by his arms. Her legs would wrap around his waist. He would just hold her as they kissed for a moment before walking slowly over to the other room. He would have to move a hand down to pull his pants and underwear further down, finally kicking them off with his shoes to better move.
Getting to the couch Ryan would place her down before taking off his shirt. Sara would eye his cock hungrily as she nearly tore off her dress in her eagerness, tossing it away without care as she was left bare safe for her sandals and a choker. Stretching out, she would lay on her back, propping up her back against the armrest as she spread her legs for Ryan to move in between them. As she awaited Sara would bite her lower lip, finding Ryan's body as different than imagined as his cock. Him having never spoken of working out his muscled body was a surprise, though a very welcome one. Her heart was beating in a frenzy as she desired to be filled once more, feeling empty without a dick stretching her out. One hand would squeeze one of her breasts, pinching her stiff nipple, as the other reached down to gently rub her clit.
Ryan would not waste much time in getting into position, only taking a short moment to admire Sara laid out for him. Though her dress had not hidden much, seeing her naked still merited a good taking in. Her perfect breasts swayed slightly as she adjusted herself and he longed to fill his hand with them again. Moving in between her legs he would help her lift her hips and angle herself so he could better get his cock lined up with her. Holding her waist he would slide easily into her wet pussy, filling her with one strong thrust.
Crying out Sara would shut her eyes as he thrust, a heat filling her body with desire for more. The soft slap of flesh on flesh would quickly resume as he built up his pace and Sara would tremble in pleasure. But still Sara would feel like she needed more, though she could not think of how this could get any better. She would reach out, pawing lightly against Ryan's chest, stroking his cheek, showing how well she was enjoying his deep fucking. The outside work would intrude again when she felt a searching touch over her waist, and another along her arm and then a third and a fourth, eliminating the possibility it was just Ryan touching her. Sara would then finally recognize and listen to a voice she had been ignoring in favor of focusing on the immediate sensations of Ryan and his throbbing cock inside her. "Touch her, feel her, let her be covered." The director would say, though the direction of his voice suggested he was not speaking to Ryan, rather the crowd around them. And they would obey, a dozen and even more hands stroking over her, squeezing her breasts, lifting her legs and brushing over her thighs.
Opening her eyes Sara would see the extras in the scene had closed in around them, leaving just enough gaps for the cameras to see through, carefully maintained by the director. Women and men alike reached in to feel her, caress her body and she melted under the attention, her whole body aflame in sensation and drowning in the pleasure. She would glance about just enough to see a few women giving Ryan a lighter version of the treatment she was receiving before she had to shut her eyes, her trembling rising to a crescendo as she arched up her back and moaned out. Her moans would be stifled slightly as several fingers brushed over her lips and she opened them to suck on the fingers as the strongest orgasm she had ever felt started to course through her, her every nerve pulsing at once in pure delight. How long she would cum Sara did not know as a crowd of hands pushed her through it and the hard dick inside her did not stop, making her lose herself in a sea of ecstasy.
The first coherent thought that her mind entertained afterwards was that the hands were gone, though the cock remained driving in and out of her, albeit at a reduced pace. The second was once again a voice reminding her that there was an outside world. "Join them, right there, near her head." Came a confusing direction. No understanding came to Sara until she blinked her eyes open and saw a penis in front of her face. She stared at it a few moments in pure confusion. That it was Ryan's was not a possibility even before she considered looking down to check if he was still in between her legs. Not only did she still feel that giant of a cock still in her, but despite still being a beautiful member and making her mouth water in desire, it shied away from having his impressive length and girth. Still it ranked above average and Sara knew she needed it inside her in some way. Looking up, she searched the identity of its owner.
With surprise Sara would find Daniel looking down at her. Daniel, the regular at the coffee shop she worked at. Daniel, who would always awkwardly flirt with her as she denied his advances. Not because she didn't fancy him, in fact he was quite a looker despite his lack in confidence. The source came almost solely from her focus on school, though now her focus drifted back to his hard length in front of her face. Giving in almost just to instinct and desire she would lean up and wrap her lips around it, sucking softly as her tongue ran over the head of his length. A moan from above would be her reward and Sara would giggle as much as she could with her mouth full of dick at the thought that the one thing Daniel had to do to make her pay attention to him was literally stick his cock in her face. Bobbing her head back and forth she would take more and more of his length into her mouth as she reached out a hand to cup and fondle his heavy balls.
Ryan would start to thrust a bit harder again and she would moan out against the cock in her mouth, the vibrations making Daniel groan out as he began to run his hand into her hair, guiding her further down his length. Sara would move with the guidance, her lips sliding further along his hard length as she looked up into his eyes. Despite her relative lack of experience in giving head her need to make this new dick offered to her feel as good as the one her pussy was squeezing in a warm and tight embrace produced good results, a chorus of moans coming out from Daniel's lips. She would have to draw back and off him as Ryan reached down to rub her clit, which made her have to moan deeply, shutting her eyes for a moment as she welcomed the new pleasure. Keeping them shut she would let her tongue guide her over Daniel length, licking the underside of his shaft up and down as one hand jerked him off till her lips found his balls. She would take one and then the next for its turn in her mouth, sucking on them as she had seen in the odd porn video she had watched. It seemed to work as well as it had on screen, another moan from Daniel rewarding her efforts.
Opening her eyes with one of his balls still in her mouth Sara would stare out at a view of their audience once more. The faces that looked back seemed a little different now. Women bit their lower lips as they watched her, soft sighs giving contrast to the wet sounds of her mouth working Daniel's cock and the slap of Ryan's hips hitting her's with each of his long strong thrusts inside her. Most men would shift about, either trying to hide the bulge Sara could see pressing out against so many pants or wanting to get a little closer, possibly hoping for the chance to join like Daniel had gotten. Whatever they were doing, each face watching her sent a surge of joy through her, wanting each to see how good a girl she was, how eager a slut she was that she could please two cocks at the same time with her body. She would wrap his lips back around the head of Daniel's length, running her tongue all over it as she sucked and her hand jerked him. She would buck her hips as much as she could back against Ryan, wanting more of him and deeper, her pussy aching to be filled as much as it could as it pulsed around his length.
Sara continued to get used by stiff dicks at either end for a few minutes, her pleasure growing steeply before she would feel Daniel pull her head back. Confused she would lean towards him only to feel Ryan slip out of her and left her feeling empty and longing to be filled. Her head would move back and forth, her eyes looking at them pleading for them to resume as she was too stunned to speak she would miss the director's instructions, motioning for the men to engage in new positions. The first answer to the many questions would be Ryan's hands at her waist lifting her up and Daniel moving underneath her. She would look down to see herself now positioned over his waist as he sat on the couch, his hard cock glistening with her saliva pointing straight up to her. As she was moved downward she would reach down to guide him into her, moaning out as she was stretched out once more. As she rested on her feet on either side of Daniel facing away from him she would look out to see Ryan's dick in front of her. A smile would grow on her face to see the impressive dick and her lips would wrap around it in an eager need to feel it throb for her once more. Sucking on his head, both of her hands would wrap around as much of his girth as they could to stroke him as she lifted up her hips to begin to ride Daniel, bouncing up and down in his lap.
Though Daniel did not drive as deep inside her as the previous dick that had filled her, his cock slipping up and down inside her as she rode him would still make a heat rise inside her and she could not help but moan against Ryan's length as she sucked him. Leaning on one hand to help her bounce up and down against Daniel she would use the other to fondle Ryan's balls as she strove to take as much of his length into her mouth as she could. Looking up at him she'd push past the urging of her gag reflex as she took him into her throat. Her wide eyes would urge him to use her and he would answer by holding her head and thrusting deeper into her throat, a deep moan of pleasure vibrating against his length as her lips finally met his groin when his cock would be driven deep down her throat. He would hold her there for a few moments before letting her slip back a bit. Pulling back to gasp for air Sara would look up to him with a proud smile as his dick slipped out of her lips with a distinct plop and a string of saliva still floated between her lips and the head of his length. She would giggle at the delight of having just deepthroated a cock like that before it would turn into a moan as Daniel began to raise his hips and thrust up into her, holding her hips up to fuck her strongly.
Her soft moans would grow louder before they were stifled by the return of Ryan's dick into her mouth, her lips wrapping again around the wide girth. She would shut her eyes as she sucked him, the pleasure of being fucked hard making much more than paying simple attention to the cock in her mouth difficult. Despite this Ryan would still groan out above her, his dick throbbing under attention as Daniel drove faster yet into her. Ryan's moans would reach a crescendo as she slid him deeper into her mouth and she could feel his need to cum and she would massage his balls, wanting to taste his sperm. She would be disappointed greatly when he pulled back from her, unaware of the direction made to him to wait and make sure he lasted a while longer, his climax needing to come at a different moment in the film.
Keeping her eyes shut and not being able to lean close enough to find Ryan's cock with her lips she would just stroke him slowly as Daniel's dick thrust hard into her. Her moans would flow freely, filling the room. Even so she would feel a need, a desire to please even more. To have someone moan and grunt out in pleasure from her every effort. Even knowing that dozens of eyes revealed in the sight of her being fucked so completely feet in front of them did just only barely satisfy the need to give a measure of the delight she was receiving from being made a spectacle of pure desire. Without her consciously directing it her hand would reach out, wanting to find a new source of directing pleasure to. Her hand would find a waist, and her searching hand would brush over it with a slight disappointment to find it was a woman. Her disappointment would shift to a curious idea that would grow inside her, wondering how well she could please someone of her own sex. The idea would be put on pause as a hand moved her's off the waist where it was residing. Leaving the idea to be resumed in thought later she continued her search, finding another waist and after a moment smiling as her palm ran over a stiff bulge.
Gripping the waistband of the jeans of the waist she held Sara would pull it to her, pleased to feel just little resistance as the owner of the hard bulge she had felt moved towards her. Still stroking Ryan slowly as Daniel held up her hips and thrust his stiff cock into her she would moan as her hand eagerly tried to unbutton the jeans of the newcomer, fumbling for a moment before gaining success and pulling down his pants with his underwear, desperately wanting the treasure underneath. She would be rewarded when she reached and found a hard cock awaiting her touch. Stroking it she would judge it to be nearly as girthy as Ryan's, though being just as long as Daniel's. That would still have made it an impressive sight if she had opened her eyes, instead her effort would be directed to lean in and take it in her mouth, her lips sliding down deep over the newest cock given to her to please. Her arm would stretch out to keep stroking Ryan as she took the length into her throat, not stopping till her lips pressed against the base of the cock, a moan vibrating against the length as Daniel squeezed her breasts in his tight grip. She would hold it deep within her mouth as long as she could before pulling back and panting for air.
Blinking open her eyes she would giggle in between moans as she saw a smattering of her lipstick left at the base of the hard dick in front of her, a testimony to her deepthroating effort. Looking up now to see the owner of the freshly throated cock Sara would be stunned for a moment to see a familiar face. One of her professors would look down at her with eyes that showed both his stunned reaction at the events that were unfolding and a deep desire to have more of her. "Professor Johnson?" She would ask in a whimper, a previously hidden desire for him quickly growing to maturity inside her as her wide eyes looked up at him and a hand idly stroked his dick wet with her saliva.
Professor Johnson was only in his late thirties, still young for a college teacher. He had been a common sight for Sara, as she had gone to him many times in preparing for tests and advising her path towards graduation, to see him hard and wet from watching her be fucked hard and then receiving a quick deepthroat she would not know way to say. He would be equally wordless, though a strong hand would guide her head back to his length as she still stroked it with one hand. Any hesitation disappeared as she wrapped her lips around his thick length once more, Wanting so badly to please the hard cock in her mouth she bob her head back and forth, forgetting Professor Johnson as a person and taking him just as a hard dick in front of her that she need to make cum for her, one that she needed deep down her throat or pounding hard against her tight pussy.
As she sucked him hard and drove more of his length into her mouth she'd start to feel her mind once more overtaken by the hard pounding Daniel would thrust up into her with. She could hardly focus on any one thing as a hurry of multiple desires would pull her this way and that. She could hardly notice Daniels cock thrusting up harder inside her the next moment, her loud moans escaping from her lips being the only show of her attention as her need to hear the moans of Professor Johnson making her take him deeper in her throat, and her hand stroking Ryan's giant dick was almost a mindless task, his pleasure still taking a seat in her mind but never coming to full main attention. Ryan's soft moans did not show any displeasure in her momentary diversion of attention. Her tight pussy and eager mouth had already nearly spent him and was relieved to take a bit of a break to regain his breath and last a while longer.
Sucking on her professor's cock Sara would remember all the time she had spent with him during his office hours, how willing he was to answer all her numerous questions. She wondered now if he was desiring something like this from her, if he was picturing stripped down and presented to him for his own pleasure. The idea of him answering her questions as he thought of driving his cock as deep as she now had it down her throat made a heat rise so hot within her it spread to her every inch of skin. She scarcely ever had a guy who had made her come once in bed but for the second time that evening she'd feel herself unable to resist trembling and shaking against all the attention. Sara kept sucking as she moaned in deep pleasure, her pussy tightening around Daniel inside her as the orgasm pulsed within her, sending waves of pleasure through her body.
After coming down from the orgasm her switching between the three men around her would continue for a while, cameras shifting to match her new focus of attention, capturing her every action; all three made the best use of her they could. Eventually under direction Sara had not the perception or focus at the moment to notice she'd be lifted up off Daniel and held in their strong arms as they moved her to lay on the armrest of the couch, bent over it as her legs just barely found the ground. She would be lifted up a little at the waist as Ryan moved in front of her, sitting on the couch right before her as his legs dangled over the armrest on either side of her. His long and hard cock would stick up in front of her and Sara's desire to have it once more consumed the rest of her attention. Reaching forward she would stroke the base of it as her lips wrapped around his head, sucking him as her tongue tasted him once more.
The next thing she became aware of a cock pressing at her from behind. Pulling her lips off Ryan's dick with a soft plop she would start to turn her head around and see Daniel standing close next to her, his stiff length pointing right at her. Seeing it unattended made her feel a little sad and a desire to make it throb under her attention filled her, even as she felt Professor Johnson thrust inside her. She would moan out into the air as she stroked Ryan, leaning in to take Daniel's cock in her mouth, immediately pressing it into her mouth till she was deepthroating it. She would taste something different on it and it would take a few moments to realize it was her juices she was licking as her tongue ran over the underside of his shaft and her moans from being pounded from behind vibrated around the dick in her throat.
The grunts and groans of all three men would feel nearly as good to her as the cock sliding in and out of her, so eager she was to please each of them. Pulling back from keeping Daniel deep in her throat she'd pant for air even as she moved to suck Ryan once again, taking in half his length as she bobbed her head back and forth along it and stroked Daniel, her hand moving easily as it squeezed his stiff member with her saliva coating it, her tongue having licked off her own juices. She would strive to take more and more of Ryan into her mouth and throat as her hand moved to fondle Daniel's balls, much to the man's enjoyment if his moans were to tell, but the hard and swift thrusts of the professor's hips against her pulled away much of her attention. Despite not having the stamina of the younger men, the professor's eagerness to enjoy the college girl's pussy would fuel his hard thrusts. Sara moaned heavily around the cock in her mouth, the professor's balls slapping against her clit with the strong pounding.
How long Sara laid there, getting fucked from behind as she took turns sucking and stroking Ryan and Daniel she could not tell, only a growing warmth filling her once more giving testimony to the passage of time. She would also be aware by the throbbing of the cocks as they thrust into her and filled her mouth and by the growing grunts and groans of the men they were getting close to their ends. Still it would be with a bit of surprise when they pulled away from her only to pick her off the couch once more. Sara found herself placed on her knees on the ground, the three men forming a loose circle around her, their cocks all pointing hard towards her. Not needing any direction she would suck on the once most directly in front of her, taking a good measure of Professor Johnson's length in her mouth as she stroked Ryan and Daniel on either side of her. Her bobbing head and tongue would not take long to work the professor to his limit. Stepping back he would stroke himself just for a moment before a thick spurt of sperm hit her chest, quickly followed by several more as he panted out. Looking down in slight amazement at the size of his load and how good it felt to have the warm cum coat her breasts Sara would look back up to smile wide and meet the professor's eyes. She would lean forward and lick the last bit of his cum off the head of his length, finding the taste surprisingly sweet and enjoyable, as he looked down at her, a wide smile also on his face.
As he stepped back Sara would turn to Daniel, looking up into his eyes with an affectionate gaze as she wrapped her lips around his cock, sucking on it as her tongue flicked over the head. Still stroking Ryan with one hand she would start to rub herself with the other, enjoying the attention of the men and the crowd around her so much she needed to do something to satisfy the desire within her. Daniel's moan would grow to a crescendo as his length pulsed in desperate need in her mouth, his need for release being clearly translated to Sara. When he pulled back it wouldn't surprise her, and she'd open up her mouth to await the spray of his cum on her, hoping she had worked up a heavy load to show how well she had pleased him. When the thick ropes of cum landed on her face she'd smile and lick around her lips to draw some of the semen into her mouth to taste and savor it, the product of the enjoyment of her and her body.
A moment after Daniel would step back, his load on her face his job down and finished, even though Sara longed to give his cock a few more licks. All the same she smiled wide as she realized she could focus on Ryan and pleasing him, her mouth moving quickly to suck on his balls as her hands stroked his impressive length in between teasing herself, though the pleasure on just being to focus of attention was nearly enough to keep her heart beating nearly as fast as it could. Licking up the long length of his member she'd wrap her lips around his stiff cock and down it into her throat, holding it as deep as she could as she looked up and pleaded with her eyes for him to reward her with his cum, to cover her in the best way to say she was the best slut there, that above everyone else in the room so much pleasure had been derived from simply herself, and nothing could compare to that.
Her prays would be shortly answered as Ryan's hand at her shoulder pulling her back made her surrender the hold of her throat had around his cock. When the first rope of cum hit her cheek she'd moan out, still rubbing between her legs. The second that quickly followed would push her into the newest orgasm she had that night, one that would only keep blinding her senses as Ryan's cum kept coming to cover her, a shot hitting her shoulder and then the next landing directly into her open lips. Another that hit heavy on her forehead and dripped slowly down felt the heaviest of them all, before the next that flew almost directly into her mouth threatened her ability to swallow.
Drinking down the sweet cum she beamed up at him, seeing in his exhausted face that no more thick loads were coming out right that moment she'd still wrap her lips around his prodigy of a cock and milk it for the last few drops. Letting her lips stretch to fill around the thick member in her mouth she'd begin to relax and realize what she had just done. She'd just fucked someone, a causal acquantice at that, and then fucked a customer and then a teacher all at the same time for a crowd to see, and somewhat participate in. And it was all filmed, directed and soon to be carefully edited. Her most devious sins, all recorded on multiple cameras, all focused on making sure her actions were well seen. And she couldn't be more excited, despite the majority of orgasms that she had being achieved on that night, she still almost wanted more.
In an almost drunken gaze she'd look around and hear a voice call cut. A towel would be tossed in her direction, landing near her folding knees. "Very good, you got it in one shot, I don't see that often." The vague voice of the director would tell her. "If I need someone for something like, I'll look for you." he'd say in almost a pass away voice, walking away amongst a crowd of his assistants as Sara slowly began to clean her nude and cum covered body sat alone in the middle of a still crowded room, now wondering how she had even planned to get home.
Several months later an early copy of the film would be sent in the mail to Sara, with a short personal note from the director thanking for her passion into making her scene what it was. Watching the film with Ryan softly spooning her, the way they had spent most nights after that fateful day and then them moving in together, she didn't mind the lack of clothes separating their skin as when their skin came up he was only too willing to recreate it, his thick cock sliding inside even better there than it appeared on film.
Though with how much of the action was cut and slightly framed out she was impressed at how little was actually shown. For how raw and heated it had felt in the moment, barely enough was shown to really earn an R rating, though in truth the filming had felt just inches away from porn. Leaning back she'd close her and just freely let out a moan, all other issues thrust away by the fill of a good cock.