Note: All characters are over the age of 18.
Sam and Molly arrive home about 30 minutes later. They took their time as it's about a 5 minute walk. They come in through the front door giggling and both kind of sweaty with dried cum still visible on both of them.
"You two took a little detour, huh?"
"We stopped and had a little fun along the way," Sam tells me.
"Yeah, what kind?"
"Just some fooling around that got a little carried away," Molly says. "Sam got hungry and had to eat," she says motioning to her pussy. "I was more than happy to help."
I hope they were careful and that no one saw. "Well, it's getting late. I think I'm gonna go to bed," I tell them.
"Us too. It's been a long day," Sam says. "The best day ever, though."
"I agree. It was amazing."
Sam walks over and throws her arms around me for a hug. "Thank you again for tonight. I can't wait for the rest of the weekend," she says into my ear before sticking her tongue in and licking around it. She breaks the hug, looks at me, and leans in for a kiss. I do the same and we share a short but sweet kiss to end the night. The girls head upstairs. After I cleanup and turn off the lights I head up as well. As I walk by Sam's room the door is closed. I get into my bedroom and they are both on my bed.
"Can we sleep with you, Daddy?"
"Sure baby, but I think I'm spent for the night. I need to actually get some sleep."
"I just want to cuddle with you," Sam says.
"Me too," says Molly.
"Sounds good to me." I head into the bathroom and wash up. I return and they are on each side of the bed. "I guess I get the middle." I shut the lights off and start to climb in.
"I think you should be naked like us," Sam says.
I stand up and take my clothes off before getting into the bed. As I lie down between them they each put their head on one of my shoulders while their hands lightly caress my body. I could get used to this.
"Goodnight Daddy," Sam says after a few minutes as she leans in for another kiss. This one is a little longer and more passionate than the last. She closes her eyes as she settles back on my shoulder. I watch her drift off before falling asleep myself.
As I wake up the next morning I feel a weird sensation. After my vision comes into focus I look down and see Sam giving me a blowjob. I am not very hard and guess that's probably because I was sleeping and didn't know what was going on. As I watch her suck I grow hard and she looks up at me with my dick in her mouth and takes it out. "Good morning sleepy head. I've always wanted to wake up a guy with a blowjob so figured why not. You don't mind do you?"
"Not at all." I notice her hair is wet.
I look to my right and Molly isn't there. "Molly's in the shower. I just got out."
"I've never been woken up like this. It feels amazing."
"We'll have to do it more often," she tells me.
I just lie back and enjoy. After a bit I feel I am getting ready to cum and start to breathe a little heavier. Sam stops and looks up at me as a popping sound escapes her mouth after removing my dick. "Good, you're close. I don't want you to finish and want you to save up for later." I shoot her a look of disappointment.
"Don't worry, it'll feel great." As she says this she climbs up toward me and gives me a kiss, her naked body rubbing against mine.
I almost open my mouth to ask if this is the way things are now, but think the better of it. I just want to enjoy this and not put any labels or pressure on it. Molly comes back in after her shower and sits down on the bed next to us, still naked.
"What are we doing today," she asks.
"Well, our options are pretty limited with you two wanting to stay naked. It'll be one week straight for Sam tonight."
"Yeah, she told me. I'm gonna have to try that myself soon."
"I have an idea, Daddy."
"What is it, baby?"
"You know how you said we'd celebrate my week of nudity with a nice dinner?"
"Yes."
"Well, how about we go out for a late dinner tonight? Maybe Joe's?"
"Sounds good," I tell her.
"A full week of nudity won't be until later tonight, but if we go to a late dinner I'll consider it a week to meet my challenge. I want to stay naked longer, but going out will be fun."
"Whatever you want."
"Can Molly come?"
"Of course."
"Thanks, Mr. Spencer."
"I have the perfect dress to show off in. We can find something for Molly too."
"Well, don't make it too risqué. I don't want people wondering why I'm with my daughter while she's wearing a revealing dress."
"They don't have to know that I'm your daughter."
"This is not a big town," I reply.
"Alright, well how about the other restaurant in Lincoln then," she asks. That one is about 45 minutes away. Better chance of not running into anyone we know."
"Good idea," I tell her.
"Then it's settled. Naked for the rest of the day then dinner tonight," Molly says.
"What are we going to do until then," I ask.
"Go take a shower while Molly and I discuss."
"I don't know what you two are up to, but alright." I get up and go take my shower. I come back to the room naked and they are still on my bed. They look up at me at pat the bed, motioning for me to sit down. I join them.
"We were talking and decided we want to do whatever you want. Anything come to mind?"
"Anything, huh?"
"No limits," Molly says.
"Well, it's been a long time since I had my ass licked and I've always enjoyed that..."
"Then lie down and we'll fix that," Sam says.
I do, then scoot up the bed and spread my legs. They position themselves on their stomachs near my dick. They start to kiss my legs and all around my dick, and then both start to lick each side of it. As I grow harder they continue to lick up and down each side, maintaining eye contact with me the whole time. They take turns sucking it very slowly while deep throating. Every so often they go back to licking the sides from the bottom up and end in a kiss at the top.
"Move down to the edge of the bed," Sam tells me as they get up and get on their knees at the foot of it. "This way you'll be able to see us better."
I sit at the end of the bed, lean back on my elbows, spread my legs, and lift them into the air giving them access to my ass. I grab my phone and start recording. They each start kissing the underside of my legs then make their way to my balls. They get right near my asshole and then go back the other way, teasing me. After repeating this a few times I see Sam moving closer and feel her tongue finally reach its destination. The feeling is incredible. She slowly, and lightly, licks around then glides her tongue over it. She also inserts the tip of it and wiggles it around. She licks and sucks for what seems like minutes then pulls away. Molly takes her place and does the same while Sam takes me into her mouth. She smiles at me while gently gliding her teeth up my shaft before going back down and repeating this over and over, alternating between sucking and using her teeth lightly. She then rejoins Molly on her knees on the floor and they both are licking my ass at the same time. I'll never forget their eyes meeting mine while both of their tongues are licking my ass.
They continue this for a while then go back to alternating between one of them sucking my dick very slowly while the other licks my ass and both licking it together.
"I'm close."
"Not yet," Sam replies. "I want you on edge all day."
They stop sucking my dick but continue to rim me for a while longer as I sit back and enjoy the sensation.
"If you don't stop I won't be able to hold it."
They stop and make out with each other, sharing the taste of my ass.
"Our turn," Sam says.
They climb on the bed and get on their hands and knees next to each other with their asses facing me sitting on the end of the bed. I turn around and get behind them. I pull Sam's plug out of her ass. It is a black rubber one that I haven't seen before and is about a medium size compared to her other ones. I reach around her and stick it into her mouth. She accepts it and starts sucking. I then start to kiss her ass and tease her like she did me. I lick everything but her hole and hear her kind of whimper each time I pull away. I then go to Molly and do the same. After a while of alternating I go back to Sam and glide my tongue over her asshole lightly then go back and lick it harder and hear her moan. She is grabbing and massaging her tits with one of her hands while holding herself up with the other. I have a thought to insert my fingers into her pussy and play with her clit, but want to respect her anal only decision and not touch her clit until she tells me to.
I go back to Molly and insert my fingers into her pussy while licking her ass. She tells me "faster." I speed up both and do so for a while until I hear her orgasm while her body shakes. I keep doing both throughout until she pulls away and collapses forward on the bed onto her chest. She looks back over her shoulder and smiles.
"I don't want to orgasm yet and also want to be on edge all day, but will you do it a little longer? It feels so good."
"Sure, baby." I go back to licking her ass all over and then inserting my tongue as much as I can. As I do I lightly run my fingers along her ass and hips.
"Ok, stop," she says after a couple of minutes. I stop and she lies down next to Molly. I am still on my knees, looking at them.
"Well, we still have a lot of time to kill before dinner," I tell them. "What's the plan?"
"Can we go for another drive," Sam asks me.
"It's daytime. That's not a good idea."
"We don't have to get out of the car. I just want to be naked out in public. It'll be fun."
"I don't know," I tell them.
"Pleeeease, Daddy," says Sam with a fake pouty look on her face.
"Pleeeease, Mr. Spencer."
"I can't turn down those faces. Ok. I assume you're not going to bring any clothes just in case?"
"Of course not," Sam tells me.
"Anywhere in mind?"
"Let's just cruise around."
"I'll be ready whenever you two are."
"We're both wearing our outfits so we're ready now," Sam says.
I throw on a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt. We all go downstairs and I put my shoes on. I still don't know how they are able to go barefoot outside like they do. It's pretty sexy watching their bare feet touch the pavement outside, though. We climb into the car and I head off to nowhere in particular. The girls crack their windows slightly.
We drive around town with them looking out of their windows. Every so often they kiss and run their hands over each other.
"You hungry, Mol," Sam asks. I wonder what she is thinking.
"I could go for a snack."
"Daddy, can we get some fries or something?"
At this point I realize it's not worth fighting anymore. "Where do you have in mind?"
"There's a McDonald's on Chestnut a few minutes away."
"Ok," I tell them as I turn and head in that direction. When we get there I pull into the parking lot and begin to park.
"What are you doing," Sam asks.
"I'm going inside to get your fries."
"No, silly. We want you to go through the drive-thru."
"The back windows are tinted, but not that much. They will very likely see inside."
"Well, duh. That's the point."
"Are you sure," I ask.
"100%," Sam replies.
I back out and pull around to the drive-thru. I place our order for a couple large fries. As we inch up the girls look so excited. I pay at the first window and the cashier doesn't look into the back windows. I pull up to the pickup window and as it opens Sam leans forward and says "pull up, I'll get it." With not much time to think about it I do as she says. Sam rolls down her window all the way, I assume exposing herself and Molly completely. The worker goes to hand her the bag and stops halfway, realizing what he's seeing. Luckily it's a guy that I doubt will complain or report us.
"Is that for me," Sam asks him.
"Uhhhhhh....yyyyyeesss," he stammers.
"Well, can you please hand it to me," Sam asks.
The guy is frozen. "Well fine then." Sam leans out of the window with her top half outside of the car and grabs it before quickly getting back in. As soon as she gets back in I say thanks and pull away. I hope the people behind us weren't paying attention.
"Not sure that was smart," I tell her. "What if someone saw and reports this?"
"I don't think he's gonna care and I doubt anyone else saw."
"That was so hot," Molly says.
"It felt amazing. I almost opened the door and walked out to grab the food to show him everything." I thank God she didn't do that.
"You seem to be getting riskier," I tell her. "When you go on your walks at night you're careful to make sure no one sees you and now you're saying you almost stood outside naked in the middle of the day in the McDonald's drive-thru line for anyone to see?"
"I'm caring less and less if people see me. I actually don't look around as much when going out at night. I'm proud of my body. If someone sees me naked then so be it. I'm not embarrassed. The only issue is getting in trouble. I have common sense and won't push it too far. I'll do my best to make sure I have a way out of any situation I'm in, but I think I want to show off more and have more people see me when possible."
"Just make sure you don't put yourself in any situations where you're in danger or can get yourself or us in serious trouble."
"I promise," she tells me, looking at me in the mirror. "I won't go walking through town naked during the middle of the day or anything like that. Just at home, outside at night, or when I think there is a chance no one will see me or care if they do."
"I trust you," I tell her. "I'll help as much as I can."
"I've also decided that I'm going to be completely naked as much as possible going forward. No clothes, jewelry, socks, shoes, nothing. There will not be a single thing touching my body, except my toys, from now on when home and as much as possible anywhere else I can be."
"Aren't you doing that already?"
"I mean permanently. I realize that I don't just like being naked, I'm a nudist. I feel way more comfortable naked than clothed. I'm not going to go out much anymore unless we find places I can be naked. When I go to Molly's I'm going to leave the house and drive over naked. I'm only going to put something on once in a while when we go out to do something that requires clothes and when we do it will be the bare minimum. Maybe at some point we can live or spend a lot of time somewhere that I can be naked at all times."
"You better not move away from me," Molly exclaims.
"Maybe not, but wherever we are you are welcome anytime. Right Daddy?"
"Of course. We can talk about all of this and figure it out later," I tell her. "I'm not sure about you driving around naked, though. What if you get pulled over or something happens?"
"I feel that it's probably fine and if anything happens I will deal with whatever comes."
I look at her in the mirror with a worried look on my face.
"I promise I will always take as many precautions as I can."
"We'll talk later, but like I said I trust you. I just worry."
"I know. I also want to get rid of most of my clothes. I'll keep my heels and some slutty dresses for fooling around and going out, a pair of gym shoes and flats, and just the minimum amount of other stuff for when I want to go do something. I only want a few articles of clothing in the house somewhere, but not a single one in my bedroom. My bedroom will only have my furniture and personal belongings from now on."
"You want to throw away your clothes," I ask.
"Maybe. Or you can put them in storage or something. I do want to throw out all of my bras and the couple pairs of underwear I have left, though. I haven't worn them in forever and never want to wear them again. We can keep the dresses, shoes, jewelry, and few articles of clothing anywhere. The rest can be stored away or thrown in the trash. I don't care."
As she is saying this Molly is masturbating. "This is so fucking hot," she says.
"How about we keep the few things I might want access to in a locked trunk or box or something and only you have the key? That way I have no access and can only get something if you open it for me?"
"I can add a lock to one of the basement closets and keep everything down there if that works. That way they won't even be in the main part of the house."
"Perfect," Sam exclaims happily. "If I ever need to wear something you will have to unlock the closet and give it to me. When I come home I'll immediately take it off and give it to you to lock it back up. We can figure out the laundry situation later."
"I'll just do it for you when needed before locking it up. It's not like it's going to be much, or often, anyways."
"Thank you, Daddy!"
"No problem. What about your other friends? You said you'll visit Molly, but you're not gonna want to see them?"
"I guess not much. Once in a while I can see them while wearing hardly anything. I don't want to let anyone else know about our arrangement for fear of judgment and consequences, mostly for you. I don't want you to get in any trouble or lose your job or anything so won't have anyone other than Molly over for now. We'll see, though. Maybe I'll sense others will be accepting of my decision and let them know."
"I agree that it's best to keep this small for now, but if you feel like there's anyone else you can trust they are welcome over anytime. Around anyone else you can be naked and we won't do anything sexual. I'll just tell them I support your decision." Sam smiles at me in the mirror.
I cruise around for a while as they eat and continue looking out of their windows. Even after everything that has happened this last week I can't believe I am going to help my daughter be naked pretty much all of the time and that I'm the only one that will be able to give her anything to wear. It's kind of crazy, but extremely hot to me. I keep thinking how lucky I am.
"What do you say we go home and relax for a little bit before dinner," I ask.
"Ok," Sam says.
We get home and they both get out of the car without a care in the world, walking slowly to the front door. I look around and don't see anyone around.
After they finish eating we decide to play a board game. "Join us naked, won't you," Sam asks. I disrobe and join Sam on the couch while Molly sits on the floor across the table from us. Molly wins after about an hour. After that we watch some TV as they both again put their head on my shoulders and run their fingers over me. They take turns lightly caressing my dick, but never grabbing, stroking, or leaning in to suck it. We do this for a while until they finish some stupid shows they like.
I excuse myself telling them I have a few minutes of work to do, but have something else in mind. I come back after 30 minutes and stand in front of them on the couch. "Ok, so we have a reservation at 9:30 for dinner."
"Don't they close at 9," Sam asks.
"Nope. It'll be a late dinner. Is that ok with you?"
"Sure. It means I'll fully reach the one week mark of no clothes," Sam says excitedly.
"So, about that."
"About what?"
"Your nudity streak. Do you want to keep it going?"
"I'd love to, but I want to go out for a nice dinner. I'll just wear the bare minimum and start a new streak after."
"Well, what if I told you that you can do both?"
"Are you going to go pick it up and bring back or something," Sam asks me.
"Nope. We are going to eat inside the restaurant."
"I'm confused. How can we go there to eat in the restaurant and I can still be naked?"
"Well, I gave them a call a bit ago and asked if they would like to make some extra money tonight." Sam leans forward and her eyes widen in anticipation. "They actually do close at 9, but I asked them how much it would cost to keep it open late for a private dinner. After initially declining I threw a number at them and they asked if I was sure. I said yes and they finally agreed."
"Are you serious," Sam asks me with a look of shock on her face.
"Yes. I wanted to do this for you. Plus earlier you said you wanted to be seen by more people. There will be some staff there. Is that ok?"
"Of course it is, but I can't believe they agreed to naked girls eating in their restaurant."
"After we agreed on a number for them to stay open late I let them know about that part. At first they thought I was kidding. I assured them I was not. After some back and forth, and them realizing more and more that I was probably serious, I told them how much more I would give them if they allowed it. They said if I can bring it all in cash, and this wasn't a joke, then they would allow you both to be naked in the restaurant. I told them no problem. If I had to guess they don't think this is serious, but when we get there I will show them how serious we are."
Sam stands up and gives me a big hug. "Oh my god, Daddy. If you're not joking then thank you so so much. This is going to be amazing, being in a restaurant like this. And I can continue my streak!"
"I promise I'm not joking. I wouldn't do that to you."
"I love you so much," she tells me before leaning in for a kiss. With her arms around me she turns to Molly. "You ok with this and still want to come?"
"Hell yeah! When am I ever going to get this chance again? I'm a little more nervous than you about being seen by people, but I'll be fine."
"How much are you giving them, Daddy?"
"Don't you worry about that. I have some cash stored in the house and it's something I want to do for you."
"I'm so excited I can't wait. I wish we were leaving right now," Sam tells me.
"Only a couple of hours and we will," I tell them.
"And we can stay exactly like this? We don't have to wear a thing?"
"Yup, as naked as you want."
"If they don't think we're serious they're in for quite a surprise," Sam says.
"Well, the money they are getting will help with that. I took the liberty of telling them we all wanted filets with shrimp, some salads, wine, and some appetizers so we don't keep them from putting away what they want to for the night and only keep out the necessary items. Is that ok with both of you?"
"Works for me, Mr. Spencer."
"Me too. It sounds perfect," Sam says, looking at me with a big smile on her face.
With time to kill we play another board game, hang and talk, and watch some TV to pass the time while talking about the night ahead. As it gets closer the girls get more excited. I excuse myself to get dressed. Nothing fancy. Just some slacks, a button down shirt, blazer, and dress shoes.
"Let's go and get there a little early so I can give them the cash and talk things over. Ready?"
"Almost. We'll be right back," Sam says before grabbing Molly's hand and taking her upstairs. After a couple of minutes they come back down. Sam comes up to me and bends over, holding her ass apart. She doesn't have a plug in.
"We wanted absolutely nothing in or touching our bodies. Total and 100% complete nudity."
"As naked as the day we were born," Molly adds. They don't even have hair ties in.
"It'll feel weird having my ass empty for a while, but this is actually making me hornier," Sam says. "I'm so wet, but still not going to touch myself."
"If you guys are ready to go then let's head out."
"I have a favor to ask," Sam says.
"Anything."
"Will you cum into my hair? I want it in there when we're at the restaurant."
"Of course," I tell her. I start to unzip my pants.
"I want you to do it in the parking lot right before we walk in? That way it'll be fresh while there."
"That may be a little too much. I think you guys being naked will be enough for them to handle."
"I'll rub it in so it's not showing and only we'll know it's in there."
"Ok."
"Hey, what about me," Molly asks.
"I want it all. I'll owe you one."
We leave and pile into the truck. As we are driving the girls are giddy.
"I can't believe we get to do this," Sam says.
"It's kind of crazy," Molly replies.
As we reach the restaurant and pull into the parking lot I see only a few cars. I assume they belong to the staff.
"Ok. I'm gonna go inside. I'll be back in a few." I head inside and see a man at the front stand.
"You must be Mr. Spencer."
"Yes. Are you Miguel?"
"Yes sir."
"So, you're sure this is ok," I ask. "I know this is a very strange request, but my friends have this fantasy about being naked in a public place and I thought this was better than them just walking around the town in the middle of the day."
"It is definitely something that I never thought about, but if you're willing to pay that kind of money then we can make it work. We don't make a ton of money here and this will be a nice little bonus. We will all be happy with the extra money. We just ask that you don't tell anyone about this. We don't want it to cause any issues."
"Of course not. This will never be told to anyone."
"Thank you, sir. We are ready whenever you are."
I hand him the cash in an envelope. He looks inside, then back up at me and smiles. We chat about the specifics for a couple of minutes before I tell him I will be back with my dates shortly.
"When we come back feel free to look all you want. That is what they want. Tell any of your staff they are welcome to come by our table any time as well. It's no inconvenience and we will not feel bothered. They will enjoy the attention, I'm sure."
"Sounds good, Sir."
I leave and head back to the car. "He told me they have a couple of cooks and there will be a waiter. He also said he explained this to everyone and everyone here is fine with it. I assume some of the cash is going their way as well to stay late. I also told them anyone in there can look all they want, to come by the table whenever they want, even the cooks. I figured you'd want the attention."
"Fine with us. The more the merrier," Sam says as she looks at Molly, who nods.
We get out of the car and are standing in front of it. "Time for my cum," Sam says.
They drop to their knees in front of me, unzip my pants, and pull them down to my ankles. "Commando, nice. I'm slowly bringing you to my side," Sam says. They both start licking until I am hard and take turns sucking my dick while looking up at me. I have my phone out recording.
"Daddy, I want you to fuck Molly then cum on me."
"Works for me," Molly exclaims with a smile.
Molly stands up, turns around, and leans against the front of the truck with her hands on the hood. She looks back at me over her shoulder with a devilish smile. I push into her pussy and slowly rock back and forth until she tells me to speed up. I notice she is rubbing her clit at the same time with one of her hands. I look over to Sam and she is on the ground watching us. She is slowly finger fucking her ass while not touching her clit at all. After a few minutes I am close.
"Ready, baby?"
"Mmm hmm," she says.
I pull out of Molly and turn to Sam, who immediately takes me into her mouth and sucks Molly's juices off of my cock. I step back and start stroking myself. As I do I feel Molly come up behind me. She squats down and her hands grab and spread my ass. Is she going to give me a rimjob out here? My question to myself is answered as I feel her tongue start to lick my asshole. I slow down my tempo to enjoy this for a bit. As I slowly stroke she licks and licks, going from the hole to all around it. "Ok, baby," come closer." Sam gets right under my dick.
I start to cum, rope after rope, moving around to get as much of her hair as I can. I am not fully done when she leans back and says "on my face and tits, too. I want to rub it in." The next couple ropes hit her forehead above her eyebrows, each side, then start dripping down onto her cheeks followed by a couple on her tits. Being teased all day and not cumming made it a very large amount. I look over at Molly and she is watching us, fingering and rubbing herself while leaning against the truck. I stop cumming and step back. What a sight. I move the phone around to record both of them.
Sam stands up right in front of me with my cum in her hair and dripping down her face and chest.
"Thank you, Daddy." She gives me a kiss and we make out for a few seconds. As she pulls away she licks some cum from my face that got transferred from hers. I hear Molly start to moan. Sam walks up to her and gets on her knees. She starts licking Molly while Molly holds onto the truck with both hands at her sides. Her moans continue to get louder as Sam starts fingering her. After a minute she lets out a loud moan and cums while Sam licks and fingers her through her orgasm as I am recording. She comes down from her orgasm and Sam stands up. They share a passionate kiss. Sam rubs the cum into her hair until it can't be seen then does the same with the cum on her face and tits. She even rubbed some of it into her ears and neck. Her entire upper half has cum rubbed into it. The cum makes her hair a little stiff and matted together in spots, but she plays with it to straighten it up to where it looks pretty much normal. Molly got some of my cum on her face as well from Sam kissing her and rubs that in. My daughter is going to walk into this restaurant 100% completely naked with cum in her hair and rubbed into her body with her equally naked friend while we get served dinner by strangers. A week ago this would have shocked me to my core. Right now it is hot as hell.
"Ready," I ask them.
They both smile and say "yes."
We walk from the lot up to the door. When we walk in I can tell Miguel is kind of shocked, even though I told him everything ahead of time. He looks at Sam and Molly, then me. The girls just stand and smile while doing a little pose.
"Up until now I thought this might have been some elaborate joke," Miguel says. "I am now realizing it's not. I really can't believe that these two beautiful women want to be here like this."
"I want to be everywhere like this," Sam says. "This is my outfit most of the time."
"I see," Miguel says. "Well, thank you for choosing our restaurant and for the money. My staff will be happy. And per Mr. Spencer here you are ok if my staff looks at you? Is that correct?"
"Yes. They can look all they want," Sam replies.
"That will probably make them happy as well. Follow me."
We follow him and he brings us to a table in the middle of the restaurant. There is no table cloth. I asked him for that, to make sure no parts of the girls are hidden. There is no one other than him in the room with us until a waiter comes out from the back. As he does I can see people in the kitchen peer out from behind the door to the kitchen.
"This is Tony. He will be taking care of you tonight."
"Hi Tony," Sam says. "Thank you for volunteering to stay late for us."
"It's my pleasure, really. When Miguel told me about this I thought it was a joke, but here we are and again, the pleasure is all mine."
Sam and Molly both smile at him before he looks at Miguel and they share a look, raising their eyebrows, probably not believing what they are seeing.
"I will be back with your wine and please let me know of anything you need," Tony says.
"Anything huh," Molly adds.
Tony looks down, a little embarrassed, but with a little smile. He doesn't reply and excuses himself. "I'll be right back."
"I'll leave you to your dinner," Miguel says. "Please don't hesitate to ask for anything from me as well. I'll be walking around closing things up for the night."
"Thank you, Miguel. We're good," I tell him as he walks away leaving us to ourselves.
"So, how does it feel to be sitting in the middle of a restaurant completely naked?"
"Surreal," says Molly.
"Agreed," Sam replies. "While surreal it also feels somewhat natural as well if that makes sense."
"You do seem comfortable," I tell her.
"I am. Maybe we can find other places to do this more often. Ones that don't cost a bunch of money."
"We can look into it," I tell her.
Tony comes back and serves us our wine. He stares at the girls the entire time while pouring.
"Tony, could you take a picture of all of us," I ask. The girls light up.
"Of course."
"Go tell everyone here to come out if they want a good look."
"I'll be right back."
He returns, followed by two people from the back. I assume they are cooks. Miguel comes over as well.
I hand Tony my phone after setting it to the camera. "Take a few just in case."
I stand up and motion for the girls to come over to me. They stand and join me on the side of the table, one on each side. Tony is standing across from us with everyone else standing to his side as he takes a few pictures. The girls do a few poses, including one where they each kiss one of my cheeks with one of their feet in the air.
"Please take a quick video for us if you don't mind," Sam tells him.
"Whatever you want. Ok, it's recording."
Sam gives me a nice short kiss then walks over to Molly and kisses her too. Their hands travel over each other's body as they do. "Please record us walking around. I'm not sure we'll ever get a chance like this again." They hold hands and walk around the restaurant as Tony records them. They arrive back at the table. "Thank you so much, Tony," Sam says.
"You are very welcome," he says as he hands me back my phone. We sit back down and I let them look at the pictures and video as the kitchen staff and Miguel all leave. "Oh my God, these are amazing," Molly says.
Our appetizers come and we eat them very quickly due to how hungry we are. Next our salads come and they are great. I am taking pictures of the girls eating naked during all of this. As soon as we finish our salads our entrees come out. We all agree it is the best surf n' turf we've had. I wonder if them being naked adds to that. As we eat Tony replenishes our water glasses and pours more wine. I also notice the cooks come out and talk with Miguel while looking over at us.
"I am so stuffed. That was amazing," Molly says.
"Same here, and yes it was," Sam replies.
"Well, I hope there's a little room left. I ordered us a little dessert."
"I think there might be a smidge of room left," Sam tells me with a smile.
Miguel and Tony clear our table. A few minutes later they bring out our dessert. I ordered Sam's favorite, Tiramisu. As they set it down in front of her she looks at me and smiles. "My favorite!"
"I know. I saw they had it and knew we had to get some."
"Thanks!"
We all dig in and while Sam and Molly enjoy it, I think it's just ok. I am just glad they are happy. After we finish our table is cleared again. "I'll be right back," I tell them as I stand up and walk over to Miguel.
"I have one last favor to ask. Can you ask anyone here if they want to be in a picture with the girls? I promise it will never be shared with anyone except them."
"Sure, I will go ask them."
"Thank you."
"No problem." He walks to the kitchen as I return to the table and sit down.
"What was that about," Sam asks.
"You'll see."
A minute later the two people from the back, Miguel, and Tony all come over.
"Girls, would you like a picture with our wonderful hosts?"
"Yes," Sam says excitedly as she stands up. Molly follows."
"Ok, I'll take the picture. You guys all get around Sam and Molly." The two cooks stand next to Molly and Miguel and Tony stand next to Sam. The girls are in the middle. Sam and Molly put their arms around the guy next to them and everyone smiles as I take a few pictures."
"Thank you again so much, all of you. Everything was great and we are very thankful that you would help us with this." The cooks nod and smile and Miguel and Tony reply, saying it was no problem and thank us for the generous amount of money. They all leave and go back to the kitchen. I show the girls the pictures.
"Our first naked dinner in public," Sam says.
"Hopefully not the last," Molly replies.
I smile at them. "Ready to go?"
"Yes," they say.
We walk to the door and Miguel and Tony thank us again. Sam and Molly both give them hugs and it looks like they are very surprised. We exit the restaurant and start walking toward the truck.
"I want to feel you in my ass right now," Sam tells me. "I am so fucking horny." We walk to the truck. She turns around and leans against it, putting both of her hands on the hood and wiggling her ass at me. I walk up and slowly guide myself in.
"Go very slow," she tells me. I notice Molly standing to the side recording us. I take my time pushing in very slowly then doing the same pulling out. After a bit I lean against her back and reach around to massage her tits as I whisper into her ear. "Your ass feels amazing around my dick. I want you to suck me clean then get back to this position."
She turns around and does as told. She takes her time licking and sucking every single inch of it while looking up at me. After cleaning herself off of it she resumes her position against the truck with her hands on the hood and I continue slowly fucking her ass. I also lean against her and run my fingers all over her body as I fuck her, before yanking her hair back.
"Fuck, I love it when you pull my hair."
I pull harder as I speed up the pace a little bit, her face looking up at the sky.
"Molly, come over here and kneel down."
She walks over and kneels on the ground next to me. I pull out of Sam's ass and put my dick in front of her mouth. She doesn't hesitate before leaning in to lick and suck it clean. I repeat fucking Sam and having Molly suck me off back and forth for a few minutes.
"Get behind me and lick my ass while we fuck," I tell Molly. She gets behind me and goes right for my asshole as I continue slowly fucking Sam. She holds my ass cheeks apart with her hands as she licks.
After a few minutes of this Sam says "I don't want to cum right now and don't want you to finish either. Save it."
I pull out of her and she cleans me off with her mouth again. She didn't play with herself at all. She's really taking this not touching herself thing seriously. "We should get out of here. We've been lucky so far to not be seen."
As we start to climb in I look at Sam. "I want you in the front seat. I want to watch you tease yourself on the way home."
"Ok, Daddy."
Sam climbs into the passenger seat while I get in and Molly gets into the back. As I start driving I look at Sam. "I want you to pleasure yourself and edge the whole way home."
"I still don't want to touch my clit, but will fuck my ass and play with my tits."
"Whatever makes you feel good."
As we drive home Sam is leaning against the passenger side door with one foot on the floor and one on the seat, facing me spread eagle. She runs her hands along her body while stopping to massage her tits and pinch her nipples.
"Mol, hand me my bag."
Molly hands Sam her purse. Sam reaches in and pulls out a pretty big dildo. It has to be at least 10 inches long. "I had no idea you brought that."
"I figured it might come in handy." She licks the end of the dildo to add some lubricant to it before slowly inserting it into her ass. She goes slow, inserting it half an inch at a time. After a while, to my surprise, she has the whole thing in her ass. She leaves it there as she again runs her hands along her body and playing with her tits. She then reaches down and slowly removes the dildo. She slowly fucks herself with it the entire drive home, taking it out to clean it off and add more spit once in a while. Molly alternates between watching Sam and playing with herself in the back seat.
When we're a few minutes away from the house I come up with an idea. I look at my daughter and tell her "for the rest of the ride I want you on my dick."
"While you're driving?"
"Yes. There's hardly anyone on the road and I'll be fine." I open my pants and slide them down below my knees.
"Ok," she says. She hands Molly the dildo and climbs on top of me face to face. She positions herself over my dick and reaches behind herself to grab it and guide it to her asshole before sitting down and taking me in. As she does she looks at me with such intensity.
"I love you, Daddy."
"I love you too, baby."
Sam smiles before leaning in to kiss me, this time with tongue. After a few seconds I pull away to look at the road. As I drive Sam moves her ass up and down my dick while kissing my neck and ear. She slows down her pace after a couple of minutes.
"I have to stop," she tells me. "I want to hold off until tomorrow or even longer."
"You have way more will power than I do," I tell her.
"You have no idea how it feels when I deny myself. My body is so sensitive and kind of tingly until I cum. When I do eventually cum it's like my entire body is orgasming. The feeling is unreal.
"When's the last time you orgasmed?"
"I think last night when Molly went down on me at the fountain."
"Wow, that's crazy. Alright, we're almost home. Just stay there another minute." She stays still on my lap with me fully inside of her while she kisses me, my face, my neck, and licks my ears.
After I pull into the driveway and park Sam lifts herself off before leaning down to clean me off. We all get out and head inside as I pull up my pants. As we walk in Sam turns towards me. "Can we get all the clothes out of my room now? I can't wait any longer to get that done."
"Sure," I reply. "As long as Molly doesn't mind."
"Not at all. I'll help."
I go and grab a few random boxes from the basement and we all walk up to Sam's room. After I watch Sam put a medium black plug in, and Molly a jeweled one, we spend the next hour or so putting most of Sam's clothes and all of her jewelry into the boxes and bring them all down to the basement in a few trips. "We'll figure out what to do with these later," I tell her. After making some room in one of the closets down there we go and grab the few things Sam left out that she might want access to at some point and put them in there. It's not much. Just her heels, some other shoes, a few dresses, a couple pairs of shorts, a couple shirts, a few pairs of socks, and some hoodies. Her bedroom no longer has a single piece of clothing or jewelry in it. Every drawer is empty. Her closet is as well, except boxes with what I assume are her sex toys and other personal belongings.
"I'll buy a lock and install it tomorrow."
"Thank you so much, Daddy. I really appreciate you doing all of this for me."
"Glad to help. I'll do what I can to make you happy."
Sam smiles and gives me a kiss before we all head back upstairs. We all sit on the couch after and relax for a bit. As we talk about the night and half pay attention to some TV Sam leans over and kisses me and we start making out. She climbs on top of me and starts grinding my dick between her ass cheeks as I get super hard. Without breaking our kiss she sits up, removes her plug and tosses it aside, grabs my dick, guides it to her ass, and starts slowly fucking me. There is something different this time. It is very passionate. We are making love, not fucking. There's no hurry and we are just in the moment, enjoying each other. I forget Molly is even there until I open my eyes to look into Sam's and see Molly out of the corner of them. She is watching us and touching herself from the chair next to the couch. We stare into each other's eyes and don't say a word as she continues slowly fucking me and softly moaning in between kisses.
"I love you," she says.
"I love you too."
"No. I love you," putting an emphasis on the love.
"I mean it the same way."
She smiles and resumes kissing me. I am in love with my daughter and having the best sex of my entire life.
"I don't think I can hold out any longer," she says.
"Don't. Let go. Enjoy it and don't deny yourself. You can do that another time. I want to watch your face as I cum into you."
"Ok," she replies. "I have an idea."
She lifts off of me and positions herself so she can suck my dick. She does so, cleaning her ass off of it as usual. After a short while she climbs back on top of me and grabs my dick again. She guides me in and it feels different. I am in her pussy right now!
"Baby, are you sure?"
"Yes. As sure as I've ever been about anything," she replies as she slowly moves her pussy up and down my dick. "I told myself it would take someone very special to do this again and you are that someone."
"You feel amazing," I tell her.
"So do you. So does this. It's been so long and everything is extra sensitive."
We stop talking and just be with each other, making passionate love while looking into each other's eyes. After a few minutes I am ready to explode soon.
"I'm so close," I tell her.
"Me too." She speeds up her thrusting.
"Where do you want me to cum?"
Just keep going like this," she replies.
I don't say a word, but wonder if this is a good idea. Since she hasn't had vaginal sex in a long time she might not be on the pill, but I don't want to ruin the moment. I just keep going and don't care.
"Baby, I'm gonna cum."
She nods her head, her face with a look of complete ecstasy. "Do it."
As she is looking into my eyes I start cumming into my daughter's pussy. Once the first rope comes out her head tilts back and she begins to moan. She moves her hand down to her clit and furiously rubs as her orgasm begins, grabbing her tits and pinching her nipples with her free hand. I cum and cum, rope after rope, as she rides my dick through her orgasm with her moans getting louder. She then lets out a very loud scream as her hand speeds up even faster. I finish cumming and just watch this beautiful sight in front of me. Her body starts to tremble when she tilts her head forward and looks at me while continuing to scream and rub herself. I don't think anyone has ever had more pleasure than she looks to be having in this moment. Her orgasm continues for a while as her screams become moans again and she starts slowing down her thrusting and rubbing. Her body jolts and she slows down more before collapsing forward with her chest on mine and head resting on my shoulder. She is breathing hard. She stays there as she catches her breath. After a couple of minutes she leans back and faces me. Without saying a word she kisses me, softly and passionately. She stops and leans back.
"Holy shit. That was epic. My entire body is tingling."
"It felt amazing for me too." She smiles.
"Good."
We both look over at Molly and she is just sitting there, her mouth open, looking with her phone pointed at us. "That was the hottest thing I have ever seen. It was electric."
I look back at Sam. "Electric, huh?"
"Definitely," she replies. "You got that on video," she asks Molly. Molly nods with a smile as Sam looks back at me with one of her own. I can't wait to watch that and glad we'll always have that.
"Me too, baby. I love you."
"I love you too."