This story continues from Alice the Exhibitionist, part 2 which ideally should be read first.
We had both been really looking forward to getting back down to the nudist beach the next day. I could tell Alice was excited about it as she talked of little else the evening before, and how she hoped there would be plenty of men to see her and she was looking forward to seeing all their cocks too. But the British summer can be unpredictable, and we woke up to the sound of pouring rain rattling against the caravan roof. We were both pretty gutted but remained hopeful it might blow over, but by the time we had had breakfast, and both showered it had not abated, and it continued to rain most of the morning. It was pretty warm still at least and so I volunteered to go down to the little site shop and get a few things.
I was just getting my bearings in the shop after wrestling with the umbrella when I suddenly heard a familiar voice behind me,
"Hello Steve!"
I turned to see Michael, our friend from the beach, fully clothed this time, at least in a pair of shorts and shirt, but looking a little wet, standing there holding a couple of cases of fruit juice.
"Michael, hi! Fancy seeing you here."
"Indeed, are you camping on this site?" He asked.
"Yes, just up the hill, number 17."
"Right. I help out here a couple of mornings a week, just bringing in some deliveries for the shop, keeps me out of mischief."
"I see."
"And how is the lovely Alice?" He said with a cheeky grin raising his eyebrows.
"Very well, thanks, although she's a bit down really, we had planned on going back to the beach today but look at the bloody weather!"
"Oh, yes, such a shame, and I think it is going to be warm but showery all day. Were you hoping to have more fun?"
"Yes, we were, Alice was getting pretty excited about it, damn shame."
Michael put down the cases he was carrying and looked down thoughtfully for a moment and then said,
"Well, maybe we could have a bit more fun together?"
"Really?" I queried.
"Well, if you are both up for it. I finish here at one o'clock and I could pop round to...say hello if that would be OK?
I looked at Michael and registered the unmistakable gleam in his eye, his cheeky smile lighting up his tanned face and I mirrored his smile.
"Yes, I think Alice would love to see you again!"
"Excellent!" Said Michael with obvious enthusiasm, "Well that sounds quite promising then!"
"Yes, shall we say one o'clock then?" I said.
"One o'clock, see you then." Said Michael shaking my hand and looking incredibly happy and went back to his work.
I bought a few bits at the shop and battled with my umbrella again back to the caravan hoping to find Alice as excited as I was about meeting with Michael again.
When I told her about Michael coming over she was a little more reserved, slightly surprised I think but clearly when it sank in I could see she was extremely excited. She thought about it for a moment and then looked at me blushing slightly with a grin asked,
"Do you want me to show myself off to Michael again?"
"Yes, absolutely, wouldn't you like that?" I asked.
Alice sniggered a little and answered,
"Yes, that's quite exciting!"
She looked down a little coyly and thoughtfully and then added,
"Do you want me to be naughty again?"
"Oh yes!"
"Very naughty?" she said, blushing a little deeper as she looked up at me with her blue eyes.
"Extremely naughty Alice!" I said in a mock stern voice.
Alice giggled and then added,
"And would you like me to fuck him?"
"Oh, that would be amazing! Do you want to?" I asked hopefully.
"Hmm, maybe! At least in the caravan we could relax and do...whatever!"
We both laughed and kissed as we embraced for a moment. Then Alice looked into my face and asked,
"What do you want me to wear?"
"Your new boobtube, your short denim skirt and white knickers."
"OK!"
And she skipped off to the bedroom to get changed.
Chapter 2
One o'clock came and went as I constantly glanced at my watch a little nervously and then there was a knock at the door at about 10 minutes past. I opened it to see by Michael smiling broadly underneath an umbrella and carrying fish and chips and a large bottle of wine.
"Hi Michael, come in!" I said.
"Thank you, and hi Alice, you're looking lovely" said Michael, as he leant in and kissed her on the cheek and admiring her white boobtube, looking her up and down.
"Thank you, nice to see you again." Said Alice in reply, blushing slightly and smiling.
"Thought you might want lunch folks." Said Michael holding up the bag with the fish and chips and the wine in his other hand."
"That's looks and smells great, thank you so much."
"You're both very welcome." Said Michael.
We had lunch on the dining table by the big windows, all the time Michael eyeing up Alice in her new top but chatting casually and all of us having an enjoyable time as we tucked into the wine too.
After lunch we all had coffee but kept our wine glasses topped up as well and moved into the small lounge area, Micheal and Alice sitting together on the sofa seat and me on a single chair adjacent to them. We all looked around at each other slightly hesitantly, all of us probably wondering how to proceed and so I produced a small joint I had made earlier and said,
"Perhaps an after-lunch smoke...to relax us all?"
"Hmm, why not." Said Michael.
I sparked up and we sat quietly passing it around and sank gently into a little period of reflection just finishing our coffees and sipping our wine for another 15 minutes or so. Michael and Alice I noticed kept glancing furtively at each other and smiling gently, their mutual attraction quite obvious and I was desperately hoping that things would develop soon. Michael finally broke the silence,
"Alice, that's a lovely top you have, it's very pretty, it really suits you."
"Oh, thank you, I just bought it yesterday, I was a little worried that it might be a bit revealing."
"Oh nothing to worry about, it shows off your feminine charms beautifully, and if you've got it you should enjoy it and flaunt it." Said Michael.
"Stand up Alice and give Michael a proper look." I suggested.
Michael's face pricked with attention at this, and he looked on commenting,
"Oh that would be lovely."
"OK." Said Alice quite cheerfully.
She bounced up out of her seat and stood right in front of Michael leaving me a side on view.
"Lift your arms up Alice."
Alice obliged, lifting up her arms straight as the white material stretched over her little breasts and as she just stood there holding her pose her nipples gradually became quite visible as they started to erect under the attention.
"Oh my word, that is most lovely." Said Michael a little dreamily.
"I think she likes it too; you can see her nipples now quite well poking out of the material." I added.
Alice blushed quite nicely at my words, and she looked down at her predicament but thankfully didn't flinch. Michael eased forwards in his seat and rested both his hands either side of her hips as he looked intently at breasts beneath the sheer fabric.
"Oh yes, you certainly can, and if you look carefully you can even make out the dark patches of her areolas which are quite large and really beautiful. Goodness if you went out in public like this you could cause quite a stir young lady."
Michael let go of her hips and sat back again admiring the whole view in front of him, Alice blushing brightly and throwing the odd glance down at his face.
"Something we intend to do. You'd like that wouldn't you Alice, to be paraded out in public like that, lots of men looking at you, admiring you." I continued.
"Yes." Said Alice a little breathlessly.
"And that's quite a short skirt, I hope you remembered to put some panties on today Alice!" I teased.
Michael flashed me a look, either in shock or hope, it was difficult to tell which, but Alice confirmed with another breathless 'Yes' that she had indeed remembered to put her panties on.
"What colour are they Alice?" Asked Michael looking up into her face with a smile.
"White." She answered still blushing brightly.
The tension was really starting to build in the room, and I could feel the tension beginning to tent against my shorts too as I felt my cock begin to stir. Things seemed to be going very well and I decided to push things a little further.
"Show Michael Alice. Lift up your skirt and show him your panties."
Alice was also clearly starting to feel very excited too as she didn't hesitate at all but just lowered her hands to the bottom of her skirt and lifted it up directly in front of Michael still only about two feet in front of him. Michael tilted his head slightly and breathed out slowly admiring the sight of Alice in her tight white knickers.
"Oh my!"
He said, and without thinking adjusted his cock in his shorts momentarily.
"How stunning!" He added.
I moved from my seat and sat down next to Michael to get a better view myself.
"Hmm, it certain is!"
I agreed, as I glanced up at Alice and caught her eye. She beamed down at me as she proudly stood in her shameless attitude to be admired by her avid audience. I couldn't believe how arousing she looked and knowing Michael was equally entranced seemed to duplicate my own pleasure. Michael and I sipped quietly at our drinks as we drank in the scene in front of us, and I suddenly noticed the sudden quiet in the room as the rain finally stopped quite suddenly and the sun shone through the window behind us both highlighting just one or two of Alice's pubic hairs caught outside her panties. We both sat admiring the view for a minute or two until I told Alice,
"Turn round."
Alice instantly did a swift twirl and lifted up the back of her skirt to show off her beautiful little bottom in her white knickers. Michael just groaned out loud when her saw her arse and her buttocks flinch briefly in an effort to stop the momentum of her twirl.
"Nice isn't it?" I said.
"Very nice!" Said Michael emphatically.
"Let's see if we can improve this even more shall we...Alice, bend over!" I ordered.
And she did as she was told, bending at the waist, and presenting her pert bottom towards us, the centre of her tight panties riding up slightly into the slit of her vagina. I noticed a few more stray whisps of her pubic hair poking out of the gusset of her knickers and even more obvious, a dark wet patch in the centre beginning to form.
"Well, look at that Michael!"
"Hmm, lovely, looks like someone is very excited!" He exclaimed.
I chuckled and added,
"It certainly does, doesn't it, look at the wet patch in her knickers."
"Hmm delicious." Michael replied as he stared intently.
Alice emitted a slight sigh, and I could see her breathing had become quite heavy as her top half was starting to sway slightly becoming a little giddy. We continued to admire her in this position for another minute or two once again quietly sipping at our wine and then I told her,
"Thank you Alice, you can stand up now."
She did so and turned to face us voluntarily holding up the front of her skirt I noted which seemed to bode well.
"Did you enjoy that Alice?" Asked Michael.
"Yes," She said still blushing madly, "very much."
"Hmm, on the beach the other day you seemed so reticent to begin with; it was a lovely surprise to realise you are such a naughty little show off." Said Michael smiling gently.
Alice glanced between us both as she looked down at us still holding up her skirt at the front and said quietly and a little breathlessly,
"No, I really like doing it."
"Ah, such a shame we couldn't get to the beach today, we could have found a much larger audience for you Alice, would you like that." Michael asked.
Alice nodded with wide eyes and answered,
"Oh yes!"
Michael and I both laughed at her genuine enthusiasm, and I said,
"Well I think Michael has had enough time to enjoy your new top and a little more, so how about you go and change into your other new item of clothing to show him?"
"Oh, the bikini?" Said Alice.
"Yes, the bikini!"
Alice sniggered and said, "OK." With a very slight hesitation I noticed, but nonetheless walked off quickly to the bedroom to change.
Michael turned to me inquisitively and asked,
"The bikini?"
"Ha, well yes, almost, you wait until you see it, it really doesn't leave much to the imagination!"
"Wow, let the show continue then!"
Said Michael as he held up his glass towards mine and we chinked them together in the air and downed the contents of our wine glasses. I stood up and fetched the wine bottle from the table and came back and filled Michael's glass and then my own.
"You might need this!" I added with a smile.
"I don't think I'm going to need a stiffener!" He said laughing as he adjusted the obvious bulge in his shorts again, and I followed suit before sitting down again laughing along with him.
"Mind if I smoke, Steve?"
"Not at all."
"Would you like one?"
"Yes, Ok, thanks."
He handed me a cigarette and taking out a lighter from his trouser pocket we lit them both and sat back for a moment happy and looking forward to our next show. I knew of course what was coming and could hardly wait to see what Michael would make of it.
Alice suddenly popped her head around the door of the sitting room and looked over at us with a big grin,
"I'm ready!" She said.
"Excellent! Well don't keep us waiting, come on in and show us!" I said beckoning her in frantically.
Alice strolled in, her face blushing brightly as she came to a stop in front of us, standing up straight, hands by her sides almost to attention. Of course, she looked sexy as hell, what little there was of the sky-blue material barely covered her nipples and areolas and the crotch left a number of stray public hairs visible as I looked down between her legs. Michael was actually speechless for a few seconds. He remained still, his glass in one hand, cigarette in the other, like a manikin, his mouth slightly open, the only thing to move were his eyes as they flicked up and down Alice's near naked body taking in every detail. I waited a minute as I looked on proudly at my beautiful girlfriend so willingly displaying herself to our nearly new friend.
"So, what do you think Michael? Not bad hey?"
"Fuck me." Said Michael quite slowly and clearly.
Alice giggled a little and I laughed aloud at Michael's comment and answered,
"Well, that might just be possible Michael."
"Oh, excuse my language!" He exclaimed all of a sudden as if coming to from his revery.
"No need to apologise!" I said, "That was an open and honest appraisal!"
I added laughing now along with Michael as he took another drag on his cigarette appreciating my good humour. I held my cigarette up and offered it to Alice and taking it between her fingers, she took a long drag, filling up her lungs making her breasts swell out as her chest lifted and then blew out the smoke in a long seductive breath. Seeing Alice smoking like this standing so brazenly in front of us made her look kind of slutty and I felt my cock move up a notch to almost completely erect. I sat back looking Alice in the eye as she took another drag and looked down at my crotch bulging out towards her and she smiled sweetly as she blew out another puff of smoke and handed me back the cigarette leaning over as she did so. I took the cigarette in my left hand and lifted the finger of my right in front of her face and said,
"Wait. Stay like that."
As she bent over the thin straps of her bikini top sagged very slightly and the material relaxed leaving the sides of her dark areolas quite visible, the rest of the material only held in place by her stiff nipples. I reached out with my right hand and very gently tickled the edge of her left breast, and Alice visibly shivered letting out a sharp breath but remained motionless as instructed. Micheal simply groaned out loud as he watched me continue to tickle Alice around her breast.
"See that Michael?"
"Oh yes, I can see her nipple stiffening up against the material as well!"
"Why don't you try the other one Michael?"
"Certainly." He said, and immediately lifted up his left hand and began to tickle Alice, copying my own movements on her other breast. Alice was now leaning into us both, her face level with both of ours barely a few inches away and we could clearly hear her tiny yelps and gasps of breath as she enjoyed our gentle toying with her. The noises from Alice became increasingly audible as we continued to play with her breasts, and we could both clearly see her nipples becoming more and more erect pushing the tiny circles of material away from her body and revealing more and more of her large puffy areolas.
Michael leant into her face a little closer and opening his mouth, stretched out his tongue towards Alice's mouth. Alice mirrored his movements and put her tongue out and I watched, mesmerised, as their tongues met and tasted each other in the open air, both lapping at the other. I glanced down and saw Michael's cock visibly moving in his shorts as he grew fully erect, and I moved in towards Alice and traced my tongue gently across her lips. Her tongue flicked across accepting mine and she continued to push her tongue back and forth between me and Michael.
This went on for a few minutes and for a moment I thought I might come in my shorts, so I reluctantly pulled back a little and untied the straps at the back of Alice's neck and then the clasp on her back and the top dropped onto the floor leaving her naked little breasts hanging down invitingly. Michael immediately clasped both his hands over my girlfriend's breasts as he pushed his tongue deep into her mouth. Alice then knelt down on her knees still kissing him back and arched her back pushing her breasts hard against Michael's hands. All of a sudden Alice gave out a little muffled squeal as her body began to shudder in a quick spasm, once, twice, and then as Michael pulled back from their kiss Alice let out a huge,
"Oooh god!"
She shuddered once more as Michael kept a firm grip on her naked breasts, and then clenching her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers he slowly stretched out her nipples from her body and just held them there. She looked up at us a bit wide-eyed and breathed out heavily exclaiming,
"Christ, I just came!"
I smiled back at her and asked,
"Wow! Was that good?"
Alice puffed out another long breath and said,
"Yes, it was amazing! Thank you." She added looking back and forth between myself and Michael.
"You OK?" I asked, thinking for a moment that she may want to stop or at least have a break.
"I'm absolutely wonderful!"
"Want to carry on?" I checked.
"Too right!" She answered with great enthusiasm.
Michael chuckled next to me and finally letting go of Alice's nipples he sat back in the seat and adjusted the huge hardon in his shorts yet again. I glanced down at him and looking at Alice said,
"Do you want to suck Michael... to say thank you?"
Alice looked quite elated, and her eyes opened wide, a big grin shot over her face as she answered,
"Yes please!"
I just looked at Michael and raised my eyebrows. He didn't need any more invitation and Alice looked down to his crotch eagerly as he leaned back in the seat and unzipped his shorts, reached inside with some difficulty and finally pulled out his very stiff looking circumcised cock holding it triumphantly in the air to show Alice.
"Oh, what a lovely cock!" Said Alice almost dreamily without thinking.
"You like that, Alice?" I asked, watching her carefully.
"Oh, yes!" She said excitedly.
"Get to it then." I said.
Alice looked back at me and smiled as she first licked her lips and then, opening her mouth, lowered her face towards Michael's stiff cock. Her eyes then flicked across at Michael with a look of absolute lust as she poked out her tongue and slowly pushed her tongue across his engorged cockhead as he gasped quietly, then with her blue eyes firmly fixed on Michael, she closed her mouth over the whole of his cockhead, placed both her hands around the base, and we heard an audible little slurp as she then pushed her mouth slowly down his cock taking in a good 4 inches or so. Then she came slowly back up keeping eye contact with Michael and arching her back still with the tip of his cock in her mouth she pushed her shoulders back pointing her puffy little breasts at him.
"Oh Jesus!" Cried Michael.
I smiled down at the scene watching closely and said to Michael with a smile,
"Is that good Michael?"
"Oh my god, your girlfriend really knows how to suck cock!"
"Yes, she does, doesn't she!" I answered, marvelling at just how much effort she was putting into it, and just how much she was clearly enjoying it.
To be honest though, I was still hopeful that she might let Michael fuck her as I was dying to see that and I was a bit concerned that he might blow his load in her mouth again as he had done at the beach, but maybe because he was that much older he seemed to have an admirable amount of control, occasionally pushing her back a little and controlling the slow rhythm of her mouth on his cock with a hand on the back of her head.
I watched in some awe as my girlfriend sucked Michael with amazing expertise, teasing him and clearly savouring every moment he was in her mouth. It was patently obvious that Alice was enjoying this at least as much as Michael. I was enjoying it so much I couldn't hold back and stood up and dropped my shorts and underwear, kicking them off my feet and sat back down stiff cock in hand to continue watching this beautiful spectacle.
Alice continued with her sucking, her saliva dripping down the edges of Michael's veiny cock and illuminating the grey hairs of his pubes, as she mumbled and moaned with every long stroke of her mouth. She became increasingly vocal until I asked her outright,
"Alice, do you want to be fucked?"
She took Michael's cock out of her mouth momentarily and answered,
"Yes, I want to be fucked please!"
"Would you like Michael to fuck you?"
"I don't care who fucks me, just somebody please fuck me!"
She nearly shouted the last sentence and I looked at Micheal and he looked at me and just sort of nodded his head towards Alice in a question,
"Sure Michael, you can fuck her if you like." I said, giving him permission to fuck my girlfriend.
Alice let go of Michael's cock finally and lay back on the floor,
"Lie down on your back Michael, Alice likes to be on top."
"Whatever works for you my lovely." He said to Alice.
"Do you want to watch up close?" He asked me.
"Yes."
Michael lay down as instructed holding his rigid cock in the air. I lay down next to him, top to tail and we both looked up to see Alice finally removing her bikini bottoms and discarding them onto the carpeted floor and revealing her little blond muff to us both. She stepped over to us and placed her feet either side of Michael's hips and then squatted down. She then pushed her face down towards Michael's and they enjoyed a long snog as I watched holding my increasingly throbbing cock up in the air trying not to hold it too tight in case I came to soon. Alice finally came up from their snog and looked back at me asking,
"Are you sure you want me to do this?"
I just nodded unable to speak as I held my breath hardly believing my girlfriend was willing to put another man's cock up her and bounce up and down on it, but...that is just what she did. Finally she reached back as I saw her hands from my position barely a foot away as she grasped his thick circumcised cock and slowly rubbed the engorged head up and down her pussy lips. She started to laugh and called out,
"Oh god, that feels wonderful! He is rock hard!"
Then she finally stopped moving his cock up and down her slit as she found the hole and paused. Amazingly she looked down at me again and I looked up a little puzzled,
"Ready?"
"Yes." I said quietly.
"I'll only do it if you tell me to put it in." She replied.
"Put it in." I said clearly.
And she slowly sank down as I saw Michael's cock close up slowly being fed into her pussy. She sank her haunches right down until their pubic hair rubbed together and she let out a long-satisfied chuckle.
"Oh, my god that's good."
I knew Michael had already made my girlfriend come once and I was fully expecting her to come with his cock inside her. I watched quite mesmerised, my own hand around my cock as I gently rolled my foreskin up and down as I saw my girlfriend's pussy stretch as she pushed down and then saw all her juices leaving a long slick on his cock as she lifted up again, and I saw her anus exposed in the air at the apex of their rhythm. Then she pounded up and down on his cock pushing her pelvis with some force against Michael's and their tongues entwined as they both grunted and groaned in pleasure whilst snogging heavily. This went on for a good five minutes and I had to let go of my cock as I thought I would come just watching until Alice suddenly exclaimed quite urgently.
"Christ I'm going to come again... soon, I'm going to come on his big cock!"
"Can I come in your pussy?" Asked Michael with equal urgency.
"Yes, come inside me, I want to feel you come in me!" She answered.
I lifted my cock up in an effort to show Alice my own predicament, and luckily she took the hint and leant over slightly whilst still pushing her pelvis up and down and took my cock in her mouth and started to suck me hard. I could feel her humming on my cock as she sucked me off, and then I heard Michael call out,
"Oh Christ here I come, I'm going to squirt my come up you Alice!"
"Oh yes, do it please!"
I couldn't hold out any longer, and as I heard Michael cry out again as he flooded my girlfriend's pussy with spunk, I felt my cock shoot straight into Alice's mouth which surprized her a little and she withdrew a little too far and the second shot spurted into her face before she could put her mouth back down around my cock again and I filled her mouth up with my come.
Alice then screamed out a muffled cry as she had her mouth still closed and full of my come as she came, impaled on Micheal's cock, and I heard her pelvis slapping against his spent body as he let out a little puff of air with each of her thrusts until she finally came to a standstill.
After a few seconds she looked down at me with a big smile and her mouth still closed tight full of my come as she pointed at her mouth with her finger. Then she took a visible swallow and opened her mouth laughing,
"Hmm, all gone!"
She continued to laugh as she slowly rose up and I saw Michael's embedded cock slowly emerge from her pussy heavily coated with her juices and finally slap down onto his belly. She threw herself to the carpet on her back exhausted but very happy lying away from us both as we looked over at her, her legs spread wide towards us both and then after a short moment she said looking back towards us,
"Oh, here it comes, I'm full of Michael's spunk!"
My cock twitched again as I saw a huge blob of Michael's sperm drip out of my girlfriend's pussy onto the carpet as she laughed.