If you have read any of the previous Jess stories you know that there are a few things that drive Jess's sexuality and our sexual relationship: Exhibitionism, big cocks, and rough sex. About 9 months into our relationship Jess moved in with me, which was like a fan to the already hot flame. Our relationship, as sexual as it was from the beginning, went to whole new levels. We indulged our fantasies and fetishes and fed our sexuality at every turn. Everything was elevated and pushed beyond any boundaries that we may have had before. Essentially, Jess was transforming into the epitome of the persona that we talked about in our fantasies. She literally strived to live out every fantasy and act on every obsession every chance she had. This was amazing but could also be destructive to our relationship and our relationships with others. Her sexiness and the no holds barred approach alienated some couples and even a neighbor. Women just could not handle their men staring at Jess or would be completely offended by her exhibitionism or all out nudity at times. She never came onto their men, but she wanted them to look, and she wanted them to desire her. I wanted the same, and that just does not fly with most other women who were very protective of their husbands or boyfriends.
When it came to exhibitionism Jess was well beyond never having a bra on and her nipples poking through her shirts. In the morning, around my house she almost always only wore just a wife-beater tank top or a longer thin t-shirt and nothing else. They would come down just past her ass, but any slight movement exposed her ass and pussy to whomever was around. She knew it, and I loved it. I had the privilege of being able to look at her nude anytime I wanted, but I would still try and catch glimpses of her goodies in the morning just like a stranger would need to do. What a turn on for me.
When we started to date Jess was only 20 years old and I was 32. This story takes place a little more than a year into our relationship, the summer before Jess turned 22. Jess is 5'6" tall, with long blond hair, dark eyes, and full firm breasts. Her nicely long torso, flat tight stomach, long legs, perfect ass, gorgeous tight small bald pussy with beautiful lips, and killer (almost innocent) smile top it all off. She IS the complete package, trust me.
On weekend mornings we would drink coffee on our back patio. Sometimes we would sit at the table, other times we would sit in the outdoor patio chairs that faced the water. We live on the water and there are no fences between the houses and although the cul-de-sac we live on has large homes, they are pretty close together like most waterfront communities. Our neighbor Tom always found a reason to come by to chat with us on the mornings we were out there. He knew he was always going to be treated to Jess's hard nipples poking through the thin material of whatever she was wearing that morning. On the mornings she wore a white tank top he could make out her nipples through the thin fabric. Now that Jess had moved in Tom began to get more of an eyeful than ever before, and more frequently.
As I said, Jess had begun to push everything to its limits, and coffee in the morning was no different. I recall two mornings where things seemed to turn a corner. On the first morning Jess was in a t-shirt that barely covered her ass. Tom had stopped by, and Jess got up to refill her coffee. She stood up from the table and turned to go in the house. We were sitting on the lower patio and in order to enter the house, Jess would have to go up 4 steps. Even as she got up and started to walk away you could just make out the bottom curves of her sexy ass as the T-shirt came just to the edge of her ass cheeks. Then as she started up the stairs to go into the house, more and more of her ass came into view with each step due to the angle of where we were sitting. With the elevated angle to the top of the stairs almost her entire ass was on display for Tom and me. Not only that, but Jess also has one of those pussies where she has nice thigh gap, so from behind, depending on how she is standing, you can make out some or most of her pussy lips. The natural posture of leaning forward as she went up the stairs, combined with the motion of climbing stairs one leg at a time, gave us brief but exceptional views of Jess's smooth and beautiful pussy lips from behind. Jess typically knows what she is doing when she is flashing or giving someone a glimpse, but later, when I told her what we had been able to see, she was surprised and said she did not realize you could see that much.
When she returned with her fresh cup of coffee, we got the frontal view this time, at the same angle. The t-shirt reached a few inches past her pussy in the front but with her being elevated from our point of view we could clearly see up her t-shirt as she approached us to come down the stairs. We were both watching, and we were both treated to a quick but very clear view of her beautiful bald pussy. I love the way Jess's pussy is shaped and positioned because from the front you get this beautiful slit that shows her small lips and from behind you can see the rest of her pussy. When I glanced at Tom, I could see in his eyes that he was taking in the full splendor of her pussy.
The second morning I'm recounting was like the first, but at the same time different and better. On this Saturday morning I was sitting on the upper level of the patio. Tom saw me from his dock, waved, and came by to say hello. I asked him if he wanted a cup of coffee. I think he may have been disappointed that Jess was not out there for him to stare at, but he still said yes to the coffee. I asked him to sit down, and I went inside to get him a cup. As I entered the door, I saw Jess in the kitchen getting coffee for herself.
"Are you coming outside?" I asked.
"Yes, I was going to," she replied.
"Can you bring Tom a cup of coffee too?"
"Yes of course," she replied.
I went back outside and sat down at the table. Tom was sitting across from me and from our vantage point we could both turn our heads and see the door that leads into the house. As Jess opened the door, we both turned to look. Jess came out holding 2 cups of coffee. She was wearing a very thin light blue top. I believe this top might have been a nightgown of sorts, or maybe it was meant to be a thin top to wear over something else. Either way, it was very soft and very thin. You could easily make out her areoles through the material, and her nipples, which were always in some state of erection, were hard and poking through it like the shirt was not even there. It was by far the most transparent thing I remember her wearing around Tom to this point.
The shirt was not tight and form fitting, but instead hung loosely draped across her firm 34C breasts. The shirt fit a bit more snuggly over her hips. Typically, the shirts she wore would come down to just below her pussy, but this shirt ended right at the bottom of her lips. It was subtle but if you looked closely, you could make out the curves of her pussy lips as they disappeared between her legs. I don't know if Tom caught a glimpse of her pussy lips or not, because he may have been staring at her nipples through the near transparent shirt. Tom nor I said a word as she approached the table. As she did, the tension of the moment made me feel that I needed to say something about how she was dressed. Tom was our neighbor after all, and I needed to make sure things did not get out of hand with someone so close to home.
"Looks like someone just rolled out of bed and is still in her nightgown," I joked.
Jess gave Tom his coffee and sat down at the head of the table, with one of us on either side. Nonchalantly, she replied, "Yeah I guess so. I wasn't planning on coming outside right away, but when you asked me to bring Tom a coffee it was just you two and I didn't feel like going to change. I hope you don't mind, Tom"
"Not at all. It's your house. Thanks for the coffee," he said.
We sipped our coffee while Tom and I enjoyed the view of Jess's nipples through her near transparent shirt. If Tom had ever wondered what Jess's nipples looked like, he clearly knew now. Looking down into Jess's lap I could see that the bottom of her shirt had ridden up and her pelvic area was exposed. She had her legs crossed so you could not make anything out other than the fact that her pussy was shaved completely bald, but it was still very erotic. Tom had the same vantage point as I did from his seat if he chose to look, and I'm sure he did.
Jess sat with us for a few minutes then said she was going to take a shower. She stood up, and as she did her shirt stuck to her hips and did not slip back down into place. She casually reached for the sides of the shirt to slip it down, but for a moment Tom and I had a clear, close-up view of that beautiful pussy from the front. Even with her shirt pulled down you could still see a slight bit of her lips below it. As Jess turned to walk away, we could see the shirt did not fully cover her ass cheeks either. We could also see through her thigh gap to the bottom curves of her tight pussy lips. The glimpses were ever so brief, but I was looking and so was Tom. I am sure he enjoyed the view as much as I did.
Tom finished his coffee and said he had to be going. After he left, I went inside and found Jess in the shower, "That nightgown may have been a bit much with Tom out there, babe. We live next to these people and don't need Carol getting completely pissed off. She already doesn't like how Tom stares at you. I don't think she even knows Tom comes over here every Saturday while she's at the gym."
"Whatever. He's always sneaking peaks of me when I am in a t-shirt so what's the big deal? I'm hung over, and I just didn't feel like changing. It's nothing he hasn't seen before," she replied from the other side of the shower door. I stripped off my clothes, opened the door, and joined Jess in the shower. My dick was already hard from watching her in the shower through the clear glass.
"Letting him get some peeks that could be seen as accidental is different than having everything on complete display. I love when you flash - it gets me hard - but I think we need to be a bit more reserved around certain people."
She reached down with her soapy hands and started to stroke my dick. "Tom doesn't mind, babe. He is probably at home right now stroking his little dick thinking about it."
"How do you know he has a little dick?" I asked.
"You can tell. When we're boating and he gets out of the water his bathing suit makes it so obvious. There is not much going on in there. Either way, trust me, he is not unhappy about my morning coffee outfits." We finished our shower of foreplay and I got Jess dried off and onto the bed so I could lick her little pussy to orgasm. It was a great session of morning sex!
This is just an example of how her attitude and boldness evolved over time. She always loved being an exhibitionist, and she really likes to flash her pussy when she gets the opportunity. That is how we ended up getting her clitoral hood pierced, without even realizing that getting her hood pierced would be the best thing someone who likes to show off her pussy could do. But we'll come back to that. Let me first tell you how getting her pussy pierced came about.
I have always had a thing for a girl with her pussy pierced. Preferably through the hood, and I like a small hoop instead of a bar. Don't get me wrong, it is all hot. But my preference is a thin hoop through the hood where the tension ball will hand down in front or over their clit. Jess has what is called a tulip style pussy (Google it). It's named for how the labia minora resemble a tulip about to bloom. With the tulip shape, her labia minora is slightly visible between the labia majora all the way down her slit, but her labia minora are small and do not hang as in a curtain shaped pussy. I wish I could post a picture at this part of the story so everyone could properly see what Jess's pussy looks like, but hopefully my description helps. The point is, I always thought that if she had a hoop through her hood, it would be on display so nicely because of how her pussy is shaped. Also, her clitoris is barely hidden by her hood, and I thought that the ball of the hoop would provide stimulation to her clit with this type of piercing.
I often told Jess of my desire to be with someone who had their pussy pierced, but she was always afraid of the pain of the needle going through her tender pussy. I always thought it was strange that she was afraid of a piercing as she loves the pain of hard, aggressive sex. She also likes hard spankings. I have even used a belt on her before. Not to the point that she was marked for days, but just some mild welting. While it was not her favorite thing, we both had fun with it. All of this made me think it was a little strange that she was afraid of a piercing. I think it was more the idea of the needle and blood that freaked her out. While the idea was not off the table, it was also not something that she was ready to run out the door and get done on a Saturday afternoon. That was until the right Saturday afternoon came around.
One Saturday morning Jess and I took our boat across the bay to have brunch at one of our favorite waterfront restaurants. Jess had thrown on a light sundress that fit her snuggly through her breast and mid-section but was looser around her hips and legs. The top was held up with thin spaghetti straps, and it showed off her nice cleavage. No bra of course, and her nipples poked through the solid olive colored dress the way she and I both liked. She did bring a small, cropped jean jacket which she could slip on if she wanted to cover her nipples when we went into the restaurant. Depending on what we are doing Jess may, or may not, wear a thong. Her dress that day was long, coming down to her knees, so she did not wear any panties at all. This was often the norm for her unless she was wearing something very short, and we were going somewhere she should not be panty-less.
We sat at a table out on the terrace overlooking the bay. As we wrapped up our meal the plan was to head out onto the water and anchor. We drank a couple mimosas during brunch and decided we wanted to get another drink before we left. After paying the tab, we headed downstairs to the restaurant's outside bar area and pulled up a couple of chairs. We each ordered a drink which then led to a second. It was just one of those days where we were relaxed, the conversation came easily, and we were enjoying what we call "day drinking". The stars were aligned!
As we ordered a second drink a friend of mine, John, that I have known since high school, came in with a guy I didn't know. John saw me as he walked in and came over to say hi. I stood to shake his hand and gave him a "bro hug". I introduced him to Jess, and he introduced his friend Marco to the two of us. I invited them to sit down at the bar with us. The waitress brought their drinks as we caught up on what had been going on in his life, etc. John had moved out of the area and was home for the weekend. Mario and Jess were chatting while John and I caught up.
Adding old friends to an already great day led to shots and more drinking. I had gotten into a deep discussion with John about his divorce and what he was doing in life. Jess and Mario were talking, seeming to hit it off. Jess was being her flirty fun self but nothing outlandish other than the jean jacket had come off and her cleavage and hard nipples were on display through the thin olive colored sun dress.
As John and I were talking I heard Jess say, "You have got to be fucking kidding me." That caught my attention and I turned to them and asked what they were talking about. What I had not mentioned yet is that Mario was covered in tattoos, with full sleaves on each arm. He had his eyebrow and nose pierced as well. Nothing out of the ordinary with that, but then Jess explained what her sudden outburst was about.
"Mario is a tattoo artist babe. Not only that, but he also does body piercings," she said.
My eyes immediately lit up, "No fucking way," I said.
"Yep, he does. I told him that you and I have been talking a lot about piercings and that I was considering getting a few," Jess said.
"What do you want to get done?" John chimed in.
"I wanted to get my nipples done, and Jim wants me to get my hood pierced. I'm still just thinking about that one though," she said.
Mario's eyes immediately scanned Jess from her hard nipples poking through her dress to his eyes glancing down at her crotch area. He looked up and said, "If your nipples were pierced you would be able to see the piercings through this dress, so think about that. Some people don't realize that, and they regret that they can't hide their piercings at work or at other times."
"I'm not worried about that so much. I am afraid I might lose sensitivity in my nipples though, and that scares me," Jess replied. Jess has very sensitive nipples. I swear I thought she was going to cum one time from me just licking her nipples.
John chimed in, "That scares you more than getting your kitty pierced?" he said.
"Getting my hood pierced is just skin. I looked it up and it would not affect the sensitivity of my clit. It might even provide stimulation of my clit from what I read online. At least that is what some women who have had their hoods pierced claim. I also think that I have really nice "kitty", as you called it, and I think it would look great." Jess knew what she was doing by providing that last little bit - making their cocks twitch at the thought of how her kitty would look.
"So, Mario, do you have any advice for someone like Jess who wants to get her nipples and pussy pierced?" I asked,
"You only live once, and it's better to know than to wonder, I always say. Piercings aren't like tattoos; they're not permanent. I always encourage people to be spontaneous with a piercing and just go for it. Worse thing that happens is you take it out and the hole heals up." Mario said. Then he added, "Just let me know when you want to get it done, I would be more than happy to do it for you on the house."
"When will you be at your shop next? We just might have to run up there and get it done," Jess asked.
"I am always there. Today this jack ass came in and wouldn't leave until I agreed to go have a drink with him. I am going back there as soon as we finish this one," he said referencing to John.
"Look how that turned out, I found you a new customer," John replied.
"I think I really want to do this. Babe, could we go now?" Jess asked looking at me.
"Well, that is up to you and Mario, if he is up for it. He's had a few drinks," I said.
"I could do a piercing with my eyes closed and a full bottle of Jack in me. Tattoos I would never have a drink before I did one, but piercings are easy. I have only had a few. If she is serious, I am happy to do it for her. I am very good at it, and you always want the best when it comes to such sensitive areas." Mario replied jokingly with a wink.
"Well babe, it's time to put up or shut up. What do you want to do?" I asked her.
"Let me get another shot of tequila and then let's go before I lose my nerve. How are we going to get there? We came on our boat," Jess said.
"I can drive us there. It's only a few blocks away," John said.
"Give me a minute to talk to Jess, guys," I said.
"No worries. I need to take a piss anyway. Be back in a few," John said. Mario went with him.
"You're serious, aren't you?" I asked Jess.
"Yes, as long as you're ok with it. I want to do this. I know you like it when a girl is pierced, and I have to admit the thought is turning me on," Jess said.
"The thought of letting Mario see your breasts and pussy and to touch them too, or the idea of having piercings?"
"A little of both, but really it's about the piercings. When he said you'd be able to see my piercings through my dress it really turned me on. But I really am scared about having my nipples done. I don't want to mess up their sensitivity. My pussy I am just afraid of how bad it will hurt, but I know it will not mess up my ability to cum. You know how sensitive my nipples are and I don't want to fuck that up," she said.
"I have always liked a pussy piercing and with how your pussy is shaped I thought it would be extra sexy on you. If you want to do this, I am happy that we are getting it done by someone we at least know a little instead of just walking into some strange place. I'll admit, the thought of watching you spread your legs for Mario is turning me on now too," I told her.
"Is your little guy getting hard thinking of him touching my pussy?" She asked.
"If it wasn't before it is now," I told her. She knows how much I like it when she talks like that.
"Ok, let's do it. Maybe I should have another shot before we go."
We ordered another shot and just as John and Mario got back the shots showed up. "John you're driving and Mario you need a steady hand, this is for us." Jess and I took the shots and each of us threw them back.
"Common, let's go put some holes in me," Jess said. That got a laugh from everyone.
We all piled into John's SUV and took the short ride to Mario's studio. John said he would drop us off and just wait out in the truck and make a few calls. Jess said from the backseat, "I don't mind if you come and watch. Were kind of all in this together now." Jess gave me a look and shrugged her shoulders.
"Yeah right, I can just wait in the car. It's no big deal," John said and looked at me to reassure me that he was not going to come in.
"Jess is right John, I kind of assumed you would be there anyway, and I know Jess does not mind and neither do I. Come in with us. It will be fun if Mario doesn't mind," I said.
"I don't care, the room is not very big, but we can all fit. If Jess wants you to come in its fine with me," he said.
"I am going to need all of the moral support I can get to go through with this. I probably should have had another 10 shots first, but what the fuck. This is going to either be a great story or a big mistake," Jess said.
In a matter of minutes, we were at Mario's shop, and we all piled out of the SUV and headed inside.
The place was not very big. It had 3 seats up front and a small table that looked like someone could lay down on to get a tattoo or piercing. There were a two people in chairs getting tattoos and a few people waiting. At first, I got nervous that the piercing would take place on the table in front of all these people, but Mario led us towards the back to a room. "You guys can go in there while I get the stuff we need. Jess, come with me and pick out the studs or rings you want."
Jess and Mario went over to a small display of jewelry, and John and I went into the room. "Are you sure you don't care if I am in here man? I feel kind of creepy," John said.
"I don't mind at all. Jess wouldn't have invited you if she didn't want you in here," I told him.
"Dude, she is gorgeous. I'm not going to lie. When she said I could come in I really didn't want to pass that invitation up. But I did want to make sure you were okay with it first," John replied.
"I am totally ok with it. Jess is not shy about her body."
"Is she a stripper or something?" John asked. It was a fair question, considering the circumstances.
"No, not at all. She works at my company. She's a med tech. She wears scrubs to work every day. Nobody there really even realizes what an amazing body she has, but outside of work it's a different story," I told him.
"So that's how you met her. I was wondering. She looks like she's only 18. How old is she?"
"She'll be 22 next month. We started dating a few months before she turned 21. Perfect set of circumstances for how that happened," I told him.
Jess came back in and sat on the small table in the middle of the room. The table was a medical table of sorts, but was setup more like a seat, with a step at the front and the other end of the table locked upright, angled back to serve as a backrest. Mario came in carrying a small tray that had an alcohol bottle, cotton balls, sterilized needle packages, and 2 studs and one ring. I assumed the studs were for her nipples and the ring for her pussy. He sat the tray on a small rolling table that was against the wall. Next to the small table was a stool, also on casters. He pulled the stool and the small table to the foot of the table where Jess sat quietly waiting, then sat on the stool in front of her. "Where do you want to start first?" he asked her.
"Oh man this is really happening. I just got all flushed. Feel my hands, they are all sweaty," she said to me, looking into my eyes. I reached out and took her hands in mine. She was right, her palms were sweaty. After just a moment she gave me a sexy, little smile of excitement, then reached up and slipped the straps off her shoulders. She pulled her arms up through the straps and pulled her top down, exposing her amazing breasts to Mario, John, and I. She was so gorgeous.
I am sure Mario has done this hundreds of times and seen many breasts in his shop, but this was the first time he was seeing Jess' breasts and that was a huge turn on for me. I think Jess was a bit too nervous to enjoy any exhibitionist thrills in the moment. John was standing behind Jess like I was, so he could only see her breasts from behind, over her shoulder. I looked over at him and I gave a nudging motion with my head to tell him to move around in front where he could see better. I lead the way, moving around slightly off to one side behind Mario while John eagerly took the other. Now we could both see everything clearly. Jess was focused completely on Mario, obviously nervous, but clearly excited too.
"First thing I'm going to do is clean your nipples with some alcohol. This is going to be a little cold," Mario said. He poured some alcohol on a cotton ball and starting with her left breast swabbed the wet cotton around every bit of Jess's already rock-hard nipple. She flinched a bit from the cold, but I was also sure that she found it stimulating because of how incredibly sensitive her nipples were. When Mario was satisfied that her left nipple had been thoroughly cleansed, he moved to her right and did the same. As before, Jess flinched a little as he first contacted her very hard nipple. Soon, it too was ready.
Next, Mario opened the small sterile-packaged needle and set it aside. He carefully sterilized each nipple stud with alcohol and set them on a stainless-steel tray. He then looked up at Jess and saw a fearful look on her face. Mario gently asked her, "Are you sure you want to do this?"
Jess reached up and held her breasts in each hand and said, "I'm just so nervous about my nipples is all. Can we wait and do them last? I'm just not sure about them. Maybe just do one, I don't know... I know I want to get my hood done for sure, but I'm just nervous about my nipples."
Mario replied, "Sure, no problem. We can do it however you want. We don't have to do anything if you don't want either. You're in charge here."
"I want to do it. I'm just nervous about my nipples is all. Let's do my hood first then I'll decide on my nipples."
"Sure, we can do that. Let me adjust the table, stand up for a second." Jess stood up to the side closest to me, not bothering to pull her dress back up, leaving her breasts out for us to enjoy. John just ogled her shamelessly while Mario adjusted the table. He moved the back of the table down to about a 45-degree angle and pulled out an extension from the front, lengthening the portion where Jess had been sitting. I assumed it was to put her feet on.
Quietly, Jess said to me, "Sorry, I just got so nervous. I don't know about my nipples. Maybe I could do just my right one for now and see how that goes."
I stepped closer, touched her shoulder and looked into her eyes as I said, "Don't apologize, baby. I totally get it; you do what you want and nothing more."
"Ok,", Mario said to Jess, "You can get back on the table now. Take off your underwear and pull up your dress, or I can get you a paper gown if you prefer," Mario said.
Jess stood up on the step at the front of the table and pulled up her dress up around her waist, exposing her pussy at eye level to Mario seated in front of her. "No panties to take off," Jess said flippantly. Then she sat down on the table and scooted herself back. She had not bothered to pull her dress up to cover her breasts, so she was sitting there essentially nude wearing only the dress bunched around her waist. Mario did not miss a beat and remained professional, but John had a pleased look on his face as Jess's beautiful bald pussy came into view.
"Go ahead and lean back," Mario instructed. "That's it," as Jess laid back against the backrest. Now put your feet up here with the bottom of your feet touching each other." Jess complied. "Yep, perfect," Mario went on. "Now pull your feet up towards your butt like a butterfly stretch. Yep, there you go. Now just relax, and just let your legs fall the rest of the way open."
Jess was laying back, propped up at a 45-degree angle. This was like laying back in bed but on 3 pillows. This allowed her to look down and see what was happening, but also stretched out her torso enough to not interfere with what Mario was doing. Her feet were together, with the soles of her feet touching and pulled almost all the way up to her bottom. Jess is quite flexible, so when she let her lex relax they opened almost completely down to the table on either side. What a sight! Jess's pussy was on full display for two men who were almost strangers to her, one of whom I had known for more than 20 years.
I could see why Mario put her in this position. It gave him full access to her pussy, allowing him to roll his chair up close so he could easily reach where he needed to work. Jess has a beautiful pussy. As I described earlier, she has a tulip shaped pussy with small inner lips. Being a natural blond, the little pubic hair she has naturally is very fine. And she shaves completely smooth every day. Because she is so fair her pussy shaves baby smooth, as if there was no hair there to shave at all. The seating position Jess was in resulted in her pussy being spread completely open, creating separation between her inner and outer lips. Her inner lips were parted too, so that we could see the opening of her vagina, which was very obviously wet. My girlfriend's beautiful pussy was on complete display for these two men. I don't think that I have ever seen her pussy as open and vulnerable as it appeared at that moment.
"Ok," Mario said to Jess. "Here is your hood. Can you see it from that angle?" He used his pinky finger to point out her hood, and he touched it ever so slightly, moving it from side to side. As I said before, her hood barely covers her clit, and from where I was standing, I could see her clit poking out slightly from underneath her hood. Her clit is not large. It's actually normal sized, or maybe a bit on the small size, but the way her hood is shaped when she's the least bit excited it pokes out nicely, as if begging for attention.
"Yes, I can see. Where will you pierce it?" Jess asked.
Mario used his thumb to pull her hood up and to inspect it. This caused Jess to flinch as his thumb brushed her clit. I could clearly see her clit exposed now, and Mario's thumb rested on top of it for a brief moment. When he moved his thumb Jess let out a slow breath. Mario took another few seconds, examining her hood to determine the proper placement of the piercing. "Your hood is fairly long," he told her, "So we have some flexibility on where we put it. Here let me show you."
Mario turned to the instrument table and grabbed a long medical grade Q-tip - the kind a doctor might use to swap your throat. He turned back to Jess and placed his left hand on her lower stomach, just above her wide-spread pussy. Using his thumb, he pulled up the top of her slit, gently pulling it towards her stomach. This caused her hood to pull back, fully exposing her clit. It also created a gap between her clit and her hood which allowed Mario took insert the small head of the Q-tip underneath her hood. He then let go with his thumb which allowed her hood to rest around the Q-tip.
"See, your hood actually extends from here to the end," he said indicating with his pinky again. We were all intently looking at Jess's pussy at this point, including Jess who was peering down between her legs. Her breasts were still exposed, and her nipples were even harder than they usually are. I think all of us had completely forgotten about her exposed breasts at this point, with full focus on her fully exposed and spread pussy.
Mario continued, "We could pierce it up here near the top and the compression ball will hang down against your hood about midway. We could put it in the middle and it will hang to just about at the end of the hood. Or we could put it lower, and it would hang down past your hood and might lay or rub against your clit. There is a slight risk to putting it lower, with an increased possibility of tearing, as the skin there is thinner. But either position will work fine if you're not too rough with it," Mario advised.
"I was thinking lower so it would hang against my clit, but now you have me worried. What do you think, babe?" Jess asked me.
"What if you positioned it so it just hung to the end of her hood?" I asked Mario. "Not really hanging down, but right to the end so she could still have it resting by her clit, but pierced higher up so it's more protected?" Again, we're all studying Jess's exposed spread pussy while we discussed this.
"We could use a slightly larger hoop. Then it would hang down where you want but still be secured higher. Is that something you'd want to consider?" Mario asked.
"Yeah, that could work. I do want it to hang around my clit, so maybe that is the best way to do it." Jess said.
Mario removed the Q-Tip from Jess's hood, and he left the room. That left Jess spread eagle in front of us while we waited. She reached down and touched her pussy lips, lightly dragging a finger across her hood feeling what he was describing. She then pulled up on the skin above her pussy and moved her hood around imagining how it could be positioned. The eroticism of her touching her pussy while we watched was more than I could take. I had to adjust myself, as my hardon needed more room in my pants. John was just staring at her pussy, almost drooling, as he watched I could clearly make out his hard cock pointing to the left in his shorts, and it looked formidable.
Mario returned with 2 different sized rings; each a bit larger than the first. He placed the medium ring over her hood, showing Jess (and us) where the piercing would be for the ring to hang with the ball against her clit. Then he did the same with the larger one. After some careful consideration Jess decided on the medium ring.
Mario turned to his table and picked up another cotton pad. He dabbed it in some alcohol and started wiping down the area at the top of Jess's slit, then down each side of her hood. He used his left thumb to pull her lips to the left as he wiped down the outside of her hood and then halfway down the outside of her labia minora, inside of her labia majora. So essentially, he wiped down the whole right side of her pussy lips, stopping before he got to the entrance to her vagina. Then, using a new cotton pad, he did the same on the left side of her pussy, pulling her lips to the right so he could swab the damp cotton down the left side of her hot little pussy.
He put some alcohol on a new Q-tip and used his left thumb to pull back the top of Jess's slit and hood, exposing her clit again. "This is going to feel cold," he told Jess. He slid the Q-tip under her hood again to clean inside it. She jumped a little as the cold touched her clit under her hood. Without letting go of her upper slit with his left thumb, he kept her hood pulled back and her clit exposed Then he took one of the cotton pads and used it to gently wipe down across her clit. Jess jumped. "Wow," she exclaimed. I'm not sure if that was really needed, or if it was simply gratuitous on Mario's part, but either way it sure was fun to watch. I wanted to pull my dick out and jack off while watching him clean her pussy. In some ways it was more erotic than almost anything I've ever done. Here I was, willingly letting this guy play with Jess's pussy while another man and I watched. It was so incredibly hot!
Discarding the cotton pad, Mario selected a clamp his instrument table that looked like forceps but with horseshoe shaped openings on the business end. He used his finger and thumb to position Jess's hood within the forceps. "You're going to feel a little pinch," he said as he clamped them onto Jess's hood. Jess winced a little but didn't make a sound or look away. The opening of the forceps was now locked in place, centered where the piercing was to be. Mario carefully removed the sterilized needle from the package. He looked at Jess and solemnly instructed her, "Ok, lean back now and look away. You need to remain very still. Do not flinch, or jump. If you do, I could miss my spot and hurt you, or hurt myself. So please remain very still."
"Come here and hold my hand," Jess said to me. I stepped next to her and took her hand in both of mine. She grabbed on tightly and closed her eyes tight.
Mario moved into position holding the forceps with his left hand and the needle with his right. "Ok, I am going to have you take a deep breath and when I tell you, let it out slowly. As you let it out you are going to feel a quick pinch. It will be very quick. The forceps have been attached now for over a minute, so your hood is going to be a little numb and it won't hurt as much.
"Relax your legs," he told her. "Yep, just like that. Ok, now take your deep breath." As Jess was in the middle of the deep breath, Mario put the needle through her hood. Jess jumped and let out a little scream, her eyes open wide with shock and pain.
"Mother fucker! Oh, shit that hurt. Fuck, you are a lying bastard! Fuck, it still hurts! It's throbbing!" As Jess was talking, she wasn't looking, but Mario had the hoop in his left hand and put it on the end of the needle. Then he backed the hoop through the hole as he removed the needle.
"Well, it seems to work better that way, and I've been called worse. Have a look," Mario told her.
"Oh, you already put the ring in. I didn't even feel that part," she said. As she was talking Mario removed the forceps and grabbed a pair of what appeared to be skinny needle nosed pliers. He took the ball that goes at the bottom of the hoop and placed it into the pliers. Then he placed the needle nose pliers in the center of the hoop and spread it slightly as he placed the ball in between the two ends of the hoop. When he released the need nose pliers the tension of the spread ring held the ball in place. The hoop was perfectly placed, and the ball was hanging at the end of her hood exactly where she wanted it, basically touching her clit when her hood is pulled back.
Mario used a new cotton pad to wipe off a little blood that was on the side of her hood and then gently wiped down each side of her slit. He then took a little tube of Neosporin, opened it, and applied some on her hood, with more around the ring, and more along each side of the top of her slit.
"All done down here. Do you still want to do your nipples?" Mario asked her.
"I totally forgot," she said, then she grabbed her bare breasts again with both hands, looked at me and said, "No, I changed my mind. Sorry," she told Mario.
"No need to be sorry," Mario said.
"Well, babe, what do you think? Do you like it?" I asked her. She was still sitting there with her breasts uncovered and her legs spread wide in front of me and two other men. I guess at this point did it really matter?
"I think it looks really cool," she replied. "I want to stand up and look at it." Jess slid forward to get off the table. She put her arms through the straps and then pulled her dress up over her beautiful breasts. As she stood, her dress fell naturally over her hips and down into place just above her knees. She stepped in front of the full-length mirror on one wall of the room, then pulled her dress up exposing her pussy so she could see the ring and how it looked while she was standing. John, Mario, and I simply stared at her beautiful pussy with its new piece of jewelry.
The ring was the perfect size, not real large but easily visible. With the shape of her pussy the ring was visible on its own, and it looked like it hung down and sat against her clit perfectly. You couldn't see her clit with her hood in its relaxed position, but I know how her pussy is shaped and the ring appeared to be aligned perfectly. Jess pulled up on the skin above her slit, which caused her lips to pull up, and that made the ring pivot and stand outwards like a magnet was trying to pull it away from her body. It was so sexy to see her do that to her pussy and the ring made it so fucking hot. I wanted to get down on my knees and lick her pussy right then and there.
"Ouch, it's still really sore right now. It's throbbing with every beat of my heart, it feels like. I love it though. It's exactly how I imagined. Thank you, Mario!" she said as she dropped her dress down and turned to hug him. Mario happily accepted her hug, then Jess turned and hugged John too. Not sure why, but I guess that since he was there for moral support, he had earned a hug too.
"How much do I owe you, Mario?" I asked.
"No charge my friend. I am just happy she likes it."
"Well at least come back to the restaurant so we can go hang out on the boat and have a drink."
"No, I'm going to stay here," he replied. "We're shorthanded and it's pretty backed up. I'm going to help out for a few hours until we get caught up."
"Well, we owe you. Let's figure out a way to meet up soon. At a minimum we owe you drinks, but we'd love to have you out on the boat one day, and maybe go to dinner," I told him, shaking his hand. Then I turned to John, "Lets head back to the restaurant and have a drink or two on the boat, if you have time."
"Sure, sounds great," John said.
Mario handed Jess a glossy folded paper and told her, "It is very important that you keep the piercing clean. This pamphlet has all the instructions for the proper care and cleaning of your piercing. No hot tubs or anything like that for 5 days. You should abstain from sex, but if you do have sex, nothing rough or anything that puts pressure on the piercing. Make sure you clean it well afterwards too for the next few weeks. Any sign of infection and you should see your doctor right away. It is all in the pamphlet," Mario told her.
"Can I go in the ocean? We were going to go anchor for a while and probably swim," she asked.
"Yeah, you can do that. The saltwater is actually good for it. Just be careful with your bottoms and panties for a few days when putting them on and taking them off. It is going to be tender for a few days, and you don't want to aggravate it by accidentally snagging it on anything," he said.
"That won't be a problem, I usually swim nude when we anchor, and I rarely wear panties," she said with devious smile.
John took us back to the boat and we all hung out and had some drinks. I forgot how much fun John is to hang out with, and we all had a really good time. I also noticed that Jess was quite flirty with John, not just in her teasing ways, but also verbally. We all had fun and ordered some food delivered out to the boat, enjoying a late lunch of assorted appetizers. John had a date later that evening and needed to go. We dropped him off at the restaurant dock, saying our goodbyes and sending him on his way.
Now Jess had a brand-new toy, and after a few days of healing she was just like everyone else with a brand-new toy; She wanted to show it off. And that is where the story continues...