For those that commented so nicely on my previous Prequel about Chrissy Thank You.
This is the beginning of the story I wrote first. It is quite a long tale and will be slow to edit and tidy but be patient it will come. I hope you will enjoy the story; some chapters are better than others but I hope you will like them all to a degree.
As with my other story's this is set in a fictional world where there are no nasty diseases and no unwanted pregnancy. All Characters are completely fictional and over the age of consent.
I am a total amateur at this and write purely for my own pleasure, I know that my Grammar is not great and there will be mistakes, if that's a problem for you read no further I could use someone to edit these tales but why waste someone else's time.
I welcome comments as long as they are constructive, if you want to leave abusive messages about something offered to you for no charge then also feel free I won't hold it against you, after all the world would be dull without morons to brighten the day.
If my story is so dull to you that you would rather count misplaced comers and wayward punctuation, then why did you bother reading the whole thing just click the little cross and find something better written.
*****
We got back to my flat around 4pm Friday afternoon, Chrissy showered as she was covered in dirt from lying under the car. I was sat out on the Balcony when she had finished she joined me wrapped in a towel.
Chrissy's phone vibrated after reading her message she said that her friends were on the town tonight if we wanted to join them? With nothing planned I said why not and she set up the evening in a string of texts with various friends.
She asked if it was OK for them to meet here as they normally have a few drinks before going out to keep costs down. I said OK and she gave out my address, people would be here soon after 7. After a few drinks we would hit the harbour pubs then sometimes they finished the evening at one of the groups home with music and more drinking. She laughed and said the big night had come early now I would see her at her worst, thinking about the trips to the beach and today's shopping trip I wondered what she could possibly do that would be worse.
Feeling hungry I ordered a pizza for us both and sat on the Balcony with a cold beer, when the buzzer went for the front door, I let in the pizza delivery man and told him which floor. As I paid, Chrissy walked out of the bedroom towards the lounge completely naked, without batting an eye lid she took the pizza and continued walking, tipping the delivery guy seemed unnecessary he just had a great tip, but I did out of habit and joined a naked Chrissy with our Pizza.
After we had eaten, I showered and changed then looked at the parcels that we had bought up from the car, we had today's purchases and my online parcels which were still unopened.
Sat on the bed I unwrapped the first package, there was red and black body paint with application kit, there was also a white stretchy boob tube and matching skirt various see through tops and a few skirts.
I left the boob tube with matching skirt on the bed, I put the rest away and went looking for Chrissy.
As I approached the Balcony I could hear her talking to my neighbour. John was a nice bloke we said Hi occasionally as our Balconies were only separated by a low railing, but we had only shared pleasantries we didn't really know each other except for being neighbours. I peeped through a gap in the curtains and could see John chatting away leaning on the railings as he always did when we chatted. Changing my angle, I noticed that Chrissy was still sat down her feet up on the balcony railings at 90 degrees to John, there was a lot of leg showing but nothing too obvious she had at some point wrapped a towel around herself.
As I watched she reached out to get her drink from the table, as she did the twist holding her towel slipped undone and the towel slipped slowly down exposing one boob completely and the other appeared to be caught up on her nipple the overall effect was that except for the one corner covering part of her tit and one nipple her towel slip had left her naked. Chrissy didn't appear to have noticed her accidental exposure, John however couldn't help but notice the splendid body in plain view, not wanting to disturb anything I quietly waited to see what would happen next, it was nearly 6pm but we had some time before anyone would arrive. And I was curious to see how my neighbour would react, with Chrissy's almost constant state of nakedness it would be good to know that my neighbour wasn't going to complain or be difficult.
John covered his initial shock well and carried on chatting about the weather and how this was the best summer he could remember; he was older than me but obviously enjoyed the sight of a good looking woman. Chrissy apparently couldn't feel the towel as it slowly slipped of her nipple reaching the point of no return it slid off the side leaving her once again completely naked, John couldn't believe his luck.
Still she pretended not to notice her nudity and he leant over the railing even more, they chatted for a while before Johns phone rang, he said he would be right back before disappearing indoors to find his phone.
I quietly called out that she only had half an hour before she would need to get dressed, but to save her time I had laid her outfit for the evening out on the bed, I told her that she could add shoes and accessories but nothing else. Ok she called, just playing with your neighbour for a while then I will come inside. I stayed and watched as she stood and re tied her towel. John re-emerged looking rushed and disappointed to see the towel was now back in place. Chrissy sat down on a different chair now facing him and right next to the dividing railings, John again adopted his normal position leaning on the same railings. Chrissy twisted round and collected her drink, turning back towards John she lifted one foot to the railings placing it next to Johns arm, the towel slipped exposing her leg to the top, her pussy and boobs were still covered all was going well she thought to herself.
John was now talking about his car trouble, as Chrissy listened she lent down and put her drink on the floor to her side, whilst bent double to do this one leg still raised on the rails, she gave the twist holding her towel a little covert tug leaving the towel now very loose, she straightened up and leant back in the chair.
I heard Chrissy ask if he would mind her stretching her legs out, not waiting for a response she put her other leg up on the railings, as she stretched the towel slid off to both sides, again she hadn't noticed the towel slip. She was now sitting back in her chair feet apart on the railings one either side of where John was leaning. John was maybe for the first time in a while getting a close up view of a very pretty pussy.
Neither John or Chrissy acknowledged the display they both carried on chatting as they had previously, eventually Chrissy said she had to get ready to go out and stood up, she left her towel where it lay on the chair. Still saying nothing about her nudity, she went off to get ready waving to John as she left. John sat down as Chrissy's bare backside disappeared inside with a sigh probably wondering what had just happened.
As I waited for Chrissy I wandered out onto the balcony, John looked up and was clearly disappointed to see me, I didn't take it personally as I knew what he was thinking. We chatted for a while eventually he again relaxed and adopted his normal position at the railing. I was expecting him to say something about Chrissy but he didn't mention her.
After about 15 minutes, Chrissy came out again, hair and makeup done, high heels on. To be honest I couldn't make my mind up if she looked like a stripper or a whore, the outfit I had chosen was a boob tube bought on eBay it was sized for the oriental girls and barely fitted, it was a strip of thin white material no more than 4 inches wide that was struggling to contain the firm tits they contained, but by being stretched the material had become almost sheer, you could easily see the hard lumps of her nipples and the darker colour of her nipples through the material. The skirt was another thing made of the same stretchy material it was a similar width to the top also stretched beyond the size it was designed for it was barely covering anything, she gave us a twirl and asked how she looked. John stammered and said great I laughed and said that may be a bit much for your friends, I hadn't realised it was so small, she laughed and said it was fine she loved it and that was that, the buzzer went and Chrissy let in the first of her friends.
She gave a beer to her two friends, both guys around her age, one a school friend the other a friend from the pub, we chatted for a few minutes before the buzzer again went, this time two females and one guy having shared a taxi they had arrived together, both wore short skirts and strappy tops, next to Chrissy they looked over dressed, they were Lucy a tall blond, and Louise a shorter blond with what appeared to be massive tits.
I fixed some more drinks and we moved back into the lounge the balcony beginning to get too crowded, the girls sat together on the sofa chatting, the guys stood by the balcony door chatting the buzzer went again, 2 guys and another girl arrived, she was a little strange, she appeared to be very thin but was wrapped in a big baggy jumper. I pointed them towards the lounge and went to get their drinks, returning to them I passed the drinks round told everyone to help themselves if they needed a refill, and took a look around my lounge, the 4 girls now squeezed together on my sofa, Chrissy had a huge amount of skin on show. The top was slowly moving and I could see her nipples were getting closer to the edge of the boob tube not yet escaping though, the skirt had given up, it was covering nothing as it had rolled up and was around her waist, every now and again as I watched she tugged it back down and it immediately rolled back up.
Lucy had some long legs on display the triangle of white panties clearly visible, Louise sat sideways was showing all of one leg including most of one butt cheek, the guys were checking out the girls but no one said anything so I assumed this was pretty much the norm Chrissy had told me these gatherings were often extremely rude.
We all drank until around 9:30 before leaving for the first pub, Chrissy's skirt was now back in place as we walked towards the harbour where we had met again only a few days earlier. She was walking with arms linked between Lou and Lucy, as she walked her badly behaved skirt rolled itself up again with most of us guys following the girls we all watched a naked bum walking up the footpath. With her arms linked she left the skirt where it was if she had even noticed, I decided not to interfere and just enjoy the evening and look on from the outside. After all Chrissy had already told me that tonight she was going to be showing me her worst, so all I could do was sit back and wait to see what happened.
Friday night and the pubs were crowded, at the first pub we headed towards the bar. Within the crowd I noticed that Lucy was tugging at Chrissy's top she was clearly helping Chrissy with her need for exposure, with one swift tug her top come down to her waist freeing her tits in the middle of the crowd. Quite a few people where close enough to touch and feel the now exposed boobs and many did just that, she had more hands on her than I could count mostly on her pert tits, some reaching lower where I couldn't see.
As we neared the bar Chrissy straightened her top until it mostly covered her nipples, it had got twisted and wouldn't cover all of her tits any more, at the back it was fine but at the front it was no more than 2 inches wide it did cover her nipples but little else, someone ordered drinks and they were quickly passed around. I had a bottled beer passed to me which in the crowded bar felt nice and cold.
We were gradually forced away from the crowded bar back towards the centre of the totally packed pub, as we got near the centre of the room I was now directly behind Chrissy, her top again around her waist was soon joined by her skirt now rolled up and around her waist. The crowd pushed in and only those close could see that she was nearly naked, I reached for her pussy to find other hands already busy there, downing my beer, I pushed the cold bottle towards her hole from behind, wet with condensation the neck of the bottle slipped in I couldn't move much due to the crowd but was managing to make short thrusts with the bottle feeling Chrissy pushing back I pushed harder.
I felt the bottle slip further in, now passed the neck she had the width of the bottle inside her surrounded by hundreds of people. I started to gently fuck her with the bottle she leant back against me, I again reached round to play with her clit, again a hand was there, and another also holding a bottle was gently fucking her pussy, shocked I realised I was fucking her arse with my wide bottle and she appeared to be loving it.
The whole group of us was being mashed together I couldn't tell who was doing what I could feel Chrissy trembling as she had her first orgasm. I was still fucking her with the bottle she was taking most of the bottle now I had barely enough to grip on to. I felt my fly open and my cock was released, a hand gripped me and I was enjoying being slowly wanked in a crowd. Chrissy turned to face me and putting both of her hands behind my neck pulled me in for a kiss, the slow wanking of my cock continued, obviously not Chrissy.
I was nearing my own orgasm, something about being in public and totally unaware of who was wanking me had something to do with it. While kissing Chrissy I let out a groan and my spunk splashed her bare belly, somewhere along the line I had lost my grip on my bottle which had now rolled away someone shouted out that they were going to the next pub as they had a band.
We headed towards the door, Chrissy again being touched up by everyone that got close enough. She emerged from the door looking ruined, her top and skirt were round her waist her legs were coated in her own come, and her belly was covered in mine, there was another suspicious looking wet area on her bum as well I think she had more than my spunk on her.
Laughing Louise passed out some wipes she was clearly prepare for this. Chrissy cleaned herself up, Lucy helped to straighten her clothes and we headed for the next bar.
As we approached the Pub we could hear the rock beat getting louder. The Pub was large but the summer sun had bought out the crowds which were spilling out onto the footpath, if anything the pub was more crowded than the last one. We pressed on heading for the bar, the band was good and it was loud, once in the pub I tried to stay close to Chrissy. With the crowd dancing and the place being this packed her outfit didn't stand a chance it was soon back around her waist and she was again as good as naked. She was dancing with two of her male friends who were at least offering her some support as again people grabbed and groped her naked flesh. As we danced we gradually got closer to the front and the band but Chrissy between her friends hadn't noticed until she was suddenly on the outside of the crowd and in view of a huge amount of people now that she wasn't hidden within the crowd.
There were cheers and jeers at the sight of a naked girl but the band played on. Before I could react Chrissy was lifted into the air like at a rock concert, she was being held up by many hands and she was being slowly passed around the large room, now on show to all. As she passed my way I gripped her skirt and top, still just a narrow band at her waist and as she was carried away, I kept hold and as they cleared her feet tucked them into my pocket.
Now naked but for her shoes and being passed around above people's heads her legs pulled apart and her pussy openly displayed I lost count of the fingers I saw slip inside her, she was at one point held spread eagled as a female hand fucked her vigorously with a nearly full bottle of beer, as she was being fucked the beer was spraying out of her covering people nearby. She was moved on again the bottle now removed and her pussy was a gaping hole after the hard ramming, again she was held still, another bottle this time in a male hand was pressed to her cunt, the man held the neck of the bottle and pushed the wide end in first. Whoever he was he fucked her for a few seconds before she was carried away again leaving the bottle inside her. Another anonymous hand reached up and pushed the bottle fully in, all that now showed was the green glass neck sticking out of her cunt, she was soaked in beer and her own cum as she was passed around eventually being put down back where she started with a huge cheer.
When I reached her a few seconds later she was being held up by Lucy and a male friend I wondered what was wrong as she just stood the trembling, I looked down to see the bottle still in place gripping the bottle neck I slowly eased it out she squirted onto the floor as she came again.
Still trembling we headed for the door as previously she was being groped but was unaware of this as he was still on a high from her massive orgasm. We left the pub with a now completely naked female, her friends gathered around her as she slowly came down from her high.
The skinny girl with the baggy jumper wrapped her jumper around Chrissy revealing a surprisingly lithe body she had next to no tits but she looked fit like an athlete, someone suggested another pub, but after a debate it was decided that we would go back to Angie's house as the pubs were to packed. We passed an off licence and bought more alcohol before heading off to Angle's House.
Apparently Angie was the skinny girl, I may have been told earlier but until she took off her jumper I had taken no notice of her now she was revealing a cropped top and leggings she looked altogether different, chatting to one of the guys as we walked I found out she was a keen distance runner and was extremely fit.
We eventually arrived and the alcohol was dropped onto a kitchen work top, while we all piled into a small court yard garden, the patio heater was turned on, and the music turned up.
It was a mild night and with the patio heater turned up it wasn't long before a fairly drunk Chrissy decided the jumper was to warm and passed it back to Angie. I heard someone says that it works every time confused I asked him what he meant? He looked worried that I might take offence but I pointed out I was clearly happy with the situation as I had done nothing to stop it.
Relaxing he told me that for the last year or so they had been all going out regularly for Friday nights, there were a few of the normal crowd missing 4 guys and another girl Denise would be here soon. Because it happens every time where ever they go to party the heating is turned up, Chrissy when drunk strips off every time she often hasn't even remembered the things she gets up to during the parties.
Five more people entered the court yard, the table and chairs were pushed to the wall as the Girls wanted to dance, not as crowded as the pub we could all see Chrissy now dancing drunkenly, one by one the other girls and a couple of the guys joined in.
Chrissy came over and pulled me to my feet to dance with her, she had her head on my shoulder and whispered don't worry I'm not drunk I never am at these parties but it's fun pretending to be as I get away with more, just relax and I will show you how bad I can be.
We all moved into the small lounge as the night cooled, I am sure that they knew Chrissy getting cold would mean she put something on. Some of the friends had paired up or maybe they were couples I didn't Know. Chrissy had a male friend on either side she was busily kissing one of them the other was fingering her Pussy and sucking a nipple. Angie sat next to me said don't you mind? No way I laughed its sexy as hell who could mind that, Lucy was now sucking a fat brown cock Simon I think and Louise had her top off her enormous tits being sucked on by two guys,
Angie walked over to Chrissy, looked at me and smiled before kneeling between Chrissy's legs, this was obviously one of those things that had happened before Chrissy's two male friends lifted her legs and held them apart as Angie's head dipped down and she slowly parted Chrissy's pussy lips with her fingers. She held her lips apart and sucked Chrissy's clit into her mouth Angie's hands like the rest of her were tiny, her fist slipped into Chrissy's hole easily maybe because of the stretching it had received earlier, she pumped her fist and lapped at her clit, shuddering Chrissy came, a slow clap and a chant of more, more, more from those watching.
I am positive Chrissy smiled for a split second, Angie stood and stripped naked, her muscular body had no fat she was pure muscle, she again knelt in front of Chrissy, her fist again slipping easily into Chrissy's dripping snatch, one of the guys near to Chrissy stood up and pushed his cock into Chrissy's mouth she sucked him greedily turning her head towards him he held her head a began to fuck her mouth, Chrissy was writhing as Angie fisted her taking her in past her wrist, the two guys either side still gripping her legs released their cocks placing Chrissy's hand on their hard members she began to slowly wank them in unison. I moved closer fascinated by the action, Angie looked up and smiled she told me to kneel next to her so that I could see better, she whispered Chrissy never remembers this but we have done it a few times in the past I smiled to myself knowing full well that Chrissy knew exactly what she was doing.
Chrissy was pushed to another orgasm, as she came Angie started to add fingers from her left hand to the fist that was pumping into Chrissy's pussy. Gradually stretching her more and more, the muscles on Angie's arms rippled as she pumped her fist and now 4 additional fingers into Chrissy's dripping hole, she turned in her thumb and slowly slipped the second fist into Chrissy's now hugely stretched hole. Angie was really going for it now alternating from plunging in alternate fists to pumping them both in together, she smiled at me and asked me to fuck her from behind, slipping behind her I did as I was asked.
Angie was extremely tight and I nearly came as I pushed into her tight cunt, I controlled myself and started to fuck her slowly, building up speed as I regained some more control, looking around the room Chrissy was squealing and her cunt was running with wetness. I was steadily fucking Angie's tight cunt while Lucy was sucking the Brown cock. Louise sucked another cock Chrissy was still wanking two guys and another guy was still fucking her mouth, there was some movement as people swapped partners. Disengaging myself from Angie I sat on the sofa next to Chrissy who was released by the guys, Angie's fists came out with a plopping noise, a huge stream of pussy juice ran out of her stretched hole and onto the laminate floor.
Chrissy moved over and sat down on my lap as she did her hand guided my cock into her arsehole she had her feet up on the sofa as if squatting as she slowly sank down taking me all the way up her arse.
Angie resumed her position and again slipped her fist into Chrissy's now not so tight fuck hole, the guy who had been fucking Chrissy's mouth knelt behind Angie slid his cock in and came in a few strokes. He was replaced by someone else who must have known how she felt as he entered very slowly and carefully, I could feel Angie's fist as she fist fucked Chrissy again, a strange sensation but pleasurable. Chrissy was soon bouncing on my cock buried deep in her arse, the guy with the fat brown cock came over and standing on the sofa pushed his cock into Chrissy's mouth slowly at first he fucked her mouth from my angle I had a great view, soon he was sliding deeper and deeper until I watched his balls bouncing on Chrissy's chin, as he slid in and out I could see her throat stretching as she deep throated him.
I have never seen someone take the amount of sexual punishment that Chrissy had tonight, but judging from the amount she was coming she was enjoying every minute Brown cock was now banging her face like he was fucking her pussy his balls bounced as he rammed his cock in and out of her throat. He pulled out and sprayed a huge wad of cum in her face, it ran down and onto her tits and belly, no sooner had he moved aside when another took his place this time no waiting he pumped his cock to the full depth on the first stroke. I could feel Chrissy clenching her arse as she came again, I felt Angie pull out her fist and as the next guy again pulled out to come in her face she was lifted off me and bent over the sofa, you will love this Angie said, another guy began fucking Chrissy's face as she was bent over the Sofa, Lucy approached and gave Angie a long kiss. Lucy then slid her much larger fist into Chrissy's sopping cunt from behind, Angie collected a load of sticky cum from Chrissy's face and tits then using the cum as lube she pushed her small fist into Chrissy's arsehole. I stood and watched, as I watched Louise came and dropped to her knees taking me into her mouth she started to suck my cock while I watched my partner getting totally abused.
The next guy spunked all over her face and was quickly replaced by another, but my eyes where rooted to the other actions, Lucy was now ramming her fist into Chrissy's cunt and Angie was now trying to get her second fist into Chrissy's arse hole I would never have believed it was possible for a woman to take so much but there she was a queue of guys patiently waiting their turn to fuck her face.
I am sure some came for seconds, the two girls were pounding their fists into her arse and cunt like machines, Chrissy appeared to be coming continuously I could see the fluid leaking from her like a stream as it joined the growing pool on the floor between her legs, with the last guy now fucking her face I removed myself from Louise and joined the short queue, as he finished again squirting on her face I stepped forward, she was covered in cum it dripped from her nose and chin, her hair was matted with cum and her face didn't have any area that was clean, I gripped her head and forced my cock into her mouth. I am not as thick as the fat brown cock of Simon but I am longer and still fairly thick, I slowly fed her with the biggest cock of the night mine, she opened her eyes and saw it was me then closed them again as I eased further down her throat until like the others my balls rested on her chin, I could feel myself in her throat but withdrew and started to slowly fuck her face, looking down I saw Angie had finally got to the point she could get the second fist in and with a push he did so, I felt Chrissy's silent scream as she came with my cock deep in her throat there was a cheer from the guys as she squirted and squirted while she came I pulled out and added my load to her already cum smothered face.
That was it we were all spent, Chrissy collapsed onto the sofa twitching and trembling still coming, the floor was awash with her come. Once she could stand I called for a taxi, wrapped Angie's jumper round her and took her out into the cool air. The taxi driver looked at the state of Chrissy in his mirror but said nothing as he drove us home, taking a card I tipped him and led Chrissy into my flat. I helped her shower, then put her to bed she hadn't said a word.