The destination wedding
Part 1
This is my first story.
English is not my native tongue, so please be gentle with me, but also, leave a comment and rating. The story and characters are fictional.
Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
-
Me and my best friend Samuel, have been best friends for the better part of fifteen years.
We first met in high school. We both were athletes, me a wrestler, and he was a basketball player
I'm six foot, and he's a little taller, maybe six-one. Both of us are strong, with shoulders that are impossible to find an off-the-rack sports coat to fit, and with bronze-colored hair that grows lighter in the summer. I weigh around 250 and I would say Samuel's a bit less, around 235.
We both look very much alike, so much so that people think we are brothers, more so than our real siblings.
In high school, he'd had an on-again-off-again relationship with this girl, Sarah. Whom he had met while at a basketball camp in his youth. Me, on the other hand, had little luck with girls.
I was shy, and a bit of a know-it-all- not really a great combo to get girls...
But as I got older, I gained confidence and with help from my friend and Sarah, I learned how to get and maintain healthy relationships. So, as we were getting older, Samuel got engaged to his longtime girlfriend;
I had a girlfriend, Marie, whom I'd been with for over two years. We'd double date, and we liked to spend a lot of time together.
Sarah, my friend's girl, was a blonde bombshell-- tall, in fact, she was as tall as my friend, ever so slightly taller than me. She was fit, with an athletic body; her boobs fit her ever so well, somewhere around a C to a D-cup, and legs that could match any Hollywood star. But, perhaps, the most striking feature on Sarah were her eyes-- ice blue, like that of a wolf or a mythical animal.
My girl, Maria, on the other hand, was more average looking with green eyes, warm and inviting. Maria didn't work out, but liked to bike a lot, which gave her a more 'natural' look than Sarah. She was also shorter than all of us at five-foot-five, with a big and soft butt, that i I liked to smack and grope as often as i I could when we were alone together, or when no one else was watching. Maria would give the warmest smile possible, and say quietly, " Stop that," while giving me a wink that said anything but stop.
Both couples were childless as we grew closer to our thirtieth birthday, but that was about to change.
And in an unexpected way.
So one day, I checked my mail and found that I received an invitation to my friend's wedding, and that it was to be held in Norway in the middle of July. Of course, I called Samuel, and he asked me to be his best man. I was honored and was happy that they were tying the knot.
The week before the wedding. I got all of his friends together, and we had an amazing bachelor party with steaks, golf (he likes golf) and four strippers. They were pros, so they were amazing dancers and very sweet girls. We later heard that one of our mutual friends ended up dating one of them...
Haha, it ended as you'd expect when dating a stripper, no matter how professional.
So the wedding grew closer, and we set off to Norway, me and Marie heading out with Samuel and Sarah in advance to help make sure everything would go smoothly. We stayed in the hotel where the wedding was to take place, an old manor that had been refurbished and expanded to be a hotel and restaurant. Sarah apparently knew the owners through her family.
It was a small manor, with the restaurant on the ground floor, where it had a marvellous view of the majestic fjord. It had two suites on the second floor, where me and Maria were staying in one, and Samuel and Sarah in the other. Also on the second floor, there was an infinity-edge pool that overlooked the fjord above the restaurant. Next to the pool, there were three bubble sunbeds and a table with a set of six chairs. The manor had a bunch of small wooden cabins on the property, where the rest of the wedding guests were going to stay, but was still occupied with the regular guests of the hotel.
In the days [5] before the wedding, we were making calls and making sure that every 't' was crossed and every 'i' dotted, and it went surprisingly smoothly, so the two days before the wedding, we were mostly just taking hikes, swimming in the pool and dining in the local restaurants.
As the evening drew to a close, we were by the pool, enjoying the almost midnight sun of Scandinavia. Sarah and Marie, who had become close friends over the past year, were swimming in the pool when Samuel got a call that something at work had come up that he had to fix. He went to his suite to get on his laptop, while we remained by the pool.
I was reading a book as I saw the girls moving to the infinity edge to take in the view. I put down the book to take in the view, myself. Marie and Sarah were both in bikinis and looked stunning
Sarah in a matching forest green set, and Marie in a black and gold set.
Looking at them, I gave a sly remark that this was a view to remember. Marie gave me a roll of the eyes, followed by that wink I had grown to love. Sarah blew me a kiss and smiled. They turned back to the view of the fjord, quietly talking amongst themselves, giggling and, on occasion, shooting me a glance.
Marie got up out of the pool and got next to me on a sunbed, as I again put down my book to give Marie a kiss. We lay next to each other, and as Sarah had her back to us, i I gave Marie's ass a quick squeeze. She gave me a soft swat on my chest, and whispered to stop that.
Sarah swam to the edge of the pool and gracefully got out to be standing on the edge of the pool, glistening wet. I heard Maria gasp quietly. Sarah gave Marie a wink, and sat herself on a sunbed to towel off. I could hear Marie's breathing growing deeper, as we looked at Sarah drying herself. As she towelled herself off, she started to undress right in front of us, using the towel to cover herself, but as she switched to her t-shirt, she exposed her breasts to us.
Nothing more than a glance, but Marie and I, both knew what we saw. At that time, Samuel returned to the pool and gave his fiancée a deep kiss and groped Sarah's ass. Samuel and Sarah were more openly affectionate than me and Marie. Again, I heard Marie's breathing change, growing even deeper and becoming more quick. Sarah and Samuel whispered something to each other, and told us that they were going to bed. We embraced each other goodnight, with me and Marie following suit and we headed back to our rooms.
As we entered the shower together, I could tell that Marie was excited, her nipples were erect and as i I kissed her neck, i I heard her moan. She turned on the shower spray, and extended her ass towards me. I placed my hands on her hips, and drew her to me, quite hard, so as to make a smacking sound as her soft butt backed against my legs and waist. She felt my erect manhood on her, a thick six-and-a-half inches.
She giggled, as she reached back to guide me in, and I loved it when she did. I felt her pussy lips parting and the warmth embraced me. Slowly, she backed up until I was all the way in. She shivered and I felt her tightening on me. She had an intense orgasm right away that was a first for us. I held myself tightly to her, as I felt her knees sway, remaining fully in her, not letting her get away.
She orgasmed for what felt like an eternity, and as I started moving back and forth, I reached my hand around her hips to place it on her clit to keep her going. She let out a guttural moan, something feral. I felt my excitement grow; I had never seen her this hot, and I grew harder than I had ever been. It felt like my penis was going to blow, going in and out of her pussy, my hand on her clit, gently flickering or just putting pressure on it. She grew tighter, again and again, as she orgasmed, again and again. I felt myself getting close to cumming and thrust myself in all the way, and emptied myself inside her again. She grew tight, and this time, I had to hold her up as her knees gave way. P
Gasping, I let her down to the shower floor. I asked,
"What was that?"
She just gasped and tried to catch her breath. She turned to face me, lifting her hips as to lie on her side, looking up at me, still leaking cum from her pussy. P
"That was amazing, was what that was," she said at last, and pulled me down to the floor, giving me a deep kiss.
"Not that I'm saying anything different, but where did this come from?" I asked again.
She looked at me with her green eyes; I could see the wheels turning behind them. P She kissed me again, and asked,
"Do you like Sarah?"
"What?"
"Do you like Sarah?" she asked again, but this time, reaching down to play with me at the same time.
I didn't know what to say to that, but as she played with me I felt myself growing again.
Maria giggled and kissed me.
"So, answer me. Do you like Sarah? I think she is so hot."
It caught me off guard and it was hard to think, as I felt her hands stroking me.
"Uhh," I said, unable to get anything else out.
She pushed me down and mounted me, again guiding me into her then doubly wet pussy.
"That is not an answer," she said, as she sat down, with me fully inside her again.
"I'll keep going, but only if you answer honestly," she continued.
I felt both trapped and so incredible at the same time, what was I to say?'Yes, she is incredibly hot, or no, she's my best friend's future wife?'
Marie slapped me across the face, not hard, but to get me to focus on the question,
not the feeling of her, again, growing tight.
"ANSWER!" she roared, and she again climaxed on me. This time, though, she gripped me by my chest, and buried her nails in my muscles.
"YES!" I roared back. It just came out.
I came again, this time so hard that I felt myself becoming lightheaded, and my vision growing dark.
Marie laughed and remained on top of me.
"Honesty is rewarded," she said, and leaned down to kiss me deeply and passionately. We kissed for a long time, with me still inside her. P
Then, she raised herself up and lay back down next to me.
"Sarah and I have been talking a lot, as of late. You and Samuel have been in each other's life for more than seventeen years, and you are closer than blood brothers..."
Where was this going? I thought, as she continued.
"Sarah and Samuel have been trying for a child, but have had no luck, so they went to a fertility specialist and it turns out that Samuel is shooting blanks."
"Wow, but what has that got to do with your excitement?" I asked, feeling a bit sad at the thought that my friend could not have children.
"I thought you might help..." she said, and dropped off.
I tried to take it all in. Marie was this excited... for what exactly?
"And that's what got me thinking. I've planted the idea of you helping with Sarah, saying like, 'maybe there is another way beside adoption' and hinting at how you and Samuel look alike, telling her 'who would know that it was you who was the father?' as a joke."
She continued,
"Well it seems it has borne fruit, Sarah is so excited to have you help; that's what got us giggling earlier in the pool. That view to die for,the flashing? That was no accident."
I paused; my best friend, could I betray him like this? I felt sick to my stomach, and asked Marie,
"And Samuel? What about my best friend? What will he think when I betray his trust and impregnate his fiancée?"
Marie just smiled and leaned in for a kiss.
I pushed her back.
"I asked about my best friend, a person who I view as my brother, even though we have no blood relations."
Marie kept her smile, leaned in, and whispered,
"Sarah has been planting seeds in Samuel for the better part of eight months now. She started by getting his home computer hacked. She has been slowly turning him on to cuckold porn, talking about his inability to get her pregnant, and how she felt almost betrayed to not being able to raise his kids. That if only there were a way to have kids that looked like him, and could pass as his own..."
My mind raced, the affection they had been displaying more and more openly around us... that, too? Was Samuel okay with this idea, or was this still just a fantasy planted in his head by Sarah under Marie's suggestion?
"Sarah wants you to think about it. I'd love to help..." Marie, again, leaned in for a kiss, taking my hand and placing it on her wet and full pussy.
"I'd want you to, but it's up to you if you're in."
She guided my finger to her clit, as she was talking,
"Think of this, but with Sarah instead, and me to help guide you in as you love so much," whispering again in my ear, as I grew hard for a third time in less than an hour.
Suddenly, she got up and turned off the spray. We had been in the shower for close to an hour, and we both were starting to get wrinkly hands and feet.
She straddled over me, and said invitingly,
"Coming to bed, dear?" She walked to the bed, grabbed a pile of towels, and started placing them all over the bed as to keep it from getting soaked from our still wet bodies.
I almost fell over in my haste to get up from the shower floor. Marie had finished placing down the towels on the bed, and turned to face me, green eyes shining with lust, cum slowly dripping from her still dripping pussy.
I walked up to embrace her, but as I did, she grabbed a hold of my very erect penis and made me lie down first.
"Tonight, I'm the one who's getting your seed," she said, and she, for the second time, straddled me, sitting all the way down on my cock. For the second time this evening, she was having an orgasm just from guiding me in and sitting down.
"But I want you, too, to think about what you want to do to Sarah. Her fit body, spreading those heavenly legs and entering her," she continued, as she started to ride me, with more and more vigor, shaking the bed and starting to moan loudly again.
"Oh yes, oh yes, give it to me! GIVE IT TO ME!" she started saying, but quickly almost started yelling, having yet another orgasm.
As she started to shake, I flipped her over and mounted her.
Marie had normally been more quiet and intimate in bed before, but this had awoken something in the both of us. P
I followed suit, and started asking her,
"You want this?Do you want this? No, girl, you NEED THIS!" I yelled as i I emptied myself in her after fucking her hard for the better part of ten minutes.
I rolled off of her and lay, panting, next to her, as she lay panting there, too.
I started to laugh; quietly, at first, but growing until i I was almost shaking the bed from laughter.
Marie hit me in my side, and asked,
"What is so damned funny?"
I stopped laughing, and said to her as I started to kiss her,
"Well, (kiss) Sarah and you (kiss) had planned this for quite some time, (kiss) but I realized (kiss) I never answered your question." I stopped kissing her and looked into her eyes.
"What question?"
"If I'm in, or not," I said, slyly.
She looked at me with anticipation; though, I thought the answer was obvious.
"I'm in," I said, as I started to kiss her again; this time, gently and with love. I pulled her into my arms and we fell asleep, exhausted, in the towels, still in each other's embrace.
End of Part 1.
_______________