(Based on a true story.)
***
It was a lovely hot summer day and Amy and I were in the jeep, with the driver and passenger windows slightly ajar to combat the blazing heat, as we drove through town after running some errands.
Sitting in the passenger seat she looked gorgeous in her short patterned white summer dress, her long blonde hair flowing in the wind through the open passenger window. As always she looked stunning, a real head turner. The sort of woman who when she passed you on the street you turned to check out the rear view too.
As we drove I glanced at her, and I could feel myself getting horny, so on impulse I told her so. At first a little surprised, she just looked at me, quickly followed by a knowing look. Then she gave me a sly smile, and I knew things were going to go my way. Slowly she slid her hand over to my crotch letting her fingers first rest on, and then curl over, my slowly hardening cock.
In seconds my cock was raging hard and she continued slowly stroking it over my shorts. Then she slipped her hand into the waistband of my shorts and took my cock out. Already horny, it stuck straight up. She looked at me and smiled and started wanking my hard cock up and down in a slow motion.
At this point all I could think of was fucking her as soon as possible. We were passing a warehouse district with lots of alleyways between shuttered warehouses, so I turned off the highway towards them.
She noticed us turning off the road, and looked at me smiling and said "Do you have something in mind?"
"I was thinking that this hard cock that you caused might need some more help, what do you think?" I replied.
"Lets see what we can do about that." Amy said, smiling cheekily.
I drove between the rows of warehouses and finally found a small alley between two of them, at the back row of warehouses. I pulled the jeep to a stop and looked around to check there was no one around. It was deserted.
Looks like my stars were in alignment.
I switched off the engine and pushed my seat back as far as it could go, and pulled my shorts down to my knees so my cock was finally free.
Amy looked around to make sure the coast was clear and then returned to stroking my cock. "I think you need to take a closer look at that cock sweetheart." I said grinning.
She smiled back and said "Oh you do, do you?"
"Ah huh, a real close look!" I replied.
Amy slowly lent over her seat towards me, her head moving towards my waist, and licked the head of my cock murmuring as she tasted it, licking around the head and then letting it slowly slide into her moist mouth, her tongue tickling the underside as it went in. The sensation was dizzying as I felt her warm mouth envelope my cock and her head start to bob up and down on it.
Looking at her lent over my waist, her summer dress had ridden up slightly baring her thighs midway. This got me thinking about what was further up between those thighs... her light blue thong panties ... and beyond those her trimmed moist blond cunt.
The thought made my cock throb even harder in her mouth. I reached over and slid my right hand up her left thigh, taking the helm of the dress with it, till my finger reached her crotch. I let my index finger trace the length of her slit over her panties.
As I did so she twitched and moaned in pleasure, still keeping her mouth on my cock. As I stroked the length of her slit through her panties I saw them quickly darken as they got moist and wet.
This turned me on even more, and getting impatient, with my fingers I pulled the crotch of her panties to the side and slid my fingers between her cunt lips. Her cunt was already sopping wet and eager to be fucked. She gasped as I first squeezed her cunt lips together and then slid my middle finger into her cunt and then up to gently flick her clit.
My cock was really starting to throb now and I knew if she didn't stop now it wouldn't be long before I blew my load into her mouth. I wanted to fuck her really badly.
"Hon, I think you should have some fun too, take off those panties and come sit on this cock" I murmured eagerly. She looked up, my cock still in her mouth, and looking into my eyes mumbled, "Mmmm, that sounds like a good idea".
She sat up and again quickly looked around to check that the coast was clear. It was, so she pulled down her now soaking panties and hung them on the gear stick. Then she climbed over, drew up the hem of her skirt and straddled me on the driver seat, my cock sliding easily into her dripping wet cunt.
She sighed deeply as my cock sunk in all the way to the hilt. My cock throbbed as it sunk into her warm moist cunt with a sucking sound. Her arms were over my shoulders and around the headrest of my seat, her long blonde hair flowing down her back and the smell of her skin, hair and musky sex was instantly heady and sensual.
She bobbed up and down on my cock, gasping each time she went down, and there were squelching sounds as as her wet cunt slid up and down my cock. Each time she would raise slowly up till only the tip of my cock was still in her cunt, and then plunge down again so it was buried up to the hilt.
Out of the corner of my eye I noticed a small white pickup turning into the top of the alley where we were parked, and driving towards us. As it approached I saw it was a construction pickup and there was a driver in a white hard-hat in the cabin. As he drove towards us I saw that he had noticed us and the pickup slowed as it approached.
Amy was still bobbing up and down on my cock, panting heavily, and since she was facing the back of the jeep she was oblivious of the approaching pickup truck. I knew that if I said anything she would be mortified and stop, reserved as she normally is. In a momentary flash of inspiration I decided to say nothing and just see where this went.
Looking at the driver of the pickup as he slowly approached down the alley, I saw his face slowly change from indifference, to curiosity, to realisation of what was going on in our jeep. The pickup slowed even more as he bent forward looking out the front window to get a better look at us. He was only a couple of car lengths away now.
Slowly, so as not to alert Amy, I raised a finger to my lips to signal that he should be quiet. Focused intently on us as he was, he understood immediately, and the pickup slowed to a crawl.
Now he was only a car length away, and he could clearly see Amy's back as she continued riding my cock. I decided to make this more of a show, so I ran my hands down her back to her ass, bunching her skirt up so her ass was exposed as well as my cock sliding in and out of her wet cunt.
The pickup stopped, the engine turned off, and the driver removed his hard hat and slowly opened his door and exited. He approached the bonnet of our jeep slowly, staying in front so he was still not visible to Amy, and as the pickup had stopped she had still not noticed his presence.
With her skirt still bunched up I squeezed her ass cheeks and pulled them apart, giving him a clear view of her asshole and my cock in her cunt. I started to slowly rub her asshole with my index finger and then pushed it in as far as the first digit. She flinched at first, and then moaned as it went in.
The construction worker was now looking intently through the front window over the bonnet, he had unzipped his white overalls and taken out his cock and was stroking it as he watched Amy riding my cock with my finger in her tight butthole.
His cock was rigid and eager as he looked at us fucking, now stroking furiously. Suddenly, by mistake, he hit the bonnet with his hand, letting out a loud metallic clang. Amy's head whipped round at the sound and she saw him standing frozen at the end of the bonnet, cock out staring intently at her.
Her mouth opened in surprise and she quickly started to spin round, to move off of my cock, trying to push her skirt down at the same time.
In a flash I grabbed her ass firmly stopping her from moving. "Let me go" she said indignantly. "It doesn't matter", I replied holding her in place. "Let him watch, he definitely seems to be enjoying the show!" I said smiling cheekily.
She hesitated for a moment, looking intently down at me. At first I thought she would refuse, but then I saw a cheeky quizzical look in her eye, almost daring me. She relaxed and returned to facing out the back window, decidedly ignoring our voyeur, and settling back down on my cock. The pickup driver realising that she now knew, and still seemed to be continuing, felt bolder and came around to the driver side window.
As we continued to fuck, Amy facing the back of the car with her eyes closed both in pleasure and embarrassment, didn't want to look at him as he stared intently through the window still stroking his hard cock.
I spread her ass cheeks again and pushed my finger further into her butthole, exhibiting her ass and well-filled cunt, as she held tightly around my neck. She groaned as I did so, so I whispered into her ear "He is looking in the window and wanking, you should see how hard his cock is!"
She didn't respond, so I continued "I think he is looking at my cock going in and out of your cunt and wishing it was his cock fucking you."
At first she continued to ignore me, but then slowly she sheepishly turned her head and looked out the driver side window seeing the man's cock close to the window as he stroked it and look intently at her ass.
He was so close his nose was almost pressing against the glass and his breathing was intermittently misting the glass in time with his heavy breathing. He looked up, just as she glanced at him, their eyes met and there was a flash of recognition between them as their eyes locked and he edged his cock closer to the window as if to show her his offering.
Excited, I wriggled my finger deeper into her asshole and with my hands squeezing her ass cheeks, pulled her firmly down on my cock. She groaned in pleasure again her eyes half closing. We were both already close to cumming and I knew it wouldn't be long now.
Amy bucked furiously up and down as her orgasm approached, her cunt greedily swallowing my cock and my finger worming further into her butthole. Then suddenly we were both there. She groaned deeply and shook spasming as she came, and a moment later I blew my load deep inside her.
As the convulsions of her orgasm subsided Amy slumped on top of me satisfied, her chin resting on my shoulder, both of us breathing heavily, my own cock pulsing, then softening and then slipping out of her cunt, followed by a slow dribble of cum.
Our voyeur was still watching intently, mouth open, gasping, and then he too started cumming. Amy with her head resting on my shoulder and in the afterglow watched through the window, as his cock spewed cum against the window and door of the jeep. He seemed to come for ages.
Then it was over and all three of us looked sheepishly at each other through the glass. Then Amy quickly spun off me and back onto the passenger seat, as her normal sense of decorum re-asserted itself, reorganising her dress as she sat back down.
Our voyeur started putting his cock away and zipping his pants, as I pulled my shorts up and started the engine. In a flash of inspiration she grabbed her soaking wet panties off the gear stick and threw them at him through my slightly open window. They hit him in the chest, and his hand came up instinctively to catch them.
"That will give him something to remember us by," Amy said grinning cheekily, and we both giggled, as our jeep sped away.