I walk out of the closet and look at myself in the mirror. Perfect I think, black definitely is my color. I marvel at how beautifully this dress hugs every part of me and I love it. He won't know what hit him. I pick up my shawl strategically place it to cover the more indecent parts of my outfit and on we go.
He is quietly waiting in the living room. He is looking handsome as ever. Lucky him, he finished getting ready half an hour ago, yet, no complains... that might deserve a reward. Later. I clear my throat as I walk down the stairs, would want him to miss this. He turns around and silently watches. "You're welcome" I think to myself as I slowly make my way down letting him enjoy the view.
To my surprise, he says nothing. Mr Repartee has gone quiet. That can't be good. I can he read him. Instead of his usual glib, he is observing, detecting, planning?... As I walk up to him he takes the hand I hold out and leads me to the garage. Seeing his silence, I get the clue and follow quietly. We get on the road and after entering the address he turns around and faces me. He looks into my eyes and as we whiz through the city, he never breaks eye contact. In the depths of them, I see the parade of emotions going through him; excitement, joy, hunger, shrewdness.
We arrive at the theater and he runs off into the building ahead of me. That's new. He is planning something. I don't know what yet, but I'm looking forward to it. I just leave him to it and head towards our seats. The theater building as always impresses me with its aesthetic. We don't make them like this anymore. I stroll around the lobby and admire the period art pieces and the breathtaking murals when I feel someone take my hand. Turning around, I see his face and the devilish smile is even wider now. He leans down and gives me one chaste kiss before hurrying away, pulling me along. I followed, intrigued.
He silently walks towards the back of the building with me in tow. I'm trying to guess what he has in mind, but he isn't making it easy. Is he trying to be quiet and brooding? That's so not him! Oh well, I get to watch his buttcheeks in front of me. They're cute, just swaying around ahead of me. I start chuckling remembering the last time I made him clench them. He turns around at the sound and looks at me. I was too slow to pull my eyes up. He must've guessed the reason for my laugh as he scoffs. I smile innocently and in response, he pulls me through a door to our left. He closes it behind me, and pushes me against it. It takes me a second to figure out that we're now in the restroom.
I look around the room and freeze when I process that we're both in the same restroom. I see no urinals, women's! As I'm thinking through this, I don't notice him get on his knees, lift up my dress and burying his face between my legs. The feeling of his lips on my thighs brings my attention back to him. He slowly kisses his way up my legs, nibbling and licking along. I moan deeply.
He slows down when his mouth reaches the edges of my underwear and to my surprise takes a fleshy bite off it. I barely hold in a yelp. Simultaneously, I get shivers from his fingers creeping up my legs. He keeps licking his way around my thighs and ignores my now damp slit. He chuckles. I assume that he noticed that wet spot slowly expanding yet still doesn't touch it. The bastard!
His hands that have been taking an excruciating trip up my legs finally come to rest on my butt. I sigh. He firmly holds each buttcheek and yanks my whole body forward finally landing his mouth on my cloth clad pussy. Yes! His hands hold me in place as he seemingly devours me. Under his relentless assault, my labias pop out of their last barrier and are at his mercy. He hungrily starts feasting upon them. His tongues flat against my flesh licks the entirety of my pussy and with every passage pushes my underwear deeper into it.
For a moment, I don't feel him anymore. His hands and mouth are off of me. I look down just in time to see his face. He winks at me and moving back a bit, spins me around. I'm now facing the door, hands against it for support. Facing that door, the reality of where we are rushes at me. What if someone came in? What if there was already someone in here? He never checked the stalls. My mind starts racing at the notion. It's scary but also terrifying.
He must've noticed that I wasn't focused on us anymore. He brings me back with a loud slap on my right butt cheek. I can't hold it in this time and just loudly grunt. The sound of my pleasure reverberates on the empty walls. I look over my shoulder and look at him. He has closed his eyes and is licking and kissing my aching flesh. I purr! He repeats the same treatment on my left cheek. First the slap, then the care. The cycle is repeated, he doesn't seem in a rush. I try not to think about how long we've been in here. How the odds of us getting caught increase every moment we spend here. I want to be here. I want him on his knees. Everything else be damned.
I openly moan and push my ass in his direction. I slowly gyrate it for him, not caring anymore. He must've been waiting for this. He pulls my underwear down in one fell swoop leaving my lower body totally exposed. Bent at the waist as I am, I know that I'm fully opened to him. He confirm it by softly blowing on my soaked genitals. The air on my vagina tickles and my anus twitches at the new feeling.
Not giving me time to think about it, with a hand on each cheek, he opens me up and buries his face in my pussy. His tongue probes at my hole while his nose softly nudges at the fleshy ends of my cunt. I give in. I push back against him, letting his tongue deeper into me and allowing myself to just soak in the pleasure.
He very slowly massages my ass, allowing it every now and then to close on him making his box munching an airless one. He doesn't seem to mind. In a matter of minutes I'm panting. A breath on my clit and I'm a goner. But he hasn't even come close to touching it. Pleasure without deliverance. This is hell, albeit a delicious one. Unable to take it anymore, I bang on the door.
He takes it as some type of signal. He pulls his face out and take a couple quick breaths. Hearing his erratic breathing I'm about to ask him if he needs a break when without warning he once again spins me and with my back once again against the door, put his hands on my ass and lift my pussy to his face. I'm shocked.
He doesn't lose a moment and immediately dive on my engorged clit and licks for everything he is worth. I lose it. It's too sudden, too violent, it's terrifying. I can't control it. It's rushing at me. My feet off the ground, with my only tether, his hands on my ass holding me up to his face, I let go.
My now free hands go to my chest and my lonesome tits. A twist is all it takes. The moment I hold my nipples, my body gives up and completely tenses. I can hear him lapping faster. I twist my nipples harder. I will be sore, but I don't care. I come on his face and he relishes in it. He drinks me in, takes everything I'm giving him and I love him even more for it.
Feelings and pussy equally flooded, I start coming down from a mind numbing orgasm. He is still licking at my cunt, but softly, gently, making sure to not miss any of it I suppose. I close my eyes and revel in the feelings, the comfort, my whole body numb.
He must have had his fill. He gently puts me down and I hear him walk away. Remembering that I'm slumped against the door, I open my eyes and see him washing his face. I smile. The smell is not gonna go away, but knowing him, he will like that. He finishes and walks back to me. I take his hand and he helps me up. He bends down to pick up something off the floor and then hand in hand. We leave our playroom, the lonely restroom.
We're walking slowly, I'm still stumbling a bit. He is holding me up. With my head on his shoulder, I can feel the warmth of his hand on my lower back, holding me up, reassuring. I let my body rest more firmly on him, relaxing when it suddenly hits me. Why can I feel his skin on my back. I freeze finally noticing that I've been walking with my dress still yanked up. I panic. I pull my dress down and look around. We're still in an empty hallway. I brief a sigh of relief.
I look at his smug smiling face and just want to hate him. I turn back around to go get my underwear when I feel him grab my hand. I turn around to see him lean in and kiss me. He pulls away and waves in my direction what I notice to be my lost underwear. He winks at me, folds it and puts it away in his pocket.
He jumps out of my reach, opens the door ahead of us, points at the sign on it and winks at me. I walk up and read it: "Section under renovation. No visitors past this point"... No one was ever going to come over. He tricked me. I look over and see him walking towards our seats. I start following and feel the breeze caress my still damp slit. This promises to be a good show.
To be continued...