I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket, Master must've sent me a message. The phone vibrated again, another message. I really must read these as soon as I can, I thought to myself, I should strive for complete obedience. Right then however, I had an even more pressing task as the final train of the evening pulled into the light rail station and I felt the cold rush of the breeze penetrate what little clothing I had on.
The train hissed to a stop and the charming tone chimed as the doors opened. I checked to my left and my right, and there was no one on the platform. No one was getting off any of the four cars on the light rail.
I stepped into the fourth car, the rear-most train car, and scanned the interior. Well lit and clean, but unoccupied except for myself. This was perfect. My obedience was being rewarded. This was going so well, yet despite the comforting warmth of the interior I felt myself shaking with anticipation of what was to come.
The door tone chimed again, signaling their close. The final train of the evening departed the First Street Station and I checked my phone, pulling down the notifications to confirm my assumption - new messages from Master.
Master:
[You've earned this Pet. Confirm for me first that you remember the safe word and know you're allowed to use it without punishment. This is encouragement, this is up to you.]
Master:
[Then you may call me when you're ready.]
I tapped the notification to bring up the secure messenger app Master instructed me to download and use, and responded.
Pet:
[Adirondack.]
Adirondack. The safe word Master had me choose to use whenever the play needed to end. I hadn't needed to use it in the month I had Master's help achieving my goals, but Master had me remind us both of my chosen words before each serious session. This was most certainly a serious session.
I tapped the phone button and began a video call through the app.
I recalled the first time Master had me call them. I was terrified of feeling exposed and vulnerable in front of them, but was hopeful that I'd get the first hint of my Master's identity.
I received all of the former and none of the latter as Master's side of the video was a mirror of mine. Like a one way mirror, I saw only myself but knew Master was watching.
The voice modulator Master used was off putting at first, but over the weeks I adjusted and now found the stern mechanical voice comforting.
Standing just inside the door as the city blurred by in the background. At 5'9" and 185lbs, I was soft but more toned than I had ever been - fitness was one of the many goals Master had been assisting me with.
I was wearing a new white t-shirt, red basketball shorts, white socks and my running shoes. Under the shorts I was wearing a black mesh jockstrap, black chastity cage, and a medium black plug. Looking at myself I had never felt better of myself. I looked exactly how my Master had chosen.
I knew that my confidence in my status then was primarily due to Master's encouragement and I wanted to show them I wasn't wasting their time - that I'd live up to our shared goals for myself.
"Good evening Master!" I said to my own reflection on the screen as I held the phone slightly above my eye level. I should literally be looking up to Master at all times, as I had been reminded often, Master is above me.
"Good boy." said Master through their vocoder, the robotic voice mixed with the warm message causing me to instinctively flex my hole, gripping the plug and causing my cock to twitch alive in the confines of its cage. "Are you ready for this, Pet?" They asked.
"Yes Master!" I shouted, confident there was no one to hear me.
"Good boy. Show me the cage."
I tilted the phone down to include my lower body, and pulled both the waistbands of my shorts and jock down, letting my little plastic cage stick out. Master had worked me into the smallest cage I'd ever used, barely an inch and a half long, and the black matte plastic held my soft cock and little sack tightly to my body.
"Tell me what I am looking at, pet." Master asked, knowing the answer. Master knew saying humiliating things out loud was a major turn on for me, especially knowing Master recorded all of our calls.
"This is your little cock locked up Master." I responded quickly.
"Why is that little cock locked up, Pet?" Master pried further in.
"Because I cannot control myself and need you to keep me locked up until I've earned it, Master." I responded just as eagerly, knowing my place.
"How long have you been locked up, pet?"
"One month Master!"
"And have you earned it?"
"Yes Master, I've done every task you've given me all month, I've been a good boy." I said both proudly and pleadingly, softening my eyes as I looked up into the camera for Master's approval.
"You have indeed been a good boy. I thought you'd falter at the panties, and was certain you'd refuse to lick up your own sticky mess, but you did it all for me - and what did my good boy earn?" I'm asked.
"My fantasy coming true Master, I've earned my fantasy coming true." I answered eagerly, I had been looking forward to this all month.
"What is your fantasy, Pet? What fantasy do you get to fulfill tonight?"
"I want to be naked and vulnerable in public. I want to give up total control. I want to feel used and humiliated. I want to be stranded and exposed. Please, Master, help me feel vulnerable. I need it so bad." I was begging them, I had worked so hard that month and done so much I deserved my own reward. I deserved this.
"Are you ready, Pet?"
"Yes Master!"
"Let's see... Strip for me. Down to just your jock."
I set the phone down on the nearest seat and immediately stripped off my shirt and shorts - discarding them carelessly on the floor of the train and only when the cold air hit my bare chest and legs did I think to look around.
The train car was still empty, the dark city outside the window was hurdling by in a blur, and we were only a couple of minutes from the next stop.
I picked up my phone and held it up again for Master to see I had done as required.
"Good boy. Good good boy. You're more comfortable like that anyway aren't you?" I'm asked tauntingly.
"Yes Master I'm better off in as little as possible. Thank you for letting me strip down on our call Master, I feel better like this." I tried to make every statement to Master include appreciation for all they had done for me.
"I agree Pet, you look good like that. No need for those clothes, leave them there and go sit at the back of the train for me now."
I did so without hesitation, leaving my shirt and shorts on the floor in the aisle of the empty train car and walking to the very back row. I held the phone to ensure that Master could watch me leave my clothes behind just as instructed.
"Sit." said Master when I get to the rear of the train.
"In between the seats, not on a cushion!" I was corrected as I began to lower myself into the aisle seat.
"Yes Master, of course!" I said, quickly shifting slightly and lowering myself on the flat metal divider between the seats. The cold metal wedged itself between my cheeks just a little and pressed against the flared base of my plug.
The train jostled as it hit a bend in the track and I bounced slightly up and landed back on the base pressing the plug firmly against my prostate. I let out an involuntary moan of enjoyment as I felt Master's influence.
"Good Pet. I want you to really enjoy the ride. Show me your cock cage and tell me what you see."
I tilted the phone down so that Master could see my face and my lap as I pulled open the waistband and revealed the cock cage nestled in the black mesh pouch.
I looked up into the camera and I forced myself not to blink or look away as Master had instructed previously while I admitted to them my humiliation - "this is my tiny little dick, Master. It's locked up so that you can motivate me to be a better pet and achieve my goals. The only use my little dick has is to motivate me to be a more obedient slut for you, Master. As long as I am locked up I have no thoughts, only obedience."
Cutting me off, as if to test that theory, Master quickly commanded me "then strip off the jock and throw it away!"
I immediately obeyed, lifting myself off the cold metal between the seats long enough to slip the jock off my legs, balled it up in my fist, and made an effort to throw it as far away as possible. I turn the camera around to show Master how the little black jock was now crumpled on the floor not far from the rest of my abandoned clothes.
"Good boy" cooed Master. "Naked and exposed."
I realized then Master had helped me again - and quickly groveled for their approval.
"I am!!!" I agreed excitedly "I've never been this exposed in public Master," I continued, marveling at the situation I had found myself in.
I could feel the adrenaline pumping and I was shaking as I profusely thank my Master "thank you Master, thank you for this, it's incredible I'm doing so well!"
"You are indeed doing well, Pet. Just one more challenge for you tonight." Said Master in their cool, robotic, motivating voice.
"I can see your little cock is trying to escape, you're excited!"
"I am, yes Master!" I agreed immediately, before looking down to see that Master was correct and my little cock was filling the cage and pressing on all sides looking little and purple and desperate for release.
"Play with your cock through the cage until the train arrives at the next stop." Master commanded and I used my free hand to grip the cage between my pointer finger and thumb like Master taught me and I began to feverishly work the little cage back and forth, in and out, simulating the tiniest fraction of masturbation.
"You enjoy that slut?" Asked Master, as I let my tongue hang out and eyes rolled back in my head. I did enjoy it. After a month of edging, teasing, and daily reinforcement from Master, any stimulation felt incredible. I moaned something incomprehensible, I was slipping into the sub zone Master showed me.
Don't think. Just obey. Master's words rang in my head.
I was startled by a new voice that interrupted my desperate horny stupor - "Sixth Street Stop coming up" said the automated voice over the train PA system.
'That's your stop, Pet, keep stroking."
I did. I hadn't stopped stroking. I need this. I needed to obey.
"Almost there, Pet. You've almost achieved your goals. You're doing so great."
I could feel an orgasm approaching despite my inability to become fully erect while in the cage. I was so horny and so close.
"You're so close, Pet."
I was on the edge of cumming, my eyes were open but I wasn't seeing anything. There were just flashes of cocks and cum and cameras floating around me.
"You're right there Pet, you're almost finished now."
I could barely think straight, I felt like I had been jerking my little dick like this for hours, I had lost all sense of time and place. I didn't even recognize the train had stopped. I didn't hear the voice over the PA announce the train's arrival at the station.
"Up, Pet."
I stood up, nude, caged, plugged, eyes glassy and tongue hanging.
"Leave the train Pet."
I did. The doors were open. I was alone then on a dark train platform. I was so close to cumming I just needed to keep obeying. Keep stroking. Keep obeying.
"Kneel now."
I felt the cold cement of the platform come up to my knees. My phone still held out in front of myself to capture every submissive obedient moment.
I didn't hear the doors close.
I didn't hear the train leave.
I didn't think about my clothes anymore.
I just obeyed.
"Cum."
I did. It hurt and felt amazing. My cock strained to flex and grow in its confines but it could not - it could only spurt gushing shot after gushing shot of cum. A month's worth of stored up submissive desire, need to obey. I had earned that feeling. I groaned, a mixture of pleasure and pain, a well deserved punishment. My breath was ragged and my chest was heaving.
My vision cleared, I was looking up into my phone screen - seeing my reflection. A naked submissive, a caged boy kneeling on the cement in the darkness of a public train platform.
I realized what I had done and my eyes went wide, I looked around fervently checking around me and clocking the staircase leading up to entrances to the platform on either side of me. No one was here.
"You're alone." Said Master, as if observing a simple fact.
"Yes Master" I said in agreement quietly, the courage of my arousal rapidly depleting from my body.
"All alone..." Repeated Master, slowly. They wanted me to say more, I needed to say more.
"Yes Master, I am alone." I said, mustering what courage I had left as the wind jostled my now limp cock dripping cum, still in the confines of the sticky cage. "I am naked and vulnerable in public." I continued, "I have given up all control of myself." I shifted uncomfortably on my knees then, tiny pebbles were digging into my exposed flesh, but I continued debasing myself - staring into my reflection, "I am stranded and exposed. This is my fantasy. I worked hard to earn this." I finished my explanation, and felt my stomach drop hearing myself say it out loud - a realization had struck me.
"What's the matter, Pet?" Asked Master, a cruel irony in their voice. "Aren't you living your fantasy right now?"
"I am, Master, but I don't have my wallet or keys I forgot them" I quickly affirmed, feeling the words of agreement were less true than 10 minutes previous.
"You said you wanted to be humiliated." Master reminded me "you wanted to be used." they continued to jab.
"Yes Master, I do" it was easy to agree, I wanted to agree, I was the one who forgot myself. I did that.
"Well then, enjoy." Said Master as the screen returned to our chat. Master had ended the call and I knew I was not allowed to call unless commanded to do so by Master. The last messages on screen reminded me I had a safe word I could have used to stop this. I even asked for it to happen, and begged for it.
Alone, humiliated, used, vulnerable, and completely nude. Just like I wanted.