We walk into the club, nervous but looking forward to a good time. We've heard good things from friends... it's classy, they said. You can watch, you can be watched, there's no pressure to do more than you're comfortable with. But we both know that we want to get watched. It's been fun taking you to the bar with a short skirt and a shirt that's a little too tight to see the looks you get. But tonight is about more. It's about letting everyone see you for who you are beneath.
We grab a drink and walk around, occasionally exchanging pleasantries with others around the club. No one seems to be doing much else yet and we find an empty couch to settle down and people watch. As you sip your drink, my hand rests on your thigh gently caressing it. I lean over and start to kiss you. You are hesitant at first, shy of others seeing but responding to the feel of my lips on yours. The alcohol starts to help you relax a little and you start to kiss me back more passionately. I slip my tongue between my lips and rub it along yours, feeling them part for me to slip it into your mouth. We make out for a few minutes and then I break the kiss and sit up. "Let's go for a walk... maybe there's more to see now" I say as I stand and grab your hand.
You follow behind me as we walk around. We hear the sound of a moan and turn to the left. We see the open door of a room but a rope across the opening. We step closer and look inside. The room is spartan but there are two beds inside. The one further from the door is unoccupied but next to the closer bed we see a couple standing and starting to undress each other. We had seen them earlier in the evening and said hi but what were their names? It doesn't matter as we settle in to watch what unfolds. The couple is now fully naked and standing there making out until the man pushes the woman down onto the bed.
I'm standing a little behind and to the side of you but with my body pressed up against your thigh so you feel me starting to respond to what we see happening in front of us and my hand moves up to start to caress and squeeze your breast some. A few other people have made their way over as the couple moves on from making out to the man kissing his way down all over her body. Her moans in response are soft but audible as we stand at the door enthralled
He slips between her legs, pushing them apart so that there's a clear view to us of her glistening and puffy lips before he leans in and begins to lick along her slit. We continue to watch as he starts licking in earnest... her moans are getting louder and it's clear she is enjoying herself. But she also keeps opening her eyes and glancing at us, standing respectfully at the doorway with the rope across it. I kiss at the back of your neck while watching and you reach down and see that clearly I am enjoying the show too, the bulge in my pants apparent to all who would glance down.
You start to stroke at the front of my pants as we watch the couple in front of us, only vaguely aware of the crowd continuing to grow in size and the fact that they are watching us as well. You let out a soft moan as I pull at your already hard nipple with my fingertips through the thin material of your top.
At the sound of your moan, the man looks back at us and the woman smiles.... she beckons with a hand as he says "I think that the other bed could be perfect for you two to have some space to enjoy yourselves. I'm Dave, this is Tanya."
I look into your eyes, seeing the fire and the lust burning within, and you give a light nod... your breath short, your skin flushed. I take your hand and guide you into the room. They watch as we walk past and it gives you your first chance to see his fully erect cock while they stare at you... taking in your body.
As we reach the bed, I wrap my arms around you and start to remove your top so that your beautiful breasts can be freed and then waste no time pushing you down onto the bed, my hand firm against your chest but nestled between your tits. I lean over and take the left one into my lips which you respond to with a loud moan. You feel my teeth along the soft sensitive flesh of the nipple as I suck it harder and deeper into my mouth and look over at the other bed. Tanya has slid down and is now on her knees and is taking her partner's dick into her mouth. Her ass is pointing straight at us and you can see her pussy lips peeking out as her mouth envelops his shaft.
You are transfixed and starting to shake a little as you watch the scene before you while feeling my lips on your breast. In your focus, you are surprised to feel something more... my hands have spread your legs, pushed your panties to the side, and my finger has slipped ever so slightly between your lips. My fingertip traces the opening of your pussy sliding up in a figure 8 to trace around your clit as I switch to sucking on your right nipple, starting with a nibble to get a response.
You know Dave is watching, his eyes darting up and down your body as you get more excited while at the same time Tanya is taking more and more of his dick into her mouth with each movement. You return his gaze, seeing her cup his balls, squeezing a little as she deep throats his cock in front of you. It's like nothing you've ever seen and you squirm lying there on the bed.
I release your nipple and look up into your eyes as I slide the tip of my index finger inside of you... wanting to see you respond to starting to be filled. Your lips part, a moan escaping them, the satisfying response I was hoping to get. I let my finger start to slowly move in and out of you, the tip rubbing along the walls of your tight pussy.
Dave grabs Tanya's hair and starts thrusting his own hips, beginning to use her mouth as a place to fuck... pushing her down further onto his throbbing shaft. You hear his groan as she starts to gag a little on his girth and hear something else, realizing it's your own moaning as I add a second finger inside of you and return to sucking on your tits. My fingertips curve upwards, feeling the grooves hunting for your g-spot as I continue to nibble and pull at your left nipple with my teeth. You feel me pulsing pressed against your thigh as you continue to watch and take it all in. You finally notice that there are about 10 people standing outside the door, various states of disrobement and arousal apparent, and you moan loudly.
The woman of our new found friends slides up off of her partner's cock, leaving it glistening and throbbing for you to see, and she looks at you. You hear her voice for the first time "I am going to have him fuck me but you get to pick how he takes me". "On your side, facing us please", you reply, a smile on your face.
She smiles as she settles onto the other bed, her ass facing the door but her face and tits pointed right at us. Dave slides down and settles himself behind. lifting her leg so that you can see as the head of his cock points straight at her open, waiting, wet cunt. I feel your pussy contract around my fingers as you watch, seeing the head of his dick disappear into her as her nipples get even harder.
Your own nipple is rock hard beneath my tongue and between my teeth as I alternate between flicking it and nibbling and pulling at it. As I continue to thrust my fingers in and out of you, I curl up my thumb letting it press lightly against your clit. Your eyes are locked on the other bed and the room is filled with the sounds of rustling sheets and moans. Each thrust of his cock takes him deeper but as he slides back you are able to see her juices glistening along his shaft.
Your moans are getting louder and more insistent with each thrust of my fingers. I smile as I whisper... "Don't forget to ask before you cum." The statement is followed by my mouth kissing the top of your right tit followed by a little bite of the skin.
"Please" you whisper softly as you see the other man's cock buried to the hilt inside of his partner. Your moan and hers compete for which can be the loudest, both sounds filling the air of the small room. My fingers begin to move faster, matching the pace of the man next to us. Outside the room, people continue to watch and are in various states of undress as people begin to play in the open space. Your body begins to shake as your pussy quivers around my fingers... each breath comes shorter as your entire body is flushed and covered in beads of sweat.
"Cum for me. Show them how you cum for me. Every one of these people wants to watch you cum." All those people watching you... seeing your nipples hard and your cunt dripping around my hand. Your eyes start to close, unable to focus any longer.
I smile as I take the left nipple back between my lips as you explode, shaking and screaming out loudly, overpowering the other woman's moans and making the man stop with his dick buried deep.... watching your body as you shake and scream, my fingers being clamped by the vise like feeling of your cunt contracting around it. My hand keeps moving in and out, wanting you to ride the wave for as long as you can as your pussy juices drip down to coat not just my fingers but also my palm and onto my wrist.
Next to us, a voice breaks the spell "don't stop now Dave... keep fucking me with that big cock of yours" and your eyes flutter open. I smile as I let my hand slide out from within you, your legs spread and panties still pushed aside, showing your gaping slit to everyone watching as I move up to kiss you passionately.
I continue to lie against you, aware of my own dick throbbing and pressed up against you as we kiss breaking apart to take in the fucking next to us. As your breathing returns to something approaching normal, I feel your hand slide down. "I think that we aren't done yet here" you whisper with a smile. You begin to slowly stroke, feeling my girth beneath your fingers and licking your lips subconsciously. My hand returns to cupping your tit, squeezing it.
The other bed shifts a little as the woman gets up onto her knees, bent over with her breasts hanging down. You watch in earnest as Dave steps over to the table next to the bed, reaching into a bag you hadn't seen. His cock, jutting out from his body, is just above the tabletop as you see the purple mushroom-y head. His hand reaches into the bag and comes out with a gleaming, shiny silver butt plug. He grabs a bottle of lube with his other hand and smears some over the entirety of the toy. You watch as he spreads her ass cheeks and squirts a little lube there before taking the toy and slowly working into her ass as she moans, causing you to death grip my cock with your hand.
"Why don't you slide to the floor to be able to get a better look" I say with a smile.... "And also, all the better for me to let you suck on my cock to get it good and ready to fuck you". You slide to your knees on the floor as I stand, my dick hard and in front of your eyes forcing you to go back and forth between seeing Dave getting the plug settled and me.
My cock in one hand, I place the other on the back of your head as I guide myself toward your lips. They part and I push forward as I watch Dave's dick starting to slip back in Tonya's ready cunt. You start to play with my balls, a muffled moan escaping your own lips.
"You're so hot... show them all how you're a good little slut and can take all of my dick as they watch your body" I tell you as I feel your spit sliding down my length. I begin to thrust, no longer content for you to just suck but instead wanting to fuck your face in time with the hard fucking going on beside us. You raise up slightly, putting your ass more on display to the crowd outside the door, as I pull at your hair and then push you back down onto me.
Water wells up a little in the corner of your eyes as you gag a little with the hard fucking of your face. "You like that, don't you? You like feeling my cock sliding between your lips and pressing at your throat and knowing it's going to be in your cunt next."
"Good girl" I say as I pull you by the hair off of my cock to lean over and kiss you. "But I need to fuck you now. I want to feel how tight and wet you are after I already made you cum and feel you quiver and explode again. On your knees."
You see Tanya's lips moving as she lets out guttural moan after moan, each thrust that Dave makes moving both his cock in her pussy with the toy in her ass and hearing it joined with Dave's growls.
As you stand, you push your panties to your ankles and turn, stepping out of them. You face the crowd as you fall to your knees, able to see Dave sliding in and out but knowing that everyone can see your tits as I get behind you. You feel my hand land once, twice, three times on each butt cheek as I growl... "What do you want slut?"
"For you to spank me harder", you reply quietly.
My hand lands again, harder. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. On the fifth, a little yelp escapes your lips and your knees slide out spreading you open a little more.
"Like that?" I growl as I grab your hair to pull your head back a little, making your tits even more on display. My hand lands again on your ass but the sound is drowned out by the absolute scream next to us as Tanya collapses, shaking and shuddering, her whole body convulsing with the orgasm traveling through her.
You attempt to nod, making it so that I pull more at your hair as you feel pressure at your dripping slit.
"Be a good girl... tell everyone what you need" I say with a smile, watching the crowd's eyes going back and forth between your chest and the massive wet spot on the other bed. I push forward, the head of my dick spreading your lips and settling inside of you.... letting you feel what is to come. Throbbing. Warm. Starting to stretch you out.
"Fuck me" you say, wanton with lust. All shyness is gone from your eyes with your tits on display for the crowd and my cock pressing up against you. I lean over, kissing the back of your neck as my hips start to rock letting me move in and out of you.
Dave and Tanya settle onto the other bed, making out, and avoiding the massive wet spot she left from her orgasm, watching as we settle into a rhythm.
I grab your hip with one hand and your hair with the other, feeling as you take me deeper into you. I growl, pulling and forcing your head back. "Yessss.... deeper"
You feel my balls slapping against you now as I move in and out quicker. "Reach down and play with that thirsty little clit while I fuck you. Show them how much you like it" I say, just loud enough for our friends to hear.
Tanya and Dave have given up any pretense of making out and are now just watching us, smiling and enjoying the glow of their own orgasms.
I have stopped holding back and am just fucking you hard as I pull on your hair, using your tight cunt for my own pleasure as I feel the little spasms within you. You reach down and start to play with your clit as instructed... I feel the pressure as your fingers start to rub the little nubbin
Dave is playing with Tanya's tits, keeping her nipples nice and hard as they watch us. They both know that the show is for them but also for everyone.
The room smells, no reeks, of sex. Your eyes close as you focus on the sensations... your finger on your clit, my dick filling you up, my balls slapping against you, your ass pressing up against my groin
I pull harder on your hair so that your chest puffs out, making your tits with their hard nipples front and center for the crowd to see.
My grunts become more labored, my own breath shortening and matching to yours. Our sounds fill the space with nothing else coming in to be heard
I growl in your ear "Are you ready for me to cum for you slut? Do you want to show all of these people how you take my cock and make it cum with your greedy, tight little cunt?"
"Yes please", you reply.
I smile a little but grab your hair and yank... "What was that? How do you ask for what you want?"
"Yes please sir. Fill me up please please please" you say.
I move even faster and finally have one last hard thrust, burying my cock deep into your cunt, feeling the head press against your cervix as it starts to spasm. My balls tense up as I explode, shooting a massive load of cum for you as your cunt tightly grips me. Waves of pleasure wrack both of our bodies as we cum together.
"FUCCCCCCKKKK" I growl into your ear as the orgasm travels through my body.
We both collapse, breathing heavily as the crowd watches. You roll towards me and smile, a slightly dazed look on your face, and whisper "Well that was fun... think we can do it again?"