"Hi it's me Violet again. I think I'm becoming as addicted to relating my adventures as I am in having them. Maybe this just fits into the puzzle I'm piecing together in discovering who I am. I love taunting guys what can I say? If I'm taunting you I'm glad I could help. Girls? If you're also reading this know I'm not opposed to the experience. I just haven't reached into that territory yet. Bi sexuality has crossed my mind but at this point in my exploration I haven't dared to dabble. I'm pretty certain I'll get there. LOL."
"I enjoy telling people the things that stimulate me. Right this minute, day, week it's all about my evolution from timid to relatable. I've done things, as you know if you've read my first examination that has shattered my ideals on restraint. At the mall I couldn't resist going further and further to see how men accepted me. My appearance changing so much in the last year I don't even recognize myself in a mirror. I only recall the chubby me with less than stellar breasts. Now look at me. I'm 5'5, 120. My chest has stopped growing at a busty 36D, they look amazing now. Perky and bouncy, trust me I test them often."
"I didn't get this way by natural evolution, it wasn't without a bit of assistance. I worked out a lot to get the curves going. Nothing aggressive just cardio and dieting more often. I love food but it's not my priority in life. I want to be the sexiest that I can be. If that means no morning bagels with sour cream so be it. It's turning into something I'm proud of, guys are taking notice. Just read my mall adventure if you don't believe me. Narcissism? Some I'm sure. I'm still blown away by it. I feel very blessed these days."
"Back to my tits. Before last week at the mall I had rarely gone without a bra. It just felt wrong. After losing my bra to a mystery viewer that day I had to come home without one. Panties went bye bye too. Riding a mass transit bus home commando was certainly liberating. While I didn't tease all that much on the bus a few boys did get a chance peek up my skirt. So brief they almost missed it. When I got off the bus I pulled my skirt up just enough to let the driver see my butt cheeks. That ended the mall adventure. Coming home I barely got in the house before my Mother got home. She would not have approved of my wardrobe. At least without any undies on. She was young once so she knows a short skirt or two in her time. We've joked about it before. Anyways I escaped being chewed out."
"Now a week later I've had time to think about things. I know I took a huge risk letting the guys at the mall take advantage of me like that. I wasn't really in control over things. While it was definitely a rush I kind of wanted to take the lead next time out. All week long I've fielded texts from Kyle, Jamie, and Scott. Including the three men that waited outside for me to leave. Jake, Chad, and Ian. I asked them all who kept my underwear? None of them fessed up. I never laughed so hard at men. Every single one of them showed me their dicks via pictures telling me I caused their suffering. I wrote Poor Baby back each time. Well, except Jamie. He just wanted to see me again. While I'm honored he chose restraint to prove himself I'll be honest. Those cock pictures made me dizzy. Kyle and Scott were huge. Jake a very close third. Chad and Ian much smaller but cute none the less."
"From work I would say hi to all of them. Talking about how bored my job was and sending an innocent selfie. I've really thought about looking for another job. Something where I can feel guys staring constantly at me. I considered a lifeguard job so I could wear a bathing suit but between being forced to wear a one piece and dealing with screaming kids I gave that option up. Kids cramp my style and I really want to wear a bikini and have guys fight over me. LOL."
"Two days ago I finally got brave and took some cleavage pics sending them to all of the guys. No dead on nipples standing tall just yet. I'll get there. A shot in the mirror of my bare ass too. No pussy yet. It's not as if they didn't get enough of that at the mall. All I wanted was to hear them beg. They did, quite a lot. Soon enough I say."
"Today when I woke up I went down for breakfast, this being my day off I was trying to decide what to do. I couldn't spend money I had another week before I got paid. Whatever I chose to do needed to be close to home. Strolling about the house in my newly purchased jersey, underwear beneath just in case my future dad ducked out of his office above the garage. My future stepdad actually. My Mother Julia and David live together. I have a very classy Mom who makes a great living as an Interior Decorator. She's out in the field almost every day. Which leaves me the only other female to inhabit our five bedroom home. She can't help herself her job is her life."
"David works from home as a Data Analyst for a Pharmaceutical company. He also takes care of accounting for my Mom, placing orders and paying her workers. He keeps himself locked in a lot. He's really cool, always there for me over the last three years. He's seen me grow up more than my real dad."
"My real dad John is a Contractor. That in itself was the only common interest Mom and he had. After years together raising me and my brother Victor they finally gave up. I lived with mom. Victor stayed with dad. Now here at home David's sons live part time here, part time in a college dorm. Troy and Brad are his boys. Both pretty hunky but let's face it, basically brothers even if Mom and David aren't married. They treat me like a baby sister regardless."
"The boys used to tease me about my larger ass and little tits until I shaped up. Now they notice my curves and tease me. I usually shut that down because I was afraid of what might happen. Namely, they worried I would tell my Mom and David. Not even. LOL. While I hadn't really flaunted myself in front of them I did respect them. Even David looked at me differently now. He kept it clean but I was the one being looked at. I know he undressed me with his eyes. Heck, all three of them do. I just laugh it off and act naïve."
"Trust me I've been tempted to see their reactions should I be sly. After last week my hormones are in hyperdrive. Even at work I struggle around my boss and other boys working there. They're actually all that prevents that new job theory. They like me."
"Brad and Troy go to college locally so they come home every other weekend to visit. It's more to sponge money off of David, eat our food, and do their laundry. Otherwise it's party time. One or the other was due to come through the front door at any moment. While sitting at our kitchen bar I kept an eye out the window. Not truly knowing if it was a guarantee I considered the unthinkable. Should I tease my future stepbrothers? Was I an idiot to even risk the repercussions of that? Evil won out. I had a brilliant idea. Racing upstairs I gathered up almost every pair of underwear I had, clean or dirty and put them in a basket. Dirty on top. I then hurried downstairs and started a load of regular clothes for Mom which was waiting on her to get home. Can't say I wasn't a good daughter and helped her out. Leaving my basket in front of the washer I went back to the kitchen on monitor duty. After the load finished washing I left it there on purpose hoping Troy or Brad would come home."
"I had almost given up on them, doing the dishes to keep busy. Finally it happened. Troy pulled up outside in his Ford Edge and I watched him open his hatchback to grab a big basket of laundry. Nervous now I ran upstairs to act as if I didn't know he had gotten home. From my bedroom I listened for the front door to open and close. Pacing my carpet I found myself eying my jersey in my dresser mirror. I had underwear on. Should I risk going commando? The tiny holes were enough to see flesh all the way down. The hem of the shirt barely covered my ass. With indecision I just did it. Shirt off I removed my bra and panties. Shirt back on I trembled. I went to my door and opened it. To my shock there was David."
"I jumped back holding a hand to my heart. He hadn't noticed anything yet outside of my tits bouncing slightly. He said nothing but warned me that Troy was home. I told him I had Mom's laundry in the washer and dryer and I should probably get them out so Troy could use them. He thanked me for helping Mom out. Easing past David i charged downstairs. No way that David did not look at me walk away. Sunlight through a skylight over the staircase a help in seeing my skin through the shirt. At the landing before the second set of steps I looked up at David. All I got was a smile. I smiled back. So far so good. I pressed on."
"Shuffling through the kitchen I feigned ignorance grabbing tea from the fridge. As I stood there in the sunlight from the kitchen window I heard Troy exit the mudroom and enter the laundry area off to it's left. I heard him grumble at the washer in use after opening it. He had just nudged my basket aside. I crept closer to sneak a peek at his actions. Without noticing me he sat his basket on the dryer and examined the laundry. Finicky about touching other peoples clothes he hesitated. His attention wavered looking down at my basket of underwear."
"I was right he took the bait. Quiet as a mouse I waited until he bent down to sift through my undies. I was nearly busted when he took a pair of my panties and began to sniff it, choosing first to look back and listen for noises. Convinced he was alone he inhaled my panties. I even heard him say Damn Violet smells good. I clenched my fist triumphantly. Troy at least had thoughts about me. Brad would be tested another day."
"Devious me decided to catch him. Stepping in I gave him hell, telling him I saw what he just did. He denied it and stood facing me holding the pair behind his back. He could have just as easily dropped my panties back into my basket. I rolled my eyes at him and continued giving grief. Stepping up to him chest to chest I darted from side to side to prove him a liar by seeing my panties in his hand. In our duel I brushed my chest against him numerous times laughing about it. I told him to just fess up and give me my underwear."
"Finally, he said he needed the washer and asked me to get my stuff out of it. I told him it was Mom's which made him fidget with a bit of embarrassment. Hitting him in the arm I growled and turned my back to him. Opening the washer I gathered up Mom's stuff and then leaned over to open the dryer door. In bending over I know my shirt revealed my bare ass. It took me four times to snatch up all of Mom's things and free up the washer. Once done I had to stretch high to get dryer sheets from a shelf. Definitely full butt shot. A snapped glance over my shoulder I saw his eyes staring right at it. Troy was drooling."
"I played along and let him soak up the view as I started the dryer. Turning I told him it was all his. He looked up at me as if I was offering him my body. I rolled my eyes and retrieved my tea glass from a folding table. By then he had discarded my panties into my basket. Sneering at Troy I wagged a finger and said don't let me catch you sniffing my panties again. He chuckled saying Whatever. Another punch to his bicep I took off running. I hoped he might chase me. He definitely fulfilled my wish. Squealing to escape I warned him I'd tell his Dad tossing my glass in the sink to avoid spilling it. Troy shrugged off my threat and continued chasing me out into the living room. It was so thrilling. I let him catch me finally as he hurled us both on to the couch."
"I kicked wildly at him laughing, knowing he could see my pussy. He crushed me under his weight and tickled me until I nearly pissed. I crumpled up into a ball begging him to stop. Finally he did and dropped to sit on the floor in front of me. I reluctantly sat up prepared for another sneak attack, my legs parted ready to kick. He stared between my legs with a puzzled look. He dared to ask me why I wasn't wearing panties. I closed my legs faking surprise. He scowled and let on that I was teasing him. I denied it trying my darnedest to be convincing. Even blushing on command."
"Shaking his head he got up and walked back to the laundry room. I snuck behind him at a distance and watched him dump his load into the washer, add soap and prepare to drop the lid. Before he did I took the biggest risk of my family life and removed my jersey. I tossed it over his shoulder and ran for my life. Squealing like crazy fleeing upstairs he ran out to see me naked on the second flight. I scurried to my bedroom and slammed the door. OMG! I had probably ruined my family morals forever. I saw a shadow beneath my door and held my breath."
"I hadn't locked the door, all he needed to do was barge in. Hurtling myself into bed I pulled my sheets over my body expecting Troy to enter. The knob turned after a faint knock and I hid half of my face. To my shock it wasn't Troy. It was his Father David. I bulged my eyes as his head appeared. He asked me if everything was alright. Terrified by the unexpected arrival I revealed my face and lay there wet as heck. I started to tell David I was fine but suddenly I felt daring yet again. Pushing my limits was becoming addictive. Instead I chose to tell him no. I acted emotional on cue pouting and trying to form a tear. Not easy let me tell you."
"David asked if he could come in and talk with me. I nodded and said yes. I was going to do the unthinkable and tease David. This was going to be a true test of David's loyalties. If I let him see me naked and he didn't tell my Mom I would know he liked seeing me. Keeping it a secret from her in the off chance that he could see me naked again sometime. If he kept quiet about it I was game. It was just fun and games to me. Not sex."
"He casually closed the door behind him and strolled over to the side of my bed. I was covered up so he sighed and sat down next to me. Last time he saw me in the light I knew he could see skin from head to toe through my jersey so I could guess what was on his mind. Asking me if I wanted to talk about it I whimpered and told him I didn't know where to start. Truthfully I hadn't thought this through. I settled on boy problems. I used Jamie as my crutch. I admitted he asked me out but I was worried he might get...fresh."
"I instantly used the I've never been with a boy before. David hadn't known about my first attempt at sex. Not even my Mom knew I lost my virginity. I just cleaned myself up that day and healed my pride. He chuckled and said Wow! I never saw that coming. He laughed about the Birds and the Bees talk that my Mom should be telling me not him. I sat up holding my sheet to my chest, letting him see my shoulders. He raised an eye brow expecting me to have my shirt on, the shock made him cough into his hand. I asked him sweetly to tell me what was right and wrong should I be alone with Jamie. I went so far as to reach over to my bedside stand to acquire my cell. In doing so my sheet revealed my left hip and he saw my bare back. It was quick as I straightened up to find Jamie's picture that he sent me of his face. I forced his picture at David in hopes he might relax."
"As David took my cell to examine Jamie better i rose to my knees to nestle behind David's back. My entire backside was open with my sheet held in front of me. If he had only looked left into my mirror he could have seen me. I was intoxicated by taunting the one person I hadn't planned on teasing. I was committed now to see how far this might go. He lingered with my cell saying Jamie looked like a good kid. I rested an elbow on his shoulder with a doubtful sigh. I told David that I knew zilch about sex. Playing innocent he believed me. Reaching a hand up he patted my hair and caved. What did I want to know he asked. I just sighed and released my sheet to throw both arms around his neck. The sheet fell past my tits and my nipples taunted his back through his shirt. He had to have known but chose to pat my arms as I kissed him on the cheek thanking him. Releasing him I snatched my sheet up and covered myself again, it was held loosely. I was still poised to be seen in my mirror. Asking for my cell I kept Jamie's picture opened and fawned over it while sitting back on my feet."
"David shifted sideways facing my mirror to look back at me, still not directly looking at the mirror itself. Only a matter of time I thought. I intended to set there until he noticed for better or worse. As I lowered my cell I looked David in the eye, he had difficulty staring back understandably. I pouted and asked him what I should do if I wanted him to undress me. He cleared his throat and looked down rather than at me or the mirror. He suggested I just let things come naturally avoiding the explanation. I asked him to go into detail. He pinched the bridge of his nose becoming nervous."
"Part of me felt badly for even chancing this. It could destroy my Mom if he informs her. I keep hoping deep down that he doesn't let Mom in on this. No matter the consequences I kept going. Pouting even harder I manage a tear and snivel a little. He finally relents and points at me. Warning me that anything he tells me stays in this room. I nod repeatedly my agreement. He then suggests something unexpected, that we roleplay Jamie and I to a degree without going too far. I act shocked and say I like the idea but question him what he meant by too far. He chuckles lightly and mumbles to himself how dumb that sounded. He didn't know where to begin let alone end."
"Sitting there I waited for him to figure it out. Adding fuel to the fire I asked if Jamie did get me naked what should I allow him to do. Kiss me?"
"He flares his eyes and mulls it over. Eventually he questions me wondering if I really wanted this Jamie to undress me? Do you like this boy enough for that? In reply I said yes. He then asked where are the two of you when this happens? My answer was I guess in his bed. We can act like my bed is his if you still want to show me what Jamie might do I offered. He nods reluctantly."
"Suddenly, a knock at my door makes David jump. He had literally forgotten his son Troy was here. Eyes bulging he panics and glances in my mirror to see me nude from the backside. He pauses to look at the mirror then me. As the door opens Troy doesn't barge in like she expected. Instead he tosses her jersey in saying you forgot something. The door closed quickly and David listened to hear footsteps head back downstairs. David turns back to me and winces. I immediately play the game acting with a shrug. Telling David I threw it in the wash. It was half true. He knew he needed to get out of my room but something kept him here. Calming his nerves he sits back down on my bed further to the foot. I scoot on my knees to face him rather than expose my back to him. Tease. Tease. Tease."
"I apologized if the interruption spooked him and decided that maybe I should just let David run away. Yet he did sit back down. It was obvious he wanted to play along thinking me truly naïve. I was ready. He told me he would help me understand things as best as he could. I thanked him by leaning forward to hug him dead on face to face. Only with one arm around him this time. I knew he would probably look over my shoulder and down at my ass. What caught me off guard was that his arms wrapped around me and rubbed my back. Clear down to my waist before stopping. Settling away from him I went into actress mode saying Hi Jamie."
"He swallowed and replied back with Hi Violet. From there I told Jamie I was inexperienced and to take things slow. Jamie agreed. David did at least. I acted really shy and told Jamie I wasn't against kissing. David froze as I puckered my lips and leaned forward. David cringed a bit but didn't run. Leaning in he pecks my lips. I pout and say not that slow Jamie."
"David tried again. This time I kissed him harder. OMG! I was kissing my Mother's man. What was I doing? Why was I not putting an end to my idiot teasing? He kissed me back making my thoughts muddled. David was actually a pretty good kisser. On par with Scott definitely. Strangely I slipped David the tongue and he accepted it. I kind of lost track of the time in that moment. As David eases me back by my shoulders he stares at me without expression. I added more fuel by saying You don't find me appealing Jamie? David only nodded and swallowed harshly again. He couldn't form words so I asked him, do you want me Jamie? David nods again with fluttering eyelids. I was having a very deep effect on him for certain. David was not a large man in stature rather medium build and somewhat meek. Handsome none the less. I had no trouble teasing him. He definitely didn't run."
"Do you want to undress me Jamie? I await David's nod then offer a yearning expression. Was I going to lose my sheet? I know I intended to let him remove it if he wanted to see me. But would he go that far? He had already seen my backside. OMG! The tension was thick. David's hands rise up pinching my sheet, softly asking me if I was sure. I told David if Jamie treated me like he was doing she would say yes. David cracks his neck with uncertainty but ends up peeling the sheet from my grasp. He held the sheet all the way down until it curtained up over my legs. His eyes took in my body inch by inch. As he saw my complete nudity I whispered the question Do you like what you see? Minus Jamie as the directed character. David nods again. I should have stopped there. HA! Are you kidding? This was hot as hell watching him squirm. My Mom's man wanted me. No sex but I decided to continue."
"You can touch me Jamie. Anywhere you want I expressed an eagerness. David took a deep breath and chose to palm my breasts. I trembled at his touch mumbling I want you Jamie. David instantly lowered his face in to kiss my neck. I shivered at his lips recalling Scott and Kyle both kissing in the same area. I was really getting turned on. I knew this couldn't go much further. Rubbing David's back I whimpered for David to stop, that Jamie would have to wait. I wasn't as ready as I thought. He didn't stop guiding me backwards and I toppled back on to my mattress. I wasn't prepared for him to continue but I suddenly shut up and let him continue kissing my neckline. Moving down to my nipples I cringed as he sucked on one after the other. I sighed and tried to alter this course by swaying David with, Jamie? I'm not ready please."
"Light kissing trailed down my belly closing in on my pussy. I quaked into panic mode and patted David on top of his head as I felt warm exhales over my clit. OMG! David stop! I patted him more aggressively. His tongue licked my clit and I yelped almost wanting to use my fist on him but couldn't. This was all my fault taunting him until he couldn't stop. I didn't want to use the I'll tell Mom card. I needed secrecy. Finally, I gave up and let David eat me out. No part of not moaning was acceptable. I couldn't help myself. Hearing footsteps on the stairwell I bulged my eyes. A knock at my door brought David's wet face up from my thighs. The shock of hearing Troy again made him wipe his face on my sheet and leap up to straighten out his clothes. He didn't know what to do. I answered by calling out I'm napping. What?"
"David tiptoed to the blindside of my door in case it opened. I left my bed and picked my jersey up from the floor slipping it on. David was ready to stroke out I think. I opened my bedroom door to see Troy standing there. He told me that he put my laundry in the washer. I said cool thanks and that I'd be down in a minute. Closing my door I smiled sheepishly at David. Wagging a finger at him I said Bad Jamie. No means no."
"He sighed heavily an apologized for losing his mind. I told him to shush I had no plans on telling Mom. Relieved at hearing that he shook his head and hugged me. I wasn't pulling away even when his hands clutched my ass. I had to giggle and tell him stop. I didn't tell him I did this on purpose but I did tell him I might have more questions about what to do with Jamie at another time. I left him with a question as I opened up my bedroom door making certain Troy was not outside. My question was...what's a hand job?"
"Shrugging at David I left him with the torture of roleplaying Jamie again in his mind and showing me how to jerk him off. I motioned him out and he quietly headed to his bedroom. I was loving this shit."
"Scurrying down our stairs in nothing but the jersey I went into the living room where I heard the television. Seeing Troy I leaned over the back of the couch and palmed my hands over his eyes. Saying guess who? He growled back is it the town Streaker? I said maybe. He snatched up my wrists and held me there chuckling. He had to know why I stripped off my jersey earlier and threw it at him. I said I was just messing with him. He then insisted that it was because I wanted him to chase her into her bedroom. Again I relaxed and told him to get a life. Troy was pretty strong. He worked out at school quite a bit just to impress girls. It impressed me. I tried to pull away but he wouldn't let me go. No matter how I resisted he refused. Losing my cool I spouted off Come on Troy let me go."
"Instead he drug me forward until my feet left the floor. As I lay on my tummy over the couch back I was face to face with him but upside down. This was kind of erotic I thought. He antagonized me with Admit it."
"What? That I wanted you to chase me into my bedroom I asked? He smirked and licked my nose. Wincing I said gross. It was and wasn't. Now he was teasing me. Dragging me further over, my face buried into his abs while his was in my breasts. The bastard motorboated my tits laughing. OMG! I struggled a bit more when he bit my right nipple through my jersey. OWWW! I laughed. I seriously had no leverage to fight back. Pulling my arms wide I couldn't touch the sofa and my legs weren't where I could propel myself over without hurting myself. I accepted my fate and told Troy You suck."
"He bantered back with I bet you suck better than me. The second he got that out he yanked me forward until my face was buried in his crotch. My shirt open wide at my hips placed my pussy right into Troy's face. OMG! He nuzzled his face in my labia. I squealed and quivered at the same time. With my face compressed over his pretty obvious erection all I could do was mumble What are you doing? He stuck his tongue up inside my pussy and I gasped. I found my legs doing the splits to each of his shoulders and letting him feed on me. This was fine by me having been turned on by David. I needed to get off. The question nagging me was what was expected of me in return. I wasn't wanting Troy to fuck me but I'd settle for being eaten out no problem. With my face over his dick I worried he might demand a blowjob."
"As I moaned and contorted my face at just how talented Troy was I made the mistake of opening my mouth wide. My face pressed as it was lie directly over the girth of his erection. If it were out of his jeans I'd be in trouble. The longer I lay there reeling I could feel his cock twitching and actually growing. I was in terror of it suddenly. I hadn't ever once thought of the size of Troy or Brad. I told myself I might need to chill on this family teasing. I was going to end up getting fucked. Damn it Troy. I wanted to cum. In a chance release Troy removed his grip on my hands to curl his arms around my legs and grip my ass cheeks. I felt his fingers prying my crack wider. OMG! He pulled me closer and licked my ass hole. Shit! That sent shockwaves through my entire body. Using my reclaimed hands I lifted my face away enough to cough up a troubled You're going to make me cum Troy."
"He didn't bother to answer back as he savagely devoured both holes, seconds with one, then the other. FUCK! I snapped. I was almost to the brink of insanity when we heard the back door slam. Troy halted his hunger to listen. Heavy footfalls meant it wasn't my Mom. David was upstairs so that left only...Brad was home too. Too perfect."
"Before Troy could give up on me I had to keep him interested until Brad could catch us. The only thing I thought of was what I really didn't want. Closing my eyes at the idea I reached in to unzip Troy's jeans. Digging in I found his cock and whimpered as I brought it out for air. CHRIST! Troy was at least seven inches and nearly as thick as a pop can. I examined his dick for safety reasons praying if he had something bad he would have sense enough to stop me. I heard Troy tell me do it. Puffing my cheeks I licked his dick and kissed his mushroom. He instantly returned to eating me out. I intentionally moaned loudly hoping to attract Brad. It worked. Brad called out from the kitchen with Troy? Vi? I moaned again and heard Brad laugh and ask if Troy was watching a porno. Marching in he catches us in full mode and I hear Brad gasp Whoa! That intensified my cock sucking. I swallowed Troy until I gagged."
"Brad stepped around to face us and sat on the edge of the coffee table. We hear Are you two nuts? Laughing inside I pull Troy's balls free and point them out to Brad. He knew I was saying Yes. Brad chuckled at my improv and folded his arms watching us. Removing my mouth from Troy's dick I stroked him to keep him satisfied. Peering up at an angle I choke up You're home late."
"Brad nodded that I was right. He then eyed my ass in the air and reached over to do a drum roll on my cheeks. He then sat back down and told me I had a sweeter ass than he imagined. That made my day. I thanked him and whimpered at Troy's devastation. Brad knew I was on the brink of orgasm. Goading me he rises over me again and fingers my ass hole. I lost it instantly. I squirted all over Troy's face drowning his shirt. In response Troy shook his head rapidly like a slobbering dog and joked about my tasting like chicken. I barely deciphered what he had said due to my orgasm."
"My eyes rolling back I was deprived of my sight. Once I recovered enough to understand what was happening next I found my head being held down over Troy's cock. He had put it back in my mouth and was making me finish him. As my eyes bulged I looked to Brad in hopes he might save me. Boy was I wrong. Brad had whipped his own dick out and was slapping it on my cheek. OMG! I didn't want this. My teasing had been taken advantage of again. I'm so fucking stupid I thought. At least I think I thought that. My brain was dizzy from my orgasm. To make matters worse Troy had decided to finger fuck me viciously. There was no escaping this one. I cried out loudly with my mouth muffled by his cock."
"As I lost my cognition I felt Brad pull me up by my hair and replace Troy's dick with his own. He was now holding both sides of my head and fucking my face. I felt Troy easing out from under me but keeping his fingers inside me. I heard what I thought was Brad telling me I've wanted your mouth around my cock for a year now. Good to know Brad. I could have been wrong, but somehow I doubt it. Feeling Troy get up from under me worried me immensely. I prayed he wasn't going to fuck me from behind. Hearing them talk about me clued me in on their fantasies of fucking their baby sister even if we weren't related. At least I knew they wanted me. I got more than I wished for."
"Feeling Troy remove his fingers from my pussy it was easy enough to know I was doomed. His dick plunged deep into my pussy and I tensed up crying out over Brad's dick. With the headlock he had me in I couldn't move. Flailing Troy again snatched up my hands and held them behind my back. Together they destroyed my mind. With every strike across my G-spot I didn't want it to end. I caused this. I endured this. Once Brad came in my mouth I choked on his flood. He held me there until I swallowed every drop. Won't lie pretty tasty."
"Pulling free of my mouth I coughed heavily feeling Brad snatch up my hair and lift my head back. He crouched in front of me nudging the coffee table back to look me in the eye. Patting my cheek to gain eye contact Brad asked me if I liked his Brother's cock in my little pussy?"
"I sniveled teary eyed, mostly from being face fucked so hard. I whimpered and gave up. Yes was my answer. He then proceeded to ask me further questions as Troy pounded my pussy. Do you want my dick in that pussy next Vi? I winced and said Yes. Further questions led to Are you a slut? I hesitated to consider the dilemma of admitting to that. Regardless I mumbled, Yes."
"OMG! I'm so stupid. I couldn't say no. It wasn't in my vocabulary now that I've tasted true intercourse. I might not have been a virgin but I felt like one. My future brothers were making certain I knew what it was all about. Brad continued with Do you want us to fuck you more often? YES I blurted spitting on him by accident. As I heard Troy snarling behind me I panicked and begged Troy not to cum inside me. I wasn't even on birth control. Thankfully he listened and pulled out of me, deciding to jerk off over my ass. I felt droplets of warm cum swarm my behind and dropped my jaw from amazement. Before I could think Troy released my hands and I fell limp."
"Brad drug me around on my knees and flopped on to the sofa . Holding my hair still I followed him up into his lap just to avoid losing hair. It was kind of painful. Facing him I straddled his lap and he prompted his dick up inside me, ordering me to ride him. I did. As he let my hair go he trusted me to ride him on my own. Choosing instead to squeeze my breasts by running his hands up the front of my shirt as I hopped up and down on him. Feeling constricted by it I took my shirt off for them. Troy chuckled sitting down next to Brad watching me. It was his turn for questions. I trembled heavily as Brad drew me closer to kiss my nipples."
"Troy led off with have you had anal? I bulged my eyes and said No. I didn't want that either. I knew it would hurt like hell. I begged them not to. Troy told me with a strict look that he was going to next time. I pouted and nodded Okay. I endured Brad and came on his dick long before he tossed me back at Troy, hopping up to cum on my chest as I lay over his brother. OMG! That was intense. I trembled in their clutches for ten minutes before both of them got dressed and left me breathing heavily. I was a mess. Dizzy and dehydrated I made myself crawl to my feet and stumble upstairs. I was so out of it I left my jersey on the couch. At the top of the stairs I shuffled slowly toward my bedroom. Just before I reached it I looked down the hall and saw David standing in his doorway. I paused to realize that David was nude and fondling his cock. OH SHIT! is all I could think of."
"He cleared his throat and pointed toward his and my Mother's bedroom. I whined and made the trip to face him. David eyed my cum spotted chest and scowled. Troy or Brad he asked. I hesitantly said Both. Grimacing he told me my Mom had to drive up to Noblesville and wouldn't be back until late. He then pointed toward his office door on the other side of their room. It adjoined into David's office over the garage. He pulled me in and shut his bedroom door locking it. I was so lost after everything that had occurred I didn't have it in me to resist."
"Taking me by my hand he led me into his office and closed that door as well. Locked also he coaxes me to a small wash room and takes care in cleansing my body of his sons leftovers. I found his tenderness a stress reliever. I knew where this was going to go and I didn't beg him not to. Leading me beyond his desk to a smaller room designed as a guest room for emergencies, a small twin bed was set up. He let me go and stretched out on the mattress. Beside him on an end table was a bottle of lube. Arms behind his head he told me Jamie was waiting. No way was I ever going to be able to face the real Jamie after this. I set myself up and was paying the piper. I was going to have all three of the Larabee boys in one day."
"Crawling between David's legs I squirted lube into my palms and set the tube aside. I moved closer and curled both of my hands around his girth. Like Troy he was at least seven inches and thick. Moving my hands up and down making his dick slippery he complimented me on my ability. I smiled and thanked him saying I'm glad Jamie likes it. I fondled him aggressively driving him into admitting that he's wanted to fuck me forever. Unsettling a bit seeing as I was barely 18. I know he didn't mean it how it sounded so I blew it off. He realized how it sounded as well adding You know what I mean."
"Shrugging I didn't care either way. All I wanted was to make David cum and go to bed. I should have known it wasn't going to be that easy. Long before I could make him cum he tells me to sit on his dick. Puffing my cheeks I just did it. Why resist when I've come this far? Crawling over David I reach beneath me and guide his crown up into me. Going down I gasp at his girth. FUCK! That dick is big I said as I flared my eyes at his. Gyrating on him I think about my Mom and weep. He reaches up and places a hand between my tits and asks if I'm alright. I cried suddenly and collapsed forward into his arms bawling on his shoulder. Even though I expressed grief David chose to thrust up into me. Palming my face as I sniveled he asked me outright, Thinking about your Mom?"
"I nodded contorting my face with misery. He gave me the chance to go. I started to pull off of him then stopped. He winced at my change in tone. I had to ruin my perfectly good out. Riding him harder I sobbed saying I didn't want to fail him. He looked up in shock and pulled me down to kiss me. I accepted him as I had earlier and devoured his lips. In a mad roll David took me over on to my back and fucked me missionary. I relented to his desire and let him fuck me for over an hour. I moaned and told him repeatedly to fuck me more. A sudden insatiable beast rose up from the depths. Fucking became sensual love making. I loved it. He kissed me everywhere. I kissed him everywhere. In the end I sucked his dick dry claiming his cum. He adored me laying me to his side to cuddle with him. His caresses made me caress him in return, his chest, through his wet pubic area, down to squeeze his balls lightly. I loved exploring."
"David apologized for everything. He worried that I might tell my Mom now. I lifted away from him and softly kissed his lips again, after I whispered my sworn promise never to tell Mom. All I asked in return was that he love my Mom with all of his heart even if we had sex again in the future. He agreed. He then asked if I wanted to fuck again. I had no objections now. YES! He held me another ten minutes then sent me to my room. I showered to cleanse myself again and laid down in bed with my lights off. It wasn't dark outside yet, but I wanted to feel peace."
"Beside the bed my cell vibrated repeatedly. No rest for the weary, I looked at my texts to see Scott, Kyle, Chad, and Ian had left messages. Reading them I discovered all they wanted was sex. I would be more excited if I hadn't endured so much already today. It was pretty awesome even under pressure. I wouldn't call any of it rape when I enjoyed it enough to admit I wanted more. Would I put out to the brothers again? You know I would. David? Yes. The guys who had just left messages? Yes. Shutting my cell off before replying I already knew what I intended to say back in a mass text. Closing my eyes my last thought before a nap was this."
"I give up guys. After today I'm no longer opposed to intercourse. Lucky you."
"Possibly lucky me."
"Who was I kidding. I snatched my cell up and turned it back on. Kicking my sheets away I took pictures of my pussy in the dark with the flash on. I sent the photo out in that mass message with the text...Ready when you are."
"After my nap. LOL."
"Still not a slut. Am I? FUCK! Maybe I am. I wasn't looking for sex today. But, now that it's happened...UGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGH!"
"Let me take my nap. LOL."