We had decided to get some sleep as it was already late. The other 4 videos would still be there the next day, and for eternity. As much as we were both keen to watch another one before sleep, we agreed to put the phone on charge and crash out. I watched Ellie go for a pee, then went for one myself before snuggling into her and both falling asleep.
I'm a bit of a light sleeper, and midway through the night I woke up with my hard cock being grazed once more though this time I had taken my trunks off to sleep.
"Ellie, what are you doing?" I asked in my half slumber. I opened my eyes slightly to see she had her phone on.
"I woke up and couldn't help myself, I thought I might be able to wake you up."
I shut my eyes again, dead tired. "What's the time?" I managed to mumble.
"Porn time baby, you have to wake up and watch this with me."
I managed to open my eyes and could feel that my cock was already quite hard from Ellie teasing it with her nails.
"I'll rewind it to the start; this is so damn unbelievable. You can see our house from it."
I opened my eyes and we for in a position next to each other where we could both see the screen. Ellie continued to rake my cock with her nails gently as we watched the 4th video at a bit past 4am.
It started with the camera set on their back porch. The same one we had sat and had drinks with them on a few times. The camera was aimed at their sliding glass door. The door slid open, and out walked out sultry neighbour Ann. She was wearing black pants and a beige blouse, through which we could see the outline of her bra and had a shopping bag with her. She plonked the shopping bag down on the table and sat down in front of a glass of red wine. Ann had a few sips as she sat back, leaving a red lipstick stain on the glass.
She started to fidget with the top button of her blouse, then stopped contemplating, and decided to undo the first button.
She teased a finger around the top line of her bra cup, which we could now just see was beige like her blouse. This went on for a few mote seconds as she took another sip of her wine, as if pondering what she felt like doing.
It got the better of her, and she stood up and proceeded to undo the rest of her blouse buttons from the top down. Her beige t-shirt bra came into view as she pulled the short sleeve blouse off over her shoulders and off her arms. It was just a plain everyday bra,
Ann walked around on her deck for a short while, as if wondering if anyone could see her. The camera panned around, and we saw a glimpse of the upper level our house 2 doors up.
"Oh fuck, wow!" I exclaimed to Ellie, excited at the thought that if we were home and looking out our guest room window at the time this was being filmed, we would have had a tree filtered, but awesome view of the exhibitionist act that was about to unfold.
It was daytime, so we would not have been home if it was filmed through the week, and nor would the other neighbours whose houses and windows we could see in the video.
Ann now unbuttoned and unzipped her pants. She pushed them down off her hips, revealing matching beige panties and shook the pants down off her calves and feet.
I am definitely one who enjoys looking at a woman in sexy lingerie, as is Ellie, and probably you too dear reader, but the allure of seeing our neighbour Ann in everyday underwear was so real that it turned my already hard cock up another notch.
Ann walked to and for, again as if contemplating whether she should take another step toward nudity in the somewhat open view of her neighbours if they happened to be home.
Obviously having decided it was a good idea (we were sure it was again quite choreographed and planned to put the shy, innocent look on) Ann reached behind herself with one expert hand and unclipped her bra. She let it fall to the found where she was, and again looked around as if to scan whether anyone was possibly watching her.
With a final sideways glance, she slid her panties down, and they fell to the floor next to her bra.
Now free and naked, she rubbed her b cup tits as if the relieve them from being bound in her bra all day. After a small massage, she tilted her head back and ran her hands down her sides to her thighs, then across to meet in the middle at what was in this video a fully bald pussy. She spread her lips at the top with two fingers of one hand and slid the index finger of her other hand slowly down from the top of her slit, a long way down, and then back up. She released her lips and bought her index finger to her mouth and sucked it, not looking directly at the camera. We were in voyeur / spy mode again for this video.
Ann took another sip of her wine, then moved her attention to the shopping bag. She pulled a show box out of one bag and placed it on the table. She opened the box and pulled out a pair of sparkly silver heels and proceeded to place them on the wooden deck near her chair. She sat down and with legs spread, leaned forward to put the shoes on. Her small boobs now leaning forward wobbled a little as she did up and adjusted the straps on her new shoes.
The camera angle moved as Ann stood up and took a few steps toward their back glass sliding door. Bill positioned himself well to capture her naked back in the flesh, and Ann admiring the reflection of the front of herself in the glass door, also visible to the viewers (or if you prefer, voyeurs) of the video. Ann looked at herself in a few poses, then picked up her phone from the table and took a few photos of her reflection, naked apart from her shoes.
Ann placed the phone on the table next to her wine and drank the last sip of her wine down. Moving her attention back to the shopping bag, she pulled out the first items. she held up a green bra in both hands before proceeding to try it on. It was a single tone green with half cups, and lace at the top. Once she had settled it and adjusted its straps, she fished through the bag until she pulled out a green matching g-string. Her hands guided it over each silver shoe and slid it up over her hips. Again, Ann picked up the camera and inspected herself in the mirror. She took a few snaps and checked her phone as the video zoomed in to her hands and phone, scrolling through 4 poses of her in her new outfit, and then another 4 of her naked except the high heels.
Seeming to have forgotten the whole shy check over the shoulder gig, Ann now having taken her snapshots removed her new lingerie and placed it on the table. She bent down and picked up her beige underwear and also placed it on the table. Then she closed her eyes and put her hand back in the bag lucky dip style. She opened her eyes as she pulled out and then held up a red garter to inspect in the air before digging back into the bag and taking out a box. As she placed the box on the table it was evident that it was matching red stockings.
Ann proceeded to step into the garter and shimmied it up to sit on her waist. She opened the box and pulled out two thigh high lace topped red stockings and shook them out of their folded packaging presentation until they hung loosely from her hand. She sat down again to take off her heels, this time putting her feet on the opposing knee, revealing a great view of her shaven haven. With her shoes off, she rolled her first stocking up and slid it gently up over her foot calf and thigh until the lace band reached its destination high up her thigh. She stretched her leg out and smiled contentedly before she did the same on the other leg.
Ann popped her heels back on and stood up. The support elastics of her garter were hanging loose, so it was time to clip them up. She got the front ones clipped to the stockings easy enough but had to do the back ones rather blindly. I'm not sure if it was intentional or if she was just having difficulty, but after a few attempts, Ann ended up spreading her legs apart and bending over. One hand between her legs and one around the side to clip the back clasps to the stockings. Bill positioned himself well to capture the struggle from behind, offering an enticing view of her asshole and pussy as Ann fumbled around trying to clip the small clip onto each stocking.
"Mm" Ellie let out at the sight of her rear exposure. "I bet you'd love to lick that."
Being chivalrous, I replied "Ladies first. I'll watch while you lick her then I'll slide myself in that tight little asshole."
"Mm" Ellie replied, now rubbing her clit with one hand and still grazing my hard cock with the nails of her other. "We should watch the rest if this from the guest room with the blinds open. "
"That is actually tempting, but I'm nice and warm here, it will be too cold to get out of bed.
Ellie paused the video and insisted. She threw the blanket off and grabbed my cock hard. Come on, it will be fun. Just until this one ends, then I'll sit on your face for a few minutes before we go back to sleep.
A man can't argue with certain logic, so we got up, I kicked the aircon on to a higher heat in the guest room, Ellie grabbed her vibrator, and off we went.
We left the lights off as we entered the guest room. Ellie opened the blinds. We could not see much, and nobody could see in, but it certainly added to the thrill that we were in a room where we would have been able to see Anns escapades if we had been home on the day they filmed it.
Ellie whispered to me "I've actually seen them in the spa from here a few times. Clothed, but it was a bit sexy watching them."
"Ellie." I replied in normal volume voice, "A, you don't have to whisper, no one can hear you except for me. B, you perverted lady, and C, you never told me that before. We both peeped out the window and could see the dim glow of a blue light in their spa through the tree branches.
"I actually masturbated in here one day while I was watching them
I've only seen them a few times in there."
"Oh, you naughty little slut." I teased. "You should have come and got me, I would have loved to see you rubbing one out and telling me what you were thinking while you watched."
Rather than answer, she moved her head down to my cock and started to suck me.
I got her phone and clicked record as she sucked my cock, the blinds open, and unlikely to be seen, but I gazed out the window toward the spa and imagined Ellie fantasising about being in the spa with myself Ann and Bill, clothes coming off and Bill sliding his cock into Ellies pussy as Ellie licked Anns pussy and ass as she bent over in a doggy position. It was all too much, I felt myself unleash without warning into Ellie's mouth. She squeezed my cock while it was still in her mouth and then released me. "Guess that makes up for me not telling you." she said. I leaned over and kissed her salty mouth, tasting myself on her tongue. "Now let's watch the end of this movie and go to sleep in here with the blinds open." Ellie suggested with a giggle. Again, a man can't argue with certain logic, so we did.
Ellie pressed stop on the recording and quickly watched herself sucking my cock. "This is NOT going on the internet!" she joked as she navigated back to Anns video and put her vibrator to work on her clit.
Ann dug into the bag once again. She fished out a red and black lace set of panties. They were very sheer and extremely see through. She dropped them on the table, then pulled out a matching bra, also extremely sheer.
"Ooh that's nice." Ellie joyfully said.
I nodded in agreement in the dim light of the phone, streetlights and moon.
Ann put the bra on first, we watched her tits move around slightly and her hard nipples poking at the thin material as she adjusted her straps. She then grabbed her camera and again took selfies in the glass door mirror from various angles. She returned to the table and standing, put her panties on, over her heels, up over her stocking clad legs and the garter straps until they nestled nicely just below her garter. She went back to the glass door for more snaps, and then looked at the photos on her phone, Bill zooming into her camera as she scrolled through the selfies she had just taken.
Back to the table once more, strutting like a true slut in her stilettos, and Ann reached into the bag for a final time. We heard the first noise escape her mouth for the video. "Ooh baby." Ann pulled another box out which was white, discreet and unlabelled. She quickly opened it and pulled out a rabbit vibrator and a charger USB cord. Ann dropped the cord on the table and said, "Let's hope you're as juiced up as I am and that I don't need to charge you yet.'
She pressed the button, and we could hear the vibrator start. She cycled through the various vibration patterns until she found one that she wanted to play with. Probably the most erratic pattern that we heard. On off on off on for a long time and then the motor would slow to a stop and a high pitch noise, then it would wind back up again and repeat.
A smile appeared on her lips and a feint "Mm" escaped her closed lips.
Ann sat down on a chair and bent her legs up in the air as she sat back against the chair.
She ran the vibrator over each nipple for a few seconds before pressing it against her panties. She started to run it slowly up and down the crease of her pussy lips through the sheer material of her panties. Bill zoomed in and we could see her panties were becoming slick and wet as she pushed harder against the material and deeper toward her clit and inner lips. She took the vibrator away for a few seconds and her thin layer of mesh had been pushed in between her moist lips. Ann opened the waist of her panties, and we could see the vibrator through the material, slowly moving, and now directly on her clit. She changed the vibration mode a few times, and within a minute or two, her legs began to spasm, and she took the vibrator away from her clit and swollen lips.
Ann caught her breath briefly. Then stood up and pulled her panties down to her ankles. She bent over the table giving us a view again of her asshole and pussy, then inserted the vibrator deep inside her wet begging pussy. She began slowly pulling it out and pushing it in, big, long deep deliberate strokes.
Her pumping increased in vigour until she was slamming the vibrator so hard in and out that the table she was bent over started moving and she almost lost her balance in her heels.
This sent Ellie over the edge again. Infelt the gust bed shake a little as Ellies body tremored through another orgasm.
Having put on an amazing show of exhibitionism in her own backyard with the risk that a neighbour could have seen her at any time, Ann counted her losses, and sucked the vibrator clean. She did dip it in her pussy 3 more times and suck it again, but who could blame her for doing that.
She sat down, put the vibrator on the table next to the bras and panties she had paraded earlier and discarded, then removed her shoes and gave her feet a rub, likely sore from wearing brand new heels and the energetic last act.
Ann walked inside for half a minute, not followed by the camera, and appeared again with a bottle of red wine. She poured herself another glass, then walked over to the spa. She pushed the button on the control panel, and shortly was rewarded with bubbles.
Ann carefully lowered herself into the spa, wine in hand, still dressed like a slut. Now for the first time in the video, she acknowledged the presence of the camera, giving a wink and blowing a kiss. The video ended.
"Isn't she amazing!" Ellie burst out.
"Bloody oath, and don't forget Bill, getting those great angles with the video." I ran my finger down lovingly from Ellies nose to one of her nipples. "Now, let's get back to sleep, and we can watch the rest tomorrow."
"You mean later today, its Saturday already"
"Smartass" I replied poking her nipple in with my finger. "I wonder if we will see them out the front on the weekend. Maybe we should do some gardening and hang out in the front yard."
"And say what to them smarty-pants?" Ellie responded poking my in the belly
"You just want to get into one of her porno movies as an extra, don't you?"
"ha-ha" I pondered the idea for a second, seeking a good comeback. "I'd prefer to see you in a porno with her. Maybe watch you eating her shaved little snatch." I dug a bit further. "And Bill slamming his cock inside your pussycat"
"Mm, you line it up and I'll let you film it." she replied as if the though had already crossed her mind. "Anyway, like you said, let's get back to sleep."
So, we snuggled back into slumber, in our guest room, with the blinds open as agreed. I went to sleep anticipating the morning, pondering the possibility Ellie would wake me up saying they were in the spa. The possibility of seeing our older Porn star neighbours out walking their dog. The possibility of Ellie having a threesome with them while I filmed. The endless possibilities ran through my mind as I'm sure they did Ellies as we fell asleep...
TBC...