Disclaimer: Everyone in the story is 18 years old or older at all points. Any resemblance to any person, living or dead, is happenstance.
I had always heard that significant changes in your life don't happen when you plan them. Sure, you can plan a wedding or when you graduate from college. But the most significant changes will happen unexpectedly. That is what happened to me.
It was on a rainy Tuesday afternoon. I received a company-wide memo. It instructed everyone to be in the office Wednesday without exception. I remember walking into the office, and everyone was so nervous.
We had several hushed conversations, wondering what was happening as we waited. Finally, at 9 am, we were all gathered in the main lunchroom. The HR manager pulled a small group of people aside, including me, and told us to proceed to the HR department.
I thought I had done something. Instead, I discovered that the group sent to HR was the only employees retained after the downsizing. The economic changes had caused some of the key investors to pull out.
The cuts were brutal; only 38 people kept their jobs when the dust settled. Of that, my department only kept four.
After the dust settled, management decided it would only maintain our installations rather than take on any new work. That was because I was the only developer left after the cuts. In addition, a rumor said that the remaining investors would have shut down the company if it weren't for lawsuits.
I have always had a good relationship with my boss. He told me I was kept over some of the other developers because I was several months pregnant.
The job market in St. Paul was not very good, and no one would hire a pregnant woman in any economy. They would not say that to your face, but that was the reality of the job market. The closer I was to giving birth, the lower the prospects were of getting anyone to hire me, no matter how skilled I was.
We needed the money from my job and the insurance to pay for the baby. The layoffs also meant that I would no longer get overtime pay and that things would be tight.
I am so happy it's finally the three-day weekend at that. I thought as I woke up to the sounds of birds outside.
No use lying in bed any longer grinding over things I could not change, so I climbed out of bed not to wake Ken. He was still sleeping.
He worked all the hours he could to put aside money for when I had to stop working. Neither of us had any illusions that I would be going back once I left the company on maternity leave. I would be lucky to get any kind of work for months.
I went to the bathroom, pulled my gown over my head, and tossed it into the hamper. Then, looking in the mirror, I examined the changes in my body. I had to admit that at 26, I still had a lovely body, even if I was getting a little more prominent in the middle.
My breasts had always been a little large for my 5'1" frame. They were usually 36C, but at five months pregnant, I guessed I was now closer to 40D. My belly was pushing out a little, and my size two clothes no longer fit, but I had not ballooned out as some women do.
Turning sideways, I could see that my ass was almost as tiny as before getting pregnant. I was hoping that I would get my figure back after the pregnancy. I know that Ken hoped that I would keep the larger breasts.
I brushed my teeth, threw on a jogging suit, and entered the kitchen. Then, putting a pot of coffee on, I sat in the kitchen, looking out the back window at the park behind our house.
We bought the house because the park was so close and had a lot of trails and playgrounds. We both loved the outdoors and wanted to have kids who would have somewhere safe to play.
I could see people walking on the trails and riding their bikes next to the ball courts. It looked like a beautiful day to be outside. I would get Ken up in an hour and get breakfast at the bagel vendor next to the park.
Grabbing a cup of coffee, I logged in to my computer.
I checked my email. Normal crap. That done, I started looking for advice on cribs and car seats on a few different parenting sites.
Unfortunately, most of the links were to marketing sites belonging to the manufacturers or distributors and not the impartial advice I sought.
I finally found a blog with what I was looking for and spent the next half an hour browsing the posts. Not finding what I was looking for, I entered the chat area, wanting to know what others were discussing.
"I want to know why all the marketing for babies is towards the mothers. I have as much say in my daughter's clothes as her mother does," David wrote.
"Mothers make most of the decisions for them," Gina wrote.
"That is sexist," David shot back.
"If you carried the kid inside you for nine months and had your body destroyed, you would have a vote in this," Gina wrote.
I asked if someone would help me with my questions. "I am a first-time mom and want a safe crib and car seat for my child. Any ideas?"
"You are in the wrong forum, dear," David wrote. "The only discussion here is why men have no say in what their kids wear."
"Maybe your wife would listen to you if you knew something," Gina said.
Getting help here was not an option. I moved my mouse up to close the browser when I got a notice of a private chat request from Mr. Thompson.
I accepted the request and opened a new window.
"Hello," I typed.
"I want to apologize for the others. They have been going at it for about an hour, and most of the rest of us have left." Mr. Thompson replied.
"I understand. I was leaving myself before I got your invite. Can you help me?" I replied.
"That would depend on what kind of help you need. LOL. Why don't we start over, and you can tell me your name...."
"I am so sorry. I don't know where my manners are. My name is Lisa, and I am a new mother looking for suggestions. I need to buy a crib before the baby gets here. I will also need a car seat to bring it home from the hospital," I told the person in the chat.
"Nice to meet you, Lisa. My name is Mr. Thompson, and I think I can help with the suggestions. Do you have a price range or a brand preference?" he wrote.
"No preferences, and the price, well, things are tight, so I want something good but not too expensive. Mr. Thompson? Mr. is a funny first name. LOL," I wrote back, "Do you have a real first name?"
"Most people call me Mr. Thompson, but I guess it won't hurt if you call me by my first name," he wrote back.
I waited to see if he was going to type anymore. Then, after it looked like he would not say anything else, I sent another message to him.
"So, what would your first name be?" I asked.
"You, my dear, can call me Pop," he replied.
I was getting annoyed at his responses. "Are you going to help me or not?"
"I don't know why you are giving me attitude, dear. I took time out of my day to try to help you, and this is the thanks I get from you?" he replied.
I felt like an ass because he was right. I should not have gotten snarky when he did nothing to deserve it.
"Sorry, it's been a bad week, and all I wanted to do was do some planning. We won't have much extra money, and I didn't want to buy things I would hate later," I responded.
"I am sure being a new mother is stressful, but you can still follow the rules of a civilized society, dear. "He replied.
"It's more than just being a new mother. My company let most people go, and my workload has gone up. I don't know if I will still be there when I give birth, and I am sure I won't have a job to return to after the baby is born."
"Why don't you start at the beginning and tell me what the problems are? Then, afterward, I am sure that we can figure out something to help," Pop told me.
We spent the next hour talking about my job, the downsizing at my company, and how my pregnancy would hurt my career. Pop listened, and as I ran out of things to say, the topic turned to more personal items.
"Have you and Ken been able to spend quality time together? I know you said he was working crazy hours to save up for when you took leave," he asked.
"Sadly, not as much as I would like. Ken works seven days a week anymore, and since I started showing, Ken seems reluctant to touch me," I told him.
"Maybe you should initiate sex instead of waiting until he has time. Is he still in bed?" he asked.
"The last I checked, he was," I replied.
"What does he wear to bed?" he asked.
"He sleeps in his boxers."
"Why don't you go up and gently pull back the covers? Then, pull your husband's dick out of his boxers and start licking him. If that doesn't wake him up, slip his dick into your mouth and start sucking."
"I couldn't do that. Ken pisses out of that thing," I told Pop.
"It's a dick, not a thing, dear. Are you telling me that you have never given him a blowjob?"
"He asked a couple of times, but I told him it was gross."
"You are being disrespectful to your husband, dear. Every woman should give her man a blowjob every time they have sex. Has he ever licked your pussy?"
"He tried a few times, but I think that is as gross as me putting his thing in my mouth," I replied.
"Child, you have so much to learn about sex and the pleasures it can bring you. If I were your husband and you kept saying no, I don't know how long I would put up with it. I would eventually find someone else who would suck me off."
"Ken would never do that to me," I told him. But, of course, he didn't know Ken at all.
"Sweetheart, he is no different than any other man on the planet. We all want a beautiful woman on her knees with our dick in her mouth, sucking the cum out of our balls.
"You said that Ken had lost interest in having sex with you. Did it ever occur to you that he got tired of you not doing your wifely duties?"
"He is not tired of me, just from all the extra hours he is working," I said, realizing I was getting defensive.
"I am sure that is the problem, but don't you think he deserves a reward for all his extra work for your family?"
"I guess, but it still sounds gross," I told him.
"He will not piss in your mouth, so I don't know why you keep thinking it's gross. The feeling of having your dick inside a woman's mouth is one of the best a man can have.
"If you truly love your husband, you should go upstairs and lick and suck his cock. If you don't want to taste his cum, wrap your hand around the base beside his balls. When he cums, it will not be able to shoot out into your mouth. You can then take him out of your mouth and catch it in your hand."
Talking about giving Ken a blow job started turning me on, and I could feel my nipples getting hard in my bra. I guess that deep down, I was kind of turned on by the thought of having his dick in my mouth. I had been told my entire life that sex was dirty and that giving a blowjob was gross.
"Ok, I will try it, but no promises," I told him.
"You are going to try what?" he asked me.
"I will put his thing into my mouth and suck on it until he wakes up," I replied, blushing.
"It's a dick or cock, dear, not a thing. Now tell me what you are going to do," Pop demanded.
"I will put his dick in my mouth and suck on it until he wakes up," I replied.
"No, you will put his dick into your mouth and suck him until he cums. Now tell me what you are going to do," he replied.
"I will put his dick into my mouth and suck him until he cums" I echoed back, turning red.
I could feel myself getting wet talking to this stranger. The thought of doing something he told me to do turned me on more than I thought possible.
"You forgot something at the end, Lisa," he told me.
"Forgot something at the end? I replied with exactly what you told me to say."
"You need to say it and end it with my first name," he told me.
"I don't know your first name. Remember, you would not tell me what it was," I replied.
"You need to work on your listening skills, Lisa. My first name is Pop. Now tell me what you are going to do."
"I will wake up my husband by putting his dick into my mouth and sucking him until he cum; Pop. Happy now?" I replied, being snarky again.
I realized my tone was a little condescending, but I was annoyed at how he talked to me. Why I was still having this conversation was a mystery.
"There is no reason to take that tone with me, girl. But, since you think his cum will taste gross, I want you to catch it in your hand, and when he stops cumming, I want you to taste it.
"If it's as gross as you think, you can wash your hand; otherwise, I want you to lick it clean.
"Make sure you are looking into his eyes before you do. It will show him how much you love him. Do you understand, Lisa?
The image of me licking Kens' cum out of my hand was causing my juices to soak my panties thoroughly. I slipped my hand down inside my jogging pants and ran my middle finger lightly over my panties.
Oh God, if I keep doing this, I will cum,I thought.
"Lisa, are you still there?" Pop typed.
I realized that I had been rubbing my pantie-covered pussy for several minutes. I had completely forgotten about our conversation, so I quickly replied. "Yes."
"Yes, what?"
"Yes, Pop," I replied. Calling him Pop felt weird, but I realized it increased my excitement the more I typed it.
"Good girl, I am glad I could help you and your marriage. But, before you go to follow your directions, why don't you give me your email so I can ask you later how things went?"
I thought about it for a minute, entered my email address into the chat before I could change my mind, and closed the window.
I was humoring him. So I told myself as I stood up and stretched.
Ken was asleep on his back in bed as I walked into our bedroom. I walked over to the bed and moved the covers down carefully so as not to wake him too soon.
Looking at his boxers, I saw the tip of his dick poking through the flap in the front. I climbed into the bed and leaned over his waist. Before I could chicken out, I pulled his dick out of his boxers and started gently licking it.
Ken moved a little but kept snoring, so I got braver and kissed the head and shaft, watching as he grew in my hand. I glanced up at Ken to ensure he was still asleep before I put his growing dick into my mouth and started sucking and licking it.
It only took a few minutes before he had grown to his full length of seven inches. I felt proud that I could get about 4 inches of his cock into my mouth before I started gagging.
As I got more comfortable doing this, I started moving my head back and forth.
I pulled the dick out of my mouth when my head was back so I could lick the head before trying to force his dick into my throat.
As I sucked his dick, I slipped my hand into the front of my pajamas to play with myself. I could not believe that talking with a stranger in a chat room would lead to me following his instructions. Instead, I realized that sucking on Ken's dick had gotten me hotter than I can ever remember being.
At some point, while I was bobbing up and down on his dick, Ken woke up. I noticed his snoring had stopped, and I looked up and saw his eyes as I sucked his dick.
"That feels amazing, babe," he told me, running his hands through my hair. His complement felt better than I thought, so I tried harder to get more of him into my mouth.
I noticed that he was starting to breathe faster and felt his hands tighten on the side of my head.
"If you keep this up, I will cum," Ken warned me.
Remembering what Mr. Thompson had said, I sucked harder on Ken's dick until I felt it swell before pulling my mouth off and jacking him off into my hand.
Ken shot four strong streams of cum into my hand, filling it before he slumped back into the bed, breathing heavily.
I waited a few seconds for him to look back down at me before sticking my middle finger into the pool of cum in my hand. Then, I twirled my fingertip around to get it covered and pushed my finger into my mouth before losing my nerve.
I didn't know what to expect, but the taste was not that bad. Then, as Ken watched me, I started licking his cum from my palm until it was all gone.
"Holy shit Beth. That was the hottest thing I have ever seen. First, waking me up sucking my dick, and then you ate cum off your hand like a slut. I know that I might regret asking this but why? I have begged you to go down on me for a couple of years, and you always said it was gross," Ken asked.
"I was trying to think of a way to tell you to thank you for all the extra work you have been doing lately. I don't know why I didn't do this for you before. You felt great in my mouth, and your cum tastes a lot better than I thought it would," as I responded to Ken, I reached down to his dick again.
I gently traced my fingers up the shaft and around the bottom of the cock head before repeating. Ken was hard again in a few short minutes, and I pulled off my sweats and squatted over his dick.
I lined up his dick with my pussy and slid down in a single stroke. I was so wet that he slipped in without any resistance. I leaned forward so that he could play with my breasts as I rode his dick.
It only took a few strokes of his dick before I was cumming myself. Ken held me until I came down, then gently flipped me over, lifted my legs toward my head, and started fucking me hard.
"I don't know what has gotten into you this morning, but I like it," Ken said with a massive grin as he continued to drive his cock into my body.
After a few minutes, he pulled his cock out and put his face into my soaked cunt. He slid his ring finger inside, cupping his finger to hit my G-Spot as he quickly fingerfucked me. He knew exactly how to get me off as he alternated between sucking my clit and fingering me. Finally, right before I came, he pulled away and slapped my ass.
"Get on your hands and knees, bitch" he told me with a smile. He knows I like to be called that when we have sex, it makes me feel naughty. But, most of the time, he doesn't. He thinks it's degrading.
I will say I was surprised at how he had taken charge and started fucking me hard. He is a gentle lover most of the time, but not today.
I got into the position. Ken leaned down and started licking me from my clit to my asshole. He did that a few times before he moved forward and slammed his cock inside.
This set off the orgasm he had denied me while finger-fucking me.
I could feel my juices running down my legs and knew a puddle would be underneath us. Ken reached around my sides and grabbed my enlarged breasts. Twisting and pulling on the nipples as he fucked me.
"Oh fuck, bitch. Common fuck me," he said as he got close to cumming. Then, after a few more strokes, I felt him cumming inside me, triggering a massive orgasm for me.
He rolled over to his side, pulling me with him to keep inside me. We lay together with his dick inside me until we had caught our breath, and his dick slid out. Ken kissed me and went to the bathroom, leaving me on the bed with my legs slightly spread.
I ran my hands over my stomach feeling the bump that was our child as I felt Ken's cum start to slide out of my pussy onto my leg. I glanced at the bathroom to ensure Ken was not looking before I slipped my fingers into my pussy. When I pulled them out, they were covered with our cum.
I looked at the mess briefly before sticking my fingers into my mouth, savoring the taste before moving them down to get more. It only took a few minutes to get all the cum into my mouth. I had just finished when Ken opened the bathroom door and stood looking at me.
"You look stunning lying there like that. I don't know what I ever did to deserve such a beautiful wife."
"Flattery will get you anything you want," I said as I started running my fingers around my left nipple.
"I wish I could, but I have to cover John's shift today," Ken said, frowning.
He saw my expression and quickly said. "It's only for a few more months, and the baby will be here. Then, after six weeks, you can return to work, and I can stop working so much overtime."
Ken smiled at me and ruffled my hair as I went into the bathroom to clean myself up. When I finished, he had just finished putting on his shoes in the living room.
"Do you want me to fix you something to eat?" I asked.
"Sorry, babe, I don't have time. I slept in later than I should have, but don't regret how you woke me up," he said with a grin as he kissed me and left for work.
I cleaned up the kitchen and started cleaning around the house. I had just finished folding a load of clothes when I heard my computer ding letting me know I had an email.
The email was from Pop, and I hovered over the link, trying to decide whether I wanted to open it. Finally, curiosity won out, and I clicked to open the message.
Lisa,
It was very nice talking to you this morning. I hope you found our conversation helpful with your current problem.
Did you do as instructed?
What did Ken say?
How do you feel about what you did?
Pop
As I read the email, I found myself conflicted. On the one hand, Pop seemed like he was helpful, and since I was a stranger, I found that attitude refreshing.
I have not had many people help me out in life, and for him to stop even a small part of his day from talking to me felt good. But, on the other hand, he seemed very demanding and wanted me to follow his directions.
I had to admit that I had gotten excited by our conversation this morning. I followed Pop's instructions with Ken, which resulted in possibly the best sex I had ever had.
Just sitting here thinking about how I had followed a stranger's instructions and had done something I never wanted to do excited me, so I decided to reply.
Hi Pop,
Thank you so much for your time this morning and for listening to me whine about my life. I did what you had asked me to.
I went into the bedroom, and Ken was still in bed asleep, so I pulled the covers back and woke him up by sucking and licking him.
When he came, I caught it in my hand, and while he watched, I put my finger into the puddle of cum and then licked my finger.
I was amazed; I loved the taste of Ken's cum. Still looking into his eyes, I ate the rest of his cum. He flipped me over and fucked me like he did before I got pregnant.
I think the orgasm I had was one of the best in my life. So again, thank you for your help.
Lisa,
I reread the email to ensure I was okay with sharing this with a stranger before clicking on send.
While I waited for his response, I checked the rest of my email, I had just started to get up when I got a response from Pop.
Lisa,
Glad I could help you, and I am proud of you for having the strength to allow me to help you to follow your desires. I have a few more questions for you, though.
Did you get excited when we were chatting earlier?
If so, why did you get turned on?
Did you get turned on sucking Ken's dick?
I want you to be completely honest with yourself and me here. If you aren't, this will not help you or make your sex life with Ken what you want it to be.
I am waiting for your response.
Pop
I didn't know if I should respond to him or not. The conversation was getting more personal than I wanted to have with a stranger, or even Ken, for that matter.
While growing up, my mom and dad were very strict and would not let me take sex education. My mom told me that sex was dirty and good girls didn't think or talk about it.
When I went to college, I stayed away from parties and social events until I was a senior because I didn't want to be pressured to have sex. I wanted to save that for the man I married.
I was out at a coffee shop working on a paper for a class when I looked up and saw Ken. He was looking for a place to sit, and when our eyes met, I felt a shock run through me.
I didn't know who he was, but I knew that he was the one I wanted to marry. So I smiled at him and motioned to the seat across from me. He smiled and sat down.
"Thanks. I was worried that I would have to stand until someone left. Hi, my name is Ken," he said, extending his hand as he sat down across from me.
"Lisa. I could use some company and a break from homework," I told him, shaking his hand.
We talked for an hour about all kinds of things, and before he left, I gave him my number. It took him a few days to call me, and I didn't think I could eat anything while waiting.
He apologized for not calling right back, and we started dating. Six months after graduating, we were married and decided to have a baby not long afterward.
If Pop could help me return to the feeling I had with Ken when we got married, it may be worth sharing intimate details with him.
Hi Pop,
This is hard for me to talk about. My family thinks sex is dirty, and it was never talked about other than some fundamental things my mother told me.
I did get excited this morning when we were chatting. No one had ever had that kind of conversation with me. The fact that a stranger was having that and wanting me to follow his directions made it more so.
I felt naughty and wrong, which is why I got excited. Yet, when I was sucking on Ken, the feeling was more substantial than our chat.
I got very wet, and when I licked his cum out of my hand, I felt downright nasty. I could not stop myself.
Lisa,
I sent the email and fixed myself a sandwich and some chips for lunch. After lunch, I returned to my computer and found a response from Mr. Thompson.
Lisa,
Thanks for being honest with me, and I am glad that our little talk earlier was exciting for you.
If you want, I will continue to help you get your sex life to be what you want it to be. But, if you want my help, I need you to do some things for me.
At the bottom of this link is my cell number. I want you to take a picture of yourself as you are right now and send it to me.
Pop
I reread the email.
There is no fucking way I am going to do this, I thought as I closed the email.
The more I thought about it, the more pissed I became, so I walked away from my computer.
The little pervert will not get me to take pictures of myself as he told me to. So I went upstairs and took a shower, and as the hot water cascaded off my body, I relaxed and started thinking about what I had done this morning with Ken.
But a funny thing happened as I continued to think about what he had said; I was getting excited. I slipped a finger into my pussy, sliding it in and out, while the other hand found my breasts, tugging and twisting my nipples.
I had another finger inside myself as I built towards an orgasm in no time. Then, I came hard, pulling my left nipple painfully out from the breast while twisting it.
I was shaking so hard that I had to sit down on the shower seat until I calmed down.
What was wrong with me?I wondered.
I had let a complete stranger talk me into sucking my husband off. The memory of the blowjob and the fact that I was told to do it was enough for me to have a massive orgasm.
I felt nasty and sick but, at the same time, very horny. I left the shower and put on clean underwear before grabbing my sheer robe and wrapping it around myself.
I looked in the mirror at myself. You could see the patterns of my bra and matching panties. Unfortunately, the robe also did little to hide the swell of my belly.
Not bad looking for a pregnant lady, I thought as I walked out of the room and went to my computer.
I am just going to humor him a little more, I rationalized. Before I could talk myself out of it, I took a picture of myself sitting at my computer and texted the image to the number Mr. Thompson had given me.
In the picture, I had stuck out my tongue as a small act of rebellion against being asked to take the image in the first place. The angle of the picture and the lighting made it hard to see under the robe.
Besides, he wouldn't see much with it closed up to my neck.
Less than a minute after sending the picture, my phone buzzed with his reply.
I thought we were past this, Lisa.
You were going to be honest and follow directions.
If you want my help, I want you to walk over to a window and retake the picture. Then, open the top of the robe a little more and unbutton at least the top three buttons.
I should be able to see the swells of your breasts in the picture.
I reread the text and decided that three buttons were not that much since I had already gone this far and still had my bra on. However, the window part made me very nervous.
There were people across the street that I could see from the window, and I was afraid someone would see me posing. Yet, the fear of getting caught excited me the more I thought about it.
It's too bright to see in the window clearly, I rationalized as I decided to take the pictures.
I stood up and unbuttoned the top 3 buttons of the robe, and walked over to the window. I could see the robe hanging open down to the middle of my stomach.
Glancing outside and not seeing anyone. I quickly took a picture of myself before walking away from the window. You can see most of my bra-covered breasts in this picture. I noticed that the light behind me had turned the robe almost transparent.
I waited a few minutes for the courage to send the picture.
Now or never, I told myself, and before I could change my mind, I sent the new photo to Pop.
Much better, Lisa, but I think we need to go a little further to get you past your shyness.
Take off your bra and retake the same picture for me.
I looked at the instructions and swallowed. Ken was the only man who had seen my breasts, and I didn't know if I wanted to do this, so I texted him.
I am sorry, but I have only let Ken see me nude, and I don't think I can do this.
He replied right away.
It is a big step, but it's easier than you think. No one but you and I will know about the pictures.
Tell you what, let's have your body decide. Take your finger and put it inside your pussy.
If you are wet, take the picture because your subconscious mind wants to do this. But, on the other hand, if you are not, we will stop this.
I hesitated for a minute, thinking.Is this exciting for me?
Maybe there was something wrong with me. Good girls don't take risqué pictures of themselves and send them to a stranger. But, I decided that I had to know and put my hand inside my panties and pushed my index finger into my pussy.
I was shocked to find out that I was soaked. Oh my God, this is turning me on. Looking at the text again, I decided I wanted to do this, took off my bra, and retook the picture as instructed.
You could now see my breasts through the gown and my engorged nipples pushing out the fabric almost an inch.
I texted the image to Pop and waited for him to respond. It only took a few seconds for his reply.
That's a good girl.
Since you took the picture, it's safe to assume that you are wet and that your body at least wants to keep going.
Take another picture with the robe only fastened at your waist. After that picture, I want you to lean forward until bent over parallel to the floor.
Take the picture from that position no matter what is visible. Make sure you look directly into the camera as well. I want to see the expression on your face.
I drank a bit of my coffee, trying to stall and make up my mind, but I was only kidding. I knew I would continue; I just couldn't stop myself.
I unbuttoned the robe except for a single button at my waist and took a picture. Then I bent over as instructed and took the other image.
I stood back up and looked at the picture. The robe had fallen open, pushed out by my breasts. You could see my large breasts hanging down, along with my bare stomach and flushed face.
I could not believe how erotic the picture looked, and with the angle you, it looked like the only thing I had on was the sheer open robe. So I texted the shot and waited, sitting on the floor under the window.
Good girl.
I hope you can see how hot you look in the pictures.
Since you can't see your panties, I want you to take them off and retake the picture of you bending over in front of the window again. Then take another one, making sure to spread your legs wide.
I want you to change the angle of the picture and take it more to one side so I can see your legs better.
Take a picture and hold this position for two minutes before taking another one.
I will be looking at the timestamps. If you moved from the position or took them closer together than two minutes, I will be very disappointed with you.
I started shaking a little, but I followed his instructions, taking off my panties and retaking his requested pictures. In the retake, my breasts and pregnant belly had pushed the robe open again as they hung down.
I changed the camera's angle enough you could see my thighs clearly and took another picture.
As instructed, I stayed in that position and looked at the time on my phone until the two minutes were up before taking the second picture.
I sat on the floor and looked at the three pictures. The first one really didn't look that different than the other one, but the last two were shocking.
I could see the silhouette of my spread legs and pubic hair and the park across the street in the background. I sent both pictures and waited for Mr. Thompson to respond.
It took a few minutes for the photos to upload and a few more before he responded.
Very nice, Lisa,
I must say you have the nicest set of tits I have seen in a long time.
Let's take a few more pictures, shall we? First, I want you to open the front of your robe and pull the fabric behind your breasts. Then, squat down in front of the window and take a picture.
The robe should cover your thighs but not your pussy.
In the following picture, I want you to spread your legs as wide as possible and still squat. The robe is to be behind you, so it doesn't cover anything.
I want you to spread your pussy lips so I can see the pink between them in the picture.
Take another picture with your fingers interlaced behind your head, pushing your breasts forward.
In the last one, you will be utterly nude on your hands and knees, facing the camera, so your breasts hang down.
All of the pictures are to be in front of the same window.
This was getting out of hand. I was so excited that the tops of my thighs were wet with my vaginal juices. I got into position, took the pictures as Mr. Thompson had instructed, and quickly sent them before I could change my mind.
I sat in the kitchen, shaking from excitement or nerves, and waited until he responded, glancing at my phone every few minutes for a reply.
Excellent Lisa!
You have a lot of potential and are getting good at following directions.
Do you have a mirror you can put behind you?
I have a long dressing mirror hanging on the wall in my bedroom that should work well.
Feeling very slutty I stood up and walked in front of the window before walking into my bedroom to get it, all without putting my robe back on.
I got even wetter thinking about how anyone walking by who glanced in would see me walking around nude.
I have a dressing mirror in my room; what would you like me to do with it?I asked.
He quickly responded.
That would be perfect!
Place it against the wall next to the window. Then get on your hands and knees facing away from the window.
Spread your legs and take a picture of you looking over your shoulder into the mirror. You should be able to see your face, ass, pussy, and hanging tits in the picture.
Move around until you get a good shot, and remember to ensure I can see the park in the background.
After returning to the living room, I put the mirror next to the window and moved it around before getting on the floor with my ass facing it. I spread my legs, excited to see that my juices started running down my legs.
I took a picture as instructed but added my own touch when I was in position. I made sure Pop could see inside my pussy by pulling on the lips until they hung open a little, and I put on my best come and fuck me face.
After I was satisfied with the picture, I sent it and sat on the floor waiting for his response.
You did better than I thought, my girl.
You are one of the most beautiful women I have seen. I have one more thing for you to do today.
Below are a few links to online porn stories. I want you to click on the links and look around the sites.
You must read four stories between the sites. I want you to put one of your hands on your pussy and rub your clit. You can use the other hand to navigate the stories and rub your tits.
Here is where you have a decision to make. If you get excited enough rubbing yourself and reading the stories that you need to cum, you are to send me a picture of your fingers in your cunt while holding the camera to see it's you.
You are to cover nothing up in the picture, Lisa.
You are not allowed to cum until I respond to the text message.
After you finish, I want you to send me the links to the stories you decided to read, and we will talk about them next time.
The links he sent me were to adult story parts of several websites. They dealt with submission and various themes, including bondage, public nudity, having sex in public places, humiliation, married women used by strangers, etc.
I looked through the different stories and found at least a hundred from which to choose. Some stories were very short, and quite a few had storylines that would never happen in real life.
I ended up opening the first one I thought might be interesting. It was about an older married woman who went to a rest area after dark and snuck into the men's room.
She went into an empty stall and removed all her clothes, putting them in a bag to keep them clean. She put a face mask on not to see anything and knelt on the stall floor with her legs facing the door.
She opened the stall door and waited for a stranger to find her when in position. She didn't have to wait long and ended up sucking and fucking a line of truck drivers. After caring for everyone, she removed the mask, dressed, and went home to her family.
What excited me most was that she put her clothes on over her cum covered body.
I was getting very excited both from the stories and the fingers I was pushing into my pussy.
I read the following story about a young wife who went to an adult theater to see what it was like. She purchased a ticket from the leering attendant and sat in a row in the middle of the theater.
The film was about many college girls having sex on the beach with guys they had met at a party. The movie was turning the woman on, and when a scene where a white woman was sucking the dicks of three black men came on, she slipped her hand into her shorts and started fingering her pussy.
While engrossed in the movie and fingering herself, a group of men moved closer to where she sat and surrounded her.
An older man sat on her left, while a younger man sat on her right. They ran their hands up and down her legs until they reached the bottom of her shorts.
They kept caressing her thighs as they watched her masturbate. Finally, she pulled her hand out of her shorts and started rubbing her breasts, staring intently at the movie.
Since the woman was not stopping them, they got braver, moved their hands under her shorts, and started fingering her, causing her to moan. She let them do what they wanted, and soon they got braver.
The man on her left grabbed her shorts and started tugging them down.
Without looking at anyone, the woman lifted her ass enough for them to pull her shorts and panties off.
The two men pulled her legs wide, sitting them on their laps. Then, getting no resistance, they started sliding more fingers around and into her pussy.
They grabbed one of her hands and placed it on their laps as she got wetter. She started stroking the outlines of their dicks for a few minutes before the men pulled down their pants to give her better access.
As she started jacking them off, one of the men behind her unbuttoned her blouse and unhooked her bra, exposing her breasts to everyone.
Afterward, he began pulling on her nipples and roughly playing with her tits. Several hands were caressing her at this point, and she had the first of many orgasms.
The men moved her around and took turns fucking her and getting blowjobs. The last man to fuck her was a black man with a large cock hanging between his legs.
He pushed the woman to her knees and made her suck him until he was wet enough before turning her around and forcing his dick into her virgin ass.
He fucked her until she had a massive orgasm and dumped a large load of cum into her bowels. After that, she put her clothes on except her panties, which the black man kept, before leaving the theater and going home.
I was getting close to an orgasm, so I tried to slow things down by pulling harder on my nipples, but that didn't help.
I thought about what I was to do if I wanted to cum and decided that it was not too high of a price, so I took the picture.
Can I cum, Pop?I asked as I sent the picture to him.
I found another story about a married woman who went out with her friends for a girl's night out. Unfortunately, they all got a little wasted, and on the way to the bathroom, she entered the men's room by mistake.
Before she could leave, a group of men came in and found her. Pretending to help her escape the restroom, they maneuvered her into a stall and took turns fucking her before walking out, leaving her on the floor.
She was rescued by some nameless guy and taken to one of her friends. That girlfriend helped her get cleaned up, and while talking, one thing led to another.
Her friend made her get on her knees and lick her pussy in the restroom until the other woman came.
Afterward, she was made to lick and suck several more women before her friend took her out of the club and dropped her off at her hotel.
I still had not heard from Pop, so I looked for the final story I was to read.
I found one about a woman who went camping with her family. They had all turned in for the night when she had to take a piss. She tried to get her husband to go with her, but he wouldn't wake up, so she decided to go independently.
She walked through the campsites to the main building and entered the women's restroom. She had just finished when she heard something moving around.
When she didn't get an answer, she opened her stall door and washed her hands. She had finished drying them and opened the main entrance when she heard moaning coming from the men's room.
Being curious, she walked over after listening at the door and glanced around to ensure no one was watching before she pulled the door open and stuck her head inside.
She saw a nude woman on a leash in front of the urinals with her legs spread and her head pushed back against the urinal, licking a man's asshole as she jacked his dick off. He was an older man, maybe in his late fifties, six feet tall, slightly overweight, but still very muscular.
There was another couple fucking next to the younger woman. A large black man pounded an older woman with large breasts from behind.
The woman on her knees was twenty-something, with medium-sized sagging breasts.
As the wife watched the action, she got excited and moved a hand down into her shorts, fingering her pussy.
The man getting the rim job pulled away from the kneeling woman and started shooting cum over her face and chest. He stroked the younger woman's hair until the black guy fucking the older woman shot a massive load of cum into her cunt.
When he pulled his large dick out of her, the wife saw rivers of cum running down the older woman's legs. Next, the black man pulled the younger woman behind the older one by her leash and pushed her face into the messy cunt.
She cleaned up the older woman licking cum out of her cunt and off her legs. Then, the black man and older woman switched places, and while the man was getting cleaned up, the older woman put on a giant strapon.
The older woman positioned the younger woman onto her hands and knees. When she was in position, the older woman pushed the younger woman's face inside a urinal and started fucking her hard.
While watching all of this, the wife started to cum herself. She was just coming down when she felt a hand on her arm, spinning her around. A young man stood behind her and demanded the wife blow him.
He unzipped his shorts and pulled out his cock. He pushed down on the wife's shoulders, forcing her to her knees. Then, grabbing the back of her head, he pushed his dick into her mouth. After he came in her mouth, he pulled her by her hair over to the others. He high-fived the black man who pushed the wife down on her knees beside the young woman.
The older woman pulled the dildo out of the young slut and forced the wife to lick it before pushing it into her throat. While the wife was forced to deep-throat the fake dick, the black man got behind the younger woman and started fucking her hard, filling her with his cum.
The young man had stripped and walked around the group taking pictures and stroking his dick.
The older woman pulled the strapon off and told the wife to finish getting undressed. When the wife was nude, the woman made her get on her back on the nasty bathroom floor. Once on the floor, the older woman sat on the wife's face, holding the wife's legs up in the air. The young man stopped taking pictures, knelt between the wife's legs, and fucked her.
The three men took turns fucking the wife, filling her sloppy cunt with cum despite her protests. Finally, the wife started having multiple small orgasms leading to a massive one as the black man fucking her and filled her cunt with his cum.
The older woman sitting on the wife's face came squirting her juices all over the face and chest of the wife, who was licking her.
As they finished fucking the wife, the men had the younger female suck their dicks clean. Then, when they all had finished fucking the wife, they repositioned the younger female over to the wife, putting them in a 69 position.
They forced them to suck the cum from the other woman's cunt before letting the wife off the floor.
They took some more pictures of the wife performing various acts before the last one, where she sucked the large cock of the black man while she jerked his dick, drinking his cum.
They had the woman shower, and when they were clean and dry, the older woman told the wife to return to her campsite. However, they would not give her back her clothes and said she had better hurry back to her tent if she didn't want anyone else to see her.
The wife returned to her campsite without being seen and climbed into bed with her husband.
It was at this point that Pop replied.
Well, Lisa, I am at a loss here.
I am trying to find a word to describe a nude woman with her fingers in her cunt, asking a stranger if she can cum.
Do you have any ideas?
It was getting hard to think. My need to cum was taking over everything. Holding myself on edge was taking almost all of my willpower.
I guess she would be a slut.I answered back
Are you a slut Lisa?
Absolutely not! I am a good girl,I responded.
Really Lisa? I understand this is new for you, but you are, by your definition, a slut. You need to be honest with yourself and stop rationalizing your behavior.
Are you a slut?
I repeated that I was not a slut, but I knew it was not true. Everything that I had done today and the fact I was asking someone else to give me permission to cum kept running through my mind. Maybe I was being a little slutty.
Before I changed my mind, I answered back.
I guess I am a little slutty.
Ineed you to answer the question correctly, Lisa. Make sure I understand what you are and what you want my permission for.
I am a slut, Pop. Please let me cum, I texted, trembling as I typed.
On one condition Slut, take your fingers out of your cunt, and spread your vaginal juices on your nipples and cheeks.
After you do that, I want you to take a picture of yourself.
You are to insert two fingers into your cunt as far as they go, pull them out, and put them in your mouth while pulling on your nipples.
You are to repeat this until you cum.
When you calm down, I want you to scoop any cum that leaks out of you and put that on your breasts, rubbing it in, before taking another picture when you are done.
Send all the pictures to me after you finish. Understand?
Yes, Pop, thank you so much, I texted, relieved I could cum.
I spread my juices on my nipples and put more on my cheeks, getting closer to a massive orgasm every time I put my fingers inside myself. I took the picture and then started finger fucking myself, licking my fingers clean every few minutes.
It took longer to cum than if I had just fingered myself, but I almost passed out when I came. After I calmed down, I pulled my soaked fingers out of my cunt. Then, as instructed, I spread my juices all over my breasts.
By the time I had gotten my juices off my thighs and legs, my breasts glistened, and I smelled like pussy.
I took another picture and sent both of them to Mr. Thompson.
After I sent the pictures, I looked at all of them. I could see my progression from shy wife to wanton slut, all in a little over an hour.
I was shocked at my behavior, and now that I was not as horny, I felt ashamed. My phone dinged.
Very good slut. You look so fucking hot in these pictures.
I think we are on our way to getting your sex life back. I want you to finish reading the stories and send me a report, giving me the links for the stories you read and what you liked about each one.
I want to know if some aspect of the story got you hotter than another.
Let me ask you a question; how do you feel about what you did today?
I sat there thinking about how the requests had started simple and became more demanding and how horny I got following directions from a stranger.
There has been something missing in my life. I thought I had lost my looks, with Ken not wanting to touch me for the last few months. With the stress of work, I had gotten a little depressed.
But today was different. I had felt alive and wanted more than I had in a long time. I also realized that even after the massive orgasm I had, I was still very horny.
I decided to be honest and replied.
I don't know how I feel. Part of me is afraid of how excited I got following your directions and how easy it was to forget my beliefs.
Another part is mad that I let you direct my actions and that I listened to you at all.
I am also the most excited and turned-on I have ever been.
I don't know if that makes sense to you.
I waited for him to respond. A few minutes felt like forever, but my phone dinged again.
Lisa, I would not want to play this game with you if you weren't a little afraid.
You are getting excited about the anonymous nature of the game.
Do you want to keep playing? Please understand I don't have time for you if you don't want to play.
If you decide to stop, I understand, and I will not contact you again, nor will I answer anything you send me after you make this decision.
The decision is yours, but it is one that you need to make now.
Game?I texted, trying to understand what he was saying.
He replied almost immediately.
That is as good a description of what we are doing as anything else.
The idea of what we had done was just a game that excited me more than I thought it would. It was like role-playing.
I hesitated a bit before I answered.
Honestly, I am both afraid and excited simultaneously, and I can't think of another time in my life when I felt so alive.
I don't want to do anymore, but I don't want to stop.
I would like to continue playing the game. If it gets too much, I will stop later.
His response took longer this time. Lisa was worried that he had gotten busy with something else.
I am glad that you feel this way.
You are to dress as usual but not clean yourself before bed tonight.
If Ken says anything about it, tell him you were thinking about him all day, making you horny.
If he wants to fuck, you are to give him a blow job, but you are not to fuck him. Instead, tell him you are sore or whatever comes to mind.
When you go down on him, you are to swallow his cum.
You are not allowed to cum unless you ask me for permission.
I will talk to you tomorrow, my little slut.
I was a little worried as I read the text. It seemed like Pop was extending his control to more of my life. After deciding how I felt about this, I dressed and worked around the house until Ken got home.
He ate dinner and afterward kissed me and went to bed exhausted. When he was asleep, I got up and emailed Mr. Thompson about the stories I had read.
I realized the ones where the woman was coerced into sex acts by others were the ones that really made me hot.
My favorite was the one with the woman in the rest area, allowing complete strangers to use her without seeing them know who they were.
After sending the email, I took a hot bath. When I got out, I checked my email one more time.
There was a response from Pop.
I am proud of you for following directions, Lisa!
I will read the stories tomorrow when I get time.
I promised that I would help with your car seat and crib questions. I have a friend who specializes in these things and gives me advice. He sent me the model numbers below and said if you need more help, he would be happy to talk to you.
Thanks so much for today and your help. Tell your friend I said thanks too.I replied before shutting down my computer.
I quietly got into bed next to Ken and thought about my day as I fell asleep.