Janet walked into the hotel room and immediately went to the window.
"This will do nicely." She said to the desk clerk. He was relieved; he had already shown her three rooms. And he did not understand the appeal of this one. It had floor to ceiling windows, but the only view was straight into the windows of the hotel across the street. He told her he would get her a key and have it sent up.
Janet looked out, knowing every room across the street was full due to a tech convention there. Of the six windows with a decent view into her room, four had the shades open. She looked at her copy of the convention schedule, the last seminar of the day would be wrapping up in fifteen minutes and the conventioneers would go back to their rooms to clean up, relax, and get ready for dinner. Janet was a thorough planner.
She hopped in the shower and soaped up, running her hands slowly over her body. "Not bad for thirty five" she thought as she ran a hand over her ass, glancing down at her own taught backside.
Janet's hand wandered to the front and her fingers slid easily through the small patch of hair above her crotch. Almost on their own, her fingers found her slit and began exploring it. As the warm water ran down her body, Janet drifted into one of her "go to" fantasies: that she was laid out on pillows in a dimly lit room. There were eight or nine nameless, faceless men slowly fondling her, multiple sets of hands all over her body. Her imagination kept going. One of the hands touching her would find its way between her legs, Janet completely naked and open. As this scene played out in her head Janet continued rubbing slow circles on her clit. She shuddered and had to lean against the shower wall for a second, stopping just short of orgasm. She was saving that for later. She gathered herself, wrapped a towel around her waist and stepped back into the hotel room.
She had all the lights on, and with the tall buildings shading each other it was very easy to see in from the windows across the street. A quick glance and she saw one man looking at her as she stood topless at the window. She turned and started to unpack, the wrapped towel sagging lower on her waist as she moved. After a few minutes there was a second guy in a different room and a woman one floor up. And now the first guy had a called a buddy in for a look.
Ok, time for the warm up. Janet thought. Her husband Derek wouldn't arrive for another twenty minutes. Still facing the window, Janet took some lotion into her hand and rubbed it up and down her tanned arms, careful not to look directly at anyone in her impromptu audience. As she moved to do her chest, the towel sagged a little further down one hip, showing half of her ass and a sliver of pubic hair. She took her time on her breasts, slowly circling her nipples.
Janet turned away from the window as she rubbed down over her belly and let the towel drop completely, giving a prime view of her ass to everyone looking from across the street. She continued on with the lotion, rubbing down the tops of her thighs, bending slightly to fully display her ass to the window.
She let anticipation build a little, and then turned around, offering a full frontal look at her body. Letting her eyes dart quickly, she could see the lone guy in one room staring, the two buddies had actually pulled up chairs, and the woman in the third room appeared to have her hand in her pants as she watched Janet's naked lotion performance. Go figure, Janet thought.
Janet answered a knock on the door, wrapping the towel around her damp hair as she walked over. The bellman handed her the room key, trying to keep his eyes at Janet's face and not her completely naked body as she stood in the doorway and thanked him. He stammered and then left as she closed the door. "That never gets old." Janet thought. She loved showing off to bellmen, delivery guys, and room service waiters.
Janet went back to the window; she didn't want her audience to get bored. Janet finished unpacking and took out a large, bright pink vibrator. She sat back on the bed and switched it on low, rubbing it over the surface of her pussy, arching her back a bit as the toy sent shivers through her. After a while, she heard the door open. Derek walked in. Dressed in a suit , he took off his tie as he was admiring his wife's fantastic body. Janet looked him in he eye, mouth open slightly as she continued to work her crotch with the vibrator.
"Decent audience?" Derek asked.
"At least four, including a woman this time!" Janet answered, her breath a little heavier from the vibrator.
Derek pulled a chair over from the small work desk in the room and sat down. The watchers across the street could see Janet on the bed from the side, and Derek seated near the foot of the bed from the side. He watched for a minute, until Janet had sufficiently warmed herself up.
"Shall we?" Janet asked. Derek nodded. This would be the last either of them would speak until they laid together in a naked, sweating, post-orgasm heap. They had fifteen years of marriage and many wild sexual encounters. They knew what each other liked and once they got going, no talk was necessary.
Janet moved over to Derek and got on her knees in front of him. She ran a hand over his pants and Derek sat up a little straighter in his chair. Janet unzipped him and reached in, pulling out his stiffening cock and slowly stroking it, her mouth so close he could feel her breath. Janet flicked her tongue at the very tip, sending chills through Derek.
Janet's tongue flicked out again, this time lingering on the head of Derek's cock, swirling under, around, and down his shaft. As she came back to the top, Janet leaned in and swallowed Derek whole. She went up and down, sucking him all the way in, then pulling back out to the tip again. Derek groaned in ecstasy, he was sure Janet's mouth had magic powers.
Janet and Derek could not see out across the street since the lights in their room were all on to highlight them. And as it was getting dark out, the inside of any rooms without lights on were too difficult to see. If they could have seen, there were now five watchers at the various windows. All of them had their hands in their pants and were enjoying the show.
Janet got up and moved to the window facing out. She put her hands up on the glass as Derek moved in behind and began to fondle her. He was still fully clothed except for his hard-on poking through the open zipper. Janet felt it prod her ass cheek as Derek's hands ran up and down her. He settled one hand on a breast and the other between her legs as Janet stood spread; there for Derek to play with. He started at the top her clit, then ran his fingers down into her wetness. He could feel and see the goose bumps on Janet's naked flesh. Knowing multiple strangers were watching gave them both an extra charge.
Janet pushed her rear out a bit, leaning forward with her face against the window, the glass cool on her cheek. Derek, still in full suit, moved slightly to line his cock up to Janet's glistening pussy. He pushed his hips forward and slid easily into her from behind. Derek slowly fucked her against the window. Both of them looking out to the darkness, knowing their intimacies were on display. This had become a favorite game of theirs after a peeping incident with their next-door neighbors awakened Janet and Derek's love of exhibitionism.
Both hands on Janet's beautiful ass now, Derek looked down to see his cock plunge in and out. He loved taking his wife from behind, feeling her ass as he pumped. Janet's moans picked up intensity until she moved away, heading to the bed. Janet lay on her back, knees up, feet on the edge of the bed, her pussy and ass now facing the window as she parted her knees.
Derek knew what she wanted as he dropped to his knees at the edge of the bed. Starting on one thigh, he worked his tongue down to Janet's crotch. She jumped a little has he brushed over her tickle spot, right where thigh met crotch. Derek's tongue rolled around Janet's pussy now, alternately dipping into her and then back around the edges. He truly loved eating Janet; how wet she got, her squirms and moans as he controlled her body with his tongue, and maybe most of all her taste.
Janet reached out on the bed and picked up the vibrator she had dropped there when she had gone over to Derek. Derek took it in his hand as he made one last pass into her with his tongue. Switching it on, he massaged Janet's now soaked pussy making small circles with the buzzing toy. After a few minutes, he started to push the vibrator in a little. Then back out, then in a little further. Soon Derek was smoothly fucking Janet with the vibrator, the watchers across the street following the bright pink shaft as it moved in and out. Janet then took over, working on herself as Derek stepped aside to allow a perfect view.
Derek got fully undressed and got onto the bed. His back to the window he straddled Janet, placing the head of his cock on her lips. She opened her mouth to let him in, tasting herself on his still wet dick. Derek leaned forward, hands under him and rocked up and down, gently fucking Janet's mouth as she sucked and tongued at him. Janet was still working the vibrator as Derek's cock slowly slid in and out of her warm mouth.
Derek felt Janet start to shudder and knew she was getting past the point of no return. He pulled his cock all the way out as Janet's lips tried to hold him, dripping her saliva as he moved down between her legs and entered her. Janet tossed the vibrator aside and grabbed Derek's ass with both hands, pulling him deeper into her as he thrusted. Janet came with a scream. Derek grunted and let himself go, feeling the pulsing sensation as he emptied his cock into her.
Derek rolled off onto his back, but Janet was not quite done. The watchers inspired her to wrap up in dramatic fashion. Janet moved onto her knees over Derek's face, and spread her legs across his mouth. Derek quickly responded, working his tongue into Janet and wringing out a secondary burst of orgasm from her as his mouth and tongue were drowned in the juices of their sex.
Janet rolled off and gave Derek one last passionate kiss before flopping on her back. They laid there, legs tangled together, catching their breath.
"You never disappoint." Janet said as she gave his spent cock a small squeeze. "Do you think we were a hit?"
"I hope so." Derek said with a smile, still breathing heavily. "I got nothing left."
Across the street, the tech convention dinner started in the hotel's main ballroom. There were five empty seats. A few people would be a late to dinner, they had got a little sidetracked by the view from their rooms.