Authors Note: This is a work of fiction. All characters are fictional and are over 18 years of age.
**
Breakfast at Joe's Diner had been awkward for a few weeks whenever Ross came in. Kristi was still in disbelief at what she had agreed to in order for Ross to work on her car. Even more so she couldn't believe how much she had enjoyed herself!
Every time Ross came in Kristi's mind went back to that evening. Kristi's car had been failing to start causing her to be late for work several times. She didn't have the money to repair it and was getting tired of all the teasing from the regulars at the diner over her frequent walks of shame for being late.
Ross had offered to make her car reliable for a price, Kristi had to strip naked in his garage while he worked on her car, and masturbate to orgasm for him before he finished the work. At first Kristi dismissed the idea but after her car broke down again, this time during a torrential rain shower she relented and gave in.
What she didn't expect was how much she enjoyed being naked in front of someone she barely knew. Ross had been a total gentleman letting her get used to being naked in a strange situation. He had also been true to his word and had not initiated any contact with her
When Ross was about half finished with the car he reminded Kristi that she needed to masturbate for him. Kristi had blushed profusely as none of her previous boyfriends had asked her to do anything like this in front of them. Once she got started and saw the enjoyment in his face and the bulge in his pants Kristi let loose and enjoyed herself having the biggest orgasm she remembered having. After she had recovered Ross finished his work and took her on a tour of his secluded property.
As she was leaving Ross's house Kristi surprised both him and herself by giving the older man a hug before she got dressed. It felt good to feel his rough work clothes against her naked body, Ross had carefully returned the hug with a strong embrace that they held for a short while before saying their goodbyes.
Slowly things returned to normal between her and Ross once the stunning brunette realized Ross wasn't going to tell anyone what she had done. Even when the other diners made inappropriate comments Ross would politely nod and decline from participating.
About a month after her performance in Ross's garage Kristi noticed a quiet squeak when she applied her brakes. "Oh no! What now?" Kristi wondered aloud. She was just regaining confidence in her car as it had not failed her since Ross had worked on it. As the days passed the noise just kept getting louder. She knew the car needed to go to a mechanic but Kristi still couldn't afford to take it in.
She knew Ross could fix almost anything but also remembered him telling her that bigger problems required bigger payments. As the thought crossed her mind at what he might ask of her she felt her pussy twinge both from fear and anticipation.
The next morning Ross was at Joe's Diner finishing his breakfast when his phone dinged. The message was short, "my car 15 minutes". Looking around he caught Kristi's glare and gave her a quick grin. After paying his bill Ross waited in back of the diner leaning against her car out of site from the busy main street in front.
"Someone will see you!" Kristi hissed when she saw him and pulled Ross further out of site. Without giving him time to respond she explained the noise and that it was getting worse.
Ross was fairly certain what the problem was. He told Kristi he could fix it but it would require two trips and two payments.
"Two trips! Two payments!?!?" Kristi shouted momentarily forgetting about not making a scene. "Why two trips?"
Ross explained that while he thought he knew what was wrong he would need to look the car over and make a list of everything he needed to fix it. That would also let him know how big of a repair the second trip would be.
"What kind of payments?", the 24 year old inquired? She knew that being naked would certainly be a requirement, and that was one she had decided was acceptable. She was a little anxious at what else might be required of her body and that caused the moistness in her panties to increase with each passing minute.
Ross told her they would negotiate the second visit after he looked things over. Then he told Kristi what she would have to do for him to check it out.
"What!!!" Kristi yelled again, "You can't be serious??" she inquired.
Ross smiled and told her he was totally serious and that if she wanted his help she would agree to the requirements for this trip. "Besides" he added "the pool is open and your welcome to work on your all over tan".
Thinking it over Kristi realized she had no choice but to agree to Ross requirements for his services. Agreeing she would come over that Saturday Kristi around noon. The budding exhibitionist realized that even though she was being asked to do a little more that she had last time the requirements Ross had laid out for her made her pussy instantly warm and wet.
Counting down the days to Saturday Kristi couldn't decide if she was experiencing dread or excitement over what Ross was asking her to do. She had always wanted to tan nude but never was able to find a totally secluded place. Ross's backyard provided the perfect place to sunbathe naked without the fear of anyone, expect Ross of course seeing her.
Friday finally came around and as Kristi prepared for work she nearly forgot Ross's instructions. When she went to his garage she had worn a matching black lace bra and panty set. Ross had watched the beauty slowly remove them as she got naked so he would work on her car. She hadn't worn them since that evening. Ross had tasked her with wearing that specific lingerie for the entire day today. As she slipped the lingerie on she could already feel the warmth and wetness building inside of her. Pulling on her jeans and work polo Kristi tried to deny she was excited about exposing herself to Ross again but the evidence was to damning.
Every time she thought about the lingerie she was wearing memories of the intense orgasm she had while Ross watched flooded her mind. When Ross came in the diner that morning she softly moaned at the mini orgasm that struck when she saw him.
Always discreet Ross had given her a sly questioning glance, Kristi knew he was asking if she had obeyed. Biting her lip she gave him a nod so slight no one else noticed.
Friday evening came agonizingly slow for Kristi. In addition to detailing how she would dress the next morning Ross had been explicit with how Kristi would prepare her body Friday night.
9:00 PM finally arrived and Kristi stood in front of a mirror in her bedroom as required. Ross had asked her to slowly strip in front of the mirror and think about each part of her body as it was revealed.
First came the polo, after admiring the curves it covered Kristi slowly peeled it over her head and then folded it and carefully laid it over a nearby chair as per his instructions. Looking back to the mirror Kristi saw the lacy black bra underneath. Other than when she bought them she had never paid much attention to her under garments. Now at Ross instruction she was keenly aware of her 34C tits that filled the lacy garment and threatened to spill over the top. Lowering her eyes the curvaceous brunette next focused on her mid section. Not quite a six pack but toned and taught. Her lone indulgence was a gym membership and she made good use of it frequently going straight from the diner to the gym for her work outs.
After enjoying the view of her upper body Kristi slowly unsnapped and unzipped the cutoff jeans she had changed into after her shift. It felt odd but yet strangely satisfying following Ross instructions to the letter. Slowly pulling the tight cutoffs over her hips she let them fall to the floor. Kneeling she picked them up, folding them as she placed them on top of the t-shirt.
Looking again in the mirror she blushed and felt her face and pussy get even warmer if that was even possible. Seeing herself in the bra and panties brought back the intense feelings she had just before completely exposing herself to Ross.
Even though she was alone she felt strangely shy as she began to remove the bra and expose her 34C tits. First teasing the left strap off of her shoulder and letting it dangle at the side, next the right strap until she was relying solely on the snap to hold it in place.
Sticking out her chest she admired the cleavage that was showing. Keeping her eyes on her tits Kristi reached around unsnapping the bra and allowing it to slide off.. The thin garment grazed her nipples sending shivers down her body as it fell to the floor. Kristi cupped her tits and began squeezing her nipples. Slowly she squeezed and released her nipples watching and softly moaning. "Better slow down" she told herself as she picked up the bra and carefully placed it over the cutoffs.
Turning around Kristi smiled at the sheer panties barely concealing her backside in the mirror commenting aloud to the empty room, "It is a nice ass.". With both hands she slowly pulled the panties over her ass and let them fall to the floor. Kneeling she picked up the panties and as instructed put them over her nose to take in the intoxicating scent of sex that had been growing all day. Adding the panties neatly to the pile of clothes on the chair Kristi tuned back to face the mirror and contemplated her soaking wet pussy.
As Ross had instructed she gently massaged her pussy lips and softly moaned as she felt the wetness begin seeping down her thighs. Laying down as ordered she propped her head up so she could see her pussy in the mirror. For the first time she watched herself gently massage her clit and felt the orgasm building inside of her. Slowing Kristi inserted two fingers deep into her leaking hole and dredged a handful of juices out. Tasting herself made her even wetter as she realized just how turned on she was.
Returning her fingers and gaze to her clit Kristi spread her pussy open so she could clearly see what was going on. Continuing to massage her clit Kristi brought herself to the edge of an orgasm and reluctantly stopped as Ross had asked her to.
Coming down from the near orgasm gave Kristi time to reflect on where she was headed with Ross. She was enjoying following his orders, exposing herself, masturbating for him and even dressing as he asked when he wasn't around. Kristi knew she was headed down the path of becoming a submissive, she was enjoying the journey but wasn't sure where it would lead to. With a pussy yearning for stimulation she went to bed naked, again as ordered and had a fitful sleep dreaming about what might happen tomorrow.
Kristi awoke early in the morning excited and tense about what she was to do today. Ross had given her a clear idea of what he expected her to do, but he had also said the repairs on her car would require her to go farther. So far he had not touched her or asked her to do anything to him. She enjoyed being naked in his presence and had a tremendous orgasm the last time they were together.
Jumping in the shower Kristi continued to follow his orders on how to prepare herself for the day ahead. Carefully she trimmed the landing strip on her pussy so it was neat and straight.
Stepping out of the shower Kristi toweled herself off and stood naked in front of the mirror. Looking over her trimmed and toned body she smiled at her svelte curves.
Ross had instructed her to stay naked until she was standing at the door ready to leave. She thought it was odd but still felt compelled to follow the rules he had given her for this adventure. Being told to be naked felt different than just not putting clothes on.
Kristi was to nervous to eat much so she prepared a light breakfast and then a bag of everything she would need for the day. She giggled at the thought of "everything" she knew she was to be naked whenever she was at Ross's house, that meant no need for her bikini, he said he would provide towels, so the only thing she "needed" was sunscreen and a hair brush.
Slipping on her sandals Kristi next put on the only clothing item she was allowed to wear, a sheer button down coverup. At first Kristi buttoned every button taking some security in being covered. As she peered out the window to make sure no neighbors were around she realized how silly she was being. "If I'm going to do this I want to do it right." Unbuttoning all but one button she checked to make sure she wouldn't come face to face with anyone in her apartment complex before walking to her car as if everything was normal. Her only care being not to let the short coverup fly up and expose her ass or pussy.
Making her way to Ross's place Kristi cautiously enjoyed driving nearly naked for the first time. The small town she lived in only had one stop light which she avoided but several stop signs. She tried to time it so no one was around the stop signs as she approached.
As she approached one of the last stop signs before the road to Ross's house Kristi saw an older man standing at the sign waiting for her to stop so he could cross the road. Ross's orders had been specific in instructing her to obey all traffic laws and not to coverup if someone had the opportunity to see her. Slowly pulling up to the sign she kept a strong grip on the wheel as the man began walking across the road. When he was directly in front of Kristi he looked her direction and stopped in his tracks. Kristi's car sat fairly low and the man had a perfect view of Kristi's nearly nude tits. The lone button left most of her 34C's on display and the thin coverup did not hide her aroused nipples.
To Kristi it seemed as if the man stood in front of her car staring for hours although it was only a few brief seconds. Finally the man smiled and shouted "Thank you!" as he continued across the street a huge grin on his face and a newly found spring in his step.
Once the man was out of the road Kristi sped away from the stop sign. Eventually the embarrassment turned to giggling about what had occurred. She noticed that her pussy which had been moist all morning had gotten very wet watching the older man stare at her. As she turned onto the rural road that led to Ross's place she completely unbuttoned the coverup and allowed it to spread open over her tits for the short distance to Ross's house. Looking down Kristi was completely exposed, as she drove the anticipation of what she was going to do made her seat wet with anticipation.
As it had before the door to Ross's garage began to open as soon as Kristi pulled into the driveway. As she entered the garage Ross pushed the button to lower the door and guided Kristi back to the lift the car was on for it's first visit.
Opening the door Ross smiled as he saw how exposed Kristi was and asked her how the drive was.
Ross laughed and Kristi blushed as she detailed what had occurred at the stop sign. He asked for details on how it felt to be seen by a stranger.
Kristi blushed even further as she told him that at first she was mortified for him to see her nearly naked body. But as she watched him and saw the lust in his eyes her pussy stared leaking and she began enjoying being seen.
"Congratulations on your first public showing" Ross's said while laughing. "Before you go outside you need to take care of a few things......" Ross first asked her to remove the wispy coverup over the beautiful brunettes shoulders and taking it from her carefully folded it for her before placing it in the backseat of her car. Next he guided Kristi over to the recliner she had masturbated in the first time she had been there.
Reclining back Kristi noticed Ross had carefully laid out everything she would need for Ross's first requirement. Sitting on a table next to Kristi where a pair of scissors, a razor, shaving gel, a tub of warm water and a towel.
"Are you sure I have to do this?" she asked "I like my landing strip."
Ross grinned and replied, "You agreed to do it this way and keep it this way until your car is repaired. I want to see you smooth as a baby."
Glaring at Ross Kristi picked up the scissors and began trimming the hair from her landing strip, Carefully she trimmed her pubic hair as close as she could to her pussy. Ross stood over her watching intently as she trimmed away what small amount of hair she had. Once the trimming was done she applied shaving gel to the remaining stubble and using the razor removed all trace of the landing strip she was so proud of.
Drying herself Kristi looked at her pussy, completely bare for the first time in years. She had always thought pubic hair made her look grown up. Keeping it trimmed into a landing strip made her feel sophisticated. She was back to feeling like a little girl now.
Shyly she looked up at Ross asking "Is that what you wanted?".
Smiling broadly Ross nodded his head, "Exactly what I wanted to see, now you need to put some sunscreen on before going outside. Want some help?".
Kristi glared at him replying "No, I can do it." and began applying sunscreen. First to both arms and then her legs as she would normally do. It felt odd to apply sunscreen to her tits and pussy but she knew that those areas would need it the most. After completing her front she began applying it to her back.
Watching her struggle to apply sunscreen to her back Ross asked once more if she needed help.
Reluctantly Kristi agreed to let Ross apply sunscreen to her back. First he applied a liberal dose of sunscreen to both of his hands and then for the first time touched the 24 year old's naked body sending shivers down to her toes. Carefully he rubbed the sunscreen over her shoulders and down her back paying careful attention to each ass cheek. As he neared the bottom of her ass he started working in to apply some between her legs.
"I'll get that" Kristi spoke softly as she closed her legs to ward his fingers away from her moist pussy. Kristi applied sunscreen to that very private area and then let Ross lead her to the secluded backyard where she could tan while he looked over her car.
"Mmmmm" was all the exposed 24 year old could say as she felt the warmth of the sun directly on her nipples With nothing between her and the sun she could instantly feel it's warmth all over her body.
Ross let her soak up the sun for a minute while he soaked in her beauty before directing her to a lounge chair he had placed in full sun near the garage. Laying down in the chair Kristi looked Ross in the eyes and spread her legs wide open. Then taking her hands she spread her pussy lips and asked "Like what you see?"
Laughing Ross said "You wouldn't be here if I didn't.". With that he left the brunette to tan as he put together a list of parts needed to fix the squeak she was hearing.
Looking over the car Ross quickly confirmed his suspicions, the front brake pads were badly worn and in need of replacement. Unfortunately she had let it go far to long and the rotors were bad too. He also found leaking calipers and cracked brake hoses requiring him to do a major overhaul on the front end. After making a list of everything he needed he checked the rear finding it much the same.
Checking his list carefully Ross made sure he knew everything that was necessary to get the brakes on her 2012 Malibu back into top condition. As it needed almost everything brake related the cost for parts was well over $400. Ross felt his cock harden as he thought about her "payment for his services" to get the car back in good condition.
Stepping back outside Ross took a good look at the naked 24 year old beauty tanning in his backyard. She had finished tanning her front and had turned over putting her beautiful ass on display. He couldn't believe what she was willing to do to have her car worked on. If she had only asked Ross would have done the work without all of this, he may have even paid for it to keep her safe. But she had said she would do anything and he decided to push the issue and see if she really meant it.
Pulling up a chair in front of Kristi gave Ross a great view of her nude body. Kristi turned back over exposing her lightly bronzed tits and pubic area to Ross. After some idle chat Ross reminded her of the remainder of her requirements for today.
Embracing her do it right mantra for the day Kristi started by making a show of applying lotion to her hands. Working slowly up her legs she made them glisten with lotion as she moved to her freshly shaved pubic area. Looking Ross in the eyes she carefully teased her clit moaning softly at her touch. Continuing her slow and sensuous massage of her body she finally reached her tits. Letting a smile escape she lightly squeezed them.
Falling into a trance Kristi closed her eyes as she continued to massage her tits, leaving her left hand to tease and tug on her nipples Kristi moved her right hand down to her pussy. Using her index finger to slowly and carefully draw circles around her clit causing her to shudder from the intense feeling. Slowly she let her orgasm build being not to put herself over the edge just yet.
Opening her eyes she noticed Ross mesmerized with her. Kristi's smile widened when she saw him rubbing the large bulge in his pants. Content with the effect she was having on him Kristi again drifted into a trance as she felt the juices slowly running out of her pussy and down to her ass. Knowing she was on the verge of not being able to stop the bronzed brunette beauty slipped a finger inside of her leaking hole and found that perfect spot to taunt her pussy to another huge orgasm.
Her moans began to increase in volume as she felt the orgasm she had been holding back reach the point of no return. Starting at her toes she tensed every muscle in her body and screamed as the violent orgasm exploded in her aching pussy. Writhing in ecstasy Kristi rode the orgasm to it's peak then slowly back down as it began to subside.
For a few minutes the beautiful young girl remained silent with her eyes shut, her glistening body on display in the bright sunlight. Slowly she began to emerge from the post orgasm coma she had fallen into becoming aware once again of where she was.
Seeing her began to stir Ross smiled at the young brunette and asked if she was finished.
"Um, yeah" was all the spent brunette could muster. Feeling the effects of the sun on her she asked if they could move to the shade of the patio while she recovered.
Moving to the patio Ross offered her some water to help her recover. As they both rested and hydrated slowly they began to chat. Initially they talked about general things much like two friends would do. The weather, the latest gossip in town, what Kristi had heard at the diner when Ross wasn't there.
Ross wanted to know more about Kristi but rather than blatantly ask her he decided to tell her some about himself in hopes she would open up. Most of what he said she already knew, he was obviously single, never married and was semi-retired. He had done well for himself as a traveling IT consultant and for several years had worked on the biggest problems that paid the most money. His time on the road had allowed him to study investing and he had also been successful at that. Eventually he realized he didn't need to work anymore and decided to semi-retire and make his truck restoration hobby somewhat of a profession.
Much like before Kristi became engaged in a normal discussion with Ross and forgot she was naked. Ross told her about the places he had visited and some of the things he had done personally and professionally while he enjoyed the view of the young naked girl in front of him with her legs spread wide. At times Kristi would unconsciously touch her engorged pussy lips unaware at the show she was providing. Oblivious and uncaring at what she was doing, Kristi was enjoying the conversation they were having as she was seldom able to dp so with her friends in the small town.
Slowly Ross began to draw Kristi's story out of her, he had learned that sometimes it took some work to get a person to open up. Kristi was one of those people, slowly she opened up telling him small things about herself. Kristi had lived in the small town all of her life and had started at the diner five years ago when she was 19.
Ross asked about family, and sensed a reluctance to go into details. Backing off he redirected the conversation to other topics. Life in a small town, more diner politics eventually getting back personal asking about boyfriends.
Kristi was surprised at how freely she gave her information to Ross, even more so that she did it while she was nude. She had not expected Ross to be interested in her as a person, just as a body to stare at.
Slowly she began to open up, after she turned 18 Kristi had been intimate with two boyfriends both of whom were ex-boyfriends now. And while she hadn't really had sex with another girl she had made out with her bff on a dare for her 19th birthday. The had made out and played with each others tits but that was as far as it had went. For the last year or so she hadn't done much except work and go to the gym.
Ross wanted to know more but felt today wasn't the day to push her. Gradually he steered the conversation back to her car and suggested they step into the garage.
Reluctantly Kristi followed Ross into the garage to find out what her car needed. As she stood she admired the all over tan she was beginning to get. Realizing it would take a few more days to really bring it out she wondered if Ross would give her some free days in his backyard just to tan nude.
As they entered the garage Ross explained to Kristi what he had found and what needed to be done. Ross enjoyed the irony of the situation, the naked brunette glistening from the tanning lotion and sweat, her engorged pussy lips and freshly shaved pubic area on display intently listening to him explain what he had found and what needed repaired.
Even though she wasn't that familiar with cars Kristi was smart and asked enough questions to understand the importance of fixing everything. She also understood that it would be an expensive repair. Asking additional questions Kristi found that Ross had chosen higher quality parts for critical areas while saving money on less critical items. Even though she wouldn't be paying with her hard earned dollars her body would be picking up the check.
They finally got down to the last question Kristi had, "What is this going to cost me?"
Ross smiled and laid out the price of the next installment. Kristi's eyes grew wide at what he was asking her to do next. She remembered him saying "bigger repairs required bigger payments" but this might be out of her payment ability.
Feeling discouraged by the news Ross had given her Kristi thanked him and pulled the coverup back over her body even though it did little to cover her. Buttoning it up completely the carefree girl from this morning slowly crawled back into the car feeling defeated. Giving Ross a lukewarm goodbye Kristi drove out of the garage and went home.
It was near supper when Kristi left the garage and she managed to avoid anyone on the short drive home. Carefully scanning the parking lot there were no neighbors around so she quickly exited the car and went back inside.
Entering her apartment Kristi removed the coverup and remained naked, slowly becoming accustomed to being naked. Showering she replayed the days events in her mind; the exuberance she had felt at being seen, the enjoyment she had performing for Ross again, the feeling of being able to tan naked with only him seeing her.
Without even thinking about it Kristi remained naked after her shower. Fixing herself a light supper while she continued to go over the events of the day, her mind racing with the details of what she had done and what she had been asked to do next.
Crawling into bed that night Kristi finally concluded that what Ross had asked her to do wasn't something she hadn't done before. Still she wasn't sure if she wanted to continue down this path.