It was another warm night on kephallonia as Kassandra sat on the roof of her home gazing out over the sea.
She lay back to take in the view and sipped at her wine enjoying the peace and quiet. She loved quiet days and nights like these by herself when she got time to relax on her own, it was a welcome break from the demanding mercenary work she was used to. Despite it being late in the evening it was still relatively hot so she decided to go for a swim, lake Abythos was only a short distance away. Even though she lived right beside the sea the taste of salt and crashing of the waves made it hard to relax. The lake was also warmer and more private.
There was barely even a breeze as she made her way through the countryside. Already sweating she couldn't wait to take a relaxing dip. Eventually she got there and let out a deep breath, taking in her surroundings.
A couple of seconds later Kassandra slipped her thin dress off her shoulders and down her long legs, pooling at her bare feet. She even untied her hair and let it fall open, leaving absolutely nothing at all on her body. Now totally naked as the day she was born the brunette raised her arms above her head and stretched, feeling the warm evening sun on every inch of her bare skin.
Putting one leg forward she dipped her toes in the water. It was amazing, just cool enough to be refreshing and warm enough to be welcoming. She felt better with each step as it enveloped her and took the weight off her toned body.
Plunging below the surface Kassandra embraced the liberating experience of the water flowing unrestricted over every part of nude body. The feeling of water coursing through her long brown hair was refreshing but she particularly enjoyed the sensation of freedom between her legs.
Coming up for air she brushed the hair away from her face and treaded water. After swimming around for a little she got a little tired and decided to go to the top of the small cliff overlooking the lake to relax. Putting her hands on either side of her she dangled her legs over the edge.
From up here she had another good view of the ocean, it was one of the benefits of living on a small island. wanting to let the sun dry her before it set Kassandra lay down and looked up at the sky. With one hand behind her head and another resting on her soft belly she closed her eyes in contentment and accidentally fell asleep.
Woken by a "meh eh eh" sound Kassandra sat straight up in a flash. Throwing an arm over her sizeable chest and clampimg her legs together she glanced around frantically in all directions.
Her stomach tingled slightly with fear, was someone watching her? The woman's eyes wide with panic scanned the trees for any sign of life but found nothing. What was she going to do? Her clothes were all the way down on the other side of the lake. As her mind desperately tried to come up with a solution she heard leaves rustling, her heart skipped a beat and her breath caught in her lungs. Staying completely still and not daring to make a sound the brunette discovered the source of the noise.
It was one of the many wild goats that roamed the island. The brunette let out a sigh of relief and laughed to herself at how stupid she had been. Lake Abythos was private and remote, only being used by her and the occasional small herd of goats who drank from it sometimes. Removing her arm from covering her breasts she noticed how stiff her nipples had gotten, but she reasoned it was because the evening was getting a little cooler. What she couldn't explain however was the warmth and wetness between her legs as she opened them to stand up.
A few more goats had shown up as well, this was usually her cue to get dressed and head home to let the goats drink in peace. Tonight though she felt different. The sun was still up, Kassandra figured that she mustn't have been asleep very long. The ocean view was beautiful and the fading heat of the evening sun felt amazing all over her bare skin.
Sitting on the edge of the small cliff she could see the wildlife round the lake below. One of them was eating some grass near where she was sitting. On a whim she got up and walk over to pet it, the soft grass was between her toes caressing her bare feet. As she approached the animal it didn't react, wild goats weren't afraid of people. Though a beautiful naked woman was certainly not a threat to anyone.
Now only a couple of feet from it the harmless creature it raised its head to look at her. Kassandra reached out her hand and rubbed the goat under its chin, something it seemed to enjoy very much. Moving to stand right next to her the creature nuzzled its head on her tummy, unintentionally touching her breasts and tickling her nipples occasionally. A few minutes later the goat walked away towards the lake. Feeling a little flustered after experiencing the animal's sensations on her nude body Kassandra decided it was time to go.
Stepping up to the edge of the cliff she prepared to dive in. She would always dive in and swim to back to to the other shore before leaving then let the heat dry her on the walk home.
Leaning forward a little with her arms above her head, ass pushed out slightly and bending her knees the brunette jumped off. With her body stretched totally straight she flew through the water as it flowed over her naked form once more. Coming to the surface she let out a breath before swimming to the shore. Her clothes weren't there though. She thought perhaps she'd left them somewhere else but after after a few minutes she still couldn't see anything. Glancing around she eventually spotted them but instead of relief she felt only panic, a couple of the goats had eaten her dress, the tingling in her stomach started again.
"Malaka" she whimpered.
With nothing to cover her modesty Kassandra hugged her body trying to decide what to do. She had to get home but couldn't use the road, it was too well traveled and she was certain to be seen. Forced to go the long way home the tall brunette streaked through the landscape, hiding behind the trees anytime she thought she heard something. The rough bark against her soft skin and the grass under her bare feet was a constant reminder her of her nakedness.
While the rest of her had dried off from her swim in the warm evening sun her womanhood and the hand covering it only seemed to be growing wetter. That along With her erect nipples poking into the arm across her breasts caused her to drop her arms and just run normally. She was in a hurry and being cautious was taking too much time.
Nervously prancing through the environment like a graceful deer the nude woman kept feeling her breasts bounce as she moved. Her toned hips and legs looked good in the sunlight too, despite the current situation Kassandra couldn't help but admire herself. The tingling sensation in her lower stomach continued to grow as well. It was more than just fear however, it also filled her with a strange warmth.
Soon she came across a small building at the top of a hill which appeared to be deserted. Feeling a small sense of relief at the prospect of getting some clothes her shoulders relaxed slightly.
Hugging a nearby tree she waited for a few moments to make sure there was no one around. As her eyes glanced about for signs of life subconsciously the beauty pressed her bare body tightly against the tree. Without even being aware of it her athletic legs wrapped around the trunk. Her perfectly curved hips began to move as well, her tight ass tensing with every thrust as her body continued riding the tree without her mind's consent.
Ready to move Kassandra glanced down and was horrified. She immediately pushed herself away from the tree and put her hand over her open mouth in shock. Unable to comprehend what had just happened she forced it out of her mind and concentrated on getting some clothes.
To be continued...