Author's Note:
This is a CUCKOLD story! If you don't like cuckold stories and chose to comment and vote, at least have the "BALLS" to comment with your user name, and not hide behind the anonymous button. I only delete anonymous pussies comments!
Chapter. 2
In The Morning Light
Lori woke to bright sunshine on her face as she stretched and realized that she had slept alone last night.
She sprung out of bed and found Kyle on the couch, asleep in his boxers, with a half-dozen empty beer cans scattered on the coffee table. Lori glared at her husband as she shoved his leg with her foot to awaken him.
He slowly came too and perked up at the sight of her sexy sheer pink teddy.
"Fuck... Did I ever miss out last night," Kyle said in a droll, hungover voice.
"Yeah, you sure did. I was hoping you would teach me some of the things you learned from thosesluts you whored around with in college!"she gouged.
Kyle didn't know just how to take that, but his morning wood had taken notice of his gorgeous wife, and he had to force himself not to reach for it.
"How about a good-morning kiss there, beautiful?" he asked.
Lori kissed him with a fiery passion that should have burnt down the cabin. She sucked, nibbled, and teased his lips with her tongue until he let her in. Then they passionately explored each other's mouths, battling over who was going to suck who's tongue, driving Kyle wild. Lori reached for the tent in his boxers, and his cock was as stiff as she had ever felt it.Although,Lori thought to herself,she had never had another cock to compare it to.
Still, she seriously considered straddling him right there on the sofa. But then she thought,no, if he wanted to have sex with me, then he would have come to bed when I offered last night,as she squeezed his cock until he winced, let go, and spun on her heels.
"I'll make us some breakfast," Lori coldly announced as she lifted the back of her teddy, showed him her pantiless ass and sashayed away.
His hopes that Lori had gotten over being mad at him for something Kyle couldn't do anything about were dashed. But then he had a slightly more pressing issue as he grabbed his enlarged member and headed to the bathroom, hoping he could take a piss before his bladder exploded.
After a few minutes of splashing cold water over his boner while he thought about his grandmother naked, he was able to get the image of Lori's sashaying ass out of his head and take a piss. Then he grabbed his Dopp kit, did his morning routine, got dressed, and came out for breakfast, not sure what to expect.
Lori sat waiting at the small square table. She had made bacon with sunny-side-up eggs and toast, and he could not help but notice her splayed legs and fiery red bush on full display as he pulled out his chair and sat. Kyle could tell by the sour look on her face this wasn't for his pleasure. She was just making sure he got a good look at what he had missed out on last night and what he wouldn't be getting any of. Any time soon!
Kyle tried to lighten the mood with witty conversation and reminded her that they were going fishing on one of the best largemouth bass lakes in the country. Lori listened but seemed rather disinterested as they ate, and at one point, her right hand disappeared below the table.
Before long, her eyes fluttered closed as her head tipped back, mouth agape. Kyle had no doubt about what she was doing as her moans went from tiny whines to outright gasps. But unlike Meg Ryan in When Harry Met Sally, Lori was not faking it.
He could hear the wet sloshing as she rapidly fingered herself and came with a resounding crescendo of howling moans. Then Lori leaned forward, put her left hand in front of her face, and beckoned Kyle to come closer with a wicked smile.
Kyle cautiously leaned closer as Lori brought her hand from under the table and flipped him off with her glistening middle finger. Then she bobbled her head with a smug, how do you like me now loser look on her face as she waved it under his nose.
Until that moment, he never thought Lori could be so cruel, and his heart was splitting in two. Kyle was sure he had lost her to some twisted revenge fantasy that she had gleaned from one of those extreme sex blogs she reads.
Kyle stood and walked away before Lori could see the tears welling in his eyes.
"If you want to go fishing, be at the dock in thirty minutes," he choked out as he opened the door and left without looking back. He jumped in his truck and headed for the boat launch. It was about a five-minute walk from the cabin, so Lori would have plenty of time toclean herself upand get to the dock if she wanted to go fishing.
Kyle had the boat idling in their slip when Lori strolled up and stood there with her hands on her hips and a combative look on her face. She had on a bright tropical print wraparound dress that was very sexy on her. But it wasn't exactly (a day on the lake) fishing attire.
"Are you going fishing?" she asked.
"I thoughtwewere going fishing?" Kyle countered.
"I want this argument settled now!" she sternly stated.
"What do you want from me, Lori?" Kyle asked in despair.
"I think you know Kyle. Don't make me say it," Lori growled through clenched teeth.
Kyle was at his wit's end. He knew she wanted him to give her Carte-blanche to experience other men. Then Kyle thought to himself,why sugarcoat it. She wants to whore around the way she has convinced herself that he did before they ever met, no less.
Kyle had thought about things long and hard last night before he fell asleep on the couch. And as much as it would hurt him to do it, he knew he would have to set her free and hope she came back to him, like in that quote by (Richard Bach).
"If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were."
But Kyle wasn't going to give Lori Carte-blanche without some stipulations.
"I was really hoping it didn't come to this. But here we are," Kyle said solemnly, then bucked-up and laid things out for Lori.
"I'm going to give you three choices," Kyle said as plainly as he could through the twisting lump in his throat.
"First, you can drop this whole thing, and we will never speak of it again," Kyle stated, then paused, hoping that he need not continue.
"I'm listening," Lori said as she looked at him dubiously.
"Second, I will grant you a hall pass to fuck anybody you want while we are here,on our anniversary vacation!"he jabbed, hoping to stir up some guilt. "This is a one-time offer, and the second we leave, that's it. And we will never speak of it again."
Kyle paused, really hoping he didn't have to say the third choice out loud. But Lori had shown no reaction to his desperate attempt to reach her, and it seemed inevitable.
"And my third choice?" she asked with snide impatience.
That was just enough disrespect to overcome the pain that was desperately trying to stop him from saying the words.
"You can turn around and start walking... And don't look back!" Kyle choked out, then quickly turned away so Lori wouldn't see him cry as the words reverberated in his head and broke his heart.
Lori knew Kyle had put a lot of thought into, and meant what he said. She loved her husband dearly and hated to see him in so much pain, but she had already made her decision, and Kyle was right. This wasn't about what had happened in their lives after that day in the coffee shop. It was about all the things she missed being a good girl, keeping her legs closed, ignoring all her friends who kept telling her how great sex was!
"I'll take the hall pass," Lori declared as if she was ordering a grilled cheese sandwich at a diner.
As much as it hurt him to hear the love of his life say that, it was better than the third choice; and what he had expected. Then Kyle wiped his eyes and pulled himself together, taking solace in the fact that they were at a fishing resort full of mostly older couples and old buddy's who were here on their yearly 'get-away from their wifes' fishing trips.
Oh, Kyle was sure that if Lori put on the charm, some of those old fishing trip bachelor's would be more than happy to throw her a bone. Then he felt a smile cross his lips for the first time since the drive here as he thought to himself,that is if they brought their viagra!
Lori knew the odds of finding a hot stud to fuck her senseless at this fishing resort out in the middle of nowhere weren't very good. But she had got what she wanted, and even if Lori didn't find anyone who wanted to fuck her, she was still going to have some fun.
Though it was obvious Kyle had been crying, Lori saw the hint of a smile on his face when he turned to look at her. She really did want to go fishing with him and hoped the special outfit she bought for the occasion would cheer Kyle up as she slowly loosened the tie of her wraparound dress.
Kyle took note with wide-eyed shock and scanned the area to see if anyone was around, sure his wife was about to get naked on the dock and go on the hunt for cock!
Then Lori yanked the tie, dropped her dress, and smiled brightly.
Kyle conceded that she wasn't completely naked in her neon greenmicro bikini!But then his eyes zeroed in on her crotch, and he stared in disbelief.
Lori knew why Kyle had that dumbfounded look on his face as she brought her hand to her crotch and pulled the narrow 'token' triangle of neon green fabric aside.
Kyle was stunned as he stared at her perfect shaven pink rose, with her excited button pushing past its hood, below a red neatly trimmed half-inch wide runway.
Lori let the thin strip of fabric snap back, straightened the neon green dental floss around her waist, and arranged the crotch so that it covered her pussy lips. Barely!
He couldn't help but notice the change in her attitude when she took the hall pass. It was like flipping a light switch, but Kyle was under no illusion that she had forgiven him, and he knew Lori wouldjumpon the first opportunity to use her hall pass.
"Let's go fishing," she said, sounding happy for the first time since her blow-up in the truck.
Kyle was still trying to process giving his wife carte-blanche for a week, and it took a moment to register what she said. Then he held out his hand and helped Lori aboard. The boat wobbled a bit, and he grabbed a handful of bare ass to steady her, purely by accident, of course.
Lori lifted the front seat, retrieved the SPF 50 sunscreen, and handed it to Kyle. Then turned her back to him, gathered her hair, and held it up out of the way. Her porcelain skin burns easily, and Kyle was always more than happy to lotion her body. Besides, it was more than likely the only way he would get his hands on her for the next week.
Kyle squirted some in his palm and warmed the lotion between his hands. He started at her shoulders, then carefully worked up her neck to the hairline and gently covered her earlobes. He warmed more lotion and continued down her back, enjoying the feel of her supple smooth skin under his hands.
When Kyle got to the small of her back, he half-considered leaving a tramp-stamp-shaped void in lotion so she would have a burning reminder of him when she was on her back getting fucked by some random stranger! But then his hands continued to tenderly work in the sunscreen the way they always had.
Next, he got a little handsy as he lotioned her ass and tried not to laugh at the absurdly tiny neon green strings that constituted the T-back of her bikini. When Kyle finished the back of her legs, Lori spun and held out her arms. Kyle grabbed the lotion, stood, and noticed how hard her nipples were. When he looked up, she was staring at the bulge in his shorts with an evil grin.
Lori knew how crazy this was making Kyle, and just thinking about how much his more than week-old, pent-up, blue-balls must hurt made her nipples hard and her pussy wet.
Kyle ignored his aching blue-balls and started at her shoulders. He worked his way down each arm, caressing her hands and interlacing their fingers with a squeeze as he finished. Lori closed her eyes, and Kyle caught a glimpse of the beautiful innocent soul he had married. Then he carefully applied the sunscreen to her face as tears streamed down his.
He wiped his eyes with his shoulders before Lori opened hers and quickly moved on to her chest. She could do the rest herself, but he was sure she would much rather watch him squirm and suffer.
Kyle started under her chin, worked his way around her neck, and grasped a little too tight, earning him a beady-eyed glare. He moved lower, cautiously applying lotion over the crests of her full breasts, around the sides, working his fingers under the tiny green strings.
"Don't be shy, hubby. I wouldn't want you to miss a spot. Who knows? This bikini top might just fall off while we're fishing," Lori said sarcastically.
Kyle took the hint, put a big squirt of lotion on his hands, and without warming it, slipped his fingers under the tiny neon green triangles of her bikini top. He felt her already hard nipples spring to full bullet status as she shivered and tensed. But to his surprise, Lori didn't protest as he groped her tits and rolled her nipples under his palms while he liberally applied the sunscreen. Her eyes started to close as a low shuddering breath escaped her lips, then Lori grabbed his wrists and held his hands still.
"Okay, that's good enough, hubby," she purred. "Now finish up, and try to save a little lotion for yourself."
He moved his still covered hands down her hard belly, out over the high curves of her hips, up her sides, and swiped them over her tits to collect the last bit of excess lotion before starting down her belly again. He ran his finger along and under the dental floss waistband of her bikini until it was time to reload.
Kyle warmed more lotion, then continued under the waistline of her bikini and worked out over the width of her hips, being sure to overlap the work he had done from behind. Then Lori put her hands on her hips and closely watched Kyle as he worked toward the narrow neon green triangle in her crotch. When he got within a hair's breadth of it, she disapprovingly cleared her throat. Kyle skirted away and began to work down her inner thighs.
Lori lifted one leg onto the seat and then the other, so he could cover everything from her knees to her perfect little piggies. Kyle thought he was finished when Lori pushed on his head and set him back on his haunches. Then she sat in front of him and spread her legs.
"I think you missed a spot," Lori said with a sultry lilt as she pulled up on the tiny strings of her bikini bottoms and made the narrow, neon green triangle all but disappear between her wet engorged pussy lips.
Kyle was already feeling a little sick to his stomach from the throbbing ache in his groin, and her display had sent him into visual overload. He clutched at his crotch as he doubled over in pain, much to Lori's delight.
"What's the matter, hubby? Your balls, a little full," Lori crowed, then a chorus of wicked cackles rolled off her tongue.
It was clear to Kyle that Lori had been reading about and watching a much more diverse mix of sexual genres than he could have ever imagined!
"Well... Come on, finish the job, hubby. I wanna go fishing!" Lori chided.
Kyle shakily put more sunscreen on the tips of his finger and cautiously raised his hands to her crotch. Lori took his wrists and guided his fingertips into the tender creases on either side of her pussy lips, then let go with an approving smile.
The throbbing pain in his groin was almost overwhelming as he gently rubbed the lotion into the sensitive creases. Lori giggled and twitched, causing his right hand to brush along the edge of her wet engorged pussy lip, leaving behind a blob of excess sunscreen. Lori scowled, snatched his ear, and pulled his face close to her pussy.
"Did I say you could touch my pussy," she growled. The sight and smell of her hot pussy, so close, sent a new wave of pain through his groin.
"Uh... S-s-sorry," Kyle stuttered.
Lori brought her other hand to her crotch and smeared the blob over her pussy lips, teasing and spreading them as she twisted his ear harder and drew him closer. Then she let go, shoved his forehead, and sent Kyle flailing backward. He landed on his ass with his back against the console as Lori spun the swivel seat and faced forward without bothering to straighten the crotch of her bikini.
"Let's go fishing," she said matter of factly.
Kyle gathered himself, stood, and quickly slathered sunscreen on his nose, ears, forearms, and from his knees to his shorts. Then he unmoored the boat and made his way out of the marina. As soon as Kyle cleared the dock, he gunned the engine and headed across the lake. There were actually miles of interconnected lakes, so there were almost endless coves to fish. Lori waved as they passed some occupied coves, just hoping that someone would take notice of her, for all intents and purposes, naked tits and long flowing red hair.
Most were too busy fishing to notice a boat speeding across the lake, but when a couple of guys waved back with big smiles, Kyle actually felt proud.
He finally found a good spot, cut the engine, and coasted into a secluded cove ringed with lily pads and cattail reeds. Lori got the first hit and pulled in a nice largemouth bass.
"How about strip-fishing?" she asked with a Cheshire grin.
Kyle was all for that, even though, as much as he hated to admit it, Lori was a better fisherman than him.
"Sure, I could use some sun," he said as he pulled off his shirt, sure he would be naked soon enough.
It was late afternoon when they got hungry and decided to head back. Lori had lost her top during the game while Kyle sat naked next to his shoes, socks, underwear, shorts, and the shirt he had peeled off, knowing it wouldn't matter anyway.
Kyle grabbed his shorts and started to put them on.
"Uh... just a minute there, buster! Aren't you forgetting something?" She playfully chided.
"Yeah, okay," he replied and tossed his shorts back on the pile. They had agreed to wear whatever they had left on, back to the dock.
He loved the idea of Lori riding back to the dock topless. But Kyle wasn't so sure if it was a good idea for him to show up nude, and he hoped there was no one around when they returned.
As Kyle pulled out of the cove, Lori stood and leaned back against the console. She was going to make sure everyone got a good look at her tits on their way back.
Kyle enjoyed the breeze over his concealed nakedness behind the console as Lori enthusiastically waved at everyone they saw. Most of the fishermen paid her no mind, but a few took notice and enthusiastically waved back. When they passed by one of the big party pontoons that regularly cruise the chain of lakes, Lori received mixed reviews. Sunglasses were raised and lowered, and the men were very appreciative, but their girlfriends and wives were not! Kyle was actually amused by her antics, and on some level, had accepted her week of freedom.
When they got to the dock, Kyle was relieved to see no one around. Lori slipped on her Bikini top and moored the boat while Kyle got dressed. Then he grabbed the bucket with their freshly caught dinner in it, and they headed for the truck.
On the way back to the cabin, Kyle tried to suppress a chuckle as he envisioned some old woman chasing hisnakedwife around the fishing resort with a broom after she caught Lori with her husband. And he could just imagine how disappointed Lori would be when she figured out that those old, fishing tripbachelorsweren't up for the wild sex she really wanted.
Lori assumed that whatever Kyle was trying not to chuckle about was at her expense.
"And just what is so funny," she asked with an accusatory tone.
"Oh, I was just picturing you, running through the resort naked while some old lady chased you with a broom after she caught you fucking her husband," Kyle replied, snickering like 'Muttley' as he tried to hold back a full-on belly laugh.
"Ha... Ha... Very funny. But I'm sure there are a few guys here that left their fat, frumpy old wives at home and would be more than happy tofuck your hard-bodied little Hotwife!"Lori shot back with some venom.
There was a hint of humor in her voice; until that last jab,ouch!But now the gloves were off, and Kyle came back with a low blow.
"Yeah, I can picture a couple of those old guys passed out on the floor while you stand there glaring at them, frustrated and frigging yourself!" he replied.
Lori crossed her arms and gave him a side-eye glare, second-guessing how quickly she had jumped at his offer. Lori had thought Kyle gave her the hall pass, with the understanding that it was what she needed to move forward in their marriage and become the woman he knew she could be. But now, she was feeling like Kyle had played her, and her anger was quickly coming to a boil.
"Well, I have seven days to find out what I've been missing, and I'm damned well going to make the most of it," Lori huffed as Kyle pulled up to the cabin.
He parked, and as they were getting out of the truck, a black Suburban with mirror tinted windows, custom chrome hoops, and the music bumpin' pulled up to the cabin next door.
Kyle was keenly aware of Lori's micro bikini as she came around in front of the truck and stood there with great anticipation on her face. Then not one, or two, or even three, but four handsome young Hispanic men stepped out of the Suburban.
They were all wearing white wife-beaters with various official team logo athletic shorts and expensive kicks. Kyle pegged the driver as the oldest, in his early to mid-twenties, with a definite ladies-man bad-boy vibe. The youngest looked barely eighteen, and the other two were somewhere in between.
The bad boy immediately noticed Lori, and they all swiveled their gaze in her direction like a pack of wolves homing in on their prey.
"Hey, Holmes.Momma's HOT!"the bad boy called out, followed by an almost ear-piercing cat-call from one of the other young men.
"Daaaaaaamn!"the youngest drawled out as he grabbed his crotch and yanked at his junk.
Kyle turned to see Lori arched up on her tiptoes, chest out, head cocked slightly with a wanton smile. He stared at the two tiny neon green triangles, suspended in mid-air atop her rock-hard bullets as she girlishly waggled her body at the young men. Kyle wanted to grab Lori, throw her in the truck (to hell with the boat and their stuff), take off, and never look back. But he had made the rules, and he knew if he tried to change them now, choice three would be back on the table.
Then Kyle looked back at the men to see the oldest and obvious leader thumbing towards the young men's cabin.
"Let the nice people alone, vatos, and get the coolers inside," he said. They started unloading the Suburban, and the bad boy took a few steps towards Kyle and smiled friendly-like.
Lori side-stepped to Kyle and tightly wrapped her arm around his waist as she leaned her head against his arm. Kyle was surprised by her sudden affection, but he noted that Lori never broke eye contact with the bad boy.
"350?" he asked with genuine interest.
It took Kyle a second to get on the same page, considering that his head was spinning a thousand miles an hour, and he was sure 'Rod Serling' was playing some kind of cosmic joke on him.
"Uh... Na, the 350 was blown when I brought her back from Arkansas. So I shoe-horned in an LS3 with a custom overdrive 4L80," Kyle replied proudly. He could tell the bad boy was a car guy.
"Respect, Holmes. She's a beauty," he declared as he looked over the truck, but Kyle suspected the compliment was plural.
"Kyle did all the work himself," Lori giddily chimed in and smiled brightly at the bad boy.
Then the young man stepped up to Kyle and held out his hand.
"I'm Samuel. Nice to meet you, Kyle and..." he said.
"Lori," she blurted as Kyle stuck out his hand.
"Nice to meet you, Samuel," Kyle replied as the two men firmly shook hands. "You boys up here to do some fishing?" Kyle asked, doing a little fishing of his own, as he possessively put his arm around Lori's shoulders.
"Na, the mill is down for a week, maintenance and retooling. So me and the boys came up to do a littlepartying and blow off some steam,"Samuel replied with a truckload of innuendo as he eyeballed Lori with his best bad boy smolder.
Kyle felt a shiver run through Lori. But it wasn't fear he felt in her body language as she wagged under his arm like a shy little girl.
"Hey, you nice folks like to play Euchre?" Samuel asked offhandedly.
"We sure do," Lori replied a little too eagerly.
"Well, hey, we got plenty of beer. So come on over and join the party anytime. I'm sure Pedro and David are tired of Earnest and me kicking their asses," Samuel chuckled, "and it's always good to havefresh meat in the game!"Samuel said boldly, more confident in his reading of Lori's body language and the situation.
"Yeah, we'll keep that in mind," Kyle replied with obvious disinterest before Lori had a chance to speak up again.
Samuel took the hint, nodded politely, and headed back to his cabin. Lori gave Kyle a side-eye grin and held out her hand for the key. Kyle took his arm from around her shoulders, handed it over, and Lori strolled to the door like a cat in heat!
Kyle shook his head in disbelief, desperately wanting to wake up from this nightmare, as he grabbed the bucket of fish out of the truck and took them to the cleaning table beside the cabin.
Lori climbed into the shower and let the warm water cascade over her body as she thought about what those hot young studs would do to her when she came over to playEuchrelater.
She knew Kyle must be choking on the smart assed jokes he had made on their way back to the cabin.It serves him right,she thought as her hands found her hard nipples, pinching and twisting them the way she imagined those horny young men would as they groped and ravished her body. Then her hands slid down her belly to her throbbing clit as she thought about getting licked, sucked, fingered, and wildly fucked.
Lori wasn't sure why being cruel to Kyle had become such a turn-on for her, but she was half tempted to make him watch her playEuchrewith those horny young studs. Then she thought better of the idea. Lori wasn't sure Kyle could handle it, and she didn't like the idea of him being outnumbered four-to-one and getting hurt if he lost his temper!
After her shower, Lori went to the bedroom, rummaged through her clothes, and decided to wear the blouse and skirt she had worn for Kyle on the way to the cabin, minus panties! When she walked out of the bedroom, Kyle had finished cleaning the fish and was cutting up potatoes. She walked up behind him, put her arms around his waist, and snuggled against his back.
"Need any help, honey," she asked with genuine affection. Yes, Lori had her hall pass, and she intended to use it. But that didn't change the fact that she loved her husband deeply.
"Sure," he replied and pointed to the zucchini and summer squash, waiting to be cut up. Lori put on an apron and helped Kyle make dinner.
They had a surprisingly pleasant conversation as they ate those tasty fresh fillets and finished off the bottle of wine Lori had opened the night before. Somehow they had avoided the elephant in the room, and Kyle even mentioned how much he liked her outfit. Then he lamented, not getting much of a chance to enjoy it on the drive up.
After dinner, they cleared the table and did the dishes together, laughing and giggling as they recounted their eventful day on the lake. Then they retired to the living room. Kyle got on his laptop and tried to ignore the thumping music from next door while he checked on some of his important clients at the accounting firm. He knew everything was in order. He was really just trying to keep his mind off the boys next door.
Lori picked up her tablet and aimlessly flipped through some blog posts. But she couldn't get her mind off of Samuel, Earnest, Pedro, and David as she hummed and moved her body to the sexy Latin pop wafting through the open windows on this beautiful evening.
It was starting to get dark when Lori swiveled her hips toward Kyle, planted her foot on the couch, and spread her knees as she cleared her throat.
Kyle looked up to see the wicked grin on her face as he peered over his readers and rolled his eyes at her pantiless display! Then Lori stood and strutted to the bathroom like she was working the room at a gentlemen's club.
Kyle had been holding out hope that after giving Lori the hall pass, just knowing she was free to do as she wished would appease her. But now his stomach rolled with the certainty that Lori intended to use her hall pass; and who she intended to use it with!
Lori braided her hair into a tight ponytail, leaving a fringe of bangs and some wispy strands to frame her face. She knew Kyle preferred her long hair, free and flowing. He loved to run his fingers through it and snussele in it. But she had decided it would just get in the way and be a nuisance tonight.
She went full-out bar-slut with her makeup as she thought about those hot young studs using her ponytail for a handle while they took turns wildly fucking her Doggystyle. Lori dug around in her makeup bag, looking for the finishing touch, then found and applied her hooker red lipstick.
When Lori stepped out of the bathroom, she saw Kyle staring blankly at his computer with a forlorn look on his face, obviously regretting his decision to give her the hall pass.Well, it's a little late for that now,Lori thought to herself as she went into the bedroom and put on the stilettos she had planned to wear for their anniversary.
Then Lori strutted into the living room and planted her stilettos on either side of Kyle's feet.
"Well, are you ready to go? I'm sure Samuel and the boys are more than ready to have somefresh meat to play with!"Lori taunted.
Kyle looked up from his computer and stared at her incredulously.
"Yeah... I didn't think you'd be man enough to watch me playEuchre with four hot young studs!"Lori cruelly chided, then put her finger under her downturned chin and waggled her body at him with a facetious poor baby pout. Then she leaned in close and puckered up for a goodbye kiss, but Kyle didn't move to kiss her.
"Are you really going to do this?" He choked out, knowing the answer but not wanting to believe it.
"Did you really fuck fifteen to twenty different sluts before you married me?" Lori shot back.
"Keyword, Lori.Before!I have only been with you since the day we met,and you know that!"Kyle implored.
"And I have only been with you...EVER!"She spat, spun on her heels, and strutted out the door.
The Boys Next Door
Lori slammed the door, pissed.Selfish little prick,she thought, convinced that Kyle had tried to pull one over on her as she strutted over to the cabin next door.
Sure, Kyle had fucked all those sluts before they met, and Lori couldn't explain why it enraged her so, but that didn't matter. What mattered was that she only had a week to make up for everything she had missed out on, being agood girlfor all thoseyears,and she wasdamned well going to make the most of it!
But as she stepped up to the front door and knocked, Lori suddenly felt very nervous.
Samuel opened the door and stood there, mouth agape as he looked Lori over. Then he broke into a big welcoming smile that put her at ease.
"I heard you guys have aEuchre gamegoing and could use somefresh meat!"Lori suggestively declared, surprised by her boldness and the tingling sensation that coursed through her body as she said it.
Samuel leaned out the door with a sober look on his face. Lori thought he wanted to kiss her, but then he looked right past her.
"And your husband... Kyle?" He questioned as he scanned the area.
"Oh, he has some work stuff to do and told me to go;have a good time!"She purred, sure she hadn't fooled Samuel, and sure he didn't care.
"Well then, come on in and join the party,Mamacita!"Samuel replied slyly, letting Lori know he had no question as to why she was there.
Samuel took her hand as she stepped across the threshold into their cabin. The young men had gathered around to greet their guest, and one of them opened a beer and shoved it in her hand. Lori took a long slow pull off the beer as she swayed to the sexy Latin rhythm of the music. She was keenly aware of their hungry eyes scanning her body, and Lori felt tingly all over as goose-bumps covered her skin.
Then Lori lowered her beer, and one by one, met their hungry eyes, feeling a bit awkward about the situation she had put herself in. When her gaze came back to Samuel, he felt her uneasiness and began to introduce his friends. David, the youngest at 18, gently lifted and softly kissed the back of her hand with a smile that would melt the panties off any woman. Lori couldn't help but smile back as she thought about how crudely David had reacted to her in front of her husband that afternoon.
Then Samuel introduced Pedro, 19, and Earnest, 22. Again the handsome young men kissed the back of her hand with a passion in their eyes that went straight to her pantiless pussy, practically setting it on fire!
Samuel took her beer and sat it on the table where their beers and last half-played hand of Euchre lay waiting to be finished. Then Samuel put his arm around Lori, pulled her close, and tenderly caressed her face as they scanned each other's eyes. She went limp in his strong arm, sure he was going to kiss her this time as he brought his gorgeous full lips close to hers.
"We know why you're here,Mamacita!And you're going to get everything you came for,and more," Samuel declared, then kissed her deeply. Lori fell into his passionate kiss with everything she had until he broke their kiss and firmly gripped her chin. Her body shivered with a mix of fear and excitement as he looked deep into her eyes with pure unadulterated lust.
"Just know this... If your husband comes-a-knockin' or you change your mind and saySTOP!"Samuel said, then sternly looked around at his amigos before looking back into her eyes. "It's over, and you will have to leave... You understand?" Samuel asked Lori with genuine respect.
"Yes," Lori shuddered as a wave of lust coursed through her body, thinking about what these hot young men were going to do to her. Then Samuel spun her around, gripped her shoulders, and began passionately kissing her neck. Earnest stepped in and kissed her deeply as Pedro started to unbutton her blouse. David dropped to his knees, and ran his hands up the back of her thighs, gripped her bare ass, then forced his face between her knees and started kissing his way up her inner thighs.
Lori was going out of her mind as every kiss and touch sent tingling sensations through her body. David had discovered her pantiless shaved pussy, and her knees were getting weak as he played with her very wet lips and excited clit.
"Let's make our guest more comfortable," Samuel said as he took off her shirt, unhooked her bra, and set them on an end table. Lori whimpered when David took his hand from her pussy and grinned at her as he licked his fingers clean. Then David pushed the coffee table out of the way while the other three groped and kissed Lori as they moved to the couch.
Earnest and Pedro sat on either side of Lori and aggressively groped her tits. David was back between her knees and kissing up her thighs as soon as her ass had hit the couch. Samuel moved behind the couch, gripped her ponytail, tipped her head back, and began to kiss Lori passionately. Lori reached for the bulges in Earnest and Pedro's shorts, gripped them tightly, and stroked their large rock-hard cocks through the thin nylon.
Then David pushed her skirt up, grabbed the back of her knees, lifted and spread her legs, and dove on her dripping wet pussy. Lori moaned into Samuel's mouth, then sucked his tongue deep into hers as David blissfully licked and sucked her pussy, like it was his last meal. Earnest and Pedro placed her stilettos between their legs and began to grope her tits as they attacked her sensitive bullets with their mouths.
Between Samuel's passionate tongue tangling kisses and David attacking her pussy as the boys groped her tits and greedily suckled her nipples, it was all too much. Lori screamed into Samuel's mouth as a powerful orgasm crashed through her. Samuel broke their kiss as David focused his swirling tongue on her clit. Lori cried out in ecstasy, and her body arched and trembled as endless waves of orgasmic bliss rattled her bones.
Finally, she could take no more and pushed David away from her oversensitive clit. Earnest and Pedro released her nipples, and Lori looked between her legs to see the glistening juices she had sprayed all over David's face running off his ear-to-ear grin.
Suddenly the tiny hairs on the back of her neck bristled with the sensation that they were being watched. But she quickly dismissed the idea, sure that Kyle was sulking into his second or third beer by now.
Then Lori fished Earnest and Pedro's hard cocks out of their shorts and stroked them as she took stock of how many firsts she had experienced, in the less than fifteen minutes, since she walked through their front door. It was the first time another man had passionately kissed her the way her husband did.
The first time another man had groped and sucked her tits. The first time another man had played with and eaten her pussy. The first time another man had made Lori cum. The first time she had wrapped her hands around another man's hard cock. The first time another man beside Kyle would be sliding his cock into her hot cunt. Then a delicious shiver ran up her spine as the fact that not just one man but four hot young studs would be fucking her senseless tonight; sank in.
David stood and held out his hands. Lori let go of Earnest and Pedro's cocks, and David pulled her to her feet. Then Lori gripped the sides of his head, pulled him close, and licked her dripping juices off his face with several wide tongue laps. Earnest and Pedro got to their feet as Samuel came from behind the couch. The three men dropped their shorts and stroked their very hard cocks as Lori and David fell into a passionate tongue tangling kiss.
After a moment, Samuel patted David's shoulder. David and Lori reluctantly broke their kiss, then David looked deeply into Lori's eyes, gripped her shoulders, and pushed her to her knees. Lori looked around the hard cocks being stroked inches from her face and knew there was about to be another first time on her long list as Lori hungrily smiled up at the hot young men.
Then David dropped his shorts, grabbed her head, and shoved his cock into her eager, waiting mouth as Lori batted her big beautiful green eyes up at him.
The HARD Truth!
Kyle watched his faithful wife of almost seven years walk out the door and slam it shut. He just sat there and stared blankly into space as an overwhelming emotional train wreck tore through his chest. But he had no one else to blame, he had made his bed, and his wife was about to fuck four young men in it.
To be continued!
Copyright © Hubby77
All rights reserved. No part of this story may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without written permission from the author, except for the use of brief quotations in reviews. Names of characters and or places are fictitious, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental unless otherwise stated in the text. This story contains mature themes, strong language, and sexual situations. It is intended for mature readers. All characters are 18+ years of age.