Part I --I prepare myself for a performance and recall a total exposure
I pamper myself for the event at home
The day of the event, before I leave, is full of that delicious mixture of dread and yearning. Hope you know what I mean. I have a list of things to do to get ready - a great way to harness the anticipation.
But I am getting ahead of myself. Let me rewind.
Early on today, that day of suspense and promise, when the moon is still pale and visible but about to disappear in the lightening sky, I see my husband off to work. I sit at breakfast with him, he dressed in fine business wear, I still in my bathrobe. Not unusual: he leaves early to catch a flight.
I can't resist -- I go back to bed, lie on my back, legs open, and masturbate. Perhaps I should save myself and nurse my arousal, to maximise the effect tonight? No need. Regardless of what I do now, I will experience peak arousal tonight. I simply need a release now -- 'need' is the word, not 'want' -- because if I don't get it, I will not be able to prepare myself with attention, deliberately and with purpose. My climax is high and dirty, not slow, subtle and manifold -- can't muster that kind of patience.
I allow myself a glass of wine. Mid-morning, while I draw my bath! Not by habit, mind you, but today is special. The wine is cold, the bath is hot! Delicious. I masturbate again in this exquisitely comfortable tub. I am so self-centred at the moment. I want another glass of wine, but don't allow myself a second. Enough is enough. I shouldn't lose concentration or even fall asleep. Wish someone would discipline me! I need to feel something hard and physical! Would whip marks arouse my viewers tonight?
My friend has requested that I shave all of my body, save the head of course. Of course? I did shave my head once too, a good few years back! Would do it again, you know I would, but can't really, and won't. My current shaving habits? I have been shaving my pubes for years, off and on, off and on. I have been in an 'off' period until today. Simply got tired of it again, anti-all-the-rage, and have just been trimming since. Wax my loins for the summer of course. My armpits are free of hair, since I had them lasered. Have to shave my legs only rarely, lucky me. Have rarely shaved my arms, but will do today, along with the rest of my body. Save the head as I said. Will relish the ever so slight burning sensation, especially across the areas I don't normally shave, my torso, my arms...
My pubes require the serious attention. They will have to be perfectly smooth in all crevices and folds. Throughout, I have to slow myself down. Take deep breaths. As I am agitated. I first shave with my electric clipper, crudely, down to a stubble. Next, I prepare the skin with a soothing cream. Then it is time to soap up and do the meticulous job with the safety razor, making sure I stretch the folds, nooks and crannies. The perineum is hard to do, hard to do carefully, but you can do it! Patience, girl! Take your breaths! You have all the time in the world. I love the actions; I love the sensations. The final hairs -- I conclude by feeling and stroking, finding and removing a stray hair here and there. I then terminate the process and oil and perfume the complete abdomen and vulva. The naughty areas done! (Naughty, why naughty?)
The rest of the body hardly needs shaving but I diligently put in the work, even lift my breasts by the nipple to shave underneath! My feet, my legs, belly, butt, what I can reach of my back, chest, neck... Not my chin and cheeks. Afraid to promote any hair growth there. Is that a myth?
Then rub in fragrant oils over the bulk of my naked body, slowly, deliberately. I have all the time in the world. Take your deep breaths, go easy! Take the time. Enjoy the sensations.
I am done by the early afternoon. There remain over three hours to kill before I have to be dressed and leave for the other town, my friend and my performance.
I throw on a warm dress, nothing else, ok... shoes, and take a good, vigorous walk in the nearby woodland park. Enjoy the bounce of my unsupported breasts and the free unclad feeling in my loins, touched by mysterious little flows of air.
When I return home there is still more than half an hour to go. I take a lengthy, nice and easy shower and oil myself again. I know, I am overdoing it! Beyond doubt, I am soft and smooth and smell good. Read for the things to come.
Meeting Martha, my accomplice
Then, thank god, the time has finally come. I should be getting ready to go. I pack an overnight bag with some clothes and toiletries to last me tonight and tomorrow. Out of the ordinary are the oil for slicking my hair back and the heavy eye make-up I am to wear at the event. Plus, the ornate Venetian half-mask I will wear over my eyes. I put on underwear, fine but simple items, no frills or lace. I might be undressing in public; I am not sure now. Martha has not said, but will know I crave the embarrassment. I choose a simple, but expensive bra and panty ensemble, sea green. A simple dress, made to measure, in blue. Thigh-high stockings, as taking off a pantyhose elegantly in public is a great challenge, too great, and unnecessary. The stockings are blue too.
Overall, I want to appear as a restrained, tasteful woman. Mature - as I am mature. I don't want to appear girly or whorish -- that does not become me. I study my well-dressed self in the mirror. My hair is nicely washed and reaches down to my shoulders. Well, that'll last the trip and meeting my friend... The audience during the event will not see my hair like this. They will see my hair slicked back and framing my partially masked face; to boot, my eyes will be framed by heavy make-up. The rest of my body will be as bare as can be.
A taxi picks me up and brings me to the station, where I catch a train to the other town. First class. The trip takes an hour. The carriage is quite full. I behave like a lady, coy and composed. I aim to appear neither aloof nor inviting. Restrained, but not hostile. But I am conscious of the other travellers looking at me, my body, as if they can read off my forehead what I am about to do. I suddenly realise that one of them might just see me tonight during my performance. Will she or he recognise me? I feel a tingle in my groin. Can't take care of that, here and now, alas.
My friend Martha receives me at the station at the other end. Holding me at arm's length, she says, 'You look great. Can't believe you are your age! I have noticed that before, but still I am surprised each time.'
Yes, I think I do look as good as she does, arrogant me, and she is over five years my junior!
'I know you are flattering me. But thanks. I need the support. Now that I meet you, the person who will lead me to the event I love and dread, I also meet the butterflies in my stomach.'
'You are fine. I am not flattering you without cause. You are a most presentable, attractive woman.'
'Don't make me blush! Gift of nature, I guess, but true, I try to take care of myself.'
'You do and have succeeded. Now, let's go and have a nice, light dinner. I imagine you won't care for a boozed-up all-you-can-eat ordeal. There is a place near the art gallery, our crime scene for tonight. During dinner, we'll discuss the necessary details.'
Martha looks wonderful too, in her own way. She is wearing a black evening suit, a bit like a man's, but cut more elegantly, with a waist and bosom and shoulders, clearly a woman's suit. Pink silk shirt, buttoned up to her throat. Clearly befits the artsy type she is.
The restaurant is quiet, but there are a few people within earshot. Martha tries to keep her voice down, but she is a buoyant type and tends to be loud. So, I cannot be sure we are not overheard by neighbouring tables. I imagine the looks of the other diners to be knowing and suspicious! Again, there may be audience members amongst them that will see me exposed in a few hours. Actually, quite likely, since this place is so close to the gallery. She may have leaked the information to friends and relations. The tingle in my groin again...
Memory of an earlier exhibition through Martha
I am sure you are interested to know that Martha and I go back some way. As friends, of course, but also as playmates. Here's the story of an earlier dalliance of ours.
-------
Yes, I have 'worked' with Martha before, in another gallery in another town. But that was five years ago, or thereabouts. Then, it was relatively unpremeditated. At least it was on my part. Hers, I don't know, come to think of it!
She had invited me to an opening of a show of large oils depicting nude young men. Some 15, 20 other people were there, male and female. Martha knew the artist, Lisa, a woman in her thirties, and introduced me. She had the cheek to out me as an exhibitionist, saying that I would be well at ease among all of these painted young men.
Then later, I am talking to both of them, nice and easy, with a glass of Cava in my hand, when Martha suddenly says, 'Vita, Lisa here is fascinated by your tendency to show yourself naked in public. Can you explain?'
'Martha! Just because I once told you that I like to be naked and have been naked at a few parties when I was younger, you do not have the right to call me an exhibitionist to a total stranger. Excuse her, Lisa! And me! But Martha has never even witnessed any of those occasions. It could have been fantasy for all she knows.'
'Vita, true, I have not seen you, but I think I know you well enough to know it is true - that you do like to show off, and have done it in public.'
'Well, you are right, I like to show myself in the buff and I have done it, in what you might call "public", but that still does not give you the right to shout it from the rooftops.'
'I don't know... We are in friendly company. Lisa is as liberal as they come and so is this bohemian lot around us. Perhaps, she would even let you show yourself here.'
'Martha, are you crazy? No, I would not show myself here! Nor would Lisa appreciate that I intrude like that. It is her show and people need to focus on the paintings, without distractions.'
'Vita, you would, though! And, Lisa, you would let her? A bit of scandal never hurts...?'
'Well,' says Lisa, 'let me think... I am all for a bit of scandal... It is not like many of the guests care for my paintings anymore... Openings are social occasions at the end of the day. Reviewers, curators, not sure if we can expect any anymore. The one or two important people, "busy" as they are, have already left.
'So, yeah, Vita, be my guest and just strip off and hand me your clothes.' And, without asking for my response, she addresses the crowd, speaking up and looking around, 'People, come up and watch this attractive woman show herself to us! She is not a young man, in fact, neither man nor young, but she is great and will do fine.'
I freeze and turn beet-red. Yes, you cannot count the number of times I had been naked in public on two or three hands. But most of these times have been at private events, where I had control. A few have been at public locations, but again, they had been planned and agreed with me. And I had had matching underwear on, and washed just beforehand. Lord knew what I was wearing right now!
'Vita, you know you want to!' says Martha. And in a whisper to me, right in my ear, 'The embarrassment is part of the high, and you know it!'
And so it comes to happen that my beet-red head and I lift the dress I am wearing over my head, pass it to Lisa, exposing my chemise, my pantyhose, with a tear, then the non-matching underwear, no holes in the panties though, passing all to Lisa... So, I end up bare and exposed, breasts, bum and my unshaven triangle... to polite applause and an odd wolf-whistle from the crowd.
I am embarrassed, yes. People do look at me with diverse intentions -- bemused, incredulous, leering, condemning, and dare I say: aroused? - as diverse as the audience is and with diverse intensities. But then, how long can people keep staring at you? After a while all of the audience goes back to chatting, glancing at the exhibition pieces, drinking... And my embarrassment drops and I go back to normal too, chatting, looking at the pictures and drinking-- although naked. I alternate between feeling pretty elated and pretty embarrassed, but at other times I feel 'natural' and forget my condition.
People come up to me from time to time. A highlight, or whatever, is when another woman suddenly cups both of my breasts from behind without warning and then apologises, after the fact, saying they were so available. She has never touched another woman's breasts before and she just had to do this, sorry! Another, when a man equally suddenly drops to his knees and smells my sex up close. Then leaps to his feet again, muttering his apologies, and leaves the building! I am shocked, as are Martha and Lisa the artist, judging from their faces, as are the people I was talking to. Yet after I catch my breath this may be the moment when my arousal is the highest. Wonder what I smelled like!
Lisa laughs and says, 'Well, that was unexpected fun! If you want to, Vita, you may get dressed again now. It is almost closing time.'
A few of us, Lisa, Martha and two or three others, go to a nightclub, start drinking, evaluate the audience's response to the show, evaluate my contribution, laugh about what I had done, get pretty drunk and that is that.
------
When Martha came up with the idea for the coming performance, I thought back at this past one and established I had fond memories of it, but mixed with a bit of cold sweat too. Martha, the cheek! What a shock and what a delight it was, especially in retrospect. I repeat: there is a difference between the two events. The first one caught me off guard and presented a higher shock value. The event that is about to start is different in many ways, higher profile, but premeditated. The premeditation has two sides: yes, I have a say in what we will do and how we do it, but also, I can anticipate and savour the dread and yearning weeks in advance. That is an advantage. Arguably! Anyway, it is what it is and it's about to happen.
The dinner with Martha before the present performance
Now, we are seated at a table in the restaurant. The first thing she asks is how my preparation was.
'OK. You have shaven, like I requested? Like I ordered, if you like...'
'Yes. My body from the neck down is hairless. At least, as far as I can ascertain. I have tried to not let a single little area escape my razor. I soaped up all over and scraped clear with regularly refreshed disposable razors. Took a lot of checking in the mirror and contortionist moves to reach everywhere, but I think I was successful.'
'Can I see? As an outsider - don't laugh - I can see better than you could...'
'Well, you'll see my body soon enough? I am sure I did better than leaving left tufts of hair anywhere even if I could not see all of me. You are not asking me to show you here and now, are you, Martha?'
'Hmmm... That is a thought! But no, we'd get kicked out. I'll spare you. But, let's nip in the ladies and I'll check your condition there.'
'Martha! Spare me!'
'Vita, just think of it this way. I can't closely inspect you later on, as I'll be managing things there. Just let me have my fun here. And your game is embarrassment, discomfort, isn't it?'
And she smiles a naughty, sweet smile... A winner.
'OK. You're a terrible tease, but I will show you. But you have to show me yours as well!'
'Well, maybe... Let's go!'
So, we take off to the ladies' room. It is smallish, two stalls and a double washbasin, and separated from the corridor by a swinging door. Someone could very quickly burst in upon us...
She does not have to instruct me. I immediately lift my dress with one hand and pull down my panties with the other. She bends over to have a good look. 'Well done, Vita, you have prepared well. Thank you! I know I did not have to push you to do a quality job, but I am impressed all the same. And in awe of your sex.'
And she touches me, delicately - my mound, my labia, my slit - and looks up closely... Oh, she could bring me off! It is as if she reads my thoughts. 'Vita, there is nothing in the world I would rather do, but let's save ourselves. We have work to do.' She lets me adjust my clothing, with a smile.
It takes a bit more work on her part to show her box. Opens the buttons of her trousers, half lowers them, lifts her shirt, drops her panties and there we go. I am excited. Somehow, it has been a while I saw another woman's sex at close range...
-------
Memories of my sabbatical: the head shave
Before we get into my gallery performance with Martha, let us go back in time once again. This time, I want to take you back to the origins of my need for nudity and, above all, my shaving fetish. This second flashback section will culminate in the episode where I took my shaving to extremes.
I have been drawn to nudity and exposing myself from the days I started to mature. Strongly drawn to nudity and exposure, I cannot overstate this. Opportunities for exposure in public have been limited, without going overboard and derailing normality. Still, I took opportunities several times since adulthood.
As for my other fetish, shaving, I would say my taste is extreme.
I first shaved down there somewhere mid-puberty. From chatting to girlfriends, I learnt about the possibility of doing that, shaving one's pubic hair. Armpits and legs are visible for all to see, and from an early age I knew that my mother and later my sister shaved these body parts. Never even thought about this. This is what women do. But my pubes? Why? I was proud of my pubic hair when it first came. Think I was on the early side. It showed me I was transitioning from child to woman. So, now that I was becoming a woman, why should I shave the hair there? My girlfriends could not help me beyond: 'the Hollywood stars, the older sisters did it.' One said: it is sexy! The internet was not what it is today, and we did not dare asking our mums or sisters, so it took several months for one of us to prove the point when she shared a magazine she had snatched from an older brother. And, indeed, most of the porn stars had totally or partially shaven fannies. It was a revelation too to see a grown-up vagina, as opposed to the closed oysters we all had. The pictures showed something so complex and individual. And, yeah, in a sex magazine, the women were sexy. So, the shaved abdomen came to be connected to sex.
I did not miss a beat. After dinner that day I excused myself and took a bath. I already had the razor gear for my armpits and denuded my pubes for the first time since I was a baby. I used a mirror to closely inspect the result and was happy with what I saw. Was I a narcissist the way I was suddenly hooked by my own sex? Probably. I have not read up on what defines a narcissist.
A more serious life event a couple of years later was this. I stumbled upon a copy ofLifemagazine, from 1970. There was a feature article on some fashion designer's unisex fashion (Rudi Gernreich, if you need to know.) A male and female model were modelling a variety of pretty futuristic, SF-like garb. A few images showed both of them in black-and-white panties and with hairless bodies. Now, with hairless I mean: hairless! No hair on the chest, no hair on the head, no eyebrows. (The lashes? I don't know. Low resolution pic's! I remember a heavy dose of eyeliner. Later research gave me photographs that were not in Life and showed both models fully nude. These proved the complete hairlessness of the models.) The words are: ugly and repelling. But also, attraction, I want to be like this! Now, I cannot begin to understand my attraction. Let me think aloud. Bald is smooth. It is bare skin, like on the larger part of the body. It is ugly, alien, unusual, extreme, daring like devil-may-care. A woman or girl is supposed to be beautiful, and the hair on her head is a big part of that. (Hair on the rest of the body, not! Funny, in a way.) Did I simply want to rebel against that? I only remember a mixture of horror and fascination buzzing around my adolescent head.
I grew up and my need to be naked and to be seen naked stayed. That fascination to be hairless did not leave me either, but I never acted upon it. I went to university, was naked in my rooms when I could, entertaining friends or by myself. I shaved the usual places, but not my head. After university, I found myself a very ambitious woman, who loved her work, was briefly married to a man who could not handle my ambition, and I reached quite a senior position fairly soon along the way. I continued to be naked at home, but did not play with an audience, whether at home or elsewhere. Then, in my mid-30s, I felt I had arrived. The excitement I had felt after that promotion was followed by a very empty feeling. Now what? An early midlife crisis! From one day to the next, I despised the super-controlled person I had become.
Spare me the psychology, but I decided to take a 6-month sabbatical and waste myself. Waste everything I was and had stood for. That is what I did.
I found myself a secluded rental property in a remote countryside area and took it for the period of six months. It was basic, not quite spartan, comfortable enough, with a fair-sized modern kitchen and good bathing facilities. And a room where I could write. The yard was the big attraction. Sizeable and surrounded by an old ivy-covered brick wall. It included a pond, a small orchard and a large low maintenance garden. A slice of paradise.
The plan was simple. I said I was to waste myself. Not through drink and drugs. In fact, I would not drink alcohol or take drugs, nothing to challenge my health. To waste myself, I meant to break from anything I had been about up to now. Attractive, with so-called 'perfect' shoulder length hair, well-dressed, in the manner of a professional woman, expensive and tasteful, but subdued clothes, a woman with good manners, well-spoken, personable in a professional sense. And I had been a daughter that did her mother proud. For six months I would be done of the above.
I would be naked permanently. Not wear any of my expensive clothes or underwear, in fact I would take no clothes or underwear except what I was wearing on the trip and I would burn that upon arrival. If cold evenings would really push me, I would don a south-American cotton poncho, about the amplest fitting garb I possessed. I allowed for a warm blanket to sit on, outside or on the couch. I would not leave the premises and simply 'exist', in touch with nature and my nature. For activities, I would exercise, do yoga and run, and read books. And think. And write, whatever would come up, on paper. I would not bring a laptop. Would not speak to anyone by phone or laptop.
I did not bring a laptop or smartphone. I did bring a stone-age mobile phone, with a pre-paid number, capable of simple text and calls only. However, I had no intention to use it. Work and my friends knew I could not be contacted. Only a trusted friend, Sophie, and my mum had the number. I had told my mum that I wanted to be left alone, but that she could text me in cases of emergency. She strongly objected about not being allowed her weekly chat, but I stood firm. The phone was mainly for any emergencies that might occur, if I had a heart attack, would be assaulted or the house would catch fire.
I had arranged for Sophie to drive me there and help me set up. Also, she would bring set supplies every fortnight and stay with me for the night each time, to give myself the modicum of social interaction.
And, I would be bald. Totally hairless. Totally.
On another level, the sabbatical was intended to force me to take my distance from my life. Work, yes, but more to the point, from myself. You want to call that a negative motive? Maybe. Not sure myself. I was not suicidal. I trusted I would reinvent myself. But the six-month period had also been chosen to act out my dream of being hairless. I had to do it once!
My friend Sophie would help me commit the act of shearing. I had asked her to be stern, not her usual kind and warm self, as I wanted to be humiliated and objectified.
A note on the hairlessness. I had decided not to clip the eyelashes, as they are needed to keep dust and insects out or so I am told. I am taken to taking things to extremes but had to exercise a degree of reason. Anyway, the lashes cannot be shaved in any definition I understand. I am open to be enlightened!
We arrived half an hour ago and have surveyed the place. It fully answers to my expectations. The house is simple but comfortable, as it said on the tin, and the garden is private, spacious and varied, offering sun and shade, and it allows a fair circuit for running. We drink tea, seated at the garden table that is set out on the lawn somewhere, and relax, both fully clothed. We chat until the hour of four, when my phone alarm announces the moment when I will properly begin my stay. We both rise without either of us having to prompt the other.
'OK, Vita, dear, it is time to strip. Now, you need take it slow, so that I have the opportunity to watch you well. Turn around full circle after every article of clothing you remove.'
My heartbeat quickens, although I have wanted this for weeks - what? years! -- and have played this film in my mind a thousand times. You should know that Sophie has not seen me naked. We are great friends, but not that kind. I have no other girlfriend that has, mind, not since college. It is a warm spring afternoon, so the clothing I wear is light. I knew I was going to burn it, but I have chosen favourite pieces. On purpose. Mixed feelings are part of the deal.
We stand opposite each other, a few yards apart, not too far, not too close, so that she can see me well. As I am about to remove my own clothes, I register what she on her part is wearing. A tailored white linen blouse with long sleeves. I can just make out that she wears a white chemise underneath. A short blue pleated skirt. White tights and knee-high blue leather boots. Their heels just about allow her to walk on the grass without piercing it. She has quite long blond hair, long enough to cover her breasts, like a fairy-tale princess. Her face is strong though, cheekbones, ample mouth. Attractive and characteristic. Sweet blue eyes.
'Cardigan!' she commands. I start, then unbutton my lime-green mohair cardigan and look at my friend. 'Drop it right here in front of me.' I follow her order and am amazed to see her trample it underneath her boots. She looks at me when I do the first 360 degrees.
'Skirt!' My beige fine-leather mid-thigh skirt, I unzip it and let it fall to the ground, step out of it. She roughly kicks it far away. Her gaze is intense, whether I still face her or face away from her in my revolution.
'Shoes!' My shoes are lovely nubuck slip-on shoes. I take the left one off first, followed by the right. My bestockinged feet are in contact with the cool grass as I do my turn. I cannot bring myself to hurl the shoes away, knowing full well she will kick them away anyway. Which she does.
'Blouse!' Absolutely my favourite silk blouse, lime-green. I begin to unbutton it, but she says, 'Rip it off!' I look at her and see her determination. A monster of my own making. I slowly tear off the remaining four buttons and remove my blouse. I have ripped the material in one place. God! And I drop it. She drills it into the ground, with the nose of her right boot. I am now standing before her in underwear and pantyhose. The bra and panties are pale-pink with blue embroidery and the pantyhose is 'nude' tan. I turn and turn, feeling her gaze on my ass.
'Bra!' I undo the clip at the back, let the garment drop forward and take it off. I cast it aside, gently. She leaves it. In front of my friend, arms to the sides - I have to be deliberate about not crossing them below my breasts. I feel vulnerable with naked breasts, no matter how used I am to being nude. As I said, I have not been naked in front of anyone for a long, long time, including Sophie. Who never saw me nude. I feel the jiggle of my breasts during the turn. She will see them jiggle.
'Pantyhose!' I step out of the first leg, and the second, and cast it aside. She picks it up and smells at the crotch. 'Good thing you took this off. I can smell your heat, Vita.' Her gaze is earnest, not sarcastic, thank god. Turn.
'And finally, panties! Smell them.' I take them off and hold them to my nose. I smell my warmth. I am moved by my own smell. This occasion is momentous. 'Taste them,' she orders firmly, but in soft voice. When I don't appear to understand and do not act quickly enough, she pushes them in my mouth. 'Keep them there. And display yourself. Arms to your sides, legs slightly apart. Show me all of you. Go, turn!'
I realise that I am naked in front of her. And look ridiculous with my slightly musty panties in my mouth.
My pubic hair is trimmed, but not recently. I have last shaved my legs, with quite sparse hair, and armpits a week before. The hair on my head I had coiffured just last week, in time for my temporary farewell reception at work. There I stand, naked and vulnerable to Sophie's inspection, my hair perfect still. 'You know you want this,' she mutters, as she instructs me to lift an arm and smells underneath. She smells the other armpit as well, deeply inhaling each time. And my crotch. No one has done this to me ever before. She opens my labia and smells and looks at close range. 'I need my glasses,' she mutters, fetching them from the garden table, and resumes her inspection. She has me bend over and parts my buttocks. Am I pristinely clean? I would hope so... Lifts and weighs my breasts. Has me jump up and down in jumping-jacks to see my bits bounce.
She tears the panties from between my teeth and casually throws them to the side.
'So, Vita, you upwardly mobile executive... How did you like your inspection?'
'I requested it...'
'That was not the question. So, you are enjoying yourself? Are you really?'
'I love it and hate it, but love to hate it. I can't be clearer. And don't understand why...'
'It is hard for me too, not my usual thing. But I am bearing up. For you, since you asked me. And am in awe.'
'Thank you, Sophie.'
'Now before we get too soppy, let's get on with things. We have a lot to do in the few hours before it gets dark.
'Now go and gather the firewood for burning your clothes.'
She watches me while I gather twigs and branches fallen from the trees in the ample yard and make the fire. I feel naked and exposed being watched by her, at my request, moving, twisting and bending as I do the job. Within a quarter of an hour, I have a nice little fire burning. She instructs me. 'First, the pantyhose.' Which burns in a flash with a burst of foul smell. 'The underwear, please.' My lovely bra and panties disappear quickly too, save for the metal parts of the bra, which remain glowing in the fire, soot covered. 'The blouse!' Which is gone quickly too, my best blouse, so new too! Have I lost my mind? 'The cardigan.' Soon nothing but a few smouldering buttons remains of blouse and cardigan. 'Skirt!' The leather doesn't burn well at all and smells very oppressive. 'Shoes!' More of the same. The heels and soles melt and sizzle and smoke and emit a foul odour.
I am now stripped of my means of dignity and there is nothing for me to wear, mind you. I have already said I took no clothes other than the set I was wearing. To be without clothes. Pretty extreme, it dawns upon me. There is just that poncho and blanket and whatever such stuff that may be found in the house. We stand there for a while at this sort of funeral pile, watching the flames and the sparse remnants of my wardrobe. Yes, the funeral pile that I wanted, and still want. But it is strange. And a little sad.
Then Sophie picks up a burning stick from the fire. She stands before me and let the burning die down to glowing. Looking serious and has to swallow. What is she up to? To my horror, she lifts up a strand of my hair and singes it with the glowing stick.
'In case you thought of changing your mind about your hair.'
She repeats the singing a couple of times. Endlessly. I am truly horrified, make noises to that effect, but do nothing to stop her. She is right, but there is no worse way to get rid of my hair. Thank god it does not ignite. She goes to the garden table and takes a mirror from her purse. She shows me a ravaged head of hair. I have great trouble recalling the perfect hair I had until a couple of minutes ago. It is cruel to have to see this. I always take such great care of my hair. Did. But again, I wanted and want it to go.
She stands before me and embraces me, ruffles my now distinctly non-perfect hair. Bits fall off.
'It is hard, Vita. Hard for you and hard for me. Yes, the difference is that I walk away from this unscathed, but then all this is what you want, not I. Doing this to you is not a doddle for me, though, but I am also excited. I am not a touchy-feely sort of woman that sees her girlfriends nude all the time. You know this. Nor have I had lesbian encounters. Nothing against them, per se, I think, but none have come my way. And I have certainly never inspected another woman. You pushed me to do all this and I am glad you did. It is a life-changing, broadening experience to me. For which I am sure I will long be grateful to you.'
Then she changes tone again, goes back to commanding.
'Now, Vita, we must complete your transformation. Get a pair of scissors. They better be sharp.'
I get the pair I bought especially for the purpose. Brand-new razor-sharp barbers' scissors. I hand them to Sophie.
'Thank you. Sit yourself down on the edge of the table. Open your legs.' So, there I sit, with open legs and open sex, so exposed. She looks at my sex, bends in and smells it again, and comments, 'Your sex is so different to mine. The labia minora are more modest, but then I guess mine are pronounced. I like the puffy outer lips, but then I guess you are aroused. Are you?'
'Yes, Sophie. You can test it, if you like,' I respond softly. And she strokes and strokes my labia, starting with a feather's touch, ever increasing the pressure... My slit opens gradually and she starts inserting her finger and sliding it in and out... Licks her finger...
'Yes, you are getting wetter, Vita. Time to stop now. Perhaps when we are done... If you will have been a good girl...'
Then she takes the first tuft of my pubic hair, moves these sharp scissors in, I hold my breath and 'snap', she cuts. And cuts and cuts and cuts. She pinches me just once -- ouch -, calling forth a bright red speck of my blood, which we watch slowly grow into a drop, that falls... Then she takes action and stems the breach by a tissue and the bleeding is over within a minute. More carefully now, she continues her cutting and cutting, the mound, the vulva, the groin, the perineum... until all long hairs are gone.
'Now, Vita, what shall we do? Cut the hair on your head using the scissors first and then shave your entire body from your feet to your crown? Or shave the rest of your body first and only then cut and shave the head? I guess the latter is the more dramatic option, as opposed to the most efficient option. It has to be that. Who cares about business-like efficiency? A thing of the past.'
Am I relieved that I get to keep the hair on my head for a little while more? Rationally, why should I? It has already been ravaged by Sophie. And I want it gone! But a gush of relief passes through me all the same.
'OK, Vita, get us some hot water, the shaving cream and a handful of razors.'
She soaps up my left leg and foot and meticulously shaves it, even the sole! Then rinses and dries the lot. The point is to shave every inch of my body, no exception. Whether there are any hairs to remove is almost secondary. Every inch, no exception. The right leg and foot follow the same process. Then my back, hips, buttocks, carefully separating them too. The front of my torso, belly, chest and breasts, carefully covering all of their surface, including the nipples and areolas. (Careful, careful.) Finally (finally in this sequence), she has me sit me on the edge of the table and shaves my pubic area, again carefully pulling labia apart and stretching the skin to allow a safe shave. She has me sit forward on my knees and hands in order to properly shave my perineum. My anus and cunt in her face! This gives me the mixture of conflicting feelings I love to love and love to hate! You now know the drill well enough, dear reader.
I have almost forgotten about my head, until she rinses and dries the area of my sex, marking the end of the first part of the job. I am now completely hairless below the neck. She has me stand before her, turn around slowly as she considers her handiwork. She hugs me and says, 'You are a beautiful and very bare woman, Vita. Thank you for involving me. It was a great and moving experience, so far, and we are not done yet. Before we do anything else, lets relax for a little while and have some tea. If you don't, I at least need a breather.'
We sit opposite each other in the sun and drink tea. I naked and in full view, but I manage to relax and forget my ravished head. She is properly dressed. We chat about the house and garden, as if my stay concerns a simple holiday.
Then she leans towards me, holds me by the shoulders and looks me in the eyes. 'Do you still want to continue?' I nod wordlessly.
She resumes her old role and her voice resumes its commanding quality. 'Then stand up again.' I shiver. She takes the pair of scissors from the table and stands in front of me, scissors at the ready.
'Yes?'
'Yes, Sophie. Do what you need to do.'
I watch her concentrated face at close range and feel her breath, as she takes strand after strand of my hair and snips it close to my skull. It only takes her ten, fifteen minutes to complete the job and snip all of my hair away, close to the skin. I can't see myself. Can only imagine what I look like. Someone I'd hardly recognise, I think. Like a Nazi-whore, is what I think, the way women, just women that formed liaisons with the occupying Germans around Europe were shorn. Nothing like the self-confident business executive I once was. Once? Until mere hours ago.
'Stay put. I will get fresh hot water now. In case you're tempted to look in the mirror, don't yet. That will happen in another 20 minutes or so.'
I stay put, but stroke my stubbled head with my hand. That sensation is shocking already. I have been used to the soft, silky and ample feeling of my fine hair. Now the feeling is cutting, the way stubble cuts. I feel tears develop in the corner of my eyes, I do, but she is back before I have the chance to cry.
'There we go.'
She places a damp hot towel across my skull for a minute and then lathers me up, face and neck included. She proceeds to shave me, face and neck first, quickly and easily. To do the scalp is hard work and she changes disposable razors twice to ease the work. Again, I see her concentrated face at close range, not meeting my gaze, accompanied by the scraping sound on my skull that sounds like a racket to me.
The moment comes when she is finally done. All but done... Dusk, the light is slowly disappearing.
'You said, eyebrows too?' I nod. A mere handful of stokes for each eyebrow and I am bald. Bald!
No hair to be found - other than the eyelashes. She concludes the shaving by placing the warm wet towel across my skull again and easing the slight razor-burn sensation. Then drying me. Finally, she oils my entire body, all of it. This is so soothing. I am clean, rosy and hairless like a baby. Momentarily at peace with the world.
She holds me at armlength again and whispers, 'Vita, I don't recognise you.' I see tears developing in her eyes and I reciprocate, before I even see myself.
'Do you want to sit down and chat again, before I reveal you to yourself? Or do you want to take the plunge now? I am full of impressions of you, have to restrain myself, but don't want to rattle on. Maybe should leave you for a while, maybe this is a moment for silence. If I say you are otherworldly, I have said too much already!'
'I need to take the plunge. I dread seeing myself, but I must! I want to, very, very much.'
We go to the full-length mirror in the bedroom. She takes me by the hand before we enter the bedroom. 'Close your eyes... Open them when I say so.'
We take the last few steps. She then releases her grip and says, in clear voice, 'Look, Vita!'
Oh! I see an apparition. A statue. The eyes are alive and look at me, look through me. So smooth. So cool. So clean. So bare. I feel humble under the eyes of this otherworldly creature, there to cleanse me from my sins. A stern angel. Female. Then - shock- I realise I am looking at myself, reflected in the full-length mirror. My bare body is ever so slightly shiny. In the twilight that has come over us, my body appears florescent. Is this I? Is this a better self? I feel I grow. I stand tall, calm and serene.
This is not what I thought when I stood there. I was not mad. This is fabulation, poetry, hogwash, if you want, looking back far after the fact. There and then, I was in shock. Otherworldly, she had put it right. I did not recognise myself. The words ugly or beautiful did not apply. Tears flowed briefly, but plentifully. I had to force myself not to turn away or cover my eyes. I clearly mourned my beauty, my personality. What I saw was an alien. My body was fine, I had seen myself naked in the mirror before, with and without pubic hair. But the head was not mine. If you have eyebrows to speak of, like me, removing them has almost the same impact as shaving one's head. Because these arches go with the eyes, reinforce and support them. Of course, a woman without is either another woman, or not a woman at all. The eyes were mine, though. My soul remained. Relief.
I barely registered that Sophie put her arm around my shoulder, turned in and hugged me. She took my head on her shoulder and stroked my naked skull, smooth and still sensitive from the shaving, soothing me greatly.
She took me to bed. When I had laid down, eyes closed, I heard the rustling of her undressing and then felt her naked body slide behind me, against me. We slept for an hour or two, I guess, then made love in 69. My bare head between her thighs and hers between mine, her soft hair stroking my loins, our tongues slowly, then more feverishly labouring on clits, slits, folds. Magic -- it had been years since my latest lesbian encounter at college. Tender orgasms with eyes closed, mine in any case, in individual dream worlds, wordlessly, save the moans and sighs.
Then we slept.
It is I that wakes up first. It takes a minute to realise where I am -- night has fallen, it is dark outside, I am in a strange room, another body with me in my bed, sleeping still... There is a different feeling under my head, where there is normally a tangle of hair. My hand investigates and I shoot up -- both hands on my head. Bald, no hair... Shock! But -- a second later - also a feeling of triumph -- I have done it! All this wakes Sophie up and she looks up at me... 'Strange, isn't it?' she whispers. 'It is the new you, Vita. Get used to it. But you will get used to it! You look like an alien, but you will get used to it. And I would too.' She smiles a sweet smile. I manage to return it. Then she tackles me and kisses me and makes passionate love to me again. I can get used to that.
We had a light late dinner somewhere in the still of the night, slept again, made love again. And then it was morning. A beautiful morning. One that saw Sophie leave, quite soon after breakfast. With hugs, tears, smiles. And I saw her car drive out of the gate, I Iocked it again and was alone.
I continued shaving all over until Sophie returned for the first time two weeks later. Then I started to let it grow back. All of it, everywhere. By the end of the sabbatical, I would have a passable head of hair. 3-4 inch, I expect. And inappropriate growths anywhere else. My hair grows pretty fast.
What happened afterwards, the account of the ups and downs of my 6-month isolation, will be the subject of a separate story.
-----------
Dinner with Martha (conclusion)
Back to the present, where I am just done presenting my shaven abdomen to Martha. It met with her approval (and turned us on.) It is her turn now to show me hers. I am excited. It is a rare pleasure. Somehow, it has been a while since I saw another woman's sex at close range...
She has to put in a bit more work than I did to show me her box. To open the buttons of her trousers, half-lower the pants, make her panties go the same way, lift her shirt and there we go. Sexually straight or not - undiagnosed bi-sexual is more like it - I am moved and aroused by seeing a vulva at close range, presented to me under these conditions, in the bathroom of a restaurant. It would be different in a changing room after tennis or so, where you might see your friends' fannies but at a glance only. Here, it is offered, as it were, on a plate. So, I see that she shaves the labia and groin, but leaves a bushy triangle above her slit. And, yes, she is a natural blonde, light blonde, but I see whiffs of grey on her pubes and can conclude she does not touch up her pubic hair, as opposed to that on her head! (Who does? Someone?). I love her rose of flesh. I love the pronounced inner labia, that look like they're glad to be released from the panties that straightjacket them!
I signal to Martha that I have seen enough. Not strictly true, never true, but we have a schedule and I am nervous. She gets dressed again.
No other woman has burst upon this little episode. Too bad, but fine -- there is that schedule, and there will a time and place for this kind of thing, exposing myself, soon.
--- Continued in Part II