Chapter 1: Addiction
My name is Ruth and I am a third year Arts and Social Science student studying in a University. During my years in Junior College, I was actively involved in Dragon Boat. The sports blessed me with a muscular physique not normally found in females.
I love physically pushing myself, especially in demanding sports. When I was in the first year in University, I was introduced to crossfit and since then, it has become one of my top obsessions. I was addicted to the rush of adrenalin and the pain and struggle associated with this demanding sport. I train everyday, even on weekends when I return home from the hostel. The physically demanding sports enhanced my already impressive physique even more to the extent that I look more muscular than most guys on campus. Although I looked every bit girly with long flowy hair; I am still single and no guys dared approach me to ask me out on dates. I however do have quite a number of close girl-friends who didn't mind my muscular physique. One of them is Candice.
Candice has been my close friend since day one in University. Candice also does not have a boyfriend, but her reasons are different from mine. She is very different from me and though does go for occasional jogs and gym sessions, is not as obsessive as me. Candice also sports long flowy hair.
I had just finished my rigorous training in the University swimming pool and was resting at the side of the pool to catch my breath when I saw Candice walking towards me. She gracefully slid into the pool and joined me.
"Hey, Ruth, my muscles are aching all over, you want to go to the jacuzzi?"
"Ok," I pulled myself up from the edge of the pool together with Candice.
"Oh gosh, this is the first time I see you in a bikini. You sure that thing is not going to burst out? Your entire body seems to be busting out from your bikini"
I quickly looked down on myself and made a few adjustments. But it was a "zero sum" game, whichever direction I pulled the bikini, the other side was left exposed.
"Hey please buy a bigger size. Are you sure you are not indecently exposing yourself?"
"Hey girl, it takes lots of hard work to have this physique ok. Since I have it, I might as well flaunt it," I struck a pose, flexing my biceps.
We rested in the jacuzzi for a while, letting the bubbles massage away our fatigue, particularly the soreness all over my body. The bubble only managed to rid some of the soreness from my extreme sports.
"My skin is starting to wrinkle, I think we have soaked in the jacuzzi for too long. Let's go to the sauna room," Candice pulled herself up from the jacuzzi.
I followed her.
When we entered the female toilet, it was quiet as it was a Friday evening. Candice casually took off the top of her bikini leaving her small white bikini bottom just barely covering her jewel. Candice may not be into sports like me and feature a muscular physique, but she does have a beautiful slim body. She also managed to save enough money to go for breast augmentation surgery, so she sported a very generous bosom. She claimed her "job" requires her to have a "fuller" asset.
I also took off my top and stripped off my bottom. Both of us were very comfortable being topless or nude. In fact, we have known other female friends who think we were exhibitionists.
"Oh gosh Ruth, you really look very huge, too huge for a girl."
"Are these hard?" She reached out to feel my biceps and abs, "Eeeww, they are so hard and warm."
"Hey girl, you lesbian or what? Watch where you are touching?"
And without warning, she reached out to squeeze my breast.
"Ouch!" I exclaimed. "What's wrong with you today, Candice?"
"Sorry, I thought they were hard."
As she moved her sight to my lower region, "Hey you missed out on a little pubic hair there."
"No I didn't. I purposely leave a strip there. It is very easy to be fully shaved, but it takes great courage to leave some pubic hair for people to see."
"Hmmm...I should start leaving some there."
"Why don't you take off your bottom? You are already so naked."
"I am having that thing of the month..."
We both giggled.
Inside the sauna, I looked at Candice and asked, "How's your social escort job?"
"Well, it is just a job. You know I come from a poor family and without this job, I wouldn't have the means to go through University."
"Your family still doesn't know?"
"I think they will either kill or disown me if they find out."
"Hey, you think I can be one?"
"What? You?"
"Yah, I need some cash of late. My crossfit thingy is needing lots of money. You know the protein powder, creatine, all the minerals to aid my recovery and stamina cost a bomb."
"No way!"
"Oh...is it because I am not pretty enough or don't have a sexy body?"
"I think you are pretty Ruth but you are not going to ever find a social escort that is muscular. They will think you are an assassin sent to kill them," Candice chuckled.
"Hey, that's mean. Anyway, I didn't intentionally want to build muscles, or I would have gone into bodybuilding. This is a by-product of my crossfit training."
"Oh, I remember, there is a spa in Batam that is recruiting masseurs, we can probably try."
"But you said I look like an assassin."
"I think masseurs are ok. I remember they did advertise they want fit looking individuals. And they pay $200 an hour. It is for some special Fantasy weekend or something."
"$200 an hour!" I shouted in excitement. "Can you send me the details?"
"We go together lah."