What's a Strip Club look Like?
Living a sheltered life, yet born and raised near Peoria, Illinois, known then as the sex and prostitution capitol of the Midwest, I learned early in life about these Meat Markets and those Houses of Ill Repute.
It wasn't till my 21st. year, Dollie's 19th, that we actually got to visit Strip Joints. Maybe my life wasn't as sheltered as some thought! Admittedly, we are not world travelers. These are only observations from our own travels in the Midwest and South.
As for the Clubs in some of my later stories and most local strip joints we attended, there was a small bar running down the right wall, as you enter the front door. Bar stools and of course mirrors along most walls in every bar. Each stage was at the rear center of the room. Restrooms on the left of stages, sometimes at the front left of the bar room, dancer's lounge-changing room on right with an entrance to the rear of stage. Tiny round wooden tables scattered throughout, each with two chairs.
THE POLE--I'm sure you have heard of "pole dancing." Those poles are a big part of the acts of many dancing gals. Some make their entire act interesting by "workin the pole."
Many smaller Clubs did not have a pole. Larger clubs may have several. The pole may simulate a male partner, making it seem like a sex act is being performed. For others, a way of bending and twisting into gymnastic positions. Sometimes female body parts look kinky upside down or spread wide!
The pole has become so much of a sex tool that some regular, non-strip club, bars will have a pole on the customer dance floor. Also, fun loving Rally goers may have their own private pole set up at their RV for anyone brave, horny, or drunk enough to play on.
FRONT ROW SEATS--At any other Clubs we've attended, the front row seating made it possible to see things others farther back couldn't. It was also where the guys were able to place dollar bills in the costumes and sometimes have female body parts placed right near their faces. It was the place to be to be part of the act and get the girls to do thing you wanted to see.
This was the basic layout of nearly every Strip Club we'd ever been in. Of course this may vary. Often the public restrooms will be at the front. Sometimes a pool table, and or, public dance floor may be near the stage.
I am not an authority on Strip clubs. But here are two more things you may have heard about, yet aren't sure. First, the LAP DANCE.
(One on one--A pretty young scantily clad gal dancing closely, squatting on the man's leg while wiggling back and forth, rubbing her bare breasts in his face.)
Basically, it serves two purposes. It turns the man being lap danced on, so much that he gives the Lap Dancer large amounts of his hard earned cash.
Several advantages to being lap Danced; You see up close parts you may have otherwise missed when this lovely young lass was dancing on stage. You also feel many of those parts against your body parts!
The main disadvantage is you may leave with much less cash than you went in with, also due partly because you were placing paper money into tiny articles of clothing to see and feel hidden female treasures. All things you may not remember tomorrow!
The second thing, not in all clubs, is the Private Room for even more advanced lap dances. I am going only by rumors here. I have never gone to a PRIVATE ROOM in a strip club. One reason, I usually see everything I'm lookin for on stage and around the bar room. Number two, I don't want to leave my semi-clad lady alone. Actually, number three-- I am cheap!
Why spend money when it isn't needed! In those private rooms, it's more of a one-on-one performance, or however amount of ladies you rent. You get the same basic lap dance.
Depending on the law, the gals, the management, your wallet, you may get everything you ask for, or can afford! Since you are in a tiny closet sized room, things may happen there more because of privacy. Still they are video monitored so not as private as you may think.
There is a fine line between seeing and feeling female body parts and performing sex acts. These rooms are often in the mid-sized Strip Clubs.
At those upper classed joints, you may end up in a motel-hotel room. Prostitution is a by-product of tittie bars. It is rumored men sometimes leave with a dancing girl for extra entertainment.
Again, I always left with the gal I went in with. It is a fact, it is a rare case when a man actually takes his wife or girlfriend to a Strip club. But we are a rare couple.
Another money maker for those clubs are the strippers sitting and flirting, begging you to buy them a drink or a bottle. Not legal, but some have been known to water down those drinks. Remember they are in business to make money.
Back in our early days of bar hoppin and tittie bar entertainment, we saw many of our friend's husbands there. Dollie's girlfriends often asked why she went to such nasty places with me.
They'd also ask why she was happy with me spending hours out in the garage foolin with old cars. Without squeelin on those cheatin husbands, she'd simply say "at least I know where he is!!" "Where was Chuck Saturday nite?"
The answer was usually 'with the boys playin cards or bowling."
Of course, most places we attended were local hangouts with low standards, amateur acts and girls looking for a quick buck. I should mention, between strip acts, a comedian, singer, or musician would perform, giving customers time to visit, take toilet breaks, order drinks, and flirt with lap dancers.
There are Vegas style large and glitzy Strip Clubs world wide. These places, and the nicer Clubs in large Cities, normally have a cover charge. Along with this, are higher drink prices, fancy décor, magazine models, movie Stars, and other celebrities performing as strippers. Those, along with name headliner acts, from comedy acts to musicians and singing artists. Still, most men go in any of those Strip joints to see neekid ladies.
Those cheap joints were usually more fun, with more surprises as far as seeing body parts. After all, many of these had desperate, hungry, young women who were trying to make a name for themselves, and feed babies.
Most unlike those with perfect bodies who already had it made. Since the competition was fierce, and rules ignored in neighborhood bars, pasties, G-strings, or any other undergarments were often removed or missing. Another plus!
What I enjoyed most about the small local tittie bars was the varied selection of dancing girls. Skinny, barely legal (?) kids, sexy lookin college gals, even mothers and middle-aged women, along with plump bodied women, may all be seen in one evening.
There'd be amateur nite and just spontaneous acts from horny hot gals in the crowd who may be on stage for their first-- and last time! Big boobies, tiny boobies, perky boobies, pendulous monster size boobies, home grown and factory made boobies.
Gals who could turn me on gyrating and workin the pole, to beginners rubbing their body parts and shakin their booties! All of this may not be the way you see Strip Clubs. I could have been drunk, aroused, or preoccupied!