Misattribution of arousal. I had been trying to think of the term, as though having a name for it might explain or justify my actions. Hell, I don't even know if that was why I was searching my memory for knowledge gained in freshmen psychology. I needed something to focus my spinning mind upon. I had just done something that I could not accept as being "me."
The body has a limited number of reactions. In most ways, your reaction to fear mirrors your reaction to intense sexual arousal. Your mind is left to make sense of the physical sensations of your pounding heart, flushed face, shortness of breath and sudden perspiration. Scientists have conducted experiments that clearly show that if people watch a scary movie or ride a roller coaster on their first date, they are likely to rate their attraction to their date as being higher. People fail to realize that the butterflies they are feeling are from the movie or the roller coaster, and they attribute the butterflies to attraction. I know. I was grasping at straws. Even if I had misattributed arousal, I still had free will. It seemed like my body had a mind of its own. I am sure it was exacerbated by being at the peak of my cycle, just a day after ovulation. I desperately wanted to be able to rationalize this, and I did NOT want this to change my life..
I have a perfect life. I have a rewarding and important career, where I work with a great team. I live a few minutes from work, in a charming home with a great view. My kids are self-assured, smart, athletic, and kind young gentlemen. My husband Jack is handsome, athletic, wickedly funny, has a great job, prioritizes the family, and is sexy as fuck! And here I lay, with my mind working hard to make sense of the copious amounts of cum running out of my overheated and gaping pussy. Jack would be home from his trip in less than an hour, and I somehow needed to get my shit together.
I take really good care of my husband. He loves my sassiness. He loves my purposefulness. He loves that my ass and legs still look like those of a high school cheerleader. He loves that I flirt with him all day long, and l am always thinking of ways to keep the passion in our love life. Sex is very important to Jack, and I try to add a little sexiness to the most mundane tasks, even grocery shopping. Just a couple hours ago, I went to the store to pick up a few items for a romantic homecoming dinner.
The last thing on my list at the grocery store was a "beer isle belfie." Jack loves my butt, he loves that I am a little exhibitionistic, and he loves getting selfies from me. The "belfie" is what we call a selfie of my butt. I try to send him one several times a week. Today I planned a special treat for him, his favorite of my repertoire of belfies. I put my phone on a low shelf with the interval timer camera on, and I bent over to pick up his favorite beer from the cooler. Depending on how long I linger bent over the cooler, my phone takes twenty or thirty shots, and I select the most flattering and most revealing shot to send to him. When I am really motivated, as I was today, I wag my butt a little, knowing that at least one of the pictures will be perfect. I had hiked my skirt up a little, knowing the low angle of the camera would clearly show the absence of panties. I quickly thumbed through the pictures as I pushed the cart towards the front of the store, as I wanted to make sure I had a keeper. I was pleased with what I saw, and it was going to be hard to pick among the many great shots. Several shots clearly showed the bare curves of my ass, the little gap between the top of my thighs, and my naked pussy. I flipped through them a second time, looking for one where I turned my head back over my shoulder and smiled for the camera.
Taking belfies in such a public place as a grocery store was a fun but challenging mental game. I had to tune out my surroundings in order to have the nerve, and I knew that it was the nerviness as much as the physical beauty that turned Jack on. I had really gotten in the zone for this one, building my own little mental bubble so I could focus on including all of Jack's favorite elements.
Having completed my shopping and my special task, I started making my way to the checkout line. I held the phone in my hand, deleting the photos that I judged as not quite making the cut, and marking the ones that I might send. I was still in my bubble or I would have paid more attention to the vague sense of someone walking behind me. As I got to the front of the store, My eye was caught by one more impulse buy. Some beautiful peach colored roses with pink petal tips were on the quick sale rack because the buds had already started to open. I took it as a sign from the universe that this was going to be a great night, as my favorite colored roses were on sale, and my husband was coming home to me after his trip. Just as I bent to grab the flowers, I was jolted into the here and now.
Two big strong hands wrapped around me, the fingers digging into the front of my hip bones as though they were handlebars. As the man grabbed my hips I felt him press himself firmly against my ass. It felt as though a child's arm, holding an apple, was somehow trapped between his pelvis and my ass. Even though I was in public, I was momentarily terrified. Some jerk was boldly groping me right in a public grocery store! My heart was pounding as I readied myself to scream. And just as suddenly, I had a flash of recognition. I smelled the most masculine scent I could ever remember. I had felt big hands like those before... his thumbs meeting on the small of my back, even as his fingers gripped the front of my hip bones. And that cock... I could never forget that cock. I knew it was my ex-boyfriend Gabriel even before I turned around. As quickly as that, I went from terror to wanting, no needing that cock inside me.
Leaving my cart in the florist section, I grabbed Gabriel's hand, and pulled him along to the family restroom. Nobody was in the hallway, but even if there had been someone there, the result would have been the same. As soon as the door closed behind us, he pulled me to him and lifted my ass onto the counter by the sink. His rough beard scoured my face as his lips pressed firmly against me. He pushed his way farther against me as I fumbled with his zipper. He knew all of my buttons, and through the thin fabric of my t-shirt, he already was twisting my hard nipple. It was somehow sexier that not a word had passed between us as we raced towards the inevitable. I yanked down his pants, and he slapped his heavy cock against my glistening pussy. No time for foreplay... my body was ready. I did not want any warm up. I needed that incredible stretch... the fullness... I wanted it to be a jolt. I wanted it to take my breath away. He didn't need me to tell him, and he wrapped his massive forearm around the small of my back to keep me from retreating an inch as he drove his huge cock home.
FUCK! It hurt! When Jack asked if I missed Gabriel's cock, I always told him that Gabriel's cock was so big that it hurt. What I left out was how exquisite and pleasurable that pain was. It took my breath away. I bit into Gabriel's chest to squelch my scream. My nails gouged his back through his shirt. The next thrust and the next were just as ferocious. He knew how to make me feel frantically desired. I started cumming almost as soon as he was in me. HIs cock stretched me so tightly that each thrust tugged my clit towards the opening. I don't know if I was still cumming in one long orgasm, or if I was cumming over and over, but as I felt him tense, My orgasm went to another level. He lurched into me as his cock contracted over and over, and I felt myself suddenly slicker and leaking. I sobbed against his chest. It was not unhappiness or grief. It was just the catharsis of complete release.
"Follow me home!" "You just got me started." My voice trembled as I spoke. I am so wet, I could go all day and night!
I quickly retrieved my cart and paid for my groceries, hoping I could get out of the store before another wad of cum dripped out of me. We walked out, and I pointed to my car. He looped around to follow me the short distance to my house. I did not think at all on the short drive home. I did not worry about neighbors. I did not worry about Jack coming home. I just felt my body. I twitched involuntarily from what seemed to be jolts of electricity running through my nipples and my sex organs. My pussy felt like it had been scoured out and burnished. It throbbed like a second heart.
I ran up the stairs without waiting for Gabriel, unlocking the door and leaving it open behind me as I rushed through. I peeled off my clothes as I scooted towards my bedroom, Jack's and my bedroom, and I sprawled myself naked on the bed. I heard the door slam and I called out so that Gabriel would find me. It had been exciting to hush my cries in the grocery store bathroom, but I wanted to be able to roar now. Passing my clothes strewn through the hallway, I could hear Gabriel stripping his way down the hall. And then there he was on my threshold. His glorious cock was at full attention, and his eyes were wild and hungry. He was on me. Lips and fingers, and teeth. His manly scent filled my nostrils, and with each breath I grew more intoxicated.
He dominated my body until every nerve I had was on fire, and then despite our enormous discrepancy in size and strength, I flipped him on his back and worshipped his cock. I made intense eye contact as I nibbled and licked, and rubbed it against my face. After he was thoroughly wettened with my saliva, I wrapped my tiny hand as far around it as I could reach, and sucked testicles the size of a hen's egg into my mouth. He rewarded me with guttural sounds. I imagined a mighty ram in rut. He could only take it for a few minutes before he tossed me like a doll onto my back, and he stood on the side of the bed and lowered his cock into my waiting mouth. It took all my focus to keep my teeth off him, as I had to open as far as I could just to let the head of his cock through my lips. He held me by the ribs as he started thrusting into my mouth. This was all about his pleasure, and I loved his greed. The back of my mouth was under assault, as he tried to push his way down my throat. My eyes were watering, and I gagged repeatedly, but he had reached the slickest juices that were coaxed from my throat, and with that most perfect of lubricants, he was succeeding in getting his cock farther and farther into me.
He slowly withdrew his cock, and thick strands of my juices stretched between my lips and his cock.
"What do you want?" he teased.
"Your cock"
He made me beg, slapping his heavy wet cock against my lips and cheek.
"What do you want?" he asked more forcefully.
"everything!"
He spun me around and kneeled between my legs. I thought he was going to go down on me, but he just started slapping his heavy cock against my slit. Each heavy thud of his cock sent a zinger of electricity up from my clit.
Truthfully, the specifics of the sex are a blur in my memory. The what part went where, in what order is completely lacking in importance. What matters is that it was raw. What matters is that it was intense. It was frantic and breathless. I screamed. I cried. I hyperventilated. I left my body. The soles of my feet tingled. I felt colors.
Gabriel's cock is beautiful, and I love how it stretches me. But again, it was such a small part of the thrill. I loved that he was ravenous for me. I love that he devoured me. I loved that he was insatiable. I wanted to worship his cock, but it took a back seat to his primal desire to be buried as deeply as possible in me. My pleasure was a side effect of his taking me for his pleasure.
I don't have any idea how I would count my orgasms. There were tides and currents of orgasms continuously rising and falling in my body. We were drenched in sweat, and our bodies reeked of the tidelands of sex.
My orgasms finally pushed Gabriel over the edge. He roared as he thrust into me. His massive hands gripped my ass as he tried to pull himself deeper still. And then the uncontrolled convulsions... not just from his cock, but his whole body.
He collapsed from his effort. He collapsed from his release. The weight of his tall powerful body dropped on my diminutive frame. He was suddenly so peaceful. His thumping heart, heavy breath and occasional twitch were the only signs that he was alive. His heart seemed to beat in my chest. The heat and the sweat and the oxytocin coursing through my body created an impression that we had melted together.
The joints in my fingers ached from gripping the sheets. My pussy was buzzing from the pounding. My whole body tingled. The scent of Gabriel's neck filled my nostrils. My whole being was subsumed. I was a vessel. A vessel for pleasure. A vessel Gabriel's beautiful cock. A vessel for Gabriel's life giving seed. This is what bliss means. My consciousness waxed and waned. My mind wandered abstractly. I would give up heaven for this.
Bright light filtered through the shears on the window, but I had no idea how long I had been in this salacious torpor. Summer days here last and last. Gabriel's now soft cock still filled me. His breath had become soft and slow. The sweat and sex soaked sheets had become cool. A faint draft moved through the open window, billowing the shears. A car rolled up in the driveway.
To be continued...