NOTE: For those of you joining us for the first time, this story is a vignette from Rubirosa's series "C*ck Star." The chronicle focuses upon the private life of a public figure.As the most accomplished porn star of modern times, SAMSON lives out popular male sex fantasies on a daily basis. This story focuses on our hero's youthful exploits as an everyday high school gigolo and championship bodybuilder by the name of LANCE LEO.Lance has just turned 18. Like many seniors at Peoria Tech, he plays football, smokes pot, and dates cheerleaders. He listens to hip-hop but prefers heavy metal bands. He scored in the 38thpercentile on his SAT's. His GPA hovers just below a 2.3. Lance wears Magnum XL condoms and is able to sleep with any woman he desires.
Only one female can tame him. High school valedictorian and martial arts enthusiast SANDRA KONG will stop at nothing to win his heart.
This is their story.
"4.0 GPA. A near perfect SAT score," the guidance counselor mumbled to himself as he reviewed Sandra's file. "What about your extra-curriculars? Did you try out for the cheerleading team this year?"
Sandra gave him a very nasty look that answered his question. "Ballet," she began in a voice best described as 'controlled rage.' "And Judo."
"Judo?"
"Black Belt Third Degree."
"Would this interest have anything to do with your disciplinary record?"
"I believe in self-defense."
"You sent our varsity wrestling captain to the hospital."
"He was asking for it," she countered defensively.
Sandra tried to muster a smile. She had dealt with dipshits like Mr. Brown all her life. Her blunt manner threatened them. But a smile sometimes could defuse an awkward situation.
"Be that as it may, Ms. Kong, this incident hobbles an otherwise stellar academic record."
"Hopefully, the admissions committee at Stanford will feel otherwise."
"I hope so too. But have you applied to a state school? What is your Plan B?"
"A job."
"In what field?"
"Stripping."
Her answer threw Mr. Brown for a loop. To fuck with him further, Sandra gave a loud yawn and stretched her arms behind her back. The guidance counselor tried not to stare at her rack as her F-cups thrust forward. The top buttons of her blouse popped open from the strain.
"I can make a lot more at a club than, say, a guidance counselor," Sandra told him mockingly. "Have a nice day."
Before he could respond, she stood up and left.
Fourth period classes had just let out at Peoria Tech. Sandra had two minutes to get to AP Physics. She prepped all night for the mid-term but the hard sciences always challenged her. Sandra picked up the pace to a brisk jog. Thankfully, the straight-A vixen wore flats today. But just as she turned the corner, Sandra bumped right into Steve Knight and literally knocked the senior on his ass.
She offered a hand to help him get up from the floor but he pushed it away with a contemptuous glance. The douche wore a letterman jacket just like the asshole jock she saw in teen comedy films from the 80s. Two upperclassmen had seen the literal run-in. With onlookers, Steve would need to do more than walk away.
Sandra gathered her books off the floor. She had 30 seconds left to get to her class. "Fuckin' lesbo," Steve snarled under his breath. The buxom black belt froze. She saw red. An instant later, Sandra felled Steve with a roundhouse kick to the solar plexus. It happened so fast that both of them were stunned. Knowing the consequences of another disciplinary incident on her school record, she spun around and headed to her class as if nothing happened.
______
"Did you hear that?" Lance asked Morgan. The two of them had been making out in a dark janitor's closet amongst the pails and brooms. The commotion in the hallway grew louder. Lance cracked open the door and caught a brief glimpse of Sandra flying past. He kept a pretty close eye on the female population of Peoria Tech but that babe had eluded his leer until now.
"Who was that?" he asked Morgan.
"Sandra? Oh, right... She just came back to classes this week. The school suspended her for two months after she went postal on the captain of the wrestling team."
"She's hot."
"Be careful. She's also a fucking psycho."
"But that body..."
"We once found one of her bras on the floor of the locker room. The label read '32DDD.' I didn't even know they came in that size! I heard that she saw a doctor about getting breastreductionsurgery. Lucky bitch!"
"A girl like that doesn't need to change a thing."
The buxom blonde felt up his crotch. Damn, he was big. Unfortunately, his excitement had little to do with her and everything to do with Sandra. Since they first hooked up, the head cheerleader learned that Lance had an insatiable appetite for variety. And the Don Juan found no shortage of girls eager to experience his intimate talents. Equipped with a ten-and-a-half inch penis, he proved such a formidable lover that his partners tolerated his rakish ways.
The school bell rang.
"Hey, babe," he apologized, slipping out of her grasp. "We don't want to be late for classes."
Yeah, right...
__
School ended a couple hours ago but Lance had football practice. Marla waited for him in the parking lot. She paced back and forth in her fuck-me pumps next to his '74 Harley Sportster. Lance definitely wasn't leaving today without her.
As usual, Lance arrived late. Her date casually approached in a tank top that showed off his 24-inch pythons. The XL shirt was still a size too small and the mesh fabric molded his massive pecs and corrugated abs like a second skin. Not missing a beat, Lance gave the hourglass redhead a scorching kiss that immediately put her at ease. He mounted his bike and kick-started the motor. Without a word, Marla hopped on the bitch seat.
Lance and Marla zoomed past on his Harley. Neither saw her. Sandra had parked her windowless van in a remote corner of the high school parking lot. She gave the pair a thirty-second head start before firing up the ignition of her vehicle.
The foxy senior had been tailing Lance for about a week. Her motives remained obscure even to herself. Sandra told herself she would stop. She could not go on like this. Sandra pulled over. The motorcycle vanished over a hill. She pulled out her phone. The GPS device on his bike tracked his exact movements. She floored the van to catch up.
Lance turned left into a subdivision of middle-class homes. Sandra eased up on the gas. There would be no traffic to disguise her van on a side street. Lance parked his Harley at a discrete distance from Marla's place. She lived in a non-descript single-story bungalow. There were no cars in the driveway. That meant her parents weren't home. That meant he could fuck Marla in her own bedroom. Or maybe her parents' bedroom if she had a wild side...
Lance removed his helmet and shook out his long hair. His eyes narrowed at a van down the street.
"What are you looking at, hon?" asked Marla.
"Did you ever feel like someone was watching you?"
Sandra gunned the engine. The tires squealed through a sharp U-turn. Fuck. He probably made her. Stalking him would be harder now. Yes, that's what it was -- 'stalking him.' Sandra knew how bad that phrase sounded to most people. But she did not care either.
Sandra took a mental inventory. Lance hooked up with seven women in 48 hours. Eight if you included Jane. He might be fucking his stepmother too. She pulled out her smartphone. Her fingers hovered over the keypad on the touchscreen. Sandra got Lance's phone number from Bev Johnson. She braced the gym teacher yesterday for information. Sandra knew enough about the cougar to get her fired.
Bev spilled. Lance had a key to the girls' locker room. He banged cheerleaders in the communal shower at night. Bev shared photos of him on a phone she confiscated from a student. Several images displayed his tool lined side-by-side with a woman's forearm. His erection compared favorably in length and girth.
Sandra drove into the gravel parking lot of the local forest preserve. She had scouted the location previously. The hikers left by dusk. After shutting off the motor, Sandra slipped between the bucket seats into the back. A queen-sized mattress occupied the entire storage space. The large vehicle allowed her to hook up without any risk of getting caught. It definitely beat the backseat of her old Camaro.
The dark vixen kicked off her shoes. She shimmied out of her skinny jeans. Her panties were a soaking mess. Thank goodness she kept an extra pair in the glove compartment. Sandra slid her hand beneath the passenger seat and pulled out her new dildo. Its weight was formidable. She ran her fingers over the rubber veins and fat knob. The toy had been modeled after porn star Lexington Steele and measured nine inches.
Sandra planted the suction cup base on the mattress so it stood upright. She liked to ride 'Lex' cowgirl. Sandra gripped the balls to stabilize it, crouched above the tip, and slowly lowered her hips towards the mattress. The busty black belt did at least 200 jump squats every day so the strain did not bother her.
Getting filled by 'Lex' was Sandra's favorite part of the day. She could forget about the outside world and just focus on her pleasure. Sure, the fox could have seduced any guy at the school but girly dick bored her. And she hated the small talk after her partner blew his wad.
Sandra enjoyed the burn of her vaginal muscles stretching over the thick shaft. However, today did not feel as intense as yesterday. And yesterday did not feel as good last week. Sandra had thought of upgrading to a larger dildo but the size enthusiast knew a few more inches wouldn't fill the void in her heart. "The void in her heart..." Damn, that sounded cheesy.
But Sandra had to take a cold, hard look at her life. She had driven to a vacant lot so that she could fuck herself with a large dildo in the back of her windowless van on a chilly November evening. 'Sad!' as the president might tweet. Sandra reached for her smartphone. She swiped through Lance's photos to her favorite one. That ruler did not lie. He literally had a ten-and-a-half inch cock.
Sandra had a feeling that it might be time to break up with Lex. They had enjoyed some good times together but she needed more of a human touch. Sandra studied Lance's ripped physique in her photostream. Bev told him the bodybuilding Lothario worked out in the weight room every afternoon. Girls that wanted to hook up with him cruised the gym after school. In fact, Bev fucked him on a weight bench only two days ago.
Sandra ruled out that option. She didn't want to be another one of Lance's gym groupies. So the calculating jezebel had stalked her prey while hatching a plan. She wanted to catch him at just the right moment to make an approach. But since he probably spotted her, she either would have to act now... or never.
______
Sandra arrived bright and early. The GPS device had led her to an apartment complex on the outskirts of town. Lance hadn't spent last night at home with Jane. The teen stud shacked up with someone in Apartment #201. Or, at least, Sandra assumed he did because a steady stream of moans and groans poured out of an open window from that unit.
"Oh, Lance," cried a high-pitched female voice. "It's so fucking deep!"
"Do I get an A, teach?" answered a jocular baritone. "Did I make you come hard enough?"
Both of them laughed. Sandra sensed their familiarity. They definitely had hooked up before. The sound of the creaking bed grew louder and louder. So did the woman. She simply went berserk: "Ahhh. Unnnnghhhh! UH! UH! Oh Goddddddddddd! YES! YES! YYYYYESSS!" Lance was right. He definitely would be getting an A+ in orgasms from whatever teacher he was banging in there...
Sandra scanned the parking lot. It had emptied by 8:00am. There had been a few cars when she arrived but most people left for work by 7:30. If she got out of the van, no one would see her. So she did. The building looked like a renovated Motel 6 from the 1960s. The studio apartments all had exterior entrances and windows that faced the courtyard. She could get really close to the action. Sandra quietly crept up the staircase to the second floor. She slid along the wall and stopped just short of the open casement window by the door to #201. Sandra wanted to look inside but didn't. Too risky! They might see her. Instead, she just listened...
The stranger's voice cried out even louder than before. Sandra could tell she would come soon. The voyeuristic vixen was aggressively bisexual and slept with numerous women. Not as many as Lance, probably, but enough that she intuited an impending orgasm. An eerie silence ensued from within. Without a doubt, the female in #201 was climaxing big time. She came too hard to speak or breathe.
"I'm comin', babe," thundered Lance. "FUCK YEAH!" Sandra flinched. His voice startled her. She thought of the word 'stentorian.' Not just loud butpowerful. She would obey a voice like that. Its presence felt commanding. The manbeast grunted and growled his way through a seemingly endless crescendo. He sounded different than other guys when they came. They squealed and whimpered pathetically. On the other hand, Lance roared with a triumphant air. He betrayed no weakness, even in heat.
Finally, the bed creaked. She heard footsteps. A closet door opened.
"Where are you going?" he asked.
"To where you should be right now. School."
"Aw, c'mon. Let's cut first period."
She didn't answer.
"Babe, you're going to leave me high and dry," he pleaded.
"No, you're going to learn self-control."
"C'mon. You know I gotta come at least three times in the morning."
"Lance, we need to be more careful. What would it look like if we both missed first period? Someone will notice that," explained the woman. "In fact, you should stay here for a bit after I leave. We can't arrive to school at the same time."
The voices moved to the back of the apartment. Sandra snuck downstairs and jumped inside the van. A few minutes later, a blonde cougar rushed down the steps. It was Miss Tracey. She taught French. Sandra ducked beneath the dashboard as the tardy teacher ran toward her cherry red convertible. The Mazda tore out of the lot like a bat out of hell.
Sandra watched #201 like a hawk. Lance emerged a few minutes later. He shut the door, tested the knob to make sure it was locked, and headed downstairs. Lance paused at the bottom of the stairs. He grinned. Busted! Her van stood out like a sore thumb in the empty lot.
Lance mounted his Harley. He lifted his ass off the seat and tried to kick start the vintage bike. The engine didn't turn over. He tried again. No dice. Three times was not the charm either... Sandra saw her opening. Now or never! She fired up her van and drove towards him.
"Hey, looks like your bike needs a new carburetor." she began lamely. "Do you need a ride to school?"
Sandra regretted her words as soon as they left her mouth. She knew nothing about motorbikes, let alone carburetors. But mentioning 'school' sounded even worse. Her question exhibited a stalker's awareness of her target's destination. Lance kick started the bike again and the motor started up just fine.
But he didn't leave just yet.
"You live around here, Sandra?" Lance smiled knowingly. He knew her name already.
"Apartment #103," she replied smoothly.
"Would you like to give me a tour?" he asked seductively.
"I need to get to school," she lied.
Lance cut off the engine.
"Maybe, I'll take you up on that ride after all."
Without asking, Lance opened the passenger door and hopped in the cab. Sandra sped off. An awkward silence ensued. Both understood what the other wanted but neither knew how to obtain it gracefully. Sandra hung a left into the forest preserve.
"Is this a shortcut to school?" asked Lance, knowing the answer already. Lance had taken dates to the forest preserve before. It was a good spot. No one came there in November, especially on weekdays. The gravel road got bumpy.
"You're not a serial killer, are you?" he joked. "After all, I'm hitching a ride with a stranger who drives a windowless van."
Sandra raised a finger in the air. She placed it on his lip. "Shut up," whispered the vixen.
For once in his life, Lance didn't offer backtalk. Truth be told, Sandra mesmerized him. He had seduced many 9's at Peoria Tech but never scored the elusive perfect 10. Moreover, she possessed an exotic look that drove him wild.
Peoria had turned out pretty whitebread for his sexual tastes. Sure, the student body had tons of cute blondes and redheads to bang. Lance also hooked up with a lot of black chicks from the North side of town as well as a few Korean and Chinese babes. But Sandra looked bi-racial, Afro-Asian to be precise. Lance craved variety. As his body count of seductions skyrocketed, the ladykiller developed a taste for foreign trim. The connoisseur constantly sought new experiences between a woman's thighs.
But some things never changed. Wild horses could not drag his eyes away from her succulent 32F rack. Sandra had the biggest jugs at Peoria Tech as sure as Lance had the biggest dick. Lance marked her as the shy type of woman that walked with a hunch to conceal her bountiful assets. The girl wore oversized sweatshirts that fooled no one. Like it or not, fate has destined her to be a fox.
Lance knew himself to be a 'tit man.' He felt no shame in his desire but understood its consequences. For instance, Lance accepted a ride from the school psycho and let her drive him into a dark, uninhabited wood because he liked staring at her tits. His decision was utterly irrational yet unavoidable.
Unknown to her passenger, a similar thought occurred to Sandra. She knew little to nothing about Lance aside from those photos of his cock. He exhibited a room temperature IQ that made a football jock look like a brain surgeon. But Sandra didn't care. She wanted him like all the other girls.
The road terminated in a gravel lot. Sandra parked. "Get out," she told him. Lance obeyed. Snow flurries fell to the ground. His breath misted in the cold air. Sandra walked to the back of the van. She opened up the double doors. Lance admired the bed that lined the floor. The sheets had been made with hospital corners. Psycho or no, the girl seemed tidy.
"Nice," smiled Lance. "I guess you're not a serial killer."
Sandra didn't answer but just motioned for him to get inside. Lance climbed into the back. Sandra followed and shut the door behind her. It was dark. But she felt so close that he almost could taste her pussy. Sandra clicked on the overhead light. Lance took off his leather jacket. He only wore a AC/DC tank top underneath. Sandra noted his big guns. The stud was hungandripped.
For an instant, Sandra seemed unsure of herself. She didn't issue any more orders. Lance put her at ease.
"Do you want to see it?"
She didn't answer.
"It's OK. We don't have to do anything. Some girls just want to look at it."
Sandra nodded. However, the gesture left matters ambiguous. It may have been a nod of understanding as in, "Yes, I appreciate that you have no expectations of sex." But it may also have meant, "Yes, I would like to see it."
"I'll show my junk to you on one condition," he continued. "You'll need to take it out." Lance liked making a girl work a little for his cock. Playing hard-to-get could be fun. Sandra needed a moment to process his statement. Wasn't the guy supposed to be the aggressor?
"Lie down," she told him finally. Lance complied. He lay back on a stack of pillows at the head of the makeshift bed. Lance smelled freshly laundered sheets. It almost felt cozy. Sandra crawled over to him. The pillows elevated his view so he could watch her. Sandra wasted no time. She nimbly undid the front of his jeans.
"Thank God for button-fly jeans," he mused to no one in particular. "Lucky Brand jeans have a lot more crotch room than Levi's."
A label had been stitched to the inside of his fly. It read "Lucky You!" with a pair of clover leafs bracketing the declaration. The manufacturer clearly had a sense of humor.
"Yup," he smiled. "It's your lucky day."
Truth be told, she thought the message on the label had ben intended for Lance. A lot of girls must have opened his fly since he arrived at Peoria Tech. Most guys would consider unlimited hookups pretty damn lucky. To say nothing of owning the bulge that lay underneath.
Lance lifted his ass off the mattress so Sandra could pull down his pants. He wore boxer briefs. The waistband announced an unfamiliar but self-explanatory brand name: 'Endowed.' The letter 'O' in the word 'Endowed' also functioned as the company's logo. It consisted of a white circle with a black horse's head stitched in the center. Said horse wore a crown. Yes, it was good to be king.
"Jane bought me ten pairs," Lance explained without her asking. "They cost a fortune but I like to be comfortable."
His comment sounded offhand but still jolted her. Lance knew she knew whom he meant by Jane. He probably had been aware of her lockstep surveillance for days. Fortunately, Lance didn't seem to care. Even for a tough guy, he seemed fearless.
Sandra slipped her hand beneath his waistband. She grasped him by the root. He felt as thick as her dildo but warm and alive. She tried to pull it out. No dice. The shaft got stuck at an odd angle inside the extra-large pouch. She struggled to wrench him loose until Lance finally hooked his thumbs beneath the waistband and yanked down his boxer briefs.
He wasn't even hard. That was the first thing that occurred to Sandra. He wasn't even hard but Lance was bigger than all the guys she ever encountered at full-mast. Sandra only had seen photos of him erect. But, even at rest, the teen stud excited her. She imagined him walking through the men's locker room with that big limp dick swinging between his legs. The bodybuilding Adonis likely provoked a major outbreak of penis envy among his peers. Lance epitomized the alpha male every bro secretly aspired to be.
"It gets even bigger if you touch it," he boasted. "I'm a showeranda grower."
Sandra gripped the base and ran her palm up and down his impressive length. She felt him growing in her grasp. His organ blew up like an extra-long party balloon. Sandra never had been with a guy that erected so quickly. Further, Lance felt hard as a rock. Size mattered to her but so did erectile strength. The stud aced both categories.
"Use both hands, babe," Lance urged her. Sandra winced. No one called her 'babe.' But she followed his advice. Lance had been endowed with an authentic two-hander. She began to jerk him harder. Strong grip. Long strokes. Sandra could not deny her sense of power and pleasure as he moaned out loud. She had the school stud in the palm of her hand. Well, two palms to be precise.
Lance felt giddy. He usually asked a lot more from a woman to get his rocks off. Sandra hadn't even bothered to take off her leather jacket. But she had magic fingers. The vixen jacked him off with a degree of artistry Lance had not acquired after years of solo practice. As Sandra kneeled over him, he caught just the tiniest glimpse of cleavage peek out of the blouse underneath her jacket. His skin tingled. He felt utter bliss and pleasure build inside his balls.
"I'm gonna come," he blurted out.
____
FOUR HOURS LATER
"So then what happened?" asked Morgan.
"What do you think? I blew my wad all over the back of her van."
"That sounds messy. You blast spunk like a geyser."
"You're telling me. We spent twenty minutes cleaning it up. I promised to wear a condom for the next round but my accident sort of killed the mood."
"You mean a girl actually told you 'no' for once?"
"She drove me back to where I parked my motorcycle and left. Not even a goodbye kiss."
"Good for her."
"I think I'm in love."
Morgan's pert nose wrinkled as if she smelled the inside of a garbage dumpster.
"Ewwww! You can't be serious."
"What else could it be? With other girls, I either strike out or hit a home run on the first date. Usually, I get the home run. But I never jizzed 30 seconds into a hand job."
"That is true. But what do you like about her so much?"
He paused. Lance hadn't thought much about why. However, he held back nothing from Morgan. Besides sleeping with him, the cheerleader had become his confidante at Peoria Tech. She proved an extremely valuable source of gossip on anyone and everyone.
"Well, spit it out," Morgan finally told him. "You're not going to offend me."
"Have you seen that cleavage?" he confessed. "She's got a succulent rack."
"Lance!" she chided. "Are you really that shallow? You're not in love. You're in lust!"
"How can you tell?"
"Because I can feel your dick growing inside of me."
Busted. Lance had not withdrawn from Morgan since they began making love at her place an hour ago. The couple enjoyed a steamy session: tons of foreplay to warm her up, his world-class cunnilingus, followed by a forty-minute pounding. Morgan came at least ten times before Lance did. He hadn't finished with her yet of course. Rather, the teen stud just needed a quick breather between rounds.
"Lance, that cock doesn't lie. You've been getting harder and harder since we started talking about Sandra."
"C'mon, Morgan. What kind of man do you think I am?" he asked disingenuously.
"A player," she told him. "Don't try to fool me. Your prick is like that nose in Pinnochio. The more you lie, the longer it grows."
"But you like it, don't you?" he smiled devilishly.
Morgan cracked a grin. She couldn't lie too well either. Size mattered a lot to Morgan ever since she met him at her own 18thbirthday party. The blonde's parents went on vacation and 100 of her closest friends came to celebrate at their upscale McMansion. Lance heard about the rager and crashed it. When she asked him to leave, he had the nerve to proposition her. And she accepted...
"Yes, I do like it," continued Morgan. "But let's talk about you. Don't you want more in a girlfriend than big boobs?"
"Who said I wanted a girlfriend?"
"You just said you were in love!"
"I am in love but a girlfriend could really cramp my style."
"Cramp your style? What do you mean?"
"It means," he grinned before shoving his tool deep into her body. "No more of this."
Morgan's breath caught in her throat. She felt him enter her cul-de-sac, an erogenous zone the teen learned about after her first time with Lance. Their intense encounter had not just aroused her libido. It aroused her curiosity. The teen read everything she could about female sexual response.
Morgan found a crucial bit of information on Reddit. When a woman became excited, her vagina tented outward, opening a space below the cervix for penetration. The hidden cove lay deep inside of her so a typical male had little chance of reaching it. But with careful maneuvering, Lance apparently could wind his way up her Lover's Lane and park his tool in her cul-de-sac for some high voltage lovemaking.
The brutish playboy began to thrust his ram into her depths. A gasping moan escaped her glossy lips. Who was she kidding? Morgan was also in lust. The teenage Casanova was nailing every member of the cheerleading squad and she didn't care. None of them cared. Some of Lance's teammates thought the star quarterback got laid because he scored lots of touchdowns. In truth, girls lay and spread for him because his prick grew large enough to stimulate their cul-de-sacs and make them come their brains out. Was lusting after Lance's big dick any better than him lusting after Sandra's big boobs? It was incredibly shallow. This dude has nothing to offer besides hot sex. Yet neither of them could resist its temptation.
__
Lance slipped out the back door of Morgan's McMansion around 8pm. Her parents were never home but the playboy didn't want the neighbors to see him. He parked his bike on another street. To his delight, the ubiquitous white van lay in wait nearby with its motor running. Lance walked right up to the driver's side of the vehicle. The tinted window rolled down.
"Miss me?" he asked with a cocky grin.
"Get in," she told him curtly. Sandra wore mirrored sunglassesat night. Her look oozed sex with a hint of intimidation. Lance walked over to the passenger door. It was locked. The bolt for the back doors clicked. He got inside the storage area. Sandra followed. She handed him a blindfold.
"Are you kidding?" he asked.
She shook her head.
"Alright, woman," Lance smiled, tying the blindfold around his eyes. "We can do theEyes Wide Shutthing if it turns you on."
Sandra took him by the hand, lifted it over his head, and CLICK! She cuffed his wrist to the wall.
"Do I get a safe word?" he joked.
The vixen ignored his comment, grabbed his other hand and cuffed it to the opposite wall. Then she got out of the back.
"Hey," he complained. "There must be a law against this!"
Sandra got behind the wheel and gunned the engine. The van took off into the night. Lance obviously couldn't see the speedometer but the she-devil must have been pushing 90. The vehicle swerved to and fro for a seeming eternity. Finally, Sandra slowed down and killed the engine. Lance had no idea where she took him but it sounded quiet and peaceful outside.
The back door opened. Sandra crawled inside. She shoved him onto his back. She slipped a couple pillows beneath his head. At least, the sheets smelled nice. Sandra must have cleaned them since his last visit. He heard a zipper. Cool! She was getting undressed. The mattress shifted from her weight. In his mind's eye, Lance saw Sandra planting her feet on either side of his head and squatting over his face.
The first thing that hit him was her scent. Lance loved the smell of moist, ripe cunt. But Sandra's pussy had a particularly delicious aroma. His tongue darted out of his mouth and lightly flicked her juice-brimmed slit. The tip only grazed her cuntflesh but the flavor exploded across his tongue. She tasted of citrus and honey with a ginger zest. His entire mouth burned with her spicy flavor.
Her seductive aroma inevitably drew him deeper. Lance's tongue darted from between his lips and probed her labia. She loudly gasped as the tip wriggled its way into her luscious interiors. As the organ inched up her twat, Sandra ground her crotch against his face. She wanted more. His undulating tongue extended deeper and deeper until the tip brushed against her cervix. Holy. Fucking. Shit. No actual human could possibly --physiologically-- give head like this. His tongue must have been eight or nine inches to reach that far.
And his technique felt exquisite. Because his organ was so long, he could press the flat of his tongue against her clit while the tip stroked her G-spot. Sandra couldn't see exactly what Lance was doing but it felt as if he had two tongues pleasuring her at the same time. The champion cunnilinguist wasn't even using his hands. She had cuffed them to the walls of her van.
Sandra leaned forward to grip the bars of the metal cage that separated the storage area from the cab of the van. She rode his face hard as her body seized up with the onrush of her first climax. "AUNNNNGGGGHHHH!" snarled the Afro-Asian temptress through clenched teeth. She never came with a guy before. A woman, perhaps, but never this hard.
Beneath her perfect heart-shaped ass, Lance continued to drill Sandra's pussy with his tongue. His serpentine organ spun round and round her box like a propeller as her vaginal walls convulsed and contracted. Her glutes and thighs clenched once more and her gash drowned his face in love nectar.
Lance grunted with satisfaction. Sandra had officially entered what he called the "O-zone," the headspace where lovers experienced pleasure without limitations or inhibitions. Girlfriends might have come for the dick but they stayed for the tongue. Lance could master a woman with his mouth just as powerfully as with his stallion-sized endowment.
In that regard, his loins seethed with lust. Lance always sported rock-hard erections but his prick wasthrobbingtonight. He never craved pussy so badly in his life. His ten-inch python pulsed angrily against the length of his inner-thigh. The growing bulge stretched the fabric of his skintight jeans with the subtlety of a lead pipe.
In other circumstances, Lance could have made adjustments down there but his arms were secured to the walls of the van. A few moments later, the problem sort of solved itself. Like an X-rated parody of the Incredible Hulk, his supersized love muscle strained the inseam of his jeans until the beast ripped right through the denim. The tower of flesh rose up tall and defiant, larger than her forearm, harder than tempered steel.
Had she not been staring at his crotch the whole time, Sandra wouldn't have believed what just happened. Like it or not, he got her hot. It wasn't just the size. His prick radiated a primal potency that made even the proudest of women fall to her knees in awe. She wondered how many girls succumbed to the seductive snake charmer. Lance reputedly slept with half the senior class. He also nailed teachers, exotic dancers, and random MILF's. A guy like him could have his way with anyone.
"Fuck him," thought Sandra. She knew how badly the dude wanted her and he could wait. The vixen humped her crotch against his face with redoubled intensity. Lance gave as good as he got, stabbing her A-spot repeatedly with the tip of his tongue. Sandra never experienced anything like it before. His tongue felt better than any sex toy she ever used.
Sandra squeezed her eyes shut as sensation thundered through her body. It was wonderful. It was also too much. She had enjoyed an hour-long orgasm that just kept getting more intense. Her thighs began to twitch uncontrollably. Her head spun. She actually started to get tired from coming for so long. Below deck, Lance's jaw muscles had begun to ache. Much as he loved her pussy, Sandra had begun to suffocate him. However, he couldn't say much while she smothered his face with her crotch.
Lance tried to communicate through body language. He twisted his neck side-to-side. He withdrew his tongue from her snatch. He mumbled into her pussy. Nothing worked. Instead, the jezebel appeared to protest his lack of cooperation by humping his face even harder. Lance began to cough. He accidentally inhaled a mouthful of her cunt juice into his windpipe.
Unable to breathe, Lance writhed beneath her. His mighty arms struggled against the cuffs that secured him. Knowing his strength, Sandra had bought police-issue handcuffs to keep him restrained. They were secured to steel pegs that she soldered into the metal walls of the van. Unfortunately, it was a rush job. Sandra hadn't done much welding before and the blowtorch ran out of propane.
Thus, it came as no surprise when Lance ripped the pegs clean off the walls. He bolted upright, causing Sandra to tumble backwards onto the mattress. Lance loomed over her. "Loomed": no other word could describe him at that moment. During his captivity, Sandra forgot how big he was. The championship bodybuilder stood six-and-a-half feet tall. His V-shaped torso flared so wide that his shoulders almost touched opposite walls of the van. Despite his menacing physique, his smoldering gaze did not so much indicate anger as absolute desire.
Seemingly out of nowhere, Lance pulled out the famed gold foil wrapper that contained a Magnum XL condom. He wore the smug grin of a guy who got anything he wanted from a girl.
"Spread your legs, babe," he growled.
"Babe." That word must have been the trigger. No one called her that. Despite all the fun of the past hour, Lance flipped a switch in her brain. Sandra felt a surge of adrenalized rage course through her veins. The dude was not supposed to break out like this. He had fucked up her plan.
Sandra quickly reviewed her options. The confined storage area of the van would not be a very good place to attempt any martial arts moves. So she looked for a blunt object. The mattress was bare, save for her trusty Lexington Steele dildo. She grabbed it and assumed a defensive crouch...
__
ONE HOUR LATER
"I mean she just clobbered me with that dildo! And it was a really big one."
Lance wiped a trickle of blood from his forehead with a tissue.
"How big?" asked Joanna, stifling a giggle.
"Like almost as big as the one I've got!"
"Duuuuude," Joanna laughed. "That's big." She handed him another Kleenex. Lance was still shivering from the cold. Joanna cranked up the heat in her SUV.
Joanna owed him one. Lance literally took a bullet for her a couple months ago during a feud with a biker gang. That's why she was the first person he called after Sandra drove off. The psycho-babe abandoned him in a vacant lot on the outskirts of nowhere. It took Joanna forty minutes to arrive. Lance was lucky he even had cell phone reception out there.
"Do you think she felt threatened?" queried Joanna.
"Look at this," Lance responded, holding up his hands. Two pairs of handcuffs still hung off his wrists. "How could she feel threatened? I fucking let her chain me up."
"But you broke out."
"Of course, I did. I told you I couldn't breathe."
"So tell me again what happened next. Slowly."
"I bolted upright and Sandra fell backwards on the mattress. Then I knelt over her and took a condom out of my wallet. I had begun to slip it on when she banged me upside the head."
"Did you get her permission?"
"Permission to bang me upside the head?"
"No, silly. For sex."
"I just ate her out for an hour," he answered defensively "She came like ten times. Her pussy was soaking wet."
"OK. But did you obtain her consent to go the next level?"
"I guess."
"Lance, you need to be 100% sure about this kind of thing! We're living in a very complex time right now. Haven't you heard about #metoo?"
"Listen, babe," smiled Lance. "The only time I ever hear a chick say 'me too' is when she wants to join us for a threesome."
Joanna broke out in laughter.
"By the way," he smiled. "How is Melissa doing?"
"My girlfriend is doing fine," Joanna answered carefully.
"You don't think we all could hang out tonight?"
"Lance," she scolded. "Driving out to the middle of nowhere to rescue your sorry ass is one thing. But asking for a threesome on top of it is a bit much."
"Well, it's not like it would be our first rodeo," he smirked.
"No, it would not," she admitted. "But Melissa and I are working out some issues right now. Hello? Don't you get it? We're in a relationship. You ought to try one sometime."
"Yeah, maybe you're right," he mused. Despite their awkward parting, Lance still couldn't get Sandra out of his head. It might have been those tits.
___
"I don't know what came over me," she explained to the psychiatrist. "I really liked him."
Sandra hated going to her court-mandated anger management sessions but they did give her a chance to vent.
"What did you like about him?"
"Well, here's the thing. I don't want to settle for a regular guy. I want what I want."
"What do you want?"
Sandra paused for a moment before deciding to come clean.
"The first time I felt sexually aroused was in sixth grade," she began. "I was watching 'Conan The Barbarian' at a friend's house. You know the film, right?"
"Yes, I've heard of it."
"Well, I really crushed on Conan. I secretly bought all his comic books and stashed them under my bed like boys used to do with old issues of Playboy."
"What did you like about him?"
"Those big muscles. And his attitude... He didn't take shit from anyone."
"And your friend reminds you of Conan?"
"Lance looks like he stepped right out of a comic book. He checks every box on my list: eight-pack abs, a square jaw, that five o'clock shadow that no guy can pull off. And he has this magnificent mane of dark, wavy hair that flows down to his ass. Give him a guitar and you got a rock star. Give him a sword and you got yourself a smoking hot barbarian stud."
"Abarbarian stud?"
"Yeah, a stud. What the hell do you think I am talking about? I don't want Mr. Nice Guy. I want adventure. And the more I heard about Lance at school, the more I wanted him. He was like... notorious."
"What do you mean?"
"No one knows his exact body count but he probably hooked up with 40 or 50 seniors this semester. Lance slept with every member of the cheerleading squad. After the school elected him Prom King, he went home withtwo girlsthat night. I know what women are supposed to say: 'Oh, my goodness! What a cad!' But that would be a lie. To be honest, a badass Don Juan turns me on."
"Please elaborate."
"I think the more girls a guy can bed, the better he'll be able to handle me. I'm not into slut-shaming. And I'm not intostud-shamingeither. We live in a repressive society that makes us ashamed of our bodies and our desires. And that means women like me are supposed to endure shitty, boring sex lives to please our husbands. Fuck that shit! Listen to me. Lance is a moron. I don't think he can spell his own name. But that dude truly gets it. He doesn't give a fuck."
"What do you mean?"
"He doesn't give a fuck about school, peer pressure, winning the big game, the federal deficit, who gets nominated for the Supreme Court. But, most importantly, he doesn't give a fuck about what people like you think of him! He just wants to get his rocks off."
"And that's all you want in a soul mate?"
Sandra's lips broke out into a naughty grin. She decided to fuck with the doctor.
"No, that's not all. There's something else you should know about Lance. He's got a ten-and-a-half inch cock."
Sandra paused and let the revelation hang in the air for dramatic effect. Dr. Joffe shifted uncomfortably in his seat. The psychologist understood that his patients needed to express themselves freely in these sessions. However, he found it difficult to divorce his professional duties from his perfectly understandable attraction to the buxom teenage knockout. This type of conversation could lead to all sorts of troubles with the medical licensing board.
"Keep going," he timidly ventured.
"They call him 'forearm' at school. I barely socialize with anyone and even I heard the rumors. That's why all the girls want to go out with him. His big dick makes them come so hard that they black out."
Sandra wore a skimpy gray skirt that day. Dr. Joffe probably had been undressing her luscious body in his mind from the moment she walked in his office. Having raised the tension of their session to a fever pitch, Sandra uncrossed her legs to reveal her shaved pussy. An instant later, she re-crossed them. It was a classic move. She always had wanted to pull a Sharon Stone.
"Did you like that, you dumb 'male gaze' motherfucker? Well, guess what? Women also have eyes in their heads. We've got our own fetishes. So, no, I'm not going to apologize for lusting after a big dick."
Dr. Joffe looked at Sandra impassively. She had yearned for a flustered reaction and badly missed the mark.
"I've been married for twenty years," he began quietly. "A relationship begins with something physical but that feeling won't sustain it. Let's assume your 'date' had gone well and Lance became your boyfriend. How would that make you feel?"
"Powerful," she said. The word seemed to escape her lips without any forethought. "All my life, I've been on the outside. I didn't even have a date for prom. But, for once, I'll get the guy."
"So you get the guy. Then what?
"I want to put that fucker in his place. He'll do whatever I tell him."
"This...uh... potential boyfriend of yours doesn't seem like a pushover. In fact, you just called him a Don Juan. What if he, say, looked at another woman?"
"I'd kill him!" Sandra blurted out almost instantly. "I mean... I'd kick his fucking ass. Killing is wrong."
"Wait a minute. On the one hand, you want a guy that seduced the entire cheerleading squad. On the other, he's not allowed to even look at someone else. Don't you see a contradiction?"
Fuck. Maybe he had a point.
"It's complicated!" she answered defensively. "I don't fucking know. I thought guys like you were paid to figure out this kind of thing."
__
Lance spent Thursday evening in unusual circumstances. Alone. If he hadn't gone out on a date, he usually would be banging Jane at this hour. Though Lance had become emancipated from his parents a few years ago, the buxom cougar had become his legal guardian. The arrangement worked for both of them. In return for a crash pad and no curfew, the live-in gigolo gave her the kind of loving that separated the men from the boys. Across the hall, her bedroom door was always open for business.
"Coming home?" he texted.
"Night shift," was her response.
Lance scanned the rest of the texts. He had 72 unread messages since this morning. Lance got so many nudes from his admirers that the touchscreen of his phone looked like the photostream of a pornographic Tumblr feed. But what really turned him on were the captions:
"Wanna do a number on me?""I want your big dick to stretch out my pussy.""Yo, Magnum Man! Wanna stop by?""Call me. You can make me cum like no one else."Lance had to keep his phone on silent because it hummed in his pocket more than a nymphomaniac's vibrator. Yet even as more messages from more girls flashed their tits across the screen, he almost felt... bored. Lance knew what that meant. It was Tinder time!
Lance opened the app on his phone. He swiped right five times and got five matches. The playboy prowled their profiles: Two blondes, one brunette, one redhead, and an emo chick with purple hair. He couldn't decide whom to text first. Usually, one of them would contact him in a minute or two. His profile attracted strong interest: a shirtless candid of his massive ripped torso with a salami-shaped bulge in his skintight jeans. Lance didn't need to write a witty description about himself to get swiped right. His profile simply read "10.5 inches."
Suddenly, his phone lit up with a video message from "Unknown Caller." He opened the file. The woman had shot herself from the neck down but Lance immediately knew her identity. Sandra wore a white T-shirt with a plunging neckline. No bra. She bounced her ass on a springy mattress, causing her big jugs to swing up and down beneath the loose garment.
It had not been the first "titty bounce" video that Lance ever got on his phone but the sight of Sandra's elusive bust instantly mesmerized him. The footage looped over and over again as he watched her thudding breasts almost hypnotically. Lance instinctively wrapped his hand around his hard, thick shaft and stroked it. The sensation had become unfamiliar. With a virtual harem of partners on his phone, he had not touched himself in a long time.
It was not enough. Lance craved Sandra. He parted the curtains of his bedroom window. Her van wasn't parked outside. That kind of bummed him out.
His phone lit up. One of the Tinder girls had sent a message. It read, "Prove it!"
__
TWO HOURS LATER
The dorm room was dark. Lance chilled with Mandy on the lower level of her bunk bed. The brunette Tinder babe had stripped down to her bra and panties. She had just taken his dick out.
"Wow, I think I'll call you '2x.'"
"2x?"
"Yeah, you're like twice as big as my last boyfriend."
"So did I 'prove it'?"
"Yeah," she grinned. "I think you could say that."
The springs in the upper bunk creaked for a moment.
"Shhhhh!" Mandy warned him with a finger to the lips.
"I thought you said your roommate had passed out after the party," he whispered.
"I thought she had."
Lance and Mandy didn't move a muscle.
"Can I see it?" finally sounded a faint voice from the top bunk.
"Alright, alright..." Mandy shrugged with a smile.
A pair of very long legs descended the ladder of the bunk. They seemed to go one forever until the hem of her black nightie finally came into view around mid-thigh. Kate hopped off the ladder. She stood 5'11" in her bare feet. The nineteen-year old volleyball champion looked just as hot as Mandy. Kate glanced at his face, then his dick. She did a double take.
"Holy shit!" gushed Kate. "You're Lance Leo!"
"Guilty as charged," smirked the playboy.
"My little sister goes to Peoria Tech," she told him. "Mandy, do you have any idea who you just swiped? This dude is going to be in the NFL!"
"Sure, lots of people get scouted," he humblebragged. "But I have to go to college first. To be honest, I think I'd rather stick with bodybuilding. Check this out."
Lance opened a photo album of the Teen Olympia competition on his smartphone. The organizers took some promotional snaps of him holding up the trophy for First Place. He tossed the phone to Kate. She sat down on the edge of the bed. The tension rose. Kate wasn't going anywhere. Mandy looked at Lance: "WTF?" He just smiled and winked: "Relax."
The teen stud played it cool. Other guys might have panicked in his situation but Lance knew how to pivot when another chick showed up unexpectedly. A visitor like her wasn't an obstacle but an opportunity.
"Duuuude!" she laughed. "You fucking look Photoshopped."
"Nope," he answered. "There really are guys like me in the real world."
To prove his point, Lance tore off his Muscle Tee. He didn't say anything but just let his body do the talking. Kate needed a little time to accustom herself to the vast disparity between his triple-wide shoulders and narrow waist but it didn't diminish her attraction to the bodybuilding playboy in the slightest. His sculpted eight-pack abs had not been Photoshopped.
But his magnificent physique did not banish the elephant in the room. Lance had made no effort to conceal his huge boner. In fact, he now was buck naked in front of two strange females.
Kate put down his phone. "Can I touch it?" she asked Mandy seemingly out of the blue. Her roommate nodded in the affirmative.
"Don't I get a say in this?" he mock-complained. "Aren't you gals in college? Where is my consent form?"
Kate rolled her eyes before reaching out and taking hold of him with one hand. She could not steady his pole so she supported the base with the other. The lusty co-ed could feel the heat radiating off of it. Her fingers and thumbs didn't touch as she slowly fisted his shaft.
Lance motioned for Mandy with a curl of the index finger. His smile broadened as the Tinder babe closed in on him for a kiss. She took the initiative, slipping her tongue into his mouth. Lance tasted cinnamon on her breath. The college freshman probably had knocked back a shot of Fireball to steady her nerves before he arrived.
Mandy finally pulled back from him to undo her braid. Whiskey or no, the kiss caused her mind to race. She tugged awkwardly at the weave and ended up tangling up her long hair into a big knot. "Let me," he offered in a voice both soothing and self-confident. "We better loosen you up." Lance's skillful fingers combed through her braid and unraveled the matted hair.
Meanwhile, Kate met his smoldering gaze. "Are you loosening her up?" the volleyball vixen asked with a wink as she continued to stroke his massive tool. Lance nodded and smiled. He knew she knew. Kate's little sister had spoken about more than his athletic feats. Football bored most chicks. Nope, Kate heard the stories about his legendary cocksmanship.
Lance's popularity at school seemed to happen overnight. After transferring to Peoria Tech for his last year of school, he slept with one or two fast seniors that liked to gossip about penis size. They raved about his prowess on social media and the teen stud soon found himself the subject of admiring glances, peer approval, and alpha male respect.
Lance's smile widened. He just couldn't help it. It was awesome to be him. The ladykiller owned the ultimate male status symbol. Women treated him differently than other guys. During class, the hottest girls in school slipped him scraps of paper with their phone numbers and sent unsolicited nudes to his mobile. While his peers struggled through puberty, Lance entered an almost pornographic wonderland in which the door to every girl's bedroom stood wide open.
As fall semester wore on, Lance had pretty well fished out the pond that was Peoria Tech. He already had nailed the hottest seniors on his hit list. But Bradley University boasted a much larger student body. It also enjoyed a reputation as a party school. As a playboy who dug casual sex, Lance felt like he won the lottery. The campus offered a seemingly inexhaustible number of young, single college babes for hookups.
Kate hopped off the bunk. She turned her back to them, and without any further ado, lifted her nightie up and off, showing her bare back and panty-clad ass.
"I can't believe I'm doing this," confided Mandy.
"You're gonna love it," Lance reassured her before kissing her roommate. He wasn't wrong. A healthy sexual tension had built between the girls since they had been assigned to live together in Room #512. Mandy heard Kate masturbating the last time a guy nailed her on the lower bunk and she could not help but think "What if?" She really lucked out finding the Tinder stud. Whether or not he was going to the NFL, the dude had enough game to lure Kate into her bed.
The panties came off next. Lance drew back and let his partners explore each other. His smile persisted.
"What are you looking at?" Kate teased.
"Just happy to see two young ladies expanding their horizons."
"Don't you think your perspective is a bit self-serving?"
"It is."
Lance saw no reason to lie. He wanted a double helping of hot, wet pussy that night. And his companions looked more than willing to serve it to him.
__
Sandra kept her ear pressed to the window and listened intently as the unmistakable sounds of kissing ensued. The shades had been drawn so the vixen couldn't look inside. She never got this close. She never stayed this long. The nimble voyeur crouched on the fire escape, barely aware of the spreading wetness in her panties. The anger and sadness she felt earlier that day melted as her blood boiled with lust.
After several minutes of what sounded like a really hot make out session, Sandra could hear creaking bedsprings as Lance repositioned himself on the mattress. Next came a heaving breath interspersed with an occaional gasp. Lance must have been giving head. He became very vocal during sex and wouldn't have shut up unless he had his tongue shoved up a woman's pussy. Sandra felt her clit twitch at the thought.
"FUCK YES!" screamed a female voice, giving up any pretense of discretion. Sandra heard her limbs thrash violently against the mattress as a powerful orgasm rattled that gal to her very core. No guy ate pussy as good as Lance. She would have humped his face all night if he hadn't broken out.
Then she heard slurping sounds.Cocksuckingsounds. Sandra tried to visualize what was happening inside. Lance must have been doing a sixty-nine with his date. The couple had gone silent while they devoured each other's privates. Sandra wondered how it would feel to suck his cock. She usually fantasized about him thrusting his monster inside of her but a blowjob could be fun too. She wanted to taste his big hunk of meat, to stroke it with both hands, feel its mass... Its power... Its strength...
Sandra heard a moan. Her ears perked up. The woman's voice sounded different, a bit huskier than before. "Give it to me," demanded the stranger, her request infused with desperate lust. Sandra heard a lot of mattress movement. The bedsprings creaked, then stopped. They creaked some more. She heard faint whispers and laughter.
"I don't think this going to work," said the girl.
"The mattress is too small for three people," said thesecondgirl.
"Ladies," Lance reassured them. "I got this."
Sandra's mind raced as she reimagined the lurid scene within Room #512. Lance had scored a threesome! His salacious conquest shouldn't have excited Sandra but it did. She already had pegged Lance for an "orgy guy." The playboy had the looks and confidence to pull two women. But she had not pondered how the actual event would unfold.
"Here, let me pull this down," said Lance. Sandra heard something heavy drop to the floor with a dull thump. "We'll use this one too," he continued. She heard another dull thump, followed by the sound of furniture being moved. Though she couldn't see inside, Sandra deduced they had taken the mattresses off the bunk beds and lined them up together on the floor.
"See," announced Lance. "Plenty of room."
It was more than the hardcore sexual mechanics of Lance's threesome that excited Sandra. The small details proved equally titillating. She noted his smooth, calculating manner. When presented with the obstacle of an undersized twin mattress, he immediately offered a solution. Could this have been his first time nailing a pair of college bunkmates in their dorm room? Probably not.
"Climb on board, babe," he told one of them.
"Youcan sit on my face," he told the other.
A low guttural moan sounded inside. "Holy shit," gasped the college freshman, a hint of pain in her voice. "Take it nice and slow," he whispered. "This ain't your ex-boyfriend's dick." Her roommate also began to moan. Sandra heard slurping noises. Lance must have been eating the second babe's pussy while the first one rode his dick.
Sandra's vivid imagination feverishly reconstructed the heated debauchery inside Room #512. Lance probably had opted for the "double cowgirl." He lay down on his back so that one girl could straddle him and mount his power tool. Meanwhile, the other knelt over his mouth so he could perform oral on her. Thus positioned, the girlfriends faced each other so they could make out together.
Their breathing quickened as the trio found their groove. "How is he?" asked one girl. "So deep," the other muttered under her breath. Sandra then heard the smacking of lips. The girls were kissing as they jockeyed his face and dick. Then a rhythmic pounding of flesh on flesh ensued. Sandra imagined his pelvis thrusting upwards at a steady pace, shoving that monster into places no man had gone before.
"Slam it in!" she demanded. "Faster!" Lance automatically doubled his speed. Then trebled it. He drove his massive piston into her body like a runaway locomotive. His lover began to scream at the top of her lungs, shouting profanities that would make a porn starlet blush. And the jezebel didn't let up for a long time. That's when Sandra knew she was coming. No female had to fake an orgasm so passionately.
As soon as girl #1 went silent, girl #2 began to pant. Sandra almost could hear Lance lapping away at her clit. "Oh my God!" cried the female. "What are you doing?" Sandra knew the answer. Lance had such a long tongue that he could jam it up a woman's twat and stroke her G-spot with the tip. A few well-placed flicks had caused Sandra to double over with pleasure.
Meanwhile, girl #1 rejoined the moans as Lance impaled her with his fuck club. The roommates weren't kissing each other anymore. They focused on their own pleasure, courtesy of their lover's lizard tongue and mustang cock. Slowly but surely, their moans and cries grew in volume, the two of them ascending to climax together. The threesome got LOUD. Sandra didn't need to keep her ear pressed to the window to hear their lovemaking sounds.
There was no break in the noise. If one girl went quiet, the other immediately filled the silence with her own screams of passion. However, they soon began to cry out in unison. Lance was pushing both of them over the brink at the same time. The racket seemed to go on forever. His lovers enjoyed one orgasm after another with barely any pauses in between.
Sandra did not delude herself about the selfish nature of Lance's conquest. The meathead probably considered his threesome to be a more impressive accomplishment than splitting the atom. Nonetheless, she could not deny his... artistry. To pleasure two women at the same time like that required more than a big dick. Lance must have been some kind of magician.
Sandra dipped her finger beneath the waistband of her panties. It felt like a waterfall down under. The peeping fox had followed the action so closely that she hadn't gauged her own arousal. Sandra wouldn't lie to herself. She had never been so turned on before.
Lance had desensitized Sandra to online porn. Like many teens, she relied on smutty websites for autoerotic inspiration but the videos began to appear staged and phony. The actresses seemed bored and none of the guys measured up to her crush. The foxy voyeur spent long nights on her laptop, surfing the web in search of a distraction. But when she closed her eyes and stroked her clit, her thoughts always returned to him.
It had been lust at first sight. Sandra remembered the moment she saw him. The straight-A vixen had just returned to school after her suspension. Classes had ended for the day and she had left her AP Calculus textbook in the library. Sandra rounded the corner of the upstairs hallway and stopped dead in her tracks. She recognized the blonde. Sandra thought her name was Carrie. They once sat next to each other in detention.
The stranger looked as tall as a basketball player but built like a brick shithouse. The guy had long, long hair like the front man of a heavy metal band. All of a sudden, he shoved Carrie against the row of lockers that lined the hallway. He pinned her wrists over her head, closed in for a kiss, and ground his crotch against her hips. At first, Sandra thought she had witnessed a sexual assault. His movements seemed aggressive, even violent. Then she heard Carrie's moan of delight. "C'mon," she whispered into his ear. "We can't do this here."
The stranger finally backed off. She only saw the bulge in his jeans for a moment. It looked like one of those rolls of salami at a delicatessen. Sandra hid in a doorway and watched them leave arm in arm. His hand slid down Carrie's back and squeezed her ass affectionately as the couple went home to fuck. That had been a month ago. She began to stake him out a few days later.
Sandra had spied on Lance's hookups to record the sounds and images in her mind. The jezebel recalled the details later when she played with herself in the back of the van. But tonight, the vixen couldn't wait. The lusty spy shoved her hand down the front of her jeans and rubbed her clit, keeping her ear pressed to the window.
Lance delivered a stellar performance in bed. While all the participants obviously contributed to the bacchanal, he seemed to guide the proceeding. The ladykiller gently whispered instructions, coaxed and seduced, maneuvered his lovers around the bed. Magazines and blogs always warned of how awkward group sex could become but Lance made it seem effortless and fun.
And his body just wouldn't quit. Lance's legendary stamina had become common knowledge at Peoria Tech. While most guys clocked out after ten minutes, a date with him meant an hour of foreplay followed by multiple hours of intercourse. No woman could outlast him. The virile playboy proved uniquely qualified for threesomes, cranking out one orgasm after another from the roomies with his virtuoso tongue and stallion-sized cock. The raw-throated blare of shrieks and moans just seemed to go on and on and on...
Sandra would have given anything to be in that room with them, to be fucked to oblivion by Lance. She wanted nothing more than to break through that window, climb on to the crowded mattress, spread her legs, and let that male sex god stud with her.
"Fuck," gasped Sandra. Her exclamation rang out louder than she expected. The noise behind the window quickly died down. Panic seized her.
"Look!" Kate cried out. "What was that?"
Mandy and Lance glanced over at the window. Nothing.
"I swear I saw someone out there!"
"Let me take a look, babe," Lance reassured her. He swiftly got dressed, opened the window, and climbed onto the fire escape. The dorm room was on the fifth floor but only a fool would underestimate Sandra. He careened down the iron stairs two steps at a clip. The white van was parked in the alley.
Lance no sooner hit the ground than the vehicle pulled away with screeching tires. He chased after it like a champion running back. Sandra saw him in the rear view mirror. She stepped on the gas. He shrunk into the distance.
Sandra took a deep breath as she drove off the Bradley University campus. Her heart pounded in her chest like a half-ton jackhammer. She held the steering wheel in a death grip keeping a constant lookout for cops. No lights. No sirens. She had gotten away with it.
A chill ran up her leg, not as much from fear as forbidden excitement. Her van swerved into a vacant lot. She killed the engine and climbed into the back. Sandra pulled out her smartphone. She opened the recording app. The audio file ran 17 minutes. She hit play.
For the first few seconds, the speaker just buzzed with audio hiss and traffic noise. "Get on top of your girlfriend," ordered a male voice. She could hear Lance quite clearly, much better than outside the window. Sex noise ensued. "Oh, my God!" cried the first girl two minutes into the recording. "I'm coming already." After a very noisy climax, the second girl began to moan. "You dig that, babe?" he growled. "You like double doggy?"
Sandra followed their snippets of speech obsessively, clinging to any piece of information that enhanced the fevered images in her head. What did "double doggy" even mean? Sandra needed a moment to figure that crude turn of phrase. "Doggy style" meant the guy positioned himself behind the girl while she bent over. Maybe Lance had lined up both girls on all fours side-by-side on the bed and alternated partners. Sandra had seen that in porn videos before.
But, wait... He first said, "Get on top of your girlfriend." Then, it hit her. Lance had stacked the women on top of one another. Sandra finger-fucked herself as she imagined the lurid tableau, one girl crouching over the other, both asses wiggling in the air, offering twice more pussy than any man deserved. To Sandra, the position seemed slightly degrading. Maybe that's why it turned her on so much.
What kind of a guy demanded "double doggy"? The vulgar phrase didn't even belong to the vocabulary of most people outside of the porn industry. And it slipped off Lance's tongue so casually and confidently. Clearly, he inhabited a rarefied demimonde in which women catered to his most outrageous desires. It did not offend her so much as astound her. Was he really that good in bed that a girl would offer herself to him that way?
"YES!" cried out Sandra. The orgasm slammed through her body like a thunderclap. She squirted all over the bed like a broken water main. The outpouring startled her. It must have been building up for hours. And the lightning strike climax only signaled the start of a very wet and electrifying love storm.
Sandra retrieved her trusty Lex Steele dildo from underneath the passenger seat of the van. She plunged it inside her steaming quinny and imagined the night he finally would take her. She wanted a man. A real one. Sure, she had slept with a few little boys in the past. But Lance would claim hertrue virginity.
With other guys, they always wanted sex more than she did. Sandra played the role of the gatekeeper. She laid out her boundaries very clearly and always remained in control. Only a handful of seniors ever made the cut. She didn't mind their attentions but men left her wanting. Not one of them ever brought Sandra to orgasm. After a date, she usually hooked up with a girl. They were closeted at school but not too hard to find online.
Female encounters could be fun and trippy. They both had they same body parts and knew how to pleasure each other. The scene was more relaxed. Foreplay lasted longer. The playdates felt more caring and gentle. Sure, a woman left Sandra "satisfied." But she wanted a lover that left her breathless.
With both men and women, Sandra always had the power. The slim-and-stacked temptress knew her body to be an object of desire. However, Lance neutralized that advantage. He aroused a raw animalistic sexual craving that she could not shake out of her head. Sandra was not comfortable with this feeling in the slightest. It had made her do crazy things for the past month.
Sandra might have succumbed to him had not it not been for the fear of losing control. By spreading her legs, the only path forward would be complete submission. She would have to surrender her body and soul to the impulsive will of a consummate ladykiller. The thought both frightened and excited her. Once Lance fed the hunger that wracked her loins all her life, lust would bind her to him forever.
Sandra pounded herself with the dildo. The images that raced through her mind were precise and explicit. She thought about his ten-and-a-half-inch cock, imagined how he would fill her aching void with his incredible mass and volume. The organ would bottom out and then stretch her even further, wrenching one shattering climax after another out of her writhing body.
Hours went by. The audio recording looped for the twentieth time as the jezebel lay exhausted and panting on the mattress. Sandra had reached a point where she simply could not go on. After inciting a record number of orgasms in a single session, her pussy had grown raw and tender to the touch. Yet she wanted more.
Sandra always had been a bit of a nympho. She possessed a very high sex drive that needed a lot of attention. But Lance had sent her into an absolute delirium of lust. She went to bed with a tingling in her pussy and woke up with her panties drenched. The insatiable knockout pushed her body to multiple climaxes every night, each of them stronger than anything she experienced before surveilling Lance's exploits.
As she fell asleep, Sandra continued to think about him. Was he still banging those chicks in the dorm? Perhaps, she could go back and stake him out. She wouldn't sneak up the fire escape this time but longed just to be near him... Jesus Christ. Was she out of her mind?
__
"Fuck me! Fuck me! FUCK ME! YES! YESSS! HARDER! Cram it in my twat, you big-dicked stud! MORE! MORE! HARDER! HARDER! FUUUUUCK MEEEE!!!!"
The clock read 4am and Lance was still going strong. He pounded Mandy from behind while she sixty-nined with her roommate. Kate stroked his shaft and balls with her tongue as he thrust in and out of the wet pussy a few inches above her face. The arrangement had required a bit of juggling and balance to align so many body parts together but it had been worth the effort. Besides getting a voyeuristic kick out of their lesbian lickfest, the absurdly hot position enabled Lance to enjoy vaginal and oral stimulation at the same time.
As they continued to make love, Kate's focus shifted to Mandy's throbbing clit. Lance felt her pussy begin to clench his organ in a vibrating squeeze. She moaned loudly. He knew what that meant. Here came orgasm #17...
Tonight had offered another glorious experience to notch in his long, winding belt of conquests. But no matter how long he fucked these chicks, Lance remained unsatisfied. The superstud had torn through almost an entire box of Magnum XL condoms but each climax felt a bit weaker than the last. What was up with that?
"I'M COMING!" cried out Mandy.
Lance might have felt empty inside but the girl beneath him sure didn't. With his big dick filling her up, the virtuoso did not have to try that hard to pleasure a size queen like Mandy. Lance closed his eyes and imagined another girl in her place, a dark, voluptuous goddess, tall and long-legged. He imagined wrapping his hands around her trim waist as her firm, massive jugs heaved with each thrust.
Truth be told, tonight had not been the first time he fantasized about Sandra. His mind had been going on autopilot a lot lately. The only reason she didn't drive him completely crazy was the eavesdropping. She liked to watch. And he likedto be watched.
Over the past few months, Lance had begun to discover his exhibitionist desires. It began when he started participating in bodybuilding competitions. He loved to flaunt his overamped physique on a stage. Even more, the spandex thong revealed his limp but huge anaconda in explicit detail. No one could mention the obscene bulge but the stares from the audience spoke a thousand words. The alpha stud was the envy of every male and the fantasy of every female in that room.
Someone spying upon his lovemaking took that thrill to the next level. The cocksman loved to show off his prowess. He wanted Sandra to know how much pleasure she could experience with him. The exhibitionistic playboy wished his voyeur hadn't been scared off. Sex just wasn't as fun without his secret admirer lurking behind the window.
___
The midday sun streamed through the windshield of the van. At first, Sandra wondered how she ended up sleeping in the storage space. Her parents annoyed the fuck out of her but she did have her own bedroom. Then memories of last night flooded her mind in a wave of different emotions.
Just a few hours ago, Sandra stalked the object of her sexual obsessions. He led her up a fire escape to the fifth floor of a college dormitory where his voyeur listened to an incredibly hot marathon fuck session with her crush and two eager and willing female partners. She had spent over an hour listening to the lusty trio behind a window and then recorded audio of their exploits while finger-banging her pussy.
Sandra felt a bit disturbed by how much the whole experience aroused her, how many times she came while listening to the recording. She had stumbled into a dark, unexplored realm of her sexual psyche and its discovery proved unnerving.
Sandra searched for her T-shirt and jeans on the bed and got dressed. She caught a glance of her disheveled condition in the rearview mirror. The sight made her want to cry. She looked pathetic. It was Lance's fault. He betrayed her. No, they weren't dating, let alone exclusive, yet the two of them grew close over the past month. Then again, maybe her angst was not born of a broken heart so much as sexual frustration. Though Sandra had played hard-to-get a bit more forcefully than most girls, she had been aching for Lance to fuck her.
Not getting the guy made her angry. On the other hand, if she simply gave herself up to Lance, the player could move on to the next girl with no more effort than a swipe of a finger on Tinder. Sandra would have given away her only bargaining chip and gotten nothing in return. That thought made her even angrier.
Then again, why did she care so much about this jerk in the first place? In a few months, she would be on her way to Stanford or somewhere else a million miles away from this Podunk. Perhaps, sex would get him out of her system once and for all. That's all it was. Right?
A metallic knock sounded on the back door to the van.
"Yo, peeping beauty!" yelled a voice.
It was HIM. Sandra felt strangely calm. She slid on her mirrored sunglasses and unlatched the door. Lance leaned against his motorcycle. He wore jeans and a black tank top. It felt warm outside for a November afternoon.
"Sorry for not calling," he told her. "You never gave me your phone number."
"What do you want?" she asked deadpan.
Lance just grinned. He knew exactly what he wanted.
Sandra couldn't restrain a smile either. She had this dude just where she wanted him.
"That's what I thought," Sandra noted coolly and strutted right up to him. Without hesitation, she grabbed his crotch. Her grip wasn't painful but he sensed her strength.
"This is going to be on my terms," she told him. "From now on, I own this thing."
"Think you can handle it?" he challenged.
Sandra didn't answer. The vixen let go and motioned for him to follow her. She opened the back doors to the van. Lance climbed in. Sandra followed and shut the door behind her.
To be continued...