It was an unusually hot day in the forest as Jayden, a beautiful 22-year-old girl with short black hair and a plump figure, strolled through the dense woods. She had always loved exploring nature, but today, the heat seemed to intensify everything. She could feel the sweat gliding down her forehead, and her clothes were sticking to her skin, making her uncomfortable.
As she walked deeper into the woods, Jayden stumbled upon a secluded pond. The water was a vibrant shade of green, covered in thick algae. It looked refreshing, and without a second thought, Jayden began to peel off her clothes. She was alone in the forest and knew this was the perfect opportunity to enjoy a nice cool dip.
Missing the warning sign that was overgrown with foliage, warning of unknown potential dangerous invasive specie of salamander. Jayden sighed after hours of searching, the water was still and surrounded by lush green trees. But what caught her attention the most were the salamander-like creatures scattered along the shoreline. They were small, no more than a couple of inches long, with slender pale bodies, slimy skin and tiny limbs. Jayden couldn't help but be intrigued by them as they slithered their way through the algae-covered rocks. As she approached the water, the creatures seemed to scatter, disappearing into the depths of the pond. Smiling to herself, feeling the warm sun on her skin as she stood naked on the shore.
As she stepped into the water, the coolness washed over her, bringing her a sense of relief. She let out a sigh of contentment and let herself fully submerge into the water. The algae felt slimy against her skin, but it added to the experience, making her feel connected to nature. As Jayden waded through the water, algae clung to her naked body. Her feet sank into the muck as she walked into the deeper water. It sank between her polished toes.
Finally reaching the middle of the pond, the water rested just below her breast, her lower body slick with slime. Jayden letting out a sigh started floating on her back, feeling the warm sun rays on her face and breast. She let herself drift away, leaving all her worries and problems behind. It was just her and the peacefulness of the pond.
Feeling aroused by the sensuality of the moment, Jayden couldn't resist the temptation to indulge in some self-pleasure. She moved her hand down her body, caressing her soft skin as she went. She paused at her breasts, feeling her nipples harden under her touch. The heat was making her body more sensitive than ever, and she relished in the sensations.
As her fingers moved lower over her algae coated body, Jayden felt her body trembling with desire. She closed her eyes and let out a soft moan as her fingers found her clit. Her movements became more urgent, as she traced circles around her clit. She could feel the pleasure building up inside of her. Jayden gently slid her algae covered fingers over her tender slit, teasing herself. As she bit her lip, her fingers moved faster and faster.
Floating upright Jayden sunk to her knees in the muck, the slimy algae now below her chin. Spreading her legs wider, Jayden pushed a finger past her slimy labia. Closing her eyes, she added another finger quickly filling her slit. Her dirty fingers coated her vaginal cavity with slimy green algae. Awhile with her other hand, she squeezed her sensitive breasts, and pinched and rolled her nipples. Inching closer and closer to climax.
But suddenly, she felt a strange sensation against her skin. Opening her eyes, she saw the salamander like creatures swimming around her. Their heads bobbing just above the water, and they were covered in a thick layer of slime. Jayden was both intrigued and slightly disgusted by them. She watched as they came closer and started circling around her body. They had no teeth, only round little mouths, and penis shaped head with no eyes. But their touch felt ticklish against her skin. Jayden couldn't help but giggle at the sensation.
But before she could react, she felt a creature latch it's mouth onto her erect nipple. Looking down, several more were clinging to her boobs, trying to suck on her. Jayden let out still moans as the salamanders sucked on her tits, at first not minding the incredible feeling. Becoming concerned Jayden started brushing the creatures away from her chest.
Unbeknownst to Jayden her passionate masturbation attracted the creatures, the heat and scent of her pussy was a perfect mating location for the salamanders. But the algae coating her walls was what sealed the deal. This invasive species required warm, wet, and small holes to mate.
Letting out a loud gasp, Jayden felt the creatures swimming up between her legs. Using their tiny legs they held onto her inner thighs, Jayden tried to close her legs, but her knees were stuck in the thick mud leaving her legs wide open. Before she could reach them the first salamander latches onto engorged clit, sending a bolt of energy through her body. It sucked and nibbled, Jayden threw her head back and squealed. Disgusted by the feeling of ecstasy the creature was giving her, she desperately grabbed at the creature's body. Their slimy body's slipped through her equally slimy fingers.
One creature probed Jayden's labia with its phallic head, slowly wiggling into her slit. Jayden screaming reached for it, grabbing its slippery tail as it slithered in. She gritted her teeth, as the vile creature wiggled into her pussy, desperately she grabbed its tail to stop it. But to Jayden's horror, the tail slipped from her grasp, as the salamander pulled its whole slimy body into her vaginal cavity. Tears formed in her eyes as she felt the vile creature slithering around in her pussy, it's tiny hands groping and probing.
Several of the salamanders attached to her breast again, nibbling on her hard nipples. Jayden dug her hands into the muck, attempting to free her knees. Before she could, she felt a sharp pain in her gut. The creature discovered her algae covered cervix, the perfect place to breed. Vigorously it pushed its phallic head into the narrow hole, gradually dilating her cervix. Using its paws, it pulled its upper body into her violated womb. Trying to wiggle its lower half in.
Frantically Jayden pushed her fingers in her pussy, desperately reaching for the creature. Only able to touch its tail with her index finger. Jayden grit her teeth as she felt the slimy creature slipped into her womb. She screamed as the phallic creature explored her uterus.
More of the creatures followed suit, swimming up between her slimy thighs. Several salamanders swarmed her vulnerable slit, as Jayden struggled harder and harder to escape the mud. Suddenly Jayden squealed, as her pussy was being double penetrated by the slimy creatures. With a sudden burst of energy, Jayden freed herself from the muck. Standing the salamanders on her breast slid off, while one clung to her tit.
Hastily trudging through the water, Jayden jumped for the safety of the bank. Landing on her chest, arms stuck in the mud. Leaving her bent over the muddy bank. Water above her knees, and her plump ass sticking up and out. Panicking Jayden looked over her shoulder, to her horror the evil monsters were quickly approaching. Attempting to kick her legs at them, she found her feet were stuck. She cried and whimpered, as the creatures reached her. Dozens climbed up her thick algae covered thighs, with complete access to her pussy.
Biting onto a nearby tree root, Jayden screamed as they crowded into her hole. One after another squeezed into her vagina, each secreting slime. Jayden's eye rolled back as her once virgin cervix was gapped. As the creatures entered her womb, they secreted slime from their mouths. With victory, each female creature claimed a spot on her uterine walls to plant eggs, and the males began to fertilize the eggs.
Jayden whimpered and sobbed as she felt the disgusting vile creatures wriggling and slithering around in her womb. Quickly, her womb was filled with slime, salamander cum, and eggs. Causing her belly to slightly bloat with her packed uterus. Jayden was utterly disgusted and ashamed, as her uterus was being used as a breeding ground for these evil creatures.
After several minutes and countless eggs were laid. One by one the creatures slipped through her cervix and slithered from her pussy. Plopping into the green water below. Unfortunately for her as the last creature pops out, she was able to free herself. Standing up, tears streamed down her face, as she rubbed her muddy belly. Feeling the slime and eggs swirling around in her womb. While algae oozed from her violated pussy, Jayden dreaded the thought of the disgusting monsters that would grow in her, and questioning how much time she had till the eggs hatched.
Dragging her feet, she walked around the pond to her gather her things. Pulling her now tight shirt over her bloated belly, Jayden saw the slimy creatures perch on the algae covered rocks. Feeling utterly violated and disgusted, she walked away hanging her head low, as the salamanders looked on in victory.
The End