WARNING: Contains religious themes.
Any religious references made within this story are strictly for plot purposes. They do not state my opinions of faith, or opinions towards existing faiths. They are not to be taken as an actual criticism of any established religion or to be used as a declaration of how any existing religion actively views, or acts upon, any real-world situation.
By reading this piece, you agree that you understand the above and that you will not take offense to the religious themes contained within.
*
The boy's shabby old sandals scuffed with each step. He walked down the alleyway with his mind elsewhere; Christoph was prone to daydreaming. The narrow urban passage separated tall looming houses on either side. The alley was formed by a long series of two-pace steps that descended all the way down to the second, smaller, town plaza. It was lined with doorways and niches; hosting entrances to small apartments and houses; back exits and disposal areas. A strip of bright cerulean summer sky could be seen above, between the small balconies, overhangs and clothes lines. The slurping sound of the final protesting dregs of his Orangina, escaping his straw, snapped the young man from his reverie. He placed the empty glass container into the top of the large shopping bag he wore over his shoulder; the distinctive globe bottle sitting neatly amongst the long bread-sticks and sizeable bunch of grapes. The sudden smashing sound of a terracotta pot hitting the ground grabbed his attention, and he looked to his left to see the source of the disturbance. His grip tightened around the neck of the bottle as he tensed nervously, his gaze now directed to the filthy youth sat atop a large refuse bin besides the now-smashed pottery.
"Salut Christoph!" said the rough-looking young man. His tone was not friendly.
"Phillipe." replied Christoph, with barely hidden scorn. Anxiety flushed through his body as nervous anticipation gripped him; he knew Phillipe was about to start trouble. Phillipe's unkempt walnut-brown hair hung over his piercing unfriendly eyes, before being swept away by a quick habitual flick of the head. The grey colour of his vest top did little to hide the dirt and stains covering it, and his worn and ripped beige trousers were a testament of his ungoverned lifestyle and rough, outside, play. He leapt down with bold ease and landed on the step below. Phillipe was tall for his age and, although stood a step lower, still reached an inch taller than Christoph. Christoph was the opposite of Phillipe in appearance. He wore neat, tight jeans and a black-and-white striped top with the sleeves rolled up. He was a smart looking young man with well combed jet-black hair, good skin and rare bright green eyes. It made him stand out from the other teenagers his age, with their stylish baggy trousers and rebellious fashions. He was far from wealthy, but a very fussy mother ensured her son was well groomed and looked after.
"What have we here, Christoph, been shopping for your birthday?"
"It's just our usual supplies Phillipe, leave me alone." A sound from behind alerted Christoph to the two approaching boys, blocking his retreat. He turned to see Pierre and Alphonse smirking from two steps behind.
"Leave you alone? Oh non-non-non-non-non, not on your eighteenth birthday my friend. Not without giving you your present first." Phillipe always found some vague explanation to warrant beating-up Christoph, though none were ever valid.
"It's disgusting that we've had to tolerate eighteen years of this bastard in our town!" said Alphonse from behind, "Where is your father, Christoph, why does your whore-mother even keep you?" The thin bony frame of Alphonse, matched with his long nose and pale skin, always made him look snide and full of hate. The fact that he was always snide and full of hate also helped convey this impression. Catholicism was the predominant religion of the area and Alphonse's parents were more devout than most. A child born out of wedlock was something to be disgraced and Alphonse, still lacklustre with adherence to holy behavioural teachings, mainly due to an imbalance of youthful testosterone and the 'wrong sorts' of friends, decided that physical violence was the best way to make Christoph aware of his parents' sin.
"Christoph, we don't want bastards like you dirtying our town!" said Pierre, spitting onto the step in front. He was a short, sand-blonde, boy who tagged along with Phillipe and Alphonse like a small yapping dog; only a threat so long as his bigger friends were around to back him up. Alphonse shoved Christoph's shoulder.
"Why don't you leave our town Christoph?" he shoved him again, "go on, leave here," another shove, "no one wants you here, you bastard pig!" Phillipe then shoved him in the back. Christoph turned to face the larger boy.
"You have no friends Christoph, we all hate bastards" said Pierre, now behind him.
"Happy birthday" said Phillipe menacingly, as he swung at Christoph. The fist hit him square in the chest. Christoph grunted with pain from the impact. He began raising his arms to defend from a follow-up strike, when he was suddenly shoved from behind again by Alphonse. Losing his balance, he fell forwards towards Phillipe. Phillipe caught him and pushed him against the wall to his right, adding extra force to make sure the impact was unpleasant. Christoph winced. The three boys then surrounded Christoph: Phillipe to his left; Alphonse to his right and Pierre at the back, yapping insults. Phillipe pulled the bag of shopping off his arm and tossed it to one side, the contents spilling out onto the steps. He then punched Christoph hard in the shoulder, followed alternately by Alphonse on the other shoulder. The two assailed him in turn, counting up from 'one'. Between strikes, Christoph noticed Phillipe was stood on the edge of a step. Taking the opportunity, he lunged forward with both arms out, pushing the other boy backwards. The greater size of the bully would have usually made the effort futile, but his precarious footing caused his balance to fail and he took a slight step back to counter the assault. Landing on nothing, the moment's uncertain stability caused Phillipe to call out in falling panic as he fell backwards. Christoph's lunge was luckily timed with Alphonse's following strike, which missed its target and left him vulnerable. Pumped with adrenaline from the minor victory, Christoph turned, grabbed the taller boy around the waist and threw him towards Pierre. The shock of the fightback left the other two momentarily stunned. Pierre raised his hands defensively against the oncoming figure of Alphonse but the smaller boy toppled under the lanky figure, taking Alphonse with him. All three were temporarily grounded.
Christoph saw the opportunity for escape and, abandoning his spilt bag of shopping, bolted back up the stairs to the central town plaza. Alphonse had quickly recovered and was only a few steps behind as Christoph charged out of the narrow alleyway entrance, almost taking down a passing delivery man. The man's stout figure was the only thing that stopped him and his basket of meat-goods from toppling to the cobbled street below. Christoph wasn't so steady. His rushing impact with the man span him off balance and he was now at the point of no return; his torso too far over his feet. The result was a careening, inevitable, topple forward. Phillipe and Pierre emerged from the alley just as the poor boy fell head-first towards the central stone dais; a decorative platform in the middle of the pedestrianised plaza that hosted a modest statue. Christoph's palms were ripped raw from the impact; he just managed to catch his fall before his face was left to dampen the momentum. As he began lifting himself back up, he looked around to see the laughing mocking faces of shoppers and passers by -- Christoph was known to most locally, whom all knew of his illegitimate birth. Alphonse stood close-by, laughing.
"Hey Christoph, worshipping the statue are you? Praying to be forgiven for being a filthy bastard? The statue won't help you Christoph!" He turned to see his friends arrive. "Look, Phillipe! Our friend tripped himself over for us, what an idiot!"
"Eh Christoph, if you beat yourself up so much there won't be anything left for us to do!" mocked Phillipe. People from all around stopped to watch the commotion. The dais -- surrounded by al-fresco bars, cafés and restaurants -- acted like a stage to the scene, providing a seated audience. The three boys continued to fling insults at Christoph, who remained on the ground embarrassed and bruised. A small crowd had now formed to spectate and they muttered amongst themselves while staring at the boy on the floor. Hatred of illegitimate children, wickedly indoctrinated into them since birth, blinded their compassion towards the outnumbered victim. Christoph rose to his feet and stood; scuffed; battered and bloody; facing his assailants and the surrounding townsfolk.
"Get out of here, bastard! You spread sin to us all!" shouted an aged woman. Staunch in her belief from a lifetime of dedication to a book, she threw a tomato at him in protest of what he was; a thick scowl etched across her heavily wrinkled face. The fruit failed to hit its target, but the act enforced her message. As if taking lead from the hunchbacked old lady, other members of the crowd started to join in.
"Yeah! Get out of our town boy. No one wants you or your filthy mother here!"
"Leave with that whore mother of yours! We don't trust debauched immigrants moving to our town!"
"Listen to them, Christoph, everyone hates you! Leave and stop infecting our town with your bastard curse!" said Pierre. Alphonse and Phillipe just stood and laughed. The crowd thickened. Many didn't share the hate-fuelled sentiment of some of the others, certainly not to the same degree at least, but the town was too close-knit to allow anyone to step out of line without being remembered for it later in church, and therefore possibly ostracised too. It was now a mob. The shared mentality blocked compassion and reason. All around others began laughing, taunting and insulting. Christoph felt helpless.
And then they came. A flung vegetable seemed to ricochet off nothing. The juices dripped down an invisible wall as a feint yellow glow appeared, highlighting its shape. The translucent barrier encircled the dais in a dome, barely visible save for a slight shimmer across its surface. The townsfolk became silent as they looked up, mystified by the odd occurrence. A bright light became visible at its peak, brilliant like the sun, but causing no pain to the eyes of the witnesses. A comforting warmth bathed them all and washed away their hostility. After a few moments it was clear that the light was descending. As it got closer, people could see that the light was formed of five separate lights, all close together. Gasps erupted from all around as the glowing orbs became the forms of five gloriously beautiful women, each one naked, with large white-feathered wings protruding from their back. The five gently landed on the stone floor around Christoph, their backs towards him. Golden halos, floating above their heads, drifted upwards to meet at the dome's top. The crowd stared, awestruck, as the five naked angels stood silently. Only the sounds of people shuffling and whispered prayers interrupted the muted amazement. The five turned simultaneously to face Christoph.
"Christoph, you are the holy son of our Lord and father. Child to a human mother, you have been born as man and nurtured amongst men. Now of mature age, your purpose on this Earth shall be realised. Your words shall guide, your body shall be shared, and your seed shall cleanse. The sin that saturates this world is perpetuated by the worship of false idols. Humans have lost their understanding of the path shown to them by the First. Man now possesses a more judgemental mind; the sheep must be led by a more certain shepherd. Christoph, you will guide man down the path of good. Your seed shall give birth to those that will follow in your duty. Man shall be true to their Lord and father once more. Through us you shall father the first of your five children. These babes shall be your first disciples. Together, they shall save humanity from the path of sin. As has been declared by our Lord and father. We speak in his name." The angels spoke in unison and their words were heard by all.
The five women stepped forward. Christoph was mesmerised by their naked bodies and their prodigious announcement. He was too shocked by it all to really take it in. They stepped forward again, surrounding him closely. A full-circle of perfect dome-like breasts, almost side-by-side, pressed against him. He looked up at the angels' faces. They were like quintuplets; five almost-identical women, with only subtle differences in their features. All five were the most beautiful creatures he had ever seen. Their skin was flawless; taut over alluring faces and fading seamlessly into gorgeous supple pink lips, glistening blue eyes and golden-blonde hair. Christoph ached with desire for the women surrounding him. He felt their hands upon him as they began to unfasten and remove his clothing. Before he knew it, the angels had him fully undressed. They all took a step back simultaneously, as if performing a bizarre medieval dance, and threw his garments clear to one side. The angels gazed upon him. Christoph's penis was firmly erect and as stiff as a soldier stood to attention. He was a virgin -- another teasing point amongst his peers -- and so was awash with self-conscious anxiety about the sex to come. 'Do angels even care how well I perform?' he thought to himself. He could feel the heat from the halos above warming his skin and making it glow in their light. It made his skin appear to radiate energy. A shift in stance of an onlooker stole his attention from the angels. Suddenly he realised how large a crowd had gathered. All were transfixed by the holy event, no matter how lewd it was clearly about to become. Christoph then suddenly remembered he was naked and his cheeks shot red with embarrassment. It was like a dream in which one is suddenly nude, surrounded by friends and family. He quickly covered his manhood with his hands. The entire town was now in audience, stood packed together at the dome's reach. There was no pushing or shoving or vying for best vantage point though, everyone seemed at peace. They had become intoxicated with the pure good that emanated from the golden disks of light overhead and so placed themselves in optimum locations for as many to view the scene as possible.
Christoph suddenly startled in reaction to a soft hand placed upon the crevice of his backside. He turned to look behind him as the first of the angels stepped forward. Her breasts pressed against his naked back and the connection of her flesh on his ran wonderful shivers through his body. Her facial expression hosted a reassuring smile, with the slight hint of 'I'm going to fuck your brains out' laced between the lines of her curved pink lips. He turned his head back round to look at the other angels who all then stepped forward once more. Ten soft palms were placed upon his body, clasping around the shapes of his buttocks, thighs, fingers and cock. He juddered from their touch as his body became awash with uncontrollable sexual excitement. Each angels' right hand started stroking up his body and back down, while their left hands caressed around his crotch and waist. Christoph exhaled with stuttered breaths as their fingernails glided across his skin. The new sensation of being touched by a woman sensually was unlocked within him and it was exquisite. His eyelids were half closed and head lolled back as the angels continued their stimulation. They all then reached their hands up above his head, meeting at the fingertips. Christoph came down from his reverie and looked to see what they were doing. The angels each looked up at their connected hands as an orb of light appeared at the centre. It grew, and after a few seconds, burst, rushing through the bodies of the six with an aura of golden light. The five angels moaned with delight as their nipples became pert and their muscles tensed. Christoph moaned also as his penis seemed to get even harder and his body brimmed with energy. All his injuries from the fracas with the bullies were healed. Then, with a gentle fluid motion, the angels began to bend their knees, and slowly lowered to a crouch, their fingers gliding down his body.
The sex dance, as it seemed to the crowd, left five backsides thrust out towards them. The angels' wings were parted slightly, lying relaxed on the ground to each side of their bodies. The women were hairless between the legs, giving a clear view of their glistening pink mounds. Every man and boy within the audience became filled with sexual lust so intense that their erections felt like burning rockets in their pants, trying ferociously to fire straight into the inviting holes. The dome's unknown force kept them in place and the pacifying aura of the halos prevented them from acting on their arousal. The females of the crowd felt neither anger nor jealousy towards their male partners, clearly aware of their desire for the holey women, but instead became warm in the loins themselves, a growing desire for Christoph.
Christoph gazed around at the villagers while the angels were bowed down, their hands resting upon his feet. He was still rose-cheeked with embarrassment at the centre of the nude show. The crowd's faces were unreadable to him, but he remembered well their scorn of only ten minutes prior. He started to lose some of his vigour as he noticed those familiar to him amongst them. Feelings of hate rolled through his mind. Then he felt the first tongue. Once again he was rock-hard as arousal shot through his cock like a bullet from a gun. At that moment he realised he no longer cared. 'Fuck these people! Fuck their opinions of me!' he thought. He looked down to see five golden heads of wavy blonde hair around his feet. The angels' moist red tongues began licking slowly up his legs, their hands clenched around his ankles for support. The soft wet tips continued up his body, now tracing lines along his thighs from all angles. Judders rampaged through him as the five neared his crotch. Deep moans emanated from within his throat, barely hidden behind exhales of breath, as the angels reached his erogenous zones. One angel took the central lead at the rear, while two moved to the front and two to his sides. In unison, they all began to stimulate his sexual organs. The two angels at either side softly pulled apart his cheeks while licking at the crevices formed by his tensed buttocks. The angel at the rear began to circle his exposed anus with her tongue, occasionally teasing the hole with a flick across the middle. At the front, on either side, a tongue lapped at each testicle with long slow strokes, snaking around the oval shapes and pulling them into their mouths. Hands stroked softly with the tips of their fingernails up the insides of his legs, playing with his perineum; the sensitive skin between his balls and ass. The angels at his sides took his fingers into their mouths one-by-one, sucking and licking them like cocks. Their faces were filled with sexual deviance and Christoph wondered if perhaps their halos were temporarily abandoned, rather than simply to support the dome. He didn't care. Seeing their full wet lips encircled around his fingers, sucking with only his pleasure in mind, stopped him from caring if they were holy messengers or demonic succubi.
Christoph's cock throbbed with excitement. Rhythmic pulses ran through it, making it bounce comically. The two angels at his front smiled up at him and placed a hand each around his shaft to restrain it. They then looked down at the large rod of flesh before them and began licking. The flat of their tongues enveloped his length on either side as they moved up it slowly, their heads tilted sideways. As they reached the tip; a glistening bead of pre-cum shining at the centre; the two angels' mouths met. They kissed each other passionately; their lips still sandwiched around the head of his penis. The two women's tongues played with the large end of his extremity, circling around the sensitive edge. Christoph gripped the hair of the two angels at his flanks, their tongues now stroking his hips and buttocks once more. They giggled, knowing he was well-stimulated to require handles, and then continued their work. Suddenly Christoph gasped as he was pierced from behind by the fifth's tongue, the warm oral muscle entering his ass-hole. She twisted and turned her head, allowing her tongue to stroke all angles of his entry. The initial sense of repulsion with which Christoph regarded the act was quickly quenched by how absolutely amazing it felt. The two angels servicing his front then separated; one lowering to return to solo-duty on his balls, the other wrapping her lips fully around the head of his cock. He moaned with pleasure as the latter then lowered herself down on him, taking his entire length into her throat, and the former taking an entire testicle in her mouth and sucking it within.
The crowd watched on with lust coursing through every essence of their being. Jealousy was still kept well at bay but a desire to be in Christoph's position was assailing their minds. Christoph moaned loudly as the angel sucking his cock lifted, before lowering again to take him all the way back inside her throat. Her tempo started to increase and the other four echoed the rhythm; their intrinsic connection instructing them. Then they all started to stroke at his torso, their fingers gliding over his skin as they continued to pleasure him with their tongues. The blowjob dictated the speed and as her perfect mouth performed on him perfectly, he began to feel the deep sensation of his testicles' load preparing for departure. Now moaning without reservations, he gripped tightly once more upon the heads of the flanking angels and let himself give in to any efforts to hold back. Faster and faster his cock was licked and sucked; the lewd noises of her lips, lubricated in saliva, echoing around the scene. His body exploded with orgasm as a rush of sperm shot through his cock and into the mouth of the angel. His dick throbbed with wave after wave of semen as he continued to release his load down her throat. His eyes were tightly shut and body tensed as he grabbed the head of the sucking angel and pulled her down further. He moaned ecstatically as he ejaculated the last of his sperm into her mouth, her cheeks full with cum. As he pulled out of the angel's mouth she looked straight up at him and gulped down his juice, finishing with a smile and then licking her lips to clear any excess.
Christoph withered. He breathed heavily as he relaxed his body, coming down from the climax his angels had brought him to. As his blood took a moment's respite from sustaining his engorged manhood, all but the central angel stood up and took a step back. The one knelt by his cock continued to suck and lick at his withering cock, swallowing every last drop of his cum as it dripped out.
"Lailah!" chided Elemiah, the angel stood to the slurping angel's left. Lailah withdrew from the now flaccid penis, a guilty smirk on her face as she stood up giggling, sliding a dribble of excess cum into her mouth with a finger, then sucking the tip clean. It was the first sign of any individuality shown by any of the angels and it bewildered Christoph slightly -- he had assumed they were somehow of one conscious. The offending angel took a step back, joining the circle of perfect women once more. They linked hands and suddenly tensed their whole bodies. They rose to tip-toes; chests thrust forward and wings flung back, fully outstretched. A flurry of feathers seemed to explode from the sudden flex, gliding slowly to the ground in a meandering descent. The onlookers were presented with an array of perfect, pert, bums, sensuous shoulder blades defined under gold-tinted skin, beautifully curved backs and tight leg muscles showing-off their form. The heaven-sent messengers were a sight to behold. From the halos above a golden light beamed down onto Christoph, fully enveloping him in its beam. A moment later the light dissipated and Christoph's skin was left a shining gold hue. His tone slowly faded back to normal, leaving him with a reinvigorated throbbing erection and feeling full of energy once more. No-one noticed Lailah's slight squeeze of Elemiah's hand as she whispered: "your go."
The five unlinked hands and stepped around the circumference of the circle so that Elemiah now stood directly in front of him; Lailah to her right.
"I am Elemiah" she said, introducing herself with a smile. Anti-clockwise they continued their introductions.
"I am Lailah" said Lailah with a naughty smile, biting her lip.
"I am Nemaimah."
"I am Uriel."
"I am Sariel." Christoph felt a moment's awkwardness, not knowing what to do next.
"I... I am Christoph" he said, nervous now that he was meeting actual girls with personalities.
"We know who you are" said Elemiah with a giggle. She stepped forward, placing her hands on Christoph's shoulders, and pushed him back gently. The two angels behind him, Nemaimah and Uriel, supported his back, preventing him from falling as they lay him down into their laps. Elemiah now stood directly over Christoph and his firm penis. Lowering herself until she was crouched just above it, she reached down to grasp his length in her hand. Before him, about to take him inside her, Christoph gazed upon the most perfect female his mind could fathom. Each and every curve, contour, line and shape of each of her features was perfectly formed and beautiful beyond comparison. Christoph felt a yearning and deep desire to simply look upon these women for the rest of his life; 'it would not be a wasted life', he thought. As though reading his admiration, Elemiah smiled back at him. It was a gorgeous and warming smile. "Impregnate me" she whispered, and lowered herself onto him.
An intense warmth, like basking in a midday summer's sun, surrounded Christoph's manhood with its tight moist grip. As his length slid further into Elemiah's orifice he moaned in chorus with the mounting angel. Slowly continuing down, he could see that she was as pleasured by the experience as he was. Her head was tilted back, mouth slightly ajar, eyelids semi-closed, and wings stretched out behind her like spread toes. As she reached the base of his cock; all seven inches fully inside her; she slowly opened her eyes to look at the man she was atop, a pleased smile on her face. Christoph's expression was a reflection of her own. Placing her palms upon his pectoral muscles for support, she adjusted her position so that she was knelt with knees on either side of him. Now in a comfortable position to fuck his brains out, Elemiah began to slowly lift and lower her body, allowing his hot engorged penis to stroke her sexual tunnel. He moaned with her movement and she grinned, pleased to be satisfying him and pleased to be satisfied.
Then the other angels joined in. Lailah took the lead. She crouched besides Christoph picking up his hand and cupping her right breast with it. Christoph looked at her with an affectionate smile, then began to play with her nipple, twisting it between his thumb and forefinger. It quickly became erect. She lifted his hand to her mouth, kissed his fingers, then lowered them to her crotch. Christoph understood her direction and began stroking her soft pussy. She moaned like a cat with his touch and squeezed his wrist tightly as his fingers penetrated her. She had become so turned-on from sucking him off before, that his digits slid into her with ease, her natural lubricant flowing out around his fingers and hand as he stirred up her insides. The crowd watching from behind looked on wantingly, her spread legs giving clear sight of her bright pink labia and the juice it excreted for him. Christoph's right hand was quickly picked up by Sariel, the angle to Elemiah's left, and she began to pleasure herself with it. She was less inclined to leave Christoph to his own devices and instead started rocking her crotch in wave-like motions across his bunched fingers, stroking her clitoris and pussy against them. She was clearly enjoying it. Nemaimah and Uriel, the two sharing a knee each to support Christoph's head and upper back, stroked lovingly along his cheeks and hair line. Their breasts overlapped the peak of his vision as he rolled his head back to look up at them. The two smiled at him. Nemaimah, sat closest to Lailah, then leant forward and kissed him.
Her lips were supple and wonderful, and carried a surprising warmth. His mouth tingled with the touch. The connection stimulated his entire body with a sensation similar to intercourse and he was flushed with incredible excitement at both ends. As Nemaimah slid her tongue into Christoph's mouth, the sensation tripled. Her oral muscle circled his, licking him enthusiastically. His eyes closed to enjoy the feelings throughout. Then he was set upon by the remaining angels. Uriel leant forward, licking his chest and nipples, her breasts squishing against his face and right shoulder. Lailah leant forward also and started licking Christoph's neck and ear, following the erogenous lines. Sariel, still gripping Christoph's hand against her crotch, looked awash with intense pleasure as she continued to fuck herself with his hand. With her eyes tightly closed, and clearly in her own world, she moaned ecstatically as she dripped profusely onto the stone surface below. She bent forwards, unable to contain the sensations rocking through her, and let Christoph's wrist take over the motions as his fingers pushed rapidly in and out of her. She could barely contain herself and Christoph felt the moment she came, her hot juices flushing over his palm. She squeezed his wrist so tightly as she orgasmed that he felt like she might break it. The irony of her moaning "Oh God!" was lost as the angel leaked. The crowd was entranced by the whole scene.
Sariel's joy dissipated as she sat back up -- not removing Christoph's hand from inside. Opening her eyes, she looked around, slightly embarrassed by her selfish stimulation. The immersed face of Elemiah met her as she continued to fuck the man below. Sariel now wanted to share. She leant forward and kissed Elemiah lustfully, their tongues joining as their lips parted. Elemiah didn't stop her rocking motions atop Christoph during the kiss, his dick rock-hard as it passed in and out of her soaked pussy. Sariel leant back with a naughty grin, then lapped at Elemiah's cheek teasingly. She followed the stroke down with one continuous motion to her pert nipples. Taking the erect pink flesh in her mouth, she sucked, licked, stroked and nipped at them. Elemiah moaned even louder with the joint stimulation. Together, they threatened to break her resistance. Elemiah's moans increased.
The sun glistened off Christoph's body as his skin became laced in perspiration and angel saliva; as well as their other fluids. His deep moans echoed those of Elemiah, who was now so close to climax that she could barely move of her own accord. Sariel's tongue still licked joyously at her nipples, while her left hand played with her clit. The dual attack was too much for Elemiah. Her entire body tensed as she reached climax, tightening around Christoph's shaft. Christoph could no longer hold back either. As Elemiah's barriers were breached, she flushed and then cried out with orgasm. Christoph erupted, pumping his cum inside her as she gushed with her own fluids. Sariel grinned at her handiwork. Elemiah's last motions were unnecessary as the remainder of Christoph's sperm exited from his rod inside her. He became flaccid. She stood up slowly with a supporting hand from Sariel; her legs and body shaking from the exertion. The expression of drug-like high on her face showed that she had been utterly satisfied by the young man. As Christoph started to sit up he felt a hand on his right shoulder, pulling him around. He turned to see Nemaimah leaning back on the stone floor, wings splayed, one arm down for support, the other at her crotch, fingers parting the sides of her pussy. She grinned at him; "me next".
Christoph smiled with a slight nod. He turned onto his hands and knees and crawled forward. His spent cock quickly re-hardened as he looked at the spread-eagled woman awaiting his insertion. There was no need for foreplay. Nemaimah glistened with moisture as she stroked her clit, still holding her labia apart for him. As Christoph crawled above her, she wasted no time in grabbing his manhood and directing the tip straight to her opening. Christoph held himself back for a moment, teasing the keen angel; she mewed with antagonised desire. He smirked at her moment's surprise and then broke it with a sudden quick thrust, penetrating all the way inside her with his full length. She almost screamed at the sudden filling of her vagina as the long hard cock flushed her body with a thrilling sexual sensation that almost brought her straight to orgasm. Christoph felt full of energy anew as his body briefly glowed golden once more. He could think of no reason not to continue pummelling the angel silly. He pulled out with the near-entirety of his length and then pushed back in quickly. Her entire body juddered with the motion and her facial expression became a confused happy mess. He left no delay between thrusts as he started to fuck the angel hard and fast. She moaned excessively.
Lailah smiled as she looked down at the two enwrapped in the missionary position. She lay on the ground perpendicular to them, in front of Christoph, so he could gaze upon her naked body while he mastered Nemaimah. As he stared at the nude display before him, Uriel walked over and sat straight down on Lailah's face. She leant forward and began sucking the lying angel's pussy with cat-like joy. Lailah moaned hard before starting to lick at Uriel too. The sight sent a pulse of arousal through Christoph, which seemed to engorge his penis beyond its already-massive size. Nemaimah felt the surge and clenched her inner muscles tightly around his increased length, wrapping her legs around Christoph's waist and gripping his back with her hands. Elemiah lay on the floor to Christoph's left, still recovering from the high of her insemination. Sariel was hungry for more and walked over. Bowing right down, she leaned forward to lick at Elemiah's crotch, lapping up excess cock milk. Sounds of sex echoed around the town centre as the orgy continued. The townspeople were almost entirely forgotten. The angels didn't care and Christoph was too engrossed in his winged partners to spare their presence any more thought or concern.
Nemaimah's angelic pussy caressed Christoph with its god-like pleasure-giving walls. He could feel his balls tightening and knew he'd soon be filling another one of the angels with his sperm. Lowering himself down so that her nipples brushed against his chest, he licked her ear and whispered "here it comes". She turned and kissed him passionately. The kiss, like the last, made his cock swell further. He smiled and began to thrust as hard and as deep as he physically could. Feeling himself reaching his peak, he started moaning with deep throaty moans. The two forgot themselves as she received him with pure love and wanting. Elemiah, still being licked by Sariel, turned to watch her fellow-angel receiving the sex of her life. She gripped Sariel's head and pulled her face tight into her spread opening, demanding deeper penetration. Sariel complied and soon Elemiah's pleasure was mounting to climax too. Lailah and Uriel's sixty-nine had similar effects on the two of them as their juices were smeared by writhing crotches all over each other's faces. Nemaimah, like a domino-effect, came loudly before Elemiah, then Lailah, then Uriel and then Christoph all following suit. A mass of cum and pussy juices exchanged bodies simultaneously through stimulated orifices.
Nemaimah tugged tightly on Christoph's waist as he came, ensuring every last drop of his sperm entered her womb. He finally finished and pulled out, sitting back down on the stone surface to catch his breath. Nemaimah lay flat on the floor; wings and legs apart; head lolled to one side with a pleased look on her face. Her large breasts rose and fell with her heavy breaths. Christoph sat watching, enjoying the sight of their rhythmic motion. Excess cum dribbled down from her orifice as Christoph's load proved to be more than required to fill her uterus. He looked around to see how the other angels were doing. Elemiah was still writhing under Sariel's tongue, biting her finger to restrain her tones of pleasure. Lailah continued the occasional probe with her tongue at Uriel's soft wet opening, arms hooked around her thighs. Uriel, herself, was looking straight over at Christoph with an inviting smile, wiggling her ass at him. She nodded towards her rear, indicating his next target. Once again he was filled with an invigorating warmth as his entire body glowed golden; the angels seemed to have the power to fully arouse him at will. Like a deluge rushing down a tight channel, Christoph felt his testes rapidly producing more of his seed. His cock shot erect with a quick hot burst of blood and energy filled him. He was soon standing up, keen for more angel action. He walked over behind Uriel and knelt with knees either side of Lailah's head, stroking Uriel's waist and ass cheeks. Sariel left Elemiah and walked over to Nemaimah, who was still dripping and panting. She lowered herself to the floor and slid her left leg under Nemaimah's right. Sliding forward, using her wings to help push, Sariel moved her crotch to press against the other angel's. Nemaimah, understanding Sariel's intent, lifted her body and pushed towards her also. The two angels locked pussies and quickly began gyrating against each other. Their sensitive pink flesh stroked each other's and as their clits rubbed together, they both called out with joy. Christoph's excess cum smeared between them and lubricated their bodies as they crotch-fucked. Elemiah sat up. Pleased to be carrying Christoph's seed and sexually satisfied by Sariel, she was content to simply watch the others play with one-another. She sat there slowly fingering herself.
Uriel thrust her ass back and upwards towards Christoph's crotch, his shaft catching within her cheeks. She wiggled her bum, playing with his dick between her buttocks. Christoph pumped his pelvis a few times to allow his cock to be stroked between them. He pulled away and then cupped her pussy with his hand, stroking back and up to coat her anus with leaked vaginal fluids. Uriel gasped, knowing what Christoph had in mind. Before she could object -- or request -- the warm engorged head of Christoph's cock began parting the tight hole of her ass. Uriel squealed as the thick-girthed flesh rod was forced inside. Her tight muscles clenched firmly around his manhood as he grunted, pushing his shaft ever-deeper into the angel's ass. He gripped her waist as he pulled himself in and found the curves of her egg-timer figure a wonderful handle. Uriel let out one long continuous moan as her ass was penetrated for the first time in her life. Her body wasn't sure if she was being painfully violated or thoroughly stimulated. Her body was tense with nervous reaction to the new experience, which caused her wings to stretch outwards to her sides. Once all the way in, he started slowly pulling back again. Her anal wall tightened even more with confused resistance; her body felt unnatural letting a large solid object leave her rectum with such ease. She tried to relax to allow herself to succumb to his anal sex. Her muscles loosened slightly allowing Christoph easier passage. Taking advantage, he thrust back into her quickly. Uriel screamed as Christoph then pulled out again and pushed back in, and out, and in, over and over. The slapping sounds of his balls and thighs against her tight round ass echoed all around the town plaza. The town had been silent the entire time as they watched the boy and angels together. All eyes were now on the two. Their sexual position allowed a clear view of cock entering hole. The male townsfolk were almost salivating as they watched. Christoph's face reflected his pleasure and they could easily hear Uriel's loud shouts of joy. As her body allowed him inside this new region, she lowered her torso for support, breasts squishing against Lailah's perfectly toned abdomen. The other angel had just been watching up until this point, enjoying the close-up view while laying beneath her. Feeling Lailah's warmth emanate from her steaming pussy, Uriel began to lick the wet labia and clitoris in front of her. Lailah returned the favour. Her tongue circled Uriel's clit and randomly probed the insides of her vagina, keeping her off-guard as she stimulated her pussy. The combined assault of Christoph's cock in her ass and Lailah's cunnilingus was too much to bare. The waves of ecstasy each thrust and lick gave made her mindless, forgetting to service the woman below. Lailah understood. Uriel's hands slid down Lailah's legs, gripping them for support. She pushed back into the young man's thrusts, wanting him deeper inside. Christoph increased his tempo and the angel now moaned with each forward motion. Faster and faster he fucked her as Lailah's lapping tongue simultaneously assailed her clit. The two-pronged attack was too much. Uriel screamed with delight as she released a hot wave of fluid onto Lailah's face. Christoph was unceasing. As Uriel continued to cum, her anal passage tightened, gripping hard the cock within. Christoph grunted loudly.
"Cum in my pussy!" shouted Uriel. "I need your semen inside my womb!" Christoph obliged, quickly pulling his penis from her ass and thrusting it straight into her well-licked hole. Uriel almost fainted as she received multiple orgasms from the sudden new sensation. Lailah smiled with amusement at Uriel's intense pleasure. She lifted her head, tilting it back, and began to suck on Christoph's balls while he fucked the angel above. Lailah's tongue added a new dimension to his stimulus and the sounds he made proved it. He moved faster and faster as he cried out with unbearable delight, sperm racing towards his cock's tip. Finally he thrust into her as deep as he could go and remained, spurting the entirety of his thick cumload inside. Lailah's tongue rolled all around the emptying balls as Christoph collapsed forward onto Uriel's backside. Her orgasms continued, so intense as to rob her of voice. The three eventually ceased and flopped down on top of each other, panting. Christoph's penis fell out of Uriel's hole as he became slightly flaccid. His excess sperm dribbled onto Lailah's mouth and face and she lapped it up, swallowing.
As much as Sariel loved Nemaimah's pussy, she craved cock even more. Noticing Christoph's climax, she parted from the other angel and moved to the centre of the group, facing him. Lying down with one leg raised, she spread open her folds and said "my turn." Pulling his cock away from Lailah's mouth, which had been playing with it enthusiastically, he walked over to the begging angel. He looked down at her with a smile and then thrust two fingers straight into her gaping cunt. She moaned loudly with an open-mouthed grin, lifting her crotch up towards him. Christoph was suddenly bathed in light, stemming from his penetrating hand. To those watching, it appeared as though holy light had poured out from Sariel's pussy. Moments later Christoph was rock hard and ready for sex. He wasted no time. Grabbing Sariel's raised leg, he lifted it onto his shoulder and slid his stiff erect penis straight into her. Sariel voiced her pleasure loudly as she was given what her body had craved since the angels' descent. Christoph, on his knees, with cock buried deep, began to roll his hips back and forth at good pace. With Sariel's leg hoisted up onto his shoulder, he could clearly see his manhood disappearing into her wet gap. He looked up. Staring right at him from the gathered witnesses was Alphonse. A pathetic desperate look of sheer wanting was written on his face. Christoph grinned at him and then started to pump the angel faster. While continuing to move in and out of the glorious woman, he caressed her leg with his hands. Looking straight at Alphonse, he licked slowly up Sariel's lower-leg, continuing up the side of her foot and sealing his lips around her toe with a kiss. His stare read: 'look what this bastard has now!' and the pacified bully could read it. Sariel lay happily receiving him.
Uriel had revived and was now sat up besides Lailah, watching the two fornicate. They kissed and slid a hand down each other's stomachs, over their pristine navels, and down into their delicate entries. The two masturbated each other as they turned to watch their fellow angel enjoying herself. Sariel lay down flat as she continued to receive Christoph. Elemiah was only a foot away from Sariel's head, so shifted forward to present her soft pink flesh. She smiled as Elemiah pushed her crotch besides Sariel's awaiting lips. Elemiah sighed with joy as the hot oral muscle entered her hole. Nemaimah came over to join in and quickly started licking Elemiah's breasts. The two kissed then took it in turns to caress and suck each other's nipples and breasts. Christoph was extremely turned on by the sight of these three stunning women pleasuring each other. The perfectly toned shapes of their limbs, large breasts, and sun-blonde hair all tugged at his inner-most desires. The constant moist warmth of Sariel's tunnel squeezing his shaft and watching the sexy act in front of him soon had his balls stirring once more. Sariel was soaking wet and he was sliding into her with ease. Wanting to see the angel react to a fast pounding, he gripped her raised leg with one hand, waist with the other, and began to move his body as fast as he could. She moaned with joy as her body shook with his movements. Her shapely breasts bounced back and forth as he penetrated her at speed. He found himself even more turned on by the sight. She looked up at him as he exhaled deeply, moans lacing his breaths; she knew he was near. He pounded as fast as he was physically capable and Sariel's moans matched his pace, sounding like a running engine. He shouted out as he gripped tightly around her ankle and came like a jet. His seed sprayed from his dick as he filled her womb. Sariel hit her limit as the hot sperm flooded her insides. She gripped Elemiah's legs tightly as Christoph tried desperately to sustain his thrusts. She orgasmed.
Christoph pulled out and stood, trying to catch his breath. He took a step back and then had to sit down again, panting from the exertion. He had not done as much aerobic exercise as this in years; the angels' light only revived him to his natural fitness, not beyond. His flaccid penis rested on the sun-warmed stone floor. Sariel smiled at him and he smiled back, running a hand through sweat-moistened hair. Lailah stood and walked over. He looked up at her.
"Last, but absolutely not least" she said, placing her foot on top of his flaccid penis. The tingling shot through him again and he became quickly erect. The perfectly curved sole of her foot pushed down on his member as she rolled it back and forth between her and the floor. She turned her ankle back straight and pinched his shaft between her large and index toe. Pulling back and forth with her leg, her clenched toes rubbed up and down his cock. Uriel got up and went over to join the others, who sat watching Lailah's work together. Christoph started to stroke Lailah's leg as she caressed his dick more with her foot. She rolled the top of it under his penis and spread her toes, hooking his shaft between her big and index toes again. She pumped his cock with her foot, his sensitive head rolling around the dorsal curve at the top. She released his shaft and began to roll the arch of her foot around the moist head of his penis, letting his stiffness act as an opposing force. His pre-cum coated her sole, lubricating it. She then sat down. Using both feet, she began to roll her heels around his balls, clenching his exposed head with her toes. Christoph let out sounds of deep enjoyment. She wrapped both soles of her feet around his length and pumped back and forth quickly. Several minutes of the foot massage and Christoph couldn't contain himself any more. He moaned quickly before semen spurted from his tip into the air. It arched and fell downwards, landing all over the tops of Lailah's feet. She giggled.
Lailah pulled her feet back towards her and wiped the cum off with her hand. She looked straight at him as she turned her head to one side and licked it off her palm like a cat. Christoph sat crossed-legged as he watched the angel enjoying his sperm. She finished consuming the milky substance and rolled onto her feet to stand. Leaning forwards, she rested her hands on his shoulders and looked down at him. Her large wings were at their relaxed position, close to her back, and casting a shadow over him. He gazed up at her perfect form and glowed, immediately hard and throbbing for her. She looked at his cock and grinned. His gaze followed her, totally under her lead. She lowered herself down and rested the tip of his penis onto her entry, labia enveloping the reddened head. "Make love to me Christoph" she said as she locked mouths with him and lowered. His long manhood penetrated her body as she slowly sunk down on him. His hands cupped her breasts and massaged them gently. She reached the bottom; seven full inches of cock buried inside her. Their mouths separated as she wrapped her legs around his waist and arms around his neck. "Make love to me" she said again and they kissed. Christoph's body was astir with sexual desire and lust, flooding with sensations he could barely contain. Her moist warmth caressed his penis and was a delight to his senses. Her soft lips were supple cushions against his and her tongue was delicious and warm and lovely. Her insides flowed with desire as tight beckoning muscles held him in her pleasuring grip. He stroked her body and thought he could hold no lovelier thing. He pulled her close as they embraced and felt her full rounded breasts press against his chest, nipple-to-nipple. She sighed through their kiss and he echoed with similar sounds. On top him, Lailah began to rock her hips back and forth, causing his cock to move inside her body. She sighed deeply again with the new sensation, their mouths still joined in their kiss. Christoph started to rock back and forth too, his backside cushioning the motion on the stone below. Their rhythms, pulling simultaneously away and pushing simultaneously together, allowed his cock to move a greater distance within her. She squeezed him tighter to reflect her pleasure.
The other angels, watching from close by, and the townsfolk, watching from a distance, gazed upon the two like romantic lovers being indecent in a park. Signs of their lust dripped from the audience's sexual orifices as they longed to be part of the scene. The four remaining angels began to react to their own arousal. Uriel had been stroking Elemiah's legs the whole time and her hand now reached the soaked and well-used opening between. Cupping her fingers, she slid all four into the widened hole. Elemiah squirmed with delight, squeezing Uriel's hand between her legs. The other angel's giggled. Sariel knelt in front of Elemiah and began sliding her tongue up her thigh as she used her spare hand to stroke Uriel's inner leg, reaching her pussy and sinking inside. Nemaimah sat behind Elemiah, reaching around to massage her breasts and lick her neck. Elemiah then reached a hand back and stuck it inside Nemaimah in return. Soon, all four angels were tongues and hands and tits and pussies all over each other in a mass of legs wrapped around legs, arms around arms, mouths-to-mouths and tongues-to-pussies. The orgy was a confused mess of wings and sun-blonde hair as the four naughty angels caressed and fucked each other.
Lailah and Christoph's pace was much slower, emotionally closer and much more intense. Their bodies still rocked in opposing directions; a perfect rolling rhythm. Their lips had parted once more and now Lailah lead with her tongue, licking a slow soft line around his neck and ear, adding the odd teasing nip at his lobe. Her wings flapped in very slow oscillations showing her deep pleasure. Christoph's eyes were closed as she licked him, his mouth agape reciting subtle moans with stuttered exhalations of breath. The angel seemed to know his body perfectly and used that knowledge well. Her fingernails traced gentle lines up and down his back as her tongue continued its master-work. Christoph held gently to her waist, not knowing what to do with himself. He was far too overwhelmed by her caress and stimulation to consciously return the favour of caressing her in return. She didn't need it though, she was there for him.
The writhing four started to warm towards critical mass and soon their moaning was indecently loud. Fingers rapidly penetrated pussies like pistons, tongues lapped at other tongues and crotches rubbed against crotches. Soon, one after the other, Elemiah then Sariel, Nemaimah then Uriel, all shrieked with sexual release as they came together in a moment's heavenly joy. The sound almost broke Lailah and Christoph from their shared reverie. Pulling back her head, Lailah looked deeply into Christoph's loving eyes. He looked into her stunning blues and smiled. She smiled back at him with genuine affection, leant forward, kissed him, then leant back again and shoved his shoulders, pushing him backwards and rolling forwards with his body in one continuous motion. He fell onto the stone floor with a gentle slap, stunned by her sudden action. She was now sat on top of him, the transition keeping their physical bond intact. She looked down and grinned with intent; a naughty smile. She leant forwards, right down, breasts pressed against his chest. She nipped the skin between his neck and shoulders and whispered "you're mine!" She sat back up and bit her lip with a smile. Then she began to roll her pelvis rapidly atop him. With her palms on his pectorals for support, Lailah began to rock her body forwards and back, faster and faster. Christoph grabbed her waist and pulled her into his penis. Lailah's tongue licked her lips erotically with approval as she continued to stare into his eyes, fucking him. Christoph was as rock hard as he'd been the whole afternoon, but now his manhood throbbed with such intense vigour that it was as though his entire bloodstream was forcing its way into a single point. His balls ached wonderfully with the massive stores of semen waiting to gush into the mounting angel and he knew this final orgasm would be incredible.
Lailah began to succumb to her own actions, and soon Christoph's wonderful cock was causing all manner of intense and glorious sensations to rush through every part of her body. Her wings were spread-eagled with feathers splayed. Fingernails dug into her man's skin as she gripped him, and her knees pulled in tightly around his waist. She moaned loudly as she called out Christoph's name. All watched the two once more as the final angel sat upon the holy cock and rode it with all her might. Every member of the audience's mouths were open in awe at the sight of the perfect sex. Christoph was focused on his mate, seeing only Lailah, and she only he. Their moans were both rapid and deep and harbingers of orgasm. Christoph pumped his hips with speed knowing of their oncoming climax. Lailah let her inner muscles tense around him in reply. Then Christoph felt his testicles burst, forcing his cum quickly towards the tip of his penis. Simultaneously, Lailah felt her entire body flood with the release of her orgasm. She grabbed Christoph's shoulders as he pulled himself up to her and they kissed deeply as his semen gushed into her womb. Their bodies moved together as they reached ecstasy in unison.
Christoph's balls ran dry. The two bodies slowed and stilled, leaving the two in a tight embrace, tongues stroking. Their mouths came apart and they smiled warmly, eyelids closed and foreheads touching. They were awash with indescribable bliss. Lailah tucked her head into Christoph's left shoulder and turned to face her companions. They all looked at her with knowing smiles and the five knew they had achieved what they had come for. Christoph gazed skyward with an open-mouthed smile and thanked his father. His arms were wrapped around his angel. The four stood up and encircled Christoph again. He and Lailah slowly parted and she stood to join the others around him. Christoph rose and stood, turning around on the spot to look at all of their faces with a satisfied smile.
"Christoph," said Uriel, "your seed now flows within each of us."
"With a child soon to begin growing in our wombs, we must return to the heavens to nurture them" said Elemiah.
"These children shall form the start of humanity's salvation. They shall be the beginning of the purification of your species" said Sariel.
"We shall leave you here to continue the work we have started" said Nemaimah.
"We're sure you'll enjoy it!" added Lailah.
"Lailah!" Elemiah chided with a smile, and little sincerity. Lailah smiled with a musical giggle.
"Although none of them will ever equal our time together, eh Christoph?" Lailah added with a sexy wink.
"Call us by name if ever you need us. Your father will call you in his own time" said Nemaimah. Each angel then took turns to kiss Christoph. With that, the five took several paces back. Their wings unfurled as their halos returned to their place above their heads. The angels then flapped their wings. A strong gust blew all around as the five jumped into the air and took off, flying in an upwards spiral into the sky until no longer visible. The dome dissolved.
Everything went still and quiet; no one spoke; moved or made a sound. A stray white feather, floating down in the angels' wake, landed on the stone floor in front of Christoph's feet. A moment later, an aged woman in the audience dove to her knees and shouted "Messiah!", her hands wrapped in worship. As if the woman's act was instruction to all, the entire circle of surrounding townspeople burst into cheers of worship and declarations of Christoph's holiness. Calls of "holy child", "brother of Jesus", "son of God" and "saviour of us all" echoed around the mass. Christoph looked around at all the people praying towards him and staring in anticipation, as if awaiting a holy sign or speech. Many simply looked shocked and confused. Amongst the assembled were his teachers and classmates, familiar shopkeepers and peers. Still naked and moist with sweat, he brushed a hand through his dishevelled hair, smiling to himself. He was still warm with sexual satisfaction and the gravity of the angels' revelation left him in an odd state of mixed disbelief and certain understanding. His attention was suddenly grabbed as a figure breached the line of the onlookers and trotted over to him.
Amelie, the prettiest girl in town as far as Christoph was concerned, and ex-girlfriend of Phillipe, ran up to him. Her quirky style and unconventional beauty always managed to captivate men. Her long thin face, with defined cheeks and pony-tailed mahogany hair, framed piercing green eyes that seemed to promise an understanding hidden behind her playful demeanour and joy in being popular. She smiled at him, her expression and body language thick with the message 'forget us ostracising you in the past and me ignoring you'. Phillipe looked at her standing before him with jealous eyes.
"Christoph," said Amelie, "you were amazing! Incroyable!" She slowly brushed aside a sway of hair from her forehead with a hand, her head tilted to one side and a naughty smile on her face. "I want you to father my children Christoph, I want you to make love to me like you made love to those angels, to put your holy penis inside my body like you did to them. Make me orgasm as you cum inside me. Please Christoph, take my body!" she bit her lip as she looked into his eyes awaiting a response, twisting her body from left to right with anticipation of his answer.
Christoph grinned...
The End