All characters in this story are over 18
Ch. 01 - A Birthday to Remember
I woke up to the sound of the buzzing alarm on Sunday morning. I groaned as I reached out and turned it off. It was way too early, and I wanted to sleep more. But Sunday at my house was quite different than your typical household. My dad is the local pastor, and Sunday was the day Dad preached at the church.
He was up every Sunday at the crack of dawn, making sure everything was perfect and the church was ready for his sermon. Dad had gotten Alanah and me used to waking up super early on Sundays to help out as well.
But this Sunday was different than usual; I had finally turned 18. I'm Mark, a senior in high school and now finally an adult. It didn't mean much, as I would still be in the same house as my crazy mom.
I lay in bed and pulled the covers up as I thought about my family. My dad is pretty cool, but my mom is the real pain. Until now, My entire life has been under her strict rules and restrictions. Her stupid rules were the reason why Alanah no longer lived with us.
Alanah is my elder sister, about 4 years older than me. She is tall with long blonde hair, beautiful blue eyes, and a great body. She could pass for a runway model with her big boobs and hourglass figure. It wasn't long after finishing school that she was scouted by some talent agent and dropped out of college to pursue a modelling career.
Mom and Dad had flipped when they found out Alanah was leaving college, but Alanah stood her ground. Her friend, Megan, helped her land a job at the local Hooters restaurant to help her get on her feet. She moved in with Megan, and they have been roommates ever since.
Initially, I was allowed to visit Alanah once a week, but after an ad for the restaurant with Megan and her picture in a skimpy Hooters uniform went up at the local gas station a few months ago, Mom banned me from seeing Alanah altogether.
That ad caused a bit of a scandal; the pastor's daughter wearing a Hooters uniform was all the talk in my mom's church group. Alanah and Megan looked terrific in the ad, with their large tits barely contained in the skimpy uniforms, showing their midriffs and lots of cleavage. I still remember Mom's reaction at home when the ads came out.
***
"You need to go talk to her, John. She never listens to me anymore," Mom said angrily over dinner as she pointed to Alanah in the flyer.
"Look at her! Look what she is wearing!"
Dad just sighed as he looked at the ad and looked at her and said," Calm down, Karen. We talked about this. I don't approve of what Alanah is doing, but she is an adult now. We cannot force her to do what we want anymore."
"And look at her roommate Megan! That girl is trouble," she continued.
I had tuned Mom's rant out, instead looking at Megan and Alanah in the advertisement ---
"Mark, are you even listening?" Mom said as she snapped her fingers in my face, bringing my attention back to the table.
"Huh, yeah...I mean, no." I replied as I turned away from the ad, trying to hide my erection.
"You are not allowed to contact your sister anymore, do you understand?" Mom said as she glared at me.
"What! Why?" I said as I protested.
"You know why! She is a bad influence." Mom said.
I opened my mouth to protest again, but Dad gave me a look, indicating me to shut up in front of my angry mother and said," That's enough, Karen. I'll go and talk to Alanah tonight. I'm sure I can talk some sense into her."
I'm not really sure if that accomplished anything though. I was still awake when Dad returned from her place a few hours later, around 2pm. Mom was already asleep. Dad just shook his head as he entered the front door, and I gave him a questioning look.
"How did it go?" I asked from the living room as he entered the house.
Dad jumped in shock at my voice. He seemed exhausted and nervous as he looked at me." Well, we had a long hard talk, your sister and I. She's not ready to listen yet."
"Was Megan there with her?" I asked.
"Yeah," Dad replied, his face blushing red." They had just returned from work, and I also talked to Megan. I gave them both a good hard talking to."
"Okay, well, hopefully, Alanah listens and comes back home. I miss her." I said.
"Hmm... don't get your hopes up, son. I told her your mom didn't like the advertisement, and Alanah was pissed. You know that your sister can be as stubborn as your mom." he said with a wry smile as he went up the stairs to bed.
***
That was 2 months ago, and my father still visited Alanah on her day off and tried to convince her for hours. I had to hand it to him, though; he wouldn't give up trying to bring Alanah back home. I had not met her even once in the past two months. We just chatted over WhatsApp messages and phone calls.
I sighed as I rolled out of bed and put my glasses on. It was time to start getting ready for church. My phone buzzed as I put on a shirt. It was a text from Alanah.
Alanah: "Happy birthday, bro! Can't wait to see you today <3"
My heart skipped a beat as I read her message. What did she mean to see me today? Was she going to the church service today?
Me: "Thanks, sis! What do you mean, see me today?"
Alanah: "Just wait and see <3"
I grinned as I put the phone down. I knew she had something planned, but I was not sure what. I quickly got ready and headed downstairs. Dad was already dressed and having breakfast.
"Happy birthday, Mark!" Dad said with a wide smile as they took a seat beside him. "How does it feel to be 18?"
"Not much different, honestly, Dad," I said with a shrug as I looked irritably at Mom, who placed a plate of pancakes in front of me. "Doesn't feel like a birthday without Alanah here."
Mom rolled her eyes as she said, "We've talked about this, Mark. She made her choice. Let it go."
"Whatever, Mom," I said with a scowl.
"Karen, let's not get started today, okay," Dad said as he looked between us. "At least let me give him his present first."
"Present?" I said with a raised eyebrow.
"Well, I remember you mentioning that band you liked a few weeks ago. The one which is on tour in Charlesburg today. So I got you tickets for their concert tonight," Dad said as he handed me a ticket envelope.
"What! You're kidding, Dad... These tickets were sold out weeks ago!" I said excitedly as I ripped the envelope open and found two tickets to the show this evening.
"Nope, I got you VIP seats," Dad said as he smiled at me. "It's not every day that my son turns 18."
"Wow, Dad. This is awesome! When do we leave?" I asked eagerly.
"Well, I'm sure you don't want to spend your birthday with your old man. I've asked your friend Scott to pick you up in an hour. You can skip church and spend the day in the city today. The show starts at 5pm today." Dad said.
"Alright! Awesome, Dad. Thank you so much. This is the best birthday gift ever!" I said happily as I jumped out of my seat and hugged Dad. He was always the sane parent in the house, but he'd really outdid himself today.
Mom and Dad left for church a few minutes later, while I stayed back and finished my pancakes waiting for Scott. I wondered if I could message Alanah to meet me there today when the doorbell rang. "That must be Scott," I thought as I walked over and opened the front door.
But it wasn't Scott.
It was Alanah!
My heart skipped a beat as I looked at my gorgeous sister standing at the door. She was wearing a tight crop top, exposing her belly button piercing and her sexy waist. She was also wearing tight skinny jean shorts, which hugged her curves tightly and showed off her ass. She grinned as she saw my reaction and stepped inside the house.
"Alanah! What are you doing here? Mom will freak out if she sees you here," I said as I looked behind her.
"Relax, Mark. Mom and Dad are at church, right?" Alanah said with a smirk as she entered the hallway and closed the door behind her.
"Besides, I'm here to wish my little brother a happy birthday in person." she said as she pulled me into a tight hug. My hands wrapped around her waist tightly as I felt her huge boobs pressed against me. She grinned as she pulled back, knowing how excited she had gotten me.
"Happy birthday, little bro!" Alanah said as she kissed my cheek softly." How's it feel to be 18?"
I sighed as I looked into her eyes, "Feels awesome... especially now that you're here."
"Awww, I missed you too, little bro." Alanah said with a grin as she ruffled my hair. I moved forward to hug her again, but my phone buzzed.
It was a message from Scott, "Happy Birthday, man. Say hi to Alanah for me and enjoy the concert!"
I didn't understand his message, but Alanah had a knowing smile as I looked up at her with a questioning look.
"You really didn't think that Dad got you those tickets, did you?" Alanah asked me as she grinned.
"Wait.. you bought me those tickets?" I said with a surprised expression.
"Well, I wanted to spend your 18th birthday, and Dad helped out," Alanah said as she smiled at me. "I've already taken my day off at the restaurant today, and we have VIP seats to the concert. Just you and me."
"I can't believe you planned this with Dad," I said with a happy grin.
"Come on, let's get going before Mom and Dad come back," Alanah said as she winked." I've got lots more birthday surprises for you today."
***
The entire day was a dream. Alanah and I spent the day together, hanging out in Charlesburg. I was so happy to spend time with my sister again. She took me to a burger joint for brunch, and then we shopped at the mall for some new clothes.
By late afternoon, we headed towards the venue, and I noticed a lot of guys staring at Alanah as we walked side by side. Alanah was a bombshell, and guys would stare at her no matter where we went.
Alanah loved all the attention and was extra touchy-feely with me today. She linked her arm to mine and gave me playful pecks on my cheek as we walked and laughed together. Alanah had a knowing smirk as she held my hand tightly and whispered, "Don't worry, Mark. I only have eyes for you. Now let's get to our seats."
We made our way to the VIP seating area and found our seats. Alanah sat beside me, and we had a perfect view of the stage.
"This is awesome. Thanks again, sis!" I said as we sat down.
"Well, I have a few surprises planned for you today." Alanah said as she grinned. "I want you to forget all about Mom, and you can enjoy some freedom for your birthday today."
"Definitely," I said with a wide smile." This has been the best birthday ever."
The concert was terrific, and Alanah and I danced and sang along. It was so amazing to finally hang out with my sister after so long. By the end of the concert, I was exhausted but was having the time of my life.
Alanah and I made our way out, and she grabbed my arm as we walked to her car. I could see a few guys staring at her as they were wondering what a babe like her was doing with a guy like me.
As we reached the car, Alanah pulled our her camera before we got in." I had a great time today, Mark. Let's take a selfie to remember this day."
Alanah pulled me in and moved closer to me as she took a selfie. It was a great shot; Alanah's face pressed my cheek as we grinned at the camera.
"Perfect," Alanah said with a naughty grin as she posted the selfie to her Instagram status.
"Mom's gonna blow a gasket if she sees that," I smirked as we climbed into her car.
"Who cares. It's your 18th birthday Mark," Alanah said with a shrug, and she began driving us back to town. We continued to chat and laugh as we returned, enjoying each other's company.
"You hungry?" Alanah asked as we neared downtown.
"Starving!" I said.
"I know just the place to eat," Alanah said with a naughty grin.
We pulled into the restaurant a few minutes later. Hooters. I grinned at her as she parked the car.
"Come on, let's go," Alanah said as she grinned, and we walked into the restaurant. Alanah took me to a quiet corner booth and said, "Stay here; I'll be back in a minute."
A minute later, Megan came over to our booth and greeted me with a warm hug, "Mark! Happy birthday! Your sister told me about your birthday. Congratulations!"
"Thanks, Megan," I said with a wide grin as I stared at Megan.
Megan was Alanah's roommate and worked with her at Hooters. Megan was Alanah's best friend and had graduated a few years ago. She was short and petite, with a huge pair of tits. Her Hooters uniform seemed even tighter and skimpier than the advertisement a few months ago.
"Where's Alanah?" I asked.
"Don't worry, Mark. She has a surprise for you," Megan said as she grinned and left. A few minutes later, Alanah arrived carrying a slice of cake and a lit candle.
"Happy birthday to you," Alanah began singing as she walked towards me with the cake. Alanah placed the cake before me and continued singing," Happy birthday, Mark. Happy birthday, little broooo."
"Now make a wish and blow the candle," Alanah said with a naughty grin.
I couldn't take my eyes off her tits as she leaned forward and grinned. I knew what I really wanted to wish for as I looked into her eyes. It was so naughty, but I was an 18-year-old virgin, and she was so sexy and hot.
"Stop staring and make your wish and blow the candle, Mark," Alanah said with a wink as she smiled. I took a deep breath and blew the candle out.
Alanah clapped her hands as the flame went out and said, "I bet I know what you wished for."
"You think you know me that well," I said with a grin.
"I know you more than you think, Mark, "Alanah said as she grinned and cut the cake and fed me a piece.
"So, Megan said you have another surprise planned," I asked.
"Megan talks too much, but yeah, "Alanah said with a naughty grin," You will get it soon."
We chatted and finished dinner a few minutes later, and Alanah paid the bill. Megan joined us at the door as we exited.
"See you tomorrow, Alanah. Enjoy the rest of Mark's birthday," Megan said with a naughty grin.
"Megan's not going back to your place tonight?" I asked as we got into the car.
"She's got some business with her brother, so she's headed to his place tonight." Alanah said as she winked.
"Her brother? Megan has a brother?" I asked, puzzled.
"Yep. He's a year older than her and visits the restaurant sometimes." Alanah said as she drove back towards our parents' home.
I was so lost in the conversation that I had not noticed where we were going. We missed the turn towards my parent's house and headed towards Alanah's apartment.
"Ummm, sis. Why are we headed back to your place?" I asked as I noticed where we were headed.
"Oh, didn't I tell you," Alanah said with a wink," You'll spend the night with me at my place. We're gonna watch movies like we used to and have some fun tonight."
"What about mom and dad? Won't they freak out?" I asked nervously.
"Relax, Mark. I spoke to Dad, and he's okay with it. He told Mom that you are sleeping over at Scott's place today, so you can sleep over at my place for your birthday." Alanah said with a naughty grin.
"Wow, Dad's covering for us. How did you get our goody two shoes, Dad, to agree?" I asked with a surprised expression.
Alanah blushed and grinned, "Well, Megan and I convinced him when he came over last week. He agreed to let you sleep over and relax today."
"Megan and you convinced him? Dad never says yes to anything like this." I said curiously as Alanah parked the car.
"Well, Megan and I can be very persuasive," Alanah said with a naughty smile as we climbed out of the car and made our way upstairs." Ready for some more birthday fun, Mark?"
"Definitely!" I said with a grin.
***
"I'm going to go change into something comfortable... Why don't you find us something good to watch on Netflix," Alanah said as we entered her apartment.
Alanah took off her coat at the door and was already in the process of changing out of her clothes with each step she took down the hall to her room. By the time she reached her bedroom door, I looked down the hall and could see that she was down to her black lace bra and matching thong panties that put her tight, curvy ass on display.
She paused at her door frame, turned to look over her shoulder at me, and saw me ogling at her." Mark, don't stand there with your jaw on the floor. Make yourself comfortable on the couch. I'll be back in a few minutes."
I watched her perfect ass walk into her bedroom and slam the door behind her. I was frozen and needed a moment to gather my thoughts and adjust the massive erection that had formed in my pants. I went over to the couch and switched on the TV.
A few minutes later, Alanah emerged from her room, wearing nothing but a sexy little teddy that hugged her sexy body, and left little to the imagination. It barely covered her panties that could clearly be seen through it anyway. I also noticed that she had ditched the bra, and her nipples strained against the material. With each bounce of her breasts, the entire teddy seemed to bounce right along with them.
"Well, did you pick something to watch?" Alanah asked innocently as she sat down on the couch and snuggled up next to me.
"I can't believe Dad agreed to this." I said my voice barely above a whisper. Alanah didn't hear me; she took a clip out of her hair, letting her long blonde locks fall down around her shoulders. She reached for her hairbrush and began brushing her hair out.
"Sorry, sis... I mean... couldn't find anything I liked." I replied nervously; my heart was racing as my eyes feasted on her incredible body.
"It's fine, we can talk some more... I wanted to spend some more time together." Alanah said with a soft smile on her face.
"Mom let you have a girlfriend yet?" Alanah asked, obviously inquiring about any changes that were made, if any, to our mother's overprotective and sheltering parenting style in the last two months.
"Nope. I can't even go to Scott's house now because Mom thinks I'm going there to check out his sister." I replied with a frustrated look.
My mind raced, wondering why someone hadn't stepped forward or approached either me directly; however, no other ideas popped forth.
"I can't believe she still hasn't changed. You're eighteen now and still have never had a girlfriend." Alanah said as she looked sympathetically at me.
"I know, sis. I've never even kissed a girl yet." I replied, blushing with embarrassment, staring at her beautiful blue eyes.
Alanah didn't respond with words. Instead, she leaned in and playfully gave me a soft kiss on the lips. It wasn't really the kind of kiss I would like to get from Alanah but it was the feel of her soft lips on mine that was enough to turn me on.
She pulled back and giggled, "Now you have."
I knew she was just teasing me, but I looked into her eyes and asked nervously, "Can... we... do... that again?"
"Easy tiger... we've got all night together." Alanah said with a smile. "Why don't we discuss how things are at home first?"
"Well, Mom still is as controlling and crazy as ever," I replied." She's got some new porn blockers on the internet, my laptop, and my phone so strong that I can't even google a picture of tits without her knowing."
Alanah laughed, saying, "I still remember her freaking out about Megan and my advertisement a few months ago."
"Yeah... she's put the house on lockdown ever since," I replied with a sigh.
Alanah frowned, "Mark, Mom shouldn't control you like that. You're an adult now. You should be able to watch porn. Don't you have any magazines or DVDs?"
"Nope," I replied, "Mom checks my room constantly and throws out anything that is even remotely sexual."
"Mark, this may be personal, but...how are you... you know... taking care of your urges?"
I blushed,"Well... I've kind of gotten used to it now."
Alanah raised her eyebrow and said, "What do you mean?"
"Well... I haven't seen any porn or even a nude picture in months," I replied, "So, I kind of use my imagination when I jerk off." I left out the part where I used the picture of Megan and Alanah in their Hooters uniforms and fantasizing about my sexy sister.
"You've got to be kidding me, Mark. Have you seen any naked women at all in the last few months?" she asked.
"Nope," I replied, shaking my head, "Mom controls everything in the house."
Alanah was silent for a minute, and then she smiled, a naughty grin forming on her lips.
"I'm going to go put a movie on," Alanah said with a mischievous wink and got up and disappeared down the hall.
Alanah returned a few minutes later with a DVD in her hand." Megan won't mind if we borrow this tonight," Alanah said with a naughty grin.
She put the DVD into the player and snuggled back next to me on the couch. She hit play, and immediately, a gorgeous, big-breasted girl was on the screen, naked and moaning as she was being fucked doggy style.
"Is that Megan?" I asked with a shocked expression on my face. My eyes were glued to the screen, and my cock was instantly hard and forming a tent in my pants.
Alanah leaned in and kissed me on the cheek" Shhh... just watch, Mark."
"Aahhh... fuck me, Lex! Fuck me harder," Megan moaned as her huge tits bounced hard with each thrust.
Alanah just smiled as we continued watching the DVD. The guy pulled out and flipped Megan onto her back. His cock was huge, and he pushed deep into her. Megan's huge tits bounced as he fucked her hard.
"Mmm, yeah... Fuck my pussy, Lex!" Megan moaned on the screen.
I had no clue who Lex was, but he was one lucky fucker. I was so mesmerized by the porno and Megan's huge bouncing tits that I didn't notice Alanah's hand moving towards my crotch. I jumped in surprise as I felt her fingers caressing my hard-on.
"You like that, Mark?" Alanah whispered in my ear as her hand rubbed my hard cock through my pants. I could only moan and nod as I watched Megan get fucked hard.
"Never fails. If you want to get a guy's dick hard, just show him a slut with big tits being fucked hard." Alanah said, casting a glance towards the screen, her fingers teasing my hard on.
I suddenly realized what Alanah's hands were doing and froze," Alanah! What are you doing?"
I shifted uncomfortably in my seat, my body temperature rose, and I knew my face had to be bright red.
"Don't be embarrassed, Mark. It's perfectly normal. Especially for a guy your age who hasn't seen a naked girl for months." Alanah said, her hand continuing to stroke my erection.
I sat up on the couch and did my best to try to get over my embarrassment and get my facial colour back to normal. "Alanah, I don't know. You're my sister," I said, staring into her eyes.
"Look, Mark, I'm not trying to embarrass you. I just want you to know that when you're here at my house, you can do whatever you want to. You, just like every teenage guy, need an outlet for your sexual desires. Not only that, but you need to have some idea of what you're supposed to do when Mom finally releases her iron grip on you and lets you have a girlfriend. There's nothing worse for a girl than when she wants a fuck; the guy has absolutely no idea what he's doing and then blows his cum before the fuck ever gets going because it's the first time he's ever seen a pair of real tits and a wet pussy." she said to me with a stern look in her eyes.
"If Mom finds out about this..." I started.
"This is MY house. I'm not going to tell Mom anything, and I doubt that you want to listen to her ranting either. She's not going to find out. So if you want to watch a nasty movie here, you can. You can just relax, kick back, and just know that you can jack off and relieve a little stress without anyone walking in on you and lecturing and screaming at you for doing something completely natural." Alanah said. Her voice rose when I mentioned Mom.
"Mom walked in on me once; she didn't even knock. When she realized what I was doing, she said it was disgusting, and she better never catch me doing it again. Then she told me to put my fucking clothes on and slammed my door." I said.
"Mom is such a fucking prude. You don't have to worry about anything like that while you're here. Is there anything you want to know? Any advice I can give you? You can ask me whatever you want; I'm sure Mom hasn't told you anything that she should have by now." Alanah said with a naughty grin.
Alanah leaned back on the couch, her huge tits bouncing and straining against the thin material of her teddy. She ran her hands across her tits, biting her lip as she teased me.
"Alanah..." I began, unsure of what to say.
"Come on, Mark. Ask me any questions you want." Alanah said as she giggled and continued teasing me with her huge tits.
"Do you ever... you know..." I asked, blushing and my voice trailing off.
"Do I ever masturbate?" Alanah finished for me.
"Yeah," I said.
"Everyone does, Mark. I have a few toys that I play with from time to time. Sometimes two or three times a day." Alanah laughed.
"Do you do it when Megan is in the apartment?" I asked, my eyes glancing at Megan on the screen.
"Yeah," Alanah said, "Sometimes Megan joins me, and we have a little fun together."
My jaw dropped, and I looked at her in shock, "You and Megan? But she's a..."
"Girl?" Alanah finished as she grinned," Mark, a girl's got needs. And Megan and I have a special friendship."
"Wow," I said, unable to hide the surprise in my voice, "Mom would flip out if she ever found out."
"Mom's not gonna find out, is she?" Alanah said, "Just like she's not gonna find out about tonight."
---------------------------
On the screen, Megan was now on her knees, her head bobbing up and down as his cock slid in and out of her mouth.
She was moaning sluttily with your mouth wrapped around his cock, "Fuck, your cock tastes so good..."
Her lips were wet and shiny with her saliva as Lex's cock disappeared into her mouth. Megan was a dirty talker and kept moaning, "Mmm... I love sucking your big hard cock. I can't wait for you to fill my mouth with your cum."
---------------------------
"Do you ever do that?" I asked, motioning toward the screen.
"Yeah, I give blowjobs. It's a pretty big turn-on for me. It just gets my pussy really wet, and then I really want to be fucked." Alanah explained; I could see her nipples getting harder through her teddy.
"Really? It looks messy," I said, watching Megan drool on Lex's cock.
"It can be messy, but I love it. Nothing beats feeling a guy's hard cock slide between my lips." Alanah said as she began tracing her fingers across her tits, "But yeah, a blowjob usually ends up with me on my hands and knees getting fucked hard."
I knew my sister was getting turned on as much as I was by this line of discussion, and she was teasing me with her sexy body. Alanah knew exactly what she was doing and how much she was turning me on.
"How do you like to be fucked?" I asked her.
"Well, a lot of the time, I really like to be on top, so I can control how fast, how hard, and how deeply I'm getting fucked. But, if the guy is really good, I like for him to be on top and just pump my pussy. I like just about every position, but mostly I like to be on top. It also leaves the guy's hands-free to play with my titties, which really turns me on." Alanah said.
"Lucky bastard..." I mumbled to myself, still watching the video on the screen in which Megan received the guy's load of cum all over her tits.
Alanah smiled and cocked me an eyebrow, "What was that, Mark?"
"Um...I uh... I meant the guy in the movie..." I stuttered, my face reddening again.
"It's okay, Mark. I'm flattered that you think I'm hot and that someone getting to fuck me is a lucky guy." she smiled and leaned in to give me a soft kiss on my forehead.
"You are?" I said, surprised that she wasn't mad.
"Of course I am. Despite what many women will tell you, we like it when guys think we are hot and would love to fuck us. A girl might act like she's offended, but deep down, she's loving the fact that someone finds her attractive and is thinking about what it would be like to be fucking her." she said
"Really..." I said, thinking about a few of the hottest girls in our neighborhood.
There were quite a few girls that I fantasised about and would love to fuck. Lora, Christi, Tamika, Becki. They could have very well have dropped out of a Playboy shoot or straight off a Maxim cover.
"Uh-huh. And I know you think I'm hot because I saw you staring at my ass in the hallway when we got home. And then gawking at my boobs through my teddy when I came back out and sat down on the couch." she giggled.
"Geez, Allie, I'm sorry... I just..." I stammered.
"It's okay, Mark. Do you think I would have started changing in the hall if I didn't want you to see that? Or that I would wear such a see-through skimpy nightie if I didn't want to show off my boobs?" Alanah asked.
"It's okay, Mark. Do you think I would have started changing in the hall if I didn't want you to see that? Or that I would wear such a see-through skimpy nightie if I didn't want to show off my boobs?" Alanah asked.
"I don't know." I said.
"Well, I did want you to look. I'm kind of an exhibitionist, but I had to be careful. I couldn't just strip naked in front of you because it would have been hard to pass off as normal activity if you weren't interested." she said as she looked into my eyes.
Her hands reached up and hooked the strap of her teddy as she smiled sluttily at me" But I could wear skimpy clothes and see-through stuff to see how a teenage sheltered guy would react to seeing his half-naked sister. When I saw you staring at my bare ass and then your eyes locking on my boobs while I was asking you about how things were with Mom, I knew you found me attractive in a way that was not just brother/sister affection."
"So why don't you take your clothes off then, if you like to show off." I said, wanting to see how far Alanah would go.
I was so horny right now; I knew it was my dick doing the talking at this point. My hands were shaking, and I could feel my heartbeat in my throat.
"Hmm, I could take off my clothes, but I would have to know how far you would be willing to go with this." Alanah said.
"How far are you willing to go with this?" I said as I looked down at her tits.
"I'll do whatever you want me to. I'll make a man out of you tonight if you want me to. Do you have a problem having sex with me knowing that I'm your sister?" Alanah asked with a naughty smile.
"No." I said as I gulped nervously.
"You're sure now? You know that NO ONE can know about this, right? I could get into some serious shit for this, Mark. You PROMISE to keep this between us?" she asked me.
"There is no way I would tell on you." I replied.
"I don't want to let Mom ruin you by keeping you sheltered, so I'm willing to let you fuck me whenever you want to, you know, to practice and be ready so that when you have a girlfriend, you can give her a great lay and have a reputation as a stud rather than someone who doesn't know what he's doing." she continued with a smile on her lips.
"I know Mom thinks I'm a 'slut', but I do love to fuck. I'm not like these girls around who act like it's a chore for them to give a guy some pussy. I love sex and like to get as much of it as possible. So if you PROMISE to keep this a secret, I'll do whatever you want. I'll show you everything you want to know." Alanah said.
"I promise, Allie. I don't want you to get into any trouble, and I know Mom would absolutely kill me for something like this. I love you and don't want you to get in trouble, not after all the cool stuff you've done for me all these years when we were at home with Mom. You're the best sister ever. I'd go nuts if it weren't for you." I said.
"All right then, it's settled." Alanah said, and she got up and locked the front door, pulled the shades on the windows, and turned off the television.
"Okay, Mark, come here." Alanah said as she pushed one of the chairs in the dining room out into the living room and pushed it up against the wall.
"Sit. I'll be right back." Alanah said.
I sat down in the chair and watched her sexy ass as she walked down the hall, disappearing into her bedroom. A few minutes later, Alanah returned, hiding something with one hand behind her back.
"Okay, hands behind your back." Alanah said with a slutty grin on her face.
"What?" I said with a puzzled look on my face.
"Behind your back. Trust me." Alanah said as she grinned.
I did as I was told, and she moved behind me, and I felt Alanah snap a pair of handcuffs on me, handcuffing me to the chair.
"What is this?" I asked.
"Just wait. It's to keep you restrained while I work my magic. For some reason, guys just have a lot of trouble keeping their hands to themselves until they're allowed to touch me." Alanah teased.
She picked up her phone and set up a sexy tune on her stereo, and stood in front of me, swaying her sexy body to the beat of the music. Alanah slowly ran her hands up and down her sexy body and across her tits as she began her sultry striptease for me.
Alanah ran her hands over her tits, squeezing them through her teddy as her hips swayed to the song's beat. I was rock hard in my pants, and Alanah knew how badly I wanted her.
"Ready for your lesson?" Alanah said seductively as she swayed her hips and ran her hands over her tits.
"God, yes! Please, Allie, let me see them." I said with a pleading voice.
"Patience, Mark. I love when a guy begs for a glimpse of my tits." she grinned at me.
As she sauntered around in front of me, she slowly began unbuttoning her teddy while she gyrated her hips and tossed her head from side to side, flipping her gorgeous long blonde hair left and right. As she unbuttoned the last button, she held her lacy top closed and turned her back to me, holding it open and shaking her ass.
She dropped the nightgown to the floor and slowly backed up to where I sat in the chair. She bent over, and her ass was bare except for the small string of cloth that went right up her ass.
She rubbed her ass against my hard cock. She ground her hips around in a circle, rubbing my cock with her ass before she finally turned around, showing off her perfect 34D tits, her large nipples erect with excitement.
"See anything you like, Mark?" Alanah asked as she ran her hands all over her tits.
"God, yes, Allie. You are so fucking hot!" I said; my cock was rock hard in my pants.
Alanah giggled and slowly straddled my aching cock, and sat on my lap, pressing her hands up against the wall behind me. As she slowly ground her pantied pussy against my hard cock, my breath came in short, rapid breaths. Alanah continued to grind against my cock, squeezing her tits together and breathing heavily as the music blared in the background.
She had a look of pure lust, and her eyes were closed as she ground against my cock, biting her bottom lip. She enjoyed teasing me and having control of the situation.
"Do you want to touch them, Mark?" Alanah said, her voice sounding more breathless than I had ever heard her voice before.
My hands strained against the cuffs, and I wanted desperately to squeeze and fondle Alanah's perfect tits that were just inches from my face. I now knew why she had restrained me. Alanah reached down with one hand and slid her thong to the side to reveal her perfectly shaved pussy as she ground her clit against the bulge in my sweats.
As the song came to an end, Alanah leaned down and kissed me hard on the mouth, sliding her tongue into my mouth and twisting around with mine. I didn't really know what I was doing, I was just sort of mimicking what she was doing with her tongue, and apparently, it was working. Her tits were pressed hard against me, and she was moaning into my mouth as her tongue explored my mouth.
Alanah was gasping and panting hard and finally pulled back and looked into my eyes," Now that was a great first kiss, Mark. You sure you haven't done this before."
"Nope. You're my first kiss, actually." I said as I grinned up at my sexy sister.
"Hmmmm. It's going to be a whole night of firsts for you then, isn't it? And all of them with your sister. I wanna be the first to do everything with you, Mark." Alanah purred as she peppered my neck with kisses.
Alanah slid down the front of my body until she was kneeling between my legs, looking up at me. She tucked her fingers inside the waistband of my sweats.
"Now, let's see what you've got to offer a lady." Alanah said as she pulled my sweatpants off.
As my sweats came off, my hard, throbbing cock was finally released from its uncomfortable position. Alanah gasped when she saw it for the first time.
"Wow, Mark, you've got a huge cock!" Alanah said.
"Really?" I asked, not knowing how I actually measured up against other guys.
"Oh my God, Mark. It's got to be at least eight, no nine inches, and it's so fuckin thick! Oooh, I can't wait to suck this gorgeous piece of meat!" Alanah said.
Alanah looked up at me with the sluttiest look a sister could give her brother, and as she took my hard cock in her hand and began to stroke it, a couple pearls of pre-cum oozed out of the head of my cock. Her fingers spread my pre-cum all over my cock as she stroked me, getting my cock nice and slick.
Alanah had a wild look on her face and looked like she was in a trance as she looked at my cock. I watched her lick her lips hungrily as she leaned forward and extended her tongue and licked my cock, from the base of my cock, all the way up the underside, stopping just under the head of my cock.
Alanah repeated this, licking my cock all over and spreading her saliva all over my cock. She began licking and sucking on my balls as she slowly stroked the length of my hard cock, and then she moved up, and in one swift motion, she took the entire length of my cock down her throat.
"Uuuuhhnnnn!" I cried as my hands strained against the cuffs that held me secured to the chair. I never felt anything that even came close to the feeling of my cock in Alanah's mouth.
My cock was throbbing so hard as Alanah sucked me. Before I could even warn her, my cock began to jerk and spasm. I hadn't jacked off in a week and shot my first massive virgin load in Alanah's mouth. It was too much for her, and it spilt over her lips and chin, as well as she took my cock out of her mouth and jerked me off until my orgasm had subsided.
As my hips stopped bucking and my cock had finished covering my sister's mouth with cum, I realized that this was what Allie was talking about earlier, and I just knew I had disappointed her.
"It's okay, Mark. It was just too much, too fast. As you get used to what we're doing, that won't happen. I'm sure there's more where that came from, right?" Alanah said as she grinned at me, wiping a glob of cum from her chin.
"I'm sorry, Allie. I didn't mean to..." I started, but Alanah interrupted.
"Oh, honey, don't apologize. That was a HUGE load of cum, Mark. Most girls don't get a load like that from an experienced guy. I'm so proud of you." Alanah said with a slutty grin as she scooped up some cum off her chin and sucked her finger clean.
"Really!" I said, still rather embarrassed at my lack of self-control.
"Yeah, baby, don't worry about it because I wasn't going to let you out of that chair until you had cum in my mouth anyway. Here, let me take those cuffs off of you before you hurt yourself. I'm surprised you didn't break my chair." Alanah laughed as she unlocked the handcuffs.
I looked at my wrists, and they were marked where the cuffs had dug into them. As I rubbed them to get the circulation back into them, Alanah stood up and directed me to follow her into her bedroom.
I followed Alanah down the hallway, and as I watched her pretty ass in her lacy thong bouncing with each step she took, my cock was once again at its full throbbing size by the time I got to her bedroom. Alanah lay down on her bed, and she saw that my cock was already hard.
"Mmmmm. This is why I LOVE virgins. You guys can blow your load, and 2 minutes later, you're rock-hard and ready to go again."
Alanah laid back and propped herself up against the headboard of her bed; she
arched her back, pulling off her panties as she spread her legs, showing off her already glistening pussy. She slowly rubbed her middle finger down her pussy lips and back up again, stopping momentarily to play with her clit.
"Why don't you come here and lick my pussy for me, Mark." Alanah purred.
"Okay." I said, and I crawled up onto the bed with her.
Alanah spread her pouting pussy lips for me and rubbed her clit.
"Lick me right here, babe. If you wanna get me all hot and bothered, just suck and lick my clit. You can lick my pussy, and that feels good too, but you gotta make sure you give my clit most of the attention if you wanna make me scream."
I started kissing my way up Alanah's inner thigh, slowly licking and sucking on her soft skin, trying to act like I knew what I was doing. As I got nearer to her pussy, I could feel her leg muscles tighten and her breath catching in anticipation of when my tongue would make contact with her dripping pussy.
I didn't really know what I was doing, so I pretty much just dove in. I started to lick her clit like she had told me and alternated between licking and sucking her pussy, and Alanah began to writhe like a snake underneath me, moaning and gasping as my lips and tongue danced over her clit.
"Ahhh...yes Mark....yes...just like that. Suck on my clit, babe. Mmmmmm...just like that, Mark." Alanah said, moaning in pleasure as I worked her pussy with my tongue.
I wrapped my arms around her legs and pulled her pussy harder into my face. Alanah began to grind her pussy against my face, and I was lapping her pussy, getting her juices all over my face.
"Fuck Mark.... you're a natural-born pussy-licker." Alanah gasped as she bucked her hips up against my face.
I could feel Alanah's legs shaking, and her moans grew louder as I continued my assault on her clit. I looked up from between her legs and saw her huge tits bouncing with each breath she took. Alanah was pinching and pulling on her nipples as she grabbed my hair, grinding her pussy against my face.
I reached out with my hands and grabbed her tits. It was the first time I had ever touched a girl's tits, and Alanah's tits felt amazing. My fingers dug into Alanah's soft tit flesh, and her nipples felt like hard pebbles in my palms. Alanah was gasping and writhing, and her hips bucked furiously against my face.
"Oh fuck yes!" Alanah screamed, "Oh, Mark! Squeeze your slutty sister's tits! Ohhhhhh, Mark!"
"Your boobs feel so good...so amazing. I've always wondered how soft your tits would feel... oohhh... Allie."" I murmured between laps of Alanah's clit.
"Oh, Mark...squeeze my big slutty titties. They're all yours, babe." Alanah said breathlessly, and I could feel her hips grinding hard against my face.
"You're such a slutty sister, Alanah...mmm... letting your little brother play with your big tits. Uhhhh... Allie." I gasped.
"Oohhhhhh Mark! Yessss!" Alanah screamed, "Call me a slut, babe! I'm such a slut! I'm such a slutty sister for letting you play with my tits!"
Hearing me call her a slutty sister sent Alanah over the top, and her hips were bucking uncontrollably. Her back arched, pushing her tits against my hands, and her legs clamped shut around my head, pulling my face tightly against her pussy.
"Ooooh! Oh! Ahhh yesssss. Oh yeah, Mark. Oh God, just like that, OH! Unnh! Mmm! Oooh yeah, dont stop... keep going.... ooooh... oh! Oh! Oh yeah! I'm cumming! I'm CUMMING! Ahhh!" Alanah cried out in lust.
Alanah's hips were bucking and moving in circles, and she grabbed a fistful of my hair and buried my face in her hot pussy as her orgasm rocked her body.
I slid my tongue into her pussy, and as I did, I felt her juices flood over my tongue. Alanah tasted sweet, like honey, and I was lapping at her pussy, while she moaned my name.
Hearing Alanah screaming and moaning while I ate out her pussy was, without a doubt, the hottest thing I had ever done. Something came over me, and I was eating her pussy like it was the last chance I would ever have to taste her. Alanah released her grip on my hair and began squeezing her tits and sucking on her nipples while my tongue continued its assault on her sopping cunt.
"Aaaahh! Oh yes! Oh God, Mark, it feels so good! Uh! Uhh! Uhh! Yeah! Oh! Oh, God! Oooooooooooh! Oh, FUCK ME! I need your cock right now, Mark! Fuck me now!" Alanah screamed.
I got up on my knees in front of her, and Alanah was like a woman possessed. She slid towards me, lying down flat on her back, and immediately grabbed hold of my throbbing cock and guided it into her very wet and very willing pussy.
The feeling of my cock sliding into Alanah's pussy for the first time was like nothing I had ever felt before. I could feel my balls drawing up, and I fought with every fibre of my being not to blow my load all over the inside of her pussy immediately. I tried to think of something that would take my mind off of it, and my mind drifted to what would happen if Mom ever found out that I was fucking my own sister. The thought horrified me, but it did the job.
I began to slowly pump Alanah's tight, wet pussy, sliding my cock as far inside her as I could and then pulling it all the way back out. Alanah looked at me with pleading eyes as she felt waves of pleasure each time I thrust my cock into her.
"Ohhhhh Mark... your dick is sooo fucking good. Oh yeah... Oooooh... that's it, baby. Fuck my pussy. It's yours, Mark. I'm here for you... Ohh! Whenever you want to fuck... Oh! I'm yours..." Alanah whispered as I slowly slid my dick in and out of her pussy.
I leaned down and began to suck on Alanah's erect nipples, taking in as much of her gorgeous breast into my mouth as I could. I flicked my tongue over her nipple in my mouth and lightly nibbled on it as I squeezed and played with her other breast.
"Oh yes, Mark. You're a fast learner, baby... Ooooh... You're already better than some guys I've laid. Mmmmm! Oooh! Of course... Oh! With that wonderful... Uh! Huge cock of yours.... Ohhhh! Oh! You're not going to leave too many women unsatisfied! Mmmmm!" she moaned in pleasure, hardly able to finish her sentences as I began to quicken my pace now as I got acclimated to the feel of Alanah's awesome pussy.
Soon I was pounding her cunt faster and faster, burying my cock to the hilt and bouncing my balls off of her ass.
"Am I doing it right, Allie?" I panted as I pumped her cunt, "How does it feel to be fucked by your little brother?"
"Oh God, YES, Mark! You're doing great, babe.... Oh! Ooohh... Your dick is definitely one of the best... Ohhhhh... I've ever had... Oh yes! I can't wait to ride you and..." Alanah screamed, her tits bouncing wildly with each stroke of my cock.
"Oh yeah! Yeah, baby! Fuck me, fuck my pussy, baby! Ahh! Ooooh Mark! I want you to cum inside me! I want to feel you cum!" Alanah cried.
Hearing Alanah talking dirty to me like that, the feel of her tits and her pussy stroking my cock, it was soon too much for anything to take my mind off of it. I felt my cock begin to spasm and throb again as I shot stream after stream of hot sticky cum into my sister's pussy.
"Oh! Oh, Alanah! Your pussy feels so fucking good! I'm gonna cummmm!" I cried as my orgasm hit me so hard that I nearly passed out.
"Ohh yeah. Cum for me, baby!" Alanah cried, her hands gripping my ass and burying my cock as deep as it would go into her body.
As the throbbing in my cock subsided, I collapsed on top of Alanah, feeling her rock-hard nipples pressing into my chest. Alanah continued sucking on my neck and running her hands over my back.
"You're a man now, Mark." Alanah whispered into my ear, slowly grinding her hips against mine, my cock still buried in her pussy. I was exhausted, but Alanah hardly gave me a few minutes to recover as she had other plans.
Alanah rolled over on top of me and began kissing me deeply, her tongue dancing around mine. "Just lay back and relax, babe. Let me do the work now." Alanah purred as she sat up, squeezed her tits together, and began licking her nipples as she worked her pussy up and down my cock, which was rapidly returning to its rock-hard form.
"Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh God, Mark, you're a great lover! I can't believe how fast you get it up again after cumming!" Alanah moaned as she began to fuck me at a steady pace.
I grabbed two handfuls of Alanah's ass, squeezing and massaging her incredible ass as she bounced up and down on my dick. The harder I squeezed her ass, the hotter she got. Alanah was getting hotter and hotter, and I spread her ass cheeks apart and began thrusting her hips down onto mine. My fingers wandered around to rub and probe her tight little asshole, and Alanah was rapidly approaching another orgasm.
"Oh! Oh, Mark! Ah! Ooooooh baby! I'm gonna....I'm gonna cummmm!" Alanah screamed as her pussy juices flooded down over my cock.
I kept up a slow, steady pace of sliding my cock in and out of Alanah's pussy, all the while playing with her asshole.
"Mmmmmm... That feels so good. Do you want my ass, Mark?" Alanah asked in a sultry voice.
"Yeah. your ass is so fucking hot, Allie." I said as I squeezed her ass. She grinned at me, reached over to her bedside table, and grabbed a bottle of lubricant.
"You gotta make sure you use a LOT of this if you're gonna fuck a girl's ass." Alanah said with a smile as she handed me the bottle, "And you gotta go nice and slow. I only let a few guys fuck my ass, and they all had smaller dicks than you do."
She got off my cock and spread her legs wide as I lubed up my cock. Alanah slid a finger into her pussy and pulled out a glob of her juices, and began rubbing her asshole, using her pussy juices as lube. She then lubed her finger and slid it into her ass. Alanah slowly fingered her ass, and I watched in amazement as Alanah opened her asshole up for my cock.
"Fuck my ass, Mark. I wanna give you everything. I wanna feel your cock throbbing in my ass." she moaned as she got on her knees in front of me, her pretty ass on display just for me
I got into position behind her and pressed my wet and sticky cock up against Alanah's asshole. I slowly applied more and more pressure, and soon my cock pushed through, and I couldn't believe how tight it was. I thought that Alanah's pussy was tight and felt so good, but her ass was even better.
"Oooooh! Ohh... easy! Easy! Ahhhhh! Oh yeah, Mark! Ohhhhhhhhh!" Alanah screamed as I began to slowly fuck her asshole.
Alanah grabbed my hand and moved it around her waist, and placed it on her clit, and I began to rub and play with her as my cock slid in and out of her ass. I continued to fuck my sister for a few minutes, slowly increasing my pace as Alanah loosened up and enjoyed my cock sliding in and out of her asshole.
"Fuck my ass, Mark! It's yours! Oooooooh yeahhhhhh, Mark! Oh yeah, your big cock feels so fucking good! Keep fucking my ass!" Alanah cried.
"Mom was right! You are such a slut, Alanah!" I said, grinning and grabbing a handful of Alanah's hair, pulling it back and giving her a little slap on the ass, "Telling your little brother to fuck your slutty ass!"
"Yes, Mark! I'm a slut, and my ass is all yours! Oooh! Slap my ass again!" Alanah screamed.
I slapped Alanah's ass again, harder this time, leaving a big red handprint on her ass. I grabbed a handful of Alanah's hair and continued to fuck her ass.
"Oooooh! Fuck! I'm such a slut! Ooohh, God, Mark! You're gonna make me cum! Make me cum, Mark! Make your big sister cum!" Alanah cried out.
I continued spanking Alanah's ass as I fucked her; I was getting very close to shooting my load into my sister's asshole. I was fucking Alanah's ass faster and harder, and Alanah was moaning and crying out as my cock slammed in and out of her.
"Ahhh! Ahhhhhh! Oh, God! Oh God, Mark! Dont stop.... dont stop... Don't stop fucking me! Oh God, Mark! I'm gonna cum again!" Alanah cried.
As Alanah's orgasm hit her, I felt her asshole tighten and spasm, sending sensations through my cock that I just could not withstand. Before I could even begin to try to stop it, my cum shot from my cock, blowing my load inside her incredibly tight ass.
"Ahhgghh! Oh, Allie! I'm cumming!" I screamed as I blew my cum in her ass.
"Oh yeah, Mark! Gimme your cum!" Alanah cried as she continued to fuck my cock with her ass, clenching her ass and bucking against me until my orgasm had subsided.
My head was spinning, and as I pulled my cock out of Alanah's ass, she moaned again and then turned around to kiss me deeply. She pulled me down onto the bed with her, laying her head on my chest, listening to my heartbeat pounding.
"Wow, Mark. I had no idea that you would be this good." Alanah said as she ran her hands over my chest and stomach.
"Me neither," I said.
"So, how did you like your lesson?" Alanah asked.
"I don't really think I got it all the first time. You might have to show me again." I teased.
"Oooh. You're on, babe. Like I told you, I love sex. I love to get fucked, and I'm not ashamed to admit it. And... I love you. So anytime you need some pussy, you know that you always have a place you can come and get laid. No way those hardons of yours should go to waste through jacking off when I could be playing with them." Alanah purred.
I ran my hands over Alanah's gorgeous breasts, squeezing and playing with them.
"I'd much rather play with these and have you play with my cock than be by myself too." I said.
"Mmmm... I absolutely LOVE your cock. The great thing is, you're only going to get better. You were great, and this was just your first time. There's still a lot that I can show you too." Alanah said.
"Oh yeah, like what?" I asked.
"Hmmmm. Come with me, and I'll show you." Alanah said as she got up with a grin and headed towards the bathroom.
"You ever see any shower scenes, little brother?" Alanah asked.
"A couple." I said.
"Well, you've never seen anything like the one that WE are gonna have." Alanah purred.
As I got up to follow Alanah into the bathroom, I knew that this was, without a doubt, going to be the best birthday of my entire life. Alanah had given herself to me, a gorgeous woman to fuck whenever I wanted, to perform any sexual fantasy I desired. How can you beat that?
***
Note: I'm trying to connect my different series together which should hopefully work out well. Read'Family Vegas Trip','Tamika'and'The Pastor's Daughter'for more.