Katrin and Holly showered together in silence under the rainfall shower head in a bathroom that was larger than Katrin's entire apartment while the guests of mansion lingerie party departed into the night. Still in shock from unexpected acts of public depravity, Katrin stood motionless and stared deeply into the complex amber glass tiling of the shower walls while Holly toweled her off.
They slipped back into their modest sundresses and made their way back to the main staircase where Claudia waited for them in a flowing black robe, enjoying the eerie silence of her vacated residence. Katrin sighed deeply and mustered the courage to face her dominating client and make her exit as quickly as possible.
"Katrin, I hope you don't mind cash. I'm old fashioned," Claudia explained as she handed over an envelope brimming with many neatly bound stacks of hundred dollar bills.
"Cash is fine," Katrin replied as she looked at the bundles of money in disbelief through her dreary, bloodshot eyes. She peaked over the balcony and saw to her relief that Marco and Justin were waiting patiently in some elegant chairs near the front entrance.
"I'm sorry that this didn't turn out to be a traditional workshop, but I hope that you don't feel it was all in vain and that you were compensated appropriately."
"Claudia," Katrin replied carefully, "I know I should be mad, but I'd be lying if I said that I didn't enjoy it."
"Girls," Claudia continued as she looked over in Holly's direction, "This was a pleasant evening, but hardly on a level that would truly satisfy me. Let me know if you want to visit again sometime and see the basement. We can play for real. You have my number."
"Thanks for the offer," Katrin replied as she shared a wide-eyed glance with Holly, "but I don't think we could handle it."
"You're right, you probably couldn't," Claudia agreed. "I don't know how tight the blowjob workshop industry is, but if you ever run into the owner of Studio Trésor tell her that her long lost sister Claudia sends her regards."
Katrin's eyes bulged out of her sockets. "What?! You're Felicia's sister?!"
"Yes. Don't you see the resemblance?"
"No, actually, I don't," Katrin replied sincerely. "You're both ruthlessly sadistic, though."
"We're sororal twins. Non-identical. Although, most people do notice the resemblance in the eyes. Chartreuse green is not a typical eye color, to say the least. When we were kids, we convinced our classmates that we were part alien."
"So you set us up, unbelievable!" Katrin exclaimed. Sickness rushed to her stomach as she thought about everything that had transpired since they arrived at Claudia's mansion. Justin and Marco stood up with concern as Katrin's raised voice reverberated through the room.
"Katrin, I assure you that Felicia and I haven't spoken in years. She cut me out of her life shortly after she married into that powerful family. She didn't want to be associated with my now ex-husband and his dirty dealings. Her new family is too politically sensitive. I've spent many sad years wondering how I could reconnect with her," Claudia explained with an unexpected and convincing vulnerability that took Katrin by surprise.
Katrin stood speechless for several moments and stared back at Claudia as she tried to process the explanation. "How could this happen? There are millions of people in this city and I just happen to run intoyou?"
"Katrin, don't be ridiculous. You know as well as anyone that when it comes to sexual adventuring, this is averysmall city. Suburbs included."
"Well, regardless, your crazy twin is out to destroy me."
"That doesn't surprise me," Claudia replied knowingly. "She doesn't like competition. No one could possibly understand this more than her twin sister. Despite our issues, I do very much admire her business from afar. That's what gave me the idea to look up a competing outfit to entertain my guests this evening. Lord knows I wouldn't ask my estranged sister to come here and ruin my fun. Why not bolster her competition and overcompensate them for their workshop instead?"
"I appreciate the compensation, but we didn't do anything that remotely resembled my workshop, Claudia," Katrin corrected with irritation.
"Oh, I realize that. When I saw you and your adorable entourage at the door this evening I just couldn't help myself. You were fresh meat and I apologize for taking advantage. If it's any consolation, I do hope you'll walk out that door a much stronger woman. You could have left any time you wanted but, to my relief you opted to be willing putty in my hands."
"Thanks for reminding me," Katrin frowned in embarrassment, "and thanks for the weirdest night of my life."
"Good night, girls. I wish BJ Bliss the best of luck. Safe travels." Claudia made her way across the balcony and disappeared into the dark lonely hallway.
"Katrin, I didn't drink a drop tonight," Justin assured her as she and Holly descended down the stairs. "I can drive us home."
"Thank you, Justin," Katrin replied with a warm smile and a hug. "I just met all of you and now, I don't know what I would do without you guys," she blurted with sudden emotion with tears swelling in her eyes. She made her way over to Marco for a hug, clinging on to him and resting her head on his shoulder. She never imagined that the first official night of workshops would have left her so exposed and vulnerable in front of her employees.
"Katrin, you're exhausted. Marco will help you to the car." He swiftly picked her up and carried her towards the front entrance while Justin rushed to hold the door open.
"Marco," Katrin laughed, "I can walk." She held on tightly and decided there was no harm in taking him up on the offer. Marco descended the outside stairway and approached the car as Katrin went comfortably limp in his arms and enjoyed the ride.
"Don't forget your tips!" Holly reminded Justin as she rushed over to grab the envelope that he had forgotten on the chair.
"Thanks, kid," Justin said with a wink. "Are you okay? I'm sorry things got so crazy tonight."
"I'm great," Holly reassured him. "This was the best night of my life."
****
The trip home was a blur. Before Katrin knew it, she found herself in bed quickly drifting to sleep and twitching under her comforter. She emerged in Claudia's dark mansion hallway crawling helplessly onto her hands and knees. The familiar red carpet extended endlessly, flanked by anonymous doors. She struggled to get to her feet and whimpered in frustration as the amplified gravity tormented her. While looking for an escape in her slow-motion panic, the hallway doors cracked open at once before her invitingly, each casting a dreadful crack of light with the sweet promise of terror.
The doorway at the farthest end of the hall drew her in as she fought back hopelessly. The room flickered with bright light and droning hum. She clenched her tearing eyes shut as she clung to the door frame. Her fingernails tore across the paint and splintered the wood as she was sucked through by an invisible force into the room.
Katrin shot up from her bed with a yelp, covered in sweat. Her heart slammed against her chest as her eyes slowly adjusted to the familiar glowing blue, street-lit interior of her bedroom. She tossed and turned uncomfortably for hours, struggling to fall back asleep and simultaneously hoping not to.
****
Katrin finally awoke late Saturday morning with the warm glow of sunlight on her face and comfortably stretched and yawned under her fluffy down blanket. As she sat up, the reality of the previous evening rushed back to her: the decadent mansion, the swarm of lingerie-clad bodies, the public humiliation, and the unforgettable pleasure that still seemed to be ringing through her body.
Amidst a plethora of sore muscles and a groggy head, her attention was drawn to persistent rumble in her stomach. It dawned on her that she required nothing short of the biggest fucking breakfast that the city had to offer.
"Yes, breakfast," Katrin explained to Malena on phone as she paced across her apartment in her underwear. "No brunch bullshit—twenty-dollar french toast with a side of nothing won't do. Let's go to Esther's."
"Okay, if you insist," Malena said with a laugh on the other end of the phone. "I'll meet you in Andersonville but next weekend we're going out for some chilaquiles, mamacita."
"Deal," Katrin agreed as she struggled to pull up her jeans with one hand, fell backward, and thudded her against the hardwood floor in comical fashion.
****
Katrin regaled Malena with details of the previous night's divorce party in between bites of a giant cinnamon roll—just one of the three sides that accompanied her sausage and jarlsberg cheese omelet—as Malena listened on in shock.
"You are officially the wildest slut that I know. You completely put me to shame," Malena said with a nod of humble defeat, "and with Felicia's twin sister. Un-fucking-believable."
"Yeah," Katrin agreed with a hint of pride. "I don't know how we could have possibly let it all happen. She totally hypnotized us."
"I didn't know you were a squirter. I need to know these things," Malena added loudly, causing a nearby couple to turn their heads while Katrin blushed in embarrassment.
"I'm not. It was all Claudia. I can't get her out of my head. I had this nightmare about being trapped in her mansion last night. It almost gave me a heart attack."
"Are you going back to let her punish you in her basement dungeon?"
"Oh, I don't think I'm ready for that," Katrin confessed. "Holly seemed very interested, though."
"MyHolly?! I found her first, damn it," Malena grumbled. "I don't like this Claudia and Felicia business, something is definitely up."
"Claudia seemed genuinely sad to talk about her sister. I'm going to take her word for it," Katrin decided. "So what's new with you? Did anything interesting happen while we the rest of us were on a suburban odyssey through the heart of darkness?" she asked, eager to get out of the spotlight and dig into her breakfast more thoroughly.
"Not really," Malena replied as she picked at her food and summarized in a bored tone, "We've got one new BJ workshop appointment. Felicia's goon broke into the office. I beat the fuck out of him and almost showed him my pussy for fun. Panos came down and changed the locks."
Katrin stared back with a dropped jaw as a piece of her omelet fell from her mouth and plopped on to her plate.
"Oh, and I bought a hot tub for the office!" Malena exclaimed as her face lit up, "A fucking badass hot tub, Katrin."
****
Katrin stumbled back into her apartment around noon, thoroughly satisfied by her big breakfast, and crashed on to her bed. She began to doze off when her phone chirped with a new text from Peter:I look forward to seeing you at 8.
Katrin sprung up in terror.Fuck me, I have a date!
See you then!, she replied before subsequently tearing through her dresser to find a suitable outfit. She spent an hour trying on clothes and cursing at her wardrobe before setting out on an epic three hour shopping trip, only to return empty-handed. The orange glow of the retreating afternoon sun filled her with dread as time continued to run out and she still didn't have anything to wear.
Katrin calmed herself with a soothing hot shower and thought back to her previous evening with Danica, the bubbly lingerie boutique owner.Primary colors. I look good in primary colors, damn it.
Suddenly, she remembered her cute little sleeveless yellow dress, which she had packed away during the winter along with the other summer dresses. She quickly dried off and scuttled naked across her hardwood floor to dig it out. After slipping on a silky black thong, she pulled up the dress and checked herself out in front of the mirror. To her relief, it was a bold, eye-catching look with her long golden hair shimmering over the straps.
Katrin slipped on a pair of nude-colored heels and breathed a sigh of relief. She imagined Peter wearing grey and blue, the only colors that she has seen him in, and appreciated her choice even more.Blue and yellow, what a perfect spring couple!Katrin mused and then immediately countered withShut up, what is wrong with you?
Katrin pulled her glasses on and off repeatedly in front of the mirror and eventually decided to go without them. She put in a fresh pair of contacts and began working on her makeup.
****
Peter pulled up in front of Katrin's building in his shiny metallic-grey sports car at 8pm exactly. Katrin greeted him with a smile as she exited the front door and looked him over. He was dressed in brown leather shoes, beige pants, and a brown blazer over an ivory shirt. Katrin was very impressed, although disappointed that they did not color compliment as she had expected.Brown and yellow? Gross.
Katrin and Peter shared a lingering hug and he took in an aromatic dose of her perfume. He swiftly opened the passenger door of his car and Katrin slid on to the comfortable leather interior.
"Nice car. Do you spend a lot of time riding other driver's asses and intimidating my fellow cyclists?"
"I guess you are about to find out," Peter replied, smiling at her not-so-subtle dig.
"Can I ask where we are going this evening?" Katrin inquired as Peter started up the car.
"Do you like Korean?"
"Ah, sure," Katrin replied as she tried not to look as unimpressed as she felt. Peter coasted down the street towards the city skyline encountering a series of stop lights along the way. He drove very considerately, attempting not to confirm Katrin's aforementioned stereotype, as they passed by the modest storefronts of her neighborhood.
"They sell live chickens over there," Katrin pointed out with enthusiasm as they passed by a faded yellow building with a rusty security gate.
"Oh, really?"
"Yeah," Katrin continued awkwardly. "So now you know where to get them. Live chickens."
"Thanks, Katrin. Good to know."
"So are we going to grill our own food this evening?" Katrin countered, to put the pressure back on Peter.
"No, definitely not, you'll see. It's actually a fusion place, the chef is Korean," he explained as he turned on to a busy street, lined with trendy restaurants. The sidewalk patio seating had begun to crop up in response to the unusually warm spring weather.
Katrin looked out and admired a sea of short skirts, high heels, and handsome button-up shirts as they slowly drove through the main drag of restaurants. Peter continued on until the pedestrian traffic thinned out and pulled up to a large building at the end of the street. He walked over to Katrin's door to let her out before passing off his keys to the valet attendant.
Katrin eyed the impressive, anonymous looking brick building that seemed to be brimming with glamorous night life inside. As they stepped through the front door, Peter guided her through a large group of patrons who waited impatiently for a table. He said hello to the attractive young hostess and she returned a knowing smile before escorting them through the main dining room.
A view of interior revealed a chic repurposed warehouse with a lofty ceiling that stretched up two stories, making the packed restaurant feel less cramped. The servers hurried around in modish aprons through tables of diners who sipped on exotic cocktails.
The hostess escorted them to a tall table in front of the open kitchen. Before they could take their seats, the Chef called out to Peter and approached to shake hands and pat him on the shoulder affectionately.
"Katrin, meet Chan-wook," Peter said.
"Nice to meet you. I'm sorry, what was your name again?" Katrin asked in embarrassment.
"For you, it's David!" Chan-wook said with a loud chuckle as he shook Katrin's hand. Peter laughed quietly to himself and gave Katrin a reassuring smile.
"I've got you right in front of the kitchen tonight," Chan-wook said proudly. "I'm going to send out a little bit of everything. Are there any allergies or restrictions?
"No allergies, I eat everything," Katrin boasted.
"That is what I like to hear," Chan-wook said appreciatively. "It was very nice meeting you, Katrin. Peter, thanks for coming. I'll see you soon." He rushed back to work and left them to enjoy their VIP table.
"I think I've seen this place on TV. You know—the show where they bring in a new group of locals every week to review their favorite restaurants?" Katrin took her seat facing the other restaurant guests, with her back to the kitchen.
"Yeah, I'm not surprised. Chan-wook, or David as you know him, has at least three restaurants now. They're all doing really well."
"I'm sorry, it's loud in here, I couldn't hear his name," Katrin defended, causing Peter to laugh. She scrunched her eyes in playful anger.
"Are you sure you don't want to face the kitchen? We can trade spots," Peter offered.
"No," Katrin refused with a raised eyebrow, "I'm not giving up my people-watching spot."
The waitress approached showing off her colorful arm tattoos, jet black hair, and milky-white bust line as she took their drink orders. As Katrin made her selection, she watched closely and tried, unsuccessfully, to catch Peter taking a glimpse at the waitress's cleavage.He's good, she noted.
"How do you know the chef? Chef David," Katrin added with a smirk as she crossed her legs and adjusted her posture.
"We went to high school together on the northwest side. Did you grow up in the city?"
"No, actually. I'm from Sarasota, Florida," Katrin replied. Her voice gave away an almost undetectable southern accent whenever she pronounced her home town.
"That must have been an interesting place to grow up," Peter commented with curiosity.
"I'll say. Pee-Wee Herman was arrested there for jerking off in a movie theater. I cried when my mom told me about it. That was my favorite show. I told her I don't care what he did, I love him!" Katrin divulged as she laughed to herself. She immediately felt awkward from digging up such an intimate memory.Good move, that wasn't weird at all.She pivoted before Peter could react. "Believe it or not they've got a sizable Swedish community, which is how my mom ended up there."
The waitress returned with their drinks and Katrin eagerly sipped on a delicious sake-based cocktail garnished with basil. "I love this," she said as she nervously slurped on the aromatic drink.
"So what could have possibly compelled you to leave the Sunshine State for the Windy City?" Peter asked before enjoying a taste of his rye whisky cocktail.
"I moved for college and I've been here ever since. Believe it or not I majored in Biological Anthropology. I didn't follow through and go to grad school, though. I got lured away by the promise of money in the pharmaceutical sales racket," Katrin confided with disappointment. "They recruited young girls like me and sent us out in short skits to make them a fortune. That's where I met Malena."
"Oh, Malena? Your business partner?" Peter replied coyly.
"Shut up," Katrin said with a knowing laugh as she recalled her eagerness to instigate a two-girl blowjob with Malena the day that he first walked into their office. "But you see, I've come full circle. An anthropological background is not out of place in the blowjob biz. I get to observe the fascinating evidence of evolution every day. Mostly in the form of big cocks blasting loads all over pretty girls," Katrin wittily remarked without realizing that the waitress was standing right at her side with a colorful spread appetizers. Peter laughed quietly to himself and Katrin gave him a dirty look for not warning her.
As soon as the waitress departed, Katrin dug into the food, realizing that she hadn't eaten since breakfast. She started with the succulent braised rib pancake and then followed with a bite of crispy tofu garnished with papaya and pink pickled onion.
"I never thought I could go crazy over tofu," Katrin confessed, "but this is one of the best things I've ever had." Peter was relieved to hear that she was impressed.
"So what were you saying about evolution?" he asked.
"Well, over millions of years, via natural selection, your male ancestors evolved over-sized cocks that are capable of shooting large volumes of semen. The bigger cocks and bigger loads were more likely to impregnate the females in their group, so those traits were passed on. Here we sit in the 21st century with overpopulation and you're still slinging around these bazookas between your legs and armed with the urge to fire it off multiple times a day. Biologically speaking, it is total overkill. Also, it's very messy."Shut up, Katrin. You're talking too much and giving him the upper hand, she cringed to herself.
"That's very fascinating," Peter replied as he pondered the loaded explanation.
"Well, this is the reality that girls face, if they want to be with men," Katrin summarized. "At some point you've got to come to terms with that ridiculous organ, in one way or another. As you already know, I'm keen on one particular solution."
"And what's that?"
"Duh, to suck it. And to teach others how to suck it."
"I see," Peter chuckled. "So, how are the workshops going?"
"Ah, good," Katrin replied with a telling crack in her voice as she envisioned Claudia's haunting green eyes drilling into her from miles away. "It's been an adventure." She quickly looked around the restaurant in sudden irrational fit of paranoia.
"I can only imagine," Peter remarked.
Katrin was relieved to see the waitress approach with more plates of food and hoped that the conversation could be over. She was not at all ready to discuss her previous night's experience at Claudia's mansion with Peter. She focused instead on a pile of tea-smoked duck breast, stuffing it into delicate steamed buns before stuffing it into her face. She savored several bites and then turned the spotlight on Peter.
"So how is it that a handsome, professional man, with a panty-soaking car is single?"
"That is a fair question, Katrin," Peter responded dryly, causing her to let out a laugh. "The truth is, I've only been single for a few months. I recently moved out into my own place."
"I'm sorry, that must have been difficult. Breaking up and moving out is a hard thing to go through."
"Yes it is," he confirmed as he finished the last sip of his drink. "The upside is that my business picked up and I closed on a condo of my own."
"I'm very interested in this condo of yours, is it in the loop?"
"West of the loop, not very many blocks from here actually."
"Well, how convenient," Katrin replied with a smirk, "we just happen to be eatinghereand you just happen to live close by. Well played."
"My neighborhood justhappensto have the best restaurants," Peter defended. "I would never impose. But now that you mentioned it, if you're interested in breathtaking views of the city skyline on a private deck, it can be arranged."
"Oh can it?" Katrin toyed, hoping to make him squirm. "Why don't you get that sexy waitress's attention and order me another drink. Then we'll see."
"Sexy?"
"Don't play coy with me," Katrin laughed.
"Katrin, I have to confess, I am really picky."
"Oh are you?"
"Yes. I prefer skinny, athletic, beautiful blondes. I'm very close-minded."
"Interesting," Katrin blushed. "And if one of those blondes just so happened to be the foremost blowjob expert in the city?"
"That couldn't hurt."
"No, it couldn't. Quite the opposite," Katrin remarked suggestively as she looked into his hazel eyes. He reached across the table and took her hands into his. They shared a brief quiet moment before the next course approached the table.
****
Peter and Katrin walked out of his building elevator into a spacious hallway. A couple of young modelesque women, who were dressed scantily for the club, claimed the empty elevator and smiled at Peter as the doors shut.
"Nice neighbors," Katrin said with a hint of jealousy. "Do they ever come over to borrow a cup of sugar?"
"No, I've never seen them before."
"Sure, you haven't," Katrin joked.
Peter unlocked his door to reveal a breathtaking loft with exposed brick walls and views of the city skyline through his living room windows. His kitchen glimmered with stainless steel counters and cabinets. The entire place was spotless.
"This is nice," Katrin said with her best poker face. "I like the brick. The view is just okay. I'll bet you don't get free radiator heat like I do."
"Thanks, Katrin. And no, I don't get free radiator heat," he confirmed. He pulled off his jacket and hung it carefully on a kitchen chair.
"Sucker," Katrin remarked. She walked through his living room and immediately gravitated towards the bookshelf.
"Are you snooping at my books? You might be disappointed. There are a lot of legal and accounting texts in there."
Katrin's eyes lit up and she pulled a choice selection from the shelf with a devious smile. "Peter, I never would have guessed," she said as she flipped the cover towards him to reveal a copy of the bestselling young adult novelTwilight.
"Wait a minute," he defended, stepping up behind her. "I can explain. Someone bought that for me and I never even read—"
"Oh no you don't!" she teased. "Lies. All lies. Just admit that you are a teenage girl at heart and I'll promise to keep your dirty little secret."
"Okay, whatever you say," he said as he attempted to grab the book from Katrin's hand. "I'm a teenage girl at heart." Katrin held on tightly and tested his strength. He moved in closer and looked deeply into her eyes. His chest pressed against hers and his arm muscles tensed as he pulled against the book.
Katrin struggled to maintain her grip and pushed her hand against his shoulder for leverage. Peter responded by reaching around softly touching her back. He lowered his head to hers and she looked back at him as their lips hovered dangerously close. Peter made the final move and pressed his lips against hers. They kissed softly as he continued to move his hand down the yellow fabric of her dress. His tongue gently entered her mouth as his hand slid to the back of her naked thigh, and moved slowly up and under her dress.
Suddenly, Peter ripped away the book from Katrin's hand. He walked over to the shelf and placed it neatly back into position. "Would you like a drink?"
"Yes, I'll have a drink," Katrin replied with playful scorn as she recovered from the intense interaction with a deep breath. "Can you show me to the bathroom?"
Katrin marveled at the crisp clean interior of the bathroom and the large transparent glass shower door. She couldn't help but to peek into the cabinet under the sink and see if he was hiding any "reading" material.Nothing. He's good. Too good, she thought. She stood up to check her makeup in the mirror.
Katrin made her way back through the living room and could see that the sliding door was open. Peter stood on the skyline deck where he poured from a bottle into two small glasses. His ivory shirt was rolled up to his forearms and a few buttons were buttons were popped open in front to take in more of the unseasonably warm weather.
"What are we drinking?" Katrin inquired as she stepped out onto the eleventh floor deck and felt the exhilarating breeze on her face.
"This is an oak-aged icewine for dessert," Peter explained.
Katrin admired the custom glassware and the soft yellow wine as she looked at it amidst the twinkling backdrop of the city lights. She took a sip and enjoyed the sweet taste.
"Are you a wine guy, Peter?" Katrin asked teasingly.
"I have a wine fridge on my counter, so I guess that makes me a wine guy," he replied after taking a sip of the icewine. "So you're Swedish, huh? I didn't have any Aquavit for you, but your people like ice right?"
"Very funny. I'm actually half-Swedish, half-German but don't tell anyone. I get a secret discount every year at the annual yuleborg," she replied as she tasted another sip of wine.
"I don't think I've ever really enjoyed an icewine before now. I like port," Katrin commented, "but this is pretty good." Peter moved to Katrin's side and held her around the waist as they looked out over the city and sipped from their glasses.
"So tell me, Katrin. How is it possible that a beautiful, successful blowjob instructor is still on the market?" She turned and looked at him with a raised eyebrow. "Hey, you asked me first," he defended.
"Well, I've actually shied away from relationships since I started running the business. I keep running into warning signs from guys that I date."
"I see," Peter replied considerately. "What are these warning signs?"
"Well," Katrin began with a nervous gulp, "any talk that marginalizes my business or makes it sound like a temporary fling. You know, like I have to give it up when we get serious. "
"I'm all clear on that one. I'm helping you with a five-year plan."
"Yes, you are," Katrin replied warmly, "and I really appreciate it." Her expression suddenly turned nervous as she looked away from Peter and out over the city while she finished the rest of her drink in a single gulp.
"The other warning sign is," she continued hesitantly, "the rules that my boyfriends have created about how I run my workshops and what I can and can't do in my demonstrations. Especially, if there are other guys in them."
"And what do you do in your demonstrations that's so concerning?" Peter asked as he rested his elbow against the railing and turned to her.
"Well, I show girls how to suck cock, of course. I'm basically participating in a form of group sex. Sometimes it goes a little too far, I'll admit, and I participate...directly." Katrin's confession made her heart begin to pound nervously. She suffered through several seconds of silence and looked out over the city, awaiting Peter's reaction.
"Wow. I have to say, that is pretty hot," he replied sincerely.
"Really?" Katrin replied as she turned to read his expression. Peter seemed completely unfazed. Katrin could feel tears swelling at her eyes. She wasn't sorry or ashamed for anything that she has done, just hoping that her honesty wouldn't scare off yet another man in her life. Peter moved in closely to comfort her with an arm around her shoulder.
"I have to confess, I think about your workshops all the time," he admitted as he looked her deeply in the eyes.
"You do?" she replied fearfully.
"Yes. I keep imagining you and a room full of girls playing with the male models and it drives me crazy."
"Crazy? As in mad?"
"No. It turns me on," he assured her.
"Really?" Katrin replied with relief.
"Yes, really."
"Peter, we do some naughty stuff in my workshops."
"Why don't you tell me about it," he proposed intensely as he pressed his body against hers and moved in to kiss her on the neck. "Tell me a naughty story." Katrin's back was pressed against the metal railing of the deck and she was exhilarated to think about the eleven-story drop to the street behind her.
Peter held her tightly around the waist and pressed his wet lips against her ear. She moaned and quivered with sensation as his tongue worked around her earlobe and down to her neck. She felt his hands working their way up her dress, grazing her ribcage on the way to her breasts. His breath warmed her neck and the feel of his strong hands had her soaking wet.
Katrin breathed heavily in anticipation as his hands burrowed under the straps of her dress and slowly pulled them down over her shoulders. The mild breeze whipped across her exposed chest and her nipples pointed out excitedly. She worried about the neighboring buildings and decks and decided to keep her eyes shut.Let them watch.
Peter's lips connected with hers and their tongues finally intertwined with abandon for the first time while his hands explored her exposed nipples. He kissed and sucked on her upper lip, sending a shock of sensations through her body, and then kissed her chin and neck on his way down to her chest.
"Tell me a story, Katrin. Tell me about your workshops," Peter insisted. He put his mouth over Katrin's breast and circled his tongue around her erect nipple.
"Okay." Katrin braced herself. "We did a bridal shower yesterday with a bunch of college girls. They were all very pretty and enthusiastic." Peter smiled up at her encouragingly and worked his tongue across her other breast as she continued.
"I showed them all how to deepthroat with dildos and then I brought out the models."
"What did you have them do to the models?" Peter asked as he slid his warm hands under her dress and slowly up her thighs. He dropped to his knees and enjoyed the feel her firm ass and slowly worked his hands forward to admire the smooth skin of her bikini area. He softly pressed his nose and lips against her and enjoyed her scent as she soaked the edges of the fabric. His tongue slowly circled her exposed skin, withholding direct sexual contact and making her ache for it. Katrin moaned in anticipation and continued her story.
"I split them into two different teams," Katrin continued as she breathed heavily in anticipation. She desperately wanted to feel his tongue and decided to skip right to the good stuff.
"They teamed up on the models and sucked on their cocks and balls while Holly and I watched. It made us really horny and wet. Holly was gripping my arm, she'd never seen anything like it," Katrin explained.
"Did your bachelorettes make them cum?" Peter asked, implying that he was holding her pleasure hostage. He squeezed her engorged labia softly, over the soaked silk of her panties, and looked up, hoping to hear more.
"They sucked off one of the models until he splattered all over them." Katrin felt Peter pull the fabric of her panties to the side and a cool breeze tingled across her wet crotch. She gasped in pleasure as Peter's tongue slowly circled around her swollen folds of her pussy. He dragged his tongue up her slit and eagerly tasted her gushing wetness while she moaned loudly from their very public location. Her breathing quickened and she looked down in suspense as he continually traced her pussy lips, stopping just short of her protruding clit. He pressed the length of his tongue firmly against her and held it for several seconds while she struggled to continue her story.
"They took pictures, posing with cum dripping all over their faces, and they took turns swapping it between their mouths, it was crazy. All six of them gathered their faces together for the next cumshot and it was even messier."
Peter suddenly stood up, grabbed her by the shoulders and turned her towards the deck. Katrin opened her eyes to see the view of the twinkling skyline as she clutched the deck railing tightly. She felt Peter's hard cock pressing against her ass through his pants and his finger gently gliding between her legs.
"Does it turn you on to watch other girls play with cum?" Peter asked Katrin softly in her ear.
"Yes," she admitted. "I was so fucking wet. I wanted to touch myself while I watched."
"Do you think Holly would have joined you?"
"Yes, she was really horny." Katrin replied. She suddenly felt the courage to confess her other activities of the previous evening. "The next workshop was even crazier. Holly and I went into a bedroom with the hostess and the three of us fucked each other with toys and ate each other's pussies."
Peter was genuinely surprised and listened on intently as he rubbed her wet slit from behind and pressed his chest against her back. "You're kidding?"
"No, I'm not. That was nothing," Katrin assured him. "The party was a big orgy. All the women were wearing lingerie, including me. They sucked and fucked the models right in the middle of the party and towards the end I joined in."
Peter couldn't believe what he was hearing. It turned him on immensely to know what Katrin was capable of. He felt her gushing wetness against his fingers as she made her confession and rubbed her intently with his hard-on pressed firmly into the crack of her ass.
"I didn't fuck any of the guys, but the orgy ended with all of them lining up and cumming on my face. The hostess encouraged them. She rubbed it all over me and fucked me in the ass with a strap-on in front of everyone. She treated me like her personal sex slave and I liked it." Katrin's heart was pounding. The confession was exhilarating and she didn't care about the consequences anymore. She restlessly moved her crotch against Peter's hand.
To Katrin's surprise Peter was not deterred and seemed to grow harder with every detail. He dropped to his knees and put his head under Katrin's dress. He pulled aside the thin strip of fabric from her thong and slowly slid his tongue up the crack of her ass. Katrin moaned loudly and bent forward against the railing, encouraging him to continue. He slowly circled his tongue around her asshole and slid one of his fingers into her welcoming wet pussy to massage her g-spot.
"Oh!" Katrin exclaimed as she trembled from the pleasure of Peter's penetrating move. His wet tongue relentlessly teased her asshole as he rubbed her from the inside with his finger and massaged her clit with his thumb. He grabbed her by the hips and turned her around so that she was facing him. He unleashed a rhythmic wave of tongue strokes against her clit and maintained firm pressure inside her. She clenched her pelvis and quivered against his penetrating fingers as she climaxed.
Katrin's body tingled with relief as she took in a deep breath and regained her composure. She turned her head to see two couples drinking beers and watching the show from a nearby rooftop patio.
"Shit," Katrin blurted as she pulled the straps of her dress over her breasts. "How long have they been there?!"
Peter stood up and quickly spotted the neighboring spectators. From what he could see it appeared to be two women and two men, enjoying the view with drinks in hand and distanced enough so that they could not make out their faces.
"I'm sorry, Katrin. Honestly, it is normally pretty quiet around here, even on Saturday."
"I was just surprised, that's all. We don't have to stop," Katrin encouraged, still glowing with lust.
"Okay?" Peter said hesitantly. The spectators from the roof, knowing that they had been spotted, started booing from the lack of activity and Peter smiled at Katrin. "I think they want to see more."
"I have an idea," Katrin offered as she reached down to unbuckle Peter's belt. She pulled him over towards the sliding door and sat in a chair in front of him. The young couples on the rooftop patio cheered as Katrin unzipped Peter's pants and pulled down his boxer briefs. She massaged his growing cock and tightening scrotum in her hands and looked up at him with excitement.
"Do you think they want to see me suck it?"
"I'm sure they do," Peter replied.
"Okay, I don't want to disappoint." Katrin slowly eased Peter's shaft past her pursed lips and felt him growing harder against the roof of her mouth. She ran the point of her tongue from the base of his shaft up to the sensitive area under his engorged head and turned to see the audience was still watching. With a firm grip on his cock she lowered down to suck on his balls and rolled them around in her mouth one by one.
"Yes!" a man called out encouragingly from the roof. Katrin swiveled her tongue around Peter's sack until it swelled up tightly in her mouth. She wrapped her lips around his cock again, buried all eight inches of him deep into her throat, and lunged relentlessly while he groaned with approval.
Peter felt warm drips of spit leaking down to his balls as Katrin devoured him. Her hot breath washed over his manhood as she gasped for air and tugged on his sack.
"What do you want to do to me?" Katrin asked as she pulled back from his shiny hard cock and tapped it against her cheek playfully. She looked up in anticipation and teasingly rubbed his engorged head across the tip of her nose.
"I want to feel myself inside you for the first time," he replied.
"How should we do it?"
"I'll push you against the railing and fuck you from behind."
"Okay!" Katrin agreed. She was dripping wet with excitement and appreciated his assertive and specific suggestion. She quickly hopped up and held on tightly to the railing. She looked over at the young couples on the roof and saw that they were still enjoying the show. Peter lifted up her skirt and pulled her thong slowly down her ass and let it drop to her heels.
"Go ahead and fuck me," Katrin encouraged as she looked back over her shoulder and anticipated the penetration. Peter eased forward and ran his length along her wet slit, allowing his head to tease her clit as he slid back and forth and covering himself in her juices.
"Please," Katrin begged. She quivered from repeated strokes of his swollen head against her clit. He finally aimed for insertion and enjoyed the warm tight sensation as she enveloped his head deep into her folds. Katrin moaned with approval and rocked her hips.
As Peter plunged in deeper he looked down to enjoy the sight his wet shaft as she soaked him. He reached a hand across her inner thighs as he pumped her with his hard cock.
"Yes!" Katrin encouraged as she trembled from the sensations. Peter massaged his finger over her clit while she moaned approvingly and clenched his thickness with her impressive pelvic strength. Katrin felt the rush of an orgasm and held the railing tightly as pleasure surged through her body once again. She looked out over the remarkable city skyline and enjoyed continued intense orgasmic contractions as she slowly eased off of his erection.
Noticing that they still had a captive audience, Katrin quickly spun around and dropped to her knees as the spectators yelled out in encouragement. Peter's cock was throbbing hard in front of her face and wet with her juices. She ran her tongue up and down his shaft and tasted her own pleasant glaze as she smiled up at him.
"Will you fuck my face and cum down my throat?" Katrin begged, still trembling from her orgasm.
Peter looked down in surprise and then over at the two couples who watched on from the rooftop.
"Go ahead, I want you to use me," Katrin encouraged as she opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. He eased his cock past her lips and she swirled her tongue around his shaft and he buried himself deeper into her mouth. He held on to her golden hair tightly and thrust hard into her throat, as requested.
"You can go harder," Katrin encouraged. He backed out of her mouth and admired the string of sticky spit that connected her lower lip to his throbbing head. "I want to taste you and swallow your cum," she begged. "Give it to me, please."
Peter continued to fuck her face with hard deep lunges into her throat. His balls tightened up in her hand as she gently massaged and pulled on them. He couldn't believe how unfazed Katrin's expression was as he buried himself a deep as he could go. She seemed to have no gag reflex at all and her blue eyes were sparkling with pleasure. She held on to his ass and pulled him closely.
"Almost there," Peter warned as he continuously lunged inside of Katrin's throat and felt her fingers working relentlessly over his balls. He grunted loudly and thick shots of cum spurted out of him and poured down Katrin's throat. She pulled him out half way and hugged his shaft firmly with her lips as she gulped down his load. Finally, she slowly removed him all the way and swirled his head with her puckered lips. She took a deep satisfied breath.
Peter continued to dribble out as Katrin held his shaft in her hand and looked on with lust. She quickly extended her tongue to catch the last few drops and slurped on the tip of his head for any remaining fluids. She rolled his seed around on her tongue before swallowing and looking up at him with a proud smile. The couples on the rooftop cheered at the exciting finish and Katrin laughed as she stood up and turned to give them a bow.
"What's your number?" one of the male spectators called out as his female companion slugged him on the arm.
Peter and Katrin quickly headed inside, causing the spectators to boo and chant for more. Peter pulled the sliding door shut, cutting off the outside noise, and zipped up his pants.
"That was fun," Peter said.
"Yes, it was," Katrin agreed as she moved in closely. He gave her a soft kiss on the lips and held her close to his chest.
"You can stay if you like?" he suggested quietly in her ear.
"I'm sorry," Katrin replied as she slowly backed off, "I think I should get back home, but thanks for the offer." He looked disappointed.
"No worries, I definitely understand. I'll give you a ride."
"It's just that I desperately need some sleep," Katrin explained, "and if I stay here, I'm not going to keep my hands off of you."
"Okay, but let me at least send you home with a gift." He pulled his shameful copy ofTwilightfrom the bookshelf and handed it over.
****
Peter and Katrin cruised down the street in his car and admired the blurred colorful city lights through intermittent drops of pattering rain against the windshield.
"I'd like to see you again, if you're interested," Peter said. "Socially, I mean."
"Yes," Katrin replied with a smile. "I would be interested in seeing you socially as well as professionally. Did you really mean what you said earlier about my work?"
"What did I say?" He laughed, still reeling from the hot balcony sex and struggling to recollect anything else.
"That my work doesn't make you jealous and that it turns you on," Katrin replied. She was suddenly worried that she might have misinterpreted.
"Of course it makes me jealous. But I like it. Jealousy can be a good thing you know?"
"That is a very mature way of looking at things," Katrin replied with relief. "I hate to admit that I wouldn't feel the same way if you were running cunnilingus classes. Which, I might add, you are very qualified for."
"That's okay. Everyone's different, you know?"
"Yeah, I know," she said. "It's just that I have jealousy issues, but I need so much freedom for myself. I'm a hypocrite."
Peter slowed down and pulled over in front of Katrin's building. "You're not a hypocrite," he remarked sincerely. He turned to look her in the eyes. "You're one of the most amazing people I've ever met."
Katrin melted in her seat and looked over vulnerably at Peter. "Thank you," she replied, trying to keep her cool. "You are pretty amazing yourself." They both leaned in and shared a soft comforting kiss. Peter quickly hopped out and opened Katrin's door for her.
"Such a gentlemen," she commented as he escorted her out of the car. They stood across from each other on the sidewalk hand-in-hand as the sprinkling rain began to pour down harder.
"I'll see you soon, Katrin," Peter said as he backed off with his hands slowly sliding away from hers. "Have a good night."
"Good night, Peter."
Katrin watched him walk away and collect dark wet drops of rain across his shirt before hopping back into the car. She stood for several moments after he left and headed upstairs for a much needed night of sleep.
****
Falling rain pattered steadily against Katrin's bedroom window as she drifted off to sleep in the comfort of her bed. Her senses were slowly overwhelmed with waves of dread as she found herself back in Claudia's empty mansion hallway. Roaring thunder from the very real evening storm penetrated her subconscious landscape as she floated through the hallway past a series of doorways. She found herself back at the end of the hallway, face-to-face with an ominous door and desperately tried to avoid passing through it.
As she emerged on the other side, she was temporarily blinded by bright sunlit bedroom. Her smiling gorgeous mother greeted her in a familiar thick accent. "Come in Kah-trin, we were hoping you would join us," her mother invited warmly, filling Katrin with bittersweet nostalgia. Katrin noticed that her mother appeared nearly twenty years younger, tan and vibrant with shimmering blonde hair.
Katrin stepped forward and noticed to her surprise that her feet were sporting ugly worn sneakers that she had not seen since she was eighteen years old. The pleasant sunny room of her distant memory was shadowed by continuing ominous claps of thunder. Her mother beckoned her to come closer and join her in unbuckling Peter's belt as he stood by the side of the bed. Katrin covered her mouth in shock and tried to look away as her youthful mother playfully admired Peter's growing erection under the fabric of his pants. They laughed and encouraged teenage Katrin to join in as she helplessly resisted their pull.
Katrin's apartment shook with a devastating explosion of thunder and she shot up from her sleep in panic.For fuck's sake, she lamented with tears of stress as she fell back on her pillow. I just wanted to teach people how to give blowjobs. Why does it have to be so complicated?
****
Katrin spent Sunday lying around her apartment as she attempted to recover from the events of the last few days. She checked her phone regularly hoping to hear from Peter, or anyone at all, and moped around all afternoon snacking on the sparse contents of her pantry and fridge. Later that evening, she browsed the contacts in her phone and hovered over her mother for several minutes before chickening out and putting it away.
When Monday morning finally arrived, Katrin was eager to start a fresh work week and put troubling thoughts out of her mind. She put together a sexy business casual outfit with a black knee-length skirt and sheer stockings and slipped on her glasses before heading downstairs to her office to make a fresh pot of coffee.
Katrin did a double-take as she looked out into the main office area to see a large hot tub that had been set up against the wall.Wow. I totally forgot that Malena bought a fucking hot tub. Calm down. Don't get mad. Everything is okay. Happy week. Happy week.
"Good morning, Malena!" Katrin greeted with a big grin as Malena entered the front door in another sexy selection from her seemingly endless supply of skin-tight cocktail dresses, this one being dark grey to match the weather.
"Somebody got laid," Malena grumbled as she collapsed her wet umbrella and made her way over to her desk.
"You know, I'd rather not say," Katrin teased boastfully. Malena slowly turned her head exorcist-style to reveal a stupefied, angry glare amidst a clash of thunder.
"Listen," Malena began as she tossed her purse onto her desk without diverting eye contact, "I'm not even going to ask for the details. Oh no. You are going to feed them to me right now like it is my only form of nourishment. It's rainy, it's Monday, and I am not one to be toyed with."
"Well, if it's that important to you!" Katrin laughed. "Why don't you get some coffee and I'll fill you in."
Malena conceded her playful anger and her face lit up with excitement for the impending gossip. She ran over to the coffee pot. She returned immediately with a full cup, hopped up onto Katrin's side of desk, and crossed her legs. "Okay, I'm ready. Go!"
For several minutes Malena ooed and ahhed over the juicy details of Katrin's date with Peter, interrupting frequently with, "shut the fuck up," "get the fuck out," and "what was the square footage?"
"So when is the next date?" Malena asked at the conclusion of the story.
"I don't know. I haven't heard from him. It's only been, like, one day," Katrin defended.
"Clever boy," Malena said with suspicion. "I agree with your assessment, Katrin. He is almost too good. What do you think he's hiding?"
"I don't know. Maybe some guys just have the whole package?"
"Ha!" Malena laughed. "We'll get some dirt on him sooner or later, don't worry."
"I doubt it, but I'll keep you posted."
****
Later that afternoon, Holly entered the office to see Malena and Katrin both working quietly behind their laptops. "Hello!" Holly called out cheerfully as she approached Katrin's desk in a denim jacket and an adorable green dress that contrasted nicely with her red curly hair.
"Holly, it is so nice to see you," Katrin said as she stood up to hug her intern. "I'm really sorry about the divorce party. It got way out of hand. It was dangerous and stupid and I wouldn't have been surprised if you never wanted to see us again." Malena looked over with curiosity at the conversation and listened closely.
"Katrin, don't worry!" Holly assured her. "I had a great time. I'm ready to go out again as soon as we line up another workshop."
"Hey, Katrin," Malena called out. "What do you think about sending Holly to Felicia's workshop in the meanwhile? It's harmless, right?"
Katrin pondered the interesting suggestion and turned back to Holly. "Would you be willing to check out the competition?"
"Of course I will!" Holly replied excitedly.
"We'll reimburse you of course," Malena explained as she approached. "Katrin and I were talking and we want to start booking blowjob workshops in the city. We'd love to know what exactly Studio Trésor is doing so that we can distinguish ourselves."
"That's right," Katrin confirmed. "She sent her goon to snoop on us, so now we're going to return the favor. Wait, I don't mean that you're a goon—"
"Okay," Holly replied with a laugh, "when is the next workshop?"
"Are you free Wednesday night?"
"Absolutely. I'll take good notes, but will try not to look suspicious."
"I'm sorry, I wish I could go myself, but she's already seen me," Malena added, "and if you've ever seen me looking back at you like I want to punch a hole in your face, you'll never forget."
"I've seen that look more than once," Katrin quipped. "Thank you so much for agreeing to do this, Holly. Let's go ahead and get you registered."
"Okay," Holly replied as she removed her jacket and looked across the room curiously. "Is that a hot tub?"
****
"Cover for me," Mika said to her twin sister as she rushed away from the counter of Felicia Trésor's lingerie boutique and up the stairs to the studio. Miho rolled her eyes as she watched Mika dart up the stairs in an incredibly short skirt and black knee-high socks.
"Felicia?" Mika called out as she peeked into the dressing room to see her boss squeezing into a white lacy bra and clasping it behind her back.
"Yes?" Felicia replied. She adjusted the fabric around her pouring cleavage in front of the mirror. She stood bottomless save for lacy white stockings with intricate patterns that swirled up her legs. Her flowing black hair fell over her shoulders and she stared back at herself seductively.
"You'll never guess who registered for the workshop on Wednesday," Mika boasted with a giddy smile.
"No. I won't."
"The BJ Bliss intern, Holly."
Felicia turned and looked at her Japanese-American protégé with wide eyes. "Great work, Mika. Did she suspect that you know who she is?"
"No definitely, not. She registered online. We didn't talk on the phone."
"Well, I suppose we owe Bob a debt of gratitude," Felicia conceded as she turned away from the mirror. "He failed miserably at planting the bug in their office, but he did come through with all the employee details. I wish I could have been there to see that feisty bitch kick his ass. He's 240 lbs of solid muscle and Malena is a busty little Latina in heels. It doesn't add up."
"Yeah," Mika agreed, "but Bob would never hit a girl. Also, he probably liked it. He certainly enjoys the occasional abuse from us, when we aren't sucking him dry."
"Listen," Felicia began as she rested her hand on Mika's shoulder. "I want you to run down and tell your sister to get in touch with him. I need more information on Holly before I decide what to do with her. Bob's little vacation is over."
"Okay, but why Miho? I can do it." Mika frowned.
"I was hoping you can help me out with another situation up here. Did you see that lingerie salesman waiting out in the hallway?"
"Yeah, he's brand new. I guess he took over the sales route?"
"That's right. On your way back up, why don't you ask him if you can try on some samples," Felicia suggested as she batted her eyes.
"I see. Are we trying to get a deal?"
"Oh, we're going to get a deal alright," Felicia replied as she ran her fingers through the colorful blue streak in Mika's hair. "We're going to play dress up and then we'll bring him in here to negotiate."
"Okay," Mika replied with excitement. "Good plan. He's pretty cute."
"Yes he is, and he has no idea what we are capable of doing to him."