Chapter 8 -- Haulover Beach Skating Adventure
Introduction: This is the continued story of Gina who has reverted to her younger days of being quite uninhibited exhibitionism. If you haven't read the earlier installments, you might want to catch up before you proceed. Parts of the stories are based on actual events and memories, like in the days of the Candy Store on A1A, enjoy. Feel free to comment!
It was early on a Tuesday morning and Gina had been up for a while now, but had not bothered to get dressed wearing only a short white lace robe she had been wearing all morning. She was on her third cup of coffee when there was a knock at the front door. Peeking through the window, she saw it was Brian from next doors. She didn't hesitate to open the door to see what he needed.
"Hay Brian, what's up," as she opens the storm door all the way to talk to him.
He just stare for a moment, taking in her body clad only in her sheer robe. "Oh I was wondering if you could help me this morning, all the guys are gone and well, I need to drop my car off and then get to class," he stammers out, her left boob almost completely exposed and distracting him.
"But I see you're not dressed, I'll just reschedule with the dealership."
"Oh its fine, I don't mind, I got nothing planned for today, let me grab my purse," she tells him.
He stares at her wide eyed as she walks to the table, the sheer lace robe barely long enough to cover her bare ass cheeks wiggling as she walks toward the table to grab her things.
"Ms. Gina are, um are you sure, I mean," he tries to tell her.
"Stop being silly, you have seen me in a lot less now haven't you?" she giggles. "I will follow you, but which dealership we going too?"
"Ummm, Striker Chevy off Line Drive." He watches her pull the front door closed heading to her car a bit excited knowing what is not under the robe.
He hurries across the yard to get in his car to head out.
Before pulling out the driveway, while Brian hurries across the yard, she drops the top on her convertible. She catches up with Brian before he gets out of the neighborhood and then follows him to the interstate.
It's a quick ride to the dealership, the wind blowing her robe open a bit more making her grin to herself watching the truckers she passes to see if they notice her. Only one guy does a double take, giving his horn a toot as she keeps up with Brian getting off at the next exit.
Brian pulls into the drive through service bay and hands the guy his keys as they chat for a short time as the service attendant taps away on his tablet. Brian garbs his backpack and a hoover board out the car and hops in the passenger seat.
Brian looking over at Gina as she heads back onto the highway, a bit of her left nipple exposed, as well as her bare "Y" formed by her legs together and flat abdomen, the robe forced open by her thighs, and her sitting in the car seat.
"Ms. Gina, I hope I find a girlfriend like you one day, you are so fucking, I mean friggin awesome," he tells her.
She just laughs at him, "I am just blessed, with this body and an awesome husband who trusts me. Maybe one day you will find the same thing. But if you want a girl like me, you can never be jealous of what she does or it will never work!"
"Yes ma'am," he says still ogling her hard body.
It is no time and she is pulling up in front of the college, busy with college students crossing the streets, up and down the crowded sidewalks. She pulls into a "no parking zone" to drop him off as people do double takes looking down into the open car at the barely clothed cougar.
"Thanks for the ride Ms. Gina!" She leans over to give him a hug as he opens the door, causing her loosely tied robe to open up even more allowing her right boob to completely spill out.
She leaves herself exposed as he shuts the door and grabs his backpack and board from the back seat. She winks at him as she pulls the tie loose allowing it to drop to her sides leaving the center wide open, "Hay Brian, let me know if you want to do that again, it was wild!" she yells so everyone around could hear, several turning to see who said it.
It takes her a minute or so to get back out into the busy traffic, knowing people are looking at her only excites her.
On the way back home, she uses her finger to play with herself looking for voyeurs to show off a bit more on the way home. Having little luck, she swings down along the beachfront drive on A1A, instead of the interstate all the way home.
She sees several people, two women in particular wearing modest bikini tops and shorts, on skates making their way along the sidewalk next to the beach access, she also notices the old guy behind them snapping a picture or videoing them. She slows and swings back around the block and pulls into a parking spot along the beachfront, pulling the sides of the robe together a bit and an over hand knot in the tie, not caring those passing in front of the car can see down into her convertible.
She sends a text message to Brian, "Are you any good on the hoover board?" she gives the girls a little wave as they pass in front of her car, not knowing if they noticed her lack of anything under her robe or her exposure.
He replies to her, "Yes ma'am, you want to learn?"
"No, but I need you to repay the favor form today, can you help with some thing I want to try, what morning are you free?" she returns to him.
"I don't have any classes on Thursday, what do you need?"
Gina's excitement builds as she replies, "Just be ready around 9:00 to head to the beach for a little while, and bring your hover board, you're going to need it for what we are going to do."
Gina backs out the parking spot, feeling daring from the excitement spinning in her head, she pulls the tie loose again on her robe as she slowly drives the beachfront highway hoping to be seen, and heads home to get thing ready for Thursday.
Two days later, she has everything ready in a big cloth bag by the door when there is a knock at the front door that was left open in anticipation of Brian coming over.
She comes out from the kitchen carrying a smaller cooler bag, wearing just her small white Wicked Weasel Bikini; same top she wore to the luau party the guys hosted next doors. The top is so small it doesn't quite cover her nipples, the bottoms not doing any better with the strings around her waist then coming up from between her butt cheeks and a pair of flip flops.
Giggling she asks, "Are you ready for a little fun today?"
He just nods his head 'yes' seeing her in the bikini she is barely wearing. "Yes hummmm ma'am, whatever you say!" he has his board in his hand.
"Ok stop with the ma'am and Ms. Gina's!" she tells him. Then she grabs her tote bag handing it to Brian, her keys and small purse in her hand. "Lets go!"
He opens the storm door for her as she closes the front door and heads to the car; he watches her bare firm ass wiggle to the car seeing the string coming up from her ass cheeks leaving her all but naked from the back.
She plops down in the car and drops the top on the convertible, she loves enjoying the Florida sun and of course her admirers watching her as well. Brian puts her bag in the back seat and closes his door, still no idea what is going on today other than they are headed to the beach.
Gina turns around reaching into her tote bag pulling out a GoPro on a stick, "Do you know how to use this?" she hands it to Brian.
"Oh yes ma'am, I mean, Yes I do! And hum, you're out your top." His mind now wonders even more. She giggles doing a halfhearted fix to her top, then backs out the driveway and heads towards the interstate heading south. About thirty minutes of chitchat later and him looking at her hard nipple exposed he finally asks, "Where are we going?"
She laughs, passing trucks, waving at drives who notice her, "Ok here is the deal, it's quite easy, I have skates in my bag, you may have noticed, I am going to skate for a bit along the Haulover Beach walkway and I want you to video me. Think you can do that?"
"Oh yeah, that sounds easy enough." He says shrugging his shoulders looking at her chest.
After a bit more chatting and finding out Brian has access to editing software she gets over to the far-right lane as they approach Exit 16 on Interstate 95.
She asks him if he would mind editing the video from today's adventure when they are done. Of course, he is eager to help her out, hoping to get a few more nipple slips and her bare ass on video. She turns onto Ivies Dairy Road headed toward the coast. Then turning onto Biscayne Blvd, then to Lehman Causeway to A1A where they head south. It is another two miles to the parking lot she had selected, Gina pulls in at the south end of Haulover Beach.
After she parks under a tree to keep her car cool, Gina opens her door and pops her trunk open, walks to the back of the car covering her nipple a bit better and gets her palm and knee protectors from the trunk and slips them on.
Brian is getting out the car, "I am guessing we are here?" the GoPro on a stick in his hand, he reaches in and grabs his hoover board out the back seat.
"Can you grab my skates for me?" she asks him. As she starts to walk towards the big blue and yellow restroom building about forty feet away. She turns and clicks the lock button on her key fob.
Brian just watches her bare ass wiggling ahead of him. When he catches up with her, she is sitting on a concreate bench and has slipped off her flip-flops brushing sand from her feet slipping on a pair of socks. "Here hang on to my keys." Taking them, he slips them into his pocket.
He hands her the skates watching her big boobs jiggling, most of her left nipple has already slipped out again. He just watches enjoying the view, as she slips on the skates and ties them. He has already turned on the GoPro videoing her getting ready wanting to make sure he gets her exposure on video.
She stands up doing a quick tight circle, using her toe stop to come to a halt. "OK, we are going to skate to the end of the trail along the beach and back. I just need you to keep up and video me as I skate."
"Ok, what doesn't seem so hard." He smiles looking at her bare ass again. She does another circle as he points the camera at her, and she heads out the opening nearest the beach onto the paved trail. He hops on his board and fell in right behind her videoing her ass as she warms up zig zagging, and doing a few turns then skating backwards facing Brian. He is impressed with her skating skills.
"Hay why didn't you tell me my nipple was out?" she giggles, adjusting her top a little to cover most of her exposed areola, the top is just too small for her nipples, let alone her big boobs. He just smiles at her.
Most of the trail is tree lined only giving brief views of the beach through the trees and down the beach accesses as they pass walkers, joggers, bike riders and a few others on skates, only about sixty feet from the street. She does a few splits exposing the white string that runs up has ass crack.
Gina turns around skating backwards about 2000 feet down the trail, looking at Brian who is doing a good job keeping up and keeping her in frame. "Enjoying your job," she laughs?
Gina looks back over her shoulder to see where she is going. She smiles and slips her thumbs under the strings of her top pulling them to the sides allowing her boobs to become freed from the tiny triangles.
"Make sure you get people's reactions too as we go," She giggles. Slipping the top back in place turning back around zig zagging again. She arches her back a bit bending forward, "How does that look?"
"Honestly?" he asks.
"Yeah what can you see?" she spins back around looking at him.
He laughs, "Well the sting that's running over your asshole and a hint of your puffy lips too. But, I can see your smooth down there in front too; most of those bottoms are hidden between your exposed lips."
She laughs, "Make sure you are getting good shots of what you're enjoying!" She pulls the front of her bottoms away briefly showing Brian her bare lips before returning the bottoms to cover a bit more of her smooth lips.
After another 2000 feet or so, they pass the lifeguard station. Two lifeguards standing out front at a white lifeguard truck, watch her staking towards them, and their eyes follow her bare ass as she passes; she does a spin now facing them as she skates backwards. Brian smiles as one of her bare boobs is exposed to the guys, she acts embarrassed and waves at them while she covers back up.
Brain smiles, "You did that on purpose!"
She just looks at him grinning again, over her shoulder. They go another 2000 feet and the trails turns to the left out onto A1A's sidewalk. Gina realizes they are no longer in Haulover Beach and suggests they turnaround as they pass a construction site on the right side next to the beach.
She gives a few construction workers a smile and a wave as they call for her to come back, she just laughs and waves at them. They take the sidewalk that leads back to the trail, it is only about 300 feet to the main trail they had just been down.
She turns around facing Brian again, "Ok its time to have more fun, hang on to this." She reaches behind her back, unties her back tie, and pulls the top over her head and tosses it toward Brian.
"Holy Shit Gina, you're going to get arrested!" Brian tells her, stuffing the tiny top in his pocket.
She laughs, "It's Haulover, I think I'm ok, maybe." Turning her back to him again her arms out he can see her side boobs swaying side to side..
Passing people, they for the most part just steal a glance and go about their business, while others slow and take in her big bare boobs and bare ass.
She slows and does a circle around Brian, "You getting all this?" she giggles.
"Oh hell yeah!' he tells her.
As they approach the lifeguard station she bends forward, and reaches back, slipping her string bikini over her hips and down her thighs. She lifts her left foot, slips it from the string bottoms, then repeats with the right foot, and spins around tossing her bottoms to Brian.
"Oh fuck Gina! You're naked!" He says looking at her and back to the GoPro viewer.
"You just video!" she giggles.
Passing the same guys as before they stop talking and watch her skate past them totally naked now, giving them a little wave and smile as she passes them a second time.
She continues down the trail smiling and waving at those paying attention to her. She does several more turns facing Brian especially after they pass walkers on the trail giving them an extra view before turning her ass to them.
Two guys yell are her, "Hey pretty lady, stop for a pic!"
She slows and does a 180 staking back to them, Brian still videoing her.
"Ok, I don't mine!" she stops, hands on her hips and knee bent a bit. The guys take turns standing next to her, as a few passing people walking past look on. Gina looks around then takes the guy's hand placing it over her bare breast. Giggling as the other guy snaps pictures. "Yeah these are real!" then she skates off.
Gina was getting more and more excited by her own daring and exhibitionism outside in public, only wishing more people would have been on the trail. She skates passed the restroom building over to her car, doing a few wide circles in the parking lot waiting for Brian.
As he rides the Hoover board up he unlocks Gina's car with the fob, "Gina, do you want you bikini back to put on?"
She giggles, "Do you want me to put it on?" Doing another circle around him and the car.
"Honestly, hell no! You're fucking incredible and I love watching you."
She just giggles; stopping at her car door, she opens it up and sits down to take her skates off. Brian continues to video her with her legs spread, Gina just looks up and smiles for the camera, knowing she is showing off her clitoris and pussy lips to him.
After kicking the skates from her feet, she leans back a bit more and uses her finger against her clit rubbing it faster to bring herself to a massive organism in front of him. "I hope you enjoyed that as much as I did." Gina smirks at him, "Let's get going."
Brian is not sure that to do next, grabs his board and hurries around the car as Gina cranks it up still naked.
Brian adjusts his cock in his shorts and the stick for the camera to make it shorter and turns the camera around so he can set it up on the dash still videoing Gina as she drives.
After leaving the beach Gina suggests they get some lunch, he just looks at her wondering what she is up to next not having any clothes on and the very little she was wearing in his pocket.
The head back north and onto 826 West towards I-95, Brian continues to video her as she passes cars and truck, slowing for red lights giggling, posing for Brian. They only go about two and a half miles when she asks him, "Taco Bell or Checkers?"
"Hummm, Taco Bell has no drive thru, so maybe it is best we do Checkers," he suggests.
She giggles, "What, I can't go in like this?"
He smiles at the thought of it, "Ms. G, you're going to get arrested!"
She laughs, "Ok, Checkers then, but you keep videoing; this is going to be fun!"
A few minutes later then turn at 18th Ave and into the drive through, she goes to the left drive through to allow Brian to order. They pull up to the speak to order, and then she eases up behind the car in front of them. Brian moves the camera toward his door to take in all of Gina as they.
The guy leans out and starts to repeat the order then sees Gina. "Holy Shit, this bitch be naked," he tells the others inside the small building. Several employees turn to look, a few coming over to see her. "Damn them some big titties!" another says.
A girl hands the guy at the window the order as she peaks over them to see her. He hands the order to Brian, "How much do I owe you!"
"We good brother!" he says still staring at Gina's body. Gina heads back out toward the Interstate laughing, then heading north on I-95.
Brian manages to get a few shots of truckers looking down at her smiling as her big boobs bounce with each bump and seam in the interstate.
Arriving at her house, she backs into the driveway. They both get out and she meets him at the trunk giving him a hug thanking him, he pulls her bikini from his shirt pocket handing it to her. "Hurry up and get that edited and posted for me, I can't wait to share it with John!" She tells him quite excited; then she hurries into the house not even bothering to cover up.