PrologueThe following story is true. I wrote it as it happened with out embellishing it. My wife is very conservative; but, she is no prude and when she gets in a horny mood she and I have enjoyed some pretty hot even kinky times. I don’t ever see her fulfilling my fantasy of seeing her with another man. She doesn’t like pornography in any form and disapproves of my using it.
We were lying in bed one night when I told her that she has brought me much pleasure in bed over the years. I asked her what times were special to her, times that she remembers vividly. We shared our memories many were of the same event.
This story is about such a time and was written for her. She has read it and since her reading we have had additional hot times. She still doesn’t like pornography, but she did enjoy the story and appreciated by effort in writing it for her.
The Get Away
We arrived in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee in the late afternoon. It was a pleasant day, cool and foggy. After stopping at the time share office we went to our motel to check in. January is the slow season so the big Radisson was nearly empty of guests. Our room was on the tenth floor and I don’t think there was any one else on our floor.
We left the hotel and drove into Gatlinburg. The area had really grown up since our last visit. But, the charm and character of the two resort towns was still rustic country. Having received free tickets to the fish aquarium we decided to go. The place had few people and we could just take our time and enjoy the exhibits. We enjoyed the kindly maintenance worker’s tour of his favorite fish and coral exhibits, I petted the stingrays and we agreed that this aquarium was the best we’d seen.
Once we got back to Pigeon Forge we decided to go to dinner at a barbecue place recommended by one of my co-workers. The people were friendly and the ribs tasty.
Upon returning to the hotel we wanted to swim and soak in the Jacuzzi. The pool appeared to be deserted so quickly we went up to our rooms and changed into our swimsuits. A quiet ride down the elevator and a short walk to the pool area revealed that the pool area was dark and deserted except for one couple sitting quietly in the Jacuzzi.We found the pool to be pleasantly warm. It felt soothing and with the lights off so private, sensual and romantic. I looked over at the couple in the Jacuzzi and they were enjoying the bubbly water. I was hoping they would leave so we could be alone, free to frolic and engage in some foreplay.
We swam toward each other and we embraced and kissed. I was already horny in excited expectation of the lovemaking that awaited us in our room. I wanted you and my cock was getting hard and once we embraced and my hands caressed your body I wanted to touch you intimately. Looking over at the couple they still were lost in their own company not so much as glancing our way.
I freed my hard cock and I reach between your legs and with no resistance or seeming concern on your part that we were not alone and I was going to fuck you in the pool with two people not thirty feet away. This by far is the most daring sexy thing you have done with me. Pulling your swimsuit to the side exposing your pussy I guided my cock into you. It didn’t take long to fill you. Your fuck hole was wet and gooey ready to receive me.
Our movements if they glanced our way would not be mistaken for what they were. But peering over your shoulder I observed that we were still unnoticed by the two strangers. In retrospect perhaps they didn’t need to look; maybe they could see a reflection of us. Maybe they were enjoying our daring copulation as part of their own foreplay.
Once we were connected we began a slow sensual walk about the pool. My hands holding your ass your arms around my neck and your legs wrapped around my waist holding my cock deep inside you.
We moved from one side to the other and one end to the other. Our connection never breaking. We have made love and fucked thousand of times over the years, but some fucks are forever etched in my mind as truly erotic and sexy. The times in the pool at the Best Western Mammoth cave resort. The hiking trail when you slipped your jeans down with it only 30 degrees outside and I fucked you from behind while you braced yourself against a tree. The balcony on our honey moon, Shaker Village both inside with the very noisy bed and outside in the dark on blanket in sight of the hotel building, and of course the videos we have made to name just a few.
Your sharing our erotic adventure with your sisters and hearing of their shock and surprise that you would do such a daring thing. That they confessed to rather dull sex lives really makes me thankful for your willingness to resist inhibition, to be free, open and daring. I wonder how they will respond to your challenge to spice up their sex lives?
Turning my back I let you guard the couple from discovering our public fucking. If they were to discover us you would be the one to catch them now. Then as they would have looked toward the pool or began walking toward the pool we would have had to stay connected to avoid detection. Imagine how exciting it would have been if they had quickly got out of the Jacuzzi and were standing by the edge of the pool or if they quickly jumped in with us.
The warmth of the water, the darkness, and the two strangers began to increase my excitement. Daringly, I leaned you back and pulled your top down exposing your tits. First, caressing them and then leaning down to suck them. I wanted to leave you exposed, and with them partial submerged in the water my concern of discovery was waning.
If they saw us, I know the guy would no doubt have been filled with envy at your sexy boldness. But you covered them again. I paused in our slow sensual water dance to actually thrust into you to actually fuck you. Finally, our sex play needed to come to an end or I would of cum in you. Probably, if we were alone I would have filled your pussy as I did the first time we fucked in a pool at the Taylorsville resort.
Dipping under the water you surprised me again and took a quick suck on my cock and we got out and headed for the Jacuzzi. That couple was still there with no seeming intention on leaving. Perhaps we interrupted their sex play and they were hoping we’d leave. Maybe they were exposed under the bubbly water and could not leave with out being noticed. I would have liked to fuck you in the hot tub, to have sat you on the edge and licked your pussy, but to my disappointment we were never left alone.
We got out of the Jacuzzi the sauna our next stop. Wasting no time we continued our public sex play. You sat on one of the higher benches I pulled your swimsuit to the side exposing your pussy and began licking you, tasting your sweetness. I wanted to make you cum and you were close but another couple wanting to use the exercise equipment interrupted our privacy. Public sex is always subject to unexpected interruption. That’s what makes it exciting trying to enjoy each other at the same time avoiding detection. If I knew we wouldn’t have offended them I may not of stopped.
Privacy was what we needed now it was time to take our sex play private. So to the elevator we walked and as we rode to our floor you knelt down and sucked my cock. Something that only happens in movies and in the fantasies of men, but you were actually doing it to me. I wanted to let you suck me till the doors opened and I almost did. Imagine the surprised look on the face or faces of who ever was waiting for the elevator, as you would quickly pull your mouth off my cock. You would stand and with your face most likely buried in my shoulder we would depart the elevator and the stranger would get on with the unexpected thrill and a story to tell of finding a sexy woman sucking her lovers cock in an elevator.Once in the room you prepared yourself for your strip show and I prepared the video camera. You looked very sexy in your silk robe. You turned and twisted in a sexy bump and grind and you removed the robe revealing your sexy nighty. You extended and stretched your leg toward the bed, which really made me hot. I love it when you display yourself in sexy provocative poses.My loving wife was transforming for my enjoyment into a combination stripper, escort girl, and porn star. These kinds of “ladies” entice, excite and promise pleasure. They create and act out fantasy. But they are nothing more than visual pleasures. You my loving wife were bringing and do bring reality to my fantasies.
With your robe on the floor you turned and bent over legs straight and parted giving me a great view of your ass. You ask if I liked what I saw and I moan in appreciation and anticipation. Standing and turning about you caressed your body you teased me by carefully exposing your tits a little at a time. Then as you walked toward me, expressionless as a real professional stripper would do so the focus would be on your body you reveal your tits and as you did you kneaded and squeezed them, pulled on your nipples and held them together offering them to me.
Quickly, your hands moved over and down your body to your pussy. You rub yourself through the thin material that concealed the price I was waiting for. I focused the camera there and you pulled the snaps apart revealing a very wet pussy with the lips of your pussy shaven clean and smooth. Above your pussy I see your thick patch of pubic hair. I love how you keep your pussy lips shaven. Kissing them, licking and sucking your soft tender flesh is so easy and pleasurable.
Standing with one foot on the floor the other supported on the seat of a chair. You open your legs and I watched you finger yourself till I had to taste you. Kneeling down I see myself on the video in a tight close up probing your wet gooey pussy with my fingers and tongue. You were so wet and sweet.
After savoring your sweetness I stood and with you still standing there legs open I guided my cock into your ready wet fuck hole and pushed it partially in for a few quick thrusts. As I withdrew my cock I saw on the video a close up of my cock glistening with your pussy juices.
You turn and walk to the bed where upon you lied down on your back pulled your knees up and opened your legs wide and slid your hands between your legs pulling those pretty cunt lips apart so I could see how wet your fuck hole was. I can’t resist your sexy sluttish display. I’ve not seen a porn actress do that any better than you did.
Moving in between my ladies thighs you looked so sexy that I had to enter your cunt quickly. You cry out, louder than you normally do, for me to fuck you, to fuck you like a bitch. I hear your dirty erotic words I feel your soft feet caressing my hips urging me in deeper. I thrust with long deep strokes. Watching the video I see my cock thrusting into you and it is wet with your fuck juices and I hear your moans and cries of pleasure. We look like we are doing a typical scene in a porn movie.
I love to hear you talk dirty. Not just saying fuck me, but I like it when you tell me to fuck your cunt, to fuck you like a bitch, to lick your pussy. I like it when you to tell me what to do to you. I want to hear how my cock my lips and tongue are pleasing you and what you want me to do to give you pleasure. Your words excite me they tell me I am pleasing you and you are enjoying what we are doing together.
I could cum quickly, but that would rob both of us of pleasure. I withdraw from your fuck hole and I move along side your head and I guide my cock into your mouth. I want you to taste and smell your lovely cunt as I move into a 69 position. I, too, want to savor your sweet taste again and the sweet aroma of your sex.
We pleasure each other with our mouths till I feel the urge to cum building. I sit back withdrawing my cock from your mouth and I take hold of your tits squeezing them roughly, kneading them and sucking them.
I am ready to fuck you some more. You get up unto your hands and knees and like a bitch in heat you wait for your stud to mount you. Mounting you from behind I see you on the video. Your face shows delight and urgency for my cock to do its work. Your big full tits swing back and forth as I hump you filling the room with the sound of our flesh slapping together. I am fucking you like a bitch. Your cunt is filled with my cock and I can feel it hitting your cervix.
Looking down at your ass I again want to taste you. So I grab you by the hips and I pull your cunt up to my mouth. Your knees are on my shoulders and your shoulders are resting on the bed. You laugh at the awkwardness of the position as my tongue and mouth find your cunt and I lick your sweet hole again.
Motioning for you to lie on your back and with your legs spread I kneel between them and I lower my mouth down between your legs. I want to make you cum. The video shows you spread eagle and my mouth buried in your pussy. Your body begins to stiffen you moan and then you let out a long cry of pleasure as you go over the edge. I keep licking and you continue to experience orgasms.
We change position again the video shows me kissing you and sucking your tits as you finger yourself to another orgasm. What a sexy site that was, as you unashamedly pleasured yourself. We return to a 69 position again. This time my ass fills the screen and I watch my cock fucking your mouth. I thrust and thrust working it in deeper and deeper. Your hands caress my ass and balls, which I like very much. I continue licking your cunt and you fill the room with more loud moans of pleasure.
Turning you about I push your legs up and apart. I guide my cock into your cunt and as I fuck you the video shows your feet dancing sensually above my body, as my cock gives you long hard thrusts and the room is filled again with that slap, slap, slap sound of our bodies.
I am ready now I need to cum. You lower straighten and bring your legs together. Straddling them I begin to thrust deep and hard the striper, porn star and escort girl are gone now, and I am now holding my loving wife at one with her knowing I am blessed. I cum filling you with thick white dollops of cum my body shakes, I moan and I churn my cock in your cunt to coax very orgasmic tingle I can get.
We intertwine our legs I rub your feet with mine. A special pleasure I like to take as I enjoy the after glow of our loving. This is a very sensual loving time for me, as I lay spent upon your nude body. My cock is loosing its length and hardness and I am slowly slipping from your wonderful pussy. Once withdrawn I look down at the sloppy mess I have made of your pussy. Quickly I move to the camera and zoom in close to capture the cream pie I have made. You finger yourself to coax more cum from your well-fucked pussy. I watch enjoying the sight of my cum leaking from you as the video fades to black.
Please, vote and I would love to receive e-mail response to this and my other stories. Thanks, for reading hope you enjoyed it.