CHAPTER 1: A PRIESTESS IN SHANLA
(Part 1: Ceremony At The Temple)
Danella opened the door to the temple by pushing the door inwards with her body weight. It was dark outside now and she had been alone as she walked around the temple complex. She needed to be on her own sometimes. The only way to achieve complete privacy at the temple complex was to walk in the dark when no one could see her. In the daytime there were always people about. But now it was the time for the regular evening celebration in the Temple. Two hours after sundown was the time. As a priestess of the Goddess of Life she was called to observe and participate on a rotating basis in this rite. She guessed there might be a long evening ahead before she could rest again.
She enjoyed her life as a Priestess normally but there were times as tonight when she would have liked merely to rest. She felt it was perhaps a minor insult to the Goddess for a priestess to enter the ceremony with her mind not entirely at one with the events, but she had chosen her vocation and was thus duty bound to perform it.
There was no purpose in complaining. The priesthood allowed plenty of time for relaxation. She must seek to participate with open and clear mind, and must try not to allow selfish thoughts to enter her mind. To resist the Goddess, even mentally, was a sin against her and was supposed to dilute the effect of this ceremony, which was to celebrate life and encourage the Goddess to continue to give life to all the millions of people.
Danella did not worry unduly about her thoughts remaining constant. Her thoughts had wandered often and she had often held wrong thoughts about the other people engaged in the ceremony and she had never been punished by the High Priests and Priestesses, or by the Goddess herself. It had been as if they could not see what was inside her mind. Few people thought that the Goddess was anything more than an ideal, the personification of a set of beliefs and ideas about how to live and practice your life.
In some ceremonies resistant thoughts were encouraged, even induced in order to create the effect which the ceremony required. However Danella felt that she should make an effort to be at one with the ceremony. It was a powerful ceremony and it was not always easy to achieve oneness. Danella had frequently been enraptured by it and fully taken up in its power and vitality. She had enjoyed those times when she had felt swept up by the celebration, and those times when she was bored and disinterested had been dull for her. So she always attempted to make the most of the event regardless of her mood. It was better for her.
As the door slid open the smell of incense and that other smell of human sweat which could never be entirely hidden in the temple, assailed her. A stately soft music emanated from behind the altar. Other priestesses were arriving in groups through other doors. There would be three hundred of them tonight at this ceremony, their purple gowns tied at the waist, feet barefoot. A low babble of conversation existed as they came down through the aisles and pillars into the semicircular centre of the temple. They stood finally in rows on the steps of the temple in between the leather skinned seats and tables, waiting for the ceremony to begin.
Danella took her place among them on the second row at the right hand side. She was close to the circle which increased her chances of being picked. She reprimanded herself for not placing herself further back, but it would not look good to the High Priestesses or the other Priestesses to be seen attempting to determine her own position. They were supposed to follow the flow of Priestesses and end wherever they found themselves, naturally. In any case she was not sure whether she wanted to participate directly or not. If she did not she may find the ceremony boring and even risked falling asleep. If she did participate she sometimes could not enter the mood these days and desired a rest from such activities.
The music became more lively and stirring by degrees. The louder voices subsided as the Priestesses took up their positions. High Priestesses Varna and Renate came to the bare leather altar and stood before it wearing their colourful overgarments, crowned hairpieces and jewellery. Varna was the elder and therefore most senior of the two and she it was who began to speak the Incantations of Life which had been chosen. These instructed the communicants that the benefits of life should be taken up by them and passed on to everyone in the world so that all could reap the great passions of life and fully devote themselves to the enjoyment of life.
The words were familiar. They had been written in the Books many centuries before and passed down for study and reference in the ceremonies of Temples all over Pirion. Danella had heard them before many times even though the High Priestesses often chose different incantations. As far as Danella could remember they all said much the same things. Her periods of study had finished some years before so she was no longer as familiar with them as she used to be. After so many years of ceremonies the excitement and interest of youth waned somewhat and she and other Priestesses she had confided in began to think other thoughts while the words were spoken.
Danella thought about Varna as she spoke. Did the words hold meaning for her? She certainly made them sound as if the words meant much for her but she had been a High Priestess for many years and had repeated these lines many times. How could these lines be of renewed interest to her every time she undertook the ceremony? She wondered how old Varna was. Probably nearing sixty years. Her face was lined although still attractive and her body was fleshy and saggy in places, although again still healthy and fit. Danella had noticed that she participated less in the ceremony these days than she had used to. In the past she remembered Varna had regularly participated with great vigour worthy of a High Priestess of the Goddess.
Renate was much younger High Priestess, only recently promoted from among the ranks of the more privileged priestesses. Danella could not recall seeing her officiate at this particular ceremony before but she probably had at those which Danella had not had to attend. Renate was a slim tall woman with blonde hair and a beautiful face. She certainly had the mark of a great High Priestess on her. Danella admired her and like many other Priestesses she knew wished that she could be more like Renate and could be elevated to the position of High Priestess one day. Danella never expected that she would ever be elevated in that way. Her own recent feelings of reluctance, her need for quiet lonely walks after dark made her realise that she was unsuitable. She was sure that the High Priesthood would surely realise she was not as devoted to the Goddess as she would need to be to be elevated.
Varna had finished the incantations now and Renate stepped forward to announce the entrance of the male worshippers. Loudly she proclaimed that this evening the male worshippers came from the farmlands to the North of the city. They were agricultural workers who ran the machines which harvested the food or kept the animal food stocks. They were dressed in red tunics. Two hundred of them came forward and positioned themselves standing on the circle before the altar below the Priestesses. Many of these were tall men with large muscles, short haired.
It was time for the High Priest to appear. He it was who officiated over the High Priestesses and everyone present. Regis was his name, a powerful driven man, one of the most committed High Priests ever to rule in this Temple at least. Regis appeared in his purple vestments and his High Priest's crown behind the altar on the steps which went upwards. He it was who would choose from among the males which one should be the Giver of the Seed in this ceremony. He came down from above and swiftly strolled around amongst the males in the circle. He walked amongst all of them. Before long he had selected a man, tall, slim, not overly muscular but attractive, from amongst the farmers.
Male Priests came forward from the back to escort the chosen man to the altar. Although privileged he was effectively their prisoner now. He had been chosen and must perform his responsibilities to the Goddess. By tradition the Priests would stand nearby to ensure he did not escape. Danella had often wondered why this was necessary. No man selected had ever wanted to escape from their duty in any ceremony to the Goddess which she had ever seen. Why should they? It was an act of pride, an honour which most men never achieved in their lives, to be chosen in such a large ceremony.
She had been told that in the past, many centuries before, sometimes the chosen had been unwilling and priests as guards had been necessary to perform the act. She had queried her teachers more closely, asking why they had been unwilling, but most teachers did not understand why themselves. "It was a long time ago," they would say, "Nobody knows." One had told her that she believed that in the distant past enemy prisoners from the wars had been used in the ceremony and they had not appreciated what was being done for them. They had believed they were being led to torture or death and therefore tried to resist. "Who knows," said that instructor, "Maybe they were tortured and killed in those days." It had been an incredible thing for a Priestess Instructor to suggest, not a part of the planned training for Priestesses. The Instructor had said, "Of course I don't know that. I'm only guessing. It isn't something you need to worry about." Danella found herself to be curious about the past. These were questions which she would like to answer, but no one ever told her anything and perhaps no one really knew. Those days, if it had been true, had been centuries ago.
(Part 2: Attending In The Ceremony)
The Priests took the man to the leather skinned altar and laid him upon it, then retreated a few steps downwards at the four corners. The man looked towards the other farmers as he lay waiting.
The High Priest then consulted the High Priestesses to ask them to choose attendants and a Priestess to carry out her duty. After a brief word the High Priestesses walked down outside the circle and amongst the waiting Priestesses to select the four attendants. Varna and Renate were to choose two each. Varna went to the left and quickly chose two, chosen often for their pleasing looks although not necessarily so. Ordinary Priestesses did not know the basis on which the High Priestesses would make their decision. Renate took her time, she was a relatively new High Priestess and still relished her power. She saw great meaning in the choice evidently.
She chose a young woman from the front row, a pretty slim, small dark haired woman. Danella waited placidly while Renate passed her a first time. When she began to approach a second time she began to feel nervous that it would be her. If she was chosen it would be a great honour. She had done it twice before in this ceremony so it did not worry her in any way. It had meant a great deal to her on both occasions but now this evening she was not really in the mood and wished not to be chosen. It would mean standing there in front of all these people for a long time and she would be sure to be chosen by one of the male worshippers if she was chosen as an attendant. Renate looked directly into her eyes as she came past a second time as if weighing up her beauty. She was surely being considered. Renate moved on again to the priestess standing next to her. She felt relief but mixed with a certain dread that perhaps she was being considered to carry out the ceremonial duty. That would be a great honour which no Priestess could expect to achieve in their life although many did. But she did not wish to tonight. 'Please let it not be me,' she actually began to pray to the Goddess, and wished now that she had managed to hide herself on the back row.
Suddenly Renate stepped back to her and laid her hand on her shoulder. "You are chosen." She had been chosen as attendant after all, but she could now feel some relief that at least she was not being asked to officiate. Being an attendant was at least an easy function, a supporting role. She had been chosen and there was nothing she could do. She would have to place herself in a better state of mind.
She followed Renate and the other woman to the altar. It was time to prepare the 'Giver'. She and the other three attendants stood at each corner of the altar and reached forward to take away the Giver's tunic. One woman opened the sash to reveal his chest. The slim dark haired girl unfastened his tunic belt and they lifted him slightly to pull off the lower part of the tunic off his legs, revealing his penis. The other two girls slid the top of his tunic off his arms and gently lowered him back to the surface. He was a nice looking man, about mid thirties she guessed. Still she felt no inspiration.
Now it was their turn. They turned to face their audience and each pulled the sash which opened their gowns at the same moment, revealing their breasts and genitals. Then they took their arms out, and fully naked before an audience of over seven hundred, they handed the gowns to each of the Priests who folded and placed them on the floor. Then they turned as they had been trained back to the Giver.
It now remained to find out who would officiate. Normally the High Priestesses would descend together to choose a Priestess. On this occasion, as was sometimes the case, Varna and Renate remained near the altar so one of them had decided to officiate. As might be expected recently it was Renate and not Varna who stepped forward to ask the Priests to remove her overgarments, hairpieces, crown and jewellery and her robe. She was naked before them all and her body was beautiful, even to a woman. Her breasts were firm, not too large or small, she was slim and fit, her skin smooth and her genital area shaven. With poise and aware of the effect the display would have on the males she began to dance sensuously around the altar as the music became louder. Her arms graced around her body as she swayed and swirled, her blonde hair dancing around her. The 'Giver' watched in awe as did the male worshippers. Then she stood behind the altar and began to massage the Giver slowly and sensuously.
At a nod from Renate the attendants were expected to help at this stage. All laid their hands lightly on the part of his body which was nearest, being careful not to get in the way of the High Priestess who leaned forward and began to kiss the different parts of his body.
The High Priestess's hands moved all over the body savouring him then draping her own body over his stiffening penis. Then when she saw he was ready she took his member in her mouth and began to suck it slowly. The man was excited. The naked attendants and the beautiful High Priestess ministering to him were enough to overcome the nervousness he must have felt and the pressure of performing in front of all these people. It was something many Priestesses could never get used to, Danella herself included.
It appeared however that Renate was not one of those. As she took him in her mouth her body continued to move, conscious of her audience. Even Danella, who was becoming less interested in the acts of sex, felt swept up in her enthusiasm. She could have reached out and touched Renate's body and kissed it right now. Even she felt a sudden desire to put her fingers to Renate's genitals and kiss her golden flanks. That of course would not be permitted in this ceremony, but there were ceremonies which demanded it. Danella hoped, despite herself, that one day soon she might be able to do that with Renate in one of those ceremonies.
The music had been softening while the sexual preparations were being made. Now it finished leaving the circle quiet except for the sexual noises which would be made on the altar. Renate took her mouth up towards the Giver's motioning Danella to take his penis in her mouth. Dutifully she leaned forward and began to lick his salty erection. It was nicely hard. This part of the ceremonial was designed to keep the Giver hardened by reminding him that the attendants were there with him also. She passed it to the girl on the left who did the same and then the other two.
Now it was time for Renate to mount the Giver. She climbed onto the altar, standing in her glorious nakedness. Then lowering herself until she was kneeling straddling the man. Grasping his excited member she heaved herself over it until she had fully taken it and began slowly, and then faster, to ride upon it. The man appeared excited as he gazed up at her and began to thrust his own hips to meet hers. His hands grasped her legs and reached for her breasts. The attendants behind him stroked his face and chest as he lay in pleasure, his body dedicated to the Goddess.
Renate began to moan as she ground her body into his. Danella knew this was part of the performance. Renate was playing to her audience and also she wanted to bring the Giver to orgasm. Her animalism would excite the man and her performance would be seen to be effective. Too often in the public arena the Giver would become nervous and lose his hardness. It was the duty of the officiate and her attendants to encourage the Giver as much as possible. When the Giver lost his power there were many ways in which his power might be returned. There was no reason why the ceremony should not last a long time. If the ceremony continued for a long time a signal from the officiate could set in motion the following stages where the audience became participants. It was not a problem to the Priesthood or the Goddess. However it was to be preferred if the Giver's seed could be exuded earlier and the ceremony be continued sooner. Renate's style appeared to be to bring the Giver to a powerful and early conclusion.. That suited Danella. She was tired from the exertions of the day and sought solitude in her own bed.
Renate began to masturbate herself as she jostled more clumsily upon the Giver, and her moaning grew louder. The Giver's moaning could also be heard around the circle, softer than the High Priestess's. She began to cry out louder as she became more excited. Danella behind the High Priestess could see that her excitement was becoming genuine although she could not see her face.
Renate climbed off the Giver and pulled him up. It was time for her to lie down as the Giver pushed his seed into her. Quickly she exchanged places with him, not wanting him to lose his strength. He mounted her quickly and began to fuck into her quickly and desperately. It was time for Danella and the slim dark haired young woman to minister to the Giver as he gave himself to the Goddess. They placed their hands on his thrashing body as it moved, on his buttocks and up his shivering back and brushing his arse and testicles as they moved. Renate began to cry out loudly again, and came in a torrent of breathless, meaningless words. The Giver was very excited, Danella could tell. He would not be long now. It was a good ceremony. The Goddess would be very happy and Danella's sleep would not be many hours away.
The Giver started to shake wildly, uncontrollably. His shaking lasted for some time but it was final. Renate cried out again under the onslaught and the Giver's seed gushed deep into her belly. He continued to move as his excitement subsided. He stayed upon her while she motioned with her right arm.
*****
Chapter 1 was the original version of another piece which I posted on Literotica a few years ago as 'Ceremony', which is set in the remarkably similar but nonetheless different Empire of Shalirion, which is the setting for my 'Princil's Magic' story also. Much of the script is the same but Ceremony expanded the ceremony in the Temple to fit that scenario, and the characters have different names. Read them as separate stories. This was the original.