Exhibitionistic Beginnings
I enjoy going to the movies. My husband likes to fool around. We discovered that we could combine these things and have exciting times for both of us.
I am a woman in my late 20s and I enjoy spending time with my new husband. I am an attractive, 5'4" tall red-head with a shapely figure and a professional job. Although I have always been shy with my body, my husband tells me all the time that I'm sexy and I really enjoy the compliments. I was raised as a southern lady to be very modest and, before I met my husband, my typical wardrobe consisted of large sweaters that did everything they could to hide what I consider my best feature, my firm, full 38DD breasts. At the pool or beach, I wear fully covering one-piece suits and still feel uncomfortable around other people that I know. I have noticed that when I do slip up and show off my ample breasts I attract the attention of others, and to be honest I find it quite exciting. However, this excitement is tempered by my modesty and fear of exposure.
Upon meeting my husband our sex drives jumped into high gear. I had previous partners so I did have some experience, but since we got together my experiences have consistently mounted. From very early in our relationship my husband has told me how sexy he thinks I am and that I should be more comfortable with my body. He likes to point out when others take notice of me showing a little cleavage. This leaves me excited but also conflicted.
Over the years of dating and our early marriage my husband has encouraged me to explore these more dangerous opportunities. In my past, sex was always a bedtime activity, reserved for behind closed bedroom doors and often in the dark. My husband has pushed me to pursue other prospects. We have engaged in some mostly clothed petting in the car and other semi-public experiences. Of course, the danger is often minimal because we pick out of the way locations or times when few people are nearby.
Our most recent exploration combined my previously stated love of the going to the movies and his desire to fool around constantly. Given our jobs it was not uncommon that we had the chance to go to late afternoon, weekday movies. Most of the time there was no one there and even in situations where there were others, it was never more than the random 4 or 5 other people. It was easy to find a secluded part of the theater and settle in for the entertainment.
These experiences typically start with my husband beginning to pet my large breasts over my clothes. Occasionally he would even take it further and begin to stroke my pussy through my pants, or if I was feeling really brave under my skirt. While I enjoyed the experiences very much and regularly experienced intense orgasms sitting in the large theater with others only 20 or 30 feet from me, I was rarely ever truly exposed for any real amount of time. My husband routinely tries to expose me more and more, but I would shrug his attempts off, rebuttoning my shirt, lowering my skirt to cover my exposed lower parts back up, or using a coat to hide any flesh.
With my husband's pleading encouragement, I began to regularly wear medium length skirt and button up shirts under my coat to the theater. We would get in and find a secluded seat and I would remove my coat and settle in for fun. One particularly visit my husband was particularly insistent and about halfway into the movie he had me sitting in the theater with my shirt completely open showing my large breasts encased in a sex red bra and my skirt was pulled up to my waist while my red panties, which were pulled to the side, were only covered by my coat laying over my lap. We were completely secluded in our seats with the nearest other people in the room sitting eight rows below us, but it still felt very unusual. It was naughty and exciting, and I had an incredibly intense orgasm that actually caused me to moan louder than I realized as I came. When I came back to my senses, I looked down to realize that my husband had moved my coat completely off of me. I had orgasmed in a theater with other people around sitting there with my short completely open and my skirt pulled up entirely to my waist. My bra and panties had both been pulled off to provide my husband access to all my sensitive areas. The excitement was something I longed to experience again.
Our movie theater play became a regular activity. We went to the movies about twice per week and almost always fondled to my orgasm in the theater. We even had progressed to night time or weekend movies that were always more crowded. We still made sure we kept rows between us and others, but it was very exciting to know how close I was to be exposed. To make it easier I often removed my panties in the bathroom before we entered the theater and wore shorter skirts and button up blouses.
The next step in our playing was me stroking my husband's cock, but this was a little more difficult. To be able to get to him, I would have to open his pants up completely and sometimes we pulled them down. We often used his shirt or a coat to remain mostly covered, but in the heat of the moment for either of us, coverage was always the last thing on our minds.
One evening we went to a relatively newly released movie and walked into the theater to find a large crowd. Looking around the room, we were unable to find our typical buffer of empty seats. We chose one of the emptiest parts of the theater about midway up near one side, but grew more discouraged as additional people entered and sat around us. Eventually we had people sitting directly in front of us and a couple slightly younger looking than us sitting only one seat over from me with the male from the couple being the one closest to me.
My husband was clearly discouraged thinking we would not get the opportunity to pursue our play activities on this evening, but as the movie started I encouraged him by reaching over and grabbing his hand and placing it on my naked thigh with my skirt pulled up to my waist and my pussy hidden only by my coat resting across my lap. Shortly he was stroking his finger up and down my pussy lips as we both became more and more comfortable with others sitting closely around us. Next his fingers found my increasingly wet hole and he began fingering me quietly, but also with a steady pace. I was becoming more and more excited and longed to feel his free hand on my nude breasts like he often did. I feigned being cold and pulled my long coat up around my torso while still leaving part of it resting across my lap and slowly unbuttoned my blouse well past my growing nipples. I reached under the coat myself and pulled out one of my breasts and began lightly squeezing one of my hard nipples.
Our nearby neighbors would occasionally move and make me nervous so we ended up stroking awhile and then when I caught their movement out of the side we would sit incredibly still hoping they did not realize what we were doing. Each time we started back to our play, my pussy was wetter and I became more and more excited. The mere presence of others so near that might realize what we were doing felt so naughty, but also so exciting. This excitement enticed my husband to push the envelope and lowered my inhibitions. Eventually I had my legs spread wide with my skirt pulled completely to my waist, my blouse completely unbuttoned and pulled aside leaving my bra only covered by my coat. My body felt like it was on fire.
I noticed the man sitting only one empty seat to my right appeared to look my way every now and then. I became more and more certain that he must be aware of what we were doing although I was sure that I was still covered. Maybe he could see the hands moving under my coat or maybe he heard my increasingly frequent moans over the loud movie soundtrack?
The movie was now well over half way over and my orgasm was quickly approaching also. My inhibitions continued lowering. My primary thought at his point was on the sensations I was feeling in my body and that approaching orgasm. Unknown to me, my husband had sensed my excitement and lack of concern for my modesty and began taking advantage of the situation. He reached across my torso and began stroking my breast further away from him which caused me to change which hand was holding my coat up covering my tits. In my state I became lazy in hiding my modesty and my husband began moving my coat further and further up my thighs from the bottom and with my lighter grip it began to slide down my torso. As I approached was the most intense orgasms I had ever had, I closed my eyes and leaned my head back against the headrest and just enjoyed the moment when it hit. It took all I had at that moment to keep from screaming out loud and my state of cover was completely out of my mind.
After my orgasm it took me a few moments to come back to reality and the realization that I had just had a very strong release in a crowded movie theater with people sitting all around me. Nervously I glanced at the stranger sitting to my right and saw that he was no longer watching the movie, his eyes were now roaming up and down me. Confused and still not completely with all my senses, I looked down and saw that in my excitement I had completely released my hold on my coat covering my nude breasts and it had fallen completely to my lap. I was shocked to see that both of my breasts were completely in the open and this man was ogling them. I looked further down my body and realized that my husband had continued to pull my coat up from the bottom and it was now sitting in one small pile on my stomach and my completely nude pussy was also entirely exposed to this man sitting only one seat over from me.
Surprisingly my realization did not cause me to act frantically to cover myself. Instead I remained sitting just as I was and looked again at the stranger to see he was alternatively staring at my exposed pussy and my nude tits and hard nipples. I no longer cared for modesty, in fact the awareness of my exposure only excited me. I enjoyed seeing this man stare at my nude body.
I remained in that position for what felt like hours but most certainly was only about 5 or 10 minutes and then I covered up again with my coat as I began to get the rest of my clothes back in their place. When the movie ended I would not let my husband even wait for the credits to begin to roll, I stood up and immediately grabbed my husband's hand and forced him down the aisle and out of the theater before I had any additional confrontation with the stranger beside me.
After that experience our movie play became more dangerous. We started looking for seats closer to others; particularly males. One particular movie experience really went beyond. We decided to see an afternoon show with the expectations that there would likely be very few other people in the theater and we were surprised to see about 4 other couples and a few individuals when we walked in to choose our seats. This day my husband astonished me by choosing seats in the back but only 2 rows behind a middle-aged man when there were numerous more secluded options. After we sat down, my husband immediately starting stroking my inner thighs working towards my pussy before the lights even went out for the show.
About 15 minutes into the movie (and some serious heavy petty) my husband asked me to stand up. Uncertain I stood and was flabbergasted when he first reached up under my skirt and slid my panties that I have neglected to remove, down my thighs and off my legs. I began to sit back down, but he stopped me and turned me around facing the screen and quickly pulled my skirt down to the ground. I was shocked at his expectation that I would sit in the theater with nothing on my lower body. Before I could protest, he grabbed my hand and pulled me back to sit in my seat again. I was somewhat comforted by the fact that my blouse this day was longer than some and when I pulled it down in a seating position it almost looked like a short dress so I could cover myself if absolutely needed.
As I sat there with my husband's hands roaming over my thighs and exposed pussy, I grew more and more excited. He sensed this and reached over to begin to unbutton my shirt. I was sure he would undo a couple of buttons and stop, but he did not. He continued undoing buttons until he had them all open. With most of my body now out on display and a man sitting only 5 or 6 feet in front of us, he moved both hands quickly over my body moving from my wet pussy to both hard nipples. He then leaned over and began kissing me deeply. This increased my excitement level immensely. Then my husband further surprised me by leaning over and sucking on one of my breasts that he had pulled out of my bra.
This was the most turned on I had been at the movies. Wanting to return the feeling, I reached over and opened my husband's pants and removed his already rock-hard cock. I paused and looked him in the face and then knelt down in front of him and began sucking his cock. Now I had him softly moaning in the theater and I enjoyed that feeling of power. In moments, my husband pulled me up to a standing position in front of him and pulled my face to his so that he could whisper to me, "I want to fuck you now." As I stood there with the bottom half of my ass exposed to bright light of the movie screen for anyone in front of us to turn and see, I realized I wanted that also.
I turned towards the screen and backed down to a sitting position over his cock and eased it slowly into my soaking pussy. In this dangerous position I paused for a moment and just sat there with his hard cock in my pussy and recognized that I could hold my shirt closed in front of me and if anyone had a short glance our way, they really couldn't see much and certainly could not see that I was half naked sitting on a hard cock. Feeling more secure I began to slowly rock back and forth on his dick leaning forward enough for it to almost come out of my pussy and then back to send it shooting as far in to me as possible. We continued this slow rocking motion for a few minutes until we both were beyond the point of caring about getting caught. I had let go of my shirt allowing it to open and close as I swayed back and forth on my husband's manhood. My husband had taken advantage of his position and reached under my shirt to unclasp my bra so the cups were now moving also with my shirt as I rocked.
He next leaned forward a little and said, "I'm so turned on. I'm about to cum, but I want you completely nude before I do." I was shocked but incredibly excited. He reached to my shoulders and grabbed both sides of my shirt and began pulling them backwards and off my arms. I relented and pointed my arms back to help his movement and the shirt slid all the way down and off. Incredibly this was not enough for my husband. When he got my shirt in his hands he tossed it about three seats over from my current position and then quickly grabbed my bra that had come off one arm already and he pulled it off the other arm and proceeded to toss it over by my shirt. I was now sitting on my husband's cock, nude except for my high-heeled shoes with most of my clothes not even within arms reached while others sat in the theater only two rows in front of us.
This scene was more than my husband could take and he exploded in my pussy. As I started to get up quickly to retrieve my clothes, he grabbed my shoulders and held me in place on his cock. He said, "I'm not ready for you to move yet, I like seeing you sitting there nude." I sat there for another few moments and looked around the theater realizing that any of these other patrons could turn at any moment and if they did I had no possible way to cover up. They would certainly see my large, sweat-covered tits.