Robert was of course disappointed to hear how things had gone with their daughter, though Marge wasn't surprised it ended as it did. I could tell that she still wasn't completely giving up on the possibility though. I, on the other hand, wasn't interested in pursuing a relationship that was as screwed up as what I had with Crystal. If I was going to allow myself into something like that, it would be with Crystal. At least I had strong feelings for her. With Christina it was only a mild attraction, and I wasn't even sure how much of that was just lustful attraction.
Days slipped by, and I stayed busy. Working in the evenings on the bathroom took most of my time, with Donna spending most evenings and quite a few nights with me. She seemed to enjoy watching me work and of course, cleaning me up after. I'd finally gotten her to agree to stop trying to have sex with me at work since she had pretty much free reign on it outside of work. I cared a lot for her, not nearly as much as I did Sylvia, but still, those emotional ties seemed to be growing stronger all the time. But then I think that was her plan. Be around me so much that I became comfortable with her.
Crystal had stopped by one evening before Thanksgiving. She'd just finished at work having done her show, and wanted to have sex. It was maybe the hardest thing I'd ever done, but I asked that she not do so anymore. It was just too difficult to have her come over for sex and then leave again, knowing that she'd been pawed by guys and would be again. She was crying when she left, but with the last kiss she gave me, maybe the last one she ever would, she whispered that she understood and didn't blame me. Somehow it didn't help all that much as I watched her drive away for the last time.
I was burying myself in my work as much as I could I'd even pushed Donna away to some extent, not that she didn't continue to come by very frequently, most times spending the night as well. She was actually there, sitting on a little stool, watching me working on the plumbing when Marge walked in. As usual, Marge let herself in and found us up in the bathroom. She didn't look at all like she normally did when she came by for fun, wearing a long coat that was buttoned nearly all the way up.
"Hey Marge! What's up?" I asked as I wiped my hands on a rag, having just finished the last of the plumbing inside the wall.
"I was wondering if you'd have time tonight to help me out with something."
"I suppose so. What is it?"
"Oh. Just something. Donna dear, can we have a word, outside?"
"Sure," Donna answered, shrugging at the unusual request. They walked into the bedroom as I stood and watched them, Marge telling her something and then some whispering going on between them. Donna smiled broadly and clearly liked whatever Marge was telling her. "Oh, you're gonna love this," Donna said as she came in and took my hand, pulling me out of the bathroom. I'd kind of expected to end up in the guest room, but instead Donna got us both coats and we followed Marge out to her car. Donna climbed into the back seat, giving me the front passenger seat.
"So. Where are we headed?" I asked Marge as we pulled out of my driveway.
"The lingerie shop," she answered, looking over at me with a grin. "You remember Gerry, don't you? Redhead?" she added when I looked questioningly at her.
"Oh yeah. Red hair, big tits. Yeah, I remember."
"Well, how do you feel about making a fantasy come true for her?"
"I'm fine with that, as long as it doesn't include me getting tied up someplace."
Marge laughed. "No. Not this trip at least. No, on this trip you're going to help make a couple women's fantasies come true, all at the same time."
"Oh? How am I going to do that?"
"You'll see," she answered with a grin. "By the way, you're welcome to unbutton my coat and see what I'm wearing under it."
"Can I guess?"
"You can, but I'd rather you find out in person," she said as we drove through the now dark evening.
I twisted in my seat and unbuttoned her coat, exposing her completely naked body. The only thing she had on besides the coat was her high heels. She reached into her coat pocket and pulled a little device that looked like a small garage door opener remote and handed it to me.
"What's this?"
"Oh. Just a new toy I bought. I thought you might like to play with it."
"Play with it?" I asked as I pushed one of the buttons.
"OOOOOOOOH!" Marge quickly cried. "Oh yeah. That's high!" I heard a faint humming sound and quickly realized that the remote was for a vibrator that was apparently inside her pussy. I pressed a different button and got a more relaxed sigh from her. "Much better."
"So? Want a little teasing?"
"I always love your teasing, but given tonight, I thought I might want a little extra warming up."
"Why would you need that? I always get you off well, right?"
"You do. But tonight I'm going to ask you to get three of us...oh sorry, four of us off before you unload. So I thought it might be nice to have a little head start, for your sake."
"Alright. If you say so. So just what am I going to be doing?" I asked as I reached over and began to tease one of her nipples while she drove.
"You'll see." Was all she would say. It was after eight when we pulled into the parking lot of the little lingerie shop we'd visited, what felt like a year ago. Marge got out, slipping her coat off and leaving it in the car. I climbed out and held the seat forward for Donna, who climbed out every bit as naked as Marge, apparently having taken her clothes off in the back when I wasn't paying attention. She looped her arm in mine and drew me along to the front door which Marge was holding open. "You go pick what you want to wear," Marge said to Donna as she closed and locked the door behind us. "And Michael, you come with me."
"Sure," I answered, still not sure what she had in mind. She walked me down the aisle next to the big glass window where I seemed to remember seeing a series of manikins all dressed up in various pieces of lingerie. Jennifer was standing half way down the aisle, grinning from ear to ear, Gerry, looking considerably more nervous, both of them already completely naked except for high heels.
"He said yes?" Jennifer asked quickly.
"Yes to making the fantasy happen, but I haven't told him exactly what we're expecting of him yet."
"Then let me tell it," Jennifer said, stepping towards me and wrapping her arms around me and pulling our bodies together. "So we had this wild idea. We've all tried stripping at the club now and thought, what if it weren't someplace where the guys were expecting naked women. But it had to be someplace we wouldn't get arrested of course. So we had this wild idea. What if we pretended to be manikins and you dressed us up, right there, in the window?"
"You want me to dress you in the window?"
"Not just dress us, but dress us in sexy lingerie. And the whole time, we'll all be standing there, perfectly still in whatever position you put us in. And whoever happens to come along will be able to see us."
"Well. That is an interesting idea."
"We thought so. We only want one extra special thing from you. We want you to make us climax before you're done. When you dress us, we want you to play with us until we come, preferably on your cock."
"Wow. That is some request," I answered. "Right there in the window?"
"So will you?" she asked eagerly.
I looked at the three of them and then Donna walking down the aisle with a hanger in her hand. "You good with this?" I asked Donna as she walked up to us.
"Me? Hell yeah." She grinned. "Always up for something new."
"Well. If that's what you want, why the hell not?" I answered. "Go ahead and get in the window. Who do you want me to start with?"
Gerry grinned at me. "We can't tell you. We're just manikins. You'll have to decide. Oh. We picked our outfits, there're here on the floor."
I nodded and saw that there was a pile of lingerie at each of their feet as they stood in the store window now, the light from the store and window spot lights illuminating their naked bodies for anyone to see. I stepped over to Gerry and turned her to face the street and then stepped in front of her, sliding my hands up her body to reach her tits. I cupped each big tit and rubbed my thumbs across her nipples, making her areola pucker around each pink protrusion. I slid one hand down her body and stroked my fingers between her legs. "Didn't you have hair down here?" I asked.
"Have you ever seen a manikin with pubic hair?" she asked quietly, taking in a little gasp as my finger pressed between her wet lips and slid across her clit. I looked around, and sure enough, except for Donna, all of them were shaved clean.
"This could be interesting," I answered her as I squeezed her breast. With a grin I turned her around, putting her back to the glass, and then bent her over so her ass and pussy were pressing against the glass, her tits hanging down below her chest. "Now. Let's see what we have to put on you?" I said as I bent over and pulled the lingerie apart. She had a very sheer bra and panty set with a split crotch panty. Definitely designed for fun. I slipped the bra on her arms, one at a time, and then pulled it up against her tits, leaving her still bent over with her ass against the glass. I reached under her chest and gently cupped both tits with the sheer fabric and then coaxed the strap up around her body. I paused for a minute, looking around to see who might be looking, and was almost disappointed to not see anyone. I quickly unzipped my pants and fished my hard dick out, intentionally stuffing it in her face. I hooked the little fasteners on the strap and reached under her to grab both tits again, squeezing them as I let my dick rub around her face. I straightened her up and turned her around, turning her head and leaning her chest against the glass, her tits pressing against the cold smooth surface. I moved her feet to slip the panty on, sliding it up her legs, but leaving it around her thighs. I stood her back up and pulled her gently back towards me, bending her over so her tits once again hung down, straining against the see-through material.
I stood behind her, rubbing my hand up and down her ass before sliding it between her legs. I stroked my fingers between her seriously wet lips finding her clit and gently stroking it with the tips of my fingers.
"Oh fuck," she moaned softly, trying not to move as I worked my fingers along her slit several times, stroking her clit, before pushing them deep into her pussy. I stroked them in and out of her, hearing her wetness increase with each passing moment. After what had to be at least five minutes, I pulled my fingers from her and abruptly stuffed my cock into her, driving it deep into her pussy in one quick thrust. "OH FUCK!" she screamed in pleasure as her whole body suddenly shuttered and trembled. I stood behind her, thrusting into her over and over as her body climaxed, the sudden change in sensations and size sending her over the top.
I pulled from her when her pussy stopped spasming, my cock dripping with her cum. I pulled the panties up and then straightened her up, pushing her feet apart so that the panty was gaping slightly, showing off her sopping wet lips. I lifted her arms and placed them over her head, one arm holding the other, so they both rested on her head. I adjusted her tits in the bra, setting them so that her rock hard nipples jutted out over the top of the extremely low cut bra. I gently tweaked each nipple, drawing another gasp from her.
I looked at Jennifer, standing expectantly, her slim body still totally naked. I found what she had picked and smiled. It was little more than a bunch of leather straps that were designed to cover absolutely nothing, but frame EVERYTHING. I took my time putting it on, teasing my fingers along her soft skin as I traced each leather strap. I stroked my fingers over and around her nipples, bringing a soft shudder from her body as she stood staring out the window. I could see what had attracted her attention. There were two guys standing several feet back from the windows, watching what I was doing, or more correctly, staring at the four naked bodies I was playing with.
"So. We have an audience," I said quietly. "You still want me to fuck you? I might have a better idea."
"As long as you make me come," she whispered, trying not to move.
I stepped over to Marge and knelt down in front of her, blocking their view as I pulled the vibrator from her pussy. I stepped over to Jennifer, kneeling in front of her so they couldn't see what I was doing, and then pushed the egg shaped vibrator into her already wet pussy. I found the remote in my pocket and turned it on full, making her gasp and nearly jump in surprise. "Oh fuck!" she cried as I moved her hands to her hips and adjusted her body slightly so that the guys would have a perfect view of her pussy when she climaxed.
"Okay Marge. Let's see what you have for me to put on," I said as I picked up the items. "Someone has naughty thoughts," I said quietly as I separated the school girl costume into pieces. I started with her stockings, leaning her against the window while I bent over to work each white thigh high stocking on her legs. I stroked my hands up each leg, the guys moving closer to the window to watch, her pussy nearly at the same height as their faces. I smoothed the stockings down, letting my fingers slide up to her pussy and stroke between her lips, the two guys outside now taking pictures of her pussy as I pushed my fingers into her. I moved to the side of her and knocked on the glass, shaking my finger. "No pictures," I said. The both nodded and put their phones away.
I stood up and pulled the little shirt on. As I buttoned it down the front, I couldn't help but notice that the material was split up each side where the creases were, letting it gap apart to expose both her tits, even with the shirt buttoned. I turned her around to face the window, put both hands against the glass as I bent her over. I stepped behind her, hiking the short skirt up and pushed my dick slowly into her. The guys outside knew this was a game and they weren't really manikins, but that didn't seem to matter. In moments they were stroking their own cocks in time with my strokes into Marge. Each thrust made her tits swing, sliding momentarily out the slit up the front of her shirt.
"Oh fuck me," she moaned, trying not to move. "God Michael. I love feeling your cock in me."
"Uh huh," I grunted as I thrust into her, pumping my hips to slam into her with each stroke.
We'd fucked enough that I could tell she was close, the first little trembles always started in her pussy and grew from there. "Shit! I'm gonna come!" she squealed, unable to hold completely still, watching the two guys on the sidewalk jacking themselves to the sight of her mostly naked body climaxing.
"OHHHHHHH FUUUUUUCK!" Jennifer screamed as I was standing with my cock still in Marge, her body shuddering and her juices squirting out down between her legs. "OHHHHHH FUCK!"
I reached into my pocket and turned off the vibrator, leaving her standing there, shuddering and leaking in full view of the two guys on the sidewalk.
I stepped over to Donna, who was standing stock still, clearly blushing, but not moving. "You don't have to do this," I whispered.
"I sorta do and sorta don't."
"Well, they've been looking at you naked. I think that's probably enough," I said as I gently took her arms and turned her away from the window. I actually didn't want them to take too much interest in her. I pulled her from the store window and led her out of sight before going back and finding the curtains for the window. I closed the curtains to block things out, all three ladies relaxing their bodies. It started with Gerry, and spread, the three giggling wildly as they discussed how it felt to be put on display.
I left them alone to recount their experience and went to find Donna, who was sitting in a chair by the dressing rooms. "I thought I could do it. I thought that it wouldn't be that hard. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to disappoint you," she said quietly, tears in the corners of her eyes.
"Hey, you didn't disappoint me at all," I answered with a smile. "I never said I wanted my girlfriend either stripping or becoming a manikin on a store window."
"You're not mad?" she asked, wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling us together.
"Not mad at all," I whispered.
She pulled her face back from mine, looking into my eyes for a few seconds before pressing her soft lips into a long hot wet kiss. As we embraced, she slowly pushed me backward, dragging herself off the chair until I was on my back with her laying on top of me. She lifted her hips and reached between us, finding my cock, still sticking out of my pants, and guiding it to her wet lips. "Ohhhhh yesssss!" she hissed quietly as she lowered herself down my slick cock. She worked her hips up and down, stroking her sweet soft pussy along my over excited shaft, her pussy stroking all the right spots.
"You're gonna make me come," I grunted, trying to hold back the urgent humping up towards her that my body was screaming for.
"Just let it. It's alright," she whispered. "I think you need this more than I do right now."
"Uhhhhhh damn," I groaned as my body bucked under her. She let all her weight on me, pressing her nude body against me, her lips moving to mine. She kissed me softly, letting my climax fill her pussy before kissing me more deeply.
"I love you," she whispered softly. "So much I love you." I opened my mouth to say something back, but she pressed her lips to mine to stop me. After kissing me for long seconds she broke the kiss. "Uh uh. Don't say anything. I didn't say it wanting to hear it back. I said it because I wanted you to know how I felt."
"Alright," I finally answered as she lay on me, my cock softening inside her.
"You know. I've never made love in a store, or surrounded by so many sexy things," she said quietly.
"Why don't you take the one you picked home with you. I'm sure Michael would appreciate seeing you wear it." I heard Marge say from behind us. "It's on me. Least I can do after what you just did with us."
"Thank you," she said, twisting to look up at her.
"I think we need to go. They want to close up, for real this time. Someone has a husband to go home to."
"Sure," Donna said getting up off of me. I got to my feet after she did, tucked my now shrunken cock back into my pants and we headed back to the car, the girls still naked in the cold night air. Donna dressed in the back seat on the way home and Marge drove in just her long coat.
"You know, Donna is going to visit family for the long weekend, and since I know you're not seeing Crystal any longer, why don't you come have Thanksgiving at our house. I'm sure Christina would love the company."
"I don't want to intrude. I'm sure you have lots of family time planned."
"Oh pish posh. You come. I promise not to mother you more than absolutely necessary."
"Well. I guess..." I started to reply.
"Good. That's settled. Christina will come pick you up Thursday morning. Let's say...nine?"
"Yes ma'am."
"Don't you start Ma'aming me again, or I'll stop this car and make you fuck me again until you call me Marge!" she said with a laugh.
"Alright Marge," I said, shaking my head.
Donna spent the night, and we did enjoy the new lingerie, a very sexy little teddy that hugged her sexy curves and made her look even better than she did naked. Thursday morning came and with it, Christina. She walked into my house without knocking, considerably earlier than nine o-clock. She found me in the basement, still showering, garden hose and all. To my surprise, she just sat and watched me, until I was done and dried off. She followed me wordlessly upstairs and watched me dress. "Nothing to say?"
"Well. I was just wondering what you look like every day. I mean I see you naked and fucking, but when you're not, when you're just being you, what do you look like?"
"This I guess," I answered.
"I guess," she said with a gentle shrug.
"Disappointed?"
"Not really. But it is different. I'm just not used to seeing you like this. I kinda like it actually."
"How so?" I asked as I stepped close to her, now that I was fully dressed.
She stood up, lifted her arms and put them around my neck. "You look perfectly...regular," she said softly before leaning her face to mine. She kissed me softly, our lips sucking each other's gently, almost lovingly. "You know, this is kind of comfortable. Not like last time we kissed. That time it was almost like we expected each other to up the ante until we were naked and fucking. This is...nice."
"Glad you think so," I said softly, my hands stroking up and down her back slowly, my finger tips teasing her skin through her shirt.
"Do you always do that?"
"Do what?"
"Touch like that?"
"I dunno. Yeah. I guess I do."
"Why?"
"You're full of questions today," I chuckled.
"Yeah. Sometimes," she said, letting her arms slide from my shoulders and her hands stroke down my arms. "We should go."
"If you say so."
"Uh huh," she said. "Mom likes to keep things on schedule. Only four hours until dinner."
"Only? Seems like a long time."
"Maybe," she said with a smile. She turned and did something I don't think she'd ever done before, she slipped inside my right arm, looping hers around me and pulling my hip towards hers. Not that we hadn't ever walked this way, but this was the first time SHE initiated it. It left me wondering what was going on in her pretty little mind. She led me to her car and in another complete surprise, tossed the keys to me. "You drive."
"I don't know the way."
"You haven't ever been to the house?"
"No," I said, shaking my head.
"No matter. I'll point."
"If you insist." I climbed in, adjusted the seat and started the car. A few snow flurries wisped by the windshield on the way to her house. I drove into the gravel drive and up over a hilltop, revealing a very large house with at least three garages. "Damn."
"Yeah. It's almost too big in my book, but mom and dad really like hosting parties."
"I didn't know they did."
"Yeah. One of these days I'm sure you'll get an invite, if you keep doing what you have been doing that is."
"What I have been doing?"
"Fucking mom," she said with a shrug.
"I thought you didn't like me doing that."
"I don't. But she does. And daddy's having a ball fucking his secretary's brains out. As long as you keep fucking mom, she's giving him the green light to bang her as much as he wants as long as it's not in her bed."
"Sounds like something changed in their relationship."
"Yeah. You and your cock," she said, looking over at me with a grin. "Not that I'm complaining. It is a nice cock."
"Uh huh. Now if it was only attached to a woman?" I said, jokingly.
She looked at me curiously. "Who knows," she finally said as I parked the car in front of the attached garage. "Come on," she said, getting out of the car and walking to an entrance door next to the overhead door. She waited, her hand out for mine expectantly. "Hope you don't mind going in the back way."
"Not at all," I answered, following her in through the garage and into a huge kitchen that was almost as big as half of my house.
"Michael!" Marge said with a wide smile, stepping over to me as she wiped her hands on a towel. She wrapped her arms around me and pressed her chest to mine as she squeezed me. "I'm so happy you could come."
"Well. Thanks for inviting me."
"Well. If we're lucky, someday you won't need to be invited, you'll be family."
"Uhhhh."
"On don't worry. It's just me being wishful," she said as she released me. "I have a lot to do, so why don't you two go down stairs and play."
"Mother!" Christina said with a frown. "Really?"
"Well. I know how much both of you enjoy a good fuck. Why don't you show him the toy room? Maybe you can find something to entertain yourselves until dinner."
Christina shook her head and took my hand, pulling me along to a door off the living room. She opened it and pulled me down the stairs. We stepped into a huge finished walkout basement. There were glass doors all along one side of the room, overlooking a huge green back yard with a small lake in the distance. I could see a huge hot tub on the flagstone patio and an arrangement of chairs and oversized lounge chairs more than big enough for two, arrayed around a large stone fire pit.
Inside the room was an air hocky table, a pool table, and several small tables with different kinds of games on them plus sofas and various kinds of lounge chairs. "Nice," I said as I looked it over.
"This isn't the toy room," she said as she walked across the room to what looked like a wall. She pulled on a panel and soon had the room nearly doubled in size. Behind the partition was an entirely different kind of room. The far wall had all kinds of things hanging on it. As I walked towards it I could see a wide variety of sex toys, some things that looked like wrist straps on poles, other things that I had no idea what they were for. There were more regular things as well, fuzzy hand cuffs, feathers and even what looked like a soft leather whip.
"Don't worry. I'm not into the tying and such. Mom and dad aren't either, but some of their friends, well, they don't mind being tied up and treated like property."
"What's this?" I asked as I stepped to what looked like a bunch of straps hanging from the ceiling.
"Sex swing. Never seen one?"
"Uh uh," I answered, moving the straps to try and figure out how it works.
"Here," she said, stepping to me. "Unzip me," she said, turning her back to me. I unzipped the back of her dress and she shrugged it off. She skimmed off her panties and then undid her bra. Last thing to go were her shoes. She stepped to the straps, completely naked, and quickly spread them out. She lifted herself onto what looked like a padded web seat and then leaned back. Her feet found the loops on the ends of the other straps and slipped into them. "Like this," she said, leaning back and pushing her legs apart.
"Damn," I said quietly, staring at her sexy nude body, her legs spreading wide enough to even spread her pussy lips apart. I stepped towards her and knelt down, pulling her on the swing the few inches to my face. I gently kissed her thighs, teasing her sensitive skin as I worked towards her pussy, first on one leg and then the other. She moaned softly as I kissed her lips, tasting her pussy and smelling the faint scent of flowery perfume or soap from her morning shower. I pulled her towards me, my tongue teasing between her lips and stroking up to her hard little clit.
"Oh fuck," she grunted in surprise as I flicked my tongue across her hard nub, feeling her whole body spasm at my touch. I dipped my tongue down between her lips again, stroking up and across her clit slowly, teasingly, until I got yet another moan of pleasure. "Ohhhhhh fuuuuuuck yessss."
I knelt there, licking and teasing her pussy, her juices quickly growing sweet and flowing more easily as I pushed her slowly building orgasm closer to climax. Over and over I teased her, her legs occasionally clamping around my head when I spent too much time on her clit. I lost track of how long I'd been licking her, her legs trembling and shuddering before she pushed my face away. "Oh Fuck. Enough," she said, leaning forward and slipping off the swing. "God damn," she said, her legs trembling a little as she reached out for me. She wrapped her arms around my body and pulled us together, her lips urgently pressing against mine in a long wet kiss. "Fuck that was good. I can't remember the last time I came so long."
"Glad you approve."
"Approve doesn't even begin to cover it," she said, resting her head on my shoulder. "Can you build a fire?" she asked, before answering her own question. "Of course YOU can. What a stupid question. There doesn't seem to be much you can't do. Will you build a fire? Out there?"
"Yeah. Is there stuff?"
"Up by the house," she said as she walked towards one of the sliding glass doors. "Here. Wrap in this," she said, pulling a fuzzy blanket off a shelf by the door. I wrapped in it to keep the cold morning air at bay and then walked outside to start a fire in the pit. It didn't take long before I had a nice fire roaring away. I walked back into the house, finding her still naked, but wrapped in a fuzzy blanket similar to mine. "Okay sweetie. Take off your clothes," she said, dropping the blanket and reaching for my shirt.
I chuckled. "You want me naked?"
"Of course," she answered with a smile.
I shrugged and helped her take off my clothes until I was as naked as she was. She reached for a third, even larger furry blanket and stepped to the back door, sliding it open. "Well? Come on. It's only cold for a minute," she said before darting out into the cold. By the time I got to her, she had the blanket spread out across one of the oversized lounge chairs and was climbing onto it. She waited for me to get on the chair with her and then she pulled the blanket up until we were both wrapped in it like a furry burrito.
"Now it's my turn," she said, moving inside the blanket, pulling her head inside as she climbed on top of me. I felt her hand find my nearly flaccid cock and lay it so that she could press her wet pussy against it. I felt her grind herself slowly into it, her head moving down as she arched her back and her lips pressing to one of my nipples. She teased my nipple with her tongue, flicking across it and circling around it much like I've done to hers. Between the feeling of her pussy on my dick and her teasing my nipple I could feel my cock quickly growing between us. She lay down flat on me again, popping her head out of the blanket, this time right next to mine. I felt her feel between us, guiding my cock to her pussy, and then felt her slowly push herself back, her pussy lips gobbling up my cock and her other lips nibbling gently at my earlobe. I moved my hands to her hips and tried to push up towards her. "Uh uh. This time you get to just lay here and let me do all the work. Okay?"
"Okay," I answered quietly as she started to rock her hips. I felt her slowly stroke herself on me, working me deeper into her until I could feel her clit driving into the base of my shaft.
"Mmmmmmmmm. Such a nice cock," she moaned softly, her tits pressed to my chest, her hard nipples rubbing my chest with each tilt of her hips. In and out I slid, only a couple short inches, but always deep inside her. I could feel my head press against her cervix as she ground herself against me. I felt her shift slightly, pushing herself up my body until she could whisper in my ear. "Come for me sweetie. Come in my hot little pussy. You know you want to. You want to fill me with your hot cum, pumping it into me, so deep. So full. Come for me whenever you're ready."
"Soon," I whispered back, feeling the tingle and warmth spread through my body as she teased me closer to climax.
"That's it. Feel me stroking you. Your cock is sooooo deep inside me. I can feel it pushing almost all the way to my belly, pressing up inside me so big and fat. I can feel your cock getting fatter too, your cum getting ready to fill me up. Ohhhhhhhh there it is. That's it baby. Let me have it!" she said with a grunt as my body bucked under her, jamming me hard against her cervix, the first squirt of my cum lancing deep into her. "Oh fuck yes. That's it baby. That's what I wanted to feel," she moaned as her pussy clenched around me, my body jerking and twitching as I pumped her full of my cum. "Mmmmmmmmm. Perrrrrrrfect," she purred in my ear, laying her body fully on mine, her hard nipples pressing into my chest. "Tell me that isn't exactly what you wanted to do."
"It was," I agreed a little breathlessly as my cock started to soften, my body still occasionally twitching beneath her. We lay there for long minutes before my cock finally slipped from inside her. She rolled off of me and lay next to me pulling the blanket down enough to lay her head on my shoulder, her nose nuzzling my neck as we let the heat from the fire wash over us, helping to keep us warm.
"You know why my parents were hoping you'd make an honest woman out of me, don't you?"
"Actually, I don't."
"Two reasons. One is they want grandchildren, and they know damn well that isn't going to happen as long as I'm screwing married couples. The second is they want someone to pass the company down to."
"What about you?"
"Me?" she asked with a chuckle. "No. I don't think so. I built my own company and I love what I do. I fly around the world, buying and examining fashion. I'd never make it in a hard product industry. No. that'd be more down your alley."
"Yeah. Except there isn't much chance of us getting married," I chuckled. "Not that you're not sexy and sweet, but we both know that there are limits to how...um...non-traditional I can be."
"Non- traditional? Is that what you call it?"
"Only name I can think of."
"I guess it's as good a name as any."
"I suppose. So you think they'll get their grandchildren?"
"Actually, yes. I hope so anyway."
"Yeah?"
"Uh huh. I've actually thought about it quite a bit in the last few months. I can't be tied down, but if I hired a nanny to travel with me with the children, they can be tutored and they'd get life experiences around the world. It could be great for them."
"It could also be horrible for them. Where do they get friends? No. Kids need constants in their life. A home every day, a school every day, friends that they can see. No, I don't think globe-trotting with them is the answer. Maybe if you had a nanny that stayed here and you limited your trips. You don't always have to be gone."
"See. That's what mom loves about you. You can cut through the bullshit and see problems right off the top," she said, patting my chest with her hand.
"It's not that hard."
"Do you suppose babies inherit that kind of thing? I mean look at you. You're sweet, you're caring, you're loving, and you're smart as hell. Do you think you inherited that or is it how you were brought up?"
"Some of both I guess," I said with a shrug. "Why?"
"What would you say if I asked you to make me pregnant?"
"Wait! What?"
"I think you heard every word I said, or you wouldn't be worried. Don't be. I haven't gone off birth control. At least not yet. But I might."
"You might."
"I might if you agreed."
"If I agreed to what?"
She shifted to lift herself up to look at my eyes. "If you agreed to make me pregnant. I might not be ready to get married, but I sure as hell know what kind of man I'd want my little boys to grow up like. I haven't run across too many of them."
"I'm flattered. But damn. I'd need to think about it."
"We'd write up a contract. I don't want you to feel like I'd be sticking you with anything. You could choose how much you wanted to be in their life, if at all. No child support, no promises of marriage, just your seed and my seed joining. You have to admit, this would be a hell of a lot more fun that buying your sperm from you and having someone inject it into me."
"Well. Hell yeah it would be. But should we be doing it?"
She looked at me seriously. "Michael. You and I both know that you care for Donna, but you don't love her. You DO love Crystal, even though you sent her away."
"How do you know that?"
"Because I've held her while she cried for more nights than I can remember."
"I didn't even know you were friends."
"We weren't, before you. Seems we have something in common. Or at least, we did."
"I just couldn't..." I started to say.
"Shhhhh. I know. She knows. No one is blaming you," she whispered, resting her fingers on my lips. "You've been hurt more than a person has a right to be. You have a big heart and unfortunately that heart attached to the two people that can't give you the kind of life you can be comfortable with. Maybe some day you will. Maybe some day that'd be me."
"You?"
She chuckled, "I can hope, right?"
"Christina, I like you. But love?"
"I know," she said with a sigh. "Like I said, I could hope. But I know it can't happen until someone else is out of your system, and she's not."
"I sent her away," I said, laying my head back and looking up at the tiny wispy snowflakes floating down around us.
"You sent her away, but you didn't stop loving her," she whispered. "How did you put it? An instant chemical reaction. Yes. I believe in love at first sight, even if that person doesn't love you back."
I looked down at her. "You? Hell you were mean and harsh to me."
"I was. Okay. It wasn't love at first sight exactly. You were my father's idea of a good man. I wanted you to go away. I wanted you to be some pain in the ass horrible dick head that I didn't have to deal with or think about. Then you had to come to New York with me. You had to be a damn gentleman. You had to treat me like a lady and make me actually look at you while I was fucking you. You had to make me feel special," she said, her voice falling almost to a whisper. "And now, here I am, trying to ask you to give me a baby, and hoping you'll say yes."
"Damn. That's a lot to drop on a guy."
"Yeah, well, it's a lot for a woman to say too," she said with a sigh, laying her head on my shoulder again. "You don't have to say yes, but for right now, please don't say no."
"How about I say I'll think about it," I whispered, pulling her closer to me, and squeezing her.
If anything, it felt a lot damn colder getting out of our little cocoon than it did getting into it. Marge couldn't help but smile a little to herself as we stood in the basement and dressed, finally heading up to the kitchen for dinner.
Dinner was good. Marge is a surprisingly good cook. By the time dinner was done, I felt like I could roll away from the table. I managed to make my way to the sofa and sit down to watch football with Robert while the girls took care of cleaning up. I could hear them talking, but couldn't make out what they were saying. I supposed that she was telling her mom that I hadn't said yes.
"So, you and my daughter seem to be getting along a lot better," Robert said between plays. "Is this a good thing?"
"Well. I don't know. At least she isn't berating me over something stupid."
"That's her defense mechanism. I look at it as a good thing that she took such a dislike to you. It means that she actually DID like you," he said with a chuckle. "But I know how crazy that sounds. Hell, she spent almost three grand on you in New York. I'd have bet that she wouldn't have spent twenty bucks on you. But no. She wanted to make a statement," he said, laughing softly. "Don't worry. The money is nothing. The fact that she felt the need to make a statement. THAT's what mattered."
"Well. We're getting along better. I guess if we weren't, she wouldn't have asked me to do that."
"Do what?"
I looked quickly at him, suddenly realizing that I'd just sunk my knees deep into the mud. "Oh. Um. Go to the Christmas party," I stammered out, hoping to cover my blunder.
"Oh. Yeah. The party," he said, not quite buying it but also not forcing the issue. "So you're going with her?"
"Probably not."
"No?"
"I'm thinking about not going at all."
"Really? How come?"
"Crystal. I know she'll be there and to be honest, I don't really want to see her right now. It just hurts too much."
"Yeah. I Know what you mean. It sucks to fall in love with someone that can't or won't reciprocate. Been there, got that t-shirt."
"You?"
"Oh yeah. Before Marge. I was madly in love with a little dancer that lived up the street. I kept telling her how I was going to marry her some day, and she kept telling me how I was crazy," he said shaking his head. "It seemed like an eternity when I didn't see her for a whole day. Then I saw her walking with another boy and it about broke my heart. I thought I'd never live to see eleven."
"Eleven!?"
"Yeah. I was only ten. She was my first crush. Oh I went on to know a lot of girls. Even got married once. Didn't work out too well and we broke up. I was in a diner one night when she walked in around midnight. She was the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. I couldn't believe it. She looked over at me, sitting there eating a cheeseburger, and then turned away, as if she didn't care if I existed or not. I was staring, I knew I was, but I couldn't help it. She got up and walked over to me, wearing a pair of micro shorts and a bare midriff top. The bottom of her tits showed under the bottom of the shirt, and they wiggled so enticingly when she walked. I was mesmerized."
"He didn't even hear me the first time I talked to him," Marge said with a smile from where she stood behind the sofa, a dish towel in her hand.
"I didn't. I was totally oblivious. I did hear the second time. She asked me if I wanted her to just strip down right there or if I wanted to lay her across a table first. I couldn't believe it. I had no idea what she meant. Her anger and distain for me was obvious."
"Huh? That's what he said. Huh?" Marge said with a laugh.
"Yeah. Huh? Then she asked again if I wanted to fuck her there or on the table. I responded the only way I knew how. I told her that a woman of her exquisite beauty deserved to have her body worshiped, from tip to toe, outside and in."
"That was one hell of a pickup line too," Marge said as Christina stepped over to listen in.
"Did it work?"
"Better than he could have imagined. I took him home and let him worship my body all night. In the morning he had to leave but promised to be back that night. I didn't actually expect him to show up, but he did."
"And you've been together since?" I asked.
"I wish," Marge said. "I didn't tell him at first what I did, but eventually I had to. Like you, he had a problem with it."
"Kind of like Crystal did, she took me to the club she worked on and I watched her strip for the first time. It wasn't my finest hour."
"It was less than his finest hour. He demanded that I stop stripping or he was gone. I wasn't surprised. I'd lost more than one potential boyfriend that way," Marge said quietly.
"So how did you work it out?" I asked, thinking about Crystal and myself.
"We made a deal. I wouldn't have sex with anyone but him, but I could dance and let the guys touch to their heart's content. I mean that's where the money is," Marge answered.
"And I could fuck any of the girls that wanted to as long as I was in the dressing room. Some of those girls get awfully turned on out there. Anyway, I could fuck them to my heart's content."
"As long as he didn't come, and he made sure they got satisfaction."
"At first I thought it was heaven. But after while I realized the trap she set for me. I could only come with her which made me frustrated with sex that wasn't with her. She was a hell of a lot smarter than me."
"Not that sometimes a particularly rambunctious girl didn't make him come while she was getting off on him, but for the most part, he stayed to the agreement. It kept him from thinking about or watching what I did on stage. Eventually he got used to both, and here we are."
"So we are," he said, reaching up to grab her breasts and kissing her back as she leaned over the back of the sofa to kiss him. "Though it seems the last few months she's been particularly more playful than in recent years. Hell, the Halloween party was just plain wild. I can't remember a party like that in the last twenty years."
"Well. It was a little too wild," Marge said. "I think we'll have to tamp the Christmas party down a little or we may not be allowed to use the hotel any more."
"True," Robert agreed. "You have ideas?"
"Our new communications and social media specialist made several interesting ideas. Yes. I think we have a plan."
"Good! I'll leave it in your hands then," he answered.
"And I'll leave these in your hands," she giggled, pressing one of his hands against one of her breasts. "We're about done with dishes, if you wanna come help."
"Does that help include you losing your clothing?"
"After a sort," she said with a grin, straightening up and turning away. "You can sit down with Michael if you want," she said to Christina. "Robert will finish drying."
Christina dropped the towel in her dad's lap and walked over to one of the large chaise lounge sections of the sofa and dropped onto it. She rolled onto her side, pulled a pillow over to prop herself up and then another, patting it into place as a backrest. She patted the spot next to her. "Well? Need an engraved invitation?" she asked me as her dad got up and headed towards the kitchen.
I got up and walked the few steps to her and lay on my back, using the pillow as a prop for my back, my head resting on the sofa back so I was comfortably reclined and could still see the TV. She quickly scooted up enough to be able to rest her head on my chest and see the TV as well, one leg cocked and laying over mine, her right hand resting on my crotch. "You know. It won't be long and those two will be naked."
"Yeah?"
"Uh huh. They do this all the time. She'll spill water on herself so she has to take clothes off, and he'll tease her body until they go downstairs to the playroom. I hope when I'm married that I can still be that playful after so many years."
"I'm sure you will be, if you want to be," I answered. We watched the game in silence for some time, listening to her parents' playful banter. I didn't have to see to know that Marge was now naked and getting her tits sucked on and pussy stroked. I also couldn't help my dick growing under Christina's hand.
"Someone's getting excited," she whispered, letting her hand stroke me through my slacks.
"Kinda hard not to, isn't it?" I asked, sliding my left hand across my body to let one finger stroke across her hard nipple where it poked her dress top out.
"Kinda," she answered in a whisper. "You know. I kinda liked what we did outside."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah. It was...I don't know. Comfortable. Kinda sweet. Is that what it feels like to have sex when you're in love with someone?"
"It can," I said with a shrug, thinking back to how Sylvia and I had made love. "Sometimes it's like that. Sometimes it's kind of wild. Just depends on what mood the two of you are in."
"Like how wild?"
"Oh. Not as wild as Crystal and I have been, or Debbie and I have been. Maybe intense is a better description."
"What's the craziest sex you ever had with your wife?"
"We had sex in a dressing room one time," I said with a chuckle.
"Oh yeah? Tell me about it."
"Not much to tell. It was late. The store was going to close pretty soon. She was buying some underwear and asked me to get a different size. When I came back, she opened the door of the changing room to get them and pulled me in with her. It only took her a few moments to get my pants open and get me into her. I don't know what she was thinking about before that, but she was damn ready. I don't think I took two minutes before she was coming around my cock."
"Did you? Come too I mean?"
"Oh yeah!" I answered with another chuckle. "I came like a freight train."
"It sounds like you two were really good for each other. Why didn't it work out?"
"We were too different. Opposites may attract, but they can't live together."
"Explain."
"Easy. The biggest issue was that I was a slob, and she couldn't stand that. She was damn near OCD, and if I left my socks on the floor next to the hamper it'd cause a fight. If I forgot to put my plate in the sink or dropped a piece of trash on the floor, well, it led to way too many fights. We always thought that it would get better, but it never did."
"Do you still love her?"
I was silent a long time before I quietly answered yes.
"Do you love Crystal?"
I sighed softly. "Unfortunately yes."
"Then why did you send her away?"
"Because it hurt too much to keep seeing her, knowing that her stripping was more important to her than any future with me."
"I think I know how you feel," she whispered.
I looked down at her. "This coming from the woman that did her best to embarrass me the first time we met."
"Yeah. Well. My dad says that's my defense mechanism. I can't get too close to anyone if I push them away fast enough. It didn't seem to work with you though."
"No?"
"Uh uh. I mean... don't get me wrong. I'm not at all interested in getting married to you. But I have to admit, you make me feel awfully damn good when you're with me."
"Good as in sexually satisfied?"
"Uh uh. I can get that anywhere. I mean good as in, complete. Like I don't have to look for anything more than what's in my arms right now."
"Christina. I don't think..."
"Shhhhh," she said, moving her hand from my crotch to my lips. She pressed a finger against my lips and looked up at me. "Don't. Just let it be the way it is... Please."
"Okay," I answered her.
"Will you make love to me, the way we did outside?"
"Here?"
"Now. Here," she whispered, pushing herself up. She moved to straddle me and pulled her dress up and off, exposing her entire body to me, including her sexy tits and rock hard nipples. She looked down at me with a smile and slid back down my legs, moving far enough to get to the front of my pants. In moments she had my belt undone and the front of my pants open, trying to work them down, giggling like a little girl as she tried to force them down my legs. She finally climbed off the end of the chaise and pulled and tugged my pants until she could pull them all the way off me. She crawled up my body again, sitting her wet pussy on my shaft, my head sticking out from between our bodies as she unbuttoned the front of my shirt. "What would you do if I just ripped your shirt open?" she asked with a grin as she worked on the dress shirt buttons.
"Probably make you sew them back on."
She stopped working on my buttons, and then with a devilish little grin, jerked the front open, popping half the buttons off the shirt. She pushed it open and looked down at me, stopping what she was doing to just look. Her hands rested on my chest as her face slowly changed from the devilish grin to one of longing. She slowly lowered herself down, aiming her lips for mine. I felt her gently suck my lower lip and then softly kiss me. We lay there, her tits pressed to my bare chest for long minutes, slowly kissing and sucking each other's lips, our tongues occasionally teasing each other.
I felt her lift her hips and move one hand between us, finding my rock hard cock. Without breaking the kiss, she lifted herself enough to work my head between her lips and nestle me into the entrance to her depths. She moaned softly into my mouth as she lowered herself down, letting my cock slowly sink deep into her. She broke the kiss but rested her forehead on mine, her nose brushing mine, as she started to lift and lower her hips, slowly working me in and out of her sweet pussy. Up and down she slid, slowly teasing us both. I moved my hands from her hips to her tits, gently squeezing and kneading them, her hard nipples sticking between my fingers. I squeezed her nipples in time with her stokes, bringing little gasps of pleasure from her. "Oh God I love this," she whispered breathlessly, working her hips up and down.
I could feel her vaginal walls start to contract, to squeeze me as she stroked herself up and down, the tighter confines stroking all the right spots in all the right ways. I could feel her legs start to tremble slightly as she continued to pump up and down, the urgency to feel her strokes on my cock growing by the second. I shifted my legs and started to push back up into her, our bodies now slapping together lightly with each stroke. "Do it. Come for me," she moaned softly feeling my own impending climax building.
"Uhhhhh. Fuck," I grunted as my body jerked hard, trying to jam my cock into her. She forced herself down on me, driving my cock deep into her as the first gush of cum flowed into her.
"Ahhhhh. Yes!" she squeaked about three octaves higher than her usual voice. She held herself over me, feeling my body spasm and jam into her pulsating pussy, both of us riding our mutual orgasm's peak together.
Slowly, our bodies relaxed. I moved my hands from her tits to her bare ass, caressing her ass cheeks as she lay herself flat on me again, her body bent somewhat awkwardly since I wasn't laying flat. She lay there, silently, her eyes looking at mine, until she felt my softening cock slip from her. She slid off me, back to where she had been, between me and the sofa back, her leg once again crooked and laying over mine, her leg gently nudging my balls. She lay her head on my chest and then whispered, "Thank you."
"You're welcome," I answered her softly, my arm around her gently stroking her right butt cheek and hip.
"You know. If you were to say yes, you could do this as much as you wanted."
"Yes to making you pregnant?" I asked.
"Uh huh. That wouldn't be a bad thing, would it?"
"What about Donna? She might not think it's a great thing."
She lifted her head off my chest and looked at me. "We both know Donna isn't your soulmate. She's a wonderful woman, and I think she does truly love you, but you're looking for something a lot deeper than what you feel for her."
"I don't want to hurt her."
"So don't. But don't think that staying with her when you don't find the kind of love you're looking for, is not going to hurt her."
"How do you know what kind of love I'm looking for?"
"I've seen it. I've seen how you look when you think of Crystal. I've heard it in your voice when you remember the good times with Sylvia. You're kind of lucky. You've felt a kind of love I've never felt. I know I'm not your forever girl either. But I know that, and I accept that. Until you find that kind of love, that love that makes you not want to do it with anyone but her, I'll be here."
"If I didn't know better, I'd think you were falling in love with me."
"Yeah. I'd think that too," she said as she lay her head on my chest again.
We didn't talk about it again. Dinner was leftovers followed by a couple typical Thanksgiving movies. It didn't seem at all odd that the four of us were laying naked watching the movies. I shared her bed and we made gentle love twice more before she took me home the next morning. In some ways I was sorry that I had to go home. I had work to do, but I know that we were "friendly". I had to admit that it felt nice. I was going to have to give some serious thought to her proposal.