Hello everyone!! I hope you all are enjoying the Cassidy Chronicles. She has so many stories that she wants to tell; so I decided that I would start a supplementary set of bonus stories that are extra tales of her exploits. As always, I hope you enjoy and feel free to rate, leave comments, and all that jazz. The stories in the main chronicles can be read as standalones, but it's best to read them chronologically as listed below.
Chronicle 1 : Poolside Fuck
Chronicle 2 : Mall Quickie
Chronicle 3 : Promise Not To Tell
Chronicle 4 : Cassidy and the DP
******This is a fictional story and everyone is 18 and over******
Cassidy's sophomore year was over in the blink of an eye. She had finished all of her final exams and was headed back to Orlando with her parents. Her second year of college went by extremely fast, but Cassidy was happy to be back home for a much needed summer vacation.
She came home on a Friday and by the following weekend her parents were getting ready for another trip; only this time it wasn't for work. They were going to spend a few days in Tampa for their high school reunion, and Cassidy would have the house all to herself. After many hugs and kisses she bid them farewell and waved as they drove down the street. She stood in the doorway for a moment and felt a breeze blow through her hair before looking up at the sky.
"It's such a nice day today," she said to herself. There wasn't a cloud to be seen, and the weather was balmy and breezy. She had planned to go to the gym after her parents left but quickly decided against it. Friday afternoons like that were meant for being outside, and lifting weights could wait until later. There was a park ten minutes away from her house, and it was full of lush trees, rivers, and long walking trails. Cassidy decided that a walk would be a great way to get out of the house. She pulled her hair back into a high ponytail and went to get changed before heading out. Even though she wanted to get out of the house for a bit, she also wanted to have fun with the park patrons.
Once there she found a parking spot and made her way over to a walking trail. Her outfit consisted of a low cut v-neck green tank top that accentuated her cleavage, a white flowy mini skirt made of a thin material, and white tennis shoes. As she began her stroll down the pathway a breeze blew by; making her flimsy skirt which just covered her ass sway to and fro. She wore no panties and continued to walk casually even as her skirt exposed her plump cheeks. A jogger was running down the path she was on, and she flashed him a small smile while waving in a friendly fashion. She didn't try to adjust her skirts even as it flew up again exposing herself to him, and the jogger's eyes grew wide with surprise as he ran past her. She heard his footsteps slow down behind her as she kept walking, and when she shot him a quick glance she was delighted to see that he was staring at her. A married couple passed by a few minutes later and her skirt swayed in the wind again. She didn't look at them, but she heard the woman say in an angry tone," What the hell were you looking at?"
She continued on her walk, garnering looks of surprise, shock, and interest from those that she passed. She let the breeze decide how her skirt should be. Sometimes it fell down in place and other times it would be bunched up; but either way, Cassidy made no effort to cover herself. She acted unconcerned about flashing her body in public, and it was thrilling. She loved the glances she got from people, and she could feel her pussy grow hot from the attention she received. The wind blowing against her ass felt so good, and her nipples hardened into tiny pebbles.
Just up ahead there was a wooden bridge that ran over a river, and as Cassidy got closer she noticed a family of ducks swimming around. She stood on the bridge and smiled as the six small ducklings quacked and swam close to their mother. They made their way under the bridge and out of sight just as Cassidy walked off the bridge. Her skirt blew up again and exposed her ass completely, and she heard a wolf whistle behind her.
"Now that, is a sight to fucking behold."
Immediately recognizing the voice she turned around and saw a tall man with tanned skin, thick curly hair, and dark green eyes walking toward her. She smiled and walked over to him, inviting him in with a big hug. He returned the smile and as he hugged her his hands trailed down to her ass before giving it a nice squeeze.
"Really Cameron?" She said in a joking tone.
"How could I not when it's just on display like this?" He responded while gripping her cheeks and slapping them, making Cassidy moan against his chest. "That ass is just out there and begging to be touched."
Cameron Laurent was one of Cassidy's flings before she went to Miami, and the two had many interesting and titillating moments together. Cameron was half Black and half French. He stood at six feet in height with a muscular body, good looks and a big dick. He ignited her enjoyment of having sex in places other than the bedroom, and when she showed interest in anal sex he was the one who took her anal virginity. She already enjoyed sex but trying anal sex made Cassidy want sex that much more. As he lifted her skirt and squeezed her ass again Cassidy's hands went down to his jeans and felt his crotch.
"You always did enjoy rubbing on my ass," she said in a smooth tone.
"You're right," said Cameron. "Just as much as I enjoyed fucking it too."
His cock was growing hard in his jeans, and another moan escaped Cassidy's lips when he smacked her ass again. "You still like being fucked as much as possible?"
"LIke it? I love it," she responded as she began to unzip his jeans. Her hands slid past the waistband of his boxer briefs was she was delighted to see that his cock was already hard.
"I also still love sucking big dicks..."
Cassidy gave Cameron a lustful look as she released his member from his underwear. His cock proudly stood out before him and with her hand still wrapped around it she lead the way down the bridge to the wooden pillar; which she had him lean against. She bent before him with her legs spread and she licked the length of his cock from the base all the way to the sensitive head. She took him into her mouth and immediately her tongue swirled repeatedly around the tip while she enthusiastically began to suck him off, eliciting a moan from Cameron.
"Oh fuuuuccckkkk," Cameron said in a lustful tone as he watched her. Pleasure rushed through him as that tongue of hers massaged his cock, and with a wet pop she released him from her lips and gave him a lustful glare while stroking him.
"Fuck my face Cameron," she said sensually. "Do it. Shove your fucking cock down my throat."
She placed one hand on his leg to steady herself and she remained still as Cameron held her head. He began to shove his cock down her throat, making Cassidy gag around him. He gave her a second to catch her breath before fucking her throat again, and he groaned when he pushed his cock into her mouth and she took the entire length with ease.
"That's right, take it," he growled. "Swallow my dick like a good cock whore." He held her there for a moment and smirked when he noticed that Cassidy was rubbing her clit. He released his hold on her head and when she freed his cock from her lips she went right to face-fucking herself. Her fingers were relentlessly rubbing her clit while she sucked off Cameron. She didn't care nor think about if someone was watching them. Her mind wasn't on that at all. All she could think about was using her mouth to service his cock while pleasuring herself. A shudder went through Cassidy and she moaned against Cameron's dick as her own orgasm overtook her, and she could feel his cock begin to twitch. Cameron moaned loudly as jet after jet of hot cum filled Cassidy's mouth, making her moan that much more as she swallowed every drop. She kept him between her lips, sucking him off to make sure that she didn't waste any cum. It was only when his cock stopped twitching that she released him from her lips and began to lick his cock clean.
Cameron was at a loss for words. Cassidy was always good at sucking cock, but she only got better since they had last had sex. She knew how to deep throat and had upgraded to face fucking, which greatly impressed him.
"So...how was it?" Cassidy asked as she began to stand.
"You've only gotten better with that mouth of yours," he responded with satisfaction.
"Don't think we are done just yet," Cassidy stated as she started to walk back onto the bridge. "That was just a teaser. I still want you to fuck my ass like the good cock slut that I am."
******************************************************************************************
Cameron's car was parked two rows away from Cassidy's and they decided to meet at her house to finish what they had started. Cassidy arrived there first and took notice at how there was a lawn company truck outside and four men gathering up their equipment to cut the grass and trim the bushes. As Cassidy walked inside, an idea came to her. She was still horny from blowing Cameron in the park, and she still wanted to show off.
The living room had a set of sliding glass doors that led to the backyard, and near the door was an oversized ottoman. She went to her room to grab a bottle of lube along with a large blue towel, and by the time she placed everything on the ottoman she heard a knock on the door. Cameron had arrived and while Cassidy was locking the front door, he smirked and gave her ass a sharp smack. Cassidy gave him a playful look while he returned it with a smug smile.
"I told you, it's just begging for it," he replied casually.
"It's also begging for a lot more than a smack," Cassidy replied smoothly as she took off her shoes and led the way to the living room. Once there Cassidy pulled the curtains back to reveal the pool and the lawn, and she saw one of the lawmen out there with his lawn mower. She turned to Cameron and said with a sexy wink,"I hope you don't mind if we have an audience."
"You always want to be the center of attention I see," Cameron said with a devilish grin. "Trust me, people watching will not stop me from fucking you."
"I'm glad to hear that," Cassidy said as she approached Cameron and bent down in front of him like she did at the park. "Let's put on a good show for them shall we?"
She undid his pants and was pleased to see that his cock was hard and needing to be released from his boxer briefs. She pulled them along with his jeans down in one swoop and began to hungrily suck him off. Her pussy was already drenched with need and the idea of people possibly watching her fuck only made her hornier. Cameron took off his shirt and Cassidy reluctantly released him from her lips so he could better take off his clothes. Once he was fully naked she began to suck him off again while rubbing her clit, moaning from the pleasure she gave herself and from pleasing him. Cameron took Cassidy's hair out of its ponytail so he could grab a handful of it and he began to pump his cock into her mouth. Cassidy got on her knees and placed her hands behind her back so he could fuck her mouth as he pleased.
"Such a good little slut you are," Cameron moaned with pleasure. He had Cassidy take his length into her mouth and hold it there for a few seconds, and a moan escaped his lips. "Look at you, taking my entire cock like that..even with people watching."
When Cameron first started face fucking Cassidy he quickly noticed how the lawn mower never started. He looked over and smirked when he saw the man looking at the window with utter shock on his face. His colleague came and smacked his shoulder trying to see what the holdup was, but even he couldn't help but sneak a glance as he tried to get his guy back to work. Cameron let go of Cassidy's hair and let her suck him off as she pleased, and she began to stroke his length while sucking and licking the head of his cock. Cameron meanwhile moved the lube bottle and spread the towel out on the ottoman just as Cassidy began to stand. She removed her tank top and bra before lazily tossing them out of the way while Cameron went to pull down her flimsy skirt. She kicked it off just as he laid down on the ottoman and Cassidy climbed on top of him. She guided his cock inside of her pussy and moaned as his thick cock stretched her.
"My god, you're so fucking wet," Cameron moaned as Cassidy's lowered herself onto his member.
"It's just like you remember huh?" Cassidy asked in a lusty tone. Cassidy moved slowly up and down his cock, but once she adjusted she gave Cameron a provocative glare.
"Fuck me Cameron," she said. "Don't hold back. I need your cock to slam into me."
Cameron flashed her a cunning smile. "Anything you say Cassidy."
He grabbed her ass and began to thrust hard into her pussy, making Cassidy moan loudly as he fucked her ruthlessly. She tightened her muscles around him to make herself even smaller which earned her a slap to her ass.
"That's right Cass, squeeze that fucking pussy of yours," he growled with pleasure. He smacked her ass again before gripping her round cheeks, and Cassidy was reduced to crying out with desire as he slammed into her. Her tits were swaying in front of his face and he captured her nipple in his lips and began to suck on it, which sent another wave of pleasure through her body. She looked over at the glass door with lust in her eyes as she saw the lawn men attempt to do their job but also watch her and Cameron. They kept taking glances at the spectacle in the house and were also moving a lot slower with getting their tasks done. Both turned on by his words and by the men unable to stop watching her, Cassidy began to ride him. Her ass bounced on top of him and she fucked him with everything she had, and in turn Cameron moaned in ecstasy while gripping her ass.
"You like that huh? You like getting fucked by me?" Cassidy asked in a voice full of lust.
"It's fucking amazing," he responded while enjoying the ride. Her ass got a few slaps of appreciation on both cheeks before he pulled Cassidy off of his dick. He scooted her body forward until her pussy was above her lips, and he began to flick his tongue across her clit. A soft moan escaped her lips as his relentless tongue teased her sensitive nub, and once he sucked on it Cassidy moaned even louder. He held her hips so that she couldn't escape his lips and tongue and once finished, he got out from underneath her completely and grabbed the bottle of lube. Cassidy was already on all fours and arched her back as Cameron applied the clear liquid to his cock. As he got his cock ready he smirked at the sight of her ass in the air and rubbed his hand over her smooth flesh before giving it a squeeze.
"You ready for some cock in your ass Cassidy?"
"Fuck yeah I am," Cassidy said sensually as she felt the head of his member rub against her asshole. She felt him begin to enter her ass and a loud moan escaped her lips. His cock easily stretched her ass and and he poured more lube onto his member so that his entering her would be even easier. It didn't take long for him to build a rhythm nor for Cassidy to get used to his size, and by the time she adjusted her moans grew urgent with need. Her hand reached between her legs and began to massage her clit as Cameron began to thrust inside her ass; moaning from how tight she was around him.
"Damn Cassidy. You're one hell of an ass fuck,"he managed to say in between moans as he watched how she easily took his dick inside of her. Cassidy meanwhile was overloaded with pleasure. Between her fingers on her clit and Cameron's cock she was surprised she could even think straight. All she felt was ecstasy, and she knew that she was close to bursting.
"It feels so fucking good!!" She cried out unashamedly. "Fuck my ass Cameron, fuck me harder!!"
Cameron did as she asked, and before she knew it Cameron began to hammer into her ass. He held her hips as he thrust hard and deep into her like she wanted, and Cassidy's moans turned into cries of lust. Each thrust was unforgiving, and she could feel her body begin to shudder. With one final cry her pussy clenched and her hand was coated with her sweet juices while her ass clenched harder around Cameron's cock. Even then, he continued to fuck Cassidy through her orgasm as his breathing grew more ragged. His grip on her hips tightened and she knew that he was close as well.
"Cum in my ass!," Cassidy managed to cry. "Fill my fucking ass with your cum!!"
A loud groan of satisfaction escaped Cameron's lips as his cock jerked repeatedly. Cassidy gasped as she felt his cock move inside of her, filling her with endless jets of hot cum. He only pulled out of her ass once his climax subsided, and Cassidy turned to face him while still on all fours. She licked the head of his cock and swirled her tongue around it before taking his cock into her mouth to clean him off. Cameron meanwhile groaned from her tongue flicking around him again, and he grabbed a handful of her hair to better watch her suck his cock.
"Wow...fucking wow," Cameron managed to say in between moans.
Cassidy released his cock and gave him a sexy smile. "I can say the same thing about you." She felt his cum begin to leak out of her ass and she added,"You really filled my ass up Cameron."
She felt more of his hot cum start to slowly come out and it fell on the towel beneath her. Her gaze then went over to the sliding doors where she started to laugh. The men outside had barely gotten any work done, and the one closest to the bushes by the pool started trimming it quickly once he spotted Cassidy looking at him.
"I think we gave them quite a show don't you think?" Cassidy asked as she looked up at Cameron.
Cameron smirked as he took looked at the shocked men outside. "Yeah...this will be an afternoon that they will not forget."