Madison just stared at her computer screen. It was all she had been able to do ever since she got the message. She just sat and stared, and every now and then she would start to breathe heavily and shake only to look away and calm herself down before returning to read the message again. "This can't be happening," she thought. "I can't believe this is happening!"
It had been less than a month since she had posted the video of herself watching her dice roll video and waking around campus with her jeans unbuttoned and flashing discreetly. In that time, she had seen her videos posted all over the amateur porn community online. She was starting to gain a following, and although a simple web search for "Madison Holt" didn't seem to turn up much, tens of thousands of people had watched her videos. Some were leaving comments on them, saying she was a dumb slut and that she was going to be ruined and even giving her suggestions about what to do next.
Madison had become slightly more daring in her everyday attire, and crop tops had become the rule rather than the exception, although usually it was just a couple inches of her stomach peeking out from between her top and her jeans. But she was getting more looks, and she was enjoying it.
Madison was also looking and listening in case she happened to come across someone who had seen her online. However, to her relief and dismay at the same time, that had not happened yet. Of course she would not have minded if it was some random guy at a gas station or a mall or so forth, but she really didn't know if she was comfortable with her classmates knowing about her darkest desires for ruination. She continued to masturbate, almost daily, to her own self-humiliation, but she found as she always did that she got less and less of a rush out of what she had done as time went on.
Then she logged onto Facebook messenger and got the message. And on this morning, Madison's heart leapt into her throat as she read it over and over. It was so perfect, so surreal, and so horrible. She shook as she looked at the screen to read it yet again.
"Hello, Madison. I want to start by saying that I have been watching your videos and looking at the pictures you have posted for the last couple of weeks. I have to tell you, you are very arousing - exposing yourself and begging to be ruined and all of that.
Before I go any farther, please do not delete this message without reading it in its entirety. You probably get dozens of messages a day - guys wanting to go take you out, to talk dirty with you, to fuck you. This is not one of those messages. Keep reading and I will explain.
I have always fantasized about a girl wanting to be exposed, made famous, and ruined, all for her own sexual humiliation and ultimately, her own enjoyment and they enjoyment of all who watch her self-destructive behavior. I always thought the girls who seemingly wanted this either ultimately wanted the harsh reality of these situations to remain a fantasy, or they weren't real - they were middle aged men with fantasies similar to mine who were posing as a girl like you. I always wanted to do this to somebody, and now I have finally found a willing participant.
Let me explain. By willing, I don't mean you messaged me asking for this, and I don't mean that you will be 100% enthusiastic about going along with it now. When I say that you are a willing participant, I mean that you will now do exactly as I say, because the consequences of not doing so will be far worse than the consequences of following my instructions.
You have posted a good amount of humiliating nude content. You have begged to be ruined, and you have given m the information necessary to do this. Your Facebook profile was easy to find once I knew your name, city, and appearance. And now I have more information about you than I thought possible.
I do have to say, I'm surprised you are real. But there you are, with your family at Christmas last year, on vacation at Sanibel, basically the last four years or so if your life there for me to peruse - and anyone else who has seen you nude and cares to look you up. I expected something else - I expected you to be a fake or a flake - but no, you are real.
Anyway, I now know who your parents are. I know who your closest friends are. I know who your professors are and who the dean of the college of education at the U. Of Naperville is. I know where you have checked in, I know about what times you have class. If this sounds a little freaky, don't panic - it's designed to show you just what I can find and just what I can do if you do not follow instructions.
So this is what I will do: I will give you tasks one at a time, requiring you to take pictures or videos of yourself. They will be humiliating, embarrassing, sexy, slutty, degrading, and perhaps even public. Some will be easy, and some will be difficult and risky. I will start you with an easy one to show that I really mean no harm, however, I not only want to watch your self-destruction, but also play a role in creating it. I will give you a deadline for each task. Finish the task by the deadline and I will give you another task and another deadline.
Easy tasks that you can do without leaving your apartment will not need much time - after all, if something takes about 20 minutes to complete, I'm sure you can find the time for that given a couple of days. More difficult, time consuming and more risky tasks will result in a longer deadline. After all, I am considerate, and I will consider the fact that you have other obligations and other things that need to be done when setting deadlines for you. I also know that a task should be done within a finite period of time, otherwise, procrastination or risk avoidance sets in and the task never gets done.
Keep doing the tasks and meeting deadlines, and sending the resultant pictures and videos, and those pictures and videos will be posted online and added to the growing collection of your material online. If you miss a deadline, and fail to message me immediately and BEG for an extension, I will select five random Facebook friends of yours and send them links to each and every naked picture and humiliating video of you that exists online. Why five? Well, it will be enough to make it worth your while to do exactly as you are told, every time, and it will be few enough to give you a second chance if you decide not to follow through.
Just think - five people, five of your friends, knowing about you posting videos, masturbating, having sex with another girl, begging to be exposed and ruined. Imagine five of your friends listening as you tell them what a slut you are. Imagine five of your friends looking as you beg for more. And imagine them telling more and more of your friends until most of the people in your life know all about you, and you see what I mean when I say that you are a willing participant because it is in your best interest to cooperate.
Oh, one other thing - before you go deactivating your Facebook or deleting your account thinking that I won't find you and that you can simply opt out of this - know that I have saved every one of your videos and pictures. Know that I have also saved links to the Facebook profiles of your entire list of Facebook friends, including your parents. If you delete or deactivate your account I will send links to ALL of your explicit content to all those people, starting with your parents.
So, the question is, will you play along, Madison? If you decide to play, and I think you will, your first task is a simple one.
All you will have to do is write "make me famous," "expose me," "Madison Holt," and "Naperville, IL" on your stomach with red lipstick or marker. Then do a short strip set photo shoot. One photo of you in a short crop top and shorts. Then take off your clothes one item at a time - top, shorts, bra and panties - and take one final picture of you, smiling, spread eagle, pointing to the words written on your body. E-mail the photos to me within 48 hours and await your next task.
I await your prompt reply."
"Wow," Madison thought, finishing the lengthy, detailed message for the dozenth or so time. "This is actually happening." She didn't know what to call it - she didn't really want to use the B word, blackmail, even if she knew that's really what the message was.
Madison sat in her chair and thought. "Well, could I get out of this?" She wondered. "Is there even a way?" She racked her brain in search of a loophole, a way to remain in control of what she posted, a way to avoid following along with the orders of her commander. Of course, there really wasn't an easy way out. "Do I really want out?" She wondered. After all, she did enjoy exposing herself, and the thought of writing those words on her body and shipping the photos into cyberspace was arousing to her.
"Do I want to do this?" She wondered aloud. She briefly thought of going to the authorities, asking for help and protection, but she knew that, first, she was likely to be outed if she did this. She also knew that the fun she was having would likely stop. She also briefly thought of just shutting down, refusing to reply, and telling her parents that she had been the target of a revenge porn scheme.
Clearly, that would not work either, especially since she had been so adamant in her videos that she be reposed and exposed everywhere, and since she had so deliberately shown the world how aroused it made her to risk having her life and reputation completely ruined by real name exposure. "You know, actually," Madison thought, "the task I have isn't really any worse than what I've already done."
Madison, as bubbly and immature as she could be sometimes, wasn't completely stupid. She knew in the back of her mind that she could be simply giving her commander more material to work with down the road, to keep the blackmail effect going and make it stronger over time. She also knew that the tasks could potentially get more extreme. But also knew that she was extremely aroused as she sat and read the message for what seemed like the hundredth time, and she knew that she would likely just have to do what she was told if she didn't want to face the consequences.
Still shaking, Madison rose from her seat and slowly approached her closet. She signed. "Why the fuck am I doing this," she said with a slight giggle. "I'm really going to be ruined one of these days." Madison opened the door and searched for her shortest shorts and her shortest crop top. "I guess that will be one hell of an orgasm when it actually happens," she said. She pulled out the shorts and top. "I know this seems sick," she thought, "but I think I want to keep this going as long as I can. The rush is awesome."
Madison shook her head, pausing for a moment. Even though she was totally exposed online, in just about every way she could imagine, she still had to stop and think for a minute before she could proceed. "Make me famous?" She asked herself. "Is that really what I want? To be famous for this?" Madison didn't answer. In a way, she was a little frightened at what the answer might be.
She kept going back to thinking about whether she had a choice in the matter or whether she was being forced as she almost mindlessly slipped off her cotton bra and slipped on a pink lace one. "Do I really want to keep showing off like this?" She wondered. "Or is this all just a good fantasy gone wrong?" She slipped on matching pink lace thong panties and began to search her lipstick drawer for an old lipstick she could use to write on her body.
Madison quickly stopped rummaging and closed the drawer. She placed her hands on the back of her desk chair and looked at her lingerie-clad body in the mirror. "For one thing, I can't fit all that on my body if I write it with a fat lipstick..." she thought. "For another thing - what happened to normal Madison?" She said aloud. "What happened to the normal girl who wanted to be a teacher and get married and have kids and a normal life and not be exposed for all to see on the internet like a cheap whore?"
Madison traced a line from her breasts to her navel with her finger. She pondered her fate for a moment. "I really am fucked," she said. "I begged for it, and then I got it." She dug in her desk drawer briefly and pulled out a red sharpie. "Well - God, I just can't help it," she said. "I really want more."
Madison pulled on her shorts after throwing her sharpie down on the bed. The shorts were a medium color of blue denim, and were frayed at the bottom hem. The top hem rested about three or four inches below her pierced bellybutton, and the shorts were cut high along the outsides of her thighs and showed a hint of her ass cheek along the side and back. She had only really ever worn them to parties and clubs on the somewhat rare occasion that she went.
"God, I love showing off in these," she said. Seeing her slutty body in those shorts only fueled the fire that was burning inside her, and she knew she was already too aroused to turn back. "God, I love being exposed like a filthy little slut!"
Madison pulled on a cream colored crop top. It was strappy in the front in the cleavage area, and it did a rather poor job hiding her pink bra straps. It was barely long enough to cover her tits and left almost her entire stomach exposed. "Do you like my outfit?" She asked the mirror. "Do you like it when I dress like a slut for you? I know I love showing off my body like this. And I love writing nasty stuff on my body and exposing myself like the filthy slut I am. I need to be a bigger - a bigger webslut."
Madison knew what she had to do. Grabbing the sharpie, she began to draw on her stomach, starting high, not too far below her tits. "M - a - k - e," Madison said aloud as she wrote the first word. "Make. Make me." She giggled a little at the thought, as if someone actually had to make her do anything. "You don't really have to make me. I want to do this," she said to her reflection.
"F-A-M-O-U-S," Madison said out loud as she wrote the word on her upper stomach. "Make me famous," she said. "Oh, my god, mmm-hmm," she said. She smiled at her reflection and the words on her body. She already felt a sensation between her legs, and it was the unmistakable sensation of a girl who was getting too aroused to stop herself.
"Expose me," Madison said out loud when she had finished writing the next line. "Yes, definitely. I want to be shown off all over like the slut I am. And I want everyone to know my name, and I want to be spread around and shown off. And speaking of my name," she said, trailing off as she picked up the marker again.
"Madison. Madison Holt," she said as she finished the next line. "Make me famous, expose me, Madison Holt." She then had a slight modification that she though let would make the pictures just a tad more slutty, and she added a dash just before her name as if the preceding words, "make me famous" and "expose me" were some sort of quote that she wanted to be attributed to herself and herself alone.
"I really do want to be exposed, exposed and made famous. I want my reputation ruined. I want to be a cheap slut, and I want my only value to be taking my clothes off and humiliating myself online and in public. I want to be treated like the cheap slut I am. And that's why I am going through with this." Madison leaned in to her mirror as she said these words, speaking to her reflection as if it were another part of her conscience that still needed convincing. In fact, seeing her scantily clad body in that mirror with those words only reinforced what Madison already knew - that she was a slut, that she did in fact love being exposed and humiliated, and that she was aroused by her own sluttishness.
Madison leaned into the mirror and kissed her reflection on the lips. "I wish I could blackmail myself," she thought. "I'd make me do a lot worse than this." She picked up the marker again and wrote "Naperville, IL below her bellybutton. "Maybe one day it will get worse, and I really will be famous." She had no idea what she would make herself do - go out in a skimpy bikini with writing on, go out and tell strangers what a slut she was and why, go to class wearing next to nothing - the ideas seemed endless but the reality was that she really hadn't been humiliated yet, only exposed and extremely aroused.
"There," said Madison. "Maybe when I send these and the guy realizes how much I love this, it will get worse. Or better. Or, like - more extreme," she thought. She picked up her phone and began to take the pictures, her arousal overriding any hint of reluctance she may have had.
Madison was aroused enough that, although she only had to take five pictures, she wound up taking more, wanting to show off more. She first posed with the words on her stomach visible to the camera between her top and shorts. Then, she reset the timer and took one from the side, one from the back, and one of her bending forward slightly, her ass cheeks peeking out of the shorts. "Yes," she said softly. "Go ahead. Make me famous, ohhhh, I need this!"
Madison faced the camera again and pulled her top up over her bra, holding on to it as the camera snapped again. She finished the job, tossing the top across the room before the camera snapped another picture.
Before the camera could flash again, she unbuttoned her shorts and let the camera capture her as she was about to pull them down. "Hmm," she thought. "This reminds me of walking across campus with my jeans unbuttoned." She smiled as she allowed her body to be photographed again before pulling off her shorts, tossing them aside.
Madison was now down to her pink bra and panties. She quickly took another picture, then another of her bra halfway off and her nipples spilling over the top of its cups. Then she smiled wide and held her bra in the air as she bent her hips and thrust her midriff, the words it contained describing her deepest desires, toward the camera embedded in her phone.
"God, yes, make me a slut!" She said softly. "And then make me a bigger slut. I need more! I need more exposure, I need to be passed around like a whore!" Madison peeled off her panties as the camera took another picture, then pointed to her stomach and smiled as yet another picture was snapped.
Madison sat on the bed, her legs dangling over the footboard. She spread her legs as wide as she could, opening her pussy and smiling wide. "God, this is going to be hot - having all those people see me, knowing I'm just a slut who wants to be famous for this!"
Madison laid back on the bed. She had no choice - she ached with desire. "Ohhh, yes," she moaned as she squeezed her left tit with her left hand and stroked her pussy with her right.
"Yes, please - please, make me famous. All of you. Make me famous for being a shown off webslut! Make me famous for wanting to be exposed. Make me the biggest webslut in the world!" She moaned as she forced two fingers inside her waiting hole.
"Ohhh, I'm such a fucking slut!" Madison moaned. "I'm a dirty, filthy, nasty slut! I'm too slutty to be a teacher! I'm too slutty to be anything! I don't want that anymore. I just want to be a shown off humiliated whore!"
Madison shoved two more fingers inside her cunt. She only paused long enough to pick up her phone and take a picture of her four fingers buried in her pussy. "Oh, fuck, yes, blackmail me! Make me reveal myself even more! Make me act like a slut in public and show everyone, ohhhhh! Make me a blackmailed stupid little slut! Ohhhhh!" Madison bucked her hips and practically rode her fingers as she achieved the organs she had been craving. She continued to moan, thrusting, sweating, reading the words on her stomach out loud as she fucked herself.
Soon after, Madison laid on her bed, the words on her stomach and the pictures on her phone virtually the only physical reminders of what had transpired. In the past, Madison had hesitated before sending or submitting the content that she had created. However, this time, there was no hesitation. She picked up her phone, attached the several pictures she had taken, and emailed them away in a flash.
"I've completed your task and can't wait for the next one! Kisses, Madison," she wrote. She then washed off her stomach, at least as well as she could, before putting on a pair of jeans and a low-cut sweater and heading to class.
It was only a couple of days later when Madison received her next assignment. "I know this is short notice, but I don't exactly care," the message began. "it's going to snow a few inches in your area in a couple of days. I want a video of you going out in the new fallen snow in your bikini and making snow angels. Then take off the bikini and do them nude. And make it a revealing two-piece, not one of those lousy full-bottomed, cleavage-covering lame excuses for a swimsuit. A shown off slut like you has to have something better than that."
"Hmmm," Madison thought. "That's actually a fun idea. And I actually don't have an issue with the bikini request. But how in the hell am I going to do that naked, in the daytime, outside, without being seen? For that matter, how am I going to get a decent video of that?" She wondered.
The answer to the second question was more obvious. The easiest thing to do would be to have a friend shoot the video while she pranced around like a slut and froze her tits off. But who? She first thought of Hannah, who had helped her expose herself more than once already. She wasn't too embarrassed to make this request of Hannah, and based on their past experiences that Hannah would likely be more than willing to help. But did that mean she would have to tell Hannah about the guy that was blackmailing her?
"No," Madison decided, "I can just tell her I got a sexy idea and I want her to help me out with it. I don't think I want to tell anyone - not even her - about this guy. It would totally freak her out!" She then realized, all of the sudden, that she didn't know who this guy was, didn't know whether she could trust him - didn't really even know if it was a "him" in the first place. He - assuming it was a he - had clearly used a fake Facebook profile to message her, and she had no idea who he was. But she also knew that she really didn't have a choice if he had meant anything that he said, and she actually found the idea of being ordered to further expose herself quite arousing.
Madison picked up her phone and messaged Hannah. "Hey girl! You want to hang out in a couple of days?"
"Ummm it's going to snow, so..." Hannah replied.
"So? I have an idea for that..."
"Oh, ok! But how are you going to get home?" Hannah inquired.
It was true, the girls lived about an hour apart. In fact, they had first met by chance when Madison traveled to a somewhat distant shopping mall to strut around in slutty clothes where nobody would know her.
"Maybe I could stay over?" Madison asked finally.
"Uhhh, sure!" Hannah replied. "Can't wait to hear your idea!"
Madison packed her bag that night, and two days later, which was a Saturday, she left in the mid morning just as snow started to fall. For the occasion, she wore a skimpy string bikini. The bikini was light green, except for the strings, which were white. It was the kind of bikini that barely had a string covering her asshole and about a two-inch-wide strip of fabric covering her pussy. Her breasts were barely covered by thin green triangles held up by thin white strings which tied behind her neck and back. Over the bikini, Madison wore a blue cropped sweater and a pair of tight jeans which left about four inches of her midriff exposed in between.
Madison couldn't help but rub her pussy through her jeans almost the entire drive, and at one point, on a particularly deserted stretch of road, she actually unbuttoned her jeans and slid two fingers into her pussy. "I'm a slut," she told herself, "and I'm going to go show off some more."
When she arrived at Hannah's apartment, Madison wasted no time telling Hannah about her plans.
"So, you know how I - like - I've been - I like to - to show off online and stuff?" Madison asked.
"Yeah, I mean - I've been noticing. You've gotten really daring lately!"
"Yeah, I know, I didn't know if you had seen -"
"Oh, I saw. The videos, you giving out your name - I mean, that was part of the deal, but why did you do it again?"
"Well, you saw the video. I got so turned on by like - by being exposed with my name, and by the risk, and by ruining my reputation that I couldn't help it."
"Wow, I mean, you didn't have to do it a second time. Do you realize how risky that is?"
"Yeah," said Madison, a little humiliated that even Hannah thought she was being stupid.
"And you are OK with that?" Hannah asked, surprised.
"Yeah, I - I am, actually," Madison said. "I mean, most of the time. Sometimes it seems like too much, like I know it's crazy and I feel like a slut but - yes, it's really what I want. I need it. It just makes me too horny, I can't stop. And I don't want to stop."
"Wow, I mean - that's really hot," was all Hannah could say. "As long as you are sure."
"I'm sure," Madison said, smiling. "Anyway, I had an idea - and it's actually probably less crazy than some of the other ones I've had. But I need your help."
"Okay, well, what is it?"
"Well you see these bikini straps hanging out of this sweater?"
"Yeah, I was wondering what was up with that - "
"Yeah, well, I was thinking, after it snows a few inches, we go out and make snow angels in our bikinis. I've heard of girls doing this before, but - I wanted to do it too."
"And you want me to go out there and freeze my ass off with you?!" Hannah replied with an unconvinced chuckle.
"Well, if you want. Or you could just film me doing it. That's why I needed your help - I want make a video."
"To post online?"
"Yes - and you know, I might decide to get a little crazy and take the bikini off. Maybe." Madison said with a wink.
"Ohhhh, I see where this is going," Hannah said. "Look, I'm not going to be making any videos of myself having sex with you or anything, okay? I mean, I'm just not - "
"No, I get it," said Madison. "That wasn't the plan anyway. Just me making snow angels, and you can join in if you want, but no videos of you, and then you can record me doing whatever crazy thing I do when I get horny out there."
"Okay, I mean - "
"Trust me, I'll make it worth it for you," Madison said seductively.
"Well, I can't say no to that," said Hannah with a flirty grin. The girls just now noticed that they had been gradually approaching one another and that Hannah's left hand had reached out to touch Madison's right as the girls almost leaned against the kitchen counter. The sensation drew Madison closer, and Hannah's right hand was soon lightly caressing the exposed portion of Madison's left side.
The girls leaned in close and both smiled seductively. Hannah's hand was soon planted firmly on Madison's bare skin, and the girls' lips connected. Hannah opened her mouth to allow Madison's tongue entrance, and soon the girls were rubbing their tongues together, mouths open wide. It was a rather long kiss, and Madison's right hand broke free from Hannah's hand and wrapped around Hannah's left side.
"Mmmm," Hannah moaned.
"Mmm-hmmm," Madison moaned back.
"You like that?" Madison said as the girls broke their kiss.
"Yes," said Hannah. "It's been a while since I kissed a girl. I forgot how amazing it feels."
"Me too," Madison said. "I have an idea - why don't you go put on a bikini just in case."
"I suppose I could do that," Hannah said with a flirty, false display of shyness. "Why don't you come to my room and help me pick one out?"
"I thought you'd never ask," Madison said, smiling at her friend.
The girls quickly headed to Hannah's room. It was a good thing they were home alone, as Hannah's parents has gone away for the weekend and her brother was staying on campus at his college. Hannah opened her dresser drawer and pulled out three bikinis to choose from.
"Hmm," said Madison. "You might have to try them on for me, I can't decide just by looking."
Hannah smiled and shook her head. "Are you just trying to get my clothes off?" She asked.
"No," said Madison, smiling back. "But it is an added bonus! Here, let me help you." The girls embraced and locked lips again as Madison reached under Hannah's t-shirt, making sure to graze her hands ever so slightly against her stomach as she did so, sending shivers down Hannah's spine. They stopped kissing only long enough for Madison to pull the shirt over Hannah's head.
"Here, want to help me with this?" Hannah asked, turning around so Madison had easy access to Hannah's bra clasp. Madison first placed her hands around Hannah's exposed waist before gently caressing Hannah's sides, giving Hannah goosebumps as she moved her hands to the clasp. In a flash, the bra was undone. Hannah moved her shoulders together, and the shoulder straps fell over her shoulders and her tits were freed from the cups as the bra slid down her arms.
Madison's gentle touch moved slowly around Hannah's sides, feeling every inch of the side of Hannah's breasts. At the same time, Hannah spun her head around slowly to the left as Madison placed her chin over Hannah's right shoulder and began to kiss her neck.
"Ohhhh," Hannah moaned. Madison began to nibble at the stretched skin of Hannah's neck as her cupped hands finally found Hannah's exposed nipples. The bra fell to the floor, and Hannah reached her left hand behind her to squeeze the exposed skin of Madison's left side.
Madison continued to run her fingers across Hannah's left breast as she moved her right hand lower, lower, into Hannah's navel and then back out, going down, down until she had reached the button of Hannah's jeans. Hannah nodded enthusiastically as Madison pulled at the button hole with her forefinger and thumb while she pushed at the button with her middle finger, forcing the button through the hole before pulling the zipper down to its lowest possible location.
Hannah spun around a half turn to her right. She placed her hands on Madison's exposed sides and pressed her bare breasts into Madison's covered ones. Madison wrapped her arms around Hannah, pulling her jeans down from behind as the girls locked lips again.
"Mmmm, mmm," Hannah moaned. She could not speak, Madison's tongue was as far into Hannah's mouth as she could get it. Hannah, overcome by arousal, sucked on Madison's tongue as Madison gently bit Hannah's upper lip. Madison moaned in delight.
Hannah's hands slowly rose up Madison's sides, bringing the hem of Madison's sweater along as she stopped every couple of inches to squeeze Madison's bare flesh before allowing her hands to continue their journey. Hannah became more aggressive with her kissing, forcing Madison's tongue back into her own mouth and forcing her own tongue in as well. Madison, not to be outdone, but down hard on Hannah's bottom lip.
"Mmm," Hannah moaned in excitement. She tugged gently upward on Madison's sweater to let her know that she was intent on removing it, and Madison obliged, giving Hannah's lip one more hard bite before breaking her mouth away and allowing her sweater to be lifted over her head. The girls looked into each others' eyes and smiled.
Hannah quickly pulled the thin fabric triangles covering Madison's breasts off to the side, exposing the bare flesh of Madison's nipples before gently grabbing her own tits and using her hands to flick her own nipples across Madison's.
Madison giggled. She smiled at Hannah before pushing her backward into her bed. Quickly, before Hannah could react, she pulled off Hannah's jeans by grabbing them at the ankles. The only clothing that remained on Hannah's body was her blue lace panties. Hannah smiled and giggled, having no objection whatsoever to Madison removing her clothes.
Madison leaned over Hannah as Hannah laid on the bed. She kissed Hannah's bellybutton and caressed her nipples with her hands. "Mmmm," Hannah moaned in response.
"You're even sexier than I remembered," Madison commented.
"And you're even more of a slut," Hannah replied as Madison slid her bare breasts up Hannah's midriff. Madison took Hannah's left breast into her mouth and sucked hard, eliciting a moan of heightened arousal from her friend. She looked up at Hannah seductively as she teased the nipple with her tongue.
"Come up here," Hannah whispered. Madison obliged, her nipples brushing Hannah's upper abdomen until they were almost even with Hannah's breasts, and began to suck the soft skin of Hannah's neck.
Hannah responded by reaching down, feeling Madison's bare sides as she went, until she had reached the button on Madison's jeans. She quickly unbuttoned and unzipped them, and Madison stood up only long enough to remove the jeans before crawling back on top of Hannah.
"Wow, you have such an amazing body," Hannah commented as Madison slid off her jeans leaving only her bikini bottoms and bikini top, which was still mis-adjusted so that her breasts were exposed.
Madison locked lips with Hannah as soon as she crawled on top of her. The girls' tongues connected and Hannah moaned. Madison had her knees placed at either side of Hannah's stomach, and her feet were curled underneath her legs as she straddled Hannah. Madison began to slightly hump Hannah in a way that the girls' nipples flicked against each other over and over as Hannah reached behind Madison's back and pulled on her bikini string, untying it before pulling it from between the girls and sending it onto the floor where it belonged.
"Let's get these off," Madison whispered as she stopped kissing Hannah and pulled down on her panties. "Enough of this foreplay. I need to eat your pussy." Hannah raised her hips as Madison pulled the panties down and, crawling off of Hannah, pulled them off.
Madison knelt at the bed as she grabbed Hannah's hips and pulled her closer, so that Hannah's knees were raised in the air and her feet were at the edge of the bed. Her legs spread, and her pussy was proudly displayed for Madison as she looked up at Hannah and gave it a long, slow lick.
"Ohhhhh, god," Hannah moaned. This only aroused Madison more.
"You remember how much I like dirty talk, right?" Madison asked.
"Yes - believe me, I know - I've been watching your videos too," Hannah replied.
"Good. Do you want to talk dirty to me while I eat your pussy?"
"Mmmhmm," Hannah replied as Madison gave her pussy another good, long, but rough lick from bottom to top.
"And call me a slut? And degrade me?"
"Mmmhmm. And -" Madison gave Hannah's pussy another rough tonguing as Hannah moaned. "And tell you what I really think of those videos," Hannah continued.
"Oh," yes, Hannah, I want to hear all about it while I eat your pussy," Madison whispered.
"Oh, god yes, eat my pussy you filthy slut!" Hannah whispered. "God, you turned into such a slut! Exposing your body, begging to be ruined, begging to be spread! Posting videos, telling everyone your name, ohhhh!"
"Yes, I did," Madison admitted as she took a short break from licking Hannah's pussy before plugging her tongue deep inside.
"Ohhhh, such a dumb little slut!" Hannah Mohamed loudly. "You're going to get what you want, slut! You're going to be famous. You're going to be ruined!"
"Mmmmm," Madison moaned in response, she sucked on Hannah's clit, driving her into a frenzy.
"Eat my pussy, you little show off slut! Ohhhh! Eat me! Ohhhh, you're way more of a whore than I thought you were, ohhhh!" Madison sucked deeply on Hannah's pussy as she heard those words.
"God, those videos - so - hot!" Hannah moaned. "Ohhhh, yes! I want you to do more, Madison! I want you - want you - ohhhh!" Hannah came hard and fast as Madison kept licking and sucking. Her legs began to quiver and her face flushed pink as her friend changed her rhythm from a hard suck back to a slow caress of her tongue against Hannah's pussy.
"Did you like that?" Madison asked, smiling.
"I always like that," Hannah replied. "Get up here and give me a taste." Madison complied, crawling into bed next to Hannah and kissing her deeply, allowing Hannah to taste her own juices and suck them from Madison's mouth. The girls embraced as they kissed, and Hannah barely calmed down from her orgasm through the next several minutes.
"I don't want to stop," Hannah said finally.
"Me either," said Madison. "But I have to pee. I had a long drive, you know." Madison got up, not bothering to put on any more clothes, and visited the restroom. Hannah was still lying on the bed when she returned.
"So, why don't we pick out a bikini for you?" Madison suggested. "We can start with this one." Madison held up a beige bikini. It was the style designed to look like underwear rather than a bikini, and so it was a little fuller in the ass and the breast area than Madison's, although it wasn't entirely boring. It was low cut, and there was about a one inch elastic band running around the back of the top, and the bottoms narrowed to about an inch and a half on the sides.
Hannah sat up and took the bikini from Madison. She stood up and slipped on the bottoms before pulling the top over her head.
"Hmmm," Madison said. "You do look good in a bikini," she said with a wink.
"Oh, thanks," Hannah said. "So do you." The girls kissed softly, Madison's still-bare breasts mashing against Hannah's bikini-clad ones.
"Okay, next one," Madison said. This time, she held up a black bikini with pink strings. "This one looks like it might be a little sexier." She helped Hannah out of her beige top and pulled down the bottoms as Hannah fastened the black and pink garment over her tits. She stepped into the black bottoms and pulled them up. They had pink rings at the sides, and were more full-bottomed than the last pair.
Madison, who was still crouching, began to caress Hannah's legs and tongue her bellybutton. Hannah moaned softly, not objecting to Madison's advances, but allowing herself to enjoy the sensation.
"I think the next one might be the winner," she said softly as she stood up. "Why don't you show me that one?" She sat on the bed, and Hannah thought for a moment.
Hannah slowly moved to the center of the room, squeezing her breasts as she stuck her ass out behind her and forced her breasts forward. She ran one hand down to her crotch as she spread her legs, feeling her pussy through the fabric. "Mmmm," she moaned. Madison smiled in delight.
Hannah raised her arms over her head, stretching her body as she stepped closer to Madison. She pulled the top string of her bikini, allowing the fabric to fall and her breasts to be exposed directly in front of Madison's face. She moved closer, pressing her breasts against Madison's face as she reached behind her and untied the bottom string of the bikini top and tossed the garment aside.
Hannah crawled on top of her friend, placing her knees to either side of her friend's ass. She leaned back, resting her shoulders on the floor as she held her ass against the edge of the bed and stretched her legs in the air. She then pulled off her bikini bottoms, spreading her legs to give Madison a wonderful view of her cunt as she pushed against the floor with her arms, gyrating her hips like a stripper as her pussy all but touched Madison's bare stomach.
"Wow, that's quite the show," Madison said, smiling.
Hannah giggled. "Just wait till you see what I do when we come back inside," she said. "Not the show itself - something else."
"I can't wait," Madison said as she watched her friend stand up. Hannah quickly put on the third bikini. It was teal, and had tiny strings and smaller pieces of fabric covering her most private areas. It wasn't quite as revealing as Madison's, but it was close.
"I think this is a winner," Madison said as she watched Hannah walk back and forth across the room, turning as if she were on a catwalk. "Nice ass. Yes, this is the one!"
"Okay," said Hannah. "But only because you insisted." Madison smiled before looking outside.
"Oh, wow," she said. "There's a lot of snow and only a couple hours of daylight left. I think we had better head out."
"Okay," said Hannah. She was already putting her jeans back on when Madison put on her bikini top. However, Madison just sat there rather than put on any more clothes. Instead, she reached into her bag and pulled out a pair of ankle boots and put those on as Hannah replaced her T-shirt.
"What are you doing?" Hannah asked. "You can't go outside like that!"
"Why not?"
"Because you'll freeze your ass off!"
"I'm going to freeze my ass off anyway," Madison said, laughing. "Besides, I kind of want to force myself to do it. For some reason the idea of making myself do that is - it's hot to me."
"Well I mean - you know we can't go out in the backyard, right?"
"Why not?"
"The neighbors! They'll tell my mom they saw me and a friend outside and - that will just be too many questions from my mom."
"So where are we going?"
"How about the park where we went last time?" Madison nodded her head in agreement.
"Still don't want to put on any more clothes?" Hannah asked after a moment.
"No. I already made up my mind about that," Madison replied with a seductive smile. "Can't let myself back out now. Besides, the car should be warm, eventually, right?"
Hannah shook her head and smiled. Moments later, Hannah had put on her shoes and she led a bikini-clad Madison Holt to her garage where the girls got into her car.
"Wow, okay, this is cold!" Madison exclaimed.
"Yeah, no shit," Hannah replied. Madison shivered as Hannah pulled the car out of the garage.
"Here," said Madison, handing Hannah her phone. "Might as well start recording now." Madison was still aroused by her time in the bedroom with Hannah, and she could not wait to get started on her next video adventure.
"Okay - just one thing- "
"What?"
"You're putting this online, right?"
"Yeah, why else would I be recording it?"
"Okay, just - don't mention my name. At all. Call me baby or whatever generic term you want, but my name will not be in this video. Okay?"
"Yes, baby," Madison said, smiling.
"It is so fucking cold," Madison said as soon as Hannah started recording. It was a good thing there wasn't much traffic on the road due to the snow, because Hannah had to repeatedly take her eyes off the road to make sure she was doing a good job of recording Madison.
"Yeah, well - why are you in a bikini in the middle of winter?"
"Because I'm a slut," Madison said. She smiled shyly at the camera.
"You're a slut?" Hannah asked.
"I'm a slut. Want to see?"
"See what?" Hannah asked.
"This," said Madison. She reached behind her neck and untied her bikini, allowing it to fall down and exposing her breasts to the camera. "See? I'm a slut!" Madison said laughing nervously. "And," she said as she touched her pussy through her bikini bottoms, "this is my first time flashing on video in public." That sentence was much more sultry than shy that way Madison said it.
"Okay, slut," Hannah said. "Why are you taking your clothes off in my car?"
"Because I - I'm a slut. I'm webslut Madison Holt, and I'm going to make a video for you today. The question you should have asked," said the highly aroused Madison, "is why am I not completely naked?"
"Okay, Madison. Why are you not completely naked?"
"I don't know, actually. Here, let me fix that!" Madison no sooner finished talking than she began to raise her ass off the car seat by applying pressure in her legs and shoulders, and she pulled off her bikini bottoms before ripping her top the rest of the way off. "There. Is that better?" Madison asked.
"Yeah, better until somebody sees you!" Hannah replied. There was a little hint of jealousy in her voice, wishing that she was the one naked in the passenger seat. There was another hint of nerves, as she was a little concerned what would happen if someone saw her friend nude. And finally, there was the biggest hint of all, the hint of Hannah excitedly, nervously egging Madison on, pushing her to dig herself deeper into her journey in sluthood.
"Maybe somebody will see me," Madison replied. "You want to know a secret? I actually think that would be really hot," Madison admitted.
"Well, here you go," replied Hannah. As Madison looked ahead, she saw a truck in the right lane, and Hannah was about to pass it. Only she didn't. She slowed down, pulling even with the cab, giving the driver a perfect vantage point to look down and see her friend. All of the sudden Hannah blew her horn.
"Spread those legs, slut!" Hannah barked. Madison did as she was told, placing her left foot, still in its ankle book, on the dashboard, and placing her right knee against the window, spreading her legs as far apart as the car would allow.
"Oh my god, this is hot!" Madison exclaimed. "I wonder if he has seen me yet?"
In response to this, Hannah pressed a button on her door, and Madison's window slowly disappeared inside its sheath. Just as soon as the window had vanished, the girls heard the trucker blow his horn in reply, and Madison knew that her body had been exposed to him.
It was intoxicating to Madison to expose herself to a stranger like this - on the road, in her friend's car, like the wild and free slut she was. She squeezed her breasts in his direction and looked up into the cab. She saw him give her a thumbs up sign, and she giggled. Turning back to the camera, she said, "See, I'm a slut. I like showing off."
"Yes, I can see that," said Hannah. Madison was freezing cold already, and Hannah quickly rolled up the window.
"God, it's cold, but I just can't bring myself to cover up," said Madison. "I'm too fucking horny!" She leaned her seat back and rested her left knee against the seat back, placing her left foot on the center console as she gave the camera a full frontal view of her shaved pussy.
The girls drove for several more minutes before they reached the park. There weren't many more people on the road, but those who were had a great opportunity to see a college girl showing off her body, if only for a split second. Thankfully for Madison, or perhaps not, when they arrived at the park it was deserted. Madison stepped out of the car wearing nothing but her ankle boots, standing outside in the freezing cold while Hannah turned the car off and came around to the other side to capture Madison's public display on video. It was only then that Madison put her bikini back on.
The girls walked up a small hill and briefly down a path not often traveled by park goers. It was there, near where the girls had made a public display the first time they had visited this park together, that a freezing cold Madison Holt turned to the camera.
"So, I'm going to make some snow angels for you," she said. "And, obviously, it's going to be really cold. But that's okay, because I like it. I mean, for some reason, the idea of forcing myself to freeze out here, and be uncomfortable in that way, is really turning me on."
"Okay, let's see," said Hannah.
Madison slowly laid down on her back in the snow, gasping softly when her ass touched the white powder. She smiled as she forced her backside into the fluffy snow. "Ooohhhh," she said, shivering. She laid down fully and stretched out her body before waving her arms up and down and her legs back and forth.
Madison stood up, moving to a slightly farther location to repeat the process again. As she did so, her body began to shiver uncontrollably. She laid down, less shocked by the cold now, as she was freezing anyway, and repeated the process again.
"Why don't - do you want to do one?" Madison asked Hannah. She looked up and saw an apprehensive look on Hannah's face.
"Umm," she said. I don't know. You look like you are frigid!"
"Come on," Madison said. "You do one and I'll do three more."
"Oh, okay, I guess I will," said Hannah. "But don't video my face, okay?" Madison nodded. She stood up, still shivering, and took the phone from Hannah. She filmed from Hannah's chest down as Hannah took off her coat, then her T-shirt, and finally her jeans.
"You're crazy," said Hannah. She was shivering before the snow even touched her body, holding her arms together in front of her.
"Hurry up, for the love of god!" Madison begged. She was starting to turn pink from the cold. Hannah obliged, shrieking as her ass hit the snow. She quickly waved her arms back and forth, then her legs, giggling as she went. She then stood up and put her jeans back on followed by her shirt and finally her coat. She was still cold when Madison handed her the phone again.
"Okay, you said three, right?" Asked Hannah.
"Yep," said Madison. She laid back down in a fresh patch of snow.
"What's your name?" Said Hannah.
"Madison Holt," came the reply. "Webslut Madison." She proceeded to make a third snow angel before doing something that Hannah perhaps anticipated, but did not expect. Madison sat up and untied her bikini top again, exposing her tits.
"You just can't keep your clothes on, can you?" Hannah asked.
"Why would I want to? I love to take my clothes off, it makes me more of a slut!" She got up again, lying down in a new spot, and raised her legs in the air. She pulled her bikini bottoms down over her feet and flung them into the snow. Hannah, not wanting to miss anything, moved closer for a better view, still holding Madison's phone.
"Ohhhhh, this is fucking cold," Madison said, laughing, as she completed another snow angel. "One more quick one," she said as she got up, took a few steps to her left, and sat down in a fresh patch of snow and began to repeat the process. When she was finished, she stood up and looked around as if there was something she was looking for.
Quickly, Madison picked up her bikini and hurried over to a nearby park bench. She sat down directly in the middle, praising her feet up and bending her knees slightly as she placed them on the ends of the bench. "Ohhhh, this - this being cold thing is really turning me on. Would I be crazy if I wanted a couple more minutes of forcing myself to freeze?" She asked.
"It's frigid out here! I actually have on clothes and I'm still cold!" Hannah replied. Madison responded by putting her bikini back on.
"I don't think that's going to help much," Hannah said.
"Oh, it will help make me cold, I mean." Madison was shivering visibly now. Hannah stood five or six feet away, and to her, Madison's shaking was clearly beyond all control. But then Madison started picking up snow from the bench.
"Isn't that just going to make it worse?" Hannah asked. Madison was grabbing her bikini top with one hand and pulling it away from her body, and stuffing snow inside it with the other. She did this to the right side and then the left.
"Y - yes - and making it worse is turning me on - which is - is making it - better," Madison replied. She couldn't tell if any of that made sense to Hannah or not.
"What a slut," right?" Hannah asked the camera as she kept recordng Madison. Madison picked up more snow, this time shoving it inside her bikini bottoms, shivering even more now. Of course, the bikini was so small that it didn't hold much snow, and Madison soon had to repeat the process.
"God, this makes me so - so turned on!" Madison said.
"You look uncomfortable, said Hannah.
"I am, but - that's what's doing it to me!" Madison slid her bikini bottoms to the side and showed her swollen pussy to the camera. Hannah, not wanting to be completely left out, suddenly picked up some snow and pressed it in between her fingers, forming a small snowball. She shoved the snowball up Madison's cunt.
"Ohhhhh, fuck, yes, fuck yes!" Madison shrieked. At that point she lost it completely. She grabbed a handful of snow and cupped it over her pussy, forcing it inside three fingers at a time. When she was done, Hannah had untied her bikini bottoms and pulled them out from underneath her. Madison then removed her top again, revealing bright pink breasts. Her entire body was covered in goosebumps.
"Here, let me help you with that," said Hannah. Madison began to pinch her own frozen, hard nipples and writhed in a combination of agony and the pleasure derived from that agony. Hannah grabbed more snow and tossed it on top of Madison's cunt. She began to finger her, making sure to force more snow inside her swollen cunt with each thrust, the camera capturing every second.
"You like that, you little slut?" Hannah asked. Madison's cunt was starting to spread open and Hannah took her fingers out and filmed it. It didn't completely close due to the snow that was building up inside. Hannah grabbed some more and began to force it inside.
"Oh, fuck yes! I love this, baby! I love freezing my pussy and tits on purpose! I love wearing nothing but a bikini in the middle of winter and taking it off! I love being a slut!"
"Do you like knowing this video is going online?" Hannah asked. "Knowing that millions of pervert guys will be watching you get fingered in the snow, acting like a little whore?"
"Oh, god yes! I can't wait to be - ohhhh, fuck me! Harder, baby, ohhhh I'm about to cum! I can't - wait for - this to - to be - ohhhhh - to be - posted - ohhhhhh, I can't wait to be - to be exposed more, ohhhh, I'M SUCH AN EXPOSED SLUT!" Madison was now screaming at the top of her lungs as Hannah fingered her, naked, in a snow-covered public park. Madison forgot for a moment about the cold as her pussy tensed around Hannah's hand and she came, hard, throbbing, sopping wet.
Madison practically rode Hannah's hand as she moaned over and over again. She did not care about the cold, and she did not care where she was. She needed this. Hannah chucked at the sight of her wanton, depraved slut of a friend.
"Here, if you are such a fucking slut, clean off my fingers!" Hannah commanded. "You made a sticky mess all over them!" With that, Hannah forced three of her fingers into Madison's mouth, forcing her head back. There was nothing Madison could do except open wide. Tears began to form in her eyes as Hannah repeatedly stuck her fingers all the way in, her fingertips nearly touching the back of Madison's throat. She made sultry gargling noises as Hannah forced her fingers in over and over again before pulling them partially out.
Farther south, so to speak, Madison's pussy was dripping water from the melting snow. It had not even come close to regaining its former shape and size, and the snow was acting as a wedge, forcing it to remain open. As Hannah finished cleaning her hand off in Madison's mouth, Madison was starting to realize how bone-chillingly cold she was. After all, she had been outside in weather that was a few degrees below freezing, either naked or in only a skimpy bikini, for almost a half hour.
"Ha-han-nah?" Asked Madison. "I'm fr- cold! Can we go?"
"Sure. I mean you were the one who wanted to stay so long in the first place," Hannah reminded her.
"Okay," Madison said. She stood up and began walking back toward the car.
"Madison, your clothes!" Said Hannah as she filmed her friend walking away bare-assed.
"I don't want it," she said. I don't deserve it." She continued on. Hannah picked it up and put the small garments in her coat pocket before catching up with her friend, filming her as she trudged through the snow in only her ankle boots. She walked slowly, frigid, until Hannah caught up with her and filmed her from the front.
"I'm a slut," Madison said. "Like, you don't even understand. I'm such a slut." They were almost to the car. Madison nose dived into the snow, almost in tears from the cold as she covered her body. She wanted, no, needed, to feel the punishing, frigid mess against her body before she could continue.
Finally satisfied that she had had enough, Madison picked herself up, stiff and sore from shivering, and stepped into Hannah's car.
Although she was completely nude except for her boots, it was a rather uneventful ride home for Madison. She was too cold to think, let alone talk. There weren't many people on the road, and Madison could have cared less if any of those few saw her. A couple minutes into the ride, Hannah asked Madison if she wanted her to finally turn off the video recorder. Madison shook her head no.
"Why?" Asked Hannah. Madison just shrugged. Hannah obliged, keeping the camera trained on her friend's nude body.
"Did you have fun out there today?" Hannah asked.
"Yeah, but - but I completely humiliated myself, didn't I?"
"Yeah, you kinda did," said Hannah. "It was hot though."
"Yeah," said Madison. "And now I have to post the video."
"Are you sure you don't want me to turn it off? You know, no need to make it any more humiliating, right?"
"No, leave it on."
"I mean, you don't technically HAVE to post it, if you don't want to, you know?"
"No, I do. I have to."
"I mean, maybe give it a couple days. Maybe you'll decide it's too far. Maybe you'll change your mind when you aren't so - "
"Turned on? No, I have to post it, and I have to do it tonight."
"Why?" Hannah asked.
"I just do." Madison could not tell Hannah that she was being blackmailed, and that she was being forced to post more Webslut Madison content. If she did, she was afraid Hannah would insist that they go to the police, and Madison wanted no part of that, not only because she was afraid of the consequences, but also because the whole situation was so arousing to her that she did not want it to end. She was also concerned that Hannah would not participate if she knew the full details of the situation.
The girls arrived back at Madison's house without much further conversation except that, when Hannah asked a third time if she could turn the video off, Madison finally agreed. Madison walked into Hannah's house having only marginally warmed up in the car, still wearing only her ankle boots. She sat on the couch while Hannah made coffee, and still made no effort to put on clothes, as cold as she was.
Hannah returned to find her friend spread eagle on the couch. She handed Madison a cup of coffee and st down next to her. "Here, you must be freezing," Hannah said. She gave Madison a kiss and wrapped her arms around her as Madison sipped her coffee.
The girls sat on the couch for several minutes, embracing without much conversation. Finally, it was Hannah that broke the silence.
"Are you still cold?" She asked. Madison nodded. "Maybe a hot bath would warm you up?" Madison nodded again, and Hannah took her hand and led her upstairs to the jacuzzi tub.
Hannah pulled off her T-shirt and jeans as Madison watched. She leaned in to kiss Madison as the tub filled. At first the kids was soft and sensual, but it evolved into Hannah forcefully nibbling and biting Madison's mouth until the tub was full.
"Get in, slut," she said with a smile. Madison obliged, and didn't even really react to the pet name Hannah used. Hannah soon followed. In a matter of moments the girls were wrapped in a warm embrace, heads poking above the top of the water, hands exploring each other's breasts. Hannah had to get Madison back in the mood for what she wanted to do next. She gently pulled on Madison's left nipple, eliciting a deep breath from her friend. Then, without warning, the gentle pull turned into a forceful pinch, causing Madison to moan loudly, and Hannah knew she had her.
Hannah continued to play with Madison's nipples as Madison soaped Hannah. Madison was seated toward the back of the tub, knees up and legs spread wide. Hannah was seated toward the front of the tub, near the drain, and was kneeling, leaning forward.
"Want me to wash you?" Hannah said with a wink.
"Sure," said Madison, smiling.
"You need it. You're a dirty girl!" Hannah said. Hannah opened a bottle of body wash and squirted some into her hand before rubbing Madison's shoulders, which were peeking out of the water. Then she moved on to her breasts, and then her abdomen, and then her legs. Madison sat, eyes closed, her breathing becoming heavier and heavier as Hannah's touch ignited her inside piece by piece.
Hannah soaped Madison's knees at the same time before running her hands up Madison's inner thigh, down under the water, farther up Madison's leg and farther underwater, until finally, Hannah's hands converged on Madison's pussy. Madison did not object in the slightest as Hannah slid two fingers inside.
"Ooohhhh," Madison moaned softly.
"I have to get the snow out of there," Hannah said with a chuckle.
"You're going to have to - to go deeper, for that," Madison whispered. "Fuck me like the nasty slut I am."
Hannah flicked the switch to start the water draining as she shoved three fingers inside Madison's pussy as far as they would go. The water aided her cause, and allowed her to slip a fourth finger inside with virtually no resistance. Soon Hannah was sliding her hand in and out of Madison's pussy up to her thumb.
"God, yes, fuck me! Fuck me! I'm such a dirty slut, taking your whole hand inside my cunt! Mmmm, yes!" Madison moaned loudly. She barely noticed that Hannah had reached behind her back and was giving herself a similar treatment.
With the water draining slowly, Hannah submerged her head in the water, licking Madison's clit as she moved her four fingers back and forth, back and forth. She could not hear Madison's moans of ecstasy as she came hard, but she knew when Madison tensed up and held her head down on her clit that she had done her job.
Hannah came up a little short of breath. "I always wanted to do that to you," she said with a smile at last. "So, do you want to take this to the bedroom?"
Madison didn't need to be asked twice. She stood up, neglecting to dry off as she stepped out of the tub. Hannah followed, and the two wet girls headed straight for Hannah's room, Hannah leading Madison by the hand.
"Get on the bed," Hannah said, "and spread your legs." Hannah faced Madison, crawling into bed, her feet near Madison's head as she lowered her pussy near Madison's. Hannah's right leg and foot was behind Madison's back, and Madison's left leg and foot were behind Hannah's.
"I want to feel your pussy grind against mine," Hannah said softly. She thrust hers forward, and sparks flew as the soft flesh of Hannah's engorged vulva connected with its counterpart between Madison's legs.
"Ohhhh, God," Madison moaned at Hannah.
"Yes! Yes, you like that don't you, you fucking slut!" Hannah said in return.
"Oh, fuck yes, I like that, I like - grinding our pussies together!"
"Yeah, and you like being a slut and showing off for everyone too, don't you?"
"Yes, and freezing my ass off, and - making snow angels and - ohhhh, god, Hannah!"
"You want to be even more exposed, don't you, slut?" Hannah continued to grind on Madison as she spoke. She grabbed Madison's left leg with her right hand, thrusting against her body as she used her left hand to pinch Madison's nipples, softly at first, but increasing in intensity in response to the feedback she was getting from her friend.
"Oh, yes! I want to be totally exposed, and recognized, and completely ruined, oh yes! Grind me Hannah! Grind me! Hannah, please - please do something for me baby - please? Promise me?"
The grinding between the two girls' bodies was getting ever more intense. It was less of a metronomic brush back and forth and more of a rhythmic rough hammering between the girls bodies, thrusting fast and hard together and pulling away a little more slowly, before thrusting fast and hard at each other again.
"What do you want me to promise you?" Hannah asked.
"Never let me stop, Hannah! I want you to help me expose myself and - make me famous and - get me recognized and ruin me, oh god, Hannah, please, ohhhh! Don't ever let me stop or take it back!"
"Oh god, you're such a slut!"
"I mean it, Hannah, I mean it!"
"I know you do, baby!"
"Then give it to me!"
"Are you sure?"
"I'm a whore, Hannah! A whore! I want to be ruined for real! Please Hannah, I'm a slut! I'M A SLUT!" Madison collapsed backward as Hannah slipped her fingers inside of Madison's pussy, sliding her body aside Madison's and giving Madison a deep, wet kiss as Madison came hard. She shook on the bed as she wrapped her arms around Hannah and held her tight. And it was a long time before the girls let go.
Madison waited until Hannah fell asleep, and as soon as she did, she picked up her phone. Without even watching it, Madison sent the rather long video to her blackmailer without a second thought, whoever and wherever he or she happened to be. She crawled into bed next to Hannah, both still naked. Madison smiled, wondering what her next task would be. She could only hope that it would be even more intense and even more rewarding than the last.