This wasn't right. Being blackmailed into doing something disgusting was one thing, but having to come up with your own ideas of what to do on top of that was just plain nasty. The whole of my life had turned nasty, but this was sort of making me collude in the process and just added another layer of anguish to my thinking. I had to do this, but I was going to get him back somehow!
Right then girl. Concentrate. What is this blackmailing bastard going to find watching you doing disgusting? My first thought was that he had hours and hours of my videos already available to him. Most were of me running around naked -- both indoors and out -- and masturbating. Lots of masturbating. That was the sort of thing that would be thought of as disgusting if shown in public.
He had all of that. He must have watched chunks of it already, even on fast forward, to get a flavour of what was going on in the various recordings, and, apparently, none of this qualified as disgusting enough for him. Erotic, pornographic, gross. Maybe bits of all of those, but he wants disgusting. Pants!
I was having a hard time with this. He'd just forced me to go and rip the clothes off a guy so that he could then go on to screw me up the arse. That was a bloody horrible thing to have to do, and was a disgusting act that was still causing me pain. Physical, mental and emotional. To then force me to go onto the next task the instant that I returned to my room was inhuman.
Okay then. What for me, would a naked girl be doing that would be disgusting? Things with others who were underage would be sick, rather than disgusting. Animals? Screwing animals would certainly hit the mark for me as disgusting. My mind was ranging too far though, and I needed to rein it in. What, within the limits of my room, would do the trick? There were certainly no animals in here. Thankfully.
What I wanted to do right now was go to the toilet. After a soapy butt-fucking it felt like there was waste that wanted to exit. I'd farted just now, had felt an actual soap-bubble form, and then heard it pop as it stretched too far. My butt cheeks felt damp inside as I moved as well. I wasn't going to touch there to check, but it made sense that some of the mess would have escaped during the procedure.
I needed to see what would exit naturally, and then use tissues to clean out what I could. If I was meeting Scott's friends in an hour or so then having any secretions from there was a big no-no. Having them see me naked would be bad enough, without that to add to it. On top of that, he'd said that there would be a task there as well. The day hadn't started well, but it could certainly get worse.
I went into the bathroom and then stopped. Things that went on in bathrooms could often be classed as disgusting if shown to others. We all did them, but we didn't want to see other people doing them. At least not unless you were paying to do so on some weird specialist website!
I still wasn't sure what the hell I was going to do, but if there was anything worth recording going to come out of it then I needed the laptop in place. My bedside cabinet was about the right height for the machine to rest on, so I dumped the things on the top onto my bed, and then lifted it into the doorway, moving the laptop across.
Was I supposed to announce that I was starting? I didn't know, but decided that he could figure it out. I still wasn't quite sure where this was going, so saying this was it and then not coming up with the goods would be a failure. Better to just roll with it and if it worked it was good, and if not then I'd try something else.
First up, I thought about eating whatever came out of my bum. That would be disgusting. Surely? Poking my fingers in, rummaging around, and then eating the results in a way that said that I was getting great pleasure from the act. Putting on noises of delight. Maybe using toilet paper to wipe some up and eating that as well.
However, I'd just cleaned this sort of thing straight from a guy's cock after he'd fucked me anally. That trumped just eating it when alone, at least in my thinking, so I needed more. I didn't need a poo as such right now, just to get the gooey liquid resulting from my earlier escapades out. A full poo I could maybe have smeared all over my torso. Rubbed shit on my boobs and pussy. That would be disgusting, but the small quantity I thought was now wanting out would not amount to much.
I did need a pee though, and thought that this might work out as disgusting if done right. He already had videos of me peeing outdoors in what had been my collection, and was now his. The first time was when I'd been caught short and just decided to let rip while in the woods one day. I was then still at the stage of filming everything, and so just included it.
I'd recorded it happening a couple of times after that, but it didn't mean anything to me in a sexy way. I had just found out that I liked the freedom of peeing outdoors. Everyone does it when they are forced to -- or, if you were a bloke, it seemed like you did it all the time, that it was no big thing in the same way as it was for a woman. I just quite liked the freedom to drop and loose.
Now though, it was clear that just doing it into the toilet pan would not satisfy him. For a man that casually sends people off to get anal sex against their will, watching a girl have a normal pee on a toilet would be far from enough. I needed to spice this up to get close to what he might find acceptable, I and wasn't sure how to do that.
****
What I was trying not to think about were the long-term consequences of that video and the accompanying message being sent. If my mother and sister (who was also my best friend) saw it, then the family was going to split. It had to. Even if I spoke to them and said that my blackmailer had done this, that wasn't going to cut it. I'd have to prove that there was one, and there was nothing so far as evidence that wasn't on my laptop -- and he controlled that.
Dad could protest his innocence all he liked, but if I backed him up then that could be seen as a sign that it was actually true that were lovers, and that I was trying to help him. Maybe being remorseful over sending the email. And if I didn't back him up it could be seen in the same light. I wanted him for myself and so was keeping quiet so that I would get him.
On top of that was my personal situation. He wouldn't just send it to the family. The bastard was sure to send it out -- in batches of 50 to avoid spam controls -- to everyone that I had ever had email contact with. If he was going to burn me, then every indication said that he would go all the way. There seemed to be no mercy in him.
My flatmates, my fellow students, my university lecturers and admin would all get it, along with the rest of my friends and whoever was left. This time it wouldn't be a couple of people getting in contact to say I'd accidentally sent them a slightly embarrassing picture of myself. They would all be thinking I was screwing my dad.
Most of them wouldn't know he was my step-dad (not that that made it any better), and I'd be judged accordingly. If they were also not sent out Bcc then this could get even worse, with a mob soon after me. I was catastrophizing here. Thinking of how bad it could get, and the answer was very.
Already my roommates would be thinking my behaviour was dubious -- at best! If it came out that I was having sex with my dad then they would be sure to want me removed, even the guys who were so far getting no-strings sex. Worse though, was that the university itself might have me thrown out, both from the flat and my course. Bringing the institution into disrepute? That sounded about right.
That would leave me standing kerbside with nowhere to go, and nothing to do when I got there. Three suitcases of luggage, but very little money. The accommodation provided through the university might give me some money back, eventually, but I would have to fight for it. I'd not be able to go home, or even couch surf with friends. No one that knew me was likely to help me out, at least not without dodgy motives of their own.
Which would lead to my being in a cheap hotel somewhere desperately trying to not spend the little money I had. Crap! My bank account was controlled by an app on my phone. I realised that by the time I got to this point in proceedings anything in my accounts would have been transferred out. Maybe not directly to him, as that would be an obvious direct link, but certainly not available to me.
In cash I had about enough for a night somewhere. With no university and no family to fall back on I'd need to quickly get a job, and I knew that would not happen immediately even at my most hopeful. Fast food restaurants were about all I was cut out for at this point in life. I had no work experience and no real skills.
I'd also have no references, and no permanent contact address to give either, once my one night in the cheap hotel was over. Would they take on a girl whose only assets were in the suitcases she would need to carry around everywhere as she had no place to leave them safely? Doubtful. Doubtful at best.
My options were... well, limited. If this scenario came to be then I was screwed. Actually, that seemed to be my only real option, at least for a time. Sex. That was something I could do, and there had always been a demand for it throughout the whole of human history. Wasn't it called the oldest profession or something?
I could base myself at the university and use the bathrooms there to clean myself up, and maybe take boys in if needed. I'd go up to them, groups of men that I didn't know yet, and offer blowjobs, or full sex, for the right payment. Basically, whatever they wanted and could pay for. There were loads of men around, and some of them must want sex with me. I was pretty and would dress appropriately for the situation.
I'd have to keep using the hotel to sleep in at first but, if I could then get enough together to pay the deposit and rent a room in a flat share somewhere, then I could start to apply for jobs and a new bank account that was out of his control. Getting any honest work would be a blessing. Once you had one job then it was supposed to be easier to find the next one. As long as I could pay the bills I'd be happy, and then able to stop the sex work. Two, maybe three, months of that tops, I thought.
And I then stopped my thinking. At this time yesterday, I was a complete virgin. Had the idea of my becoming a sex worker been proposed I'd have been both offended and hysterically amused. Now it seemed a quite likely future if I didn't handle my situation correctly. And that meant coming up with a disgusting idea in the next few minutes to give me time to plan and then carry it out.
****
My plan was a two-part scheme. The first was something that I thought I'd heard of somewhere, but the second was possibly unique to me. I thought that they were both disgusting, gross, and downright weird -- especially part two -- but I knew that I could be putting myself through this for nothing if he didn't approve of my actions.
Sweeping most of the items on top of my bedside table onto my bed -- and then lifting the lamp off more carefully - I carried it to the edge of the bathroom. Placing the laptop on the top I then played around with angles for the camera for both stages, knowing I'd need to adjust halfway through. If I messed this up then I was going to have to produce a stage three, something even worse, and I had no ideas there. Do not mess this up Amy, I was thinking, you can do this!
I was undecided as to whether I should offer commentary while I did this, or stay silent. If I was masturbating I might sometimes call myself a bad girl, a slut, or something similar, depending on where I was, and the likelihood of being overheard. I decided that on this occasion my actions would speak for themselves and to just get on and do it.
After a further moment of indecision, I decided to go back and apply my make-up. He'd wanted that for my visit to David, and if that was the sort of look he liked then I'd give it to him. At this point, I'd give him anything he wanted, and if this made him even one per cent happier about what I was doing then I'd take that.
Sitting, and then lying down, on the bottom of the shower section was easy. It was cramped, but that was what I was wanting. My legs got raised into the air and I kept pushing them up the wall, eventually putting my elbows under me to give as much support as I could. Head and shoulders on the base unit, most of the rest of me resting up against the wall with my hands on my hips holding me steady.
This was now the time for me to try and relax myself a little bit and start with what I thought would be disgusting, and hoped that he would as well. I'd drunk the remains of a cup of tea, and a glass of water, from my table as final preparations. Drinking more when you already needed to get rid of the last lot always felt like it was adding pressure to the bladder, even though you logically knew that this new liquid would take some time to arrive there.
My cunning plan was to pee, but not just to film myself doing so on the toilet, or even outside in nature. Nope, I was going to do it on myself and even then go the whole hog. Not just on legs, or hands, the normal bits of your body that could interrupt your stream. I was going to cover myself as far as I could.
This was going to be disgusting. No getting away from that. But having just recently swallowed, and cleaned, a cock covered in soapy poo and cum, this wasn't even the worst thing that I'd done today! I was feeling both sick and nervous about this now. The task was ahead, and the reasons for it could go on the back burner for a few minutes.
I'd never come up with an acceptable (to me) term for my pee-hole. Guys pee from their cock, but girls pee from their urethra. Hardly comparable. I was too tense to go now though. The awkward position up the wall, and the knowledge of where it was going to end up, were inhibiting me. The bladder being upside-down couldn't help either.
Having done a bit of gymnastics in the past came in useful now, as I was able to release an arm from underneath me, keep my balance, and then massage my privates to try and stimulate the area and get things going. I turned my head and smiled for the camera as I did, trying to tell my audience that this was fun. That this was a good thing. That this was normal for me. Let's enjoy it together.
The first spurt hit the wall behind me and above my head with much of it bouncing off the plastic and then down onto my head. Onto my face. I didn't realise this immediately and hadn't planned for it, but what then dripped down from the walls joined what had already got to the bottom of the shower tray and this all soaked into my hair. This was all disgusting, so I kept on smiling.
That burst had been cut off prematurely, as I'd clenched up as it hit me. As the pressure fell, the stream ran down the wall, across my ear, my shoulder, my torso, and then dribbled downwards from my pussy to trickle down my torso from the top. I just hoped that the camera was picking this up properly.
In an ideal world -- although an ideal one would not have this sort of thing happening -- there would be a decent, real, camera shooting this, rather than a laptop's lens. Good as it might be, for what it was, it was unlikely to be able to get the whole effect of this in clearly. A human operator would also be able to focus on just my face, or the jet of urine coming out, whereas this was just a single overall image. What the hell was I thinking! A person filming me doing this would be simply awful!
The next time I was able to relax enough to hold a steady flow. Again it hit the wall over my head, but now that I expected the splashback I was prepared for it, and able to keep well enough relaxed to pee for a sustained period. It was only as I moved my head slightly to get my face further under it that I lost control again.
On the third attempt, I was finally able to get it perfectly over my face and into my mouth. Disgusting. Surely that was disgusting! When this was done, I almost was as well. All the rest of my bladder's contents barely reached my boobs before running out of steam and becoming a heavy dribble, then a slow one before quitting altogether.
I tried to gracefully right myself, letting my legs gently down, and probably just about managed it. I was being very careful as I was keeping my filled mouth open to the camera the whole time. I wanted him to see this. I wanted bonus points for this, or at least to prove the lengths that I was willing to go to to please him.
Using my tongue I pushed some of the contents -- my piss -- out of my mouth and down my chin. Then, tipping up my head in an exaggerated motion, I swallowed what was in there, before smiling back at the camera. My hair was plastered by piss to the side of my head, and still I smiled for him as I swallowed my pee.
Step one completed, I got myself fully upright and stood. I knew that my head was out of the camera's range now and so ran my tongue around my gums. As I'd been getting ready to do this, I had taken toothpaste and put generous quantities in my mouth, knowing that he would never be able to tell from his vantage point.
I'd barely tasted what had gone inside my mouth as I'd been lying there, and what I'd then swallowed. The strong peppermint from the paste had overridden what had come through, and I was now able to dismiss the remainder on my tongue by licking around and further releasing the mint. It wasn't like it was a big thing, but it was the first time I'd gotten away with something since this had started and I was pretty bloody pleased with myself!
I was therefore in a bizarrely good mood as I stood the laptop on its side and wedged a book of post-it notes underneath to angle it slightly more downwards. My body was sore in one very sensitive area from what had been happening earlier this morning, and my mind was still awhirl and unsettled from what was going on, but a minor victory had lifted my spirits.
That first thing had been something I was aware of people doing from seeing things online and general gossip. Not that I'd ever looked at any of the videos, but people peeing on themselves was apparently a 'thing' that some did. It was meant to cure jellyfish stings and that was the only time I'd ever expected to try it. This next bit though, I thought this was all my own.
"My hair is soaked with my piss," I said to the lens. I ran my hands through the worst clump, deliberately squeezing more of it down the front of my body. "I'd better wash it before I meet anyone. I'd sure get weird responses if I didn't!" I hoped that he'd not get any thoughts of making that a reality in the future!
Bending over the toilet, sideways on so that the camera got a good view, I let my hair lead the way into the bowl and all the way into the water at the bottom before giving a squeeze of the shampoo bottle to let a large dollop hit the surface as well.
Moving around so that my backside was pretty much blocking the view -- and incidentally probably giving him, and any future viewers, one hell of a close-up of what until very recently I'd thought of as my most private area -- I put my hands and elbows onto the rim of the bowl and carefully flipped upwards with my legs, making sure I didn't kick the bedside table.
A handstand with my head resting in the base of the toilet bowl, partially underwater, and my legs up against the wall. I bet no one had ever done anything as downright weird as this, and this had to count as disgusting. Right? It was about to get worse though, as I cautiously lifted one arm and hit the flush mechanism, causing a cascade of water.
I'd tried to keep my eyes open while this was happening, and to look at the laptop, but that was soon impossible. While the torrent came down the sides of the bowl, as I'd expected, and not squirting all over the place and onto my face, what it didn't do was disappear around the u-bend in the traditional manner.
In seconds the now foaming with shampoo water had risen from its starting point midway up my forehead -- with my hair all underneath it -- to the level of my eyes, and it just kept going. It was only as the level hit the top of my nose, threatening to fill my nostrils, that my brain clicked into gear. The water couldn't drain as something was blocking its exit from the loo. Me. My head and hair.
Hurriedly I pushed down on my arms, raising my head a little from its uncomfortable resting place at the bottom of my toilet. The sudden whoosh of the water disappearing gave me a sharp pain for a moment as my hair was tugged along with it down the drainage system.
Now that was disgusting -- but the camera wasn't going to catch it. The building was a new one and I'd not been in the room long -- and had been the only occupant. That meant the only poo gone down here was my own. That was bad enough, but just think if the place had been lived in for years. Generations worth of faeces could have been coating the inside of the pipes, with my hair now floating against that. Instead, they must still be pretty clean. Hopefully.
None of the toilet water had gotten into my system, although I suppose that it wouldn't have killed me if it had. Whatever went into the cistern should have been clean enough, so, while you didn't exactly want to drink from your toilet, it should be safe to do so from whatever was filling the cistern.
My dismount was a clumsy one as I tried to twist to the side as I did so, to make the most of my soaked hair being pulled out from the tubing at the bottom of the pan. If I'd come off the way I went on then that image would have been lost as I blocked the camera again. With a jolt, my boobs bounced back the right way up and a cascade of water spread onto the floor.
Smiling again, I ran my hands through my hair pretending that it was now fully cleaned of my pee. It might have been actually, as there didn't seem much in the way of stickiness or shampoo residue on it. That had presumably all been sucked down with the suddenness of the plug (me that is) being removed.
The big question I had now though, was would he accept this? I'd been told to do something disgusting and by my standards thought I had done so twice -- trying to make sure. I didn't know though whether either counted in its own right, for him, or, if not, whether he would accept two partially disgusting things as one whole one.
Now that it was done, and so far too late, I realised that I could almost have combined the two things into one. What I maybe should have done was the handstand with my head in the loo, and then let rip with the pee. To do my best not to squirt all over the place, but try and let it run all the way down from my pussy, over my upturned boobs, and into the toilet.
I hoped that he didn't think the same and want me to repeat this performance with a few tweaks. I had no idea what he was thinking in the medium or longer-term, but, so far, he seemed to be pushing me onwards. That being the case, then maybe he would just want fresh action, and not to go back for a better version of what had just happened.
My starring role was now over, and there just remained the need to clean up the bathroom as there was liquid all over the floor. I was going to think of it as just 'liquid' for the time being anyway, even though I know what it was and where it had come from. I was just glad -- for the first time -- that the bathrooms were not overgenerously sized so that the spillage was contained in a fairly small area.
I left the table with the laptop where it was while doing this as I didn't want to touch the wood or go into the main bedroom while still dripping. I'd need to wipe the laptop from where I'd touched it, and didn't want to have to go over my entire room to remove the urine smell that must be there, but I was still being protected from smelling by my toothpaste.
If he wanted to watch me cleaning a bathroom floor while still naked then he was welcome to. He'd seen pretty much everything else I could do while that way, so even the shower I was about to take to clean my own mess away would be mild viewing.
However, that left me in a little bit of a quandary. The camera was still looking towards the toilet and wouldn't pick me up in the shower. Usually I'd consider that a good thing -- a very good thing -- but right now I wanted his goodwill. It seemed a very small price to pay, under the circumstances, to let him get that footage as well if it might earn me a bonus point or two. I turned the machine.
I washed my hair very carefully. My entire body felt filthy, but my hair had been as far down the bathroom plumbing as it could go and, although I washed it a number of times, it still didn't feel right to me. I eventually realised that it was in my head, but that hardly helped and my scalp still crawled with imaginary filth as I finally moved on.
It was my custom to shave fully once a week and this seemed as good a time as any. I was still hoping to get back into my blackmailer's good books -- assuming that he had any -- and so I made sure to make as much of a show of my pubic trimming as I could. I sorted out my landing strip while standing with legs akimbo and facing the laptop, knowing that some guys seemed to like this sort of thing. Both my pits and legs I just did quickly and efficiently, before turning off the shower and drying myself.
Replacing the bedside cabinet and dumping the items that had previously been on the top back into place, I realised that I'd had enough. I was knackered. Physically I'd not been doing much, so I recognised it must be a mental thing, but I was still exhausted. I first sat, then lay on top of the quilt -- in case he called my crawling underneath it an attempt to cover myself up or something -- and cried.
****
When I saw the time, it was obvious that I must have dozed a little, but I hadn't been aware of that, or of time passing by. I cannot say that I was exactly refreshed by the rest I'd had, but it couldn't hurt. I was supposed to be meeting Scott's friends at some point, there was a task of some kind ahead, and he'd said that I was going to be punished as well. I was going to need all the rest I could get.
'Now that you are back in the land of the living, it is time to go and meet your flatmate's friends. Full hair and make-up. Offer them drinks while giving them plenty of time to admire you. Sit and chat for a little while, legs open. Then return here for your assignment.'
At the top of the bed I'd only have been partly in shot, but he must have guessed what I was doing there when I stopped moving. Unless I'd snored as well? I acknowledged the command, and then set about getting myself ready while thinking about this one. For the first time I'd be naked in front of strangers -- not that I knew my flatmates that well -- and if it was going to happen once, then I bet that it would again as well.
Sooner or later he'd tire of the limits of the flat and those in it to have me, supposedly of my own free will, embarrass myself in this way in front of them all, and humiliate myself (again supposedly at my own wish) in private with the guys. In the not distant future, I was going to be meeting strangers like these gamer friends, and it wasn't going to go well for me.
I was going to fuck Scott today, and then tomorrow probably start again with Connor, but with him getting a different entrance into my body. Then back to David -- although I could only see him willing to accept my mouth -- and then back to Scott again. Round and round the wheel of my life was spinning, but I couldn't get off.
Last night I'd said something to the others along the lines of 'I will stay naked if you have friends around, unless they object.' I couldn't tell if Scott had invited the two now in the living area prior to that, or had deliberately done so afterwards to show me off, but the blackmailer (who I'd have to come up with a name for, as I couldn't just keep calling him that) had agreed on my behalf that I'd turn up naked for them.
It was a bit of a stupid thing to have had to say to the guys anyway, as what bloke wouldn't want an attractive blonde to wander around naked in front of him? For the girls that was different. If either of them brought a friend over I didn't expect to have to exhibit myself, but most guys of my age would love a chance to see me in my birthday suit. And not just see for a second, but have me permanently like that indoors.
Make-up refreshed again, I headed through. On exiting my room I could see the TV was on and a game was being played by the people on the couch. Some sort of running around blasting enemies thing that I think Scott had called Borderlands earlier in the week. He'd been quite excited about getting this latest version of it and playing it through with his mates at the earliest opportunity.
My paranoia was back full steam in my head though when I realised two things. One was that I was being allowed to do this with no laptop. Therefore, there was no evidence that I was carrying this through as I'd been told. For all that he knew I could stand here, where they were not aware of me, for a while before returning to my room and telling him all about it. Making up a story about how terrible it was.
At some point last night I'd wondered if it was somehow Connor doing this and so had called me through to his room. He'd maybe seen me drop my phone at the library and picked it up to return to me at home. Perhaps had a quick nosy through the contents and had seen the videos -- and taken it from there. Now though, I knew that wasn't the case.
If it had been him there was no way that he'd have let me put him down and stop him from touching me this morning. His ego wouldn't take it. He'd have revealed himself as the blackmailer and then probably revealed himself in another sense. Screwed me into submission over the kitchen table or something.
There was no way he'd have sent me through to David, and shortly to Scott as well. Did any bloke want his woman shared with others? At least not until he'd gotten full worth out of her himself he didn't. Connor would have wanted to be first in each of my sexual entrances, at the very least, before I was shared around.
The same was pretty much true about Scott as well, and David was gay and so wouldn't want this either. Unless... unless he wasn't? Could that have been some sort of a bluff, or lie, to throw me off? No. Any man that wanted to screw girls would take me for their own long before sharing me. It could not, therefore, be anyone that I knew. QED.
However, and this was a big however, that didn't mean that one of them was not in on it now. The phone numbers, email addresses, and social media details for them were all on my phone and laptop. He could easily have contacted one -- or more -- of them and promised my body to them in return for help in setting me up.
Connor didn't seem a good possibility for that. Self-centred, and self-absorbed, as he was, I thought that he'd want to screw me on his own terms. Which left the possibly gay David, and Scott. Having Scott get me last would persuade me to put him at the bottom of the list, but having his friends here now like this made him a tempting candidate.
The reason for my being allowed to come out here and do what I had to without the laptop watching my every move would be that there was no need for that if Scott was in league with the enemy. He'd report back directly.
I knew that this could be paranoid thinking, but I'd have to act as if any of the guys could be in on this -- while putting Scott at the top of the list. He came across as a bit of a big kid. If he'd been sold this as some sort of big prank, some dare, or a lost bet even, then maybe he'd go ahead with helping the blackmailer without realising what I was in reality going through.
The second thing that bothered me immediately was that one of the guys was black. I'd grown up in an area with some Asians, mostly Indian or Chinese, but no black people that I'd ever really noticed. That wasn't an issue for me though, as although I didn't know any black guys personally, it wasn't his colouring that bothered me.
What was, or could be, was that you heard things about black men. The most important in this situation being that they were all supposed to have big dicks. Like really big dicks. This had been born out in the porn I'd seen, although I knew that this was pretty much fake. All the women were beautiful with large breasts, and the blokes were all well hung. Fakes, to one degree or another.
The thing that bothered me in this set-up was that the blackmailer had said that there would be some sort of task related to being out here and seen by these guys. Was I supposed to find out if the stories were true? And, if so, then there was only one likely way to achieve that. I'd end up with his cock inside me somewhere.
Again, in itself, that wasn't an issue. Well. Okay, it was, it really was! On that level it wasn't that he was black and might have sex with me, it was that I wasn't very likely to be getting a choice in the matter! It was an issue as I didn't want sexual activity with anyone. Not for a hell of a long time to come now!
There was a whole section of some of the porn I'd seen, and certainly in a lot that I'd skipped by, of a big black bloke pounding away at the 'tight' pussy of some teenaged, naïve, small-framed, blonde girl. I fit that bill to a t, and was afraid that this was why he was here. Soon there would be another video uploaded showing this same scenario, but this time I would be the star.
While I hated that idea, hated it, it was the possibility of this being premeditated that really bothered me. If the blackmailer knew that this black man was going to be coming round to the flat today then he'd had advanced warning. He'd only get that by colluding with one of the others. And as they were Scott's friends, and he'd know who he invited... then Scott was either the bastard himself, or in touch with him. Which put me back to my suspicions again.
When I went up to see the two guys they tried to be polite at first and look me in the eyes, but it didn't last. I ended up telling them that they were free to look at whatever they wanted -- as were all of my flatmates -- and I even gave them a little twirl so that they could see all angles. It wasn't like I spread myself down there using my fingers, but I gave them a full show.
I gave them the same spiel I'd given the others about keeping this to ourselves so that no one would complain about it -- and if they managed to then there could be repeat performances on future occasions. However, if they talked about it to others, and this became well known around the university -- and it would, as that's the way gossip works -- then I'd need to stop doing this.
"Think about it guys. Keep quiet and this could happen on a regular basis -- a hot blonde serving you drinks while naked, and letting you openly look at her boobs and pussy... or you talk outside of here and it all comes to a crashing halt."
I let them think about that and left them to their game while I went and fulfilled the drinks orders. I didn't think they'd keep quiet forever, as guys are going to talk about this sort of thing, aren't they? I hoped that they would stay quiet for long enough. Long enough for what I wasn't sure though! For this to have come to an end, and for me to be able to wear clothes again? I had no idea how long that would take. What the blackmailer wanted from me in the long term was still an unknown.
I figured that if it was some random guy jerking me around then there was a chance of his tiring of the game and either quitting, or making it an occasional thing, rather than a constant source of stress. Maybe if I told him exactly what this was doing to me, and potentially my future, he would stop? Given the earlier email message he'd threatened to send that didn't seem likely, but what choice did I have but to at least try to get through to him?
While getting ice from the freezer (of which we had two between the six of us, the same with fridges -- although we only had one larger than normal cooker and oven to try and share), I wondered when, or if, I'd ever get used to being ogled at by men. If you worked in a strip club or something did this ever become a part of you and so stop being so bloody embarrassing? I hoped that it would always bother me -- I'd have started dying inside if it didn't.
The black guy -- called Paul -- stood and stretched as I came back to the sofa area. He wasn't especially tall, but didn't need to be to tower over me as I was a little short for a woman, but he was bulky. He had a slightly chubby face, but the sort of body that many American footballers seem to have. The type where you are not quite sure if they are fat and overweight, or just muscly. I hoped that I'd not find out with him.
He seemed a nice enough man. Polite in his conversation, not swearing, willing to hear me talk and so not overbearing. However, as I was doing what I'd been told to, and sitting on the other sofa with my legs parted way, way, more than I would have even if fully clothed, and so showing off some of the interior of my pussy, as I knew my lips had parted, I never wanted to see him again.
The other one, Mike, wasn't really saying much and was leaving the conversation to Scott and Paul. I was trying to concentrate on what was being said rather than worry if Scott was in league with him and would report back if I didn't show myself off like this -- or was I now doing what I was told in fear, and he was sniggering away somewhere at my situation, guessing that I'd do as I was told without any further surveillance.
My pussy was on full display to these three men and I was supposed to ignore that fact. Bloody awful! And yet... and yet there was something else as well. I knew that at least somewhere in the back of my brain there was a small part of me that was not totally opposed to this. 99% may have been, but that was not all the way. I was a bit of an exhibitionist -- privately -- but apparently there was a small element that liked being seen as well.
I'd never studied phycology or any of that stuff, but I was aware that people sometimes deliberately did things that seemed to be the opposite of what made good sense in their situation. They couldn't properly explain it as, rationally, it was plain daft. My running around naked in stupid places probably came under that heading.
Somewhere inside me a small element had enjoyed parts of what I'd had to do so far. Certainly with Connor my body had reacted. With David it had come close. Here, with the three guys all closely watching my private parts as we talked about nothing much, I was also reacting. Could feel it in my nipples, and there were tingles, albeit small ones elsewhere as well.
That made it time to leave, I couldn't sit there with hardening nipples, waiting for my pussy to start leaking or something, and my body giving off signs of arousal! Not when they were watching me so closely I couldn't. I'd been in there a while -- how long I couldn't tell as there was no clock up on the wall, and I had nothing else to look at as a reference -- but it was certainly time to git.
I told them that it had been nice to talk, that they were welcome to come over anytime -- although the others would obviously need to be consulted by Scott -- and left them to their game. I didn't look back at them as I headed away, but play didn't restart so I felt sure that there would be six eyes glued to my butt as I walked away as nonchalantly as I could.
I got back to my room, and within moments there was another message up on the screen of the laptop, and being read out. Another cut and paste job. I wondered how many of these he had ready to go at a moment's notice. Exactly how far ahead was he planning? In a way, it would be a relief to get the next dozen items in one go, as at least I could prepare myself mentally for them in that case.
'Tell me about what just happened. Describe each of the friends and their reactions to you.'
That suggested that he didn't know yet, but did not rule out Scott telling him about it later on. That way he'd be able to compare our stories and see if one or the other of us was lying to him. Was untrustworthy. I was completely honest in my telling of what had happened, and when he wanted further details I gave them up without hesitation. I had too much to lose to do otherwise.
'Now it is time for the final round of mouth, cunt, arse, with only one section remaining. Take this machine with you to record events as you go to Scott and offer him vaginal sex. Fail to get it -- or to clean him with just your mouth afterwards -- and I email out that video. You know the one. Once done, take the machine and leave him to clean himself up. Do not do so yourself in any way until after filming your passing the time with his friends until he arrives back with them. You may then leave.'
Anyone getting to fuck me for the first time when I'd not been wined, dined, shown a good time, and was willing, would be bad enough, as they got to take my virginity. Scott though, after my just showing myself off to his friends like that would be awful. I was going to look like a right slut walking back out and asking him for sex in front of them -- if I didn't already look that way. But then that was the point, wasn't it?
Even if I managed to talk to him quietly, and get him to come with me, then they would see me trying to get him into his room, disappear from view for a time, and then reappear looking messed up. What the heck I'd look like after just having sex for the very first time I didn't know, but it was not going to be the nicely made-up girl that went into the room.
I'd then have to stand there chatting with them, waiting for Scott to clean himself up and get dressed again while they knew that I'd just been fucked by their friend. Hair and make-up in a mess for sure, but what sort of state my body might look in I didn't know. If I had clothes on I might, just might, have been able to hide it. Nude there didn't seem to be a chance.
Oddly there was a part of me that was almost pleased that this was the task given, rather than doing something with Paul, the black man. This would seem to indicate that Scott was not in touch with the blackmailer as that would have seemed an obvious way to go, to get me with the black guy. If so, then this could give me a little more freedom in trying to circumvent the things I was being tasked with. Maybe not much, but I'd take the small margins this might allow.
Student Life Part 7 ends here...