I was always a paper-pushing professional all my life. I had been an above-average student in school and was fortunate enough to land myself a well-paying job after the university. The job permitted me a lot of travel. That said, I would imagine that my life was what many people would consider as boring. For one thing, I wasn't a very outgoing person. I preferred to keep alone and lose myself in work. While my buddies in the office headed out to the bars and clubs after finishing up for the day, I preferred to work out my frustrations at the local gym. I guess my friends would tell you that I liked to live a quiet life.
I had no idea how much all that would change after what happened to me a few months ago, at a beach resort late one night.
xxx
I was in a fix and I knew it.
At that time, I was on a business trip and the client had booked me in a sumptuous tropical resort in Southeast Asia. I had my own villa to myself, overlooking lush green gardens beside the sea.
Somehow, I managed to lock myself out of my villa wearing only a bath towel. How it happened, don't ask me. Let's just say that I can be quite stupid at times. I guess, anyone can, at one time or another.
If this were just an ordinary hotel, I'd just look for the in-floor intercom and ask for a spare key to be brought up to me. Unfortunately this was an outdoor resort and the front desk was about a kilometer away. This, plus the fact that it was about two o'clock in the morning, made me decide against walking to the reception lodge to ask for a spare key.
I knew that the adjoining villa was occupied, so I took the chance of asking for help there. The lights were still shining out the windows of the front room, so there was a chance that the occupant was still awake.
I rang the bell and a woman opened the door. All at once, I recognized her. She was staying here at the resort by her lonesome self and I remember running into her at the buffet table at lunch. I don't normally stare at women openly as I consider this a breach of etiquette but I could not help but glance at her with admiration when she passed by with a plate heaped with seafood. Her lithe, slim form was certainly set off wonderfully by the lavender sarong wrap she wore. Her lavender wrap left her arms and the upper slopes of her breasts bare, and I could not help but imagine how smooth her soft, creamy skin must feel. I could tell she noticed I was admiring her by the look that passed upon her face at that moment. What I could not tell was how she would have felt if she discovered that I was busy staring at what was beneath her wrap and just wondering how sexy she must be in the nude.
The memory of our earlier encounter faded away and I found myself before her once more, this time, in much altered circumstances. She was petite, fair skinned and blessed with a pretty, slim figure. Others would describe her as almost elfin but for the delightfully large breasts which, though surprising for a woman of her build, only made her appear even more desirable. She had beautiful almond shaped eyes, the kind you'd describe as cat-shaped. Tonight, she was wearing a long lavender nightshirt that barely reached until her thighs. By the looks of it, I was willing to bet she wasn't wearing anything underneath. Somehow, I wondered if lavender was her favorite color. Taking in the sight of her smooth shapely legs, silky thighs and just a hint of her bare breasts under the nightshirt caused my penis to twitch ever-so-slightly. I instinctively fumbled with the towel to hide my reaction, embarrassing as it was under the circumstances.
"Yes?" she asked, after opening the door just a bit.
"I uh, I'm sorry." I managed to stammer. "But I seem to have locked myself out of my villa without my key. I was wondering if I could use your phone to call reception and ask for a spare one to be brought here?"
I was beginning to get rather flustered and embarrassed, standing clad solely in a towel at two in the morning before a very attractive stranger. The cool evening breeze whipped by and stirred the towel. It was a good thing that I consciously maintained my grip on it, as the last thing I needed was to have more of me exposed against my will. I wanted to get out of the outdoors as I could feel the cool evening breeze caressing my bare legs, my behind, and my excitable cock which was hanging loose underneath its only covering. Standing there, I absently hoped the wind would quiet down even for a moment. I was very conscious of the fact that my cock was no longer quietly flaccid but was now filling up, and becoming a bit larger. I felt a warm glow spreading from my groin and I knew that an embarrassing bulge was due to show any moment below the waistband of my towel.
She just stared at me in that peculiar way of hers for about a few seconds. Then, the seconds lengthened appreciably without her giving me a response, save for that quaint expression in her pretty face. It was getting pretty awkward and I was beginning to think it was a bad idea coming here. I started to consider trying another villa down the lane, although the next ones were quite a walk away. Maybe I could move along the bushes in the gardens of the resort grounds to avoid running into anyone unnecessarily.
I noticed that she had a way of staring at me with those deep all-so-attractive eyes, a way which I could only describe as mysterious and intriguing. I then had this uncomfortable feeling that she was sizing me up, almost as if she was trying to get a view of what the rest of me looked like under the towel. Deny it as I might, I had to admit that being under her scrutiny in my present state of undress aroused me somewhat. This caused my dick to harden even just a wee bit more, very much against my will, making me clutch the towel even tighter around my midriff. I knew for sure that a tell-tale bulge was now forming between my legs.
"Sure, come on in," she said with a smile; or more exactly, a cat-like smile.
"Thanks" I answered with a sigh of relief, entering into her villa. At the same time, I suppressed a sudden notion that I was a little mouse being led into a vixen's parlor.
Her villa's layout was identical to mine, one large bedroom which also doubled as a living room and a door to the rear leading to a generous toilet and bath. Her bed was turned down and only a pair of dim lampshades was on. The large French windows affording a picturesque view of the resort were open, the curtains drawn to the sides.
"Now if I could just -" I began while walking to the phone on the bedroom dresser. I noticed the air-conditioning was turned up and it was quite chilly. My skin was already breaking out into gooseflesh as I am pretty sensitive to cold. I never got to finish my sentence as she suddenly spoke, interrupting me.
"It isn't working," she said.
"I'm sorry?" I answered.
"It isn't working. I have a card key that makes it work." she replied. At the same time, I saw her lean against the front door, closing it shut. I heard the automatic lock click home.
"Of course, I can get it working in a second," she said. "That is, provided you're prepared to cooperate."
"I'm afraid I don't understand," I said.
By this time, I was standing in the center of the room a few feet away from her bed. The bedroom dresser was to my left and a glance showed me a large mirror capturing a full-body view of myself wrapped in the towel. I unconsciously admired the image that stared back at me. Spending time in the gym despite my busy work schedule kept me trim. I also noticed another large oval mirror near the bathroom door where again, I was exposed to full view, this time from the rear end. Mirrors, mirrors everywhere, it seemed.
"Its simple," she explained, still cat-smiling me while settling down on the easy chair next to the doorway. "You want something I have, and I am willing to let you have it. All you have to do convince me."
I was beginning to develop a bad feeling about this but I went on with it anyway. Under the circumstances, what other better choice did I have?
"All right then," I said sarcastically. "What should I do to let you let me use your key to call front desk? I'd pay you to let me use your key but as you can see I left behind my pants and my wallet is in my pants."
I was getting rather cold and bothered. Standing around in nothing but a towel, having a conversation with a stranger at two in the morning was not exactly my idea of fun even with a stranger this attractive and appealing.
"Simple," she said. "For starters, I want you to drop that towel."
"What?" I blurted out in a loud voice, with much indignation.
"You heard me. Take that towel off. I want to see those parts you're hiding under that sheet."
She then paused for a few seconds and licked her sensuous full lips.
"I want you naked."
"This is ridiculous!" I objected forcefully. "I don't have to put up with this crap".
"Sure you don't," she said still cat smiling me. She was obviously enjoying this.
"You can leave now if you want," she continued. "Go ahead, I'm sure you'll enjoy taking a stroll in the dark in just a towel. It's really up to you. Of course, no telling what kind of maniac you'll run into out there at this time," she added, running another glance across my body, sizing me up from head to toe.
I had to admit she had me there. All the while this was happening; I fought to suppress this irrational feeling that the whole situation was provoking within me. As if on cue, my uncooperative cock gave yet another twitch under the sheet as if in acknowledgment of how sexy this was turning out to be. Still, I decided then and there to play along with her gag if only to get this whole charade over and done with. I had a meeting in a few hours and the clients were coming in from Malaysia. I needed my rest to be in top form.
"Fine," I sighed.
"You win," I added with a smile that I hoped would placate her and thus defuse the situation.
"Hold on a minute," she said.
"Now what?" I asked, puzzled.
She stood up and went to the wall switch. She turned a circular knob and the villa's interior lights lit up. All of a sudden I was bathed in harsh bright lights from the powerful interior lamps found in the ceiling above me. I knew the interior of this place was now even more visible in the darkness outside for hundreds of meters around. With growing alarm and apprehension, I knew that with the windows open and the villa's lights shining at their brightest, anything that went on inside was open to public view for what seemed like miles around. No telling who could be watching what was going on now.
"Let's just say I don't want the view spoiled," she said with a slight giggle, while resuming her seat. Again, much as I hated to admit it, her giggle turned me on even more. Nonetheless, given that I was fast losing control of things at the moment, this was certainly the very last thing I needed.
"But the windows are all open---," I began without finishing as in that instant, I saw myself caught stark naked under the lamps. I knew with certitude that all the bright lights would only emphasize my nudity and wouldn't help one bit in preserving my steadily eroding modesty.
"Please," I pleaded desperately while looking down at the towel I clutched dearly to my body, "with all the lights on, anyone can easily see me, and I'll be wearing nothing." I had suddenly realized just how truly exposed I was.
"Not my problem," she answered coldly. "Now quit stalling."
I could feel the tension in the air. I could see she was breathing deeply while talking. Absently, I noted how her luscious breasts delightfully bobbed up and down, in time with her breathing. Her nipples, surprisingly large for a small framed woman were beginning to prickle and harden, pushing up against the cotton fabric of her nightshirt. Her eyes burned with an unmistakable spark of vulgar lust. Although it was cold, I also felt a warm flush spreading across my skin.
"Now drop it," she commanded with deadly finality.
"I want to see everything....," she added, leaving her words to trail off into silence.
"I want you naked," she commanded me, speaking out each word slowly. It was as if speaking those words were enough to strip me of my towel.
My mind raced frantically, but I knew there was nothing else I could do.
Get it over and done with, I thought.
Grabbing the edge of the sheet at my waist, I summoned up all my resolve to do what I had to do next. I took a deep breath and pulled the towel open, baring my nude hips, my thighs and my tool which now jutted forward, erecting swiftly as it was hardly so flaccid anymore. I saw her eyes hungrily sweep over my bared body, as she nodded to herself. To my intense dismay, I saw her unflinching gaze descend upon my exposed member displayed rudely a few feet before her eyes. My cock twitched like a captive little bird as I felt it imprisoned by her hungry gaze.
"Go on," she said coldly.
With a sigh of resignation, I let go of the sheet and the towel dropped to the floor.
Finally, it was done. I was intensely conscious of the fact that I was forced to disrobe for the sole amusement of a complete stranger. Before this night, I had always lived a quiet life, if a bit unassuming, contented with the practice of my rather boring profession. All that appears to have changed in a moment as I now felt like a male stripper, posing nude and sexy beneath the stage lights before a discriminating one-woman audience. Although I was awash with shame I also found it hard to deny that the whole situation aroused me in a way I could never have imagined before.
I was now standing stripped and bared in a lovely stranger's house. I was intensely conscious of the fact that I was openly exhibiting my nakedness for the amusement of this mysterious and alluring stranger. I felt myself blushing uncontrollably. I felt a warm flush building from the center of my being, rushing down from my cheeks down to my chest, to my arms, down to my abdomen, to my thighs, my bare ass, and finally into my steadily inflaming cock. Finally freed of its covering, my uncovered shaft was rapidly erecting with arousal, throbbing hotly amidst my exquisitely passionate shame.
As I glanced sideways, my breath suddenly caught at my throat upon seeing the image that confronted me in the bedroom dresser mirror. For a moment I failed to recognize the dark-haired man blessed with a hard, trim figure and a boyish smiling face which showed him younger than his real age. I saw myself standing stark naked under the hot glare of the lights, naked upon the behest of a beautiful and mysterious watcher. My reflection stared back at me and I saw just how flustered I was at having been compelled against my will to exhibit my nudity in the most helpless manner before this woman's lascivious and amused scrutiny. Despite all this, I was hotly aroused by the delicious sight was I presented with.
I could tell that my captor was in throes of arousal as well, by the way she kept fidgeting and crossing her smooth legs. Her hand went down unnoticed between her thighs and I could see that she had thrust her fingers into her cunt, which I knew would now be hotly spilling out her love juices. She was obviously savoring every single moment of her hold upon me, as well as my shamed nakedness, drawing out the pleasure it was provoking between both of us.
"I remember you staring at me at the buffet table," she mused, without taking her eyes off my standing, throbbing cock.
"Do you know that I knew what was going through your mind at that moment?" she asked me with a thin cruel smile on her lips.
"Oh, I knew you were imagining me without my clothes on," she continued. "I knew that you were imagining what I looked like without my clothes on. Men, after all, can be so predictable."
"I guess the tables have turned this time. So how does it feel to be caught with your pants down?" she jested. "Come to think of it, I was also wondering to myself how you would look stripped to your skin when I saw you today. For a while, I only thought I'd be imagining you. Of course, now, I have to admit nothing beats seeing a man like you in the flesh."
"All your fleshy nakedness at that," she could not help but add, with a snicker.
The intensity of her lascivious stare was so palpable, I could almost feel it. The effect was as though she was lewdly running her hands across my nude limbs and caressing most my intimate parts - my excitable cock and my bared buttocks. I could see her nipples under the nightshirt standing in stark relief upon her full delightful breasts. As she wrapped her smooth fair legs on the side of the chair, I saw her nightshirt hike upwards. I caught a glimpse of skimpy black panties and knew that she had kept herself shaved and waxed, as the smooth hairless triangle in the center of her silky thighs was wet through, staining the stretched black fabric of her thong. As if affording me a better view of her nether parts, she raised one leg before her, leaning on her knee, lending me a view of her sheer panties which barely covered that part where her buttock met her smooth inner thighs. Even in my distressed state, I noticed that the thong she was wearing left the creamy cheek of her left buttock quite nude.
The sight of her like this was almost too much for me. I was alarmed to see my dick now standing stiffly, my erection wildly uncontrollable. There could be no doubt that my cock was now fully erect. Instinctively, my hands went to my front as I strove to cover my exposed and throbbing cock and balls. In so doing, I inadvertently turned to my left side and saw the window wide open. God knows how many people were now seeing me in the nude, clutching my hotly erect shaft. My gaze fell to the dresser mirror and I was greeted by what was reflected in turn from the oval mirror at my rear. It appears that as much as I was exposed from the front and sides, another view of my nakedness was captured from the rear as I glimpsed a reflection of my bare shoulders and back arcing down, muscles bunching and the nude cheeks of my bared behind flexing as I strove in vain to somehow hide my vulnerable aroused sex from my beautiful tormentor. Irrationally, I felt at that time that in doing this, I would be salvaging something out of my crushed modesty and regaining some form of control – anything, at all, from this situation.
Alas, I had passed the point of no return - my tool was already too stiff, its shaft throbbing and aroused and its tip, all swollen and smooth. I couldn't have covered my erection with my hands no matter how I tried.
"Right," she said so suddenly, I almost jumped. "Take a man's pants off and he always tries to hide his pecker."
She grinned and, reaching out behind her, threw something that landed at my feet. It looked like a blindfold, the sort of cloth cover for your eyes they give out on long airline flights to help passengers get to sleep.
"Put it on" she commanded.
I bent down hastily and placed the blindfold over my eyes. Now I couldn't see anything. Then, as my hands went back down to shield my cock, I heard her say sharply, "Forget that."
"No use changing what I've seen already. Unless you want me to push you out now ...," she added, trailing off ominously. I suddenly had a vision of myself stumbling around outside her villa wearing nothing but a blindfold.
I was now completely in the dark but my other senses were screaming hyperactively. I could smell her hot, pungent fragrance, brought about by arousal. In turn, this added to my rising arousal too. My skin was alternately prickling up with the cold and flushing with shame and tension. I could hear her moving about in the chair.
"Stand up straight!" she demanded. "Now put your hands on the sides with your palms out."
Being in this position uncomfortably reminded me of being a slave on the auction block.
"Now put your arms behind your head." She commanded.
I did this, feeling even more vulnerable. I was in such a compromising position that she could see every naked inch of me. All she had to do was reach out and toy with any part of me she wanted as I was completely in her power. I truly was her naked plaything at this moment.
"Now turn to the right... slowly," she instructed, and I pivoted, breathing heavily. I could hear her breathing just as deeply in tune with me. I was conscious that I was now sweating heavily. The tension and the heat generated by the bright lights were making beads of perspiration form on my chest, my armpits, and my back. I knew my nude skin was beginning to glisten with a shiny sheen as if it were oiled. I felt a drop of sweat roll across my bare back and trickle down my buttock, tickling me and causing me to break out in gooseflesh. Being blindfolded, made me hypersensitive so that my flesh became acute to any touch. I even felt a drop of perspiration land on my outstretched cock, which was now standing stiff and hard.
Another sexy treat for my pretty voyeur, I thought to myself, sighing deeply. I hoped she was getting a thrill watching me perform as her private sex-slave, I reflected bitterly.
"Now I want to see the other side," she said. "Turn around. I want to see that nice ass of yours."
I was now facing the other way, and this time, it was the rear portions of my body that were nakedly exposed to her view. A lady trainer at the gym once said I had a nice butt, after all those long afternoons spent keeping myself trim. I was now conscious of the fact that that same very butt was presented and bared, this time for the amusement of another woman.
"Nice," she observed. "Now spread your legs."
Apparently displeased that I moved too slowly, she said sharply, "Wider! Much wider! That's better, now kneel."
I had no choice but to comply. I could only imagine the insides of my buttocks with its shining sheen of sweat spread out before her as I stretched my legs and knelt in a position of awkward exposure.
A few moments passed and I felt something cold and metallic close upon both my wrists, causing me to panic for a moment. I heard the sharp snap of a lock clicking shut. Handcuffs! She cuffed me with my hands locked solid behind me head.
"Now be nice," she whispered softly. "I have a gun here. Displease me and I think you know what part of you I'll shoot first." This caused me to quiet down swiftly. I felt my balls retract a little bit and my engorged cock thankfully lost some of its hardness.
I could hear her voice sounding from in front of me now. I could only imagine her staring down haughtily at me taking in the full frontal view of my helpless nudity. I must have presented quite a spectacle being totally bared, blindfolded and restrained, my legs spread wide with my naked sex erect and rudely exposed. I groaned as my cock began to stiffen up again. Now it seemed my erection was even more intense than it was a few minutes ago.
Won't this ever end? I thought.
"Now get up," she commanded me.
I stood up in a daze and emitted a high-pitched gasp upon feeling her fingers close upon my nakedly stiff tool. Gripping my poor throbbing cock, she pulled me towards the bed as I followed the sound of her voice. I felt the silk bedclothes on my bare thighs.
"That's it, get on the bed and spread your legs once more," she said.
I felt something tight fasten on my right ankle and almost lost my balance as my right leg was pulled taught away from my body. The same thing happened to my left leg. After this, I knew I was lying on my back with my both my legs spread wide open while my arms still restrained behind my head. The best I could do was to try to relax my arms and lie down on my back to avoid a cramp developing on my arms and shoulders.
Then, suddenly, the blindfold came off, leaving me blinking in the harsh glare of the lights.
She was standing in front of me, smiling and admiring her handiwork looking for all the world like a tigress before her helpless victim.
Still keeping eye contact with me, she reached below the hem of her nightshirt and placed her fingers under it. She then began to ease down her black thong, slowly, inch by inch across her rounded, creamy hips. Her thong slid down her silky smooth thighs, and still further down, until they were off. As she did this, I saw her smooth shaved crotch and her moist, hungry slit.
This served to arouse my now very angry cock which stood up even straighter, although I couldn't imagine how much more erect it possibly could get. I thought that this was perhaps the largest erection I ever had in my life.
When I looked back up at her, I saw that she had produced a slim, light camera and began to take snapshots of me in all my bared and aroused shame, giving special attention to my erect and throbbing cock. My position afforded me a delicious view of my shaven thighs spread wide apart. By raising my head off the bed, I could just see my groin, which I customarily kept shaved and hairless, now covered in a shiny sheen of sweat. From where she stood, the view that my outstretched thighs presented was an appropriate stage from the smooth center of my nakedness, where my throbbing cock was rooted, standing upright and straight, like a flagpole emplaced upon a bald hill. I shivered deliciously as I thought of how those pictures she was taking of my most intimate parts must look.
Putting the camera away, she began to move forward, sensuously like a snake, all the while cat-smiling me. I felt too much like a she-predator's naked prey, helpless in the moments before she pounces to devour him completely. I saw her settle her gaze once more upon my quivering nude cock and heaved an involuntary sigh. I could almost swear my exposed sex was radiating white heat from the intensity of her unflinching gaze.
"Please," I stammered breathlessly. "Please don't. Haven't you had enough?"
It was as if I hadn't spoken at all, as all of a sudden, I lost sight of her face as she appeared to bow down over my exposed crotch. A groan of pleasure escaped me as I felt a gentle, fluttering sensation on the excited tip of my cock. I now realized she was blowing gently upon tip of my quivering, dick. Her hot breath caressed the shiny tip of my engorged tool and this only heightened the feeling of intense helplessness on top of my intense humiliation. Very soon, I could feel my balls throbbing and tightening. I was alarmed as this was a sure sign that my angry aroused cock was just about ready to shoot out its' creamy hot load. Very soon, I feared I would be helplessly spurting my thick cum on the bed sheets.
Then, without warning, her full lips descended upon my captive dick, causing me to arch my back as a wave of pleasure hit me. She lightly flicked the smooth full cap at its end with her tongue, savoring the frenzied effect it was provoking in me. Her tongue became yet another weapon used in subduing me, her naked captive, as, like some living thing with a will of its own, it began a tantalizing journey across my aching, throbbing shaft, down my shaved groin, up my smoothened thighs, and across my bared midriff.
My nipples received special attention as she nibbled at them until they were two rock hard points. In turn, I saw her large nipples standing out in stark relief under her clinging nightshirt and smelled her aroused desire from her wet pussy. I knew that by now she was also on the verge of coming.
Suddenly, she straightened up and grabbed handfuls of her nightshirt. She drew the clinging garment above her head in one furious motion and threw it aside. Then, she knelt before me, finally stripped and burning with naked lust. In a daze, I drank in the sight of her delightfully luscious breasts swaying to the rhythm of her breathing. Her crinkled large nipples were twin hard brown points, blooming in arousal. Her hips curved out deliciously and swayed sexily with her movements. Below all that was her hairless crotch, exposing her nude, smooth pussy, moist and smelling heavily of sex.
Every part of her was flawless, smooth and creamy. I ached to burst my bonds and run my fingers and tongue across her beautiful naked body, over her silky flawless skin, and into her cunt and ass; yet I was powerless to do this. My massive cock was raring to bury itself into her hungry wet cunt and discharge its massive load, yet I was restrained.
Instead, she slithered onto me and rubbed her smooth naked skin across my restrained limbs, enjoying the intense arousal it was provoking in our bodies, the predator and prey. She took her time running her bared breasts across my exposed chest, down my midriff and finally across my nude, throbbing cock.
"Please," I pleaded breathlessly. "I can't hold it in anymore. I'm going to come..."
Yet she still appeared not to hear me, but continued to toy with my hot restrained body. My heart was thumping uncontrollably and I could feel a red-hot pulse echoing throughout my being.
After what seemed like an eternity, I could feel her shifting position, sitting up on my stomach and moving downwards, straddling me. She eased herself on my throbbing, erect cock, which she had earlier left standing lewdly and stiff, naked for the entire world to see. I felt shame and arousal at the notion that my ongoing humiliation and restrained seduction was being witnessed by dozens of delighted onlookers.
"Your- your name?" she demanded urgently, breathing in hot gasps.
When my dazed mind could not respond, she wrung the answer from me by clutching my throbbing balls in a desperate grip. I felt a stab of pain in my balls and this spurred me on to even greater excitement.
"Robert", I managed to blurt out breathlessly just as she lowered herself fully into me. "It's Robert...," I gasped out loud just as my hips were beginning to pump upward with much urgency.
I felt my throbbing, angry cock being enveloped in a tight, sticky and hot grasp. I was gasping for breath as I felt her pussy tightening around my shaft, squeezing in it a slippery grip.
"Oh, oooohh!" I moaned with delirious pleasure. I had never, ever, in my whole life been so delightfully fucked before by a woman while being helplessly restrained to her bed.
By now, my cock was firmly ensconced within my wanton tormentor's cunt, as she rode me, moving up and down, faster and faster. I was thrilled to feel my erect, hardened shaft sliding hotly and deliciously within her wet, hungry cunt. My balls tightened as my ass muscles flexed, and I knew I was seconds from coming.
I arched my back sharply, lifting myself and her both off the bed as my cock spurted its massive load of sticky hot cum into her hungry throbbing cunt. At that instant, she also climaxed in the throes of a blindingly hot sexual release. Dimly, I was conscious of pumping out load after load of sticky white cum that flooded over and spilled out of her hungry wet cunt.
That turned out to be the first of many hot orgasms we inflicted on one another in the course of that evening.
xxx
I awoke to the sound and feel of a beautiful naked woman sleeping the tired sleep of sex beside me. In the course of the evening, I was untied and uncuffed, finally set free to explore and enjoy the heavenly, smooth body of my one-time tormentor to the fullest. It was daylight outside but the window drapes were drawn. I knew I would miss my meeting with the client today but somehow I knew I could find a way out of it and frankly, I didn't really care.
Then, she woke up and turned to me, giving me that oh-so-intriguing cat smile from those alluring almond shaped eyes.
"The key is on the dresser anytime you want to make your call," she said.
"Thanks," I answered, smiling. I'd do anything for that smile.
"I'll make that call as soon as I can find my towel," I said idly, remembering that I came to her villa dressed only in that one little sheet. I looked around but it wasn't anywhere in sight.
"I can't seem to find it," I said while standing up from beside the bed in nothing but my skin.
"Well, if you convince me to let you, I'll lend you a bathrobe," she replied with an intriguing look on her pretty face.
Seeing the look on my face, she added, "Its Nika. My name is Nika."
Somehow, I had a feeling I'd have to work double hard in convincing Nika to lend me that bathrobe. Either that or I'd have to go fetch my spare key from the reception villa in the nude.