My wife and I have been on vacation with my wifes parents for the last few days and so far it's been nice just to have some extra help with the kids. We haven't had much time to ourselves since the twins were born and you can probably imagine how taxing the kids can be on my wife, and on our quality time together. We have an amazing relationship and work well together but when it comes down to it, we're always just so busy. This vacation was necessary and has been rejuvenating for both of us so far, allowing us to at least forget about stresses like homeownership, cooking, cleaning and laundry since my mother in law is a saint.
My wife is a busty brunette with an athletic build and her mom is an even bustier brunette who's never played sports but always has her hair and nails done and only wears heels. They're both very attractive and my wife knows that I have a thing for her mom, especially since I have a thing for big tits. My wife and I have a very open and honest relationship and I've held back no comments over the years, which has admittedly worked out better sometimes than others, but still seem worth it overall. I believe yesterday is definitive proof as I've never came so hard in my life.
My wifes family is big on alcohol and all day yesterday my mother in law was making us the strongest drinks either of us have had in months. My wife and I were able to relax all day by the pool while my wifes parents handled the kids and joined us in between the kids naps. This was the first time my wife had put on a bikini since having the twins and she's recovered remarkably, filling out the bikini better than ever with her engorged tits, skinny waist, and wide hips.
Seeing her mom in a bathing suit was also a rare treat for me as she doesn't usually join us unless it's really hot out and she needs to cool off. My wifes mom was wearing sunglasses and a very low cut cheetah print one piece that pushed her deep cleavage up to her chin when she got in the pool with us. I could barely contain my excitment and my wife noticed instantly, giving me looks every time her mom looked away.
Slowly my wife went from giving me looks to subtley teasing me throughout the day. Every time my wife was floating behind her mom my wife would push her tits together to try and imitate her moms bust. Seeing the two of them in front of each other with my wife daring me to compare her and her moms tits got me hard and kept me hard for the entire time in the pool. I should probably add here that I'm a pretty big guy with a pretty big cock and a healthy sex drive.
Besides having a milf kink, and I suppose now a gilf kink, my wife knows I also have a bit of an exhibitionist kink. Knowing how much she was already teasing me, my wife was ready to push things to another level. My wife chugged her drink and asked me to get out and get her another, knowing how visible my cock would be for anyone who was looking in my direction. I did my best to adjust and hide my cock and distract my mother in law, even though I secretly wanted her to know how hung I really am.
As I made my way back to the pool with another round of drinks, almost unnoticed, my wife pointed out to my mother in law how tan I've been getting during the vacation. From my point of view, this innocent suggestion led to both women staring at me and my raging hard cock until I was back in the pool floating beside them. Ready to attack my wife and her mom with overwhelming lust I was able to control myself and keep my thoughts hidden from my mother in law until we all got out of the pool to head in for the night.
After putting the kids to bed and separating from her parents I was ready to punish my wife for all her teasing. Little did I know that she had only just begun teasing and was ready to take any "punishment" I could dish out. When we finally made it back to our room alone together I was rock hard when I grabbed her face, pulled her head back by her hair the way she likes and slipped my tongue in her mouth. As she kissed me back she reached down, grabbed my throbbing cock and said "wait here I have something for you." I almost didnt let her go but knew my wife always takes good care of me and if she wanted to be the one to control the situation then it would be in my best interest to let her.
When my wife came back in the room she was wearing her moms low cut cheetah print one piece that pushed her cleavage up to her chin and I almost came from that alone. "I know you love to fuck me in other women's clothes, and I don't want to know who wore it better, but I do know you want to fuck me in my moms bathing suit. I don't think she'll mind, do you?"
I was floored, I love my wife. Before I could think of a good answer my wife continued for me. "I know what you're thinking, you'll probably make a mess all over it. Don't worry, I dont think she'll mind that either. I'll just put it back where I found it and hopefully she wont notice" my wife said with a wink and a smile.
"What if she needs it tomorrow? She'll be covered in my cum." I said, throbbing at the image.
"Isn't that what you want anyway?" my wife said confidently. That is what I wanted. I wanted to cover my wife in cum. I wanted to cover her mom in cum. I wanted to cover their clothes in cum and I wanted them both to wear my cum like badges of honor. If I couldn't get with her mom, this would be a great second option. I grabbed my wife hard and kissed her again, excited to finally relieve my hard cock and full balls. As I kissed my wife she put her hand on my cock and slowly made her way to my ear..
"You know my mom saw how hard you were earlier, right? She told me when you got out of the pool. She said she understood why I married you and had two kids with you already with a cock that big. She asked me to point out your tan when you came back so that it could give her an excuse to stare at your cock longer without you knowing. She asked me not to tell you but I told her you wanted her to see it. She didn't believe me at first but I told her you have a crush on her and that's why you were so hard."
I didn't know whether my wife was telling me the truth or just talking dirty to me but I didnt care, she was telling me everything I wanted to hear. Then my wife dropped down to her knees and put my cock in her mouth. She looked up at me, pushed her busty chest out, pulled her moms sunglasses out from somewhere behind her, put them on and looked back up at me. "Is this what you were picturing in the pool today?" she said between slurps. "You couldn't wait to get me alone in your room, down on my knees, sucking your cock, could you?" she said, careful not to differentiate between whether she was speaking as herself or as her mother.
After working my shaft and balls she got on her feet and guided me over to the bed. She pushed me down and got on top of me, taking off her sunglasses and sliding her moms bathing suit to the side to slip my cock inside her. I went in easily as I was rock hard and she was soaking wet. "Do you know why I took your big dick out of my mouth so that I could ride you right here, right now?" I was in sensory overload, barely able to think. "Look at the door." My heart was pounding as I looked over at the door, still thrusting deep inside my wife from underneath her. She had left it open slightly when she came in and I had been so mesmerized by her moms bathing suit that I hadn't even noticed.
"My mom's watching us. I saw her walk by when I was sucking your dick and she stopped to watch. Don't look now but shes still watching. I don't know if she knows I can see her but she's wearing that tight black dress with the leg slit she's been wearing every morning that you like so much. It makes her tits look huge"
My wife was riding me hard now, putting on a show if her mother really was watching us. She was bouncing up high, pulling my cock almost all the way out of her then slamming down so my balls slapped loudly against her ass, all while her engorged tits were smacking her in the chin. If her mom really was watching us then there's no way her mom wasn't proud of her daughters performance.
Knowing my limits and not wanting to get pregnant again my wife and I rolled over so that I was on top of her. As I gave a few more hard, deep thrusts my wife pushed her tits together, stuck out her tongue and begged me to cum. "Mmm cum for me baby. I want you to cum all over my tits and my bathing suit. I want you to cum all over me and my face. I want to taste your cum."
So I came hard. I came all over her bathing suit, all over her moms bathing suit. I came on her tits and on her face, getting some in her mouth and some in her hair. I came again and again, more than I've ever cum in my life, probably because I was teased more than I had ever been teased before in my life and it felt so fucking good. This vacation had been long overdue and was getting better every passing day.