Mixed Asian Girl goes to the Highway Patrol Trooper / Officer Academy
Hi everyone, I apologise profusely, but I have decided to start a new series that was mostly similar to the previous 'Korean Highway Cop' series. I have decided to have a different character, as well as to introduce more backstory, the academy, and more personal aspects. This series will have very similar kinks and sexual aspects as to the previous one, just a different character, that's all.
If you were more interested in the body and the last character, I will be making a different series with a different character more similar to Sumin Jung, but camping in the Australian Outback.
**
This story follows Hannah Lee, a young girl who is put through the state's Highway Patrol Academy.
Hannah Lee's Body: Hannah is a somewhat small girl coming in at 5'4 and 44kg. She is of Wasian descent (Japanese on her mother's side and Australian on her father's), and she has typical slightly-tanned Asian skin. Her hair is black, straight, and the length remains at a few inches past the shoulders. She has small, perky 32B cup breasts, with a mixture of smallish pink-brown nipples that sit perfectly aligned and straight on her breasts. Her breasts don't even sag or hang low in any way, they remain always perky, firm, and up high.
She has a slim build, with only the slightest curves on her ass and a small waist. Her hips are perfectly rounded and definitely are the move curviest portion on her body. Hannah's thighs are somewhat slim as well, with the slightest indication of muscle. She doesn't have much abdominal tonnage in any way, yet her stomach remains perfectly flat and small.
Her bush is kept in a small yet wide triangle just above her pussy. Her pussy lips can be considered slightly puffy, and her small clit juts out ever-so-slightly. With the clothes she typically wears, she gets a fair bit of camel-toe showing as well because of her lips. She is definitely considered pretty and she has wide, dark brown eyes, a smallish jaw, not to the point of sharpness or a 'V' shape, but it is slim, small lips, cheeks slightly puffed, and a perfect, small, straight nose. Many consider Hannah's body and looks as more 'innocent', but this is far from what her personality is like.
Some backstory: Hannah has casually had plain, vanilla sex a multiple times ever since she was in highschool with a friend of hers, Harrison. Harrison was in a FWB with Hannah, and he was the only white guy she had ever been with. He barely had 5 inches in his pants, yet Hannah had loved the size of his member. Since highschool, Harrison had developed to be more toxic and he had shared private pictures and his encounters with Hannah to everyone in his friendship group, and this had led to the both of them falling out of touch with one another.
Past highschool, Hannah was also exposed to the 'toxicity' of white guys online, and she had feelings of resentment towards all whites, and even her own father. She even had an Asian boyfriend, and she has been intimate with him not more than 3-4 times over the single year they had dated. She always thought she was a 'size doesn't matter' sort of girl, when it comes to her now-ex boyfriend's 2.5 inch penis, but she just didn't feel any sort of pleasure. She once had realised that white was bigger and better, and she'd masturbated a few times to the thoughts of Harrison penetrating her, even if he was a piece of work. Hannah had a great amount of self-control, and she had managed to suppress these thoughts of BWC, and she was able to convert them back into feelings of resentment towards white people, and their members.
However, throughout highschool, and even currently, Hannah is definitely known as a slutty girl. She would act exactly like a pick-me girl towards the guys she had liked, even whilst she had that Asian boyfriend. She would even 'accidentally' lift her shirt, to reveal her slim midriff, in front of whoever her crush was. She had also rolled up her school dress, just so it would rest merely 6 inches below her hips, showing off her slim, yet muscular thighs. She commonly had dress code violations for this, and because of her Physical Education shorts were extremely short and thin too, revealing her panty-lines.
She definitely seems to enjoy the feeling of male attention, whether it be to her as a person, or to her as a slutty whore.
**
Hannah had just turned 20. After 2 years of bouncing around minimum wage job-to-job since highschool, Hannah decided to apply to join the Highway Patrol and become a State Trooper. Today was the day that she had found out she was accepted into the academy, where she would then undergo 6 months of academy training, then 6 months of probation on the job. To celebrate, she decided to go get a navel piercing at a local mall.
Hannah still dressed very similar to what she did as a teenager. Crop tops, short skirts, short shorts, anything that was slutty and exposed her body, Hannah would wear. For today's appointment, since she expected an odd bruise on her stomach, she wore a plain gray hoodie paired with short, black basketball shorts. Underneath, she just wore a black sports bra, and matching black sports panties.
At the piercing shop, the man working there looked Hannah over with glee. He didn't expect his appointment to be this attractive, nor did he expect such an innocent face to have such a sexy, slim body. On the appointment chair, the worker asked Hannah to lift her hoodie so he could complete the piercing, and he got the slightest glance at her sports bra. He could see the beautiful shape of her small breasts, and even the slightest shape of Hannah's small, round areolas. Hannah noticed the man was looking a little too high for just her midriff, and she liked the feeling of his eyes glued to her chest.
She lifted the hoodie just a little higher, and now the man was able to see Hannah's small cleavage showing out of the top of her bra, and he loved this view. Seeing Hannah's petite, tanned cleavage started giving him a boner, and this was when he knew he had to get back to work, and ignore any little 'happy distractions'. He then finished Hannah's piercing, which left her with a bit of pain in the region. He gave Hannah all the usual instructions and care advice for her new piercing, and Hannah gave him a shy thank you and she was on her way. Hannah's plan was, when her piercing had healed over, she would put a small diamond stud connected with a little cyan-tinted diamond pendant in her new navel piercing.
Fortunately for Hannah, this wasn't her sole happiness for the day, since she was accepted into the academy. She went straight home after the body shop, driving in her 2002 Holden VY Commodore, imported straight from Australia, all paid for by Hannah's father. She liked to think she was a 'car-girl', especially since she had owned a beautiful Australian V8, but truth be told, she only liked the 'flashy' part of being a car-girl; to have a nice car to show off and to garner attention, but she didn't know shit about working on and with cars. After all, attention, more specifically, attention from men, was all that Hannah loved, and craved.
Once she had arrived home, Hannah went straight to her room and she got all the suitcases and bags she could. She threw in nearly all of her tops, shorts, and even some mini-skirts to a training academy, which is possibly the most idiotic choice to ever make. She also packed some leggings, and finally her underwear and bras. Her undergarments in general weren't overly revealing, but still somewhat revealing, for she still believed she was 'an innocent girl.' Her collection was mostly just bras, pushups, and sports bras of various colours, with light padding and straps that could easily be seen through a shirt or even a jacket. Her panties followed a similar concept, and the outlines of them could very easily be seen through any pants she wore, and she loved nothing more than this. Hannah was due for the academy in just two days, so had left a few basic, cheap clothes for the next few days.
**
That day had finally come, and Hannah wore something that surprisingly wasn't that revealing, for it was just a sweater and black leggings. She had only told her mom on the phone that she was leaving for the academy, and she had left her own dad completely in the dark. Her family situation was always like this; she never cared or batted an eye about her own father, and she only told her mom some things so she would get off her back.
Hannah was waiting at the bus-station, and once the bus had arrived, she pulled her phone out, and just sent 'cya' to her dad as she boarded. She then sat down near the back, pulled her headphones out, and rested her head on the window. The bus was already mostly full, but it was full of only girls, and Hannah had figured it would be like this most of the time, except for the theory learning in the lecture hall possibly.
**
A few months pass, and Hannah finally feels as if she is beginning to adjust to the academy. She shares a dorm with just one another girl, Stephan, and over the months, she's finally beginning to actually enjoy talking to her. Hannah's even able to develop a crush, an Asian guy named Joshua. They would only have the opportunity to talk during the lunch hall breaks, and only throughout the lectures, since the actual lecture campus and lunch [only] hall was located a few miles away from the two gender-seperated dorms. Hannah would regularly pass by in front of Josh to sit on the other side of him, and in doing so, she would face her ass towards him in either little miniskirts, exposing the top parts of her thigh and even a small amount of underwear, or short shorts, where he was able to see a bit of Hannah's ass cheek hang out, and the outline of her small, tight panties.
Hannah seemed to enjoy his attention a fair bit, and one time after the 2nd lecture on non-lethal and de-escalation training, Hannah went to the bathroom in the lunch hall.
She had become fairly horny that morning from accidentally clicking on a porn ad on a free movie-streaming website, and the porn was of a man's big white cock fucking a small Asian girl in a reverse cowgirl position. Completely disregarding the fact that she had just been turned on by a BWC, Hannah had managed to just convince herself that it was because she hadn't been able to get off as often as she wanted to - at least once or twice a week. This is where her denial towards her true admiration and sluttiness for BWC begins to seep through the cracks.
Hannah had gone into a cubicle in the bathroom, and she pulled down her shorts, and began touching herself to the thought of Josh jerking off thinking of Hannah, and to the thought of her stroking and caressing his cock, regardless of what size it was, it 'didn't bother her on size' apparently. She was just rubbing her little clitoris in small circles whilst slouched over on the cover toilet. Hannah was getting closer and closer to climaxing, and she was softly moaning and panting heavily in the stall. There was a small opaque window behind each of the stalls to let air out into the forested area behind the campus, and in Hannah's stall, the window was left slightly ajar, allowing anyone to peer inside. Hannah had felt a pair of eyes watching her as she was edging closer and closer to an orgasm. She had a small burning feeling of embarrassment, but she liked this feeling at the same time, and she went faster and faster thinking that it was Josh watching her, probably jacking off his cock at the same time.
She was now so close to orgasming, she could feel her juices and pre-cum slowly oozing out of her pussy. Hannah now wanted to see her beloved Joshua before reaching her euphoric orgasm, and she had turned half around on the toilet seat, and she stuck her head up towards the window a bit to look at the voyeur watching her.
Sure enough, it was Josh, and he was standing there, about 6 feet from the cracked open window.
It felt as if Hannah's libido had spontaneously died. She was greeted with the sight of Josh bent over slightly, shoulders hunched in. In his hand, between his fingers, was a little micropenis. A full-on micropenis. It didn't measure at more than 2 inches, and it's girth was as if a pencil was cut into half. Hannah could even see the little, singular drop of white, milky cum fall out of his disgusting uncircumcised tip. This sight had done more than kill her libido, it had made her nauseous and feel light headed. She could even feel her face begin to scrunch up as she shouted "What the fuck!" Hannah spoke with a typically gentle, sweet voice, and her accent was mixed somewhere between Australian and just a slight amount of American.
"Wh-what's the matter Hannah? I-I thought you'd enjoy my company?!" Josh shouted back, surprised and eyes wide-open in disbelief.
"What the actual fuck is wrong with your cock?!"
"I mean I know it's a bit smaller because I'm Asian, but what's wrong with it?"
There was a brief pause as Hannah was trying to regain her composure, as she was still in absolute shock about Josh's disgusting micropenis.
"Oh.. I see. You're one of those Asians who are into white dick only because it's bigger..." Josh muttered whilst moving his eyes down to the ground in front of him.
Hannah had no reply, she had just felt like she wanted to escape this situation, to forget about Josh, Josh and his little member. Hannah just quickly had to pull up her underwear, with juices still moist running down her legs, then her shorts, and she just opened the stall door, and ran towards the bus area, where all the other cadets were most likely already waiting at.
'You're one of those Asians who are into white dick only because it's bigger.' This statement had stuck into Hannah's head hard. Typically, Hannah was misidentified as just Asian, when in reality she was a Wasian, White mixed with Asian. Generally, she was happy when this would happen, since she could feel as if she wasn't really white, and being as far away from white as possible was what Hannah wanted, wasn't it?
The idea of BWC was now implanted into Hannah, and any thoughts of attraction towards Asian guys, and to their little members, just made her feel sicker. Still, Hannah really maintained her self-control, and she tried hard to forget those thoughts about BWC, yet they remained in the back of her mind.
'Was BWC really better? Am I just attracted more to BWC?' she thought to herself as she was boarding the bus, headed back towards her dormitory.
**
Please feel free to provide any constructive criticism, and I apologise for any mistakes or if anything doesn't make sense. As you can probably tell, I've somewhat rushed this introductory chapter to try and catch up to where the previous series was, but now I will be sticking to the series with Hannah Lee, rather than Sumin Jung.