Anna wasn't sure what she and Charlotte would do that evening, but she was glad today was over. Her parents were away for the weekend and she'd asked her friend over.
The weather was good, a fairly average summers day so there was no reason they couldn't get out into the town tomorrow clothes shopping. And of course Saturday night was clubbing night. A chance to find a boyfriend. God she was so horny she had even thought about letting Charlotte ravage her. She'd offered a couple of times when they'd been drunk.
She glanced across at Cam as they turned into her road. He was dropping them from work and had been chatting to Charlotte about an awkward customer while she'd been day dreaming.
"Come in for a coffee if you like?" She offered as they pulled up.
"Sure. That'd be great."
She knew he fancied her but ten years older and married. No. Too complicated. Not bad though. He didn't speak much, unless he was joking about. At work he was more your strong silent type. Good company though and she always felt unthreatened by him.
Anna made coffee in the kitchen while the other two started some kind of double entendre flirt that eventually got around to the size of men's cocks.
"That's why I prefer a good strap on. They come in larger sizes than six inches."
Anna glanced at Charlottes pretty little body. She couldn't help but get a vision off her on all fours taking it from another girl with a big black plastic cock. Just eighteen and she looked so sweet and innocent.
"Six inches? You mean soft I assume?" Cam replied.
Anna giggled before showing her disbelief.
"What?
I may prefer the real thing but Charlottes right. Six inches is about average."
Probably shouldn't have said that. And there had only been two. She thought it best to clarify.
"Not that I've had that many."
"Hmm." Cam had that smug look about him.
"Two. Just two." She insisted, holding two fingers up to emphasise the point.
"And neither were bigheaded enough to claim giant cocks."
"Not bigheaded if it's true." Charlotte added.
Cam went back to looking smug.
"What?"
You can do better than seven inches?"
Anna crossed her arms and raised her eyebrows.
"I don't think so."
Cams face broke into a wide grin. And there was a hint of blush in his cheeks.
"Really?"
She glanced over at Charlotte swinging her legs from where she sat on a stool. She was stepping out of the conversation, instead wanting to see it develop between these two. She had her mischievous look about her.
"Don't include me. I'm more of a cup size expert."
She waved her hands as though sizing Anna tits up.
"B, I reckon."
Anna avoided confirming that, instead turning back to Cam where he leant against the worktop with coffee mug in hand. She couldn't help but let her eyes flick across his groin. She had to admit a little intrigue.
"So how big?"
Cam laughed.
"Better than seven. All I'm saying."
Anna felt a tiny stab of want from her groin.
"If you can beat seven you can bend me over this worktop right now."
The words left her mouth before she'd even thought them and with it came the first hint of wetness in her panties.
"Get a ruler."
They both looked at Charlotte. She was smiling, clearly intent on making them uncomfortable.
"This is stuff we need to know. So get a ruler."
"You can do that. But then you'd have to honour your words."
Cam twisted his position slightly and Anna knew he was getting hard.
"I can find a ruler.
If you're gonna make big claims then I think Charlottes right. You should prove it."
She could see Cams eyes studying her closely and for the first time she considered he might be telling the truth. And that he might go through with it.
"Take your trousers off and I'll get it for you." She challenged him with a sudden seriousness.
"Yeah. Like I'm falling for that.
How about you get the ruler and then you take my trousers off?
That way you can't say I exposed myself."
Anna considered for a moment. Could he really be that big?
"What?
You want me to measure it?"
"Whose gonna chicken out first?" Charlotte prompted in the following silence.
Anna flashed her eyes at the one person in the room who could sit out her next decision.
"Okay." She said firmly. She really wanted to know now.
"And you'll do what you said?"
Anna caught her breath to steady her voice as a tingling flashed into her stomach and down her legs.
"Maybe.
But only if you beat seven inches."
Charlotte interfered again.
"If he's bigger than seven you have to put out. It's only fair."
This was really making Anna horny now. From 'no way' through 'Maybe' she was fast considering 'might have to'.
"Okay. But less than seven and a half and you're putting it back in your pants."
Cam was still intent on making sure of the ground rules.
"What if we don't agree on the method of measurement?"
"You're just looking for a way out now."
Charlotte chipped in again.
"Ruler on top. Groin to tip, straight out.
I'll be judge."
Anna looked back at her friend. She'd almost forgotten she was there.
"Good for me."
Her eyes turned back to Cam expecting him to back down at the thought of letting Charlotte see his cock. After all the one thing that was for sure, he wasn't going to be fucking her.
"How about you?"
"Best get your ruler." Cam put his mug down and slid it away as if to invite her into his personal space.
Moments later Anna was positioning herself in front of Cam on her knees.
"I can't believe I'm doing this."
She glanced up at him feeling like she was about to give a blow job. Then carefully she peeled open his belt and trouser fastenings. All the while careful not to touch anything other than clothing. His eyes stayed on her as she undid the zipper and the suit trousers fell to his ankles. He lifted his socked feet out and pushed the garment to one side as she studied his legs. More muscular than she had expected on such a slim man. A little bit of her hoped for the seven and a half. And he did seem confident.
Then her eyes drifted up to the bulge just showing under the folds of his shirt. She couldn't help the tiny gasp as she truly started to believe he would beat it. Her pussy oozed even more soaking her underwear and she doubted her ability to say no even if he was lying.
Next she hooked his underpants with a finger each side and pulled them down, still careful to avoid any skin contact.
His member bounced free and jiggled just inches from her face. For a moment she just stared. There was no doubt it was big. And beautiful. Straight, thick and with a well defined purple head that had already swelled and pushed his foreskin back. Anna felt her mouth salivate.
"Ruler."
Charlottes commanding voice brought her back to the task and she carefully laid it along the top still avoiding any touch. The cock twitched as the wood made contact and she pressed just enough to hold it straight.
"Oh my God."
Charlotte was up and glancing over. Much closer than Anna had expected her to.
"Mmm. Think you might need to think about stripping." She laughed.
"Nine." She glanced at Charlotte.
"Is that really nine?"
"Yeah. It's a nine. Maybe a little more.
You're fucked. Literally." She laughed.
Cam was as red in the face as she was when Anna stood back up making eye contact. She could feel the heat burning in her cheeks just as much as it was between her legs. Her whole body tingled and her panties were becoming uncomfortably wet as she anticipated delivering on her promise.
"Shit." She muttered. What had she done?
Anna looked back at Charlotte who just stood expectantly and she realised her friend intended staying just where she was. The thought sent another surge of excitement through her and she hoped Cam wouldn't object.
"Your turn." Cam prompted.
"Just the bottom half." She stared.
"Er. Anna. He's virtually naked so fair's fair."
Anna snapped a look of horror at Charlotte.
"You just want to see me naked."
"Yeah.
And fucked." She giggled.
Anna cursed the tingle that flashed up her spine. But she started picking at the buttons on her work blouse and slipped it off. Next went her skirt. She hesitated with only underwear to go. But then his cock twitched with a life of its own and she realised his eyes were on her damp patch.
Another glance down at his cock. It was already beginning to leak lubricant sending a slight smell of musk up to her nostrils. She remembered it had been months since anything other than a small toy had touched her and her rising desire started to make her squirm.
No backing out now. She unclipped the bra and quickly pulled the panties off wanting to get that part out of the way quickly.
She looked down to where the freckles faded away on her pale skin and small tits rose up. As he lost his shirt she sneaked a tweak of her aching hard nipples to gain a moments relief. Then a glance at an almost mesmerised Charlotte.
Not only was she about to be fucked in her mums kitchen, but her avidly lesbian friend was going to watch.
"Oh shit. Remind me never to challenge anyone ever again."
Cam smiled as he placed a hand on her shoulder and glided her up to the worktop.
"Just say if you want me to stop." He reassured her.
She wasn't sure she could.
Without objection she let the gentle pressure of his hand push her down until she lay with her face on the cold laminate. She put her hands up against the wall and closed her eyes. Now she was exposed to both Cam and Charlotte. Christ it felt good.
Her knees went weak as she pictured Cams eyes on her smooth waxed pussy from behind. A moment later a finger was drawing a line up her slit, collecting the leaking juices and sending shivers of delight up her spine. She gasped and allowed the worktop to take her full weight.
Only a while ago and Cam had been just an occasional lift home. A married man too old for a girl barely out of her teens. She'd never even fantasised about him. Sex had not been on the menu any more than being watched had been. Now his finger was probing at her tunnel, dividing her labia and stroking the wet pink flower hidden inside. She moaned as her arse pushed back a little, desperate for his nine inches.
Cam was in no hurry. His fingers went deeper eliciting a squelch as they stroked the velvety inside of her hole.
"Oh God."
She opened her eyes, seeing Charlotte still looking on. The pretty dark haired girl who liked other girls was staring at her naked as a man was about to fuck her. She could see everything. Anna's mouth fell open and a little dribble landed on the worktop linking back with a fine glistening string.
Charlotte smiled but remained quiet and still, fascinated with the scene playing out in front of her. Anna should have told her leave them long before this but her presence was just making her hornier.
Cam's cock started its journey into Anna's wet tract. First the head parting her folds. Slowly, back a little, then deeper. He repeated several time's until she felt it bottom out.
"You okay with this?" He was still willing to let her back out.
"Just fuck me." A hushed beg.
Cam started moving, out until only the head was inside then back in again.
"Fuck." She shouted as her pussy stretched.
In and out just a little faster and she started to pant. Her hands pushing at the tiled wall to firm the pressure up. Then faster still. She felt him smack into her arse and heard the slap of flesh. Smack, smack, smack.
She widened the spread of her legs, locking her knees and pushed her arse upwards. Her clit angled back onto the moving shaft. Fingers spread her cheeks as he went deeper, filling her completely with the biggest thing that had ever invaded her young pussy. It's ridges rubbed against every part of her tunnel, the head smacking into her cervix threatening to bust through into her uterus.
Anna opened her eyes again suddenly realising Charlotte had moved closer. Wide dark brown eyes looking down at her spread pussy being pummelled by a hard cock. It was exhilarating and her juices flowed even more as she imagined what the girl could see. The hard shaft dripping in her juice as it slid in and out of her tight hole. Folds of skin pushed to the side guiding it on its journey. Knowing that Charlotte probably wanted her hole for herself. Suddenly that didn't seem so impossible.
Anna squeaked at the touch. A wet finger circling her arse ring before pressuring the center. Her eyes flitted about and she realised it was Charlotte. Her heartbeat maxed out as the muscle wall was parted and her stiffened digit slid inside, violating this space for the first time. Charlotte began to finger fuck her second tunnel.
"Ahhh. God." She stuttered and her knees wobbled.
"Is it good?" Charlotte whispered.
"Yesss."
"Harder?"
"Yes."
"Deeper?"
"Fuck. Yes."
She was was reaching levels she didn't know existed, so close. She bit her lip, trying to hold the inevitable off for a few moments longer. Wanting to savour every sensation up to the point she came.
"Fucking hell."
Anna couldn't think straight as her mind was lost to an oblivion of excitement. Her breathing became more desperate as Cam relentlessly pumped into her with Charlotte matching his rhythm perfectly. She stared forward at the cream wall tiles but she didn't really see them with a brain fogged by desire. Her pussy was doing the thinking now, sucking in the nine inch cock and gripping it so tightly.
Charlotte wanted more. Her other hand slid under Anna's tit and squeezed it, trapping the little pert nipple between her fingers. Then it moved down, tickling her side before reaching under, sliding over the top of her thigh.
A finger sought out Anna's pleasure button and settled above Cam's now hammering shaft where it began a gentle massage. It tipped Anna over the edge.
She came and it brought tears to her eyes. She screame/d and thrashed like a freshly caught Salmon as Cam continued to impale her and Charlotte pushed her finger to its hilt while pressing hard on the swollen clit.
Anna came again. The worktop took her full weight as her muscles collapsed under the surge of shocks encompassing her body. She jerked and pitched while little screams and gasps burst from her lips.
Then as the waves of ecstasy began to ease they pulled out.
Anna slid to the floor like a limp doll with saline droplets tracking down her cheeks. With the last ounce of her energy she took the offered cock into her mouth, licking her own juices from its throbbing head before massaging it with just her lips. Moving her head back and forth she pushed him on towards his moment.
Charlotte was on her knees just next to them watching carefully, studying every movement with the fascination of a scientist. For her this was something new Anna considered. She'd never blown a boy, never even been with a boy. And this was surely different to what she enjoyed.
Cam came quickly, pumping his salty cream onto her tongue. First one load, then a second smaller squirt. Anna was till in a daze as he softened and withdrew. A little of his cum dribbled down her chin and she closed her mouth quickly to avoid losing the rest. She let the thick goo attack her taste buds for a moment. Slightly bitter but not unpleasant. Then she swallowed and gasped with a spreading grin.
Charlotte reached her hand out and pulled Anna's face towards her. Before she realised what was happening Charlotte licked the escaped cum from her chin and locked lips. Her tongue forced its way into her mouth and Anna almost pushed her away, but then the sensualness of her touch made her respond. Tongues wrapped around one another as Charlottes hand slid down to grasp the pliant flesh of a small tit. She cupped it, then gently massaged with her fingers. More tiny aftershocks fired through Anna.
She trembled, opening her mouth wider to let her friend clean every trace of Cam's milky excretion from her before she finally pulled away.
Anna lay back against the kitchen cupboards to catch her breath. Her eyes darted between an exhausted Cam's now shrinking cock and the cheeky smile on Charlottes face. She saw where her eyes were looking and she glanced down at her slit. It still glistened with juice.
Just an hour ago the thought of Charlotte seeing her pussy would have grossed her out. Now she gave a smile of satisfaction and let her legs open wider.
She'd sit here for a bit before dressing she decided.