Karla pulled at the borrowed tee, flapping the material to pull precious cool air onto her sweat stained skin. The hot summer air had pierced the house, squelching all energy in the town as a record heat wave rolled through. She had long since abandoned her skin tight outfit, stripping down and wearing only Ronald's discarded shirt. Her two friends lay spread across the floor, too hot to move, both of them down to their boxers. The three sat quietly in misery as the AC unit on the wall struggled to hold back the triple-digit temperature.
"This is it. This is how it ends," Ronald complained.
Daniel tilted his head, "It will cool down soon. Just a couple more hours."
Karla moaned, "'Let's hang out at my place' he said, 'it will be fun' he said. You didn't tell us that all you had was this crappy window AC."
"A crappy AC and beer," Daniel argued.
"But now the beer is gone, and all we have is the heat," Roger whined.
"There is one idea," Daniel mentioned, peaking the others interest.
-------
The three walked through Daniel's back yard to the fence, where he directed them to look through the gap. On the other side was a pool behind his neighbor's house, cool water reflecting the sparkling sunlight.
"Mr. Anderson is an angry old man," Daniel said, "but I think he's gone for the holiday weekend. We could sneak over there, but if he comes home..."
It was not even a second before Ronald nodded, "Worth it." He hurtled over the top of the fence in his boxers with awkward strength. Karla shrugged to Daniel and let him help her over the fence, Ronald's shirt falling up her bare stomach as she struggled over. Once Daniel had joined her on the other side, they noticed Ronald staring into the back window of the house.
"No one's home. We're good," he called out in a hushed tone. With that, he jumped in, splashing cool water on the other two. Daniel followed, cannon-balling in playfully. Karla splashed in last, holding the baggy shirt down as she surfaced. The relief was immediate, energy returning to their tired bodies. Ronald sunk beneath the water, surfacing hard and fast to lift Daniel like a rag doll and throw him several feet with a splash. Karla laughed, but she was quickly retaliated against, taking a huge burst of water to the face as he shoved the water at her.
The weight of the saturated shirt was dragging her down, so Karla swam to the edge for support. Ronald shook his dark haired head, spraying water around. With a grin he looked at the other two, "Fuck it." With an awkward twist, he pulled off his saturated boxers and tossed them onto the hot cement. Daniel smiled and did the same, looking at Karla. She rolled her eyes and pulled off her stringy panties, throwing the tiny wet wad next to theirs. Ronald looked at her in disappointment, eyeing his shirt still on her.
Looking around nervously, Karla pulled the shirt over her head. The soaked material clung to her skin, making it hard to get over her head. When she finally tossed it aside, her round breasts bounced in the cold water. Instinctively, she covered herself with her hands, wrapping her arms around her chest. The guys laughed at her modesty.
Karla could not help hide in the corner of the pool, terrified of discovery. Daniel swam over, pulling her huddled body against his. They had only just taken their friendship to this new place a few day ago, but his touch was already a soothing comfort. Karla let some of the tension go, embracing his firm grip with her legs. Ronald joined them, his hand pulling her arms away from her chest.
Daniel treaded into the center of the pool, his hands holding her hips. Karla let herself lean back, holding onto Daniel with her legs while her arms floated out to her sides. Ronald slid beside her, his strong hand supporting her back. As she lay across the surface of the water, Karla could feel Ronald's mouth begin to play with her firm nipple, lifting her just enough for the hard point to emerge from the water. Daniel sank between her legs, continuing to hold her up by her thighs. His head sank beneath the water, and Karla shuddered as he nibbled on her sensitive slit below the cold surface.
Karla instantly regretted making fun of Daniel joining the swim team, her legs shaking as he played with her aching cunt with held breath. Ronald tilted her head to the side, the water lapping against her cheek. Their lips met softly, melting together and opening to let their tongues dance, his strong support never wavering. They only broke for air when Daniel did the same, bursting up and shaking his short blonde hair. Karla sighed in sadness at their sudden absence.
Ronald took her hand and pulled them over to the shallow end where he could plant himself on the ground. Spinning her around, he placed her back against his chest. His hands took her by the back of the knees and pulled her legs apart widely. Karla understood his intention and reached between her spread thighs, easily finding his powerful rod waiting, despite the cold water. She let him lower her onto his hungry cock, her wet warmth swallowing it eagerly.
Karla gripped Ronald's wrists tightly, leaning against him while he slid inside. Her body twitched in pleasure as her tight cunt wrapped around him. A soft moan escaped her throat, and her toes curled in the water as he invaded her clutching insides. Daniel swam over, pumping his legs to keep his body level with the surface. Taking her head in his hands, he kissed her fervently, their tongues dancing together. Karla loved the feeling of being between the two, Ronald's strong thrusts pushing her up and down in the water, and Daniel's gentle embrace as he kissed her.
Karla's grip loosened on Ronald's wrists, settling into the flow of his motions. Daniel's hands began to wander, stroking her breasts under the surface of the water while his lips stayed locked with hers. Ronald would tilt his head beside hers, kissing and nibbling behind her ear, his pace steadily quickening. She began to moan and hiss through Daniel's lips as Ronald dropped her lower and harder onto his solid rod. With a spasm and a grunt, Ronald pressed into her, letting loose a stream of heat that overflowed into the cold water.
Heart pounding, Karla frowned as Ronald slid out slowly, his grip on her legs weakening. As soon as he left her, she felt a new pressure on her throbbing opening. Daniel wasted no time in taking hold of her from Ronald, diving in with passionate hunger. His new energy took over right where Ronald had left off, spiraling her back into a shuddering ecstasy. He continued to kiss Karla's tingling lips, pulling her soft skinned legs against him tightly. Her arms hung around his neck, taking fistfuls of his light hair while their lips fought. His hands gripped her ass, pulling her with each thrust. Her legs swayed forward and back with the rhythm, floating beside him weightless through the fervent onslaught. Drops of water rolled down her wet bangs, dripping on their hungry faces.
Daniel reached so far into Karla that she was quickly overcome, already pressed to the edge by Ronald's efforts. Her lips broke their lock, and she screamed against Daniel's mouth, feeling the warm sensation fight against the cold water on every part of her skin. Daniel mixed his orgasm with hers, grunting through grit teeth until his pulsing cock exploded into her. Despite the water, the mess spread and clung to their skin, a slick lubricant that slowly washed away.
Daniel let Karla off of him gently, the two floating together in held arms. Ronald leaned against the edge, his arms spread across the lip of the concrete. The three sat in quiet contentment until they heard a car door slam. They all jumped up like deer in the headlights.
Ronald was the first to move, rushing across the shallow end to the stairs, his naked body splashing out ungracefully. Daniel and Karla were not far behind, taking care not to slip in their rush. The two guys were the first back over the fence, Karla running a few paces behind with her arms wrapped around her breasts. The guys hung over the fence, holding out their arms for her. The three tumbled over unceremoniously just as Mr. Anderson came through his back door yelling. The only thing he saw was Karla's naked round ass tumbling over as she fell to the other side of the fence.