Just before you begin, there is no one in this story under the age of 18.
I have always liked to be naked outside.
From my earliest memories of being alone, the taillights of my parent's car would be barely out of the driveway before the last of my clothes hit the floor. Anytime we were swimming, I would be away from all of the others with my bathing suit balled up in my hands, visible only from the head up, but naked beneath the water.
After I got married and had a family, for years, my alone time was measured in seconds and minutes and my naked time virtually disappeared. As the kids got older, the minutes even disappeared; however, now as my twins, Gillian and David, are older not only minutes, but hours and days have become free but yet I had not found time or the urge to return to my naked ways, until recently.
It happened one spring night at little while ago, when everyone had unexpectantly gone to bed early. A little after 11 pm my restlessness stirred. Before giving in to it, I checked that everyone was asleep and found the sounds of steady sleeping and/or snoring filling every room.
Turning the outside light off, I slipped out the door. My eyes adjusted quickly to the moonlight and I pulled my t-shirt off; undid my bra, sighing as my boobs were freed from the constriction; checked for any headlights in the darkness; and in one motion pulled my shorts and panties off.
The cool night air felt so invigorating with just a touch of naughtiness. It reminded me of other nights when I was younger and sneaking outside to be naked when my parents were asleep.
Leaving my clothes on the trunk of the car, so I could find them in a hurry, I walked towards the road. When I was younger, I liked to walk naked along the quiet road where we lived at night and always got a thrill, so without thinking about it, that's where I headed.
We lived in the country on a secondary road so there was little traffic during the day and even less at night. With just my sandals on, I felt my nipples harden with excitement, and found I had goosebumps.
Running my fingertips lightly over my boobs my skin felt like it was tingling, I could feel the wetness start between my legs. I came to the edge of the road and looked both ways for telltale headlights. The only thing I could see were the distant lights of our neighbour's house, maybe 600 or 700 feet away but everything else seemed deserted.
I walked to the middle of the road and then walked the entire distance from the start of our property to the end, maybe 250 feet, letting my ass sway a little and never stopping playing with my boobs. I started to repeat the trip when I heard the distant sounds of a car engine.
I could have run back and hid behind one of our trees, but looking across the road I spied some trees and I quickly moved to the far side, the sandals slowing me more than I thought. I managed to duck behind the trees but I worried that I might have been spotlighted for a second.
The car slowed and my heartbeat sped up as I squatted a little lower, my dangling fingers playing with my pussy for the first time tonight. Despite the fear of discovery, I ran my index finger the length of my pussy and easily inserted one then two fingers into the warm folds of my vagina, slowly waiting for the car to pass, I was almost dizzy with how nice it felt.
A small moan escaped my mouth as the car pulled alongside of me, then it was past me resuming its journey and soon the taillights were disappearing into the night.
I stayed for a moment, with two fingers deep inside me, enjoying the dual pleasure of being outside naked and masturbating. My sense of release as I had a small orgasm was incredible and it made my breath quicken, leaving me feeling like I did on those long-ago nights.
I had no fear of being outside at night, I never had, I believed this was my natural state, for the first time in a long time, I actually felt relaxed and at ease in my environment. This one small orgasm had started to rekindle my desires to be outside naked again.
However, tonight I couldn't take the chance of being outside for too long so I stepped out of the bushes and crossed the road.
Collecting my clothes, I turned back into "mom" again'; but I could tell, something inside me turned on.
Showering the next morning and still dreamy about last night, I gave my body a critical eye. At 38, I wasn't old but I wasn't young either. The twins had left some damage, a few stretch marks, boobs not bad but not as perky as they once were, about 10 extra pounds, my ass was still pretty awesome if I do say so myself, and I had been told many times that I was pretty but I always thought of myself as average.
I could still do with a little work.
I couldn't remember the last time someone else had cut my hair, my fingernails were a distant memory, last night was the first time in years I had swayed my hips, my body could use a little TLC. I was a nice-looking mom bordering on middle age; I had settled for that look long enough, and OMG I thought nothing of going shopping wearing a ball cap and mommy jeans.
But just like those vintage cars my husband and son liked; I was like that dusty sports car someone had accidently left hiding in the barn under a tarp, just waiting to be restored.
It was time, I needed to turn my attention to shaking off the frump and the rust.
Since I only worked part time, I figured I would have time to devote to making myself over.
That morning, after the kids left for high school, I put on my track pants, my old sports bra and a t-shirt and went jogging.
Day 1 - 3 miles, walked almost all the way. Then 30 minutes of yoga, my yoga matt was so brittle it almost cracked. Any grace I may have had, was a distant memory.
Next, a phone call to my hair stylist ... out of business, it turns out for 5 years. So, I googled and found someone in town with 5 stars. I called and they had a cancellation, and I booked an appointment today at 2:30.
Into the shower next, with a razor and shaving crème. Emerging an hour later in a cloud of steam, legs shaved, two eyebrows again, pussy trimmed from the amazon rain forest to a nice trim triangle shape. And, assorted hair removed from places it had no place being in the first place.
I lingered in the bathroom and borrowed some of my daughter's nail polish and did my toe nails, just as a small thing for me.
Robe on, what to wear. Open the panty drawer, nothing but white granny panties, I pitched them all, I decided to go commando until I could find something for better suited for women who were not 80 years old. I made a mental note to go through all my clothes later and discard anything that made me feel like a shapeless blob.
I looked through the rest of my clothes and finally settled on some nice old blue jeans and a white t-shirt.
I worked on housecleaning until it was time for my appointment.
The stylist was nice and did not ask who had been doing my hair, but said, "I can fix this, don't worry," and after I had paid, I heard her say under her breath, "god I am good."
My hair was the nicest it had looked in forever, my natural highlights and blondeness seemed to reappear as if by magic. The cut could be left down or put into in a small pony tail, it was layered and I figured my kids and husband would really notice the difference. It turned out nobody did, and I was a little disappointed.
No opportunity for nudity that night, unless you count going to bed with no panties, I just wore a long tee to bed. While my husband snored, I played with myself quietly until I had a nice little climax and fell asleep with my fingers between my legs.
The next few days were pretty much the same, I had decided to skip wearing panties for two reasons; one, because at the moment I didn't have any, and two, because I started to really like the feel of not having them on. I had forgotten how nice the accidental rubbing on my soft denim pants felt on my smooth legs and pussy, it was like a random reminder that I am sexy.
At work, I had the reputation of being a quiet but reliable worker and although everyone knew me, I was kind of invisible and dressed about 15 years older than I was. This was going to change.
First went the formless slacks and I bought several pairs of nice stylish fitted pants, the clerk told me that I wouldn't have to worry about panty-lines because of the cut, not that it was a problem for me now that I wasn't wearing them anymore.
Along with the granny panties, a few days later all of my pantyhose joined them in the garbage. My blouses were next to get tossed, and they were replaced by several nice silky tank tops and a few dress shirts for women.
When I looked at my makeup, most of it was dried up and dust, so all of that went into the garbage and after a visit to the drug store I replaced all it, not that I wore much makeup, but I wore enough just to accent my features.
I started to wear a little jewelry again, nothing extravagant, but a nice feminine watch, and some nice necklaces that I picked up at a local artists coop. I was starting to feel pretty again, I know that sounds silly, but it was true.
At home, I could have been wearing a potato sack for all of the notice I got, but at work, one or two co-workers commented after about a week, on how nice it was to see me "talking care of myself again," I thanked them, thinking that I should have done this a long time ago.
By middle of the second week, I was able to jog 3 miles without walking and soon I didn't feel like having a heart attack when I finished. I hadn't missed a day of running yet, and each week I started adding a little more distance.
I had been managing to get outside for some "naked time," about twice a week. Always late at night and usually just for a walk up and down the road. Some times I would play with myself while walking, other times I would lay on a deck chair, with my legs spread wide running my fingers between my legs until I came.
One morning on a whim, I shaved off the rest of my bush, I loved how smooth it felt, when my husband finally noticed a few days later, he looked disapprovingly at me and said I looked like a child and said that he wanted me to grow it back.
I told him, "I like it, and if you don't then I'm sorry," I thought since he still hadn't noticed my new haircut, so why should he care about this one and he didn't mention it again.
At work more men and women had noticed new hairstyle (on my head), and just about everyone told me that they liked how I had changed; I was walking like a woman again too, not like I was carrying two sacks of potatoes all the time. And the running was paying off, now up to 6 miles and I was 3 pounds lighter and starting to get more toned.
One night when everyone was either doing homework or watching the game on TV, I sat upstairs alone using an incognito screen and ordered some "sex toys" for the first time in my life.
Nothing too fancy, but I ordered a small remote control panty vibrator that intrigued me, a dildo that looked so big that I was afraid I would never fit it into my small box, but it was the number 1 recommended one, and in a moment of pure naughtiness, a butt plug.
Later that night, I just had to get outside. It was after midnight, when I slipped out of bed. Wearing only my t-shirt, I quietly opened and closed the door. Hanging my tee on the end of the deck, I walked barefoot around the backyard for a while, then I walked around the house to the front yard and headed for the road.
Taking care on the gravel shoulder because of my bare feet, I stepped onto the pavement and started walking.
Lost in my own world, I almost didn't see the lights coming up behind me.
Realizing that someone was coming and there were no trees to hide behind, I almost panicked. The car was still a fair distance away and I was almost at my neighbour's house. I laid down in the grass, partially hidden by the slope of the shoulder and I lay still holding my breath.
If anyone was really paying attention, they would have been able to hear my heart pounding, or would have notice my pale ass in the long grass; but this person wasn't paying attention. The car zoomed past, not even slowing down. As I was laying on the side of the road, I raised my ass up a bit and reached between my legs and reached back with my fingers to between my folds and made my self come on the side of the road, feeling like some kind of shameless exhibitionist.
I felt so dirty, so on display, but I couldn't help it. My fingers slid in and out of my pussy, my ass was raised up into the air and I moaned as I came as loud as I dared. I licked my fingers and I smeared my juices on my face. I loved being naughty, and I loved what I was becoming.
It wasn't until I was finished several minutes later that I noticed that my neighbour's lights had switched off while I was playing with my pussy. I wondered if I had been seen, I doubted it, as close as I was, I was still about 200 feet away and they would have had to have know exactly where to look.
Temping fate, I walked until I was directly in front of their darkened house, nothing moved. Satisfied but a little disappointed I turned around and just had started to walk home. The thought that someone might have been secretly watching me during my little adventures only made me more excited.
Another naughty thought came to mind. I stood in the middle of the road and tried to relax. My hands were shaking and I willed myself to settle down. I hadn't done this in so long, but my body remembered.
I felt my bladder relax and a small trickle of pee escaped and started to make a puddle in the middle of the road. I spread my legs a little wider and watched the spray collect in the puddle. This was so bad, but I was so turned on, and I forced myself to wait until I was finished.
I walked back towards our house. Feeling naughty and sexy at the same time, nothing could have wiped the smile off my face. My tee was where I left it, I put it back on and I went back in the house and locked the door.
I was just locking the door, when I was surprised by a voice, "why are you up and what were you doing outside?"
Very relieved that I had put the tee back on, it would have been much more awkward to have been naked, as it was my shirt barely covered my pussy and my ass, as long as I didn't bend over.
David, my eighteen-year old son, looked at me a little funny as he asked that, seeming to realize for the very first time that I wasn't the same frumpy old mom. My hair was a little messy, my face was flushed from my excitement, and I hoped my nipples weren't poking out too far in my tee.
All of these thoughts raced through my mind, and then I said as calmly as I could, "I couldn't sleep and was just went out to look at the stars."
He seemed to accept that and said, "Okay, good night mom, you look different, did you do something to your hair?"
"A little," I replied, smiling that someone finally noticed and careful not to flash him, I went to bed.
I fell asleep thinking about my little adventure, a smile on my face, and fingers on my pussy.
The next morning, I threw on some shorts and had on the same tee that I slept in. Quickly put my hair in a pony, I got the household going.
My daughter was the first to appear and she smiled when she saw what I had made for breakfast.
"Mom, I was going to tell you, that I really like what you have been doing."
"What do you mean, sweetie?" I asked as if I hadn't noticed I was doing anything other than what I always did.
"You don't look like you anymore, you're exercising, taking care of yourself, if you keep doing what you're doing you will be a MILF before long," she smiled as she talked.
"What's a MILF?" I said, never having heard the term before.
"Mother I'd like to fuck," I was a little shocked but never got a chance to say anything.
"It's true mom, some of my friends have seen you out running, in your shorts and with your pony tail waving in the wind, lots of the guys I know and some of the girls too."
"Some of the girls?" I asked questioningly.
"Especially some of the girls, it's okay mom, lots of my friends are bi or they experiment and you are getting pretty hot looking."
My son and husband came into the room and we didn't have a chance to continue the conversation.
If my husband noticed any changes, he didn't comment on them, totally absorbed in his own world, ignoring his breakfast he rushed out the door and just said he was late and would see us tonight.
My daughter shook her head and muttered something under her breath.
Then she said to her brother, "Don't you think mom looks hot?"
He just about choked on his breakfast.
"Don't think I haven't noticed you checking out mom's butt when she is just wearing a t-shirt in the morning. It's okay, I have too."
"I have not, that's gross, sorry mom, not your butt, but me checking out my mother."
He was blushing and obviously embarrassed, but was that a bit of a bulge in his pants? I forced myself not to think about that.
Gillian continued, "I don't, I think its great that you are looking after yourself after kind of letting yourself go, I think you are very sexy."
"Thanks sweetie, I have to go for my run now, you two can take the car to school today if you want."
I left the room, a feeling a little confused about how my body was reacting, on one hand it was nice that people were noticing, but, I was concerned that I had gotten a little wet when my daughter said that she had checked me out and so had my son, indirectly too. A mom isn't supposed to feel that way.
It was nice though that her friends, especially the girls, thought I was sexy.
I put on my sports bra and some sunscreen and was getting ready to go when the kids left for school. My son just gave me his normal forced hug but my daughter hugged me and actually kissed me on the lips.
It was a nice kiss, a fraction of a second longer than maybe it should have been and it left me speechless.
"Have a good day mom," she said and she patted my ass very subtly, I don't think my son noticed, but I did and she made me even wetter.
Feeling a mixture of emotions, I don't even remember starting my run after that, I was lost in my confused thoughts, it wasn't until I was running past my neighbour's house and I heard some yelling, that I realized where I was.
"Lisa, Lisa," I realized that my neighbour Jen, was standing on her front porch calling me.
I stopped and walked up to her, the sweat just starting to get my tee soaked.
"Lisa, I have been noticing you running, I think that is great, I'm off work today, do you want to stop for a coffee on your way back?"
Jen was about my age and her and her husband had lived here as long as us. Their two daughters played with our twins since they were little kids, and we got together every once in a while.
"Sure, I'll be about an hour before I get back and changed."
"Just come in when you are finished, I don't mind you being sweaty," she laughed.
"Okay, see you in a little while," I waved and started running again.
Today, my old sport bra, just wasn't comfortable and despite shifting it around several times, it seemed to insist on making my two boobs into one. I put up with it until I had turned onto the trail that was now part of my longer run. About 100 feet from the road, I stopped and whipped my top off and then removed my bra.
"Useless piece of crap," I muttered as a I enjoyed the warm sun on my breasts. The sound of an approaching ATV forced me to put my tee back on. The ATV passed and I waved at the driver. I took the bra and tied it to a fence post.
"That might make someone wonder," I laughed and started running again.
My run usually takes about 45 minutes and today was no different, but sweaty or not, I promised Jen that I would stop for coffee.
As I waited at the door for her, I suddenly became aware that my nipples were almost embarrassingly poking through my shirt.
Jen opened the door and said "Lisa you look absolutely amazing, I can't believe the change since the last time I saw you."
Jen looked like a "mom", perhaps a little more stylish than I had been a month ago, but a mom nonetheless. I thanked her and apologized for being so sweaty but she hugged me anyway and had coffee ready.
We sat and caught up on what the kids were doing and her job and the normal chit chatty stuff people talk about.
She said that her daughter, Rachel had told her, "you should see Lisa, she looks amazing, I can't believe the difference," and "she was right, its like something got turned back on in you, you look younger and so much sexier."
Despite everything I had been up to, I still blushed at little.
She kept talking about how Rachel thought I looked so much better and I couldn't help but wonder if Rachel was one of the girls who thought I was a MILF.
"Thank you, I just decided it was time for a change."
She asked me what I had done and I told her everything, except the parts about being naked and being kissed by my daughter.
She laughed about the panties and said she could tell by the way my nipples were poking through my t-shirt that I wasn't wearing a bra.
"That's just as of today," I said, a little self-consciously I tried to cover them up.
"Don't bother, I actually like that, it makes you look hotter," she said, almost blushing now herself.
"How has your husband responded, I bet that you have to fight him off with a stick," she laughed.
"Actually, he hasn't noticed much, and remember what I told you about shaving my pussy," I said a little longingly.
"Well, it's a good thing Brad (her husband) isn't here, he is always after me to shave mine and now that you are looking more and more sexy, it wouldn't surprise me that you would need a stick to keep him away. We'll have you and your family over for a pool party, and I'll tell him just before you show up, it will make him crazy."
I didn't know how to respond to that, but I did notice that her eyes kept being drawn to my nipples.
Her overt staring was starting to make me a little wet. Since she was trying to check me out, I thought I would have a little fun, and without being obvious, I shifted my position as she was talking about her job and opened my legs up a little.
From where she was sitting, she had a nice view of my crotch, and because my shorts were a little loose, she might even be able to see a little skin.
As she talked, I noticed that her gaze moved several times to look between my legs and she seemed to lose her train of thought, actually repeating the same sentence twice.
I turned the conversation back to having our families together for a pool party, "I would love to come over for a swim, I will need to get a new bathing suit, though, all of mine are falling apart."
Without batting an eye, she said, "Don't be silly, I could lend you one, I have lots of them, you're a little smaller than me, but I have so many."
Then she added, "would you like to go for a swim now?"
"I'm all sweaty and I have a ton of chores to do when I get home, I should really be going," I replied, a little surprised at her response.
"Come on Lisa, it will cool you down after your run, your chores can wait a little longer."
Without waiting for me to respond, she reached over and grabbed my hand and pulled me up. "Let's find you a suit."
She took me into their spare bedroom and started looking through the closet, "let's see about finding one that will fit."
After a few minutes, she tossed me a red bikini set, "there that should look nice on you, I bought it a long time ago, but I was too big for it," she laughed, "but you should be perfect in it."
"You can get changed in here, I am going to get changed in my room," and she breezed past me.
She had left the door open which I thought was funny, but I pulled off my sweaty top which was a little hard because the wetness made it stick to me, and then my shorts and socks came off.
I realized that I was going to need to work on getting rid of my farmers tan, maybe I should start sunbathing in the nude, a thought that made me a little excited.
Looking at myself in the mirror, I noticed that even after a short time of running, it was having an effect, my body was much tighter and my tummy was nice and flat, I probably had lost almost the whole 10 pounds I had wanted to lose since I started.
My boobs had only a little sag and as 34B's they were just right for me. My shaved pussy was nice and smooth and despite the open door, I ran my fingers along my lips and made me wish I could get myself off right now, but Jen could come back any second.
"Hmmm, that might be fun," I thought.
I started with the bottoms and quickly realized this was a very small bikini.
I did up the ties and adjusted the thin little triangle of cloth, it was a good thing I shaved myself because the thin material barely covered the start of my pussy on the bottom and just covered the top of my pussy. My hardening clit actually could be seen just slightly poking into the very thin fabric.
The back of the bikini cut deliciously up my ass, barely more than just a string. The tension when I moved sent little shockwaves through my ass and my pussy.
The top was equally small, the fabric covered my areola on each boob, but just. I had barely finished with the ties when Jen reappeared and said, "girl you look hot!"
"So, do you Jen," she had on a nice one piece that was much more conservative but accented her nicely.
She added, "Brad is going to wish he was here, do you might if I take your picture?"
I started to object, when I realized, the thought of her taking my picture wearing so little was actually turning me on.
"Ok, but just one, where do you want me?" I said looking like I was giving in just to be a good guest.
"How about laying on the bed on your tummy," the way she said it, made me wonder if maybe she had been thinking about this all along.
I laid on the bed and propped my head up with my arms and had my legs flat but bent at the knees so my feet almost touched my ass.
"Perfect," she snapped what seemed more like six pictures than one or two.
"Could I just get one for Rachel? How about kneeling on the bed with your legs spread wide and with your arms over your head.
I got into position and she said, "arch your back a little more and tilt your head back."
"That's perfect, you are so sexy," I noticed her nipples becoming erect in her bathing suit.
She sounded very excited and she must have taken a dozen pictures again, instead of the one or two. I have to admit I was getting a little turned on by all of the attention.
Jen, helped me up and kept holding my hand as she led me to the pool. She dived in first and I followed a moment later.
"Jen, I need your help," I said seconds after surfacing.
"What's wrong, did you hit your head?" showing real concern.
"No, I'm fine, but I need your help finding my top, it must have come off when I dived in."
Jen found it and before I could take it from her, she said, "Hold still, let me put it on you." She reached around me and seemingly under the guise of helping me, she felt my boobs and her touch was amazing.
Positioning the material over my achingly hard nipples, she managed to pinch and pull each of them before retying me.
My legs were wobbly because of her touch, but she let on that nothing out of the ordinary happened.
We swam for maybe 30 minutes and she did not try anything else, leaving me to wonder if I was imagining things.
When I said that I would go change, she smiled and said, "keep it on, you look awesome in it, if I were you, I would wear it home and then take it off and do some nude sunbathing."
She walked me to the door and thanked me for coming, we hugged for a moment and she slapped my ass and said, "God, girl, you do look awesome, and I would love to have you to pose for some more pictures sometime," and then paused before continuing, "maybe even without the bathing suit."
I smiled and said, "I would love to do that for you." And kissed her on the lips.
If she was surprised, she didn't show it and she felt me up through the bikini bottoms and said, "Count on it, until next time," and she kissed me, this time longer and with her tongue running over my lips and into my mouth.
Smiling, she said, "That was so nice, I'll see you soon."
And with that I started to walk home, carrying my shorts, shoes, and t-shirt.
The road was deserted and I was about half the way home, when I noticed our car was in the driveway.
My thoughts were switched from thoughts of posing naked to concern for my kids.
I rushed home and opened the door to find my daughter sitting at the table eating lunch.
"What's going on sweetie, I thought something was wrong?"
"I decided to come home for lunch with you, but when I got here you were still out, where were you?"
I had kind of lost track of time and I said I had gone running and stopped at Rachel's house and went for a swim with her mom.
"That's a pretty nice little bikini you don't have on mommy," she smiled and stood up in front of me.
"it was just an old one Jen said didn't fit anymore," I said feeling surprisingly self conscious.
"Well I think it fits you in all of the right spots, Mommy," she said with a voice much older sounding than she was.
"I have to get back to school, but come here for a moment, mommy." And she pulled me closer and kissed me again on the lips.
She held me close and her hands rested on my ass.
"You've done this before," I asked knowing the answer.
"Lots of times with my girlfriends, never with someone as sexy as you mommy," her words were lost in the depths of our kiss.
I felt her little hand slipping into my bottoms, and I inhaled as her fingers penetrated my already wet pussy.
"OMG, that feels so nice sweetie," I managed to whisper
"You have such a nice cunt, mommy," I was surprised by her easy use of that term.
"I want to suck on your little pussy, I want to play with your ass and rim you, you are my MILF, mommy."
It was only in the last day I noticed that she had started calling me "Mommy" when we were along, I have to admit, hearing her say that and kissing or touching me, was making me very turned on.
She kissed me again and then slapped my ass, she noticed my nipples poking out from behind my top, "You like to be spanked, sweet, just like me mommy," she whispered in my ear.
"I have to go back to school, but one of these days, we will go out together for one of your midnight walks and we can have some fun."
I looked surprised, "You know about those?"
"Of course, I heard you go out one night and I have watched you every other time, it's so hot mommy, especially that time you peed on the road, I rubbed myself so hard it was hard to run to beat you home."
"Does anyone else know?"
"Just David, if you wore panties, I would bet that he would want to have some to masturbate into."
"Got to go mommy, see you later," and she kissed me again with her tongue just about all the way down my throat and she felt my pussy and then she was gone.
It was only just 1 pm and I had been kissed passionately for the first time by two women, one of them my daughter. Both my kids knew I was secretly being naked at night, what a day.
Suddenly the door knocked and the UPS driver was there, I opened the door without thinking and he stared at me openly.
"Have a good day ma'am, you just made my day," he said as I signed for the packaged and he left.
It wasn't until I signed for the parcel, that I noticed that when my daughter had felt me up, she had pulled my bottom aside and my wet pussy was on display.
Opening the box, I tried to imagine how this day could get any better ...
... inside the box, were my new toys.
To be continued.