Content Warning (Please read before scrolling!):
If you didn't read the previous content warnings, you might wanna go back and read them. But,fair warning,this chapter picks up right where the last disgusting chapter ended, meaning more rot and maggots await poor Alicia in this chapter when she awakens from where she blacked out and collapsed.You should NOT continue readingif the idea of having rot and maggots in intimate places makes you uncomfortable.Final warning:If disturbing/gross reads make you squeamish, please--for your own good--do not read this chapter!
Per usual, check my bio and the comments below for chapter updates!
Enjoy the read!




Chapter 6:
Fever From Fester

Tuesday?
As my eyes open, my head feels like it's floating and spinning by itself in zero gravity. It takes a moment to realize that I'm lying down on my side in the middle of a lavish hallway that I recognize.
It's a hallway in my apartment building.
Groaning, I sit up while wiping the sweat from my burning hot forehead down toward my chin with a sweeping pass. As my palm slides over my nose, I gag violently from the putrid stench radiating off my hand. With my face all scrunched up, I look around, trying to figure out why the hell I'm passed out in the hall.
I don't feel drunk... I feel... tranquilized... Loopy... Delirious...
That's when I look back and realize that the lower half of my legs are still in the apartment with the door pinning them against the frame.
What happened? My body feels like it's on fire even though I'm drenched in water. No... Not water... Sweat... Fever.I touch the back of my hand to my neck and it feels warmer than a hot water bladder--hotter than skin should feel.I have a fever. A bad one.
Inside my vagina feels sort of full. Hot. Burning. Itchy. It's itching but there's also something tickling me from deep within. The tickling isn't justinmy cooch, it's moving across the outside of it. Down my legs too. Up my belly. Across my ass.
After pulling my legs from where they're sandwiched between the apartment door and its frame, I roll onto my ass, sit up, and scoot back against the wall to prop myself up. Even though I'm in the middle of the hallway outside my apartment, I lift my skirt only to find that I don't have any panties on. There are also blotches of red flesh that stretch down my inner thighs from near my crotch to my knees. A rash. That's when my blurry vision clears and I see them.
Beige bugs. Legless ones. Larvae.Maggots. A dozen or so. Crawling all over my legs and belly, but mostly congregated between my thighs.
This stench is coming from between my legs. That's why the maggots are there. It smells just like my hand did... Does...
As I sit there all loopy, watching the maggots scurry across my flesh in confusion, the same tickling I feel across my legs and vulva spreads inside of me, caressing my vaginal walls, making my passage flutter spastically.
"Maggots... inside of me..." I mutter, my head bobbling as I fight against the intensifying drowsiness to reach between my legs. With no regard for sitting in the middle of the hallway, I plunge my fingers into me, gliding along sliminess that's too thick to be my normal wetness.
There's a noise down the hall, followed by a bassy sound. Something like a voice but not really. I don't pay it any mind. I just push my fingers deeper into me.Gotta get them out of me...
"Yoo... Are you okay?" a man's bassy voice echoes from some far-off place.
When I look up, I don't see anyone, so I figure the fever's making me hallucinate. There's another noise down the hall, but I'm too focused on whatever the squishy, slimy mass is in my cavity that my fingers just pressed into.
My eyelids become lead curtains. Consciousness feels like it's slipping from me as I scoop something chunky and soft out of my tight passage.
"Whaa..." I groan, my upper half swaying as I glance down at what appears to be a mass of maggots squirming in and on gray ground beef covered in cheese. Rotten meat. "Ew..."
What did I just finger out of me?
"What the fuck!" a guy shouts from somewhere nearby. For some reason, his voice sounds like I'm listening to it from underwater. "Are those... maggots? And is that... Is that fucking meat?"
I bring the palmful of filth to my face. "Hamburger meat?" I whisper to myself.
I have a fever because I have a vaginal infection...
My eyelids flutter as consciousness starts slipping away again. My body slumps to the right a bit before I catch myself.
I have an infection and a fever because there's been a burger festering up there since...
I recall the burger from Asada's--the one I couldn't eat. The one I attempted to smuggle across the border the way I smuggle drugs. The one I stuffed inside of me after it was outside with flies on it for hours.
It's been festering in me for well over... two days...
That's when I remember why my fingers smelled so foul.
I fingered this stuff out of me before I blacked out... Before I realized that I might have...
"Toxic shock," I mutter so softly I can't even hear it. My eyes slowly wander from the maggot-writhing glob in my hand to the man standing over me holding his phone out. The scene before me is blurry, but there appears to be another man behind him who's also holding his phone up. Unless I'm seeing double. "Help..." I mutter weakly, my head drooping down as I look back between my legs. "Call... 9-1-1..." As though I've forgotten that there is one or possibly two random guys standing over me, I shove two fingers right back into my burning hot, rot-filled flesh pocket. "Get it out of me," I whisper through a shaky breath, pushing my digits as deep as they'll go before raking out an even bigger mass of meat, cheese, maggots, and mushrooms--a wad of decaying gunk glazed in yellowish-brown sludge.
"UGH!" manly voices groan in disgust from my right.
"OHHH! What the fuck!" a guy with a not-so-deep voice says.
I pay them no mind because seeing that much filth come out of me makes me panic.
My body trembles.
I hyperventilate as I palm the wall and try scrambling to my feet.
The moment I rise, the world before me swirls and distorts.
My legs buckle as though my bones suddenly turned to rubber poles, then I feel myself falling to the right in slow motion.
As I collapse, all I see is the blurry image of a man rushing over to grab me.
My head slams into the wall with a loud yet muffled thud.
Everything goes black.
A preview of what lies ahead:
(CAUTION: What lies ahead may be sexy for some and disturbing for others)
Chapter 7: Tijuana Burger Girl: The most viral meme of all -- While Alicia fighting for her life in the hospital, the video of what she did in that apartment hallway is uploaded to several porn sites and goes viral