Jen and I love making bets. On anything and everything.
When we will get home considering for traffic to nude scrabble on a random Friday night. It keeps life interesting as there are virtually no limits to what the winner can ask for.
We've both had to complete public nudity dares.
Texting a friend, a revealing picture then apologizing as if it were meant for one of us.
I love to think about their reaction when they open the texts. We're both voyeurs and exhibitionists so the games are very exciting.
My buddy Dan still talks about the time Jen sent him a picture of her boobs. She has the most beautiful tits. They're creamy white with the pinkest nipples.
Dan still talks about the size of her areolas.
One of my favorite games is trying to get them all in my mouth.
Jen has a friend Leslie who has been single for a couple years now. She's had a hard time bouncing back from her divorce.
Leslie has aged extremely well. She has a sexy figure, dark red hair and deep intense eyes. I can understand why some guys would be intimidated by her. There have been times when I've caught her staring at me, and I was pretty sure I had done something to piss her off. Then she would smile, and I'd get lost in her beautiful face.
Leslie will pack a bag and come spend the weekend with us to get away. The weekend normally consists of amazing meals, a lot of wine and board games.
All of this leads me into what happened last weekend.
It was Saturday afternoon, and I was downstairs watching the hockey game while the ladies devoured more wine and started dinner. It was the end of the second period and the Canucks were down 2 goals to the Hawks. Frustrated, I headed upstairs for another whiskey.
"Why am I just hearing about your bets, mister?" Les asked me with a cheeky smile.
I looked at Jen with grin. She just shrugged and said, "Girls will be girls. We talk about everything. What do you want me to say?"
Les chimed in again, "How have I never received and accidental text?"
"Its just something that happens spur of the moment, without a whole lot of thought. Besides, I wouldn't want to offend you with some random hard dick pic" I responded.
"Honey it's been a long time since I've even seen a real man's penis. The guys I watch on the internet don't seem real; too disconnected."
I could feel my dick starting to pulse and stiffen up thinking about Jen's beautiful friend watching porn with her hand down the inside of her panties.
I stepped back and adjusted my jeans. Jen laughed.
"What's so funny?" Les asked.
"He's getting hard thinking about you watching porn." Jen replied.
Now I was feeling cornered between these two half drunk women. Jen was right of course but now that was out there.
"Really? Is that all it takes these days?"
"Men... you're so easy" Les said with a giggle.
The hockey game must be back on by now, so I poured myself three fingers and evacuated to the basement.
Ten minutes into the period and Vancouver scored a short-handed goal to get within one.
Moments later I heard the ladies coming down the stairs.
"We're bringing the party to you, big boy!" I heard Les say.
Jen dropped down in my lap like she normally does. I love resting my head on her tits while she plays with my ear.
They were more tipsy than normal. Les bumped into the wall and the chair before finding a spot in the couch next to us. She put and unopened bottle on the coffee table and was holding tightly to her very full glass.
"I'm not really a hockey fan. Who's the better team?" Lesley slurred a bit.
"Will's a Canucks fan but I think the Hawks are a stronger team." Jen informed her.
"We can still win this one. The third period is always our strongest." I chirped.
"What's the bet?" Leslie quickly chimed in.
"Careful babe. We don't have any limitations when we play this game!" Jen warned.
"What's the bet?" Les repeated, staring directly into my eyes.
Just then there was a turnover at center ice and Peterson went in on a break-away and tied the game for my team.
"Do you seriously want to do this?" I asked.
"Chicken?" she replied with a cheeky smile.
I could feel my heart start to race imagining where this evening could end up going. Two beautiful women, a lot of liquid courage and a bet on the line.
Fortunately, Jen's cool. We have a loose relationship. We love each other whole heartedly but if the opportunity arises, we have been known to play occasionally.
"When the Hawks win, I want one of the amazing body rubs Jen tells me about. She says you have ridiculously strong hands. I could use the release." Les stated.
"And if I win?" leaving it to her.
"A blow job and the wife can watch!"
I choked on my whiskey and spit some on Jen's tits.
"Listen Hun, if he wins, you're going to have to pay up." Jen reminded her.
"I'm good with it if you are. It's been so long my mouths watering thinking about it."
I could hardly concentrate on the game. If I lose, I get to rub down a beautiful woman while my wife watches and if I win... heaven.
The play was up and down the ice both teams playing safe defence. Dump the puck in and then right back out. Minutes seemed like hours.
Twenty seconds left in the game and Chicago iced the puck. Setting up for one final face off and a great opportunity for me to win the bet.
The teams line up, the puck gets dropped and it gets shoveled towards the net. Both teams crash the net, pushing and punching to find the puck. My heart was racing, and the ladies were sitting up on the edge of the couch. I couldn't believe it when I saw the referees arm go up, signaling a goal with three seconds left.
Jen through her arms in the aim and screamed "YES!!!"
Les sat back and pounded the rest of her wine.
"Pucker up baby girl, this is going to be a night to remember!" Jen said as she laughed and grabbed Leslie's boob.
It was surreal. I was still in shock that I actually won.
"Let's go up stairs and have something to eat before the show starts." Jen energetically yelled.
We were in the kitchen pouring drinks when Les said, "I can't believe I made that bet. I really can't believe I lost. I was seriously looking forward to that back rub."
"I'll tell you what," Jen replied. "You pay off the bet then Will can still give you what you want if he chooses."
I couldn't believe they were negotiating with me.
"I have to be honest. I'm nervous about giving Will a BJ with you watching."
"I think you should pull it out and show her what she will be playing with my Love." Jen proposed.
"Seriously?"
"Absolutely!"
I saw Les shift her body to get a better view.
I undid my jeans and pulled them down to my knees. I had a throbbing erection from the moment I realized I won. My boxers were straining to hold my dick back. Jen always told me how beautiful my dick was. She said five six inches is perfect and I'm nice and thick, so I give her a good stretch.
"Enough stalling. Let it free." She commanded.
I pulled my shorts up and over my erection and let it bounce forward as I pulled my shorts down to my jeans.
Les could not stop staring. "You're right, that is one of the most beautiful dicks I've ever seen. Definitely the thickest."
"Good lord girl, no wonder you're always smiling!"
"Told you so! Just think very soon you'll have it in your mouth!"
I seriously have the most amazing wife, I couldn't stop thinking.
"I don't know if I can do this." Les said.
"A bet's a bet. I warned you" Jen reminded her.
"I know but I love you both so much and I don't want a drunken bet to affect us. Is there anything else I could do? I'll send Will some pics to enjoy. Pussy, tits, ass... anything!"
Jen, being the vixen that she is, had an idea.
"It's not fair to get him all primed for a blow job to pull out now. What if I give him the BJ and you kneel right beside me? I know he fantasizes about situations like this."
"Absolutely" Les jumped at the offer.
I pulled my jeans up and poured another whiskey while they bartered.
"I think its only fair if Les gets completely naked for the show." I chimed in.
"What?" replied Les."
"That's a great idea, babe!"
"And you need to strip down in front of him to get him good and hard for me!"
"You really want me to do that?"
"We could go back to the original bet and I'm a swallower, so you'd have to take it all the way babe."
"Deal! I'll get naked for the bet."
I was in heaven. I had a great whiskey buzz going and the night was just getting good.
"Let's head into the living room so you can get comfortable, love." Jen ordered.
I watched as Jen refilled their wine glasses and the ladies followed me to the couch.
"Should I get undressed?" I asked.
"Your show, love. It's up to you."
I pulled my shirt over my head and tossed it on the chair with my jeans and shorts.
I sat down and leaned back giving my boner room to swing.
"Ya baby." Was all Jen could spit out.
Jen pulled her shirt off and shook her tits at me. Leslie slowly undid the buttons on her blouse and slipped it off. I had no idea how nice a figure she really had. Soft in the right places and rounded at the hips.
Jen reached behind her back, undoing her bra and letting it fall forward into her hands. I've seen her tits a thousand times and my heart races every time.
"Alright girl, off with it." Jen instructed Les.
With a deep breath Les undid her bra and let it slide down her arms exposing her milky white breasts to me. She has little penny size nipples that are as dark as copper. I was afraid I was going to cum right there.
"I must say, you have some seriously nice tits, Les." I commented.
"Thanks, Will. It's been a while since anyone has seen them, let alone touch them."
"All right, enough stalling. Let's get naked so I can suck my husband's dick for you!"
Jen undid her jeans and shimmied out of them, leaving her in nothing but a very thin black thong. She turned around and put her thumbs in the straps and bent over as she slid them down and off. She stayed bent over and wiggled her ass so I could get a good look at her pussy lips and the pink little hole between her cheeks.
"That's how you do it, lady. Your turn."
Les took a deep breath and walked over in front of me. She turned around and started to pull off her yoga pants.
"Pants first, then panties." Jen instructed.
"No panties..." Les replied.
"You little hussy!" Jen joked.
"How about Will helps you out?" Les asked.
I think this was starting to turn Leslie on as much as it was me.
"Deal." I said before Jen could jump in.
"Turn back around and put your hands on your head." I instructed.
Les turned around and put her hands behind her head. I sat up and her nipples were inches away from my face. I stuck my fingers inside the waist band of her pants and started to pull them off. I could feel the warmth of her skin as my fingers caressed her hips.
Jen had come around and sat beside me. I assumed so she could to enjoy the show close up. My beautiful wife had better plans. She had put some lube on her hand and started giving me a hand job while I was undressing her friend. I could feel her had sliding up and down on my dick and it was driving me crazy.
I pulled Leslie's pants down, exposing her pussy. She had the thinnest strip of dark red hair as a landing strip. I could barely breathe. I have never been so close to a red head's pussy before. Her lips were the palest pink I ever seen. There was a shine to them as this whole affair already had her really wet.
"What do I do now?" Les asked.
"I think you should sit down beside me with your back on those pillows so I can enjoy the view while my wife takes care of me." I told her.
"Fuck yes!" Jen agreed.
Leslie sat on the end of the couch and put one leg up on the back of the couch and the other draped across my leg. Time stood still as I was staring straight at Leslie's pink wet pussy.
I felt Jen take my dick in her mouth. She knows I love it when she drags her bottom teeth on the underside of my shaft. She had a soft hold of my balls, giving them a playful squeeze every time she slid on and off my dick with her mouth. I had my hand on the back of her head and was watching my amazing wife do what she loves to do.
She often looks up me as she gives me blow jobs. This time she told me to pay attention to Les and just enjoy how she makes me feel!
"You can touch yourself, babe. I know you want to and it will drive him crazy!"
Les moved her hand from her breast to the top of her pussy. Her head fell back as she did. She made slow circular passed over her clit, arching her back.
I could barley believe this was happening to me, to us.
Jen stroking my dick and began sucking on the head. That's her finishing move. I won't last long now.
I glanced back at Leslie. She had slipped two of her fingers inside herself. I could smell her sex and see the wetness all over the inside of her thigh and hand.
She opened her eyes and stared at me again. I pointed to her hand then to my mouth. At this point I figured anything was possible.
She slid them in a couple more times before offering up her glistening fingers for me to taste. I leaned over and put both fingers in my mouth. It was a mix of sweet, salty creamy juice that her pussy produced.
Jen had my balls in her mouth now and was stretching my sack and letting them slip between her lips.
Jen looked over at Leslie, all sexed up and needing a long overdue release.
"I want to change the deal," Jen whispered to us. It has gone much further than just a bet, and we all need a release now. "I suggest take care of each other and have a little fun."
"God, yes. I need to cum so badly and not by my own hand, for a change. "replied Les.
"Ride or suck?" Jen asked.
"I haven't had a hard dick inside me in a very long time." Les whispered.
"Have fun."
"How do you like it?" I asked her.
"From behind low to the ground."
Les turned around and stuck her ass and pussy nice and high for me. I reached forward and grabbed the edge of the couch and Jen grabbed my dick and guided it into Leslie's wet pussy.
"Oh my god, oh my god." Was all we could here from Les as she buried her face in the couch pillow.
I started slow and found a good pace. Pushing every inch of myself deep inside her with every thrust.
"Stop playing with me, Will. Fuck me hard and fast I need to cum!"
I grabbed her hips and just started leaning into her. Pushing with all my might with every thrust. Jen had her hands on Leslie's ass feeling the rhythm of our sex. I took my middle finger and rubbed her pink hole between her ass cheeks.
Leslie lifted her head and screamed, "Please! Don't stop!"
I teased the hole a little more and Les moaned, "That's it! I'm Cumming."
She ground her hips back against mine for at least a minute savouring, this long overdue orgasm.
"My turn," said Jen.
She pushed me onto my back and quickly climbed on top. She loves to sit up and rub her clit against my pubic bone.
Jen said something to Les I couldn't quite hear but honestly, I didn't really care at this moment. Les crawled up beside me and straddled my face, putting her very wet, swollen pussy in my mouth. I tasted her sweet juices as they ran down my face.
Jen was starting to ride me harder so I knew it wouldn't be long. She was really worked up and it was only a minute before she collapsed forward pushing Leslie off.
"I can't believe it! Will hasn't even cum yet?" Les questioned.
Jen looked at her with a sex drenched smile and said, "Superpower... remember?"
Turning to me, she asked, "What do you want to finish, my love?"
"I want you to straddle my face while Les gives me a blow job, as originally bet."
"Deal" they both chimed in. They would agree to anything at this point.
This time Jen threw her leg over my face, placing her amazing pussy lips in my mouth.
"Gentle... I'm super sensitive still."
I could feel Leslie start sucking my dick. She was fantastic at it! I could feel her hand playing with my balls as she had my shaft all the way in her mouth. Meanwhile, Jen started rocking back and forth, fucking my mouth. I love when she does that!
I could feel the energy boiling in my balls. I was really close.
"Careful, Les. I'm really close." I warned, giving her the option to let go so not to swallow.
"A deal is a deal! I'll take it all!"
That was all I needed. She ran her hand up and down my shaft a couple more times and I exploded. I felt wave after wave of cum pouring out of me and down her throat. I collapsed, limp, after the last wave and could feel Les softly licking to clean up the overflow.
Jen climbed off and sat on the couch beside me. To my pleasure, Les sat down on my other side. Both ladies lay their heads on my chest while we all recovered. Les gently toyed with my limp dick, repeating over and over, "Lucky girl. Lucky girl."
Jen mentioned that we could work out an arrangement for any weekends Leslie sleeps over. After all, it's not very healthy to go for extended periods without a good orgasm.
We all crawled into our bed for a snuggle and some much-deserved sleep. The last thing I remember hearing was Les asking Jen, "Does his cum always taste like blueberry?"