If you're reading this, you know who I am: theinfant terriblethat has taken VoyeurWorld by storm. Forgive me, Comrades, for I have sinned again; it has been six months since my last confession, but I have not been idle. My last adventure, exhilarating though it may have been, taught me many things: the joy of the hunt and a job well done, and painful memories of failure that still burn me inside. I learned that voyeurism is power, and I learned that power can be easily lost by the careless. I would nowhere be careless again.
But how would I achieve this total control? What new game would I forge, one that I could not lose? What did I hope to get out of it? Who did I want to watch? And as always, the original question: what kind of voyeur am I?
I played a thousand scenarios over in my head, searching for the right one. Whether I found it or not, I leave up to you -- my Comrades, my confidantes -- to decide. As is my wont, here is the accompanying backstory. I hope it will be as pleasing as the videos themselves.
---
"Good morning!" smiled Emily as she greeted the boy entering the office. "Have a seat, we'll call you in, in a sec." She halfheartedly fixed her hair from behind the desk as she grinned at him matronly.
Trevor politely smiled, adjusted himself, and had a seat. "Oh," she blurted out, "Would you mind taking this form? Just one more thing to fill out." He nervously smiled some more, arose, and took the clipboard and pen, reading it carefully, and then signing it. He sat back down and took out his phone out of habit, constantly looking at everything but: at Emily, at the empty chairs, and behind him, where there was nothing to see. His leg bounced.
I watched from behind my monitors. Two cameras captured him -- one from the front and one from the side, both hidden by two-way mirrors. Below medium height, thin wrists. His dirty brown hair was a week past haircut day, and under it, a smattering of adolescent acne on the bridge of his nose; he wore a free t-shirt from a campus event, and beige pants cinched too tightly by a cheap black belt. I found myself liking him in that way some girls like their friends' younger brothers, despite that fact that he was eighteen and exactly my age.
After twelve minutes had passed, I spoke into the microphone, telling the Good Doctor to have Emily send Trevor in.
The front desk phone buzzed; Emily picked up the receiver. "Let me walk you back," she said pleasantly and clicked a button by her desk. I wondered whether she believed it really unlocked the door.
Trevor followed her to a door labeled 'Examination #2', which she opened. He nodded to her, and sat on the exam table, as per request. The office was spacious, but spare; the floor was unpolished concrete, the ceiling high, and there was only one table in the room, with some medical supplies atop it.
"If you can just remove your shirt, the doctor will be in shortly," Emily smiled once more and left. After the door closed, I watched on my primary monitor as Trevor pulled his yellowing shirt over his head. He was dreadfully skinny, ribs protruding on the sides. He had no muscular definition in the arms or chest, and his collarbone stuck out like the horns on a steer.
Seven minutes later, the door reopened. "Hello again, Mr. Roth!" The Good Doctor's voice reverberated off the walls. Trevor blinked. She wore an ivory-colored business top with two buttons undone, a pressed black skirt, and black leather heels. She had pale white skin; the only colors on her were red nails and redder lips. Her black hair fell long over her shoulders; her glasses rested low on her nose, and she carried a clipboard under her left arm. Two steps behind her followed a tall young woman in dark blue scrubs.
Dr. Lillian Rochester stood over him, jutted out her hand, and grabbed his firmly. "Thanks so much for participating! Don't get up. Yet." She flashed a toothy smile and shook vigorously with the grip of a man. "This is my assistant, Anya."
Trevor sheepishly smiled. Anya nodded. She had creamy skin the color of caramel, silky dark brown hair, large feminine eyes, bright and brown; shiny nose, soft lips, and full breasts, noticeable even underneath the unflattering scrubs. Anya seemed to me to be about five foot ten: still shorter than the statuesque Dr. Rochester but a good three inches taller than Trevor. She had the robust vigor and presence of an athlete, which for all I know she was.
"Now, Trevor -- may I call you Trevor?" spoke Dr. Rochester in her sharp voice, folding her hands in front of her, "I needn't remind you that you have signed a waiver and given permission for the behavioral tests we are about to perform, so this shouldn't even be an issue. However, it is imperative that the work not be interrupted or delayed by any sort of distraction. I cannot stress this point enough: because of the unique nature of this exam, all of the work we have done up until the testing phase depends on the following: you must --" She put her finger down hard: "Must do exactly as I say, understood?" Trevor nodded, eyes wide. She talked like a buzzsaw. I unwittingly chewed my nails while she spoke. "This study requires a strict attention to detail and succinct compliance. It is essential that our time is not wasted here."
She continued: "No questioning, no second guessing. If you cannot adhere to these simple rules, you forfeit your participation with the study and you will promptly be asked to leave. That is to say, you won't be compensated for your time. Have I made myself absolutely clear?" He stiffened.
Dr. Rochester seemed to notice; she eased her face, smiled, and patted his hand. "Sorry to be such a hardass. I'm not gonna lie: some of the test may seem strange to you. But I can't explain what we're doing, and I can't tell you why. That's probably little consolation, but that's what the money's for!" This relaxed him, and he was able to laugh a bit. "Don't worry, everything's going to be just fine."
Trevor grinned stupidly, like a child. Thinking of the money, no doubt. How long before his smile would fade? I wondered in anticipation. What new form of displeasure would his chapped lips convey?
"Let's begin then," she started. "Please stand up, over there." Trevor walked over toward the middle of the room; Dr. Rochester and Anya remained where they stood.
I took the opportunity to zoom one camera into his face, and another into Anya's, hoping to capture the best possible reactions.
"Now, if you would be so kind," continued the Good Doctor, looking at her clipboard: "Take your pants down."
---
Some months back, during Intro to Psychology, while I was daydreaming about stripping, filming, and using the rugby player seated next to me in the dark, baroque dungeon of my twisted fantasies, the professor started a detailed lecture about something called the Milgram Experiment. In it, volunteers who believed they were assistants in a memory experiment were told to send electric shocks to another volunteer every time they answered incorrectly. Despite knowing in their hearts it was wrong, people would shock other people, at times to fatal levels (so they believed), just because a guy in a white coat told them to.
Eureka, I thought.
To do it right, I knew this would require patience, meticulous planning, and extensive resources, all of which I have. Furiously, I began to scribble in my notebook his lecture points, coupled with loose and vague ideas of how I would go about this ambitious and ludicrous project. So intense were my efforts, my professor must have thought I actually started caring.
Even then, I envisioned a rough picture of what would ultimately stand before me: a gorgeous and intimidating femdom doctor, her lovely ingenue assistant, and a powerless and naked little freshman, unsure of what his immediate future holds. To manifest one's own imagination is truly a magical thing.
---
"I - I'm sorry?" he stammered. Anya looked at the doctor, calmly but quickly. She was a hell of a poker player.
"I'm going to need you to take your pants down," Dr. Rochester told him. He declined to respond, staring into the wall like a doomed cow. Anya's eyes widened, and she instinctively looked at her feet.
"Did you hear me?" The doctor leaned in, intruding his line of vision, a look of concern on her face. "I need you to remove your pants. We can't proceed if you have pants on, if you have clothes on." Still no response. Dr. Rochester sighed. "Trevor," she said reproachfully, "No questioning, no second guessing."
Anya inhaled, and did not exhale. Her eyes sparkled and the corners of her lips lifted upward.
He nodded, red-faced and silent.
She took a step back, smiling brightly. "Okay then."
My heart fluttered, my gut churned, and I sat closer onto the edge of my swivel chair, nose inches away from my screen. He didn't want to do it; that much was clear. His eyes scanned wildly without focus as he undid his belt and the button of his khaki pants. He slipped off his shoes, using one foot to push off the shoe of the other, and took the pants by the cuffs, pulling them off over his feet.
"Anya, could you give him a hand and take his pants for him?" Anya approached, standing in front of him. She smiled, like a stewardess, and extended her right hand. Trevor swallowed and passed her the khakis, which she draped over her left arm.
"Your underwear too. You need to be naked, do you understand?" repeated Dr. Rochester. "You can't have anything on. That goes for the socks, too. Please take it all off."
Trevor looked at her, then at Anya, who hadn't moved, and who wasn't averting her eyes. She was less than a foot away. The red in his face deepened, a ruddy mix of shame and contempt. He nodded curtly.
Anya placed her hands behind her back, still holding his khakis. Her facial expressions were inscrutable: calm eyes, no smile, insouciant; yet with a softness, almost a glow, as if content from a good meal. Perhaps I was projecting? Perhaps it was just her radiant beauty? I suppose you can judge for yourself.
And so, my dear Comrades, what came next? I suppose you know. And I suppose you also know by now that this is the moment I both crave and dread, just as you yourselves must have some moment like this that goads you forward to do what we do. That moment that I live for, that makes my palms sweat, my mind swim, my pussy swell. This time was no different, and yet . . . it was. Before, my victims were blissfully ignorant of any female gaze, or of my camera. Today, the boy was all too aware of the sets of eyes that took him in, even if unaware of mine.
And so, today was special. I wanted to ingest fully his mounting shame: all the little facial tics, eye shifts, and breathing irregularities. I could feel his acute discomfort, his peak humiliation, the stuff of nightmares; the desperate reluctance and the intransigent pressures that compelled him to act against his will. It made my chest hurt and my sinuses pinched. I felt an inclination to sob.
Dizzily I watched, with eyeballs desiccated from want of blinking, as he lowered his white boxers down, stepped out of them, pulled his socks off one by one, and attempted to straighten his spine with something approximating confidence. The whiteness of his skin momentarily blew out the color contrast of my shot before I could get a proper look at his body.
The lens adjusted. I then understood better the fear emanating from his eyes. Incredulous, I zoomed in to study it better, and my own mean laughter shocked me. His penis was indeed small: not abnormally so, but proportionate to his slight frame. It wasn't long, not at all, nor was it thick, and his balls were hard to see, despite the complete lack of hair. Nothing a boy would be proud to show to a woman. It felt wrong looking at it, almost illegal.
His nakedness underscored how small he was as a whole: his tiny nub, framed by his narrow thighs; his bony chest and arms; his pelvis visible under his taut pink skin. I felt both sorry for him and infinitely more aroused by his justifiable embarrassment. What was he thinking at this moment? I wondered. Was this the first time a girl had seen it? Was he aware at how disappointing, how undesirable, how inherently funny it was? Did he find this sexual, in spite of the shame, or perhaps because of it? Would this experience ruin him forever, or maybe awaken him to another, more deviant world of sensuality, not unlike the world that I had found? I was dying to know the future.
Anya waited patiently until he gave her his shorts and socks, coolly passing her eyes over his body. He turned them over with a shaking hand. She took two steps back, aligning herself again with Dr. Rochester -- never turning her back to him, as if to keep the pressure of her gaze on him completely, or so I imagined, as it is what I would have done. I still believe, if you watch closely enough, hers was a look of malicious amusement, of the cruel babysitter forcing her charge to be bathed by hand under protest. She was glad about it, I was sure: glad that it was small, glad that he was ashamed, and glad that her presence made it all the worse. Are you enjoying this as much as I am? I wondered. Are we all deep down the same?
Trevor's uncertain hands nervously veered toward his crotch, cueing the doctor to speak up once again: "Please put your hands in the air for us."
He did so. Dr. Rochester carried herself well: both professional and sultry, aggressive and comforting. She knew exactly what she was doing.
"Interesting," said the doctor, as she approached him. "You don't have any body hair." She bent at the waist, full bosom on display, and inspected his genitals. "Is that natural?" He looked down, nodding. She squinted and shook her head in disbelief. "You are eighteen, correct?" Absolutely crimson he continued to nod, unable to speak, eyes moist with tears.
"Fascinating. Well, this is excellent. We won't have to shave." She stood upright and ran her fingers across his chest and under his left armpit. Trevor flinched.
"Ticklish?" she chuckled. "I'll be more careful." From the wide angle I had the camera on, I noticed the stirrings of movement down south. I believe Anya saw it too: her eyes quickly looked to the ceiling and her lips drew inward, as if trying not to laugh.
"Could you grab the topical cream for me, dear?" the doctor directed at her assistant. Anya smiled agreeably at her and grabbed the cream off the table at once.
"Now, Trevor, we're going to apply this cream all over your body. It has to go everywhere. From head to toe. Does that make sense? That means we're going to place our hands on you and rub the cream in all the parts. I meanall over. Do you understand what has to take place?"
Trevor appeared as stupefied, either at the situation or the density of Dr. Rochester's redundant questioning. I knew she was doing this on purpose, the evil bitch, but for whom I can't exactly say. For herself? For me? Or for Anya, who hopelessly fought to maintain her indifferent composure? It didn't matter. It made everything more wonderful.
"I'll get the back; you get the front." The doctor passed her assistant a box of latex gloves.
For the first time, I saw Anya blush. She opened her full lips partly, as if to respond, then pursed them together in what looked like self-doubt.
---
After locating an office suite for rent near campus, I rigged it with surveillance equipment. In the back corner of the office, where a storage closet must have been, I built my command center: ten monitors forming a semicircle that played the closed circuit feed. I set up a customized CPU and my own in-house server. The live streams were recorded onto the server for later viewing and editing.
What was next needed was the right cast and crew. I held auditions at the office, but advertised for the roles in town. I didn't want a lot of university people to see me there. More than jail time, I fear expulsion. Hashtag trust fund baby problems.
It was a challenging casting. I wanted clean-cut, girl-next-door types, but I felt they had to be morally bankrupt enough to carry out the assignment. At first, I targeted strippers and high-priced call girls. I figured they would work well enough.
They did not. After a week of tryouts, I grew discouraged. The camera doesn't lie, and the test videos captured their nasty vibrations, reptilian and world-weary. The only thing that excited them was cash. It didn't feel right. What I wanted wasrealdegradation, humiliation, titillation. Profound and extreme.
I wasn't sure how I would capture the vision I saw in my head so clearly — until I had a breakthrough. The whole key to this caper was the human reflex to capitulate to authority. It was how I came up with the idea in the first place. I realized that if I expected the victims to do so, why wouldn't I expect the same from my assistants?
The decision of casting went from four actresses to one. And I believed that role would be far easier to fill.
On campus, I put up two different sets of flyers: the first one was green, and there were dollar signs on the top. 'RESEARCH STUDY' it read: "Looking for Men Ages 18-22 for a Clinical Research Study. $1,500 for 1 Day! Inquire at Address Below." The second was printed on pink paper, with an official-looking seal: "Looking for Paid Assistants for a Clinical Research Study! $2,500 + Experience." Why more for the assistants? I assumed women were innately more skeptical, and money erases doubts.
I posted the green flyers near the rec center and the gym, and near the on-campus housing where all the financial aid kids live. For the pink ones, I put them next to the bulletin boards of classes such as: "Understanding Intimate Relationships" and "Feminist Film Theory in the 1960s," and around the women's dormitory. Within days I had a multitude of candidates to pick from.
As for "Dr. Lillian Rochester," I found Goddess Kayla on a dominatrix website. She lived about thirty miles away; I made an appointment with her and took an Uber there. Her place was in a paint-chipped duplex at the bottom of a hill, a dirt road passing by the front, leading to a state road entrance ramp. There were red velvet drapes covering the windows, and a black heart hung on the door. I knocked.
Kayla opened, and looked me up and down. "Hey, hon," she smiled quizzically with a square jaw, towering over me. Her narrow eyes sat behind butterfly glasses with zebra print frames, her thick eyebrows high above them in bemusement; clad in a black skin-tight top with long sleeves, unzipped to the middle to her navel, a black mini-skirt, and thigh-high boots. She was big, beautiful, and scary. Perfect. "What can I do for you today?"
---
Anya slowly and awkwardly pulled the latex gloves onto her hands. Dr. Rochester took a generous scoop of the white cream from the container with her fingers and then passed it back to Anya. The girl studied it before taking a much smaller amount. I was beginning to get a read on her body language. I imagined she was contemplating how much she needed twenty-five hundred dollars. I imagined she needed it and then some.
"Start with his face," Dr. Rochester directed as she slathered the lotion onto Trevor's neck and shoulders with two hands, rubbing it in circularly in two different directions. Anya stood in front of Trevor, taking care to look him in the eyes, which he then closed, perhaps to assist her or perhaps to go inside himself, to convince himself that this was not happening. She began to gently apply the cream on his forehead, then his cheeks. He grimaced as his small penis perceptibly rose. If Anya noticed, she pretended not to.
The doctor and assistant synced into a rhythm, moving down his body inch by inch, together. Dr. Rochester smoothed the cream into his sides, pressing her thumbs into his lower back, while Anya gingerly painted his abdomen with four of her right hand's fingers. Dr. Rochester arrived at his cute little butt, palming his cheeks as she went.
"Just need to take a little peek is all," she said as she spread his buttocks wide, gloved fingers pressing close near his pink anus, spiraling the cream around and up to the limit. "Steady," she warned, as the finger slid inside. After rewatching the recording there is no sound, but at the time I could swear I heard him say "No." On the video there is only a wordless gasp for air.
By the time Anya had allowed herself to look, Trevor was fully erect. I watched her exhale before she knelt down. She carefully took it between her left thumb and forefinger as she spread the cream around and into the area where his pubic hair would be, taking more cream from the tub and massaging his hip flexors, his slender thighs, down to the calves and feet. Trevor kept his eyes shut. Anya appeared to be breathing more heavily.
Dr. Rochester, ever vigilant, took notice of the omission. "Anya, don't forget to rub the cream on his genitals. The penis and the testicles. And under them. Under the testicles. Make sure there's cream all in this region," she pointed up at the perineum with her light blue finger. "I think the kids call that the taint. Got that? So, all of the parts: the penis, the testicles, and the taint. Especially the penis. And don't worry about the erection, either of you. It's common. Happens all the time. Nine out of ten penises. And if it wasn't hard now, it would be after the cream. You got that, Trevor? Nothing wrong with your erection." He nodded quickly, eyes still closed. "Anya? Okay, we all clear?"
Anya looked hollowed. From one knee, she glanced up at Trevor, who had finally opened his eyes after Rochester's absurd rambling, and he looked down at her. She seemed to apologize with her eyes before hesitatingly gripping his four-inched hard penis, sliding it between the index and middle fingers of her left hand, down to his balls, cupping them, then slipping her hand behind the scrotum, between the legs, his petite balls sitting on her bare wrist. I wondered how it felt: so slippery and hairless, lubricated soft, young skin. She returned to his stem, passing her palm from the right to the left side, lightly rolling over his cockhead, which twitched as she did so.
"Keep going," Dr. Rochester, bowed low, whispered into Anya's left ear. "Right there, just like that. Add some more cream." Anya looked up at her, with a face of a lost child, looking to be told what to do. Rochester had removed her gloves and proceeded to knead Anya's traps, then pulled Anya's hair back into a makeshift ponytail. "How does that feel, Trevor?" His face mirrored that of Anya's; mouth open, eyebrows raised, he nodded at her once more. The Goddess looked straight at where the main camera was installed and winked at me. The Milgram Experiment worked indeed. Now it was time to see how well.
----
An hour before Trevor's arrival, we set up Anya's orientation. Emily, a middle-aged civilian I hired off of Craigslist, led our assistant into the exam room. She wore black jeans and a varsity-style long sleeve, and her hair was pulled back. "Have a seat, the doctor will be in soon," the secretary told her.
My well-paid employee entered soon after, and they exchanged formal pleasantries before she directly commenced. "Anya, is it?" began Dr. Rochester, as she would now and forever be known to me; the girl nodded and smiled.
"We work for an important conglomerate that shall remain nameless. Government contracts. You understand?" Anya said that she did. "That's important. Because the tests we perform can be considered . . . irregular. Unconventional. Some may find them uncomfortable." Anya nodded more slowly. "This should explain away the unusually high dollar amount for a few hours' worth of work."
"It's very exciting," Anya interjected.
"I'm sure. I can't prepare you as I normally would. Spontaneity is of the essence here. The element of surprise. There are secrets here. Am I making sense?" Anya looked disoriented; she shrugged.
"Forget all that. What's important is that you do what I tell you. You must convey the instructions exactly as given. Any hesitation on your part could jeopardize the entire experiment."
"Of course," Anya agreed.
"No indecision. No hesitation."
"Okay."
"There is to be no verbal explanation. You will remain quiet while you perform your tasks. Remember, in your accepted role you represent the scientific community and therefore must be as professional as possible, lest you upset the subject or the objectivity of the examination."
"I understand," Anya replied earnestly.
"For starters, I need to examine you. We're going to do a physical. Let's begin by removing your clothes." Anya looked surprised, but not unpleasantly so, and she stood up and did what was asked, taking her shirt off first. She unlatched her pink bra next, unleashing her large breasts. I watched as she leaned against the exam table, stripping off her tight jeans, then her pink underwear.
"Lie back down on the table," the doctor commanded. Goddess Kayla had no medical training, but Dr. Rochester performed like a twenty-five year professional, examining her eyes, her mouth; she rolled her breasts between her fingers; she slid open her vagina. "Roll over."
My preference is for men, but the scenario excited me terribly. My first woman. I liked it very much, and I knew she would not be my last.
"All clear, dear. Take a shower over there, use the special soap, twice, all over, and then put this on," she said, taking off her gloves, and passed to Anya the dark blue scrubs. "I'll be placing your street clothes in storage, to prevent any contamination."
----
"Lift up your arms, dear. We're going to show him, okay?" Anya did nothing. "Okay?We must take this off." Anya mouthed 'okay'. "Yeah, okay." She took hold of the bottom of her top and pulled straight up, mussing Anya's hair as it fell back down over her face. I watched Trevor's eyes as he stared at her high, pert breasts, round and lovely; tawny areolae, subtly hard nipples. Anya looked vacant, entranced, focused.
"The cream," Rochester whispered again. "It's edible. We're testing edible cream."
Anya nodded, still looking Trevor in the eye.
"Go on," said Rochester. "Taste him."
Anya's head jerked to the left. "What?" For a moment there was a look of consciousness, of agency, of betrayal.
"Taste him, I said." Dr. Rochester glared at her unrelentingly. Anya looked away. What was she thinking about now? I wanted to know. Was it the money? Was it fear? Of the doctor, of government contracts, of 'no hesitation, no indecision'? Whichever it was, the mousetrap had snapped. She returned her bovine gaze to Trevor's uninspiring erection.
The totality of wide-ranging and jarring emotions -- fear, debasement, cruelty, arousal, enmity, acquiescence -- consumed me. My pants were now around my ankles, naked ass on my pleather office chair, shirt wide open. I was flicking my clit with sticky wet fingers, practically drooling out the side of my mouth.
Anya pressed the tip of her tongue against the fold of his groin, dragging it along the side of his oiled cock until her mouth enveloped all of it. She sucked at it, like a pen in class, as Trevor closed his eyes again, this time in pleasure.
"How does it taste?" She asked.
Anya let his cock fall out of her mouth. "It's sweet . . . "
"Good," the doctor responded, clipboard back in hand, jotting down notes. "Go on."
"Like coconut."
"Keep going. It's going to get salty. Tell me when it gets salty," the doctor beamed.
Anya continued to work his cock with her lips, wrapping her hands around the thigh of his left leg for stability. Trevor placed his hand on top of her head; his knees buckled. Dr. Rochester put her hand on his. Trevor moaned; Anya hummed, gagged, and coughed; Dr. Rochester cooed.
I could feel a monster orgasm growing inside of me. My right hand moved faster. My left hand squeezed my right nipple. I was coming so hard it scared me. I let it all out with a freakish wail into my arm, muffling it as best I could.
"Salty," mumbled Anya, like one who was dreaming. My head was exploding.
Dr. Rochester stood upright, fixing her blouse, straightening her skirt with her hands. She turned to the pair. "Thank you both for your participation," she flatly spoke without much emotion, adjusted her glasses, and walked with her clipboard out of the office.
Trevor and Anya looked at the door. For a few seconds they waited, as if she would return at any moment. When she did not, their expressions changed, like the mesmerized awakening abruptly from their stupor, and the anxiety of their action's consequences returned with a crash. Anya reacted first, and most strongly, spinning up to her feet; she put a hand to her mouth, the other in front of her chest. She tried to spit in the wastebasket, but there was nothing to spit. Trevor seemed frozen, as if he wasn't sure what to do, watching Anya's frantic display.
Anya quickly donned her shirt, then scuttled out of the room, as fast behind the doctor as she could, without once acknowledging the boy she just fellated. She seemed more agitated by the second. What accounted for the total shift in her demeanor? Did the forces that allow for the Milgram Experiment to work blind her to the crude mechanisms of our simple ruse? Was it dawning on her with horror, at this late hour, how farcical the experiment was? How cheap our office location, that no "conglomerate" would operate in? Did she feel foolish, cheated, bamboozled, violated? Did she gnawingly begin to suspect that this was all being recorded, that she was soon to be internet famous? Was she aware that there was no one she could report us to, nothing she could do about it, without exposing her own rank complicity, especially if she still expected to financially benefit? Had her whole sense of self come tumbling down? I felt an urge to masturbate again.
I watched her on the other monitors, head down, as she gracelessly lumbered through the hall. She stopped at the front desk to enquire about her clothes and her money. Emily cheerfully handed her a bag with her clothes and told her the money would arrive by check in two weeks (and it would! I am no monster). She fled the office forever, taking my scrubs with her.
Poor Trevor was left alone, after what was undoubtedly the best, if not the only sexual experience of his life, with no one to embrace him after. He breathed out sharply and started to get dressed, beginning with his socks. I zoomed in on it -- slick, tiny, rubbed raw -- and watched him put on his underwear, blowing it a kiss, already nostalgic for it. He would leave us much more at ease than his counterpart did: happily saying good-bye to kind old Emily, forgetting all about the cash, calmly exiting the door.
I degraded them both, it is true. But I gave back. There was joy in it for them, and money too. But most importantly, there were lessons learned. I felt a strange kind of balance had been achieved, and I feel no sense of guilt over what I had wrought. Because, my dear Comrades, I now know what kind of voyeur I am.
----
Goddess Kayla knocked; I told her to come in, even though I remained in a state of messy undress. She giggled at me, stroked my hair. "How was that for you, sweetie?" As good as I could have imagined, I told her. Better. She fished a cigarette out of her bag.
"When does the next pair get here?" she asked. Charlotte would be arriving at two o'clock, I responded; Orlando an hour after. We should probably get a bite to eat. I would buy, naturally.
"Best gig of my life," she exhaled with the smoke. "You sure you want to stop this tomorrow?" No, I laughed. No, I was not.
***