The evening after the beach volleyball game.
"There's Mommy. Wave at her, Grace. Let's blow Mommy a big kiss."
Willa Pryce held the 8 month old infant in her lap dressed all in frilly pink and ribbons. Helpful hand gestures made her Mother's day.
"My beautiful daughter has taken to her new Nanny quite well. I'm impressed. Thank you Willa."
"She's a blast. And, no I don't want kids of my own before you say I'm a natural Motherly type." She chuckles.
"It never crossed my mind." Claire Benson told her with a sly grin, while sitting on her bed in some extravagant hotel room.
As Grace opts to become fussy her Father Nick times his entrance through the garage.
"Lookie Grace, Daddy's home." Willa looks up from the sofa.
"There's my girl's." He hurriedly drops his dangling leather shoulder bag on the loveseat. He then scoots in beside Willa to claim his daughter, pelting her with hugs and kisses. The child's fussing led to her drifting off very quickly.
"Someone's bedtime, I think." Willa reaches to reclaim her. Instead Nick refrains.
"I'll put her down. Entertain my loving wife a few moments longer and I'll return." He then turns his back to the camera whispering to Willa, "Let's not worry Claire about Jesse's expulsion from school while I'm away. She has enough to contend with overseas."
Willa understands and keeps her expression minimal.
Turning back toward Claire Nick puckers up and literally kisses the laptop monitor used to Skype with his wife.
"Hurry back my love. I've missed you." Claire warmly curls up in her bathrobe.
Once Nick disappears, Willa leans forward with her elbows on her legs, arms crossed.
"Claire? We haven't had a chance to speak since you left for Israel. I need to get some things off my chest."
"Alright. Speak openly. I'm listening."
"I've probably gone over the top with your inspiration request. Well, order. Nick tells me you are fine with anything I do but I hope you know I adore you. I would die if I offended you."
"Are you afraid I might object to certain things?"
"Yes. Our chapter readings have gone a little far."
"Calm yourself, Willa. You have my full permission to do whatever Nick wants of you. Even sex. I understand my husband and his needs."
"But, what if I start liking it a little too much?"
Claire giggles, "As long as you understand who you work for and separate it from your own personal interests. Nick will never abandon me, nor I him."
"Oh, I wasn't trying to sound like I want to steal Nick from you. Hardly. I'm just saying his actions could easily mold me into a nympho."
A pressed smile Claire leans forward, "That is your decision young lady."
Willa fidgets her lips, "Yeah. I really never imagined myself like this. It's kind of spooky. I just pray my parents never discover this change in me."
"Hide it well. Enjoy yourself, Willa. You're young and full of life. A grown woman standing on her own terms."
Willa chuckles, "That wouldn't be what Dorian would say."
Claire fans herself with her hand, "I suppose you're right."
As if on cue, Nick returns resting a pink baby monitor on the sofa beside his bag. He then rejoins the Skype session.
"How goes the Tel Aviv conference?" Nick raises a brow.
"Long. Boring. Fruitful. Lonely. I miss my husband in bed with me."
Willa feels like a third wheel, "I should leave you two alone."
Claire quickly responds, "NO! Please stay. Inspiration Willa."
"Okay." Willa is taken back, puckering nervously.
"Nickolas? I have a present for you if you so desire it." Claire bats her eyelashes.
"Oh? Is it under that burdening robe of yours?"
She sighs, "Of course. However there is more to it. You know very well that I do my best to inspire you. Although you have Willa while I'm abroad, I always think of your needs. I have been horny for days now thinking of you making love to me. Obviously we cannot do that, so I decided to improvise."
Nick rubs his goatee curiously, "How so?"
"Well? If you will hold on for one moment I'll show you." Claire in turn gets up from the bed and evades the camera long enough to answer a door to an adjoining room. Within minutes she returns hand in hand with a dashing Israeli man who looked strikingly similar to Nick.
"Nick? This is "Sayad"."
The man smugly nods at the camera looking at his twin.
Nick sits without expression. This made Willa even more nervous.
"Should I go?" Willa whispers.
Nick reaches over with his left hand and holds the Nanny's wrist.
"His back must be facing me at all times. If you intend for me to imagine that he is me."
"Of course. Shall we continue with your blessing?" Claire enquires.
"Proceed."
Nick and Willa observe Claire stand up in front of Sayad, her back to the camera. She unties her robe and drops its to the bedroom floor. Claire then proceeds to lean over and undress Sayad.
Within minutes she has him completely naked. Nudging him to lay back she straddles him and crawls into his arms embrace. Kissing became intense.
"Wow!" Willa barely mutters aloud.
For long moments Nick watches silently as Sayad lets his hand reach under Claire to line his cock up for penetration. Nick snarls as he sees the man's erection vanish slowly up inside of Claire. He could hear his wife moan.
A few minutes more of their actions led Nick to drag Willa to her feet. In her thin white mini dress she felt Nick's hand slide up her leg until he palmed her ass. Without panties it was easier for him to graze her pussy from behind.
Willa swallowed hard then used her hands to lift her dress up and off of her lithe body. She had no bra on either, leaving her nude.
Nick's eyes never once left the monitor as he glued his emotions toward Claire and Sayad's fevered display. Willa took it upon herself to crouch at an angle to remove Nick's shoes. This led to unbuckling his belt and relieving him of his pants.
Nick himself pulled himself up slightly to peel off his polo shirt. Now he too was naked. Immediately Nick yanked Willa to her feet and forced her to straddle his lap. He too guided his cock directly up inside her. Willa gasped at his girth.
"Shit!" she whispers.
Nick snapped her forward smothering her mountainous chest into his muscles. He then grips her neck and cradles it to his shoulder. Her flowing red hair smelled delicious to his senses.
Between Claire and Nick their desires overcame them. Nick began to thrust harder and harder into Willa. She could barely move due to the strength of which he held her in check.
Sayad took control pulling Claire over on to the bed so that he could fuck her missionary style. This allowed Nick to capture his every penetration. Claire's legs wrapped around the man's waist in siren like wails of ecstasy.
Nick could hear his wife calling out his name. It made him grow more intense.
Willa cried out in her own array of emotions. She could hear Nick mutter Claire's name each time he thrust into Willa.
For nearly thirty minutes Willa endured the same position. She was a ball of sweat. Her face literally bit into the couch back from Nick's personal possession. Her exhaustion could only let her endure orgasm after orgasm.
Finally, he began to strain and growl loudly. In a last second blur he pulls Will forward and throws her off of him onto the seat beside him. He then jerked himself off vigorously until exploding all over the laptop mere feet away. He doused the monitor then slammed it shut. Claire was immediately cut off.
Watching him storm off left Willa shivering.
"What the hell?" She sat haunted by the thought.
A few minutes of frozen time later she hears the baby monitor erupt with the chatter of Baby Grace. She started to get up when she heard Nick's voice comforting her. His words were very clear, "It's alright sweetheart. Your Mommy loves you. We love you. Always. Go back to sleep."
Willa nestled over on the sofa's arm, convinced there was no need to intervene. She was still breathless and in awe of her endurance.
Suddenly, over the baby monitor Nick expelled, "Clean up the mess, and go to bed. Sweet dreams, Willamina."
She trembled and moved to reach for the monitor.
"I planned on it, Sir. Goodnight."
Twenty minutes later Willa gathered her dress and started her journey to bed. At the top of the stairs she glanced toward Nick's bedroom and heard him talking to someone. Curiosity made her stop and listen. The phone was on conference. This allowed her to hear Claire.
"Did you not approve, Husband?"
Nick sighed loudly, "You did fine. It's just not the same as being there."
"It sounded like Willa had a good time."
"I believe so. She had three orgasms."
"Do you like your new toy?" Claire asks.
"Toy? Willa has been very helpful. I'm quite happy with her eye for detail. We did well hiring her."
Down the hall this made Willa smile.
"You know what I mean, Nick. She's young and beautiful. Her body is perfect. I'm old and less attractive. If only I had her vigor."
"This hardly sounds like you Claire. Why the change?" He questions.
"I suppose we all grow low of spirit sometimes. I live for you Nickolas. I adore Willa too. I guess I just admire her youthfulness."
"Youthfulness or usefulness? You're my wife and my life. You look as stunning as the day we met. Quite useful in every way."
"Did I inspire you at all tonight?"
"Sure. It was like you and I made love. Your pussy felt awesome."
"Willa's pussy you mean."
"I envisioned you. So." Nick grumbles.
"As I did with Sayad. I closed my eyes and merely felt your presence. I must admit though, you know how I feel about uncircumcised men. It gave me the willies."
Nick chuckles, "Yeah, I'll admit Willa does have a nice fit around me."
Willa bit her nail in the shadows of the hallway.
"You should make love to her more often. Even when I return home. I know your endurance can handle the both of us."
"Making love? No. Our chapter re-enactments are welcome. Her inspiration has led me to teach her to be a slave."
"How is she doing?"
"She seems to like her new existence. Her attire has evolved, and She burnt her underwear in our fireplace. She's been open to public display."
"That is wonderful. I'm glad you like training her. Do you intend to push her harder?"
Nick grins and swiftly opens his bedroom door to catch Willa down the hall. Somehow he knew she was listening.
"Yes! She will be the best obedient slut I ever Owned."
His glare made her knees grow weak. Slipping to the floor she pouts at being caught eavesdropping.
"Won't You Willamina?" He growls loudly.
"Yes, Sir."
As the door sealed, Willa laid there in the hallway and shivered. The baby monitor glued to her hand.
Fifteen minutes later Nick and Claire ended their call. He opened his bedroom door once more to find her laying in the hall. He chose to make his way to her side.
She refused to look up at him.
He then knelt down and cradled her in his arms. Moving toward his bedroom she pondered the thoughts of sleeping with him. With his son Jesse coming home tomorrow she knew this might be her last chance for awhile. He must be thinking the same it occurred to her. This made her smile slightly.
Instead he laid her in front of his door frame.
"This is your bed for the night. Keep the floor warm."
Her eyes bulged.
He then stepped over her, leaving his bedroom door open. Lights out he went to sleep.
Willa drifted off with little trouble.
The baby monitor silent.
She was closer to home.