I walk into the crowded room. I really didn't want to be here in the first place bud I promised a friend I would make an appearance. It was the beginning of summer and I decided to go out after all the lockdown and social distancing had eased up.
I find a few friends that showed up as well and I make small talk with them as I circulate about the premises. I get myself a drink and head to the patio. I am one of the few people here that smoke. I check my pockets for my smokes and lighter and exit out to the patio thinking I would be alone. As I step out onto the pavers I am surprised who I find sitting on one of the patio chairs. I wasn't aware we had a mutual acquaintance before tonight. You look at me and smile as you take a drag from your cigarette. I smile back as I light my cigarette and inhale as you take a sip of you drink. We make small talk as to how each other have been and what we have been up to since the quarantine. I can't help but give you a quick look up and down in the dress you are wearing. You fill out your little black dress exquisitely. You fill it out nicely from your ass to your breasts. It is a low cut dress but not too revealing as it allows a little cleavage and your shoulders to show. It's hemmed up to mid-thigh letting me soak in your dazzling crossed legs. As I am taking in the view I bring my head up and you are just staring at me. I am beyond caught at this point. You don't feel threatened or like I was perving on you because we know each other but bust busted is busted. As we look into each other's eyes I'm lost for words but you start to crack a smile and you give me the once over as well.
I extend my hand as I look into your eyes. You place your hand in my palm as I help you from your seat. You give me a quizzical as to what I am about to do next. I lead you across the patio to the gazebo on the other side of the yard. The yard is rather large and where the gazebo is it's enveloped in darkness except for the faint moonlight. No one can see this far out into the yard at night.
Once we reach the steps of the gazebo you turn to me and ask why I brought you out here. My only response is to lean forward and kiss you on your full lips. A moan escapes your lips as we continue our sensual lip lock. I pull you close to me and I can tell you are getting excited as your erect nipples poke into my chest. You sense my excitement as well from my semi-erect cock rubbing against you pubic area. You move closer and take my face into the palms of your hands as your groin rubs on me. I move my hands to your hips and down to cup and squeeze your ass as I bring your groin closer to my groin. We slowly hump each other through the material of our clothes.
I break our kiss and our dry humping to back you to the garden table inside the gazebo. I bend slightly and reach up your dress. I ever so lightly reach up to rub your pussy. I love that you are wearing a thong. The patch of fabric covering your mound is soaked with your juices. I reach inside the small piece of fabric to discover your pussy is shaved except for a small strip of pubic hair and you pussy is now slippery with your excitement. I reach up under your dress with both hands and grasp the straps of your thong. At first you are hesitant but your excitement has consumed you. I pull you thong down your legs until I pull them over your heels. I place them on the table behind you. I motion you to sit back on the table. I place both hands on your knees and begin to open your legs. You hike your dress up around your waist, exposing your cleanly shaved muff to me. You tell me you want me to eat your pussy. I bend to my knees and move my head forward to your wet pussy...letting my tongue take the lead. As soon as your inner thighs touch my cheeks I come in contact with the spot I was after. I stick my tongue further out and find the soft folds of your womanhood. I lick around your pussy in circles, spreading your lips with my tongue. Your juices start to flow onto my tongue, the sweet wetness I desire. Your erect clit is nose level and I move up to suck on your pearl. I flick it with my tongue and alternate by sucking on it. You begin to breath heavy and you pussy becomes swollen from the tongue lashing I am giving you. Soft moans escape you lips as you get more and more excited.
I look up to see your head flung back and eyes closed. Your mouth is open breathing shallow breaths. You have pulled down the front of your dress to expose your breasts. Your nipples are erect with silver dollar size areolas. You are rubbing and kneading them back and forth while pinching and squeezing your nipples. I can tell you like this because it makes your pussy spasm. I go back to licking your honey hole and get ready to insert a finger. You stop me and say not yet and that it's my turn.
You move to get off the table and turn my back to it. You start to unbuckle belt and unzip my pants. In one swoop you pull them down around my ankles and my cock springs free, inches from your face. A big smile is on your face as you are pleased with what you see. I grip the table on either side of my hips for what comes next. At first you stick your tongue out to lick the under head of my shaft. A large amount of precum escapes the bulbous and oversized head and onto your tongue. You swallow the offering and then open up to take my whole head in your waiting mouth. Your mouth is so wet and warm. I'm not sure if I can hold back. You've only began sucking my cock. You go deeper on my shaft in by inch until you reach the base. My cock twitches in the back of your throat and you try not to gag.
I fight through the overpowering sensation to cum. You repeat this motion many more times until you are comfortable to deepthroat me. Your tits sway back and forth with the rhythm of sucking my pole. Your hands run up and down my taught thighs while you suck me. You move one to grab and caress my balls wile backing you mouth off my throbbing meat.. You replace it with your other hand and start to stroke my engorged and lubricated shaft. Up and down like a piston...a well oiled or should I say well lubed machine as generous amounts of precum escape my cock and lube it. Stroking from the head all the way to my base in a slow but steady rhythm the slick sound of the pumping is the only sound to be heard. You know I am close to cumming as my balls begin to tighten up to me and draw in close to my cock.
You immediately pull off of me and we switch positions. Now you are sitting on the table again. You tell me you need to feel me inside of you. You lay back on the table with your dress hiked above your waist exposing you open and wet pussy. I lift your legs by the back of your knees opening them high and wide as I position myself to enter you. I feel the wetness and warmth of your love box. I slowly enter inch by inch until I am fully inside you. I pull out slowly until just my head is at your opening and repeat the process of the slow back and forth motion several times. You pull me down to you while I'm pumping you and beg me t fuck you faster. I grab your hips and start to pick up my pace and rhythm. Faster and faster I pump my engorge shaft in your tight pussy. You grab my face and our mouths find each other, tongues swirling almost out of control. I pull my face back and focus on your gorgeous tits. I release my hands from your lips and grab your pale globes and I start to suck on them. I alternate back and forth as I feverishly pump my rod in and out of your sopping pussy. I take a nipple in my mouth and gently bite it. This triggers your pussy and it contracts as it bring you closer to your orgasm.
With my furious pumping and combined with me teasing of your tits, you let me know you are ready to cum. Your pussy clenches down on my cock as your back arches and you start to squeal. It rushes through you like a flood and makes your body feel like it's on fire. I can't hold back while witnessing your glorious display. I feel I'm past the point of no control of my own orgasm. I thrust deep on last time as I feel myself release into you. On my back stroke I pull myself out and grab my cock. I furiously start to stroke as I continue to expel my seed. Rope after pearly rope of cum splashed on your body. Your abdomen and stomach and breasts are covered in my man juice. You raise yourself up and say you want a taste. You drop to your knees as I squeeze on last drop of cum from my cock to your waiting mouth. You smile as you swallow my offering telling me how good it tastes.
After our little tryst we collect out wits and composure wondering if anyone one noticed we were gone. We walk back to the patio and just before we go inside we lean into each for a good night kiss.