Author's Notes: This is another chapter in my story about Eve. Please read the previous chapters for background on the characters and story plot before reading this chapter.
* * * * *
On Sunday afternoon, my husband Bill and I had finished a 2 hour photo session followed by spectacular sex for nearly an hour.
"You're just as hot as ever." Bill remarked.
"And you're my favorite lover. You please me so many ways in bed, and out of bed." I replied as I hugged Bill again and gave him a well deserved kiss.
"It's near impossible to satisfy your sexual desires. I'm glad that I have other men to help." Bill said with a wink.
"And you know I greatly appreciate everything you do for me." I said lovingly.
"Hey! Do you remember Brad and Luke?" He asked, changing the topic suddenly.
"How could I forget my first threesome?" I fired back. "I guess that has been my only threesome. I'll never forget that, or the brothers. And to think that was actually a bachelor party of sorts for Brad."
"An incredible threesome. And maybe my best set of photos. Brad created his own book from those." Bill replied. He had always been really pleased with the photos he took that day of me having sex with Brad and his brother Luke.
"But what I wanted to tell you," Bill continued, "is that I just got another email from Brad. They want to come back for a repeat performance, sort of."
"What?" I exclaimed in excitement. "They want to come do it again? And what do you mean by 'sort of'?"
"Brad's wife, Anne, is also coming to join in." Bill explained. "And this is to be a surprise to Luke. He won't know in advance that Anne will be here."
"Really?" I remarked. "What's with that? And, how will that work?"
"You remember the first email we got from Brad. He had shared with Anne the story of the threesome here the night before their wedding, his bachelor party. He showed her the photos I took that night. Instead of being angry at Brad, she was aroused. She confided to him that she also wanted to have sex with his brother, Luke, or possibly a threesome including him. Brad also knew that his brother had the hots for Anne. As a result, Brad and Anne have hatched this plan to have Brad and Luke come here, supposedly for a repeat with you. Unknown to Luke will be that Anne will also be here to have sex with him." Bill finished his long explanation and sat back looking at me. "What do you think?"
I thought about all this for a moment.
"Why are they coming here for this? Why not have their threesome where they live?" I asked. "What are our roles in this?
"I think that Brad and Anne want this to be a big surprise to Luke, and they think this is the best setting." Bill replied. "As for my role, they have specifically asked that I take photos. They don't want to ask someone else in their home town to take photos. I'm not so sure about your role, but I know that Anne wants to spend time talking with you before the brothers get here."
"I guess I'm all in for this, whatever 'this' actually is." I replied, holding up my hands to put air-quotes around the word 'this'.
"I'll reply to Brad, set a date, and try to get more details." Bill concluded.
- - - - -
About two weeks later, on a Saturday afternoon, Anne arrived at our house via a ride-sharing service. Anne wore a white dress which was fitted above the waist and emphasized her larger than average breasts, and her hour glass figure. The hem of the flared skirt was half way up her thighs. She had shoulder length blonde hair, blue eyes, and a wide smile. She carried a small overnight bag with her.
"Hello. You must be Eve." Said the attractive blonde at our door as she held out her hand.
"And you must be Anne." I replied as I shook her hand and welcomed her into our home. "How was your flight?"
"A bit awkward as I had to fly alone, on a separate plane, in order to keep our plan secret from Luke." she replied. "I've never done anything like this before."
I motioned for Anne to take a seat in our living room. "Can I offer you something to drink? A beer or some water?"
"Water would be great." Anne replied as she looked around the room.
I fetched two bottles of water from the refrigerator and handed one to Anne as I sat down next to her on the sofa.
"When you say 'never done anything like this', exactly what do you mean?" I asked, even though I thought I knew the answer.
"Oh, so many things I've never done." Anne began. "I've never expected to have sex outside our marriage. I've never had sex with multiple people. I've never planned such a surprise, especially in another city and in a stranger's home."
"Never had sex with multiple people, and you planned this? In another city?" I asked.
"That's the main reason I wanted to talk with you before all this began." Anne answered. "When Brad finally told me about what happened here the night before our wedding, and then showed me the photos, I was totally stunned! I never imagined either of us ever doing anything like that. And I immediately knew I also wanted to have such an experience. And with Luke. May I ask how that night happened from your perspective?"
I gave Anne a shortened version of Bill's and my relationship, the photography, the sex with other men, and that specific night when I went looking for two men for my first threesome.
"So just like that you were having sex with two strangers?" Anne asked.
"Maybe a bit risky, but my husband Bill was always with me." I replied. " I had a fantastic experience, except for me choking while being spit-roasted on two cocks." I added proudly.
"I've given simple blowjobs. I've never deep-throated a cock, or had someone fuck my mouth. I don't think I can actually do two men at once." Anne said.
"So exactly what sort of threesome experience do you want?" I asked, hoping this discussion might also explain my role in this.
"I suppose I want to have sex with one, and then sex with the other." Anne replied. "I've never done this and don't really know what to do. It just looked so hot in your photos and I thought you could suggest some things, or give me tips. Maybe you could keep one brother busy while I'm having sex with the other. I don't know. Can you help me?"
Anne looked nervous and vulnerable. She needed help, and was looking to me for guidance. I was quickly bonding with the cute, sexy blonde and I wanted to help. I wanted everyone to have a great experience.
"From my limited experience, I suggest the following." I began. "First, there are no rules. Everyone does what feels right, what feels good, and we hope everyone has a great time. I think that is what happened the last time. Second, there are countless ways to do two men at once. You don't have to be fucking them both. One can be fucking you and maybe you're just kissing the other or stroking their cock. Lots of options. Try some things. If it doesn't feel good, do something else."
I paused and then added, "When you ask if I could 'keep one brother busy', does that include having sex with them? What if that other brother is your husband? May I have sex with him?"
"Oh, Yes. Please have sex with Brad if you like." Anne replied quickly. "I think it would be especially hot for me to be having sex with Luke while watching Brad have sex with another woman. Would you do that for me?"
Initially I was taken aback by her eagerness for me to fuck her husband. Then I thought about what Bill does for me, and I understood the sharing of the experience.
"I would love to fuck Brad again. And I hope to have another go with Luke as well." I answered. "Lastly, are there specific limits you have? And what about protection? We have a basket of condoms I can put out for the guys to use."
"Oh! Thank you for thinking about that. Maybe we insist on protection." Anne replied. After she thought a moment she added, "I don't like cum on my face or hair. Brad knows that. I need for Luke to know."
"I'm also opposed to cum in my hair. If the situation arises, we tell them no cum above the neck." I replied.
We sat there in silence a few moments and sipped our water.
"How does all this start?" Anne asked. "How do we surprise Luke?"
I thought a bit about this and then proposed a plan to Anne. The plan involved Anne initially hiding in the bedroom. Once the plan started, Brad would know when to give the signal and Anne would walk in, surprising Luke. We would then play it by ear from there out.
"That's a great plan! I so love you." Anne said as she gave me a big hug. She held the hug maybe a bit too long. I didn't know if there was any significance to that.
We parted, but Anne kept her face close to mine.
"Have you ever had sex with another woman?" She asked in a quiet voice.
"No, I haven't." I answered. I decided to not tell her that I have been curious. "Have you?" I asked.
"I've played the field, or should I say I've played both fields." Anne replied. "I prefer men, but I have enjoyed other women. That started my first year of college with my dorm roommate. And I've had other female lovers. I just wondered if tonight, if things get really wild, if we might play. I think I would like that. And I'm sure the guys would go crazy. You know how men love to watch two women. But if you don't, that's okay."
"Can I give you an answer later?" I answered. I wasn't sure why I said that. Maybe I wanted to leave open the possibility. No need to close doors too soon, I thought.
At that moment, Bill walked into the room, his camera in hand. Anne and I rose to meet him.
"Bill, this is Anne, Brad's wife." I started the introductions. "And Anne, this is my husband Bill, the resident photographer."
"Pleased to meet you Anne. I hope tonight is as much fun as the last time Brad and Luke were here. That was one hot night." Bill said while politely shaking her hand.
"I'm so excited to be here. Brad and I have talked about this for the past several weeks. I've never done anything like this. But I so want to have a hot sexual experience. And I hope you get some great photographs." Anne said to Bill with a great amount of eagerness.
"Speaking of photographs, why don't we take some right now of you two lovely ladies?" Bill suggested.
I was dressed in a flower print top and a blue skirt. I thought Anne and I would look good together.
"Where do you want us?" I asked.
"Just standing, right here in the living room is fine." Bill replied. He lifted his camera and took a quick shot before either of us could pose.
"Not fair." said Anne.
"Tonight, just act like I'm not there. I will be taking a lot of un-staged photos."
Anne and I stood together in several poses and Bill took his photographs.
"Now face each other and hold each other, hands on the other's waist. Then turn your head to look at me." Bill directed.
We did and he took a couple of photos.
"Tilt your heads together." He said. We did. And he took a couple more.
"Now look at each other, and kiss." He said.
Now I was the one not ready for this. Anne sensed my unease.
"Relax, it's just a picture." she said.
We closed the gap between our faces until our lips met. It was a soft gentle kiss. I heard Bill's camera shutter click several times.
"That's nice." I whispered to Anne.
She pulled me a bit closer and we kissed again, our lips firmly planted on each other's and held that. It felt really nice to kiss Anne. She was a great kisser. I realized that one of my theories was that great kissers are also great lovers. Might Anne be a great lover? I felt a tingle in my pussy. Was I attracted to her?
"Okay, I got plenty of those pictures." Bill said.
Anne and I broke our kiss and stood there looking at each other. I'm sure Bill was also aware of the non-verbal interaction. I'm certain all three of us were considering the possibility of Anne and I making love at some point in the evening.
"We have about two hours until the guys arrive. Maybe we should get ready for them." I said in a breathless voice.
"Yes." Anne replied. "I need to do my hair and make-up. I also need to change my clothes."
Anne picked up her overnight bag and followed me back to the master bathroom.
"I need to send a message to Brad with the signal for your entrance." I told Anne.
She gave me Brad's cell number and I sent him a text; "This is Eve. Tonight, when I remove my dress, you need to say in a loud voice "Wouldn't it be great if Anne was here?". That is her signal to enter."
- - - - -
I felt very comfortable getting undressed in front of Anne, even if my body tingled in a strange new form of sexual attraction. We worked on each other's hair, and we helped each other with makeup. We both did an extreme cat-eye effect, her's was shades of green that went well with her blonde hair and soft pink lipstick. My eyes were in shades of blue, mostly dark, to offset my auburn hair and flame red lipstick. We looked hot, and slutty. I did notice that she was shaved completely smooth down below, just as I was.
Bill came into the bathroom with his camera to take more pictures. Anne flinched and covered herself as best she could.
"Oh, you need to get used to him and his camera." I said. "Later he will see you completely naked and having sex. Better get comfortable with him."
Anne thought just a moment about this and then threw her arms and legs out in a spread open posture. Bill gladly took more photos.
First I put on a matching set of a blue satin bra and matching thong. I wore my blue party dress which was cut low at the neckline, and had a high hemline. This accentuated my large 36D breasts and my long, shapely legs.
Anne decided to have the virginal bride look for her brother-in-law. She wore a white lace bra to cover her 36C breasts, a matching lace thong that sat perfectly on her shapely hips, a matching white lace garter belt, and white, thigh high stockings that had a slight shimmer to them. She slipped on a pair of white, 3" high heel, pumps.
"You need the white veil to match that." I said half in jest.
"I'm not that much a virgin." Anne replied and we both laughed.
"And a dress?" I asked.
"I don't need one, remember?" Anne replied. "The plan is that when you begin stripping for the boys, and remove your dress, Brad will give the signal and I will join you wearing just this."
Oh, yeah. Right." I replied.
I decided to also add a blue garter belt and black stockings to my ensemble. The last touch was my three inch black pumps. When Anne joined me in front of the brothers, we would be similarly attired, her in white and myself in blue with black.
I stood next to Anne and Bill took a few more photos.
You two are fucking hot!" Bill said. "If the brothers don't fuck you silly, I will."
"I take that as a promise." said Anne with a wink.
The doorbell rang. It was just after seven o'clock, the appointed hour.
Bill went to answer the door while I waited with Anne in the bathroom.
"Are you ready to be truly fucked tonight?" I asked.
"As many times as I can." Anne replied.
"Remember to wait for Brad to say 'Wouldn't it be great if Anne was here?' and then come out." I instructed her.
I heard Bill usher in Brad and Luke. They all sounded in great spirit and excited. Bill fetched beers for both of the brothers. Brad and Luke sat on the sofa while Bill stood. It was time to make my entrance.
- - - - -
As I strolled into the living room, Brad and Luke both leapt to their feet.
"So glad to see you two again." I said as I gave a hug and quick kiss to each.
"I cannot believe this is happening again." Said Luke, a bit wide-eyed in disbelief.
"It's happening Bro." Said Brad. "When I heard that Anne had a business trip and would be gone for the weekend. I immediately thought about the two of us coming back here."
I knew, as he knew, it was a lie about Anne. But Luke had believed it 100 percent.
"Eve is really hot." Luke began. "But you have Anne and she is also hot stuff. I bet she is a great fuck."
"You'd like to know, wouldn't you Luke?" Brad asked.
"If I had the chance. If I had the chance." Luke repeated himself while shaking his head.
"And I'm chopped liver?" I asked sarcastically, striking a sexy pose.
"Not at all. You know you're the goddess of sex." said Brad.
"Fucking Yeah!" Said Luke. "You will always be the best, Eve."
"I don't know. Sounds like Anne is also hot stuff." I replied, adding some praise for Anne.
Bill started some music and I began to dance for the brothers. They both sat down on the sofa. They whistled and cheered for me with each sexy move I made. Bill was taking lots of photographs.
The third song was a striptease number. I began my routine and soon I was removing my dress. Luke and Brad were urging me on, to take off more.
I danced provocatively in my lingerie. The guys were beginning to unbutton their shirts.
Brad spoke in a loud voice, "Wouldn't it be great if Anne was here?" he made sure Anne heard the signal.
Luke turned to Brad and said "Fucking Yeah." He turned back just in time to see the sexy Anne stroll in, wearing only her bra, thong, garter belt, and stockings.
"Hello boys." Anne said in a most sexy voice.
The brothers were both standing. Everybody froze and stared at the sexy Anne. Bill paused the music.
"What the f....?" asked Luke, stopping before finishing that last word. He looked like he'd been struck by a star.
"I've come to answer your dreams." Anne said. She stepped up to Luke and told him in a sultry voice. "I hear you want to fuck me. Tonight will be your lucky night."
"What? You're my brother's wife." Luke stammered.
Brad took hold of his brother's arm and turned Luke to face him.
"Here's the story." Brad began. "After the honeymoon, I told Anne all about our last visit here. I showed her the pictures. She thought it was incredible erotic and wished she could do this. She also told me that she had a fantasy about having sex with you. And I told her your fantasy about doing it with her. So we planned this night, with the help of Eve and Bill."
Brad paused to let this sink in. Luke just stared at Brad, then back at Anne.
"Believe it brother." Brad continued. "Tonight dreams come true."
Bill started the music again and Anne joined me in an erotic dance. We did the most sensual bump and grind on each other. The brothers cheered and drank their beers. Bill continued taking photographs.
Then the striptease continued. I took the lead and Anne mimicked each move. First we kicked off our shoes. Then I removed my bra and shook my tits in the face of Brad. Anne shook her tits in Luke's face. I unfastened my stockings, rolled off each one and draped them around Brad's neck. Anne followed and draped her stockings around Luke. We removed our garter belts.
The brothers whooped and hollered the whole time. They both loved our show.
Then Anne and I did another dance, wearing only our thongs, and rubbing our bodies over each other. I was getting so horny. The brothers had stripped down to their boxers.
Anne and I stood side by side, hip to hip, our backsides to the brothers. We bent over to give them a great view of our asses, and together we pulled down our thongs. The brothers were cheering and clapping. They pulled off their boxers and their cocks popped out, very erect.
I turned to face the brothers, my arm around Anne's waist, all of us naked.
"Three important points." I said. "First, use condoms tonight. A basket of them are on the dresser. Two, if it comes to this, keep the cum below our necks. No cum shots on our face or hair. And most important, number three, everyone have a FUCKING GREAT TIME!"
With that I grabbed Anne by the hand and we raced to the bedroom. The brothers were right behind us, as was Bill with his camera.
- - - - -
As we entered the bedroom I noticed that Anne quickly took a condom from the basket and turned in front of Luke and dropped to her knees. She stroked his cock with one hand while tearing open the condom package with her teeth and other hand. Anne deftly rolled the condom onto Luke's cock, took his cock into her mouth, and began sucking on it. Luke threw back his head and moaned out loud. I was impressed with her commitment to safe-sex, and her agile moves to quickly sheath the cock.
Anne's husband, Brad, walked up to me, pulled me into an embrace and kissed me. The kiss quickly turned passionate, mouths opens, tongues exploring the other. It felt wonderful that he wanted to begin by kissing. My arousal quickly rose. My pussy ached and I could feel my moisture leaking down my thighs. I also could feel his hard cock pressed against my belly, and hoped it would soon be inside me.
Brad walked me backwards to the foot of the bed, while never breaking our kiss. He guided me down so I sat on the end of the bed. I though he wanted me to suck his cock, which was right in front of my face. Instead he pushed me so I lay on the bed, my feet on the floor. He dropped to his knees, spread my legs, and planted his face in my crotch. His tongue felt incredible as he lapped at my wet, swollen pussy lips. I moaned out loud. Brad licked my pussy for a few glorious minutes.
"Oh, Brad, that feels wonderful. But I want you inside me." I said as I pushed his head away from my crotch.
Brad backed away, as if waiting for me to scoot up onto the bed. But I had other thoughts. Instead, I rose up to my feet, and turned him, his back to the bed.
"I want to be on top." I told Brad as I guided him down onto the bed, leaving room on the other side for Anne and Luke.
I quickly grabbed an un-lubricated condom, opened the package, and put the condom in my mouth. I had practiced rolling a condom onto Bill's cock with my mouth several times and knew he loved that. I hoped Brad would also be impressed.
Climbing onto the bed, I got between Brad's legs, took his cock into my hand and gave his a few strokes to get him hard. I looked Brad in the eyes as I lowered my head to his cock, opened my mouth and placed the rolled condom onto the tip of his cock. Pressing my tongue against the tip, I was able to force the air out of the end of the condom. Then using my lips pressed at the rolled edge of the condom, I was able to unroll the condom completely down his shaft. I slid up and down his rigid cock to press out what air pockets were left.
I looked again at Brad. He had laid his head back on the bed. He was softly moaning as I gave him one of my best blowjobs.
"Very impressive. You must teach me how to do that." I heard Anne's voice.
I had focused so much on the condom trick, I was unaware that Anne was now on the bed, laying on her back next to her husband and watching me. She was holding her husband's hand while his brother, Luke, was between her legs, eating her pussy.
"Thank you." I replied before returning to sucking her husband's cock.
"Oh Luke! That feels so good. Eat my pussy! Eat my pussy!" Anne encouraged him to do more. I could even hear the noisy slurps as Luke licked her very wet pussy. I was learning that Anne was a very noisy lover.
The sexual tension in the room, and on the bed, was rising rapidly. I needed a cock in my pussy, and Brad's cock was the most available, as it was currently in my mouth.
I raised up on my knees, straddled Brad, and moved forward until I was in position over him. Holding his cock in my hand, I aimed it at my waiting pussy and lowered myself onto him, slowly sliding down upon his cock. I bottomed out, his hard cock fully inside me, filling me. It felt so very, very good.
I looked over at Anne who was watching intently. I could tell by her breathing pattern and the expression on her face, that Luke's oral attentions to her pussy were having a powerful effect on her.
"You've never seen Brad fuck another woman, have you?" I asked her in a sultry way.
"First time. So hot!" she said as her face contorted as she experienced another other wave of pleasure in her pussy.
I began to rise and fall on Brad's cock. He was watching me with great intent and placed his hands on my tits, holding them firmly. On my downward strokes, I rocked back to maximize the pressure on my G-spot and my clit. Damn, that felt good.
Feeling a shift on the bed I turned to see Luke moving. As he prepared to fuck his sister-in-law, he shifted her on the bed so that there was more room between my legs and Anne's hips. This also turned her so that her head was closer to Brad's head. They could, and did, kiss each other while each had sex with another person. I thought this was so romantic and erotic at the same time.
As Luke spread open Anne's legs and move his cock into position, Anne became vocal again.
"Fuck me Luke. Fuck me! I know you want to do me." Anne was imploring him.
"Yes, Anne. I've wanted to fuck you ever since I first met you." Luke said as he thrust his cock fully into her in once quick motion.
"OH FUCKING GOD!" Anne screamed as Luke's cock plunged into her.
I felt Brad squeeze my tits even more while his hips were now thrusting upward, pushing his cock harder into my pussy. I rode him, and his thrusts for several minutes. I could hear Bill shooting pictures with his camera and muttering words of encouragement.
Luke and Anne were furiously fucking like there was no tomorrow. He had pushed forward, rolling her hips upward. While he lay on top, she wrapped her legs around his hips. Their combined motions caused a lot of motion on the bed, and with each of his thrusts into her pussy, her knee bumped against me.
"FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" Anne continued to scream. Each time, Luke increased the tempo of the thrusts of his cock into her.
I laid down on Brad's chest, his arms wrapped around me. As I continued rotating my hips, fucking his cock, I kissed him. Quickly the kiss became full of passion for both of us.
The room smelled of hot sex. I had a sheen of sweat on my body, as I expected the others to have as well on their bodies. There was a lot of movement on the bed, more from Luke and Anne than from Brad and me. Of the four of us, Anne was certainly the most vocal.
"OH GOD! I'M GOING TO CUM!" Anne screamed.
I sat upright, still riding Brad's cock. We both watched as Luke pushed Anne to orgasm.
"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" Anne screamed as her orgasm hit. She then suddenly put a grip on Luke, holding him tight and freezing their humping action. Luke, Brad, and I watched as her body convulsed in an intense orgasm, her eyes tightly closed, and her mouth open in a silent scream.
I had never seen another woman have an orgasm so intense. Then I realized I had never seen another woman have sex with me watching. It was an erotic event. It caused my pussy to tingle more. I wanted my own orgasm, and soon.
As Anne's orgasm receded and her body relaxed. Anne released her leg-lock on Luke and he pulled back and sat upright on his ankles, the tip of his cock still inside her pussy. He too was resting from the intensity of their intercourse.
"Make me cum, Brad." I said as I began rising and falling quickly on his cock.
Brad grabbed my hips with his hands and assisted lifting me up, and then slamming me down upon him. He also was thrusting his hips upward each time he slammed me down, thereby increasing the friction between us inside my cunt.
Our sex had become very physical. I was sweating profusely. My pussy was burning with some pain, but mostly with a hot desire for more of his cock.
"Damn! That feels good." I said to Brad. He smiled at me. I could see from his expression that he was also enjoying our shared experience.
Again I started to rock my hips on the down stroke, increasing the friction on my clit. Soon I could feel my orgasm approaching.
"Oh fuck that feels so good. I'm going to cum." I said as I was beginning to gasp for air.
I closed my eyes and focus all my attention on the sensations inside my pussy, and from my clit. Brad still was holding my hips, helping me slam down hard.
I slammed down twice more on Brad's cock.
"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" I screamed as my orgasm exploded inside my pussy and shot through all of my body.
"I'MMMMMM CUMMMMMMING!" I screamed.
My body locked in place except I was trembling all over. The burn in my pussy was incredible. My heart was racing and my head was spinning. I collapsed on Brad. I felt his arms around me. Anne was holding me as well. I lay there as my orgasm slowly subsided.
After a minute or two, Anne helped me roll off of her husband. She lay next to me as I watched Brad get up and stumble off to the bathroom.
"That was an incredible orgasm." I said to Anne. "Thank you for allowing me to fuck your husband.
"We both had great orgasms." replied Anne. Then she added, "Luke didn't cum. Did Brad?"
"No, I think they both still have hard erections. What great endurance." I said.
"I suppose they are ready for another round." Anne said. "What's your favorite position?"
"I love doggie. I love to have a cock slamming into me from behind." I replied with a sly smile.
"Me too!" Anne remarked. She quickly got on her knees, her face on the bed with her ass up towards the foot of the bed. "Get into position next to me."
I wondered if I was ready for more, and quickly realized that I did want more, a lot more. I mimicked Anne's position, kneeling close next to her.
Anne turned her head towards Brad and Luke who were standing at the foot of the bed.
"Time for another round." she announced. "Put on a clean condom and switch partners."
- - - - -
Soon Luke was behind me, sliding his cock into my wet, swollen pussy, while Brad was doing the same to his wife.
"Damn! That feels great!" Anne said.
"Fucking right." I murmured.
Then I heard Luke's voice. "Let's see who can make their partner cum first."
"You're on!" replied Brad as he began to fuck his wife while Luke began fucking me with great enthusiasm.
My pussy was still burning from my earlier orgasm on Brad's cock. As Luke slammed into me, filling my pussy, I could already feel another orgasm approaching.
"I'm going to come again, soon." I whispered to Anne as my hands clenched the sheets in a white-knuckled grasp.
As Anne's head was close to mine, she was able to kiss me, which she did. As the passion rose, our kiss became more intense, tongues exploring the other's mouth.
"That's fucking hot!" Exclaimed Luke as I could feel his cock swelling inside me. I hoped his orgasm was also near.
Brad had a tight grip on Anne's hips as he continued to pound his cock into his wife. I imagined that they had fucked this way many times, but never with another couple next to them. Our foursome appeared to increase the arousal for both of them.
"Fuck me Brad! FUCK ME BRAD!" Anne's voice grew louder. I could see that she also had a white-knuckled grip on the bed covers.
The brothers were in unison, each slamming a hard cock into a wet pussy at the same rapid pace. The bed was rocking, banging into the wall. I wondered for a moment if Jerry was home and could hear all the noise. Our bedroom was closest to his house next door.
"OhMyGod. OhMyGod." I repeated quickly while Luke was thrusting into me while grunting "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" I could feel his balls slapping on my clit. The burn in my pussy was growing rapidly. It was intense and felt so good. My breasts were hanging down, my sensitive, swollen nipples just touching the bed covers. My body was tingling all over and my head began to spin.
I felt Luke's cock quickly swell even larger inside me. His orgasm hit. He screamed as he held his cock fully inside me. I could feel it pulsing as he filled the condom with his cum.
This triggered my own orgasm. "OH FUCKING GOD!" I screamed as my body began to tremble violently, my pussy clenching tightly around Luke's cock. "OH GOD! OH GOD! OH GOD!" I kept repeating as my orgasm roared through my body. Luke just held on tight.
"Oh FUCK!" I heard Anne scream, almost directly into my ear, as she began her orgasm. Immediately I heard "OH FUCK, FUCK, FUCK!" from Brad as he and Anne froze in place. I assumed that he also was shooting cum into a condom inside her pussy.
Again the smell of sex was intense. I sensed that all our bodies were sweaty. All of us were breathing deeply.
"Fucking intense. So incredible." I said.
"Ditto that!" Anne said. "Maybe the best sex we've had. Right Honey?"
"Fucking right, Babe." Brad relied. "How about you, Bro?" he asked Luke.
"Fucking incredible." Luke replied. "I wasn't sure I would ever get Eve again. And I never thought I would do your wife, Anne. And tonight I got to bang both of them. Never expected to exceed your bachelor party, but tonight we did."
"Fucking right, brother." Brad added.
As Brad and Luke withdrew their cocks and backed off the bed, I noticed Bill standing off to the side, still taking photos. He was now naked, and his cock was as erect, as swollen, and as purple in color as I had ever seen it.
"I got a ton of great photos." He said with a huge grin on his face.
"Come over here." I told Bill as I scrambled off the bed and dropped to my knees in front of him. Immediately I was licking and sucking his big, fat cock. I so wanted to please him for allowing this evening to happen.
As I was giving Bill my best blowjob, I could see that Anne had turned on the bed, now laying on her stomach, her head just a couple of feet away as she watched me closely. Brad and Luke returned from the bathroom where they had discarded their used condoms. Brad sat on the edge of the bed, next to where his wife lay. Luke took a seat in the easy chair that was close enough to have a good view. Beside Bill, I was giving a show for the other three.
Bill handed his camera to Brad who began taking photos. I was bobbing up and down on Bill's cock, taking him to the hilt, deep throating his rod. I had his balls in my hand, fondling them. I knew Bill wouldn't last long.
Bill had his hands on my head, mostly to steady himself. He knew I had to control the tempo of the blowjob, holding the deep throat as long as I could, before pulling back to catch a breath.
"Oh Eve. You know I love the way you do that." Bill was moaning.
"That's so fucking hot!" Said Brad. Then turning to Anne he said, "When are you going to learn to do that?"
"Soon Honey, Soon." she replied.
I was so enjoying giving Bill a great blowjob, and I loved having an audience. I hoped that Brad was getting good pictures, as these may be the pics I most wanted to post online.
I could feel Bill's balls draw up, a sure sign his orgasm was near. I took one more deep breath and deep throated his cock. I continued a swallowing action, massaging his cock.
"OH FUCKING SHIT!" Bill screamed. He held my head tightly as his cock pumped load and after load of his hot sticky cum down my throat. After three blasts of cum, I had to breath. I pulled back, his cock head in my mouth and took a quick deep breath before his next shot. I held my mouth open to allow others to see his last shots of cum land on my tongue and linger in my mouth.
As Bill pulled back, I was most surprised by Anne quickly kissing me, mouths fully open as she slurped Bill's cum out of my mouth and into hers. It was so erotic that I felt a small orgasm in my pussy.
Anne pulled back, and then turned, open mouthed, to face Brad and Luke to show them Bill's cum on her tongue. Brad and Luke both cheered and slapped their thighs in excitement.
I turned her back towards me and we kissed again. Swapping the cum between our mouths until we each had swallowed some.
- - - - -
All five of us rested, naked, and sexually spent. Bill fetched bottles of water for each of us to drink. Eventually Anne, Brad, and Luke dressed and we all returned to the living room to talk before saying our goodbyes.
"What an incredible night!" said Anne. "I wanted to experience what the three of you had done the night before our marriage. I think I got about all it, except the cum bath."
"That can be arranged, some other time." Said Luke, obviously hoping he could do this again with his sister-in-law.
We all laughed, knowing his intent.
Before they left, I gave a big hug and kiss to Brad and Luke, while Bill got a hug and kiss from Anne. Then Anne and I kissed and hugged, holding both longer than necessary.
- - - - -
After they left, Bill and I went to bed. We held each other, kissed and talked about the events of the evening.
"I love you so much." I told my husband, "For everything you do for me, and everything you allow me to do."
"You know I do it because I love you so much." Bill replied. "Tonight was really hot, more than the first visit by the brothers."
"Yes, they are both very good lovers. And Anne is really hot herself." I said.
"Might you consider having sex with her, or another woman?" Bill asked.
"You know I've never expressed such desires. I must admit that I have been curious. Just not willing to go there." I answered, then I continued. "But after tonight, and the way she kissed me, I think that tide is turning."
"Oh really?" Bill asked quite eagerly.
"Oh yes." I answered as I pulled Bill over on top of me, his hard cock sliding easily into me.
"I'm a bit raw." I said. "Take me gently."
And Bill did, in a way that we both love, we fucked gently for nearly an hour. It was an hour of pure tenderness and love. Bill finally came, his hot cum pumping into my pussy, filling me with a pleasurable, warm feeling.
We fell asleep in each other's arms.
= = = = = = = = = =
Brad, Luke & Anne - Epilogue
Bill and I didn't hear from Brad and his wife Anne, or his brother Luke for a couple of months.
Then I received this email from Anne.
= = = = =
Eve,
I'm sorry it has taken so long to thank you for the fabulous night we shared with you and Bill.
That night transformed our lives. First and foremost, since then I've had more sex than I ever expected. While I admire your situation, having sex with so many men, my own situation is different, but possibly as equally sexually satisfying.
Brad and I have his brother join us for a threesome at least once a week, and some weeks it happens three or four times! The two brothers really get off on sharing me, and I enjoy the benefits of two young studs that both have incredible stamina.
I will mention that I did finally get my cum bath from Brad and Luke. The two of them produce so much cum. That was such an erotic treat.
Brad now has a job that requires him to travel once or twice a month. Luke is welcomed to stay with me during these trips, so I always have a lover available. During the most recent trip by Brad, we put a laptop with a cam and Skype connection in the bedroom so that Brad could watch Luke and I have sex. What a turn-on for all of us.
Please tell Bill that we really appreciate all the photos he provided us.
Anne
P.S. I still haven't mastered the skill of deep-throating a cock, or fully experiencing a spit-roast DP. But we keep working on it. :)