You may think this is a cliché horny brother sister story you've read here a million times. But you haven't read my twist because Dad enters the picture and reveals a lot to Cara. As always, emails, messages, votes and comments welcome. I answer all email (unless it has a pic of your dick then I delete after sending it to the dick-in-email police)
xo
DG

Cara: Brother is First Then Dad

.***.***.***.
.
JOEY
.
.***.***.***.
.
"Don't touch me like that."
"I'm not touching; I'm putting sunblock on you. Like you asked," reminding my sister she asked for it.
"You know what I mean."
We were on the dock at the lake the summer after we graduated high school. Where our family spent every summer as far back as I can remember. The cabin by the lake. But the only difference this time? It was just us two.
"I have to touch your ass to spread this stuff."
"Just don't touch me like that."
"Like what?!"
She pulled her sunglasses down on her nose and looked at me over her shoulder. I looked right at her while I smoothed my hand up her thigh to her ass. Which was mostly bare because of the skimpy bikini she wore.
"My butt."
"Sis, your bikini hardly covers your ass. Sunscreen goes on bare skin. What do you expect?" I trailed my fingers along the bikini line down between her legs a bit, then flattened my hand and rubbed it down her inner thigh. "Then you get your ass burnt, then it'soh it hurts so much Joey can you put sunburn lotion on please?"
"Joey get your horny hands off of me!" she snapped.
My sister Cara was over a year older, and it was only in the last few years we appreciated each other. We're almost best friends. But this was this summer I realized how hot Cara is.
"You say horny like it's a bad thing," I murmured, sliding my lotion-slick hand up her other leg.
"Oh, for god's sake," she grumbled and went back to her book.
"Is that some hot porn disguised as one of those romance novels?" She sighed loudly.
This time when I got to her ass she didn't complain, so I ran my fingers along the edge to between her legs, to barely brush the damp thin knit that clung to each swollen lip.
"It must be. Or maybe it's me that's making you wet, hmm."
I hesitated, waiting for her to say something, so when she didn't, I did it again. This time her thighs parted, just slightly. I applied more pressure, and she kept reading, ignoring me.
Deciding not to press my luck, I dripped more creamy coconut sunscreen in my hand and smoothed it over her back. A tiny white string was tied center back, the other tied behind her neck. I pushed her thick blonde braid over her shoulder.
My cock was nearly splitting my board shorts and I reached in to adjust it, giving it a little stroke. I moved closer to her so that my thigh was along her hip. The bikini bottoms were cut low and barely covered her crack. The same tiny white ties held it at each hip.
I flattened my hand and smoothed the lotion from the top of her bikini bottoms to her shoulders. She put her book down and laid her cheek on it, facing away from me. I decided to turn it into more of a massage. At least until she bit me again.
My thumb followed her spine, my fingers wrapped around her side slightly as I stroked again, only applying more pressure. My fingers snagged on the ties, and I took a chance and pulled the string. They snapped away and fell to her sides. I hesitated, waiting for objections.
Rubbing the cream between my hands I repeated, tracking both thumbs up her spine to her shoulders and upper arms. On the return down, I wrapped my fingers around her sides a fraction and slowly eased down to the rise of her ass.
Feeling more confident, I again moved my fingers further around her sides and the tips of my fingers caught the bulge of her soft tits that were squashed under her body.
Thirty-eight double D. I knew this to be fact because I snuck into her room, riffled through her drawers, and looked at her bras.
Getting another feel of the sides of her tits made my balls start to ache. One more pass even lower and I enjoyed the full outer curve of her breasts.
"Joey," she said in a warning voice.
Busted.
I relaxed on my back; my head propped on a towel. It was later in the morning, and no one was on the lake fishing. The little boats were out earlier and gone already.
A fish splashed nearby and Cara pushed up on her elbows, affording me an even better view of her fantastic tits. Unbelievably she sat up, and when she did her bikini top swung out baring everything but her nipples. She held the cups underneath each full globe, ran her finger around her back, and deftly tied it behind her.
I was always amazed at how women could do that. Just hook their bras behind them as if it was nothing. Sometimes I fumble to get my jeans buttoned.
Before we had lunch, she slipped on an oversized wife beater and her bikini bottoms. The armholes were cut below her tits. Surely designed to tease me I knew.
After we ate, I went to my room to quietly relieve my blue balls and nap. When I woke, she was gone, and I saw her down at the dock again. I showered and by that time she was back. I ran my fingers through my tight brown curls and called it good.
"Want to watch a movie?" I nodded. "You find one, I'll make popcorn."
She came back, set the bowl in my lap, and stretched out on the sofa, her head on my thigh where she could conveniently reach behind her for the popcorn.
I chose a movie that I thought she might like, a romantic comedy. Turned out it was heavy on the romance right from the start.
When I placed the empty bowl on the floor, I put my hand on her shoulder. The oversized wifebeater exposed more than it covered, so finding her warm skin was easy.
My thumb was on her shoulder, my fingers on her chest and just starting the rise of her breast. I absently rubbed my thumb on her shoulder as we watched. She rolled to get her glass on the floor, took a drink, then rolled back enough so half of my hand was over her breast.
I fluttered my fingers lightly and softly as a test. The side of my hand was an inch away from her nipple and I wanted to slide it over and palm her nipple, but I knew that would make her bite me again, so I resisted the urge. I wanted to keep her compliant.
The movie got into full-blown naked humping intimacies and my cock began to grow. Which happened to now be directly under her head. Nothing I could much do, so I went with it.
I trailed my fingers back on forth across the exposed skin on her tit. Her nipple was hard and pushed through the white knit.
I purposely pushed the wifebeater aside to reveal more of her breast and continued the light strokes across the rise of her tit, the side of my hand just grazing her bullet size nipple. I continued like that for a few minutes concentrating on the movie that was really firing up now. Hallmark movie of the week it wasn't.
I picked up my drink and when I placed it back on the table, I moved back enough that her nipple was under my hand. I just kept up the movement of my fingers for now as her nipple dug into my palm.
The movie scene switched to full-blown mount her and fuck the hell out of her grunting, moaning, screaming sex and suddenly Cara grabbed my forearm. I stopped and was ready for her to move my hand, but she pushed her nipple harder into my palm and my arm down, exerting more pressure on her tit.
I flattened my hand and palmed her nipple with enough pressure she'd feel through the shirt. She pushed her tit into my hand again and my fingers flexed around the solid mound. While the blazing scene played out, I began to tease her nipple with my fingers, tugging them longer and harder. They pushed out the thin knit lewdly and I twisted and pinched, while I cupped as much of her tit in my hand as I could.
She released her grip on my forearm, so I could move my hand. I slipped it under the wifebeater and only had the brief bikini top to contend with. I eased it aside and bared her nipple, nearly groaning aloud as I tugged on it. The rapid rise and fall of her chest pushed her half-bared tit into my hand.
As she arched, her head pressed against my cock, making it throb.
Suddenly headline news blared. The movie had ended, and local news began, effectively throwing cold water on us.
Cara swung her legs to the floor, stood up, and said, "Seeya in the morning Joey."
I jumped in the shower and got some relief. Just some.
.
.
The next morning Cara was putting breakfast together in the kitchen and woke me up. Bleary-eyed, I wandered out in my shorts and poured a cup of coffee. I watched her work around the kitchen, baggy not close to being a sexy nightgown, but because I knew what was under it, my cock sprang to attention.
After a few sips of the hot brew, I asked, "Anything I can do?"
"You can start the bacon if you want."
"What are you planning today, anything?" I asked.
"Nothing. Same. Relaxing before I have to go back to work." Her blue eyes pinned me. "What about you?"
"Same. I didn't plan anything. To be honest, when Mom and Dad said they weren't going to be here, I was okay with that. I just wanted to do the same. Relax. That muscle pull in my leg is bothering me again, so I want to take it easy because of that."
She nodded. "Same here."
She gathered the plates and filled the sink. I picked up the dirty dishes from the counter and reached around her to add them to the sudsy water. She moved back just as I did that, and my perpetually hard cock rubbed against her ass.
"Sorry," she mumbled, not moving.
"No problem. You're good," I said, pushing against her and trapping her between myself and the sink.
"Joey," she said.
I looked over her shoulder. Her nightgown was stretched tight across her tits, revealing those bullet-hard nipples poking through. I wrapped my hands around her upper arms and rubbed, the backs of my fingers and knuckles grazing the sides of her tits.
"What," I said, barely a whisper. I pressed my throbbing cock into her firm ass.
"We can't," she said, more firmly.
My fingers pressed more into her tits as I rubbed.
"We're not," I said, still rubbing, moving incrementally closer to her nipples.
"You are."
"I'm not," I argued, feeling her ass pressing against my dick.
"Cara," I whispered.
Her shoulders relaxed back against me; her breasts thrust into my hands. I twirled and pinched the bullet nipples through her nightgown. I heard her soft moan.
Suddenly music started playing and broke through my haze. She pushed me back and went over to pick up her cell phone.
"It's Mom and Dad."
I left the room to let her field the call from them. My balls ached and I was in no mood.
.
.
When I looked later, she was down on the dock again with her beach bag, hat, and towel. The black bikini covered even less of her ass than the one yesterday, the cups barely would have covered her nipples.
I threw a towel over my shoulder and headed down the path to the lake. It was early enough that a few fishermen were nearby in boats but doing more ogling than fishing.
Cara bent over to spread her towel giving them a boner-hardening view of her ass, then turned, and leaned over to get her book out of the beach bag while letting her tits swing free and threaten to come out of the tiny triangles.
"You're giving those guys a real thrill, sis," I said, laughing, dropping my towel on the dock.
"That may be the only thrill they get today," she grinned, picking up the sunscreen.
She stood, and by bending and twisting and reaching spread sunscreen on as much of herself as she could. I sat on my towel and watched her and the guys in the boats, trying to decide who was more entertaining. I got up and dove into the water off the edge of the dock and swam out a bit, then back.
I came up, shook my head, and sprayed water everywhere. Cara squealed when the drops hit her hot skin.
"Oh, sorry," I said, grinning.
"Like hell," she said, laughing.
"I could pull you in."
"You better not!"
I looked around and saw the audience was gone and it was just us two again. Cara had her eyes closed. I swam to the edge, quickly scooped her into my arms, and pushed us both back into the cool water.
She screamed and tried to wiggle free but I had my arms tightly around her.
"You're gonna get it, Joey," she warned.
She had to put her arm around my neck as I let her lower body into the water. The buoyancy of the water floated her against me, her tits bashing into my chest. I looked down and one of the cups had slid aside and bared her nipple. It was dark and long, hard as a bullet.
"Cold water," she said.
"Sure."
She bobbed against me again, her nipple rubbing my chest. She was still hanging on my neck, so I slid my hands down her back and cupped her bare ass.
"Joey."
"Cara," I said, kneading her firm ass. "You have a great ass."
Her long eyelashes swept her cheeks, hiding her eyes. We heard voices and another boat was coming around the corner. I moved her top to cover her nipple, but not before I got a tweak and tug in. We swam apart and climbed onto the dock.
The hot sun dried our bodies and we napped. When I woke, they had their catch and ogle for the day and were gone. We were alone again. I moved and my thigh muscle cramped again. I tried to rub it out and grabbed the sunscreen for lubricant on my skin.
"Did you pull it again," Cara said, her voice low and gravely with sleep.
"Yeah. Dammit."
She rose to her knees. "Lay back."
Cara straddled my leg, rubbed sunscreen between her palms, and began to massage from my knee up my thigh to under my shorts.
"Oh god that feels good," I moaned. "Like a real massage."
She laughed. "Well yeah. Your muscle is tight, Joey."
She continued the long firm strokes until she felt my muscle soften.
"Oh yeahhhh," I moaned, when I felt my whole leg relaxing.
Her soft hands pushed under my shorts a little more on each stroke. My cock had been hard and lolling off to the side. She rubbed a little more, then I felt her hands higher under my shorts. I squeezed my eyes shut, willing her not to stop.
The next stroke and her fingers brushed my balls and I jerked. She continued on. Long very slow strokes up my legs, her fingers pressing more into my balls as she worked.
"Cara," I whispered.
"Joey."
I opened my eyes. She was on her knees, her breasts hanging between her arms as she worked. The tiny triangles barely covered her nipples but bared those fantastical breasts.
"Fuck, you look so sexy like that," I said, squinting into the sun.
"You just like my tits."
"Oh, I do. I do. They drive me crazy you know."
As she massaged, they swayed beneath her. She pressed her arms together, which pushed them tight, working the triangles even smaller. She smiled watching me.
"Oh my god, those nipples. They're like bullets. And so fucking hard."
Her fingernails scratched my balls and I moaned. Her hand moved up further and her fingers brushed my throbbing cock.
"Oh fuck, Cara. Touch me," I begged.
She continued to tease me. Her soft fingers wrapped around my hot steel cock, and she thumbed the precum over the tip.
She raised onto her knees and pushed my shorts up to expose my cock and balls. It was lewd and obscene and driving me fucking crazy to be hanging out like that in public.
She looked around. "I wonder if anyone can see your cock?" She held it up and began to run her hand up and down the length. "What if they knew it was your sister with her hands on your dick? Where just anyone could see."
I moaned louder. Her words. Her touch was driving me into a frenzy. She stroked faster and my ass thrust up, driving my cock through her hands.
"Oh fuck. Don't stop. I'm going to cum," I groaned.
All that teasing built up until now. I couldn't stop it if I wanted. My orgasm hit me light a freight train. I shouted and began to pump out arcs of cum. I vaguely heard my sister's voice but I was lost. When I finally was able to open my eyes I saw Cara. Her tits were bared with white pearls of cum splattered all over them.
I groaned while I watched her rub it into her skin and lick her fingers.
She tossed her top on her towel, gathered everything, and walked up the bath to the house. Her tits are bare and exposed to anyone watching.
.
.
We ate and she went to shower, coming back out in the same baggy ass nightgown.
"Movie?" she asked.
"Sure. You pick," I said.
She flipped through the channels and stopped. I didn't know this one, so it too would be a surprise.
She plopped down on the sofa with her head on my thigh again. The nightgown was oversized and showed no skin, which I suppose was her point.
There was no place to put my hand, so it went on her upper arm. The movie was good, but no hint of anything sexual. I didn't know if I was disappointed or relieved.
Bored, I trailed the tips of my fingers on her soft skin. The loose sleeve easily pushed up and I softly stroked from her inner arm to her shoulder. Her night was loose over her breasts, but her nipples began to harden as I caressed her.
I began to stroke the sensitive underside of her arm. She leaned over and picked the changer up and went to another movie. When she rolled back, my hand slipped inside the arm of her gown. Her skin was warm and soft from her shower. The sweet scent of blooming flowers drifted up.
The movie started and it was clearly adult themed.
"She looks like you, Cara."
"Yeah, she does."
As the actress took her clothes off, I added, "Nah, but her tits aren't nearly as hot as yours."
"Joey!" She half-scolded me and I could tell that she loved it.
"What? It's true," I said, lightly running my fingers over her breast.
"Mmm, Joey," she moaned and half scolded, but I knew she loved it.
"And look, she's totally shaved. Although I don't know about you."
She sighed, loudly.
I twirled my finger around her nipple, then tugged it longer. Fuck, her nipples were like baby bottle nipples.
"Well, I'm not," she said quietly.
I felt my pulse racing at the thought.
Gently, I ran my fingers around the underside of her breast. A trick I'd learned from an ex-girlfriend - who told me that women usually find this area extra sensitive.
Cara gasped softly as my hand moved to the second breast and pressed against it while slowly tugging on its nipple.
"His dick isn't as nice as yours," she said, watching the screen.
"Thank you."
"It's not. Yours is fatter. And those veins are hot."
My cock throbbed at her compliment.
"My dick likes what you said."
"Yeah?" she said, then her breath hitched when I fondled her breast.
I toyed with her breasts as we watched more of the movie. This was clearly much more adult themed, and they were regularly fucking and stayed naked the rest of the time.
"Did you pick this movie because of the sex?"
"Yeah."
"Thought so," I said, tweaking her nipples. She giggled.
"I figured you'd like to see tits and pussy and this movie looked like it has lots of them."
"I do. But I have better right here in my hands."
"Mmmm," she moaned softly. "Imagine if Mom and Dad could see us now."
"Oh my god, there'd be hell to pay.You get your hands off your sister's tits right now!"
She laughed. "What if they saw you cumming all over my tits on the dock today?" she said, laughing even harder.
"What's wrong with you son?! Letting your sister jerk you off like that!" We were nearly in hysterics talking about it.
The movie continued to get hotter and heavier, and they were in a good fuck on the bed. I went back to fondling her tits and playing with her nipples. As she watched and with my manipulations, she began to undulate her body. I could feel her chest moving with her soft panting.
She raised her knees and her gown slid down and pooled at her hips. She spread her thigh and pulled her gown back onto her stomach. I moaned when I saw the blonde tuft of hair. She moved her hand between her legs, and I could tell she was stroking her clit and sweet pussy.
"Oh, Cara honey," I breathed.
She pushed her hips up at the same time the actress did when he entered her. She rubbed her pussy at the same pace the actor fucked on the screen.
I pulled my cock out and began to stroke at the same tempo. I watched Cara's tits bouncing as she rocked her hips. The actress's moans and Cara's combined filling the room obscenely.
Cara pushed higher and I watched her wet fingers sliding in and out, her hand fingering her clit. She was panting and groaning louder and faster. I increased my tempo. Cara shouted out and my body jerked and spasmed through a fantastical orgasm.
"Holy fuck," she breathed.
All I could do was groan. I was spent.
After a few moments, I did say, "Well you aren't totally shaved. I told you that you were hotter than her."
"Joey!"
.
.
The next morning, we went into the nearby town to pick up some groceries. It was more of an oversized convenience store instead of a full-blown grocery store. Fortunately, we weren't picky and found enough to last us out the week. We picked up some beer and after they checked both of our IDs, they were satisfied we were old enough to drink, they sold it to us.
It was drizzling and miserable when we got back to the cabin. We put the groceries away.
"I'm going to go read," Cara said, heading to her bedroom.
I lay on the sofa flipping through the channels and finding nothing. I must have dozed because the sun was out and lower in the sky. I got up to look for Cara.
Her book was upside down next to her on the bed, where she was curled up sleeping. She was under the covers, and I had no idea what she was wearing. I stood next to the bed and dropped my clothes into a pile, pulled back the covers, and slipped in.
I carefully moved towards the heat of her body. Her soft even breathing told me she was still asleep, and in one move I spooned in behind her. I carefully moved my hand and laid it on her bare skin. My cock surged nearly doubling me over.
I pressed against her back. My cock slipped between her legs, and I wrapped my arm around her.
She slowly came awake and looked over her shoulder.
"Joey."
I moved her blonde hair out of the way and nuzzled her neck. I flattened my hand on her bare stomach and held her while I moved in closer.
"Mmm, better," I whispered.
"Joey, this is dangerous," she murmured, gasping as I gathered a tit in my hand.
"Yes, these are incredibly dangerous," I said, kneading. She moaned and arched. "Your breasts are so sensitive. I love it." I palmed the hard nipples. "I want to suck them. Would you let me do that, honey?"
She rolled back and I moved, giving her room. She slid her arm under my head. I slowly pulled the sheet down to reveal her bare tits. I swallowed hard.
"Damn, Cara," I murmured. "Those nipples..."
"Need your mouth, Joey."
I leaned over and took one into my mouth and sucked on it like it would give me sustenance for life. She squeezed her tits together and I went from one nipple to the other and back and forth. She shuddered and moaned.
I touched between her legs and she was soaking wet. I moaned around the hard bullet and stroked between the soft wet folds. Her hips rocked and she arched her back. I slipped two fingers inside her. Her clit was as long and hard as her nipples and she jerked at every touch.
"Don't stop," she gasped, and I picked up the rhythm.
I buried my face between those plump firm breasts and would stay there until I suffocated if I could. Suddenly her cunt contracted around my fingers, she cried out and flowed copious amounts of hot juice on my hand.
I kissed down her stomach and buried my mouth in her sweet blonde curls. I teased the hard clit with the tip of my tongue, and she cried out. She ground her cunt against my face wanting more I began the rhythmic flicking taking her higher and higher. I wanted her to explode on my face. I wanted her to go off in a million sparks.
And she did just that.
"Joey."
I moved up and gathered her in my arms. She rolled face to face and threw her leg over my hip. My cock was hard and probed. I quivered holding back, waiting until she was ready to join us.
"We can't, Joey. We can't fuck. It's not right."
I groaned and dropped my head so we were forehead to forehead.
"Cara. Honey. I need you really bad."
"I know. I need you too. But it's not right. We're brother and sister. I shouldn't even be naked in bed with you."
I rolled onto my back and looked at the ceiling.
"You're right. But I've never cum as hard as when you did it for me. And seeing my cum on your tits. God how I love those tits." I put my forearm over my eyes. "I want to taste you. I want to fuck your tits. Watch my cock slide through, my balls rubbing on your soft skin." She moaned. "And I want to be inside you. Your cunt tight on my cock. Buried deep inside you."
"Joey."
I felt the bed move and figured she left, but the sheet slid off the bed. I watched her crawl across the bed on her hands and knees. Her tits hanging heavy. She watched me as she moved between my legs.
"Oh god, Cara." My voice was hoarse with excitement.
She sucked one of my balls into her hot steamy mouth and I moaned. She watched me from under her eyelashes as she nuzzled my balls, then sucked on the other one. I was already panting. I didn't know how I'd last.
She licked from my balls to the tip of my cock, twirling her tongue on the precum that was running out of the hole. I felt the vibration of her moan and she sucked the head into her mouth. I was having a hard time keeping my eyes open. My cock in my sister's mouth was the most exquisite feeling. Like nothing I'd ever felt. No one had come close to her mouth on me.
She runs her lips down the shaft until I felt the head in the back of her throat. I moaned and gave in to the sensations. The grazing of her teeth up and down the shaft. The vacuum of her mouth from soft to hard. Her tongue twirled and scrubbed the sensitive skin of my cock.
My balls were in her hand and she gently bounced them, then scratched with her long fingernails and I groaned louder. Her mouth on my cock and her manipulations on my balls was driving me over the edge.
"Oh fuck honey, make me cum. Your mouth feels so good..."
My hips spontaneously rocked, wanting to fuck her mouth with my cock. She sucked hard and let me thrust in and out, setting the pace. Fucking her mouth.
I gripped the sheets and grimaced as the tension built into my body. I grunted hard when I knew it was coming. I exploded in the back of her throat, grunting with each pump of my hot seed.
She swallowed all I had, then licked my cock clean before moving up next to me. I pulled her to my side.
"Fuck." I gasped. "Fuck fuck fuck. What you do to me, Cara. You're right. My sister isn't supposed to make me cum harder than any girlfriend I've ever had. My sister isn't supposed to turn me on more than anyone I've ever been with."
I was as limp as a noodle and couldn't have moved if I wanted. She took it all out of me. Physcially and emotionally. This is my sister. I can't have feelings for her beyond what's expected. I sure can't let her give me a hard-on every time she's around. I can't always think about testing her, sliding my fingers in her wet cunt, and certainly burying myself in her.
She was right. Us fucking wasn't right.
.
.
That evening I watched a movie and she stayed in her room and read a book.
The next morning, I was up before her and started breakfast. Bacon was done and I was waiting for the eggs when she came in and poured a cup of coffee.
"Do you need some?" she asked.
"Yeah, I could stand---" I started to say until I looked over my shoulder.
The thin-knit wifebeater that she wore over her bikini last, she now wore without the bikini. Her breasts pushed out through the white knit until it was tissue paper transparent. Long bullet nipples wantonly grew longer as I watched. When she turned to put the coffee on the table, I saw she only wore a tiny white thong.
I don't know if this was her way of teasing me or not, but I got the eggs and bacon on the table, and we sat down to eat.
Her tits were above the table level distracting me. Her nipples stayed erect like bullets. And she acted as though it was any other morning. I was confused but enjoyed the moment.
When we were done, she cleared the table and I stayed seated because my dick had grown out of my shorts, and to be honest, I really didn't know what was going on.
I heard the dishes rattle as she loaded the dishwasher, then the low growl and the water gushing in.
Her hand was on my shoulder, and I looked up.
She stepped in front of me, hooked her fingers in her panties, and shimmied them down her legs.
"Cara," I said, watching her.
"Joey," she smiled, pointedly looking at my lap.
I quickly shoved my shorts down and kicked them away. My dick stood up, waving for attention.
She placed her hands on my shoulder and straddled my lap. She reached down and held my cock, rubbing it through her wet slit. She lowered, just taking the head in. I held her waist, leaving her to control it all. It was a big decision she made, and I wanted her to carry it through.
Her eyes slammed shut when she started to lower herself onto my cock. I did too when I felt her tight cunt engulf my cock. She ground down and took me as deep inside herself as she could.
Her head fell back, her lips slightly parted as she rocked and squeezed my cock. Her fingers dug into my shoulders and a low mew began.
Her pussy gripped my cock even tighter, and I knew I was cumming soon. The waves that went through her in turn squeezed my cock. I shuddered, shouted, and released my load into my sister.
It couldn't have been any better.
.***.***.***.
.
CARA
.
.***.***.***.
"Joey!"
"What? I'm helping you shower."
"If Mom or Dad catch us, they'll kill us," I warned. I really couldn't imagine how they'd react, but I didn't want to know. "It's not like we're by ourselves at the cabin anymore," I scolded him. For what that was worth.
"Dad would love it I bet," he said.
His soap-slick hands were running all over my body distracting me from what he said.
"Oh god, these tits," he growled, chewing on my nipples. I moaned shoving my tits into him.
It had been a week since we were back from the cabin and the last time we fucked and were both horny as hell.
"Fuck me, Joey!"
He pushed me against the wall, cupped my ass and I wrapped my legs around him. I buried my face in his neck to muffle my moan when his fat cock slid inside me. He hissed through his teeth and began to pound into me. My nails dug into his back and I started to cum. I muffled my screams against his shoulder while my cunt convulsed on his cock.
He grunted hard, shoved in deep, and unloaded his hot cum.
"Phew," I said, letting my legs slide to the floor. "Now get out of here before someone catches us."
.
.
"I have to go help Bub get Mama in the nursing home," Mom announced that night at dinner. "I don't know how long I'll be gone. A week maybe. I can't let my brother do it all."
She arranged to leave early the following morning. Joey had classes so Dad said he'd take her to the bus terminal. She spent the evening showing me what was in the freezer to make for dinner and worried that we wouldn't have enough to eat.
"We'll be fine, Mom. Go and don't worry about us."
The next morning, I got up and saw Joey's bed empty which meant he'd left for class. Dad took her and then would go to work from there, so I had the house to myself.
I waited for the pot to stop dripping and poured a mug of coffee.
"I hope you made enough for your old man." I jumped hearing his voice.
"I thought you were gone. You scared me," I poured him a mug and placed it on the table.
He still stood in the doorway, his hair on end like he'd had a night of wild sex, his silky white sleep pants were slung low, barely caught by his hip bones, and the fly was parted to tease the darkness inside. I averted my eyes and leaned on the counter to finish my coffee.
Only when I felt his eyes on me did I remember that I wore the thin white knit wifebeater and panties. It wasn't like I expected him to be here, I thought. Too late to do anything now.
He sat at the table, his fly gaping and I looked into my mug and swirled the coffee. He drained his cup and clunked it on the table.
"How about another round, Kittycat." His nickname for me is from when I was a kid and found a mama cat and all her babies on the back porch and wanted to keep them all. Pussycat, Pussy, or Kitty.
I picked up the pot and went over to pour it. His legs were spread wide, so I had to step between them to reach his mug. His cock was getting hard and pushing his pants, right next to the fly. Any movement and it would grow out of the opening.
"Just like your Grandma," he said, wistfully.
I set the pot on the table. "What do you mean?"
"Your figure. You have her tits and hips."
"She was beautiful," I agreed, thinking back to her.
She was only fifteen years older than my Dad and had the same figure as far back as I can remember. She did have big breasts, which I must have inherited because my Mom had nothing. She only died a couple of years ago. Suddenly. Of a heart attack. When I would be out with her, everyone mistook her for my Mom. She was a beauty for sure.
She always said the one that knocked her up planted his seed and left. She never married and was a single Mom back when times were really tough.
"I miss her. She taught me so much." He was lost in memory and sounded sad.
I leaned over and hugged him around the shoulders. "I'm sorry Daz. I miss her too."
Daz was my childhood nickname for him. I tried to call him Dads, and it came out Daz. It stuck.
"I know baby," He said, running his hand up my side. "But you're so much like her. You make memories of her vivid."
I couldn't help but glance at his fly. His cock had pushed it into a mountain in his lap. The edge was caught on the tip of his cock and there was a wet spot in the white silk from precum. I felt a tingle between my legs in response.
I went over to the sink to rinse my cup, and he brought his.
He stood next to me for a bit. Not touching, but I could feel his body heat. I turned to look at him. He slowly raised his hand and trailed his fingers over my shoulder and my neck to caress my cheek.
"You're so beautiful, Cara. I can't believe I made a gorgeous woman like you." He ran his thumb across my full lips and they automatically parted. "You're responsive. I knew you would be. You are your Father's daughter." He smiled.
"You know your grandmother taught me how to please women." His fingers lightly trailed down my neck and followed the edge of the wifebeater across the rise of my breasts.
"She did—You---" I was attempting to make sense of what he said.
"We fucked." He looked at me. "Are you shocked?"
I thought back. I often found them hugging but realize now they were embracing. They would whisper or move apart quickly when I came around.
"Not really. Not shocked. She was sexy and you're a sexual man."
He raised his eyebrows. "You think I'm a sexual man?"
"I do," I admitted.
"Oh pussycat," he breathed another one of my nicknames and it sounded like a caress, and it hardened my nipples and he didn't miss that.
He traced the armholes of the wifebeater that cut out on my tits so that the edge was only an inch or two from my nipples. His touch was feather-light and unbelievably arousing.
"I saw you with her. In your bed. You told me you were napping."
"I remember," he said softly, his eyes following his touch. "You had just graduated and I wanted to bring you into bed with us."
"Mmm."
He looked at me. "What if I had done that?" He hesitated. "Or me. What if you would have seen me alone in bed naked? Would you have joined me?"
"Yes."
"Really? Even if you found this under the sheet?" he said, his hand waving over his hard cock. "It would have been for you. When you graduated, I saw you had blossomed into such a strikingly sexual woman."
"Yes. I know you'd never mean me any harm."
"Oh kitty," he sighed. "Not the harm you mean, but maybe another way."
I was mesmerized by his touch. By the sexual connotations of our conversations.
"Sex? You wouldn't have harmed me by that."
"Not if I'd have fucked you? Have you ever considered your Dad's dick inside you?" he said, his tone stronger.
"No."
"Not until now?" he asked. "Did you ever see me as a man that wanted you?"
"Maybe."
"You've been looking at my dick all morning. You know what I want little kitten."
"I do." I looked down and his cock still had his pants tented. The front wet circle enlarged and wet with precum. I shuddered.
This was so much more intense than anything I had with Joey. He stroked my bare midriff under my shirt and above my panties.
"So had I brought you into my bed what would you have done?"
He ran his fingers across the top of my panties, and it was so distracting I had trouble concentrating on what he said.
"It depends." I hesitated. "On if your cock was hard or not."
He smiled. "Oh, it would have been hard. It's usually like this around you, my beautiful Cara." I looked at him. "You didn't know you can get me hard just by an innocent look or touch?" I shook my head. "Well, you can. You have me wrapped around your little finger like any daughter does her Dad."
"So, you would have fucked me if I'd gotten into bed with you that day?"
"Only if you wanted it. I certainly would have pulled you close to me so I could feel your soft body against mine. You'd feel my rough skin against your softness." He was so close to me I could feel the waves of heat off his body.
A thick mat of curls that narrowed to a V until it disappeared in his pants. I tentatively touched the curls and then buried my fingers in. He gasped as I wove my fingers through the thick curls. His nipples hardened and poked through the thickness.
"Mmm."
"My nipples are as sensitive as yours, love. I was blessed with many erogenous zones."
I touched them and heard his sharp intake of breath. The power was almost overwhelming. That I could make a man respond to my touch like that. I felt like a virgin again.
He tucked his fingers into the elastic waist and ran them around to my hips, then back. Then trailed his fingers back up and under the hem of my shirt. I shuddered as he got closer to my breasts.
"So responsive," he whispered in my ear. "What I want to do is caress the sensitive underside of your breasts with my lips so you would feel my beard and mustache." I moaned softly. "Brushing your nipples with my beard and mustache. The pleasure will be excruciating, pussy." His breath was soft puffs in my ear as he talked.
I gripped the curls on his chest as I swayed.
He kissed down my jaw to my lips. "Oh baby girl, you don't know how long I've wanted to do this," he murmured, pressing his lips against mine.
I melted into his body, his hard cock throbbed between us, and my nipples hardened into bullets and ached so badly I ground them into his chest.
We ate at each other's mouths as though we both were waiting for this moment. After what seemed like an hour, he growled and pulled away.
"Come," he said, taking my hand.
He led me into their bedroom and through to the bath. He reached in and started the water.
He slowly peeled my shirt up and over my head, revealing my tits to him. He groaned. He hooked his fingers in my panties and pushed them down.
I reached for him. His cock had finally escaped and lewdly poked through the opening. It was the hottest thing I'd ever seen, and my pussy tingled and clenched with anticipation.
He smiled and stepped into the shower. It was small, our bodies rubbed against each other. The slick soap added to the eroticism. Our skin was hot. His hard body against my soft was inflaming. His cock pointed out and poked and probed insisting on finding the entrance to rapture.
He ran the edge of his hand between my globes and I quivered at how good it felt, he did it again and I cried out.
"My pussycat," he said.
I did the same to him and he groaned, leaning against the shower wall. I soaped his balls, thick with hair, two oversized balls in a low-hanging pouch. His cock was average length, but big around and thickly veined. It sprouted from a nest of thick curls.
He stroked, caressed, and fondled all my erogenous zones until I was a quivering mess. Then he used the shower head to stroke, caress, and fondle my body until I was flaming.
"Daz, please, I need you," I whimpered.
He toweled me and led me to the bed.
"Do you want me to fuck you in your Mom's bed?" he asked. I blinked, considering the connotations.
"You want to fuck me in your wife's bed because you'll get off on the taboo of it all, won't you? You're probably imagining how hot and dirty it will be for you. Your cock twitches just thinking about it, doesn't it?"
Seeing the lusty pools of fire in his eyes, I went on, "Then the fantasy of Mom walking in on us would excite you even more than fucking me here. You can picture it in your mind: her face when she rushes into the room and finds us, her husband and daughter, naked and sweaty, tangled together on top of her covers."
He groaned, trembling he lowered me to the bed and followed me down. I needed no foreplay. I'd had hours of it this morning, I just needed my Dad's cock inside me.
I spread my legs and he moved into their soft welcoming cradle. This wasn't the time for covering the Kama Sutra. I wanted to see his face the first time he exploded inside his daughter.
He pushed his fat cock into me, and I groaned loudly. It was thick and stretched my walls. It was such a delicious pain pleasure, I cried out. He ground in, and I rocked up, taking him deeper.
He growled and began to fuck me. I met each thrust. Our bodies pounded together lewdly. My tits jerked and bounced on my chest and he fucked me hard and fast. We were on a rocket ship that was out of our control. His eyes were lust filled and he watched me.
I kneaded my tits together and inched my nipples. He growled louder for more and I continued, while I pushed up to take him deeper and harder.
"Oh fuck baby girl," he shouted.
I heard the hunger and need and felt his passion and sexuality. He gave all he had and took all he needed.
I shouted out and felt as though I was flying off a mountain. The freefall of pleasure and the fulfillment of feeling his hot seed spreading through me. Seed that he made me with.
I grabbed his ass and dug in, off again on his cock, arching and straining until pure pleasure.
He lowered himself on me, supporting on his elbows. I held his cock in me as long as I could.
"You are your Father's daughter," he said, looking into my eyes.
"You made me cum harder and with more pleasure than anyone has, Daddy."
"Oh baby, you've never called me that and this was the perfect time."
We kissed and kept kissing while he rolled off me and pulled me against him. I rolled until I was half on him, my thigh between his legs. I couldn't get enough of him.
"I need more. You."
"And I need more. You too, baby girl. We have so much more ahead of us."
We dozed for a while.
"Tell me how it started with her."
He hugged me closer and looked at the ceiling.
"Hmm, you like hearing about that, do you? We are a family that loves taboo."
"Yes, you know Joey and---"
"I do, he told me. Perfect."
"I'm glad you're not mad."
He kissed me passionately again. "It was my high school graduation party. She had set up a big thing in our backyard. We had a pool, so it was fantastic for parties. Mom wore a bikini and every guy there hit on her. She looked hot as hell and I would never have admitted it then, to her or anyone, but I was just as hot for her."
"Mmm."
"The party ended, and my balls were aching from the hard-on I had all night watching her flirt with my buddies. I escaped to my room, leaving Mom with a few of the guys from the party. I knew she would entertain them."
"Oh, that's hot," I murmured, and he gave me a quick hug.
"I showered, went to bed but decided I couldn't sleep unless I jacked off. Just as I started to stroke, my bedroom door opened. I faked sleep so she would leave. The door closed, but I felt the sheets lift and a weight on the other side of the bed. I knew from her Chanel scent it was her."
I moaned softly.
"She moved behind me and I was shocked to feel her bare breasts pushing into my back. She began to stroke my side, from my ribs to my hip. Her touch was inflaming me even more. She moved her arm over me and placed her flat hand on my chest."
"Did she say anything?" I asked.
"No, nothing. No words were needed at that point. She caressed my body from my chest to just above my dick. I was moaning so hard, wanting her to touch me. She continued to lightly run her hand over my body. I wanted to touch her. But it was impossible because she was so close to me. It turned out, that was on purpose. This was to be my time."
"Ohhhh," I said, understanding more. "I bet were going nuts that she wasn't touching your cock."
"Oh fuck yeah. Remember I was an eighteen-year-old boy that would hump anything anytime."
I laughed.
"You know, after you turned me on at your graduation, I wanted to do that to you so many times."
"What?"
"Sneak into your bed and get you so aroused you were quivering in my arms."
"Oh, Daz. You make me quiver now."
He rolled me on my back, and we began to kiss. Then he kissed down my neck and trailed his mustache around my breast. I moaned, arching at the sensation.
"Suck them..." I whimpered.
He trapped them in his teeth and nipped and pulled. It was the most fabulous pain pleasure and I screamed for more. My arousal was in flames. He knew that because his hand went between my legs, and he slipped two fingers into my wetness.
My body was out of control, and I undulated while he held on and finger fucked me and worked on my other nipple.
"God, you are so fucking hot," he growled, kissing his way down my stomach. He ran his mustache up and down my inner thighs until they quivered.
"Daz," I pleaded for release.
His mustache abraded my clit, my pussy lips. His tongue teased and took me higher. I rocked against this face rhythmically and he began to flick my clit. I rocked faster. I needed more.
"Daz," I moaned. "I need you."
He growled against my pussy and sucked my hard clit between his lips. I gripped the sheets and sobbed. He began to fuck me with three fingers in earnest and I thrust up, riding his hand.
I shuddered and shouted out a mind-blowing orgasm.
I collapsed in his arms, kissing him and tasting myself on him.
I got my breath back and said, tell me more about you and Grandma."
He settled on his back again and I cuddled in his arms.
"She teased me unmercifully that night. I discovered how to wait. How to enjoy my body and its erogenous zones. With her, it was always a learning experience, but ended in the orgasm of my life."
"Mmm."
"She finally touched my dick and I almost shot off then. She rolled me on my back and was on her hands and knees over me. Her fabulous breasts, like yours, dangled above me. I took them in my hands and almost came again right then. She said,What do you want?It took me a moment and I said,to fuck you, Mama."
I swallowed hard. "Mmm"
"She mounted me. It was surreal seeing her naked on top of me. I knew I wouldn't be able to last long. I was way too excited and at that age..."
"Quick trigger. I know."
"She slid down and that steamy heat was so tight on my cock. Watching her ride me, her tits bouncing, the look of pure pleasure on her face, and it happened. I drove up and exploded inside her. Like I just exploded inside you, my girl."
"Mmm."
"Family love."
"Yes. That's why I'm so happy you're fucking your brother."
"But I'd rather have you, Daddy."
He sighed and squeezed me close. "You're the best love. The very best. It's going to be tough staying away from you when your Mom is home."
"Is it bad I'm jealous that Mom will be in your bed every night," I said sadly.
"She's in my bed but hasn't been interested in sex for a long time. You'll be the one taking care of me from now on, Cara."
"Mmm, good. So, she never sees you naked?"
He thought for a moment and said, "Not really. Why?"
"Because I want to shave that forest around your cock and on your balls so I can suck your dick."
He growled and pinched my nipple. I moaned. "Fuck yeah, you can shave me. Such a naughty fucking girl."
I was. Now. Around my Dad. I wasn't as free around Joey, although I loved fucking him.
"Mom won't notice?" I asked, not wanting her to wonder what he was up to.
"She never looks at me, kitten. You're the only one that has enjoyed my body in a long time." He thought for a moment. "Now you know it was your graduation party that I began to lust after you."
My pussy tingled again at the thought of it.
"You wore that little bikini at your pool party and I was hard the whole night. I spent the whole time trying to hide it."
"Mmm, wish I'd known then."
"There were other times. One time I came home from work early and you were just home from college classes and in the shower. You didn't think anyone would be home and left the door open."
"You watched me. Saw me totally naked. Did I make you hard?"
"Oh damn, seeing you naked in that shower running your hands over your body nearly doubled me over." He closed his eyes and sucked in a breath. "I came the hardest I'd ever cum from jacking off that time. I was worried you'd heard me, even though I tried to stifle it."
"Did you tease me after that by not wearing underwear?"
He chuckled. "I did. I'm not sure I'm proud of that seductive move though."
"You should be. I spent a lot of night masturbating to the peeks I had of your cock and balls." I felt the heat rise in my face. "In fact, I was embarrassed I even looked. I felt like a perv, but it only seemed to be more exciting."
"You are your father's daughter," he said, rolling to his side and sliding his leg between mine. "We're both a little pervy, darlin'. I mean you fuck your brother and your dad, and I fucked my mom. Pretty damn deviant if you ask me."
I rubbed my body against him, knowing this was going to come to an end when Mom got back.
"Such a gorgeous body." He ran his hand up and down my side, over my ass and my back. "So soft."
"Daz, I don't want to give you up and I'll have to when she comes back."
"Kitten, you're not giving me up, just that we will have to be more careful of what we're doing."
"What if I moved to the room downstairs?"
We had a walk-out basement where an earlier owner had begun to set up a small apartment. A complete bathroom was there and a bedroom.
He thought for a moment. "I don't see why not. It would certainly give us more privacy. But we would have to come up with a good reason as to why you'd want to live down there."
"I'll come up with something," I said confidently.
.
.
"Where've you been?" I asked Joey the next morning.
He poured me a cup of coffee and sat at the table. "So, you missed me?"
"Well yeah," I said, sitting across from him. "Hey, you have a girlfriend don't you!"
He grinned and I saw his cheeks color. It would be the first girlfriend he claimed to me, so she must be serious.
"Yeah, I think so. We've been seeing each other since you and I got back from the lake."
"That's great, Joey," I said, sincerely.
He was thoughtful and sweet. He was as sexual as our Dad. Whoever got my brother, was indeed lucky. They were getting a good man.
.
.
We had three more days until Mom came back. She checked in regularly, so I told her now that I'm older, I'd like the privacy of the room in the basement. Then she could use my room for her sewing and crafts. She was all for it, as I knew she would be.
I was in the basement arranging some of the furniture that was already down there. When I was done, Dad was home from work and in the shower.
"Mmm, looks like you need help there," I said, stepping into the shower with him.
"Boy, do I ever need your help? I thought of you all day and am ramped up kitten. Needing you bad," he turned, put his arms around me, and held me against him.
I moaned feeling his soapy slick hard body against mine. His cock quickly grew and pushed between my legs. I knew he wasn't going to wait.
"Fuck me, Daddy."
He growled and turned me around. I bent over, steadying myself against the tile wall.
"I'm gonna fuck you kitten. I'm gonna do it hard and fast. I'm gonna fill your cunt with my fat cock." He stroked the head through my wet folds. "I'm gonna shove it in," he said as he shoved it in, ball deep. "Then I'm gonna fuck you until you scream with pleasure."
"Oh yeah, Daz. Fuck me," I shouted, feeling his daddy's cock reaming my cunt.
"I've thought of this all day. Burying myself deep inside you. Filling you up with my seed. Just like I made you. Fucking my girl and filling her deep. You drive me crazy," he growled, squeezing my ass as he plowed me.
Big fat balls banged my pussy the harder he plunged in. My clit was hard and long and his balls slapped the sensitive nub. I sucked in a scream and went sailing off the cliff, mewling long and loud. He held my hips, drove in hard and his cock pumped me full of his seed. He stayed locked in until his cock went soft.
"Oh Daddy," I whimpered, standing up but leaning against the wall. My legs wobbled and my chest still heaved.
He rinsed us off, wrapped me in a towel, and took me to bed. I snuggled close to his hot hard body.
"You feel so good against me."
"You drive me crazy kitty cat. I think of your soft body all day. How I want to sink so deep inside you. And I can't tell anyone what a hot woman does that shares my bed."
"Oh! I almost forgot. Mom gave me her blessings to move downstairs."
"Really? You worked some magic."
"Nah, I just know what's important to her," I laughed.
"That's going to make it much easier for us, pussycat."
I nodded, but he was already softly snoring, and I went to sleep in his arms.
.
.
Joey had been spending time with his girlfriends but volunteered to help me move my stuff. He showed up early and I made his breakfast.
"Nice having you around," I said, ruffling his hair.
"Nice seeing you," he winked.
"Joey."
We both laughed.
"You are different. You're more open now. Not as uptight as when you and I were at the lake."
I served the food and sat down across from him.
"Hmm, you might be right. My time with you changed me, and then my time with Dad changed me. For the better, I think. I hope."
"Oh yeah, for the better for sure. You're even sexier than you used to be."
"Joey!"
I wasn't taking any furniture down and already had my clothes boxed and ready. We had them downstairs in no time and that just left odds and ends. We were done by early afternoon.
"Thank you," I said, hugging his arm.
"You're welcome. I'm always happy to help whenever you need me. No matter what."
"No matter what," I said, smiling up at him.
He leaned down and kissed me. I wrapped an arm around his neck and kissed him back.
He pulled away and looked at me. "Do you know this is the first time you kissed me? The whole time at the lake, and you never kissed me."
"Really?" I said, a little shocked. I had no reason I could think of. "Maybe I was just still uncomfortable? I don't really know why not, Joey."
He pulled me against his body and we kissed passionately, and it quickly rose to an inferno. All the feelings came back and my pussy tingled, remembering.
"Are you going to fuck me?" I whispered.
He groaned. "Damn. You have changed. I love it."
We quickly undressed and climbed into my new bed. We faced each other and continued to make out, ratcheting higher and higher. I had my leg over his hip and he kneaded my tits. He leaned down and sucked a nipple into his mouth and I arched, needing more.
He kneed my legs apart and moved in between my thighs, never taking his mouth off my tits. His cock head probed and he slid the head in, groaning around my nipple.
"Oh god yeah, shove it in."
He growled and drove ball deep. I raised [ and met him stroke for stroke. He pushed up on his arms and levered so he could thrust faster and harder. It had been so long, we just needed each other.
I knew that no matter who we were with, we would always be each other's lovers.
He pushed deep, locked in and I felt his hot seed rush through me. I squeezed his cock with my cunt, and began to cum. I arched, my body rigid, my nails scoring his back as I rode wave after wave.
I went limp and he fell to my side.
"Pact. We are always going to fuck, no matter what."
"No matter what."
.
.
Later when we went upstairs, Dad was surprised we were down there, and I was thrilled to learn that the basement was that soundproof.
Joey left for his girlfriend's house, and I led him downstairs.
"Kitten, you have this looking really nice," he said, looking around my room. He walked into the bathroom and said, "Oh I forgot there was an open shower in here. The guy that owned this house before must have built it to fuck his daughter in."
I giggled. "Daddy!"
"Okay then, maybe for her to fuck him hmm?"
"That's better!"
We stretched out on the bed.
"So, you liked looking up the leg of my shorts hmm?"
"Hell yeah. I didn't see much because of your bush... Hey, that reminds me. You said I could shave your cock and balls."
"Go for it!"
I ran to get a towel, a basin of warm water, a new razor, and shaving cream.
He stripped and I put the towel under his ass. I laid on my stomach and moved his cock and balls around to decide where I would start. His cock grew as I held it.
"Daz!" He laughed and flexed the muscle that made it jump.
I held it and kissed it and sucked on the head.
"Oh pussycat, you better not start what you can't finish," he groaned. I licked the satiny head. "Cara."
"Okay okay."
I wet the whole area and spread the shaving cream. I started at the base of his cock, making a nice neat line above it because his fur was thick from there up to his chest. I scraped the hair off all around the base. He moaned softly.
"Am I hurting you?" I asked, concerned.
"Fuck no. It's just your touch drives me crazy. Your breath on my dick. The whole thing is hot."
I quickly licked across the head again and he growled in response. I went back to shaving.
His cock was so rigid, I had to hold it back on his stomach while I shaved below it and around the base of his balls. I held his balls and pulled the skin taut while I shaved. I got around halfway, and he shuddered and groaned.
"Pussycat are you almost done? You're making me crazy."
"Almost!" I grinned; glad he couldn't see me.
I carefully stretched the skin as I shaved, then moved further around and did the same thing. I worked lower and lower until I was shaving over each ball. I held them while I stretched the skin and shaved. I had to maneuver his balls a lot once I got to them and he began to groan each time I moved.
"Daddy," I said.
"I can't help it. You got me burning up doing that."
"Sorrry," I said, holding his cock up and licking and kissing the tip. The shaft was blazing hot and throbbed at my touch.
"Don't stop for god's sake. Get this over with!"
I finally finished and wiped his balls with a warm towel, then wiped his cock. Without that thick hair around the base, his cock looked huge.
I put everything away and held out my hand. He got up and I led him to the full-length mirror on the closet.
"Look at you!"
"Holy fuck. Is that my dick?"
I laughed. "You're huge, Daddy!"
He helicoptered and I giggled.
I sat him down on the edge of the bed and knelt between his open legs. His cock was thick and heavy and rested on his balls on the bed.
I held it in one hand and looked up at him while I ran my tongue around the outer rim. He hissed in a breath through his teeth. I pursed my lips over the head and scrubbed it with my tongue, sucking up the precum that was liberally coming out of the hole.
I slid my lips down the shaft until my nose hit his body.
"Oh kittycat, your mouth is heaven," he moaned.
I sucked my way back off and trailed my tongue down the underside to his balls. The whole sac and balls were too big for me to take at once, so I slipped one into my steamy mouth.
He wove his fingers through my hair, and moaned, "God damn that feels so fucking good."
I toyed with it with my tongue, while I slid my fingers up and down the hard shaft. I moved to the other ball and worked that one over, then nibbled on the skin above until I got to the base of his cock. I nipped and grazed my teeth up the length, and he shuddered.
The head was slick with precum, and I licked it off and began to deep-throat him. His hips jerked and he started to fuck my mouth. I let him set the pace.
"Ohhohoh oh oh," he chanted in a gravelly voice. "I'm gonna cum pussycat."
I groaned and vibrated his cock. He jerked and I continued to vibrate right down to his balls. I took a ball in my mouth and hummed, then back to his cock humming as I deep-throated him.
He held my head, his hips automatically rocking to the tempo for release.
Suddenly he shouted, his cock surged in my mouth and released copious amounts of seed down my throat.
I crawled up the bed next to him.
"Oh fuck, pussycat," he said his arm across his eyes. "Maybe I should have gotten rid of that forest a long time ago."
.
.
Mom was home the following day, none the wiser for what transpired while she was gone. Daz helped her set up my old room for her sewing and crafts and she spent most of her time in there. She never noticed how much Daz wasn't around when he was supposed to be. She was lost in her own little world there.
She never ventured into the basement and only came down once when she got home to see what I'd done. She was satisfied I was comfortable and that was that.
Joey spent most of his time with his girlfriends, but he does occasionally knock on my door.
Daz is down here more often than we thought he could.
Life is good.

~~the end~~