Part 2, Manipulation
~o~
"Jeannie, it would be great to have you live with us; and to have someone to be naked with. I wish your mother had a better understanding of our affection for nudity. You and your mother can work out the household details while I am at work. I will return in two weeks; we can spend more time naked together then!"
"Oh, Thank you, Mr. Bron."
Jane watched proudly from the kitchen as her daughter took her first step towards adulthood, being assertive and seeking a path she wished to discover. Having her around for a while would benefit both herself and Bron.
Jane and Jeannie spent the subsequent days bonding and getting organized. Thursday morning rolled around fast. "Jeannie, I have several errands after work; I will be late."
"Sure thing, mom; I only have a morning class today." Jeannie was suffering from naked withdrawals and not having Mr. Bron around to be naked with. Today would be a perfect opportunity to lay out by the pool for a while.
After class, Jeannie rushed home to get ready; she was so desperate to be naked outside that she stripped, grabbed her lotion and towel, and scampered to the pool. The cool water felt so good on her naked body. After oiling herself, she lay on the lounge chair to soak up the afternoon sun. She was dreaming of her recent nude adventures with her stepdad anticipating his return, when she heard her mother's voice, "Jeannie, what are you doing outside naked?"
Jane immediately noticed her daughter's young pristine body was void of tan lines. "Where is your swimsuit? I can see from the absence of tan lines that you have not worn one in a while," as she studied her eighteen-year-old daughter's golden sun-tanned body.
"Mother, I have discovered nudity. I love the feeling I have when I am naked. There is something so amazing about it that it is overwhelming to me. I have not worn a swimsuit in weeks." Jane had no words; she knew Jeannie had somehow been corrupted by her husband, but how much? Had she seen him naked? Had he seen her naked? She stomped off to the house to reorganize her thoughts as Jeannie lay there stark naked, smiling. She avoided Jeannie the rest of the evening, attempting to figure out how best to handle the situation.
Having accidentally been discovered by her mother, Jeannie's mind was much more at ease about hiding her nakedness. The next day she had no classes, so she strolled out to the pool to spend the afternoon relaxing. Jane watched inconspicuously as Jeannie wandered around the pool area, seemingly unconcerned about being naked. Jane had been fuming all night, trying to understand the events; she despised Bron walking around the house naked, and now she was faced with her daughter being naked in front of her and him! Last night, consuming a bottle of wine helped calm her down; she was already on her third glass today.
Wanting to try and understand Jeannie's desire to be nude, she put on her swimsuit to confront her about her recent activity. Jeannie was surprised to see her mother walking up in her bathing suit. "Oh, mom, it is nice to have you join me," she said as she sat in her chair, unconcerned about her nakedness.
"I can't believe you are just sitting there naked! Aren't you uncomfortable displaying yourself like that?"
"I was at first, but after a while, the sensation overwhelms you, and you soon forget you are naked."
"You can't wander around the house and yard naked in front of Bron; It is not normal."
"Have you ever been naked in front of others? "
"Absolutely not!"
"Well, I had not either, but the sensation of being so vulnerable is amazing; it makes me happy to show myself. The other day I walked through the grocery market in a tiny tube dress that hardly covered my bottom. I knew others could see part of my rear cheeks as I walked. By the time I left the checkout, I was so horny I masturbated immediately when I reached the car!"
"Oh my god, Jeannie, I can't believe what I hear. You what?" as she gulped the remaining wine in her glass.
"I masturbated myself in the parking lot!"
"Did anyone see you?"
"Yes, but that is part of the excitement. I enjoyed being seen."
Jane realized Jeannie's behavior had progressed beyond nudity; she was an exhibitionist!
"How can you know if you won't like something unless you try it?"
"What?"
"Take off your suit and give it a try."
"Absolutely Not!" Janes's mind was spinning and confused at hearing her daughter's boldness and audacity, but her cognizance, stimulated by several glasses of wine, questioned how it might feel. After several minutes she sat up and declared, "Well, maybe I should try it; after all, my husband and my daughter seem quite happy being naked in front of others!" She slipped off her top slowly, attempting to cover her breasts with her hands. After several minutes she dropped her guard and let them show.
"Mom, you have always had such great breasts; I hope mine will grow like yours!" Jane's comfort level grew as she sat outside topless with her daughter. "You have a great body; no one would believe you are thirty-eight. Take off your bottoms and let yourself feel free." Her excitement, assisted by the wine, rose steadily as she felt several tingling sensations stirring through her body, enough to stand up and slip her bottoms down.
"Oh my, I feel so embarrassed, yet daring and excited!"
"Yes, doesn't it feel so good? Let me put some lotion on you." Jane's boldness, along with the alcohol, was gradually overtaking her concerns.
"It makes me feel defenseless being exposed." Jane moved over and lay on her belly as Jeannie grabbed the oil. The soft touch of her daughter's hand rubbing the lotion on her sent pleasant sensations through her core. She had never been naked outside or had someone oiling her skin while naked.
"Jeannie, I feel self-conscience and uncomfortable about this."
"Turn over, and I will do the front."
"Oh, no, I couldn't."
"Mother! Turn over!" As Jane twisted around to lie on her back, she felt utterly embarrassed in front of her daughter naked, keeping her legs held tightly together. As Jeannie applied the oil, Jane became more and more relaxed; her soft hands lessened the anxiety of having her daughter's hands close to her pussy.
Janes's body reacted passionately as Jeannie's fingers massaged her pubis. "Ohh, I am going to ---------!" at that very second, she lurched up, attempting to sever her daughter's hand from between her legs, but Jeannie was not ready to relinquish her control just yet. She continued the oily manipulation of her mother's organ, yielding several spasms.
Shuddering uncontrollably, warm sensations rushed out as she squirmed with elation. "Ahhhhhhh, my ---------!" Jeannie manipulated her clit, watching as her mother shivered and jerked frenziedly. Jane was ecstatic; she had no control over her daughter's deliberate manipulation.
Both sat quietly for thirty minutes letting each other take in the afternoon's activities. Jane was confused, attempting to figure out what had just happened, one of the most formidable orgasms she had ever experienced.
"Doesn't it feel great to be naked outside, mother?"
"Oh, Jeannie, I am so sorry for doing this to you! I completely lost control of my senses! I can't believe-------"
"Stop, Mother. I told you being naked in front of others was overwhelming!"
"I feel so shamed; you gave me an orgasm; we must keep this between ourselves; Bron can never know about this!"
"Mother, I will not tell a soul, but I would ask you to consider being more open to my nudity." Jane knew she had a lot to consider; her daughter wanted to be naked before her husband, and she knew he would be more than happy to be naked before her.
~o~
The following morning Jane awoke smelling the scent of brewing coffee. As she walked into the kitchen, she saw Jeannie pouring a cup, naked. "Good morning, mom; let me get you a cup." Standing there, she realized the gravity of her daughter's request.
"Thank you, Jeannie; we should talk about your nudity."
"Ok, sure, but you must be naked with me." Jane reluctantly slipped off her nightgown and placed it on the chair's back.
"Jeannie,"
"Mom, stop for a minute! Will you give it a try for a day or two? Mr. Bron is not here to see me; no one will see you."
"What do you mean?"
"I want you to be naked with me all day."
Jane sank in her chair, confronted with her daughter's bold request; she had no choice. "Well, ok, but only inside. We have much housework to catch up on before Bron returns, so let's get started." Both spent the morning cleaning, doing the giant pile of laundry, and organizing everything.
After a light lunch, Jeannie was ready for the pool, so she went outside for a swim and some sun. Jane had forgotten all about not having clothes on as she observed her young naked daughter outside.
"I decided to join you for a swim." This was the first time Jane had ever walked outside her home naked under her towel; her hormone level was proliferating, recalling the previous day's activities as she spread her towel down to lay on.
"I see you are becoming more comfortable naked."
"Well, maybe a little. I am still struggling to try and understand the desire to be naked in front of others." After her brief swim, she sat on the lounge to soak in some sun.
"I will be right back." Shortly after, Jeannie returned with two glasses and a bottle of wine; she knew the prescription for treating her mother's anxiety.
"Here, have a glass of wine." After two glasses, she asked, "Mom, please come and oil me, so I don't burn."
Jeannie sat on the lounge and rolled onto her belly, letting Jane oil her backside. Jeannie instantly turned over, "I am ready for the front side." Jane quickly gulped her third glass before starting. This was the first time her hands had been on her grown child in a long time. The subtle moves of her daughter's body indicated that her hands were accomplishing the task. As she applied oil to her young, growing breasts, she was consumed by a foreign feeling; she was enjoying this for some strange reason, and so was her daughter.
Janes's hands eventually reached her pubic area. As she ran her hands through the soft blonde tufts, Jeannie closed her eyes and relaxed her legs, reaching down and guiding her mother's hand directly where she wanted it.
"That's the spot." The stimulation of her mother's touch sent her body into a spasm as her orgasm began. "Yeessssss."
Sharing precious moments and giving her daughter pleasure was gratifying; Jane had forgotten entirely about being naked outside. Jane grabbed the oil and massaged her breasts as they lay together in the sun. Jeannie immediately rose and took over. "Let me do this." Jane laid her head back, closed her eyes, and spread her legs; the wine was working. Jeannie's fingers quickly found their way inside her.
"Oh, yes, yes, right there!" Jeannie rubbed her spot once as she screamed, "Oh, God, yes!" as her body responded, releasing another orgasm. Both lay in complete bliss outside until the sunset, sipping their wine.
~o~
The following morning at the coffee pot, they both smiled and laughed, finding each other naked. "Jeannie, this is getting out of hand."
"I told you how overwhelming it could be."
"I now think I have a little better understanding of how addictive nudity can be."
"I think you should experience what I did; we will go hiking this morning."
"I am not going hiking nude!"
"We will see how the day ends! You can only wear shorts and a shirt, no underwear!"
"What?"
"Do I need to remind you of our agreement?" Jane realized her position had been compromised; she could not argue.
Jeannie grabbed her towel and bag and led her mother to the car. "We will be outdoors in nature today and enjoy it." Jane was ill at ease the entire trip to the South Hiking Trail parking area. Taking a cue from her previous visit with Mr. Bron, the empty parking lot indicated they were the only visitors. As Jane closed the door, Jeannie took her clothes off.
"Jeannie, someone will see you!"
"Mom, we are the only ones here; now, take off your clothes. We are going to be naked today!" Jane looked around nervously, finding no one in sight but nature, and then tentatively removed her shirt.
"I cannot go without my shorts."
"Give me your shorts!" Ashamed of her position, she complied with Jeannie's demand. She was disturbed and scared as hell, standing naked, attempting to cover herself. "Relax; there is nobody here but us." Jeannie opened the door, threw their clothes into the car, and locked it.
"Jeannie, what are you doing?"
"Let's go," as she grabbed her hand and led her away from the security of her clothing. Jane was shocked at Jeannie's behavior; how could she have let this happen? She was scared to death yet excited. After a mile, they reached the scenic rock outcrop and stopped for a water break. "Isn't this amazing, being naked outdoors?"
"Well, I will admit it is quite exciting; my hormone level is out of sight; I can't determine if this is bravery, eagerness, or craziness. I feel so defenseless and exposed."
"I know. Isn't it overwhelming, the feeling of exhilaration you have being naked where you aren't supposed to be? Let's go on to the stream and take a dip." Watching Jeannie take the lead down the trail inspired Jane; her insecurity lessened quickly as they arrived at the stream. "Come on, let's take a dip." The stream was calm and relaxing as they both waded in.
"Oh, my, the rushing water feels so good on my body!"
"Yes, I know, it sure does."
"Jeannie, I must admit this feels good; I have never been so daring before; this is just crazy being naked without anything to cover with. My hormones are crazy with excitement!" After cooling off, they stepped out to dry off.
"I forgot the towels in the car! We will have to air dry in the sun sitting on the boulder."
"Hey, ladies, may we join you?"
Jeannie was startled to see a couple walking up behind them; Jane was stunned and shamed and attempted to cover herself in any way she could. Jeannie grabbed her hand, "mom, it will be ok, stop freaking out." We were relieved when they stripped and got into the stream.
"We are so happy to see others naked here," the young lady shouted. "I hope you don't mind the intrusion."
Jane suddenly realized the possibility that others were also daring. Intrigued by the activity, she sat up to watch as they boldly exited the stream and walked over.
"I am Sue, and this is Glen."
Jane was perplexed having two total strangers standing feet away naked and quickly noticed that Glen was not hard, and Sue's pussy was shaved.
"I am Jeannie, and this is my mom, Jane. We are new at this, so please excuse our insecurity."
Jane finally uncrossed her arms, covering her breasts, and greeted them. "It's nice to meet you. Do you come here often to skinny-dip?"
"Yes, we stop by all the time." Alerted to their uncertainty and anxiety, Sue asked, "Would you ladies like a glass of wine? We brought a couple of bottles."
Jane quickly answered, "Yes, please. And Jeannie would like one also."
"So, how long have you and your husband been nudists?"
"Oh, we have enjoyed nudity since we were children; it's natural to us."
Suddenly, Janes's demeanor changed; a wave of comfort passed through her easing her high state of anxiety, helped by a large gulp of wine. "Jeannie, we should be going and letting these folks enjoy the water."
"Oh, please don't go, ladies; having other nudists to visit with is great!"
Jane was in awe as she observed Glen and Sue, seemingly so comfortable stark-naked without reservations. She suddenly had an overwhelming urge to stand proudly and display her nakedness to the world, strolling into the stream and back to show herself. She was consumed with the overwhelming sensation Jeannie had discussed, and it felt fabulous to find she possessed such daring boldness to stroll naked in front of strangers. "May I have another glass of wine Sue?"
"Of course, help yourself."
Before we knew it, the sun was going down. "Glen and Sue, we must be going now; thanks for the company and wine."
"Hang on; we will walk back with you."
They both remained naked as we walked back to the car.
"Do we need to get dressed for the ride back?"
"Not today, mom; this is our day to be naked."
Both spent the rest of the evening discussing the long day's activities. Jane had been naked all day except for the ride out to the trail. A calming sense of confidence was slowly making its way through her body.
~o~
The following morning Jane woke up and immediately headed for the coffee pot. While pouring her first cup, she realized she had never even considered putting clothes on to go into the kitchen. Jeannie walked in, also nude; both looked at each other and smiled. "Mother, you look fabulous naked!"
"Well, I wish I had a body more as my young daughter does! Jeannie, you were right about the awesome sensation; I was amazed at how good it felt to show my body to others. Did you notice Sue's vagina was shaved? What did you think about that?"
"I thought it was intriguing to see her entire mound shaved; I am considering whether or not to try it myself. Have you ever shaved down there, mother?"
"No, but I was also captivated by the smooth look."
"Let's go to Wills Point Beach this afternoon. I need to be naked around others and show off my fabulous mother!"
"Oh, Jeannie, I don't know if I am ready to be in a crowd."
"I promise you will love it, trust me!"
"That is what bothers me so much!"
"Let's shave each other!"
"Oh, Jeannie, I don't know about that."
"Nonsense, I will get the supplies; let's go outside by the pool in the morning sun."
Jeannie quickly gathered the razor, shaving cream, a bowl of water, the oil, and a towel. She showed no shyness as she lay on her back on the lounge chair, relaxing her legs.
"Mom, I want to go first; shave me smooth down there!"
Jane was mesmerized by shaving her daughter's most intimate area. Every stroke was washed away with water and studied for smoothness. Jeannie relished the event, having herself shaved outside in the sunlight by her mother; she wondered what it would be like to have Mr. Bron shave her!
"It feels so good to be shaved. Feel it!" Jane ran her damp hands all over her mound, pinching and squeezing it to confirm the job.
"Indeed, it feels smooth."
"Ok, mom. Lay back and prepare to be de-haired!" Jane obliged her daughter, seeking to feel the same as she did, having her pussy shaved clean. Jeannie slowly started removing her thick pubic hair, washing and applying cream on each stroke. Jane's hormones were stirring, having strange hands working on her private areas. After twenty minutes or so, she took the final stroke. "All finished!"
Jane sat up and rubbed oil all over her smooth mound, inspecting it. "I feel so naked now. I love the feeling of the cool air reaching my tender skin."
Jeannie gathered up the ice chest, towels, and suntan oil as noon approached. "You are allowed only one piece of clothing for the drive. Why don't you wear your swimsuit cover-up?"
"Without my swimsuit? It is see-through and rather short! It barely covers my rear!"
"Yes, you will see, it will be fine. Only one item! I am going to wear my tube dress."
"Do you mean your tube shirt?"
"Yes, you will see."
~o~
Jeannie pulled into a corner convenience store on the way out of town. Jane was shocked when she jumped out and walked into the store, seemingly unconcerned about two inches of her ass showing. Two male clerks followed her out, carrying several boxes of beer.
"Mom, get us three bags of ice for the cooler."
Standing, nervous as a cat being partially exposed, she left the security of her seat and walked to the outdoor ice machine to retrieve the ice. Waves of excitement shot through her, knowing she was on display. As she reached in to retrieve the bag, she could feel the cool air rushing out between her legs and her cleanly shaved area. She shook with delight, knowing she was revealing her most intimate part. As she turned around, both men stared intently, appreciating the near-naked woman.
Jane walked over carrying only one bag, bending over to put it in the cooler, then returning for another. Her exhibitionist gene was in charge; Jane's hormones were building, revealing herself. Her smooth mound quivered as she delivered the last bag, as the two men studied her nude body under the transparent cover-up. She gazed directly at them, pulled up her cover-up, and inserted two fingers in her smooth slit, punishing it with purpose as she shook, expelling the most powerful orgasm she had ever known, collapsing onto the fender.
Both men rushed over to help her into her seat as she wilted down with complete gratification. "Can we help you, ladies, with anything else?"
"No thanks, we appreciate your assistance." Both clerks watched in disbelief as we drove off.
"Jeannie, I can't believe what just happened; I could not stop. I wanted to expose myself and desperately wanted them to see me masturbate! That was the most intense orgasm I have ever experienced!"
"I know; it's overwhelming, isn't it!"
"I just can't believe what I did back there."
"I assure you, those boys will never forget it!"
~o~
The two-hour drive went by fast as we pulled up to park at the beach. "I need you to understand we might be the only people that will be nude."
"Oh, Jeannie, this is just too much for me," still recuperating from the day's stimulating activities.
"Let's have a beer or two." Both gulped several beers in the parking lot as they attempted to subdue their anxiety. "We will wear nothing to the beach; we will stand proud and naked the entire way. Now let's go!" Jeannie took her tube off and put it in the car.
"Mom, your cover-up?"
Jane shook profusely as she reluctantly removed her security, placing it in the car. Jeannie grabbed the rolling cooler and her mother's hand and took off towards the beach. The crowd immediately noticed the two nude women walking up as they reached the sandy beach. Jane grabbed Jeannie's hand and squeezed it.
"I am excited and nervous; this is not what I thought it would be."
The breeze flowing over their bare bottoms stimulated both ladies as they walked through several rows of onlookers. Jeannie held tight and kept walking. "It will all be fine; you will see." Jeannie stopped and made camp close to the waves.
"Let's go for a swim," as she pulled Jane into the salt water. Jane calmed down with her body covered by the water. As they splashed around, they noticed several other nudists on the beach. After twenty minutes or so, Jeannie called out, "I am going to lay on my towel and dry."
"Wait, I will join you!"
It seemed that every eye on the beach was staring at the two nymphs as they left the safety of the ocean, both bodies gleaming as the salty liquid slowly dripped down, seeping between their silky-shaven mounds. Both found their towel and lay on their belly to dry their bare skin.
Jeannie peered over at the two handsome boys trying to be inconspicuous, and motioned them to come over. Jane was nervous and confused when she handed one of them the oil bottle.
"My mother and I would like you to oil our bodies, please."
Jane shook with uncertainty, not knowing what to do or say to such a request.
"Why don't you start with my mother."
Jane was ripe with fear and froze stiffly, squeezing her legs together as the young man squirted her backside with oil. He handed the oil to the other man, and they both smiled with enthusiasm as he lubricated Jeannie's back. The soft touch of hands on her naked back soothed Jane calming her anxiety. Jeannie enjoyed every minute of it; she had experienced this before with Mr. Bron and knew how great it felt.
"Would you gentlemen like a beer? I know my mother and I would!"
"Yes, we would love a beer." She quickly grabbed several beers, opened them, and handed one to everyone.
Jane gulped hers and requested another, which she consumed in one long guzzle, then turned over on her back, "I need my front side oiled, please." Jeannie smiled with confidence handing the oil to both fellows.
"Would you both be so kind as to accommodate my mother?"
Jane placed her arms behind her head, offering her nakedness to the sun. She watched as both men massaged and oiled her breasts, belly, and legs, reacting quickly when she brazenly opened her legs.
"Please, oil me everywhere!"
Jane's exhibitionist gene had total control, she was courageously displaying her most intimate self, and she had no intention of stopping now. This new nature of stimulation was way too powerful to ignore.
A crowd was gathering quickly as I watched the men massage and oil, my mother. Their slippery fingers roamed around her, back and forth, seeking the inevitable. Finally, one of them was brave enough to slip into the obis. Jane jerked up and opened wider as she rocked with spasms receiving the gift of pleasure.
She shivered as her second orgasm of the day started. Both men took turns kneading her smoothness in unison as Jane's body shook frantically. Incapable of any more stimulation, she slowly fell limp.
Jeannie could not resist offering the men her body next. They were terrific, oiling every single spot of her. They were both quite happy as she asked for the same session. Jeannie was becoming very comfortable being attended to outdoors and naked. It was a day neither one would forget!
As the sun left, they gathered their gear and headed back to the car. Several men walked them back to their car, asking when they would return.
"We are not sure, but keep your eyes open watching for us!" as they waved and drove off.
"Jeannie, we have to talk about this. I am becoming obsessed and addicted to this madness. I never knew I could be so bold and daring exhibiting myself and letting strangers masturbate me!"
"I know; I told you it was amazing. I am so happy that we were able to enjoy this together. Isn't it wonderful being naked!"
"It is one of the best sensations I have ever experienced!"
After arriving home and settling in, Jane worried her husband would discover her and her daughter's highly questionable activities. "Jeannie, I don't know how to approach this. Do you think Bron will understand? I am not sure I can give this up. I have never felt so excited about nudity. I have never been so excited about shaving my pussy. What will he think about my desire to be masturbated by a stranger in public?"
"Why don't we surprise him when he returns."
"How"
"I don't know, but I will think of something. I like my pussy shaved also!"
~o~
The following morning, as Jane was making coffee, Jeannie walked in. "Mom, I have an idea!"
"Great, what is it?"
"Look at this travel ad I found. It is a two-week-long excursion on a sailing boat in the Caribbean especially adapted for nudists. The company holds your clothes upon departure and keeps them until you return. You will visit several beaches and resorts during the duration. Strictly limited to 30 guests. We can all be naked for two weeks with others!"
"Jeannie, that is the best idea I can imagine! Let's greet Bron the minute he walks in, both naked, to inform him of our new travel plans!"
"Oh, mother, I can't wait to be naked in the Caribbean for two weeks! I know Mr. Bron will too! Won't he be surprised when he is greeted by two naked ladies, both shaved!"