I woke up before Jill as usual, and laid silently in bed beside her while reliving the events of the previous evening in my mind. The morning sun illuminated her body as it found its way through the cracks in the curtains. She was still naked, laying on her stomach with one leg and one cheek of her smooth firm ass exposed from the edge of the sheet. I could just make out a glimpse of the tender pink flesh of her shaved pussy between her slightly splayed legs.
My cock stirred as I recalled the drunken events, culminating in a total stranger fucking my lovely fiancé right here in this bed. I began to stroke slowly while I relived her squeals of passion, as the big stranger pounded her tight little pink tunnel. He was merciless, pounding his long cock deep into my girls wet pussy while she writhed and moaned incoherently. Her juices flowed freely around his stiff member and coated her inner thighs. I could still hear the wet sound of his heavy balls slapping against her swollen lips as he hammered her faster and faster. She screamed out her orgasm as he shoved his engorged dick deep into her warm wetness, and let her pulsing tunnel drain what seemed like a full cup of cum deep into her womb.
I found my hand moving faster as I gazed down at her sleeping naked body, so sexy and so vulnerable. Suddenly it dawned on me that I could have her slick little pussy instead of my hand. I threw the sheet to the side and unceremoniously mounted her from behind. I felt her stir as I lined up my throbbing cock at the entrance to heaven's gates. She groaned as I smeared the precum from my dripping cock head up and down her tender slit, before pushing it inside. I wasn't sure what to expect after the beating she took last night from our new friend, but she was as tight as ever. It took several strokes, going a little deeper each time, before I finally pushed through to her slick inner depths. When I felt the wetness I slid in all the way to my aching balls. Once fully engulfed by her warmth I stopped moving, letting her adjust to the early morning invader. She was beginning to rouse herself, and began a deliberate slow grind against me. It felt so good that I had to grab her hips and hold her still to keep from cumming right then.
After I calmed down a little, I began a slow withdrawal all the way to the tip of my cock, before sliding back into her warm tunnel. I marveled at how wet and slick she was already. Then it dawned on me that perhaps she was so wet, because she still had the remainder of our combined sperm inside of her from last night.
With that epiphany I was overcome with pure animal lust, consumed with the need to mate, to plant my seed, to again take back what was mine! I grabbed her hips lifting them roughly into position. She was face down on the mattress, and her hands gripped the sheets in front of her . Her pretty ass was displayed lewdly.
In my minds eye, last nights events played out like a movie in 3D. I pictured her just as she had been, in this same position as Jason pounded her just a few hours earlier. I was fucking her hard and fast, skin slapping against skin, just like he had done. Her moans increased in both volume and pitch as her body responded to my assault.
I grabbed a handful of her thick blonde hair and held her down as I used her for my own pleasure. This wasn't making love to my fiancé, this was rough fucking the little slut that fell asleep in my bed last night, after she had been thoroughly fucked by two men. I heard myself grunting like some kind of ape as I assaulted her soft warm depths.
I don't know how long we went on like that, but we were both panting like dogs, and I was starting to sweat freely when she moaned loudly into the pillow like she was in pain, and I felt her pussy convulse. Suddenly she clamped shut, squeezing me out along with a gush of her fluids mixed with whatever remained of last nights collection of semen. She writhed and moaned as I stabbed at her, attempting to force my way back inside. The gates were closed tight as my cock slid between her swollen lips time after time, smearing the viscous cum over her sensitive little clit. She jerked and shuddered with each futile stab, but her pussy refused to let me back in. Finally I took my swollen member in my fist and aimed it directly at her dripping pussy. Her pink lips splayed around the head of my cock as I spewed forth a veritable guizer of molten hot white fluid. It spewed from her lips in every direction, before dripping into a wet puddle on the sheet.
Somehow we managed to find a dry spot, and we spooned as we drifted back to sleep.
I remember thinking that we were going to have to call the desk for a complete change of linen, before drifting off.
It was nearly 11 AM by the time we roused ourselves again. I made coffee as Jill showered, then took my turn, before heading out for a late breakfast. We were both pretty quiet as we ate. The combination of too much to drink, the late hours and the incredible sex was taking it's toll. I ordered us both a Bloody Mary after we ate, and by the time we finished them we were both beginning to feel better.
Back at the hotel we changed into our swimsuits and headed out to get some sun. The temperature was in the mid 70's, with just a few puffy clouds against a gorgeous blue sky. I kept an eye out for Jason as we strolled down to the white sand beach, but saw no sign of him. As we spread our towels on the warm sand I vaguely remembered something Jill said last night as I was falling asleep. I thought I heard her whisper, "I can't wait for tomorrow!"
Although curious, I decided to let that be for now.
The sun felt amazing with the gentle breeze blowing in from the Atlantic.
The beach wasn't very crowded, being the off season. There was a family with a couple of toddlers playing in the shallow surf, a couple of college girls in their bikinis and some assorted others close by. I noticed the husband of the young family discretely checking out Jill as she removed her coverup and settled in. Not that I blamed him. She still turned heads wherever she went. I wondered idly if he had a MILF fetish.
Jill asked me to rub her down with lotion. The coconutty smell of Hawaiian Tropic flooded my senses as I warmed it between my hands. I began with her shoulders, taking my time to cover every inch of smooth exposed skin as I went. I coated each arm before massaging each individual finger, then I moved on down to her lower back. I slid my slippery hands under the elastic of her bottoms to give her ass a little squeeze, before moving to her feet and slowly working my way back up.
Mr. family man was laying on his back with his face turned in our direction, and I was pretty sure he was watching me apply the oil to Jill's inner thighs. When I reached her bikini bottom I flicked my thumb across her clit making her jump. Then I slipped a finger underneath and stroked it a few times before sliding a finger inside her still wet pussy all the way to my knuckle. Jill squirmed against my finger before telling me to "stop it" because "people are watching." From the growing tent in the guys trunks, I knew that she was right.
We baked in the sun for a couple of hours, before Jill said she had to pee. I suggested the ocean but she said the water was too cold, so she headed to the room. I must have drifted off to sleep, because the next thing I knew the sun was dropping behind the hotel and I started getting chilly. I remember wondering why Jill was still gone as I gathered our beach gear and headed back to the room. A sense of apprehension settled over me as I walked back, mixed with a tinge of excitement. Was she with Jason without me there? As I topped the stairs to the pool deck, I got my answer.
I immediately spotted Jill's blonde mane, sitting at a table near the Tiki Bar between Jason and another guy I didn't know. She was still in her bikini with her wrap in her lap, and it looked as if both guys had a hand resting pretty high up on her thighs. As I approached both of them stood up, and Jason introduced me to his friend Ted. Ted looked like a body builder. He was about my height of 6', shaved head and body. I'm fairly buff myself, but this guy looked like a real gym rat.
We all shook hands and Jill stood and gave me a very passionate french kiss. She tasted of rum and mint. I could tell that she had already had a few drinks by her bubbly mood, not to mention the kiss. Jill said "Sorry baby, when I came back down to the beach you were sound asleep. I decided to let you rest, so I came up to get a drink, and that's when I ran into Jason and Ted."
"No problem" I said. "I'm glad they were here to keep you entertained while I slept." There may have been a slight note of sarcasm in my voice. Honestly I wasn't sure how I felt about the guys being alone with her, feeding her drinks and putting their hands on her without me there. Their intentions seemed pretty clear to me, but Jill was having fun so I wasn't going to spoil the party.
Ted offered to buy us all another round, so I ordered a double Patron on the rocks. I had some catching up to do. Jill asked for another mojito, partially explaining her mood. She doesn't handle hard liquor all that well. As Ted headed to the tiki bar as I took the open chair. Jill sat back down where she had been when I arrived, beside Jason.
He explained that Ted was the friend who was sleeping last night while we had our fun. He winked at Jill when he said how jealous Ted had been after he saw her stroll by in her bikini, and she giggled like a school girl. She had definitely had a few drinks.
When Ted came back with a tray, I downed my tequila pretty quickly. Ted it turns out, owned a gym in Denver. He and Jason had been college roommates and had both played for the Gators. They soon had us both laughing with locker room tales, and stories of their misadventures back in school. I was starting to feel much more relaxed as I flagged down a server who had appeared from the hotel, and ordered another tequila. The others were still nursing their drinks.
The guys regaled us with tales of drunken nights out, and smoking copious amounts of weed, filling in the blank spots for each other. Typical college behavior mostly, although there did seem to be a lot of different women in their stories.
Of course I knew by now that Ted had probably heard all about the previous night from Jason, so I wasn't surprised when the talk became more sexual in nature. Apparently the old friends had shared more than an apartment back in college. They liked sharing each others dates as well.
Ted laughed as he told us about this one girl named Ashley that Jason had brought home from a bar one night. He said that he was already in bed when they showed up around 2 AM. It didn't take long before he heard them going at it on the sofa. He said when he peeked out of his bedroom door, she had Jason's cock halfway down her throat, and she was drooling over it like it was a fat buttered lobster tail.
Jason laughed and said "Yeah I'll never forget the look on her face when she felt the head of your cock push into her from behind. Her eyes were as big as saucers."
I noticed that Jill was squirming in her seat. From where I was sitting I couldn't see past her waist because of the table between us, but I did notice that it looked like Jason's hand had worked it's way up to the very top of her inner thigh. I wondered if he was touching her pussy as his friend told his story.
Ted laughed, "She was surprised, but she sure didn't seem to mind did she?"
"Nope, she couldn't get enough," Jason laughed. "That slut loved your big Italian salami! Hell she was constantly showing up at our door in the middle of the night after that."
Jill's breathing was becoming ragged as they talked about this girl like she was a piece of meat. I would have thought that she would find this kind of talk offensive, but apparently it was turning her on. Whatever Jason's fingers were doing under the table might have had something to do with it, of course.
Suddenly Jill stood up and said, "Brrrr, it's getting cold out here. I need to warm up. Would anyone like to join us in our room, after a hot shower?"
I saw a look pass between the two friends, and then they both looked at me questioningly. I shrugged and said "Yes it is getting cold out here. I could use an Irish coffee?"
We all stood up together, and I was pleased that Jill came and hugged me for warmth. pressing her almost naked body against mine. "Give us a few minutes to shower and change guys, then come join us." I said.
Ted offered to go get what he claimed was some dank Colorado weed, and he and Jason headed to their room.
Jill and I walked hand in hand to our first floor patio, and stepped inside. I propped the door open with the safety lock in case we were still in the shower when our visitors arrived. Once inside Jill stripped off her bikini and led me to the shower. We soaped every inch of each others body. Then she kissed me deeply, as her soapy hand slowly stroked my hard shaft. She dropped to her knees, then while looking up into my eyes she teased me with her sexy little pink tongue, before slowly swallowing me inch by inch. It felt incredible!
"Was Jason touching your pussy out by the pool baby?" I moaned.
"Mmmmmm Hmmmmm." Her eyes never left mine as she slowly slid her lips up and down my shaft,
"Did Ted know that Jason was touching your pussy?"
"Mmmm Hmmmm," she held my shiny cock by the base as she confessed. "Ted touched it too, right before you came up from the beach. They both had their hands between my legs. One would rub my clit while the other one stuck his finger in my pussy. I was so horny baby, I just couldn't help it. I was so naughty. You like it when I'm naughty don't you?" she finished in a pouty voice.
Her tongue flicked the underside of my cock just below the head as she watched my face for a reaction.
"Yes I like it baby," I gasped, "As long as you are enjoying yourself, and I am involved." That last part sounded a little stern even to my ears.
She looked down guiltily. "I'm sorry baby. You know how much I love you, and I knew it was wrong. I was going to tell you everything that happened as soon as I could, I swear. I wanted to wait on you but..." She looked like she might cry.
Once she got started the words just tumbled out. "It's just that they kept buying me drinks, and touching me. I knew that Jason had told Ted everything about last night, and I was so embarrassed. But at the same time it made me really horny. I mean, I acted like such a slut last night, and they both knew it! Ted knew that Jason had used me, made me suck his cock and then fucked me like a bitch in heat, and that you were ok with it. I think they had probably even made plans to seduce me together. It just felt so taboo, and they are both so... I'm so sorry baby, I'll call Jason right now and tell them that we decided to just go to bed."
She stepped out of the shower, grabbing her towel.
"It's ok baby. I'm not mad, this is just a lot to take in. I mean, it was me who kept fantasizing about you fucking other guys. I even encouraged it last night, so you shouldn't feel bad. Fuck, I loved it, and now I can't seem to stop thinking about it. I guess I just felt jealous seeing you all turned on like that when I hadn't even been involved."
Her body visibly relaxed. "I guess we need to talk about the rules if we are going to play this game."
"There will be time for that later" I said as I dried off.
"Did you like their story about what they did to that girl back in college?"
"It was exciting, the way Ted just took her like that without asking permission. Almost like rape, but then they say you can't rape the willing, right? There is definitely something primal about a big strong man taking control like that. Just taking what he wants from a woman, you know?" She paused for effect as she dropped her towel to the floor. "Would you like to see them fuck me like that?"
I struggled to figure out what to say, but it really wasn't necessary, my throbbing cock was answering for me. It twitched, as a long clear string of precum dangled from the tip.
Jill smiled wickedly, as she pushed me back on the bed and crawled between my legs. She lapped up the precum before swallowing my cock all the way down. Her ass moved in little circles invitingly as she bobbed slowly up and down.
I moaned in appreciation, then opening my eyes I caught a glimpse of movement through the crack in the curtain to our patio. Ted was standing there with a big grin on his face, and right behind him Jason was doing the same. They had a perfect view of Jill's heart shaped ass rotating invitingly, with her legs spread wide enough to open up her shiny pink lips to their lusty gazes.
"What do you think they would do to you if they walked in here right now?" I asked breathlessly.
"Mmmmmmmm, I'd like to find out" she said before dropping back down on my throbbing shaft.
"I'll bet they would do the same thing they did to that girl in the story." I panted.
"MMmmmm" she groaned as her ass began making wider circles, dry humping some imaginary lover.
I made the "shhhh" symbol with my finger on my lips and then motioned them to come in. The Bluetooth speaker was playing Pretty Reckless, and with her back to the door and her face buried in my crotch she didn't hear them come in. Both guys stopped by the door, as if they knew exactly what I had in mind, and quickly stripped off their clothes.
When I saw Ted naked I understood why Jason had called his cock an "Italian salami." Like the rest of him it was totally hairless, standing out at a 45 degree angle from his body. It was shorter than Jason's cock, probably more like my 7", but it was as big around as a small salami. His big hairless balls swung slightly as he stepped up behind Jill.
Her first clue that we had company came when Ted rubbed the swollen head of his dick up and down her wet slit, before unceremoniously pushing it inside. Even as wet as she was, he was barely able to get the head in before he met resistance. He backed up and gently pushed again. She instinctively tried to move away from him at first, but he held her by her hips as he continued to stretch her tight little pussy. She spit out my cock in order to breathe under his assault. She was grunting in what could have been pain or pleasure as he worked it in deeper with each push. His cock glistened obscenely marking the depth of each thrust .
Ted had a look of extreme pleasure and determination on his face. He was watching intently as her pink folds opened to his slow but steady assault. Her moans started deep in her belly, and grew in both intensity and pitch as he finally reached bottom and his huge balls pressed against her swollen clit. She bucked against him as she screamed out her orgasm while he held on tight, with his massive cock buried deep in her spasming pussy. She still had my throbbing cock in her hand and her face rested on my stomach as she came.
I looked over to see Jason waiting patiently, as he stood slowly stroking his long member, content to simply watch for the moment. He knew his turn would come soon enough.
When she finally calmed down enough to catch her breath, she took my cock back in her warm mouth and started sucking me with such passion that I knew I wouldn't be able to last for long.
Ted started a slow in and out motion, and her deep moans started again, but this time I was determined that she would keep sucking me until she got her prize. I felt my balls drawing up tight against my body as hot cum started to ooze from the slit. Ted started picking up speed, and a wail escaped her lips as her mouth opened around my swollen cock. I held her there as I croaked "I'm cumming!" and my hot sperm filled her mouth to overflowing. She made a gallant effort to swallow, even as she was cumming on Ted's fat dick, but it was still running from her lips and coating my balls and belly.
She kept sucking until I had to pull her off of my cock because the pleasure was too intense. As soon as I did, Ted flipped her over on her back and plunged his beefy cock back in her swollen pussy. I moved aside and went for a bottle of water, while Jason took my place beside Jill on the bed.
It was obvious that she couldn't concentrate on anything besides the massive hunk of meat that was now slamming her tender pussy harder and harder. So Jason just knelt beside her and smeared my cum around her face and tits with his long stiff cock.
She was cumming non stop as Ted pounded her without mercy. I could see the veins in his thick neck straining as he pistoned in and out of her overstuffed pussy. Her legs were locked around his ass, and her nails raked his back as she wailed out her pleasure, lapping at Jason's cock occasionally. Teds face turned beet red, his eyes squeezed shut and he let out a loud guttural moan as he slammed into her one final time and released his seed deep into her belly.
She continued to cum as he collapsed on top of her, grinding against his softening dick.
Apparently Jason's patience was finally at an end. He told Ted to "Get the fuck out of the way and give someone else a turn."
Ted groaned and slowly lifted himself, allowing Jill to get a much needed breath. I watched as his fat cock popped free, followed by a thick stream of his sperm.
Before Jason could move between her legs to take Ted's place she reached up and took his 10" cock in her hand and pulled him to her mouth to lick the precum from his head. He grabbed a handful of hair, and began pumping his long cock in and out of her mouth, but because of the angle could only get a few inches in. She looked so incredibly sexy with her legs spread obscenely, and cum dribbling down her ass as she sucked him. She gagged and drooled determinedly trying to take it down her throat but it wasn't going to work from where he was positioned to her side.
Obviously frustrated beyond caring, he spun Jill around so that her pussy was at the edge of the bed, shoved a pillow under her ass, and impaled her standing up.
She squealed as he bottomed out on the first shove. Obviously Ted had left her stretched out and very slick, since Jason seemed to meet no resistance whatsoever until he hit bottom. He wasn't gentle. Instead he immediately started hammering her poor abused pussy. Lewd sloshing sounds filled the room along with his grunts and moans, and her little yelps each time he hit bottom. I remember thinking, "I know exactly how good that stretched out, cum filled pussy feels, since I just had Jason's sloppy seconds myself less than 24 hours ago,"
Jill was cumming again under Jason's assault. Her hips met his every thrust as she writhed beneath the big stud. I guess watching Ted fuck her had taken it's toll, because it wasn't long until he pulled his cum coated cock out and bellowed, as he shot long strings of thick juice all over her. The first shot hit her dead in the face, followed by half a dozen more that splattered her tits and stomach. Jill licked the cum from her lips, before gathering more up with her fingers and sucking it off, while looking at each of us in turn.
She looked like such a slut, with warm cum oozing from her pussy and coating her entire upper body. Her hair was a mess and her legs were still spread wide as if waiting for more cock. My dick was already stiff again from watching the naughty scene play out.
The guys seemed to know that it was time to go. They dressed quickly, and then each one kissed her messy little lips before thanking us for our hospitality and leaving.
Now that I had her all to myself I couldn't get enough. Her tongue tasted so naughty when I kissed her. The salty flavor was exhilarating, a potent reminder of the slut that my sweet lover had become for me. I smeared Jason's cum around her nipple with two fingers before letting my hand slide across her slippery belly to the open gash of her well use cunt. Three fingers slid in easily as I stirred the juices left there by her lovers. I wrapped my lips around her slippery nipple as my fingers found her G Spot. It took mere seconds until my gooey fingers had her moaning and writhing with pleasure. When she began to squirt, her thin fluids were joined by copious amounts of sperm rolling down her ass to puddle on the bed.
I let her calm down a bit before mounting her. Jason's cum made her skin slippery as I slid into position. I hardly felt the walls of her messy pussy as my cock found it's way inside. She was so hot and wet that there was almost no friction. I just pummeled her poor abused tunnel hard and fast from the start. We slipped and slid together as we fucked, smearing the cum from her previous lovers between us. I knew that she was exhausted and sore, but I didn't care as I used her mercilessly for my own pleasure.
My orgasm came upon me much sooner than I would have liked. It felt like every nerve in my body was on overload. Our bodies slipped and slid together on the remains of Jason's cum, while my cock was immersed in Ted's sloppy load. The sound of skin slapping wet skin filled the room as my cock swelled and began to flood her messy hole with my sperm. It felt as if all of my spinal fluid was being drained through my cock. My body twitched and jerked uncontrollably as I moaned out my pleasure, before collapsing onto Jill exhausted and satisfied.
Eventually we were able to drag ourselves back to the shower to wash the crusty remains of our evening from our bodies. I knew that we would need time to digest the events of this weekend, before discussing things.
When we woke up the Sun was pouring through the curtains. We didn't see the guys again as we packed our car, and got on the road. Jill was soon asleep, leaving me time to think. I knew that our relationship was solid, and that in the end we would talk this through and come out stronger for it. I wasn't worried at all, because I knew that we both understood that sex is just sex, but what we have together is rare and precious.
My sweet lover had finally given in to my kinky desires, and I loved her more than ever for it. As we arrived back home, I couldn't help but wonder what our next adventure would be. Somehow I knew that there would be a next adventure. Like Jill always says, "Life begins at the edges."