After that night of prancing about nude in my balcony and around my building, I embraced my new naked risk-taking hobby with the enthusiasm of a new convert. I could not do anything for a while after that night, because Anagha, my air-hostess roommate was back in town. But luckily, Anagha informed me that in a few days, she would be gone for a week for some training program in Malaysia. From then on, it was a countdown in my head, in days, hours and minutes, until she left. And finally she left.
The final episode of that night, with Moti (the dog) barking and a couple of lights coming on had made me cautious. So the first night after Anagha left was more or less a replay of that earlier night. I waited till about 2:30 am, and then started my excursions. I made frequent naked trips to the balcony, spending several minutes sitting on the ledge naked even as multiple cars passed by. I went up and down the stairs a few times. Walked naked around the other wings. I also did a little new stuff. Like walking naked up and down the stairs of wings 3 and 5. I also did the locking myself out thing by hiding keys in different places, but all within the "safe" zone. By the time that night was through, I had masturbated almost a dozen time in different locations all over the building. And no, I did not encounter the dog again, but then I had kept a more-than-safe distance from wing 1 and the watchman's kiosk.
The next evening as I was in my car coming back from work, I started thinking that I needed to take it up a notch that night. The same routine for a third night would get bo-ring. I tried thinking of a scenario in which I could go past the watchman's kiosk. Maybe a naked run around the whole building late at night if he was asleep. But whatever scenario I thought of, it seemed too risky and even foolish. The key was not getting caught and anything in the vicinity of the watchman's kiosk was almost like begging to get caught.I could not be certain that he slept every night.
As I turned on the road leading up to my building, I suddenly remembered the abandoned building opposite my balcony. Surely, that could be a useful location. Instead of driving into my building, I turned, went to the back and parked my car next to the abandoned building. Got out, locked the car, and surveyed what I saw. As I mentioned the last time, the thing had been abandoned after the builder went bankrupt. There were two empty lots on either side. And beyond the abandoned building was just vacant barren land with wild grass. The land beyond the abandoned building had not yet been allotted for development by the Delhi Development Authority.
I slowly walked towards it. Some cars were passing by and there were a few people walking past me on the street. But the abandoned building itself looked gray and completely deserted. It was three floors high (fourth floor incomplete) and kinda small... equivalent of half a wing of my building. It seemed little more than just the frame with columns and slabs, with only about half the walls filled in with bricks. There were a couple of mounds of gravel on the outside, and some broken bricks lying around. I approached the concrete stairs very slowly.
Looked around to see if there was someone like a caretaker there to ask me what I was doing. I had a story ready. I was going to say I work for a builder, he is interested in buying this land, and had sent me to take a look around. Didn't need to use the story eventually. The few people passing by on the street were paying no attention to my being there. There were a few people in the balconies of my building, but they didn't seem to be looking at me either. So I walked up the concrete steps, and examined the whole building. It was completely abandoned as I had suspected. Most of the walls that had been built were on the back and the side of the building. The front was just columns and slabs with gaping rectangles where the walls should be.
This seemed perfect for tonight, I thought to myself. Went back up to the third floor. Took out my key chain. It had an extra copy of my apartment key. Took it out of the key ring, and placed it in the farthest corner. Skipped down the stairs, got in my car and went home.
All through the evening and early on in the night I kept going to the balcony (clothed, not naked) and looking at the abandoned building, excited about my plans for later that night. The plan must seem fairly obvious to you by now. I would get naked, lock myself out, and then cross the back street, go up the abandoned building, get the key and come back. I know what you're thinking. Wouldn't I have to go past the watchman to get out of my building?
Fortunately, I would not. There was a small gate in the back compound wall which was always kept locked. It wasn't too high - just about 4 feet. And it didn't have spikes on top of it to keep intruders out. Someone athletic like me would have no trouble just climbing and jumping over it. At about 11 pm, I decided to take a short nap before my adventure. I set the alarm for 2:45 am, and went to sleep.
Got up when the alarm went off, took off all my clothes and got naked. Went to the balcony first. It amazed me how nonchalant I was these days in going to the balcony naked. What a contrast from just a few days ago when I had panicked at being out there naked for a few seconds. Anyway, I stood in the balcony and examined the abandoned building carefully. It seemed completely empty and deserted, just like when I had visited it in the evening. There was no one on the streets as far as my eyes could see.
This adventure was going to require a touch of luck.... or rather, an absence of bad luck. I had estimated the time it would take for me to go from the outside of my building after jumping off the gate, to go into the abandoned building to be around 10 seconds. I just had to cross the street. I would make sure there were no pedestrians around before I got out of my building, of course. The only risk was of a vehicle suddenly driving by. But over the past few nights I had observed that the frequency of vehicles on the back road that late at night was very low. Maybe one vehicle every half hour or so. So the odds were in my favor.
I looked around and made sure all the windows and balconies in my building were dark and empty. And then decided, well, here goes. No point in dilly-dallying. I walked out of my door. Stood there naked for a few seconds with the door open.... asked myself one last time... was I sure I wanted to do this? Yes, I was. This was going to be awesome! Pulled the door, and heard the lock click shut. Well, no going back now, I said to myself.
Started walking down the stairs. This had become a routine too, so I was nonchalant again. How short-lived that nonchalance was to be. As I reached the first floor and was about to walk down the final flight of stairs and descend to the ground floor..... what was that? A car's noise? Yes. Please don't let it be for my wing, please don't let it be for my wing. Damn, it was! The car stopped right in front of my wing and some people got out.
I could hear voices. A male and a female. I instantly recognized the female voice with a shock - it was my roommate Anagha! Why was she here? She was supposed to be in Malaysia for the whole week. I slowly poked my head around to see who was with her. It was an older man... probably in his fifties. Who the hell was he, I wondered. I had never seen him before. Could it be her father? Very likely. As they started walking closer with their suitcases in hand, I ran back up to the 2nd floor and crouched in a dark corner. They were almost sure to take the elevator. Which they did.
I watched the elevator display indicate that it had reached the 6th floor. And I faintly heard Anagha and the older man walking inside the apartment and shutting the door. I sat down on the stairs in disappointment. What was I to do now? If it had been Anagha alone, I might have still gone up, knocked the door, and gone in. She would have seen me naked, I would have had to explain myself, she would have been shocked and scandalized. Maybe even wanted to change roommates. But at least my predicament would have ended. I could not do that since this old man, probably her dad, was with her. The shame would be too much. I decided that going up and knocking the door naked, with the old man there, was simply not an option.
What if Anagha noticed me gone? Shouldn't be too big of a deal, I thought. She might just assume I am away for the night. My clothes were strewn around in the living room, but she might put it down to my untidiness. So there was no danger of her looking around for me.
Well, I told myself, the basic task remains the same. Even if she had not turned up, I would have had to go across the street naked, get the keys and let myself in. I'll have to do that anyway. I'll just make sure to wait until she had fallen asleep and then sneak back in. The man, maybe her dad, would probably sleep in the guest bedroom. So the living area would be empty. I'd just open the door in the dark quietly and run to my bedroom.
Alright then, I thought. I'd better get on with it. Climbed down the stair and crossed to the back of the building. Everything was dark as usual. And the only light I saw on was through a closed window in our apartment, which was obviously Anagha. However, the window was closed, so unless she came out to the balcony, I was safe. I tiptoed across the back driveway and to the small back gate. Looked up. Our balcony was empty. Checked the street. No cars or pedestrians. Across the road, I could see my destination - the staircase of the abandoned building.
In a jiffy I climbed up the gate, jumped out, and sprinted across the empty street. It seemed like my bad luck for the night was done, because no car came by. Reached the stairs of the abandoned building, took a few steps up and stopped. Turned around to confirm I was still undetected. Sure enough, street empty, my building dark except for the light in our apartment, and all balconies including ours dark and empty.
I ran up to the third floor and got hold of the key. Half the job done. Now all I had to do was wait for Anagha and the old man to fall asleep. For that I would have to keep an eye on my apartment. I slowly walked to about 3 feet from the edge, and looked up at our 6th floor apartment. The light was still on. I decided to wait for the lights to go off, give it another 20 minutes or so for them to fall asleep. I found a relatively comfortable spot behind a column to hide me from the view of anyone in my building or on the street, and sat on the floor patiently with an eye on the apartment windows and balcony.
About ten minutes later, the light was turned off. Good, it seemed like they were turning in. Pretty soon I could go back home and end this nightmarish night. I was sitting there biding my time when a couple of minutes later, I noticed some movement in our balcony. My eyes had gotten used to the darkness by now. I saw Anagha and the old man come into the balcony. I saw a tiny flash of light, which I guessed to be matches or a cigarette lighter. The man stood there smoking and talking to Anagha. A couple of minutes later, Anagha lit a cigarette as well. I knew that I was hidden from them in my position, but just to be safe I crept back a little more and kept watching intently. Anagha didn't smoke much, to the best of my knowledge. Maybe once or twice a week. And she didn't really seem the type who would share a smoke with her father.
Maybe he isn't her father after all, I thought to myself. In five minutes, both of them put their cigarettes out and what they did next confirmed that he wasn't her father. He bent down and kissed Anagha, and Anagha kissed him back. They kissed passionately for at least a few minutes, groping and fondling each other. I felt guilty spying on them like this, so I turned away. I resolutely kept my eyes in the opposite direction for a minute, but then my voyeuristic instincts got the better of me and I turned to look again. I couldn't see Anagha. It was just the old man standing there, facing sidways. His left hand was on the balcony ledge and his right hand held another cigarette. Anagha has gone inside, I thought to myself.
Then I noticed that he kept looking down to the balcony floor every few seconds. Almost simultaneously, I noticed some movement through the bars under the balcony ledge. Oh god! Anagha wasn't inside! I realized that she was on her knees giving the guy a blowjob. Right there on the balcony. I kept watching spellbound as the blowjob continued for a few minutes more.
Then Anagha got up and her head and torso became visible again. The man put out the cigarette and they kissed again for a couple of minutes. He then, it seemed to me quite forcefully, pushed Anagha towards the balcony ledge. Her elbows were on the ledge and she was looking over the side. I noticed her scan the surroundings to make sure no one in the building was watching. For a few seconds she looked at the abandoned building too, but did not notice my hidden self.And then she looked up. And kept looking up. Well, I don't think she was actually "looking" up, because chances are her eyes were closed.
The man had stepped back, and since they were 3 floors above me, had gone out of my sight. All I could see at that point was Anagha, bent over the ledge, with her head thrown back, moving rhythmically. He was clearly fucking her from behind. For a few minutes, he kept on with his gentle strokes. Then I noticed something was thrown over Anagha's head. I realized it was the back of her dress. And then faintly but quite audibly I heard,
SMACK....SMACK....SMACK....SMACK...
He seemed to be spanking her ass pretty hard as he drilled her. I still couldn't quite see him because they were on the 6th floor and I was on the 3rd. On an impulse, I decided I needed a better view. The fourth floor had been only partially constructed. It had columns and some walls, but no ceiling. I reasoned with myself that if I went up to the fourth floor, positioned myself towards one of the back corners, I would have a better view of them both, and yet, I would be in the dark and hidden, even if there was no roof. The trick was to creep up the stairs stealthily, and along the walls in the darker shadows.
Which is what I did. Crept up the stairs and with one eye on them, gradually moved along the wall to the back corner. The two were probably too busy fucking to notice if a unicorn had jumped on to the roof. As I sat in a dark corner, hidden behind a small half-built column, I became acutely aware of the fact that there was no roof on top of my head. It was just stars. The place I was hiding in must be clearly visible from the higher floors of my building in daylight. I just hoped that i had been correct in assuming that the darkness, the even darker shadows in the corner, and the column would keep me hidden.
I turned my attention back to the balcony. Yes, I could now see the man's head and shoulders. I also noticed that Anagha's dress had come off completely, and the tempo of the fucking had gone up. All Anagha seemed to have on was a bra, and her captive tits were oscillating slightly, inches above the balcony ledge. My tits are the biggest among all the non-fat women I know, but Anagha's came close. She definitely wore a C-cup too. I had never seen her tits.... until about five seconds later. The man unhooked her bra, took it off and threw it on the balcony floor. Anagha was now completely naked, just like me, and was being fucked on our balcony. And I had thought MY antics would scandalize her.
The man then seemed to go into overdrive. He grabbed hold of Anagha's hair and pulled it back with a jerk. As he did so, her back straightened, and her magnificent boobs got raised. He then started drilling her at an astonishing pace, almost like a high power jackhammer. Anagha let out a yelp that I heard quite clearly. She seemed utterly unconcerned by the possibility of some neighbors waking up and catching them in the act. She was too far gone for that. The man however still seemed to be aware of those risks. His right hand was holding her hair. His left hand went around her face and covered her mouths to muffle her yelps. And yet his fucking intensity never waned. It was quite a sight. An old man with, what I now noticed, a visible pot belly, grabbing a woman by her hair and around her mouth, and fucking her like they were bunnies. On an open balcony in the middle of the night.
I should tell you that by now I had been fingering my clit and finger-fucking myself alternately for about five minutes too. The whole scene in front of my eyes, coupled with my own situation was too erotic not to. Suddenly Anagha started swaying from side to side and jerking. The man kept his hand tightly on her mouth even as she was clearly having an intense orgasm. The extremely violent and wild reaction of Anagha's sent me over the edge too, and I had the biggest orgasm of that year. I fought desperately to keep quiet through it, and succeeded for the most part. Except for when the orgasm ended and I involuntarily let out a short but loud sigh - "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
I looked up immediately. The man's head had visibly turned and he seemed to be looking in my direction. Anagha however, seemed too caught up in her own bliss to notice. She had stoped shaking and shivering, and was now limply bent over the ledge. I was motionless, not daring to move. I was pretty sure I was well hidden, but I could not be positive whether and what the man had seen. I could not make out their faces, so even if he saw me, he could not make out mine. But I didn't know if he had noticed my nakedness. He looked in my direction for a good 10 seconds or so. And then he looked away, and towards Anagha.
He pulled her up, turned her around and kissed her. Then he lifted her up from the waist and sat her on the ledge. I noticed for the first time that he was quite a big man. Anagha is tall, and he stood more than a head above her. He must have easily been 6'4" or 6'5". He had really thick bulging arms and forearms, almost like a wrestler's. And there was the pot belly of course. He seemed like someone who had been heavily into body-building in his younger days, but had let himself go.
But I digress. He lifted her, very effortlessly, and put her on the ledge facing him. He put one huge arm around her waist and another around her shoulder. And, I noticed with amazement, started banging her again. For some reason I had assumed that just because Anagha came, and I came, he must have had an orgasm too. But he clearly was not done. Hugging her tightly, he kept banging her hard and fast. I looked at Anagha's tight and round butt with admiration, as it moved, shivered and flexed under his assault.
And then, he move his head forward, past and over Anagha's shoulder, and looked in my direction again. I could not see the expressions on his face, but I got the feeling he was smiling. Then he looked down for a second, looked up again, and then looked down again. I realized he wanted me to look down too. At what? Anagha's ass? No, i realized as I looked down. He wanted me to look at his right hand which was near Anagha's right shoulder-blade.
The hand was making a thumbs up sign, which he then pointed in his own direction. I watched spellbound as the thumb then gradually went down, and the index finger came up. He then thrust his hand forward, in my direction, pointing at me. Then his index finger was folded again, and his middle finger came up. He held his hand with the middle finger upstretched, as if flipping me off, but then moved his hand up and down, up and down, up and down, rapidly five times. He then stretched all fingers out, and turned his palm over a couple of times. My brain decoded his message - I will fuck you next.
I stayed rooted in my spot and watched as he kept fucking Anagha for at least ten more minutes. She seemed exhausted and was grabbing on to him, almost like a life-size doll. He repeated his gestures to me a few more times. I was now completely at a loss about what to do. He had seen me. Whether he had seen my nakedness or not, he had heard me cum, and guessed that I had been spying on them and masturbating. He knew I was on top of an abandoned building. And although he had no idea who I was, and that I was actually Anagha's roommate, I was almost completely at his mercy. Unless I could get out of there fast and find some other place to hide.
Finally he stopped pummeling her. He then pulled her down from the ledge, backed away and stood sideways. I started thinking about how to get out from the building when my eyes, for the first time, got a look at his groin. And what I saw stunned me into amazement. Although it was just an outline, the size of his dick was clearly visible to me. It was huge, even in proportion with the rest of his body. Even from 2 floors down and a hundred feet away, I could tell that it was easily at least nine inches, and quite thick. My view of it was obstructed as Anagha bent down from the waist and started sucking it. He grabbed her hair and pulled her head onto it, and even though a lot of it was inside her mouth, more than half was still outside.
I watched rapt as he bucked his hips forward, clearly ejaculating into her mouth. He stayed taut and stretched forward from the hip for about ten seconds. And when he released Anagha's hair, she sprang up straight, held her hand to her mouth for a moment, and then bent over the ledge and spat out a big load down to the ground. I was amazed at the amount of jizz she spat out. Seemed like about half a pint.
He put his right hand on her back as if to comfort her, and with his left hand pointed at me once more. He said something to her, and immediately went inside the apartment. I watched Anagha straighten, run her hands through her hair, follow him inside, and close the balcony door behind her.
As I sat in my hidden spot, I realized my fingers, unknown to me, were still working on my clit. I drew my hand back, disgusted at myself for being turned on, even when I was in such a soup. And I started racking my brain. OK, what do I do now? He said I am next. Was he just kidding with me, or is he actually going to come over. If he was coming over at once, I did not have much time. I should run somewhere. But where? Ah, I could run into the building and hide in one of the other wings. That way if he comes looking for me in the abandones building, he wouldn't find me. And then wait an hour or so for him to give up, go to sleep. Then sneak into the house, go to my bedroom, and just stay there until I hear him leave the next morning.
Yes, that sounded like a plan. I sprinted down the stairs two steps at a time, was out of the building and was about to cross the street when I noticed my empty hands....damn.... where was the key? I had picked it up for sure. Where did I drop it? For a moment, I considered just running into our building anyway, and coming back for the key later. But I decided not to put it off till later. After all, it would take time for him to get dressed, give Anagha some excuse and then come over. I had time.
Now, it turns out that looking for a key in darkness is very easy when you know exactly you have kept it. But not at all easy when you have to search for it. I first ran to the third floor. It took me a good two-three minutes to get down on my hands and knees and look for it. Nope, it did not seem to be here. So I ran up to the fourth floor, and searched my spot. What the hell? Not here either? Where could it be? Oh crap...maybe I dropped it somewhere between the third and fourth floor as I was sneaking up for a better view. I started retracing my steps slowly, I crawled to the stairs and went down one step at a time.
Whether it was because I was totally engrossed in searching my key and was oblivious to anything else, or because he sneaked up without any noise, but I never heard him coming until it was too late. I was crawling down the steps, looking and feeling for the keys when I reached the third floor, and suddenly, two feet came into my line of sight. They were almost right in front of me. I looked up and saw, it was him. I sat down on one of the stairs, pulled my knees close, and wrapped my hands around them. He looked at me and seemed genuinely surprised. Ah, so he had not seen that I was naked. That explained the look of amazement on his face.
But it lasted only a moment, and he said,
"I have always been a very lucky man. Whatever I want always seems to fall right into my lap. In fact often a lot more than I had wanted."
I opened my mouth to say something, but no words came out. My mind was blank. I had no idea what to say. He came closer and sat next to me on the stairs and said,
"For example, today. I am sitting in a coffee shop in Kuala Lumpur in the morning. Admiring young beauties, and wondering if I have become too old to be with women like them again. And you know what happens?"
"What?" I asked.
"This amazingly beautiful woman comes to my table and screeches...OH MY GOD IJAZ!!!!... that's my name by the way. I am Ijaz. And you are?" he said, extending his hand towards me. I stayed silent.
"Still shy? Well, frankly from your attire.... or the lack of it, the last thing you seem is shy. But anyway, I am Ijaz. So this hot woman comes to me, says my name, and hugs me. I am taken aback. But in a few seconds I place her. It's this chick who used to live in my neighborhood like a decade back, and was totally into me. We had slept together a couple of times back when she was just 18. Small world!"
I was trying to formulate a strategy of responding to him, fighting off his advances, and somehow getting out of this situation. But I could not help listen to what he was saying.
"So I say to this chick...Neha!! What a surprise. It's been such a long time! Turns out she's changed her name from Neha to Anagha. Something to do with a stalker in college. So we start talking, catch up, reminisce about the old days. Now I don't know if she is married or dating or what. So I don't really make a move, you know. After an hour, I say, OK Neha...Anagha...whatever... I need to get going now. I have to fly back to Delhi tonight."
"She says she lives in Delhi too. Gives me her number, and asks me to call. Then she says, I wish you had some more time today. I say well, you said you're an air-hostess. I'm sure you have a year-round open ticket. Just fly back with me to Delhi. Now, I just said it as a joke. But like I said, I am a lucky man. She actually thinks about it!! Pretty amazing, right?"
"Hmmmmm" I responded. So this is why she came back early, I thought.
"So right in front of me, she calls up her airline HR people. And just lies with a straight face. Says her grandma is on her deathbed so she needs to return to Delhi right away. Can you believe that? For an old fart like me! She gets a ticket in the same fllight as mine. We come back, and decide to go to an all night coffee shop. But drop off the luggage at her place first. Would you like a smoke?"
He asked as he took out a pack of cigarettes and a lighter from his pocket. I used to smoke pretty heavily, but had given up a couple of years back. But in a tense and impossible situation like this, with my nerves frayed, a smoke sounded like manna from heaven. I nodded and took a cigarette. He lit mine first, and then lit his.
"So we go up to her place. And another bonus. Turns out her roommate is not at home to cramp our style. So instead of just the bedroom, we have the reins of the whole house. So we talk a little, she pours us some wine. And it is clear we are not going to any coffee shop. We go out to the balcony for smoking. And well, the waiting game gets too much for both of us. We start making out. I say to her, let's go inside. But she says, no. I want it right here. On the balcony. I don't care if the world sees us."
The cigarette did help me calm down a little.
"Now it seems to me like a pretty reckless and stupid thing to do, frankly. Fucking on the balcony in these times of camera-phones. So I try to convince her to go in, but she doesn't want to. I reluctantly agree. And guess what? My not having my way turns out to be a bonus too. You know how?"
"I think I have an idea." I said despondently.
"Hey! Attagirl! You can speak in multiple syllables. Yes, you know how. I hear you letting out what was clearly a post-orgasm sigh. And then I make out from the silhouette that there's a randy woman across the road spying on us and pleasuring herself. Frankly, I thought it would be a gypsy woman. They squat in a lot of these abandoned buildings some times. Now gypsy women.... to be honest, they stink. But I am turned on by them anyway. Maybe it's those backless blouses and armful of bracelets, you know?"
"So once we were done fucking, I say to Neha.. I mean Anagha.... I need to go send an urgent fax that I forgot all about. And I run down the stairs, come over here, expecting to find some stinky gypsy woman. And instead.... well... another bonus. A completely unwrapped present. A hot.... and if I may say, non-stinky girl.... with the most luscious set of tits I have ever seen.... on all fours, naked. So tell me.... am I not the luckiest man in the world?"
"What are you going to do to me?" I asked in a weak voice.
"What am I going to do to you? Heavens, woman! What kind of a man do you think I am? I can tell you what I'd like us both to do together. But saying I am going to do something to you makes me sound like some sort of a .... rapist."
"I didn't mean to imply that." I said, for some odd reason getting all defensive.
"Tell you what. Here's what I am going to do. I am going to put out this cigarette", he said stubbing it out and throwing it down the stairs, "Then I am going to go inside there." he pointed to the third floor space, "and then I am going to take my pants off and lie down. You have seen with your own eyes what I've got and what I can do. You'll also be interested to know that the 2nd time in the night for me lasts twice as long as the first time. The choice is up to you. Either you put out the cigarette, turn around, and go wherever you want to go. Or.... well... you know.."
Ijaz got up from the stairs and walked into the third floor space. He moved towards the back wall, turned around to face me. Unbuttoned his pants and took them off. And then, as he had said, he lay down on the concrete floor. His dick was standing erect, at attention. I could not take my eyes off of it. It really was huge, and thick as I had thought. And the bulbous head was even thicker.
I said to myself, stop fooling yourself. You know you want it. You want to taste it. You want it inside you. You want to be fucked for a long time for a change instead of those guys you've been with recently who think lasting ten minutes is something to boast about. Go ahead. Just give in to the moment. Isn't that what you have been doing for the last few days?
I put out the cigarette and walked inside. Ijaz looked at me with a wry smile on his face, as if he was always certain I was going to give in. And give in I did. And it was totally worth it. First I sucked his circumcised cock for about ten minutes. Sucked on his huge balls. Deep throated his entire shaft. Licked and played with the head. Then I mounted it. Rode him for about ten minutes, hopping up and down, sliding back and forth, feeling his head touch me in places that had rarely been touched. Felt the girth of his dick stretch my pussy to its maximum. Bent down and kissed him, our tongues playing with each other as his hands mauled my huge and sensitive boobs.
Then I got off, stood up, bent over and put my hands on the wall as he took off his shirt and ravaged me from behind like a jackhammer, still mauling my tits. Fifteen minutes of that, and his cellphone started ringing. He bent down and took it out from the pocket of his pants on the ground. Got back to hammering me and answered the phone. And said in a very straight voice without any signs of breathlessness,
"Oh hey Anagha... was just about to call you.......yeah, I am just sending that fax...... no no sweetheart, I did not run away.....haha, you are being silly..... no, don't worry, yeah, I'll be back soon...... yes I know we need to fuck in the living room and kitchen before this Teju woman returns in the morning.....yeah, promise. Okay, I've to hang up now. Gotta pay for the fax."
I smiled as I heard my name being mentioned in that context. And I realized he still didn't know I was Teju.
He then decided he wanted to fuck me standing up and dangling from his arms in the air. Now, I am no fatso. I pride myself on my flat stomach and toned abs. But I am no size zero waif either. I had previously been with only one man strong enough to actually pick me up, and hold me in mid-air while fucking me. Sadly, his dick had been barely 5 inches, and since that position does not exactly maximize penetration, the pleasure that time was more mental than physical.
But with Ijaz, it was different. Even with a couple of inches sticking out, he had enough inside of me to hit all the right spots. First he picked me up and held me by the waist, as I wrapped my legs around his waist and my hands around his neck. He fucked me like that for close to ten minutes. It felt great, but his pot belly was quite intrusive. I was bent in the waist at a weird angle because of his belly. He probably sensed the discomfort and had a solution.
"Unwrap your legs", he said to me. I did as he said. I was now hanging to him by my arms around his neck, and of course, the other pivot point was his dick in my cunt. "Go with what I do. It is more comfortable for you, and it also helps more of my dick go inside."
He lifted both of my knees with either hand, and put them over his fore-arm. Then he asked me not wrap my arms around his neck too tight, but only keep my fingers locked around his neck. As I did so, I sloped backwards, and away from his pot belly. And then he raised his forearms, with my knees dangling over them, about a foot higher. I was almost perpendicular to his body now. And then he rammed the whole length of his dick into me in one swift motion. Ah, that did the trick, and my orgasm approached. A few more forceful strokes from him and I was delirious as my whole body shook with the force of the oncoming climax. I was moaning and shaking uncontrollably, as he said,
"Listen. Unlock your fingers, and gradually stretch back. Then when I hold your waist, stretch your legs."
Even as the orgasm surged through my body I did as he said, and he swift moved his arms from under my knees and grabbed my waist powerfully. My back was outstretched, but he was so tall that my head was still more than a foot off the ground. I stretched my legs straight, and he rammed into me one more time. And that made my orgasm hit the crescendo. It took a minute to completely pass, and I sighed, "AAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
"There it is" he said with a chuckle, "The sigh that brought us together. Now.... mind if i keep going?"
I looked at him with the delirious eyes and signaled that I did not mind at all. He laid me down on the floor gradually, got on top of me, and fucked me missionary style. Fifteen minutes and two more of my orgasms later, he said in a wheezing voice,
"OK, almost done. Where do you want it? Pussy, mouth or tits?"
"Mouth." I said.
He withdrew from my cunt, grabbed my hair and pulled me upwards. I took it in my mouth and immediately he started squirting. Flowing would be a more appropriate word. Even after the huge load he had deposited in Anagha's mouth, he still kept cumming in mine for ten seconds or so. I usually like to take cum in my mouth, hold it there, swirl it around, open my mouth to show it to the guy, and then swallow it. Guys love it when I do that. But with Ijaz, the volume of the cum was so high that if I had not swallowed in between, it would have spilt out of my mouth. And when you swallow once, the second swallow is usually a reflex.
He pulled his dick out of my mouth. I smiled and opened my mouth to show him that it was empty.
"Wow! That's impressive. A woman hasn't been able to swallow my whole load so quickly in years. Anagha earlier tonight was able to swallow just half and spat out half like most women do. That's why I never ask a woman spit or swallow. Haha. But you are quite something......hey..I don't even know your name!"
"My name is Tejashri" I replied as I played with his softening dick, "Everyone calls me Teju."
"Teju?" Ijaz paused as if to remember something. "Wait a minute. Don't tell me you're the Teju who is Anagha's roommate."
I smiled and nodded.
"Well, that....well, that complicates matters a bit. But before that, this is the part where you tell me why the hell you were buck naked in an abandoned building next to your home in the middle of the night."
I filled him in on the whole story, as he got dressed. From my small adventure on the balcony, to how it snowballed into the present scenario. He was amazed at my chutzpah, and said he would get me back into the house. We looked for my lost key and found it next to one of the third floor walls.
He got dressed and we cautiously crossed the street. It was now quarter to five, and any minute the paperboys and milkmen would start making their appearance. We jumped over the back gate, and walked up the stairs. Fortunately, everyone in the building still seemed to be asleep. When we reached the sixth floor, he stopped there and I ran up to the 7th floor.
"There you are!" I heard Anagha say as she opened the door.
"Yes, here I am." Ijaz said, and walked in.
Then as he told me, I counted to a hundred with the tik-tiks. I mean...tik-tik-one-tik-tik-two-tik-tik-three and so on. Once I reached hundred, I walked down the stairs, put my key in the door, opened it slowly and peered inside. Yes, the living room was empty. Ijaz had done as he'd said. I stepped inside and closed the door gently behind me, to avoid making any noise.
Then I sprinted to my bedroom like Usain Bolt on steroids. Slammed the door shut and breathed a sigh of relief. I immediately went to the closet, put on underwear, jeans and a t-shirt. I then walked out to the living room and gathered the clothes from last night that I had scattered there.
"Teju, is that you?" Anagha said in a breathless voice from her bedroom. She was clearly being fucked again.
"Yes, it's me." I replied.
"Be out in a minute." she said, clearly biting her lips.
Anagha came out of the bedroom in a couple of minutes, wrapped in a terrycloth robe.
"Hey, how are you doing?" she said, "Wow, look at how dishevelled your hair is. And what's that dried stuff in the hair" she as she touched a part of my hair that was stuck together, probably because of the cum on my fingers as I ran them through the hair, "Ewww... hehe...is that what I think it is? You seem to have had quite a night."
"Yes" I replied tentatively "Quite a night."
"You should tell me all about him at breakfast. I've actually....hehe.... got a guy in my room too." she winked. "It's such an amazing coincidence....."
That's when Ijaz poked his head out of her door and said,
"Anagha.... I'm waiting!"
"Coming, sweetie." she said. Ijaz smiled at me politely and closed the door. Anagha turned to me and said with a grimace on her face, "Teju... I know how it looks... he's an old guy... but it's special. It's you know.... he's someone I've had a thing for since I was a kid..."
"Relax Anagha. No judgment. Seriously. Whatever makes you happy." I said with a gentle smile.
"Thanks Sweetie." she leant over to hug me. "Wow, did you smoke? I thought you've been off it since..."
"Yes, I smoked. But we'll talk about it later. You go back to Ijaz. Hehe" I pushed her towards her bedroom.
"Hehe. Okay. Yeah, I should. I'll tell you about him later... he's the one! Anyway, talk to you later." Anagha walked away. She stopped near the bedroom door and said, "Wait, aren't you surprised to see me back so soon? I was gonna be gone for a week."
"Oh yeah, of course. Sorry, I've had a long night. How did you come back so early." I said feigning surprise.
"Oh, it all had to do with him. I'll introduce you to him later. Bye for now."
And she went back inside her room. I turned around, went inside my bedroom and crashed on my bed, overwhelmed by feelings of exhaustion, satisfaction, relief, contentment, excitement, and the latest entry after the conversation with Anagha - the guilt.
------------------------------------------
Epilogue
(Anagha narrates)
I walked into my bedroom, and Ijaz was sitting on the bed naked, his dick fully erect.
"Sorry, I just had to talk to Teju a bit." I said as I took off my robe, pushed him back and got on top of him, taking his dick inside gradually.
"That's OK. Seems like a sweet girl." Ijaz said as he grabbed my waist and started thrusting into me upwards.
"Yeah she is. Best roommate I have ever had." I said as his dick started probing me deeper. "I'll introduce you two......"
I paused, even as Ijaz kept thrusting into me. I pushed his hands off and got off him. And sat next to him, stunned.
"What happened?" Ijaz asked with a surprised look on his face."You look upset. What happened?"
"What happened?" I said in an icy cold voice. "I'll tell you what happened. What happened is, I never introduced you two, even when you poked your head out of the bedroom."
"So? That's OK. She'll understand. You can introduce us later." Ijaz replied.
"No, I never introduced you two. I've never told her about you. Never mentioned your name. And yet you know what she said to me when I asked about her smoking?" I said, with my voice rising.
"Umm....what?" Ijaz said.
"She said to me - 'you go back to Ijaz'" I replied, no almost yelling. "How the fuck does she know your name Ijaz???"