I know I touched on it earlier, but Alex and I busted our asses all through October. This night at the Nipley was our idea, and we wanted to see it succeed. Not just for the sake of our place of employment, but for us as well. Sure we had 'grades' and 'classes' to worry about, but why would we put our educations and futures in front of planning a Halloween party at our part-time job? Yeah Brendan put together most of the line-up, bought all the liquor, handled the day-to-day, and more or less put 3-4 of these things together weekly, but hey! This was our first time in the driver's seat. We wanted it to kick ass!
So what if we stayed up until 4 in the morning making and editing our flyer, putting Lisa's band front and center? Did we do this before we had them locked in? Yes. So what if called them 'Hellfire' on said flyer when they had yet to name themselves. We were young! Excited! Motivated!
And yeah, we blew off class to print them. We may or may not have exceeded our semester printing limit by about 200 pages. Word on the street was those kind of debts didn't need to get paid until graduation, and that was years down the road. And if we didn't get our diplomas, who cares (Note: You should always care, as we should have). So we have our flyers, we just need to get our stars.
That was an... interesting road. Alex and I beg and plead Lisa, Ruth, Roxy, and Rosy. Ruth is the easy sell, which is somewhat surprising. She's all for it, on one condition, which she lays out clearly in text.
"Your tongue on my clit."
So that's how Ruth winds up in my dorm late one afternoon, grinding her pussy on my face and screaming into her hand. I do my due diligence, after which she pulls off my pants while informing me she isn't done yet. When we are, I ask her if she's down to perform.
"Duh," she says. "But I've been pushing us to perform for awhile. Roxy will agree, but Lisa and Rosy are going to be tough."
"Why's that?" I ask. "Lisa doesn't want to perform until everything is perfect, every note on point," says Ruth. "Rosy, for all her tough talk, is shy as hell. She'll get up there eventually, but it'll take some convincing."
"Will she as fun to convince as you?" I ask. She giggles. "No. That'll take the three of us convincing her. So, you and Alex need to get Lisa on our side and we'll take care of the rest."
Lisa? I figure that's all Alex, and that night he goes to her place, and I kick back in the empty dorm, think about hitting up Ruth to come back over. Dare I say, she should invite Roxy too? I smile as I let my mind meander down that path. I close my eyes, see Ruth and Roxy pulling their tops off...
And am brought back to reality by a slamming door, stomping feet. It's not Ruth or Roxy standing before me, it's Lisa. And she is not topless. Nor, from the look in her eye, anywhere close to aroused. Alex follows behind her, eyes wide, shaking his head at me. I open my mouth to say something, am cut off when Lisa holds up a piece of crumpled paper. I'm struck dumb at the sight of our flyer.
"Hell...Fire?" Lisa asks, through gritted teeth. I stammer, am silenced by her glare.
"Hellfire," she says again. "The best you two morons can do... is... Hellfire?"
"Well, we thought that..."
"And where the fuck did this picture come from?" Lisa's voice is calm, a sudden calm, more disconcerting than if she decided to yell. I am afraid to answer. But I do, because, well, I'm far more scared to NOT answer.
"Instagram?" I whisper. I think my voice cracks when I say it. Lisa glares at me. "Whose?"
Her voice is little more than a whisper. I doubt that I have ever been more scared in my life. I glance at Alex, who shakes his head again. Does that mean play dumb?
"Uhhh... Rosy's." I say. "Or Roxy's." I laugh. "That's confusing, right? That has to get you guys messed up every once in awhile, I mean..."
Lisa holds up her hand, I trail off. She takes a deep breath. Closes her eyes. Another deep breath.
"You put my picture, and that of my closest friends, on a flyer that looks like it was made by an edgy eighth grader after too much Mountain Dew, and slap a shitty band name on us, and expect that to sell tickets? You think we're just a bunch of sex objects to be used by a couple of dumbasses?"
So first off... well, now, that I look at the flyer, the flames were probably too much. And okay, maybe we shouldn't have used Comic Sans to spell out 'Sexiest' when listing off the possible winning categories for the costume contest. But other than that, I thought it was okay. But wait, Lisa is waiting for my answer, lips pursed and left eyebrow jutted.
"Of course you aren't sex objects," I say. "You have any idea the quality of most of the bands we listen to at work? They suck! And yeah, we figured four college-aged gi... women would make a much better flyer than bunch of over the hill dudes trying to re-live the glory years that never happened. I will admit, we could have come up with a better name, but we needed something for the flyer, and after a couple of hours, that was the best we had. I'm sorry, we really should have asked you guys first."
"But you didn't," says Lisa.
"I know, and that was stupid," I say. I look past her at Alex. "Right?"
"Really fucking stupid," he says. "But Lisa already knows how I feel."
"Really fucking stupid, that's how he feels," Lisa says. "Really fucking stupid. You?"
"Pretty fucking stupid," I say with a sigh. "I'm sorry."
"I know," says Lisa. She jerks her head at Alex. "He is too."
She spins on her heel, walks to the door. Alex moves out of her way.
"So are you guys out?" I call after her. Lisa looks back at me, scornful and haughty.
"Of course we're gonna fucking play," she says. "Just gotta let the rest of them know."
"Ruth's down, she says Roxy is too." I say. Lisa rolls her eyes. "She make you fuck her to say that?"
"Uhhh..." I say, and Lisa scoffs. "That fucking slut. Better had made it good though, you little prick. We'll get Rosy to say yes. Fuck both of you if you think we're playing as Hellfire though. We'll let you know our name when we get on the stage." She throws the flyer to the ground and walks out of our dorm, leaving Alex and I humbled and contrite. After a few moments, we look at each other. Alex shrugs.
"I mean, we already printed them out," he says. "Might as well put them up. No one will care about the name."
So we do. Cover the campus with them. Make an appearance on the campus radio station. Make the rounds of every major social group we can think of. Lisa calls up Alex after ten days or so, they fight, he goes to her place, disappears for a couple days. Comes back exhausted. Apparently that makes it right, or at least better. I ask Ruth if I should talk to Rosy, she says no. But they're practicing, so that's a good sign, right?
Meanwhile, Alex and I are booking it, both at the Nipley and out, getting things ready. We drop a couple hundred bucks of our own money into decorations, lights, make sure the Nipley will look good. Alex actually draws up a diagram of the place, we lay out where everything will go. Brendan gets the guys who work the opposite weekends as us to work the night, and we finally meet them. Drew and Wes, about twice our age and three time as hairy. Nice dudes though, a little too willing to share their weed. Whatever, good people. Can't say we say no.
We even, in a stroke of pure brilliance (yeah okay it was Brendan's idea) get a couple food trucks to post up outside the Nipley until close. One of them is a mini-doughnut truck and yeah it sounds juvenile but damn the smell alone will probably attract half the campus.
The night before the big show, just before the Nipley opens for the night, we have a final meeting. Alex and I will come in around 2 the next afternoon, get the place ready. Drew and Wes will come in at 6, help us with any final details. Sue and Brendan, whom I am starting to wonder if they ever leave, will be in their usual places. Hell yeah. Everything should go off without a hitch.
This is very stupid of me to think. Why?
Exhibit A: This is a college town.
Exhibit B: This is a college town on Halloween.
Exhibit C: I am naive and stupid.
I don't recognize these things at the time, of course (Why? See Exhibit C). Brendan puts me and Drew at the door, checking IDs and stamping everyone who's underage. Brendan throws out two stools on either side of the door, and puts a hand on each of our shoulders.
"Not a single fake ID gets through you, that's you," Brendan says, nodding at Drew. "And you stamp everyone underage, I don't care how many tits get shoved under your face. Any dumbass college kids want to get drunk they can do it somewhere else. Not here. Take cash if they have it, but since no one uses fucking cash anymore, you boys know how to run a card?" We each nod. I mean, we don't, but how hard can it be?
Brendan shakes us. "You boys ready?"
We say yes, of course. Nothing can go wrong tonight, right?
Hey, we're (I'm) young, excited, motivated!
--
Emma looks me in the eye, holds up her ID. She's flanked by two of her friends, and all three girls are wearing more or less matching outfits. Knee-high boots, lacey boyshorts, bras with lots of extra straps. Thick make-up and cat ears. One's got a lace mask over her eyes.
"You guys going for the group category?" I ask.
"Yup," says Emma, still holding up her ID. Drew looks over at me, one eyebrow raised. I shine a flashlight on her ID, hold up a stamp.
"Everyone under 21 needs a stamp. 5$ cover." One of her friends holds up a $20. I break it. Emma doesn't break her stare as I stamp her hand.
"Good luck," I say. Emma stares at me a second longer, walks away without a word. Her friends follow her. The one with the mask lingers a moment longer, our eyes meet. Her look is indiscernible, then she slides towards the door, lithe as the the animal she's dressed as. Hard not to follow after her (or the other two) with my eyes. I realize the one that held back wasn't wearing boots, but black socks that stop just short of mid-thigh and ankle high boots. Drew looks at me.
"That was weird," he says.
"Yeah," I say.
"You fuck her?" He asks, as a couple dressed as a pirate and a... pirate hooker? Whatever, a couple dressed as pirates walk up.
"Almost," I say. Drew checks the pirates' IDs and I stamp their hands. "Might have hooked up with her sister too."
Drew chuckles, shakes his shaggy head. "College, man."
--
When the line dies down I move inside, leaving Drew to man the door alone. The place is packed, far more than we've seen before. A mostly younger crowd than usual, and by the looks of it we're going to have a hell of a show during the costume contest later. I meet up with Alex behind the sound board as he feeds a steady stream of classic rock over the speakers.
"We good?" I ask. He nods. "So far, so good. Packed out, right?"
"Seriously," I say. I glance over at the bar. Brendan and Sue are back there, doling out drinks to the older crowd. Most of the older guys there have the back to the bar, enjoying the views in the crowd a bit too much. Well, that's gross.
"You check out the old guys with their tongues hanging out of their mouths?" I say, jerking my head to the bar. Alex glances over and shakes his head.
"Pervs bro, you want to make sure Wes has his eye on them, make sure nothing gets out of hand?" I nod. Wes is at the corner of the stage, keeping people off of it and using his relatively large bulk to keep people in line. I push my way through the crowd to his side. Wes nods at me, gives me a thumbs up.
"You good?" He yells over music. I nod, lean close to his ear and tell him about the guys at the bar.
"Can't do much about looking," he yells in my ear. "I'll keep an eye on them though, anyone gets handsy they'll be out on their ass." I respond with a thumbs up of my own, then move back to the green room. With the number of groups playing tonight the bands spill out into the hallway, packed in and grumbling about the lack of room. I take their complaints with a smile and keep walking until I find my goal, Hellfire. Or, whatever they're calling themselves. Not hard to find them, 4 girls clustered in a group surrounded my men mostly twice their age, though one other group seems pretty close to our age. The girls are huddled up, talking amongst themselves. The goal of their attire seems to be schoolgirl slasher, and I take a moment to appreciate the short skirts, ripped tights and ragged white shirts. I can't see their faces yet as they're huddled together, but from the look of the one who's back is to me, I'm coming up on Rosy. I tap her on the shoulder, then jump when she turns.
The face that turns to me is not Rosy. Well, it is, I guess. Her face is caked in white, blood dripping from the corners of her blackened mouth. Black make-up slashes vertically across her eyes, making her look more devilish than Pennywise. It's her eyes though...
"Contacts?" I ask. Rosy arches one eye, bemused. "No dumbass, they always look like this. All the other times you've seen me is with my human disguise on."
I chuckle, trying to look at ease. It's difficult though, I must admit. Rosie's eyes are a milky white, the contacts she wears blocking all color in them. I look past her at the rest of the group. Their face make-up is more or less the same, though they've gone without the contacts. Ruth winks at me and smiles, and Roxy blows me a kiss.
"How do we look?" Roxy asks. Their ripped shirts don't pass their navels and their skirts are far less than mid-thigh. Satanic clown make-up aside, they look killer.
"Awesome," I say. "You guys are on third." Rosy nods. "Come up with a name yet?"
Rosy opens her mouth to respond, but Lisa cuts her off. "You'll hear it when we get on stage."
I raise my hands in surrender. "Have it your way. You guys have everything you need?" They nod, then turn back into their huddle, Ruth giving me an extra flip of her skirt as she does so. I check in with the rest of the bands as I squeeze back through to the main room. It seems even more packed than before, and I wonder if Drew and I were supposed to be counting the crowd as they came in. Whatever, we have other things to focus on. I check back in with Alex, then run over to Brendan and Sue. Everything seems to be going along pretty well, Brendan sends me to the stage to make sure everything is ready. Instruments a go, everything connected. Just a few minutes until 9, when the first band will come on. I jump down from the stage and head back to the sound board, grab a seat next to Alex.
"We're rolling bro," I say. He smiles, claps me on the shoulder, lowers the music and grabs the microphone sitting in front of him.
"Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming tonight to the Nipley's Battle of the Bands. For those of you who want to take part in our costume contest, sign-ups for each category are the bar until 9:30. Only 30 more minutes, grab a spot while you can. Now... You guys ready to rock!?" The crowd cheers. "Alright!" Alex yells into the mic, "Our first band is a group of hometown boys made good give it up for... Spiderflame!"
Stupid name? Yes. Good band? To be honest, they're not bad. It's the other group I saw back age whose median age wasn't 45. Each band tonight gets a twenty minute set. Prep time will fly between, and the goal is to have the five bands done by 11:00. Costume contest starts about 11:20. Will we stick to the timetable? We'll see.
Spiderflame does their thing, and again, they're pretty good. A bunch of covers, one original song to end their set. By the end I'm nodding along with the music. They wave to the crowd, the lead singer tells them to look them up on Soundcloud, and the crowd cheers as they walk off. They leave the stage, clearing it for Alex and I to run up and help the next band with set-up. Drew and Wes stay at the front of the platform, keeping the pressed crowd back. The guitarist and bass player of the next band join us on stage, helping with the transition. Alex ducks back to the sound board once the instruments are set up and coordinates with the band. All in all we do a good job, get the next band up in just under 14 minutes by my watch. Fast enough? No, but we'll see if we can knock it down on the next round. I blame the bass player, who kept Alex making minute adjustments on the board, making almost no difference at all to his sound, for far too long. Minor hiccup, right?
"And now..." Alex hops back on the mic while flipping the bass player off under the table. "We bring you... Thunderblood!"
The name doesn't do much for me, the music even less. Metal band, confusing cacophony for skill. Who needs more than a couple power chords, right? Not Thunderblood. Their singer screams into the mic and the crowd is... less than receptive. Thunderblood continues their assault on the senses for their allotted time, and then continues on. One song bleeds into the next, and 20 minutes turns into 25. We're waving them down from the booth, trying to get them to shut up. Wes and Drew are casting glances back at them, trying to get the message across with some semblance of discretion. At the thirty minute mark Alex and I are staring at each other, no idea what to do. I catch movement out of the corner of my eye, and see Brendan climbing into the booth. His face is set and he looks beyond pissed. He stands behind us, glaring at the band, until the song ends. The guitarist picks up his riff for the next intro, and Brendan leans over us and cuts all their power. He picks up the mic in front of Alex.
"Hell of a performance by Thunderblood, give it up for them!" The band is glaring at us, and Brendan matches their gaze with one of his own. "Now who's ready for the next set?" A weaker applause than before is his response. Brendan pushes the mic into Alex's hand. "Last time these dumbasses ever play here. I'll talk with them, and make sure the rest of the bands know to stick to their time limit. You boys get the next ones set up."
Seeing as how we have something of a personal stake in the next band, Alex and I are determined to make sure everything's perfect. I clap Drew on the shoulder as I jump past him onto the stage. The bass player from Thunderblood is still up there messing with the amp, and I kneel down next to him, trying not to react to his body odor.
"Need a hand?" I ask. He turns his head slowly, glares at me. "You fuckers better never cut us off again."
I laugh, in all honesty, without meaning to. This guy is maybe 5'4", 120. Stringy hair, really crappy mustache. His eyes widen with rage at my laughter.
"Right," I say, not sure how else to respond. "Just get off the stage, the next band is up."
"Fuck you," he says. I sit for a moment, make sure the crowd noise is loud enough to cover up my response. "Fuck off dumbass, you've wasted enough of our time." The guy actually hisses at me, but he leaves. I watch him as he stalks off, wondering if I had truly just experienced that. Lisa moves past him without a glance, but wrinkles her nose, then raises an eyebrow at my face.
"You alright?" She asks as she kneels down next to me, guitar in one hand. I shake my head. "Yeah. That dude just hissed at me."
"Hissed like a snake?" Lisa asks. I shrug. "I mean... yeah, kinda."
She rolls her eyes. "Metal dudes are some of the coolest dudes or biggest dweebs I've ever met. Not surprised these guys suck with how they ran over time. Your boss made sure we all knew not to do the same." She leans past me and hooks up her guitar.
"Yeah, he was pissed," I respond. "You need a hand?"
"I could tell, him and the singer were laying into each other back there. And I'm good, thanks." Just then, Alex kneels down next to us.
"You good?" He asks Lisa. She winks. "I'm good, sugar booty."
I laugh, Alex stares at her. "That's new," he says.
"Thought I'd try it on for size," she says. "Now get the hell off the stage, we're ready to rock."
"Kick ass," Alex says, and she blows him a kiss.
"Hold up," he says, "Who am I introducing?"
"Rosy will take care of it, if that's cool," says Lisa. Alex shrugs. "Good with me."
I glance over to see the rest of the girls coming up, and the crowd is already way more into them than they were for Thunderblood. Any mutterings of discontent we had heard after the last band were replaced by cheers and whistles, and more than a few catcalls. Disrespectful? Yes. Alex and I jumped off the stage, not worried at all about the girls ability to handle themselves. The noise dies a bit as Rosy faces the crowd, a few unsure laughs replacing the catcalls. Alex and I settle in our seats, give Rosy a questioning thumbs up. She nods before leaning into the mic.
"Good evening," she says, her voice hoarse and breathy. "We're Kate's Cross."
Roxy lifts her violin to her shoulder and draws the bow across a string, the single note cutting through the crowd. She plays a soft melody that picks up speed, and Rosy adds her vocals to them, creating a haunting mixture. Lisa adds her guitar next, and Ruth joins in last, a gentle drumming adding the a powerful foundation to the mix. Their first song is slow and powerful, but beautiful. Not gonna lie, I am surprised. They sound great together, and Roxy's voice is mesmerizing. The crowd is quiet, enraptured. Their song continues, quiet and powerful, stronger than any power chord heard thus far tonight. The melody is simple yet intoxicating, the lyrics a wordsmith's delight.
"Hope you enjoyed that," say Lisa, Rosie's final note fading into the night. "Now let's go."
She strikes a chord, and the meditative beauty of their opening song is smashed away in a heartbeat. Roxy had switched from her violin to her cello without seeming to move. The crowd cheers and Rosy launches into rapid-fire lyrics. The energy in the building transforms in an instant, and the girls don't let up for the remainder of their set. The remnant of their time flashes by, and before I know it Rosy's leaning into the mic.
"Hope you enjoyed it," she says, her voice hoarser than before, her smile beaming. "Catch you around."
The loudest cheers of the night as the girls leave the stage, Rosy sauntering off, her skirt riding up in the back and she seeming not to care. This gets some whistles from the crowd. Ruth jumps out from behind her drums, blows a kiss to the crowd then flips them off. Most of them eat it up. Alex and I push our way through the crowd once more to the stage. Lisa's kneeling by the amp again, and Alex jumps down next to her, sneaks a kiss on her cheek. She smiles at him, looks triumphant. Despite having no part in their triumph, I'm ecstatic as well. I don't know what I expected, but nothing as good as what I just saw. I would never tell any of them that, but damned if they didn't put on a hell of a show. Pretending to work on some wires, I pull out my phone and shoot a quick text to Ruth.
"Hell yeah! You guys kicked ass!"
I get to work, get the stage set, and dip back to the soundboard. Check my phone when I get back. Ruth had responded, shot back a couple of hearts. I couldn't wait to talk to her, all of them, when this was over.
The next two bands - Muller's Drift and Kalmborg - play their sets, and as they're nothing to speak of, I won't waste our time. I check my watch as Kalmborg leaves the stage, chests and protruding stomachs heaving. I glance at my phone. 11:38. Aw hell. We clear the front of the stage of the singer's mic and as many wires as possible, then run back to the booth.
Brendan runs up beside us. "Here's the list for the costume contest. Roll right into it, alright?" He claps us on the shoulders and gives us a little shake, leaving before we can respond. I glance at Alex.
"How's the voice?"
"Little hoarse," he says. "You mind rolling with it?" I shake my head, reach for the mic.
"Alright everyone, give one more big hand for all of our acts tonight!" Some polite applause. "If you can, get some more drinks from the bar. If you can't, go ahead and get someone to do it for you." A little too much cheering at that, and I can feel Brendan's eyes burning into my skull. "That was a joke, of course. Look everyone, we're running a little behind, so we're gonna get right to it. We have three categories for our contest tonight: funniest, most creative, and everyone's favorite... sexiest!" I really drag out that last word, get a respectable cheer. "If you've signed up, go ahead and move stage left if you please, stage left. If you don't know where that is, Big Wes is gonna raise his hand into the air and let you know where it is." I feel more than see Wes's eye roll as he raises his arm. "There he is ladies and gents, doing a great job. Alright! Let's get this going. Sooooo..."
I glance down at the list. Four entries for funniest, three for most creative, 13 for sexiest.
Nice.
"Alright, let's begin with the funniest... first we have Colonel Sanders and his chicken!"
I'm expecting an actual chicken, but no. A guy walks up with a bad wig and goatee, and next to him is a girl dressed as, well, I know from the costume description it's fried chicken, but she just kind of looks like a brown lump. Poor girl. The couple walks across the stage to a few half-hearted chuckles and weak applause. Next up is a guy dressed like Thomas the Train. That's it. Good for him, I guess? Following him, two girls dressed as Duracell batteries. I'm sure there's a joke there. I look at Alex, he shrugs. Moving on!
"And last for this category...the chick magnet?" I glance up at the stage. "I get it everyone, he's got a magnet draped over his shoulders and there's some chickens glued on it. Even a... cat?" A burst of laughter from the audience. "You sly dog you, sneaking that one in. Well done!" A smattering of applause.
"And now," I say, clearing my throat away from the mic, "We move on. Our illustrious judges will tally their scores and announce them once all categories are complete." I stop to think for a moment. Brendan has a couple guys back by the bar judging the bands, some buddies from some minor record label. But who's judging the costume contest? I pose the question to Alex.
"Ah hell. I guess..." he looks at me. "Us?"
I shrug. Good with me. Just one minor detail we forgot in our extensive planning. Whoops.
"Alright! On to most creative, and here we have a half-man, half-woman, and wow this is actually really good." I glance up from the paper as I'm speaking and see a hell of a make-up job. I'm guessing it's a guy, but whoever it is has done a hell of a job. On stage right now is someone who's left half is dressed as a man in a gray suit, and their right half is a woman in a red evening gown. Their hair is short, dark, and slicked back on one side and big and blonde on the other. The costume, make-up, and hair is exquisite, coming from a guy who knows nothing about any of those things.
They climb down from the stage to thunderous applause, and I get back on the mic. "Hell of a job from our first contestant, we'll see what the next two have up their sleeve, better be good... oh." It's not. The next is the pirate couple I saw outside the Nipley earlier. Crappy costumes, nowhere near creative. What the hell were those morons thinking? The next is the Thomas the Train guy again, who apparently entered twice for a laugh. While the crowd put up with him the first time he walked the stage, here he was roundly, and appropriately, booed.
I look over at Alex, we look over the list.
"Half and half had that one all day," mutters Alex.
"No question," I say. "Let's get to the good one." I take a sip of water and put the mic back to my lips.
"And here we are folks, let's be real, it's the reason most of us came out tonight, let's see who brought the sexiest costume." Cheers meet my pronouncement, and I take a closer at look at the list. Alex blasts house music over the speakers.
"First we have Harley..." I squint in the dark. "Alright ladies, seriously? Of our 13 entries tonight, 5 of them are Harley Quinn. Let's go ahead and knock those out, shall we? All Harleys to the front of the line please."
There's some laughter and cheering, and the first Harley hops onto the stage. She went the old red and black costume (maybe the original? I'm no expert on these matters) torn in several strategic places. Her face is powder white and lips deep red. Halfway across the stage she stops, blows the crowd a kiss, then rips the front of her costume open to her navel. She stops just short of freeing her breasts, but as she undulates her hips with the fabric just short of showing her nipples the place goes wild. She kicks one leg then walks off the stage, slapping her ass as she does so. I grab Alex in a headlock.
"What a start, will the next Harley please stand up?" The next girl, the next three actually, are all in Margot Robbie's red, white, and blue get-up from Suicide Squad, with varying degrees of face paint and hair dye. They can pull the outfits off just fine and take their time working the stage like a catwalk, though none quite match Harley One's performance.
"Thank you ma'am," I call as the last one leaves the stage, baseball bat at a jaunty angle over her shoulder. "And last but certainly not least, Harley #5." Our last Harley takes the stage in an ankle-length coat. She struts to the center of the stage then turns to the crowd, hands on her hips.
"Bro, tell me she has nothing on under there," Alex whispers in my ear. Suddenly dry-mouthed, I can only nod. The crowd roars. Harley #5, brunette hair tied up in matching double ponytails, smiles at the crowd. Her hands go to the front of her jacket, then pause. The entire building holds its breath. Her smile widens, then she rips her coat open and it drops to the floor.
The place explodes.
Harley #5 went back to the red and black color scheme, but its adorned on one of the tiniest bikinis I have ever seen. Her body's toned and the minimal material accentuates her every curve, and her top strains against the flesh underneath. To top it all off are thigh-high boots, black and near skin-tight. She raises her arms to accept the crowd's adulation, then drops into a deep squat, running her hands over her body as she does so. From her stomach over her breasts to her shoulders, then back over that same route to her knees. She smiles, her teeth dazzling in the light, and winks. Then she leaps up to her feet, spinning in one smooth motion. She struts away from the crowd, revealing her bottoms as a thong and her toned ass to the appreciative gazes of all within the Nipley. The stage is not deep, but it gives her enough room to make her point. As she walks back towards the crowd she takes an exaggerated step over her discarded cloak, turns away from the crowd once more, and leans over straight-legged to pick it up. The thong barely covers her sex, and the roar from the audience is deafening. She throws the cloak over her shoulder, gives one more wink, and saunters off the stage.
Alex has one hand on my shoulder, shaking his head in disbelief. Me? I just sigh, in love with my life. We stare at the empty stage for a few more moments before we remember it's our job to fill it.
"And next, we have..."I scan the list, "A naughty nurse!"
And naughty she is, with her short skirt, knee high panty-hose, and red platform shoes glittering in the light. Next is a fairy, tight green leotard straining to hold in everything beneath it, ripped pantyhose revealing toned legs. Tarzan and Jane are up next, and a ridiculously attractive couple come up in just enough strips of cloth to keep everything decent. Alex has his chin in one hand, a dreamy look in his eye, staring at Jane's legs as they make their way across the stage. Near the far side Jane stops her man, jumps into his arms, wraps her legs around him, and sticks her tongue down his throat. It's a hot kiss, and the crowd is appreciative of her efforts.
"Maybe we should have had a couples category, something to think about for next year. Moving on, we have... Jasmine!" And it's the princess from Aladdin, though in a costume not quite Disney approved. Turquoise boy shorts with matching gossamer strands attached to her wrists, flowing behind her as she moves across the stage. Her top is tight and off the shoulder, her crown a turquoise strand pulling back her hair, showing off delicate features framed around an aquiline nose and gorgeous eyes, even bluer than the material which adorns her. Her movements are regal yet sexy, classy yet cheeky. At center stage she stops and faces the crowd, puts one finger to her bottom lip, then runs it down to the waistband of her boy shorts. The finger trails off along the hemline, then she bites her bottom lip and continues across the stage.
Not gonna say I'm in love, but I have been farther from it.
A "cop" follows her, though it's just a girl in a dark blue bikini, which I'm not complaining about. She is wearing sunglasses, so I guess that completes the costume.
"The kinky cats are next folks, lets see how many lives they have..." It's a lame joke, but quickly forgotten, as Emma's friend, she with the lace mask, slinks onto the stage. She stays in a low crouch, taking furtive glances left and right, moving closer to center stage. When she reaches it she remains crouched as her friends move to join her, cat-like grace in their every step. They crouch down next to her, Emma to her right, and they huddle close, looking out to the crowd with apprehensive looks. They press in close, then stand as one in a slow, fluid motion. The girl in the middle, masked, puts her hands across torsos of her companions in a protective gesture, then smirks. She runs her fingers across their midriffs, then drops them in-between their legs, pausing just long enough to rub both there.
It's like a spell was broken. Emma and her friend leap away from the girl in the middle, sneering at the crowd and scratching the air at them. As they do the central girl slaps her hands on her thighs then runs them over her body to her bra, which she pulls down. Her effort is met with whoops of bliss, which taper somewhat when they see her nipples are covered by tiny black hearts. Still, all receive a full look of an impressive rack on an otherwise thin girl. Emma skips to her side and drapes herself over one shoulder, letting one hand roam free across the girl's chest and stomach. The masked girl looks back at her, and as Emma's fingertips slip into her bottoms they share a deep kiss. This sets the room off, the onlookers screaming themselves hoarse at the Sapphic display. Guys are slapping the edge of the stage. Wes and Drew are having a hell of a time keeping them back.
Me, I'm just staring with my mouth wide open.
The third girl struts to their side, pulls the masked girl away from Emma, and gives her a quick peck on the lips. Mask gives her cheek a lick in return. Then all three turn, synchronized, away from the crowd, dropping into a deep crouch. The masked girl, still in the middle, reaches out and gives both girl's asses a pinch, then cups one cheek each and pulls them up to their feet. The three leave the stage to thunderous applause, arms draped around each other.
I almost feel sorry for the next contestant, though my worries turn out to be unfounded. "Coming to you all the way from Wonderland... Alice!"
A petite blonde in white thigh highs and a blue skirt that barely covered her ass flounces onto stage, a blue and black corset laced tight around her torso. Big, sky blue bow in her hair. She bounces to center stage, turns her back on the crowd and bends at the waist, flicking her skirt up. The move reveals a distinct lack of underwear.
"Holy shit," I mutter, only realizing the mic is still at my lips after I hear the words echo through the building. Alex cracks up. Alice drops her skirt and looks over her shoulder at the booth, winking at us. I wave back, sheepish. Alice squints into the crowd, one finger tapping her lips, making a show of it. She holds her hand out to someone, and it's accepted by a nondescript guy in the front row. He clambers onto the stage, waves a half-hearted fist into the air at the crowd's encouraging cheers. Alice puts one hand on his cheek, turning his face to hers. She wraps one leg around him and pulls him in for a kiss. The crowd cheers. Alice runs one hand through the guys hair, grabs one of his hands with her other, planting it with a firm slap on her bare ass.
The roof of the Nipley is almost blown off.
Alice breaks the kiss, beaming at the crowd and turning the guy's face to it. His face is bright red and he's smiling like a drunken fool. Alice kisses him on the cheek and gives him a playful shove towards the edge of the stage. He jumps down into a sea of backslaps and high fives. Alice bounces off the stage, flicking her skirt up once more before she jumps down.
I can almost smell the sex in the air. The whole place is charged up, ready to burst. Just one more entry left. I can only introduce her with what she's written down on the sign-up sheet.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we only have one more in our competition... to wrap up the night, I give you... the school girl from hell!"
Who else to finish the show but Ruth, sans shirt and jumping onto the stage in bra, skirt, ripped tights, and heels. She throws her hands in the air, making a "come on" motion to all those gathered in the Nipley. Her bra does its job to the bare minimum, and her breasts bounce with every step. At the center of the stage she drops to her hand and knees and reaches out to the crowd, thrashing at them with her fingers curled into claws. She's roaring and screaming at those closest to her, and they're reaching right back for her. She leaps to her feet, though still in a crouch, pulling her skirt up and running her fingers up and down her lace-covered crotch. She opens her mouth wide and wags her tongue, grabs her bra with her free hand and all but frees her breast for all to see. Putting the cup back in place, she stands up straight and flips off the crowd with both hands before turning around, hands in the air as she dances to the back of the stage. Once there, she reaches behind her back, unhooks her bra, and slouches her shoulders to pull it off. She turns to thunderous applause, one arm across her breasts, the other swinging her bra in the air. She launches it into the crowd with a scream, then she runs back the way she came, disappearing behind the stage. Everyone is jumping and screaming, including Alex and I.
"Hell yeah!" I scream into the mic. "That's our show! We'll be with you in moments with the winners!" I'm screaming into the mic by the end of it, Alex pushes the music to it's highest volume. The crowd before us is jumping and dancing, a scene unlike any we've seen yet in the Nipley. We collapse back into our chairs.
"We did it bro!" Alex screams into my ear. I nod back at him, grinning. "Who do you think won?"
We huddle over the sheet passed onto us by Brendan until the man himself walks into the booth, yelling to be heard over the music. "Who's picking the winners for the costumes? You guys?"
I give him a thumbs up and hold up the sign-up sheet. "We have them!"
"Good!" He yells. He hands me a slip of paper. "Here's the winning band. I'm going up to the stage, you announce everyone, alright? Start with the costumes!"
We give him another thumbs up, and Brendan pushes his way to the crowd to the stage. When he's up, Alex kills the music and I raise the mic to my lips. "Ladies and gentlemen, we have the winners for all competitions at hand. When they are announced, please head up to the stage to be awarded by the man himself, the founder of this wonderous establishment, the one and only... BRENDAN. WESTGATE!"
The crowd cheers. Brendan gives a little wave. Wes hands him a box. Within the box are small, incredibly stupid, trophies Alex and I came up with for the costume contest winners. The winning band gets a cash prize and a meeting with the record company. Maybe next year we'll have something better.
The first two categories were no-brainers for the two us. "And the winner of the funniest costume is... the chick magnet!" Some applause as the guy comes up, magnet still entrenched around his shoulders, and grabs the trophy. Him and Brendan pose for a picture, no idea who the hell is taking it.
"Well done, well done," I say, clearing my throat. "And for the most creative... the half-man, half-woman!" Far louder cheers this time, as the most technically impressive of the costumes wins this one. If we had an overall winner this one deserves it, let's be real. They pose for a picture with Brendan, and he gives their hand an extra shake. I'm sure he's impressed as any of us. Now to the tough one. Alex and I had a fierce debate over this one, because some of these girls went above and beyond anything we could have cooked up in our wildest dreams. But for us, it came down to who surprised us the most, who really put themselves on the line and put on the sexiest display.
And for me, there's a pretty good heap of guilt mixed in, not that I let Alex know that.
"And the winner of the sexiest costume... the Kinky Cats!"
The loudest cheers of all, and who could blame them? Let's be real, any of our top three (the Cats, Alice, Harley #5) could have won and I think we would not receive much in the way of complaint. The three girls come on to the stage, taking their time as they walk to Brendan. They drape themselves all over him for the picture. Brendan, ever the professional, keeps his face the same as he did for each other winner, even when the masked girl gives him a quick peck on the cheek as they walk away with their trophy.
"And now, the moment we've all been waiting for..." I open up the slip of paper. I'm so sure it's Kate's Cross, so sure that everyone was as blown away by them as I was, that it takes me a moment to realize their name's not written on the paper. I glance at it, do a double-take, and try to recover into the mic to keep anyone from hearing my confusion or dismay. "Spiderflame!"
Alex jerks his head, looks at me, stunned. There's applause from the crowd, restrained, except for a few large whoops from the back. The band jumps onto the stage and crowds around Brendan, grinning. The applause continues, abated to my ears, until the band leaves the stage. Brendan grabs the mic from the back of the stage and nods at Alex, who raises the volume, gives Brendan a thumbs up.
"Alright everyone, can't thank you enough for coming out tonight. It was a hell of a show, can we have another round of applause to all the performers and everyone who put on a costume for our enjoyment?" Lots of applause, whoops and cheers. "Alright," Brendan continues, "Party's not done yet! We got some of the best food trucks in town right outside with heaters to keep you warm in line, we got music and drinks in here! Thank you for coming to the Nipley!"
He screams the name into the mic, the people cheer in response. Alex turns the music back up, as close to club music as Brendan would allow played in his establishment. With the stage clear, the packed crowd begins to disperse some, lots of people moving outside to grab some food or head out. Plenty remain before the stage, turning it into a dance floor. Alex and I lean back in our seats.
"What the fuck man, I thought the girls had it," Alex says. I shake my head. "Same bro. What the fuck."
Wes and Drew, no longer needed at the stage, make their way back towards the bar. I wave them over to the sound booth.
"You guys alright?" I yell over the music. They look beat, but they each nod.
"Haven't worked a crowd like that in a long time," says Wes. "Don't know if this place would survive another costume contest."
"And we had our backs turned the whole damned time, missed the show!" Drew yells. "Tell me you boys filmed it at least." He stares in disgust at the blank looks on mine and Alex's face. "Fuck you guys, I need a smoke." He heads to the front door. Wes laughs.
"Forget about him, he'll be fine in about five minutes. Just needs to get laid." He stretches. "Gonna check in with Brendan back at the bar. You boys keep holding it down out here." He walks off, and I glance at Alex.
"You alright?" I ask. His face his downcast, eyebrows knit together. "Just really thought the girls had it man." He glances towards the stage. "Haven't seen them come out of the green room yet. Mind if I head back there?" I shake my head.
"Try not to hook up with Lisa this time." He gives a half-hearted smile at my half-hearted joke, leaves the sound booth. I glance around the Nipley. See some of the girls from the costume contest scattered about. Harley #5, cloak back on, is dancing with Harley #2 (...maybe #3). The Naughty Nurse is talking to a guy and looking extremely put out. And then, just a few feet from the booth, Jasmine and Alice are chatting. They somehow look even better up close, out of the blazing stage lights.
In a moment, I see I am not the only one who thinks so.
2 guys sidle up to them, pretty big, pretty drunk. Could still be in college, maybe a little older. They attempt to strike up a conversation with the girls. Alice and Jasmine are polite, but not encouraging. I can't hear what they're saying over the music, but the body language is pretty clear. I glance back to them over the next few moments while I continue to scan the rest of the floor, make sure everyone is more or less behaving themselves. Look back to Alice and Jasmine. They look past the point of politeness, and much closer to annoyance. Neither guy seems to be catching the hint. One of the drapes his arm over Jasmine's shoulders. She ducks out from under his arm with a strained grimace. The rebuke cuts through the guy's drunkenness, and a flicker of something ugly crosses his face. His buddy, unaware of what's going between him and Jasmine, focuses on Alice. When she partially turns from him, he seizes his opportunity and gropes her ass. She screams and jumps away from him.
Now, in this instance, I recall Brendan's speech on security, for what it was. Bouncing 101. "Boys, you're not the biggest guys I've ever seen, but you look like you can handle yourselves, which is 90% of the battle. Our crowds are pretty chill, but should we need to get someone out of here, I will stand by your judgement every time. Try not to get physical, try to talk them down. Let them know if they leave peacefully they're good, if they keep it up they're never coming back. Watch for sucker punches or their buddies trying to sneak up on you. Just about every time, whatever's going on will pass without incident. They'll chill out and go to the bar, or they'll leave. If you have to throw them out, flag me down and I'll back you up. You boys know what a full nelson is?"
See, I never found out, because at that moment Sue called Brendan over and we never got the rest of the speech. If I'm being honest, I have never been in a real fight in my life. Played plenty of sports and got in a few little tussles, but nothing real. Now I'm seeing Alice stare at one guy in shock, Jasmine looking at the other in fear. They're backed up against the wall and have no easy way out. Shit. I look over to the bar, Wes, Sue, and Brendan are dealing with a crowd 3-deep at the bar, and I can't catch their eye. Shit.
Just then, Jasmine looks at me, catches my eye. Makes a silent plea. Shit.
Before I know what I'm going to do or going to say, I'm between the girls and the guys.
"That's enough boys, alright?" I say, with a calm I don't feel. "Everyone's having a good night. Don't fuck it up."
"Only one who's fucking anything up right now is you, bitch," the angrier-looking of the two, the one dealing with Jasmine, says. "Fuck off."
"I've been watching from the booth, and the ladies behind seem to be uninterested. Leave them alone."
"What, you her boyfriend?" The second guy says. I feel a flare of annoyance.
"I work here dumbass! If these girls don't want you groping them, then back the fuck off."
"This bitch came on the stage without panties and pulled some dude's hand to her ass, and you're talking like she doesn't want it?" Says the second guy, incredulous. "Fuck you bitch, and get the fuck out of my way."
I brace myself. "If she wants it, she doesn't want it from you. You two are done, get the fuck out.' The first guy laughs. Puts his drink down on a nearby table. Folds his arms. He has at least 40 pounds on me. "Make me. Cunt." His buddy laughs, starts to pull out his phone.
With a deep breath, I get in the first guy's face. "Get out. We fight? It does-" He pushes me. Hard. I stumble back, one of the girls yelps. I feel one of their hands on my back. This big-ass smug motherfucker has this grin on his face, the grin of every douchebag who has come before him and will follow him, and I'm not in the mood for it. I also suck at fighting. Couldn't tell you the right way to throw a punch if you paid me.
So, I tackle the guy.
He's surprised. The grin disappears the moment before I make contact. With form that would make my high school coach proud, I lower my shoulder, wrap up, and drive the prick into the ground. He runs into some tables and chairs on the way down, and the resultant clatter is quite audible over driving the music. The people closest to us scream. The other dumbass with the phone is yelling "Oh shit! Oh shit!" as we tussle on the floor. I'm not even hitting the guy, I'm just trying to keep him from clobbering me until my backup arrives. It will arrive, right?
The guy has the weight advantage, and having lost the advantage of surprise he's able to get the upper pretty quick. He lays a decent punch to my ribs then shoves me off him. Thanks to the adrenaline I don't feel it too much, but what I feel is not great. I scramble to my feet just as he reaches his, and I put up my hands.
"Come on!" I yell, with bravado I do not feel and an overwhelming sense of stupidity. The dude grins again, moves in. Something behind me catches his eye, and he steps back with his hands up. Probably saved himself some damage, because as he does Brendan and Wes fly by me, each grabbing one of the guy's arms and almost knocking him to the ground, before dragging him to the door. I follow, and so does his phone buddy.
"Didn't do nothing bro! My boy didn't do shit! This little frat motherfucker started it!" I look at him, offended by the frat comment. Brendan and Wes ignore him, don't stop dragging the guy until they're out the door and past the crowd around the food trucks. Most of the noise in the parking lot stops as people turn to watch the show.
"You lay a hand on one of my people?" Brendan asks. "Get the fuck out of here, you're never coming back." The guys stays quiet, unlike his friend, who continues to film.
"My boy didn't do it, it was this pussy motherfucker who started it!" He yells, pointing at me.
"He wouldn't start shit, shut up you fucking dweeb," says Brendan. "If he fought, it's cause you two dumbasses were starting shit in my establishment. I won't have it. You're both gone." He's breathing heavy, ready for a fight. Drew trots over, cigarette in one hand, takes his spot next to Brendan and Wes. The only one who's talking is the guy with the phone.
"I got this all on film bro, we're going to our lawyers. Fuck you." Brendan's about to respond when a different voice cuts in.
"Did you film it when you grabbed my ass, or when your creepy friend wouldn't listen to us when we said 'no.'?" Alice has followed us outside. "Or when he kept putting his hands on my friend when she kept trying to get him off her?" Her voice is loud, and there is not a member of the sizeable crowd who isn't listening in.
"Man fuck you," says phone guy, though his phone isn't up anymore. Brendan points at both of them.
"You put your hands on women and you fight my staff? You have 5 seconds before I call the cops. You're still here then I'll make sure both your asses wind up in jail." The guy I fought with doesn't say a word, just turns and walks away. His buddy follows with a string of epithets aimed at me, Brendan, the Nipley, and women in general.
"Wes, make sure they leave, will you?" Brendan asks. Wes nods, and Drew joins him as they watch the two move toward their car. Brendan turns to me, puts a hand on my shoulder. "You good?" I nod. "Alright. Come on." He walks over to Alice, calling out to the people around the food trucks. "Sorry about that folks. All is well now." There's some applause, and shouts of approval. Brendan stops in front of Alice.
"Ma'am, I'm truly sorry for what happened. My goal was just to get them out of here. Did you want to press charges?"
Alice laughs, shakes her head. "No. Been down that road before, not trying to do it again. Besides, I was 'asking for it,' right?" She gestures at her outfit. Her demeanor's tough, but her voice waivers as she says those last words.
"Fuck no you weren't," says Brendan. "I don't care if you were walking through there with your tits out, no one can just cop a feel. That was shitty, I hope Erik was able to step in before it went too far." Alice looks at me, for the first time we make eye contact. My stomach flips. She seems to be appraising me.
"He did," says Alice. "Thank you, by the way. Thank you both."
"You need to thank Brendan and Wes," I say, "I was two seconds away from getting my ass kicked."
"Yeah," says Brendan, looking like he wanted to say more. "Yeah. Alright, if you guys are fine, I need to get back inside." We both nod. Brendan looks at me. "Take a minute, then when you're ready, we got more work to do."
"I'll be there," I say. Brendan nods and walks inside. I hear a car driving by, I turn in time to see the two guys driving out in a beat up old sedan. We lock eyes, I get flipped off.
"Fucks," says Alice. I glance over and see her eyes following the car out as well.
"You really alright?" I ask her. She sighs. "Yeah. Not the first time a guy's just grabbed my ass, unfortunately." She looks me over. "Definitely the first time they've gotten tackled for it though. How're you?"
I laugh, then feel a sudden surge of exhaustion, the adrenaline coming down. "I'm good. Probably gonna be sore in the morning. He popped me pretty good in the ribs." Alice winces. "I'm really sorry."
"Not your fault," I say. The door of the Nipley slams open, and a slender figure comes running out. Once she's in the light of the parking lot, I see it's Jasmine. She runs up to us.
"Are you okay, Mack?" She asks Alice. Then she looks at me. "How are you?"
"I'm good," I say, not missing the opportunity to stare into her eyes for a few extra seconds. "Those guys are gone now."
She looks around. "Thank you so much for stepping in, but I'm sorry. I can't believe you actually had to fight them."
"It's really okay," I say. "Just glad you guys are alright."
"We are," says Alice (Mack?). "I'm McKenzie by the way. Most people call me Mack."
"And I'm Jasmine," says her friend. I almost laugh looking down at her costume. She chuckles, self-aware. "Yeah, I know. After my mom showed me Aladdin when I was a kid, I was her every Halloween for about five years. Thought it was so cool that I had the same name as a Disney princess."
I laugh with her, all but in love with her smile and her laugh. She holds out her arms, putting her costume on display. "I went ahead and upgraded for this year. Me and Mack thought we would do sexy Disney this year. What'd you think?"
Mack strikes a pose as well, and I soak up the opportunity to look both over again. They're gorgeous, all there is to say. "You both look amazing," I say. "Definitely better than the originals."
Mack scoffs. "Tell that to the judges. Who paid them off, huh?"
"Ha... yeah." All the response I can muster at the moment.
"Can't say I blame them," says Jasmine. "Those cats put on a show. You did too. I probably could have done more."
"Those judges had a near impossible task," I say. "Everyone looked phenomenal. But I will say, you two look even more amazing up close." They both laugh, say thanks. A sudden, somewhat awkward, pause.
"Look, I have to get back to work. I hope this didn't ruin your night."
"It happens," says Mack.
"Just glad you were there," says Jasmine.
A smart man would, at this point, attempt to get some sort of contact information, or maybe see if these girls were busy later.
"Well," I say, suddenly tongue-tied. May have had something to do with the way Jasmine was looking at me, her eyes wide and an inviting smile on her face. "Hope to see you around."
"Bye!" Mack says, smiling. Jasmine echoes her, a bit softer. I turn away, see Wes and Drew walking by. Drew juts his chin at me in greeting.
"Got their plate number if anybody wants it," he calls out. The girls say thanks, wave. I follow Wes and Dave back into the Nipley.
"Thanks for the help guys," Wes grabs me in a headlock. "Of course, you badass you. Next time just grab us before you need to kick people out, helps save the furniture."
"Right," I say. "My bad." Drew slaps me on the shoulder. "You're good bro. Stupid to be walking away from those two, but you're good."
I look back, but Mckenzie and Jasmine are no longer there. Maybe next time.
Drew stays by the door, Wes heads towards the stage. I make my way to the sound booth, a little blue. The sight of two demonic clowns oddly makes me feel better.
"You got in a fight?!" Roxy yells. "Are you okay?"
"I'm good," say, getting annoyed at the same question over and over until she and Ruth, the other clown, wrap me in a tight hug.
"What happened?" Ruth asks. She pulls back from her hug, and any words leave my mind. Her bra never made it back on, and I'm left staring at deep cleavage just contained in a tight white button-down tied at her navel and with all but two buttons unbuttoned. Devil make-up aside, she's stunning. She catches my look and pokes me in the side with a grin - unbeknownst to her, directly where I had taken that punch earlier. The sudden stab of pain brings me back to reality. I give them a quick rundown of what happened.
"You took on two guys who were sexually harassing two women?" Roxy asks. "Fuck yeah!" She leans in with a kiss. "Nice work!"
"Thanks," I say, sheepish. Just then, Alex comes up, a black stain on his shoulder.
"Dude, I'm so sorry," he says. "Did you really have to throw a couple guys out?"
"Yeah," I say. "Brendan and Wes did the bulk of the work. You're good." I nod at the make-up stain on his shoulder. "How's Lisa?"
"Ah..." Alex says, looking at Ruth and Roxy.
"She's PISSED," says Ruth. "Says we threw it all out there for nothing, we're huge failures."
"That's bullshit," I say. "You guys kicked ass up there. Don't know how the hell those other guys won."
Roxy shrugs. "Who cares. We got up there, did our stuff. We've been ready for a while, just needed the extra push."
"Rosy's talking to her, she'll get over it soon enough," says Ruth. "I agree with you, Erik. We kicked ass."
"I enjoyed your follow-up performance too," I tell her. She wraps her arms around my neck and drags me down to her height.
"I thought I was horny after performing, but hearing you fought off a couple dudes to save those girls? I'm fucking dripping." She releases me and I look at her with a stupid grin on my face. "Come over to Lisa and Rosy's when you're off, alright?"
"Sure," I say. Roxy come close to me, breathes in my ear. "Whatever she told you, expect to double it," she says, just loud enough to hear over the music. She pulls away, turns to Alex. "Whatever Lisa is saying right now, she'll want you there too. I think we're heading out soon, we'll see you guys there, alright?"
"See you," Alex says, and the girls disappear into the crowd, heading back towards the green room. We head back to the sound booth, slump into our chairs.
"Lisa really good?" I ask Alex. He shakes his head. "She's pretty tore up over the show. She feels embarrassed I think, which is dumb. I told her as much, told her how amazing they were, especially her, and she wasn't having it. But I think she'll be good. How are you bro?"
I laugh, feeling more tired by the second. "I'm good. I'm beat, but I'm good. I know this went well, but I'm ready for the night to be over." Alex shakes his head. "You and me both."
Brendan walks over to us. "Last call boys. I'm gonna check on the bands in the back, make sure they're clearing out. Give this about another hour, we'll clear this place out."
He's gone before we can say anything in response. We spend the bulk of the next hour in the booth, let the party die out around us. Just past 2:30, there's only a few people left in the building. Drew walks past us, swiping his hand back and forth in front of his neck in a "kill it" motion. Alex lowers the music, I grab the mic one last time.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we cannot thank you enough for spending the night with us. Please begin to make your way to the door, and drive safe on your way home tonight."
"Good job," Alex laughs. "Someone has to be their mom."
I shove him, mostly because I'm too tired to think of any kind of a comeback. Over the next five minutes the place empties. I cast a despondent eye over a building far more trashed than usual, then walk outside. The food trucks are shut down though still present, the crowd dwindling beneath the hung lights. I cast a hopeful look through the crowd, though am unable to find Mack or Jasmine. I duck back in, make a final check behind me, lock the door. Sigh, start cleaning up the floor. I'm surprised at the short time we are able to knock it out, Drew and Wes taking care of far more than their fair share. Right around half past 3, me, Alex, Drew, Wes, Brendan, and Sue gather at the bar.
"Long-ass night, but I would call it a success," says Brendan. "Save for one thing. Erik, our resident dumbass, tried to pull the hero and take on two guys at once." Drew and Wes boo and cheer, in kind. "Shut up, please. You get in a situation like that again, get backup before you make your move. Understood?" Brendan's not just looking at me, but Alex as well. We both nod, feeling chastened. "Good. Like I said, I will have your back every single time. Now. Hell of a night boys, let's raise our glasses to the men who made this night possible. Alex and Erik, good fucking job. Been awhile since we've had the place that packed."
"He's really just happy about all the girls," Sue drawls.
"Ain't we all," says Drew, throwing back his drink. Alex and I grin into our cups of water. Even after a night like tonight, Brendan won't give us a drop of anything stronger. I respect it.
"That costume show was... something else." Says Brendan. "But hey, we dirty old men kept our distance. It was the college bastards who made the only fuss."
"Hey, no way those guys were still in college," I say. "Mid-twenties at least."
"By God," says Wes. "That's ancient." Everyone laughs but Alex and I.
"I'm fuckin' beat," says Brendan. "And we still got a full line-up tonight. Anybody got anything else?" We shake our heads. "Good. Let's get the hell out of here."
We all push off from the bar. Drew and Wes say their goodbyes, make a beeline for the door. Sue heads to the backroom. Brendan stops me and Alex before we move far from the bar.
"Seriously boys, great job. This place was rocking like it hasn't in a long time. I'll see if I can't get something extra in your paychecks."
"We weren't expecting a bonus," says Alex. "We were doing this for the Nipley. How'd we do?" Brendan chuckles. "Hey, I remember college. If I can throw you some extra cash, I will, alright? But I appreciate it. Definitely pulled in more than the average Thursday. Me and Sue should have it totaled up by COB tonight. I'll let you know."
We thank him, move to the door. I'm wiped. All I can focus on is my car. I don't even have the brainpower to think much of the beat-up old black van parked a few spots over.
"Lisa and Rosy's?" Alex asks as we reach my vehicle. I shrug. "Sure, if they're still up."
"Lisa said they would be." I unlock the doors, shrug again. "Then let's roll."
Alex opens the door, ducks into the car. I stand outside, roll my neck a few times. On the second roll I hear a van door rolling open from behind me, the sound of shoes smacking the asphalt. I turn just in time to see a short blur of hair rushing at me, and I don't react as it swings a fist at my face.
The knuckles connect next to my eye. I stumble back against my car, out of sorts.
"That's right, bitch!" A familiar reedy voice snaps me back to the moment, and now I'm seeing the red. The hissing bassist from Thunderblood stands before me, a triumphant sneer on his face. This little motherfucker.
I push off from the car, lunge at him. Fear replaces the sneer and he jumps back.
"You had the drop bitch, you should have finished the job!" I roar, in a voice that is not my own.
"Scram bro!" A voice yells from the van, and the bassist turns tail and runs. I yell after him as he jumps into the van and it peels out from the parking lot before he can shut the door. Alex comes running up to my side.
"What the fuck was that?" He asks. I'm in too much of a rage to answer for a moment, my adrenaline spiked.
"The little bastard that hissed at me earlier just punched me in the face!" I say. Alex stares at me.
"What?" He asks.
"What?" I respond.
"Hissed like a snake?" He asks. I glare at him.
"You and Lisa are fucking meant for each other."
--
The ambush and resultant punch drives all exhaustion out of me, and I'm just coming down from the adrenaline high when we reach Lisa and Rosy's. Alex, to his credit, is giving himself far more damage than I received.
"I should have had your back," he says, for the tenth time. I wave him off.
"You did, the whole damned thing was over before either of us could react. I heard you coming up from behind, I knew you were there." Alex looks at my face, shakes his head. "I still let that little fuck leave a mark."
I glance in the rearview mirror. There's some bruising next to my left eye, but it's nothing major. "Your good bro, nothing that happened was on you. I know you have my back."
"Right," Alex says, still looking angry at himself.
"Chill out bro," I say. "What are the odds of us getting laid here in the next hour?"
That thought makes him grin. "Pretty damned good for me. If Roxy and Ruth are here? Near certainty for you."
"Sounds nice," I say, and shut off the car. "What's up with Rosy though?"
"What's up as in, will she let you get with her?"
"...I guess," I say. "I dunnow. She can be a hell of a tease."
"Maybe that's her thing," Alex says. "Not sure. But let's go. I'll crash if I just sit out here."
True, adrenaline can be a bitch. After being in something resembling two fights tonight and weathering the resulting adrenaline rush from each, I'm about dead on my feet. Alex leads the way, knocks on the door.
"It's open!" Someone yells from inside. We push into the house. Ruth and Lisa are at the table, sans make-up with semi-dry hair. They eave give a little wave.
"You want a drink?" Rosy yells from the kitchen.
"Whatever you have, we'll each take one," Alex calls back, making straight for Lisa and pulling out the chair next to her. They trade soft smiles, and Lisa pulls him close and lays her head on his shoulder. Ruth looks at me and rolls her eyes.
"About time," a voice says from behind me. I look back to see Roxy, fresh-faced and wet-haired, rounding the bottom of the stairs draped in nothing but a towel. It's a beautiful sight. "You guys make it out..." she freezes, takes a closer look at my face. "Did one of those guys punch you in the face?"
"Ah..." I say.
"That's actual from his second encounter of the night," says Alex. "Some little dude punched him in the face in the parking lot then bolted."
"What?" Ruth and Roxy cry in unison. Roxy steps close and puts her fingers to my cheek, taking a closer look at the bruise. Ruth shows up at her side a moment later. I stand still as they both peer at the bruise, each grazing it with a fingertip. Can't say I'm not enjoying the attention.
"Who punched you?" Ruth asks. "Were you mugged?"
"Nah," I say. "It was the dweeby little bassist from Thunderblood. Guess I pissed him off more than I thought when I talked to him on the stage. The whole band was waiting for us in their van out in the parking lot."
"Fucking pricks," says Roxy.
"That was Thunderblood?" Rosy peeks out from the kitchen. "Not surprising. They smelled like they hadn't showered in weeks, and couldn't keep their eyes off our asses."
"The hissing wasn't enough for him, huh?" Lisa asks, grinning. "Good thing he only comes up to your waist."
"He was a little fella," I say. "Caught me off guard, is all."
"You should've heard Erik after he got hit," Alex says. "He roared at the guy in some kind of demon voice. The dude took one look and ran."
"And where were you in all this?" Lisa asks, punching him in the arm.
"He had my back," I say. "Whole thing was over in about 5 seconds. I think he's the real reason the little bastard ran off. I really am okay," I say to Rosy and Ruth. "Honestly. Let me just grab a drink."
"Sure thing, Mr. Hero." Rosy walks out of the kitchen, a couple of drinks on a tray. She's wearing barely-there running shorts and a sports bra. Looks magnificent. I take a drink from the tray and am about to say thanks when I look her in the eye, and jump back with a start.
"Left the contacts in," says Rosy, her grin not doing much to help her blank white stare. "Think I should wear them all the time?"
"Ah... no," I say, staring at the milky white irises. "They are terrifying."
Rosy laughs. "Fucking right. Might have to keep them." She turns, and I collapse in the chair next to Alex to keep myself from staring at her ass. Lisa raises an eyebrow. "Long night?"
"Long month," I say, realizing that the month plus of preparation for tonight had stressed me out more than I realized. I took a moment to realize it was finally over. The thought relaxes me, and brings on another wave of exhaustion. "Can't be as tired as you guys though," I say. "You kicked ass tonight. Absolutely brought it."
"At least you think so," says Lisa. Alex gives her a commiserating look. "Can't tell you what the judges were thinking," he says. "Brendan was the only one who..." Lisa holds up her hand. "We talked about it, moved on. Talked to your boss after the show. He wasn't apologetic, but he was cool. Offered us a spot at your place in a few weeks. We're thinking it over."
"Hope you'll take it," I say. "You'll probably triple our crowds for whatever night you play."
"We'd at least get the creepy old geezer crowd," says Roxy, rolling her eyes.
"I think you guys picked up a pretty good following at school tonight," I say. "You'll bring in a hell of a lot more than the old guy crowd."
"Hopefully there a little less rambunctious than tonight's though," says Ruth, walking up to me running her fingers over my bruise once more. It should have hurt, but damn if that girl didn't have the touch of an angel.
"I'm sure they will be," Alex says, watching Ruth, then leaning against Lisa. She smiles, kisses him on his forehead, runs her hands around his back.
I feel a second set of hands on my shoulders. I glance back, see Roxy and her towel there.
"I know you're beat. But Ruth and I have something for you upstairs," she says.
"Yeah?" I ask.
"Yeah," she says. "Want to come up?"
I glance at Ruth, who grins and stands up, beckoning me. I take a swig of my drink, glance over at Alex and Lisa. She smiles at me.
"We'll be fine," she says. I smile back, then turn to Roxy and Ruth. "I'm right behind you," I say, picking my drink and taking it to the kitchen. Rosy is leaning against the counter, drink in hand.
"Great drink, thank you," I say. She raises her glass to me.
"You kids be safe up there," she says. I grin. "Always." She smiles, though it doesn't quite reach her milky eyes. "You good?"
Rosy shrugs. "Always. Go. Ruth and Roxy aren't the patient types."
"Right," I say. "Hey, you were incredible tonight. Your voice was... hypnotic."
Rosy grins. "Thanks. Been a while since I've sung that much. Need some tea."
"Need me to grab you some?" I ask. She shakes her head. "Nah. Go, someone else needs you right now."
"Okay," I say, leaving her by the sink. Something is off about her, melancholy. Should I have cared more? Yes. Am I concentrating on the fact that Ruth and Roxy are no longer in the next room and most likely waiting for me upstairs? Also yes. Alex and Lisa are also gone, though I hear them walking up the stairs ahead of me. I wait until I heard a door close on the second floor before I walk to the stairs. The door on the left is cracked open, soft music emanating from it. I take a deep breath, then push it open.
Roxy and Ruth are waiting for me in the dim light. Ruth is lying on the mattress on the ground, Roxy standing to the side, still wrapped in her towel. We lock eyes and she grins, letting the towel fall to the floor, her tight body on full display. She settles back into a chair, splays her legs. Her hands run up her thighs, one stopping at her pussy, the other trailing up to her breasts. I could have stared at her, transfixed, until the sun came up, if it wasn't for Ruth.
She waves to me from the mattress, pulling her shirt up to her neck. She smiles, beckoning me to her once more. I oblige, falling onto the mattress. She runs two fingers from my chest to my groin, then walks them back up.
"I know you're beat," she says. "You want to let me do the work?"
I nod, stricken dumb. She smiles and pecks me on the lips. I close my eyes and drop my head back, and in seemingly one moment, Ruth has me naked.
"That was fast," I say. She smiles as she pulls her shirt off. "One of my specialties."
I drink her in, laying topless next to me. Ruth runs two fingers up and down my abdomen.
"I need to thank you," she says. "I know we didn't win, but you got us on stage. That was a big deal for us."
"You should've won," I say. "And I'm not just saying that because you're topless. You guys dominated."
She chuckles, kisses my nose. "Thanks. Let's fuck, alright?"
"Alright," I say, and Ruth rolls on her back, pulls her bottoms down. Then she rolls on top of me, swings one leg over my hips, nestles herself on my shaft.
"I'm really looking forward to this," she whispers into my ear. "Roxy watching is no problem, right?"
I look over at Roxy, legs spread, one finger inside herself as her other hand massages one breast.
"No problem at all," I breathe. Ruth giggles and pulls my face to hers, gives me a deep kiss. Our tongues seek each other out, I wrap my arm around her minute body, pull her close. God, I'm not even inside her yet but she feels amazing. I pull back, running my hands up and down her back, over her ass. We continue to make out, our kisses growing hungrier as our arousal grows. Any and all thoughts of slumber have fled from me. Right now I am consumed by the gorgeous Latina on top of me, one hand on her ass and the other entangled in her hair. Ruth breaks from my lips and kisses her way across my face and down my neck. She forces my head to one side, and I gaze at Roxy, watching us with unbridled lust. She's slipped a second finger in and is staring directly at me, her hips roiling beneath her hand. We lock eyes and she bites her lip, fucking herself even harder. The sight sends a surge of blood through my shaft, pulsing beneath Ruth. She feels it and moans, slipping her soft hand down and jerking me off. Her other hand squeezes my throat, not hard enough to cut off my breath but enough for me to take notice.
"It's time to come inside me," she whispers, her grip on my throat tightening while she continues to work my dick. In response, I spank her as hard as I can. Instead of crying out, she takes a deep breath and stares even harder into my eyes.
"Naughty naughty," she breathes. I spank her again. She moans and grips my throat and cock, her eyes boring into me. I spank her again with all I have. She whimpers, her lips playing against mine. Instead of spanking her again, I grip her ass with both hands and jerk my hips against her, rubbing myself against her swollen labia. Ruth's hands break from my throat, drag down to my shoulders, her nails scraping my chest. I suck her upper lip into my mouth, bring my left hand up and squeeze her right nipple. She tenses up, her breath seizes, and she grabs my cock once more. Lining it up with her own entrance, she sinks down on top of me. We freeze for a moment as Ruth sinks to the base of me, her eyes clenched shut. I seize the opportunity to look at Roxy, her two fingers flashing in and out of herself, her other hand clamped on her breast. Her eyes are squeezed shut, but she opens them long enough to lock eyes with me. Her hand stops and she shoves her fingers as deep into herself as she can, her hips bucking up against her palm. She cries out as the orgasm rocks her.
Ruth, brought to life by the sound, jerks her hips three times against me, slamming her pelvis into mine. She shudders before falling into an easy motion, riding me without haste. I look back into her eyes, alight and alive. She smiles, licks my chin. My hands are free to wander her back, her ass, her legs. Taught, shapely, perfect. Her pussy squeezes me with every down thrust. Fuck, this girl knows what she is doing.
After a few minutes, I run my fingers up and down Ruth's back, before clamping one hand on her ass and using the other to tease her nipple. Keeping my palm on her ass cheek, I probe her crack with my index finger, seeking her tight rear hole. Finding it, I tap it one, two, three times before dropping it to the base of her pussy and lubing the tip of it. Ruth giggles and grinds harder against me, guessing what's about to come. I swirl my index finger around her anus before applying pressure to the hole itself, using her owns motions to push the tip inside. Ruth moans at the new sensation, pushing herself up on her arms and riding me with an increased furor. Seizing the opportunity, I grab one of her bouncing tits in my hand, my fingers massaging it as she fucks me harder.
"Fuck Erik, fuck fuck fuck...oooh yeah, oh my God..." she says, her hips moving faster and faster. Her taut stomach ripples with her movements, her hair flying around her head.
"God I'm close yes fuck yes...," Ruth cries out, grinding down hard on my dick. I raise my hips, push my finger deeper into her ass. My hand clenches her breast as her entire body clenches, her breath coming in broken gasps. Her eyes are closed and her mouth open, her wild hair framed about her, a stunning look. Her orgasm breaks and Ruth collapses against me with a whimpering moan. I kiss the top of her head, keep my dick still within her.
"We're not done yet," says Roxy, falling from her chair onto the floor and crawling over to us. It's a bewitching sight, her features concentrated with lust, her every move bringing her nude body closer. Ruth giggles into my chest, pushing herself up.
"What do you want?" She asks Roxy.
"His tongue," she says. "You can stay where you are."
Ruth bounces on me once, squeezing herself tight as she comes back down. Roxy kisses me on arrival, slipping her tongue into my mouth.
"You mind if I sit on your face?" She asks. I shake my head. She smiles and swings one leg over my head so that she's facing Ruth. I'm now inches from a smooth pussy, no hair in sight, already swollen and moist from Roxy's own ministrations. I grab a thigh in each hand and pull her down to me, making sure not a single drop of her juices are wasted. I lick her from thigh to thigh, stray towards her asshole. As I'm doing this Ruth begins to ride me again, and though I can't see anything past Roxy's pert ass I hear them both moan. I drop my head back, peek past Roxy's trim thighs. The girls are making out, their hands running over each other's bodies. Roxy reaches back with one to grab my hair and pull me back between her thighs. I dive back in, only slightly put out from losing sight of one of the hottest things I've ever seen.
Roxy's pussy though, it's more than enough of a consolation. Her earlier actions have her juices flowing, and by God she tastes amazing. I kiss every fold, push my tongue into her. She cries out against Ruth's mouth, pushes herself on top of me. I run one hand along her body, the other along Ruth's, marveling at the opportunity. I pull the hand on Roxy back to her ass, shaking the small piece of flesh and spreading her wider before enveloping her clit with my mouth, using gentle pressure to suck it into my mouth.
Roxy gasps and pushes me down, spinning herself around so that her back is to Ruth. I can now stare up her body, and I run one hand up it as I use the other to pull her pussy back to my lips. She moans as my lips make contact. Ruth grabs her arms around her friend and pulls her back against her own body, tweaking her nipples and squeezing her breasts as she sucks on her neck. Roxy reaches back and pulls Ruth's head tighter against her neck while grinding herself harder down on my mouth.
Both she and Ruth are crying out now, and I'm jerking my hips into Ruth as much as she is slamming into me. Roxy grinds herself on my mouth, and I wrap one hand around her throat. Her body tenses at the sudden change, but in moments she's grinding onto me and howling at the ceiling. Ruth slams onto me once more, grinding her clit against my pelvis, and I raise my hips as far as I can go, emptying myself into her. The orgasm flows through my whole body, and Ruth screams out as I fill her. Coming down from the orgasm my leg and back muscles feel a sweet release, and I collapse against the mattress. I kiss Roxy's pussy once before my head falls to the pillow. She laughs and swings her leg back over my face in time for me to see Ruth grabbing my shirt and holding it to herself as she raises off of me. I get a kiss from each girl as they stand up on shaky legs and stumble to the bathroom.
I stay where I am, afraid to move, as though if I do everything that just happened would prove to be a dream. God, let it have been real.
The girls come back in dressed in oversized t-shirts. I force myself up and past them, though not before wrapping them both in a hug. I clean up in the bathroom then clamber back towards the mattress where both girls are laying down with just enough space for me in between. I lay down, sneak an arm beneath each girl, and they snuggle against me.
"Thanks," I whisper. "You're both a dream."
They each giggle into my shoulder. Roxy kisses my cheek. "Your tongue is good, but I think I still need what Ruth got."
"Let me know," I say, my exhaustion coming back in a wave. "I'll be here all weekend."
They give me a consolatory chuckle, and the three of us drift off into sleep.
--
Fingers ruffle my hair, and I wake up well before I want to.
"Hey," says Roxy. "Let's go."
"Wha...?" I say, operating nowhere near full capacity. "What time is it?"
"Little after 9," she says. "I know it's early, but I have class, and Ruth is already gone. I figured you have classes today, didn't know if you're able to miss anything."
Of course I am. But hey, I guess I'm college to learn right. I look at Roxy, crouched next to me in skinny jeans and a t-shirt.
"We could just stay here too," I say, remembering her parting words before we fell asleep. Roxy grins.
"That sounds great, but I got a quiz I really shouldn't miss. I haven't forgotten though," she says, her eyes drifting to my sheet-covered groin. "I definitely intend to collect this weekend."
"Say when and where," I respond, then wince. "As long as I'm not working." She grimaces in commiseration.
"You still have a full weekend after last night?"
"Yeah," I say, dreading the fact. "Yeah I do."
She gives me a kiss, runs a light finger over my bruise. "Take better care of yourself, alright? Try to not get any more fights."
"No guarantees," I mutter. She laughs, kisses my forehead. "Come on, time to learn."
I guess it was. Alex is still in with Lisa, so I leave him be, shoot him a text to let him know I can come back if needed. No sign of Rosy in the house. I head back to my dorm, brush my teeth, stumble to class. Sleepwalk through them all. I glimpse Emma with a friend from across the street at one point, but they turn off before I can try to make eye, or any other, kind of contact. I think back, past my first threesome, to her performance last night. Unexpected and hot as hell. Kind of like Mack and Jasmine's. And just about everyone else in that costume contest.
Fights be damned, last night would have to go down as the best of my life.
I want a nap before work, but some things are not meant to be. A bleary-eyed Alex meets up with me at the dorm a little before 5, and we're heading to the Nipley soon after.
"Happy Halloween," he mutters on the drive over. Oh yeah.
The scariest thing about the acts that night are there complete lack of self-awareness. Two groups of guys, too close to being over the hill for the outfits and sets they're trying to pull of, wailing deep into the night. Manning the booth, I'm doing my best to stay awake, but my hand is getting comfier by the second as 11 o' clock rolls near.
"Hey," a voice calls from below the booth during a short but blessed break in the second set. I rouse myself enough to look around. "You awake?"
The voice is oddly familiar. I stand up for a better view, see two girls staring up at me. Oddly familiar beneath long sweaters and floppy hats.
"Little different atmosphere than last night," one of them says, then smiles, tilting her head back more. Then I see the eyes, sparkling blue. "We were hoping you'd be working tonight."
I open my mouth, stumble over my response.
Mack and Jasmine have returned.