Hello boys!!
For those who haven't read my first story I am 36 years old married, 34 dd boobs and a bit of a flirt.
Hubby and me walked or should I swayed our way back from the party. He asked me what I had been discussing with the old men at the party.
"The old boys were very complementary indeed." I teased. "Andrew is going to paint me and I said yes indeedee he, he."
Hubby is always pestering me to pose and tease where I can much to my disdain...not!! He stopped walking and pressed me against a garden hedge the spiky leaves gave a pleasurable pain to the situation. I could feel his rock hard cock in his trousers as he kissed me and pulled my summer dress up over my buttocks.
"You are going to show old Andrew your tits are you, you slutty little tease, seeing these beauties will kill the poor man." Joked hubby.
Christ my pussy was dripping as I was groped in the street whilst I thought about old Andrew's eyes upon my naked flesh. My nipples poked through the thin material.
"Not here you dirty bastard." I breathlessly whispered. "Home."
We fell in the door and sucked, fucked, slapped and crawled to bed where I was treated to the hardest cock I have ever experienced, it felt like an iron bar. Hubby kept talking about me posing and saying I better not change my mind, I said I would definitely be doing it and would make a good show for the old man and of course be the consummate model.
I awoke to hubby's cock sliding into my cum filled pussy. He said he wanted me to call Andrew as he slowly fucked me from behind. Boy oh boy I thought if this is the result of me posing, a good cocking from hubby in the morning and night,...count me in. I dialed Andrew as I lay on my side as hubby easily slipped slowly in and out of my warm cum filled pussy.
"Hi Andrew it's Jenni...yes good you?...great fun indeed...no, no offence taken, hehe...I was serious...yes...if you would like to...wow, OK, yes...when suits?...yes two is good...OK honey see you then...what...oh yes loose fitting...byeee." I hung up and dropped the phone on the pillow.
Hubby jetted his hot cum into me which sent me into a warm spasm followed by warm spasm.
"Well what is happening." Asked hubby with saucer like eyes.
"Today hun, I am going to Andrew's today." I replied.
Hubby started sucking my tits.
"I have to wear loose fitting clothes so as not to leave any marks on my tits he said...so no biting." I said.
I showered and selected to wear my Roman sandals with a short denim skirt, black thong, a loose virtually transparent cream top and of course no bra. It was agreed that I should be given a lift as walking through the village in a near state of undress may lead to me being arrested or fucked. As I walked to the car my braless tits jiggled in my top rubbing my nipples against the fabric which for the opportunist voyeur had the desired effect. It was a warm sunny day with a gentle breeze on my exposed legs and feet this all added to the relaxed dream like eroticism of what I was about to do...show my tits off to an old man who is old enough to be my granddad...and I couldn't wait.
We pulled up at Andrew's quaint cottage, hubby caressed my thighs and gave me a lingering kiss.
"Go and be naughty you sexy slut, call me when you want picking up." Whispered hubby.
I swung my legs out of the car as a couple of workmen sped by in their van, I saw them looking and heard as they tooted the horn in appreciation, I quickly thought of a scenario where I was taken in the back of their van onto a building site and gangbanged by the workmen...another day perhaps.
My nipples once again hardened as they brushed the fabric as I swayed up the gravel path to Andrew's oak studded front door, my legs were like jelly, I turned around hubby was gone, no turning back now. I pulled the bell, clang, clang went the old bell, within seconds Andrew opened the door. His eyes visibly widened, his old eyes slowly worked up from my freshly painted toes, up my naked legs and thighs and stopped at my tits.
It seemed like minutes passed before he spoke. "Come in Jenni dear; come in." As he pulled me close to him for a kiss on each cheek and a good chest on tits squeeze which again hardened my nipples.
"You look stunning, very, very nice indeed." He beckoned my past him and patted my denim clad arse.
"Into the lounge dear." He said.
l walked into the book and painting filled room to find Ed already sitting there with a big smile and a big camera.
"Hello stunner you look great." Said Ed as his eyes darted to my clearly visible tits.
Ed stood up and squeezed my buttocks in both hands as he kissed me on the cheek. He held this stance as both he and Andrew complemented me. I was encouraged to slowly turn around as they both sat down and mentally undressed me, having said that I couldn't blame them as I was virtually naked and was eagerly displaying myself to the two pensioners.
"You are a rose between two thorns." Quipped Andrew.
I sat in a chair opposite my two elderly friends and gulped down the wine I was offered. I was so turned on but still a little nervous so the wine was greatly received. My crossed legs were off great interest as there was a lot of thigh on display and I was teasing them by letting my sandals hang from my toes. I realised that I was sitting with the sun behind me, fair play to them as they had done this to get a better look at my tits in the thin fabric blouse and I was there to 'play' so fine by me.
"We never thought that you would come, I can't believe it." Said Andrew.
"Oh how could I refuse my favourite artist of all time." I joked.
"Tease as much ad you like Jenni, the pleasure is entirely mine." He replied.
"Me too Jenni, the lads at the camera club will be so jealous." Said Ed as he flipped the lenses cap off and took a photograph of my boobs, zooming in without bothering to ask "great looking tits you've got there girl."
On the phone Andrew had asked if Ed could join us to take pics for later reference when painting, I had held this back as a surprise for hubby. It was obvious that Ed was just coming along to look at me naked and I was more than happy to oblige.
"Well shall we?" Asked Andrew as he stood up.
I followed him out of his patio doors and across his lawn to his garden room come studio. Ed followed me and took some photographs from behind as I was being led to my naked destiny by old Andrew.
The studio was adorned with the usual artists paraphernalia. In front of the large windows that overlooked the lawn and back to the house was a plinth about 1 metre high about the size of a double bed. It had cushions and covers on it, obviously my 'stage'.
Andrew poured us all some more wine.
"Jenni can you climb up and get comfortable please." Instructed Andrew.
I kicked my sandals off and hopped onto the 'display plinth'. I knelt back with my feet tucked under my buttocks, this enhanced the firmness of my thighs to the elderly men as my skirt was pulled up which also meant that I was now showing my thong to them. I saw both sets of geriatric eyes dart to my thin fabric clad pussy. I stretched my back up which also emphasised my tits so I gave them a little jiggle, I could hear Ed's camera rhythmically clicking as he walked around me. My nipples were clearly on display through the thin fabric, OMG I thought I am soooo turned on.
"Very nice pose Jenni, you are a natural." Said Andrew as he started scratching his pencil on his pad.
To which Ed jokingly replied "Can we also be assured that those are natural too?" As he pointed at my straining tits.
I felt is if I was having an out of body experience as I undid the few buttons that were still fasten over my heaving tits.
"Slowly girly." Said Ed as he snapped away with his camera. "Oh Christ."I heard him say as my firm tits slowly became clearly visible to my two pensioners.
"Good God Jenni those are wonderful melons you have, lovely and firm I think, yeeze oh very,very nice." Said Andrew.
I was on a total high and loving it, as were the two creative naughty old men, they both clearly had erections in their trousers.
"Shall I take my top off now guys?" I asked.
"Slip it off and show us those lovely big tits girl." Said Ed.
I let the blouse fall down my arms and off and listened to the comments from old Andrew and Ed.
"Lovely tits on her, Christ almighty they are perfect, look at her nipples, Jenni hold your tits for us, play with those globes, pinch your nips for us." They mumbled whilst their breathing audibly increased.
I happily played with my tits as both of my old admirers called instruction to me. The wine and the debauchery had my head in a spin and my body in overdrive.
"Off with your skirt young Jenni show us your legs and peachy arse now." Called Andrew.
They both started slowly clapping and chanting "Off, off, off, strip for us Jenni."
I stood up topless and unsteady but determined to be sexy. I slowly unzipped my skirt and let it slowly slide down my thighs exposing my thong. I turned around and cheekily slapped my bum for them. As I was now facing out across the garden I froze ; the other old guys from the party Russell, Brian and Frank were sitting in deckchairs on the lawn facing the studio wine in hand watching me strip. As I stood facing them in just my thong they all clapped I heard muffled comments about my near naked body.
"Amazing, great tits, lovely legs, whorrrr, show us your pussy." As they made outlines of my body with their hands. Oh my, three lusting old men outside separated by only a window and two already rampant ones indoors, what was next.
"You might as well come in boys." Called Ed through cupped hands. "You don't mind do you Jenni."
It was more of an instruction than a question. I slowly nodded my head.
"Come on guys get in here and get a closer look at her." Shouted Ed whilst waving them in.
Within seconds they were inside I swear they all got jammed in the door at the same time. Here I was topless with five lusty old codgers letting them look, at my tits, what a slut, what fun!!
"Fuck me can I give them a squeeze?" Asked Russell as he stepped forward...
Dear reader should I tell more?