From this point on I will have to hand the story over to Jean, as who would be better regaling the tale than the slut who was there.
Dave left me at the table so I could enjoy a night of sexual passion with the three guys. True to form, the second Dave left, I nodded at the guys and Harry, Ross and Mike were back over at my table, knowing full well they'd already helped me remove my lace back thong, had played with my freshly waxed pussy and filthy talked me to such a state of arousal that I had told my husband to leave me at the hotel to enjoy a night with three cocks pounding and pleasuring me. These guys had worked me into a frenzy so quickly, with their sexual charm and brash confidence.
The first time they sat with me when Dave went off to the gents, they all spoke in innuendos and a very suggestive sexy talk. I responded immediately and all three sensed my immediate arousal. Harry spoke first when they sat down commenting how wonderful my tits and ass looked. Ross continued saying my husband was such a lucky man to married to a very sexy hot slut. He smiled saying I bet you love cock sliding in and out of you! I did love it and the flushed cheeks and startled smile provided the answer they were looking for. Mike spoke next saying that he imagined that I would thrash around like a fish out of water when my pussy was being licked. My arousal was frantic now as they all upped the ante. Harry smiled and said that he bet I had a tight trimmed pussy. I played along with the guys and replied that my pussy was tight and freshly waxed smooth!
Mike whispered seductively.
"I'd love to slide my cock up and down your smooth groove!" smiling as he watched me squirm.
I was biting my lip with lust and excitement when Harry slid my skirt up. I eased up off the seat to make his task easier. He tugged at the waistband off my thong and I helped him remove the black sexy lace garment. Harry winked at the other two guys and smiled.
"She is a dirty cheating slut with a freshly waxed pussy. Her cunt looks so sexy and tight!" he finished as his finger slid up and down my hairless slit.
"Why don't you come to our room and we can have a little party!" Ross grinned watching harry tease my shaved slit as my chest heaved with the build up of lust.
"Why don't I get my husband home and come back and fuck all three of you!" I replied offering the three guys my body.
"All three of us?" Ross enquired smirking "Looks like we'll be fucking your ass before the night is through!" he grinned confidently. His words excited me, as my mind swirled with the thought of three cocks fucking me in all of my unfaithful holes.
"Oh fuck that sounds hot!" I panted softly. "Once I get rid of my husband, I'm fucking all of you!"
This was only a couple of minutes after our initial introduction!
I glanced up and saw Dave returning from the toilets. He looked over seeing three guys at our table and for whatever reason that made sense to him, he attempted to hide unsuccessfully behind a column close to our table, obviously to listen to what was being discussed. I whispered to the guys that my husband was coming back and was hiding behind the column, so keep the conversation clean and I'd meet them later and let them all fuck me. Harry was still running his finger in my groove, flicking my clitoris with every up stroke.
The conversation did clean up somewhat, but was peppered with flirting and innuendos.
Harry's finger was steadily pleasuring me, knowing that my husband was close by with no real idea of what was going on beneath table, exciting the tormenting slut in me beyond belief. So much so that at one part of the conversation I was encouraged to hold my breasts and jiggle them. This was never going to be enough for an exhibitionist slut, so I snapped my long red nails over my achingly hard nipples, squeezing my breasts and jiggling the bugs firm orbs for my audience. Dave walked away from the column, walking right around the kidney shaped bar and headed toward our table through the throng of barflies. Harry had already given me his business card so I could contact them on my return. The guys got up from the table and left me to discuss my impending infidelity with my unknowing husband. I moved my skirt down just a little to cover my pussy but I chose to leave my stocking tops exposed, letting Dave know that his exhibitionist wife had been somewhat naughty.
I deliberately teased Dave, knowing that he likes to show me off and secretly thrills at my exhibitionism and actually gets aroused if guys hit on me, which also makes me so deliciously horny, knowing I'm responsible for making a cock hard!
I held back on my intentions, encouraging curious Dave to investigate what had been occurring, allowing me some delicious teasing and sexual torment.
I was on sexual tenterhooks as I began to inform him of what the guys had been doing and saying, and that I offered no resistance to their open flirting and outright suggestive tone, actually encouraging them, teasing them, flirting outrageously. The guys were extremely forward, suggesting they take me upstairs to party with them. I knew what kind of party they had in mind and actively encouraged their sexual advances. It was at that point that I knew full well, that I would be going up to their room, taking the next logical step, to actually allow the guys I've teased slide their cocks inside me. Something I admitted I was desperate to do for some time!
Dave was a little shocked, but I also sensed he was seriously aroused. A point I confirmed, when I stroked his rock hard cock beneath the table. After a brief discussion in which I sexually tormented Dave, detailing what I was going to do to the three guys, he finally accepted the fact, that I was going to be fucked by these guys. Dave kissed my cheek and wished me luck, giving me instructions how we would meet up after I've been gangbanged, then walked toward the exit.
As Dave left, I signalled to my three studs to come over to my table.
All three were soon to get access to all of my holes.
My state of arousal and sexual excitement was high, as the guys approached my table. I hitched my skirt up toward my waist once again, revealing my smooth pussy and stockings.
As the guys sat down they moved a lot closer than before, Harry nudging my legs open which I willingly obeyed, with a sexy smile emblazoned across my face
"Open them wider!" Harry ordered.
I again willingly obeyed. Well any good slut will obey and tonight I was going to be a sensational slut.
"Has your husband gone?" Ross enquired.
"I told him you guys are going to fuck me!" I smiled cheekily.
"And he was OK with that?" Ross asked.
"Doesn't really matter! It's my body to do with as I wish and tonight it belongs to you guys to do with as you wish!" I said subserviently.
"He must be a kinky fucker! Can't blame him, being married to such a hot cheating slut!" Harry grinned.
"I've sent him home to let me give my body to you guys!" I informed them "Him not being here, I can concentrate on fucking and pleasing all three of you! I'll be able to be a total slut with him out of the way!" I giggled suggestively "I'm all yours guys!" I stated, once again acting the obedient subservient slut.
"And when we've finished fucking you?" Mike smiled, flashing his diamond white teeth.
"He'll pick me up when I've satisfied you all!" I smiled excitedly.
"We're going to fuck you so hard and make you come so much!" Mike smiled.
"Oh please!" I almost begged "Fuck me and make me come! You can do whatever you want to me!" I smiled rocking slowly on Harry's fingers, still acting the subservient slut.
Harry's fingertips gently stroked my freshly waxed sensitive mound, sending shivers down my spine and sexual butterflies in my stomach. I opened my legs even wider as Harry's index finger ran down my smooth groove, opening up my pussylips and slipped inside my very wet pussy. I moaned throatily and had to hold on to Ross, such was my state of arousal, my chest heaving from the pleasure within my pussy, making my nipples as hard as granite.
I moved closer to the edge of my seat, with Harry's finger stirring my pussy delightfully. Harry's pinky finger rested at my asshole as I inched forward again. The finger slid inside my ass, making me moan sexually, enjoying the stimulation he was providing to my pussy and ass. I decided there and then, that these guys would be fucking all of my holes, and hopefully all at the same time. I gently rocked my hips as Harry's fingers fucked me in the lounge bar.
Ross pulled my face toward his and gave me a full on sloppy tongue filled kiss, holding my tits with both hands, twerking and twisting my nipples. Poor Mike just looked on as his two friends pushed my buttons better than they've ever been pushed before. My eyes were half closed enjoying the wonderful sensations of Harry's fingers and Ross twisting my nipples like I was some kind of cheap slut! Which at that point, I now was! I came whilst kissing Ross, which is just as well as I'm a noisy bitch when I come, and the whole bar would know what was going, though I think most of them did know as I noticed quite a few furtive glances over at our table as the guys brought me to sexual heights I never thought possible. I must admit that the thought of an audience watching me being groped and finger fucked was a delicious turn on! As my orgasm waned and my breathing returned to normal, I nodded to the guys and said.
"Let's go to your room where I'll do a little striptease and lap dance all of you, then you can all fuck me in all of my tight holes!"
It was at that point I noticed Dave sitting at the end of the bar, trying to hide behind a column, but I'd clocked him and realised he'd been watching my slut antics. As aroused as I was, this sent my arousal level in to overdrive. I needed to be fucked and I was desperate to feel some hard cock inside me. Any hole, as long as it was a hard cock pounding me like a slut. I decided that on our way to the lift I would give Dave a little treat before I disappeared to get impaled by three cocks. Harry had his hand around my waist, commenting how he couldn't wait to see me in my sexy underwear, which he said he wanted me to keep on as it would make me look more slutty.
I smiled and nodded.
"I'll do whatever you guys want!" I smiled suggestively, running the tip of my tongue over my white teeth and crimson red lips. As we walked past a hiding Dave, we lined up outside the lifts. I kissed Ross once more and with my lips nibbling his, I somehow managed to moan.
"Lift my skirt up!"
Harry willingly raised my skirt high above my waist, revealing my Black lace waspie and seamed stockings to anyone who could see, and I knew full well that Dave could see. My ass was naked and on view to anyone who was watching. As the lift doors opened, I stepped inside and bent over provocatively, arching my back, slightly parting my legs and revealing my waxed slit and puckered ring to my audience. Harry and Ross slid a couple of fingers into my pussy and Ross rubbed his thumb over my asshole. Mike stood in front of me, unzipping his cock as I placed my hands on my ass cheeks and pulled them wide apart, showing the guys the holes that were available to them, to use and abuse as they saw fit.
This was about as much as Dave saw as the elevator doors closed, leaving the sexual foursome alone to continue with their lustful activities. Mike's cock was now released and quite a cock it was. Large and hard with pulsing blue veins, running up the blood engorged shaft. I couldn't resist and slid the eight inch cock straight into my hungry mouth. The lift opened on their floor and thankfully their room was two down from the lifts. We walked the short distance with me holding Mikes massive cock, Ross fingering my naked exposed pussy, leaving Harry to open the door to his room.
As we all spilled into the room, three pairs of hands began to remove my outer clothing, preventing my striptease, but still making me feel so special and thrilling my outrageous exhibitionist nature. I was so excited knowing the guys would be looking at my exposed tits and waxed pussy, with their cocks rock hard from looking and touching my unfaithful body. My skirt was unzipped as it fell down my thighs, gathering round my ankles. I stepped out of the skirt, ensuring my legs were slightly parted, opening my waxed slit, revealing my aroused fleshy pussy lips.
Ross rolled my tight shiny black top over my huge breasts as I lifted my arms to ease the removal of my top. My huge tits were encased in my see through black bra, with my nipples almost ripping the nylon, such was their hardness. The guys looked at me with pure lust as I stood before them wearing only my see through black bra, waist cinching black lace Waspie, Seamed black stockings and my Spiked heeled black fuck me shoes. Smiling seductively at the guys, I held my pussy open, revealing my tight pink wet hole to my audience.
My pussy was tingling at what's to come, as all three guys got closer. Harry lifted me up, as I wrapped my stocking clad legs around his waist. I could feel my pussy gaping and exposed to the other two guys. Some how Harry undid his trousers as they hit the floor. His cock sprang upwards, banging against my pussy opening. Instinctively his hard cock slid inside my tight wet pussy, causing me to gasp out loud.
"Oh fuck me Harry! Fuck this cheating whore slut!" I encouraged.
Harry stepped out of his trousers and guided me to the bed, My arms around his neck and my stockinged thighs wrapped around his waist, as I slowly rode his cock on our journey to the bed.
The other two guys watched enthralled as Harry's cock stretched my tight pussy, each thrust making my asshole contract and expand. Ross stroked my little puckered bud, as my asshole continued to pulse with Harry's deep strokes.
Harry lowered himself slightly, now sitting on the edge of the bed, he began shuffling over to the middle as I sat upright riding his hard gorgeous cock. Mike knelt behind me, stroking his fingers gently around my puckered asshole. I was so horny at this point I thought I was going to sexually explode. I knew my ass was about to be filled with cock, giving me my first ever double penetration, and the moments leading up to it were astoundingly exciting.
Ross was taking his clothes off, giving me quite the visual treat, as his body was revealed to me. A very large uncut cock jutted from his groin. His body was tanned and well toned, which distracted me from my impending anal onslaught. He picked his clothes up to fold them on the chair then bent over showing me the most perfect biteable buttocks ever. I was moaning and almost drooling as Harry fucked my pussy or rather as I rode Harry's cock. Mike bent me forward which I assumed was for me to kiss Harry, which I willingly obeyed. My eyes rolled with desire at what happened next. Mike spat on my revealed asshole, treating me like a cheap slut, causing me to shudder with slutty sexual excitement.
"Fuck!" I panted "Treat me like a filthy slut!" I groaned.
Mike's finger smeared the saliva all around my asshole, as I felt the heat of his rock hard cock nudge at my sphincter. He pushed it gently into my tight asshole, as my sphincter grabbed his cock head, wrapping itself around the dome, gripping it tightly. He slid ever so slowly into my ass, causing me to moan throatily as my asshole accepted his cock willingly. Harry had slowed down to allow me to get used to the sensation of two hard cocks inside me.
I'd never felt so full of cock, so dirty, so slutty and so excited to make two cocks hard enough to want to fuck me.
Ross knelt at the side of me and Harry, resting his long hard cock on my panting lips as Mike began a nice steady rhythm fucking my ass. I looked at Ross' huge erection, moving slightly, I managed to get his cock inside my mouth and began sucking it as though my life depended on it. Harry ran his hand up my back and began to unhook my bra. My huge tits sprang from the bra as Harry began to twist and tweak my hard sensitive nipples.
This was it. Every available hole in my body was full of rock hard cock and my tits were being pleasured expertly.
Harry and Mike were giving me glorious pleasurable sensations I didn't think was possible as they fucked my pussy and ass in unison. Harry and Ross had a tit each, sexually torturing my nipples, sending me crazy with burning lust and desire. This continued for at least twenty minutes, with orgasm after orgasm surging through me.
Harry and Ross said through gritted teeth that they were both ready to come and wanted me to swallow their spunk. I nodded my head and moaned in agreement. Mike took his cock from my ass, whilst I took Ross' cock from my mouth.
Riding Harry's cock for a few more thrusts, I jumped off his impressive erection, lying down on the bed, holding my tits with my legs splayed displaying my well fucked cunt.
My mouth was wide open, willingly waiting for the onslaught of spunk. Mike knelt between my legs and slid his huge cock in my pussy while I held my pussylips wide open. Harry was the first to explode, unleashing a powerful stream straight into my mouth, slipping down my cheating slut throat. Ross was wanking his cock, waiting for Harry to finish. As the last drops slid off Harry's cock, I placed the cock head into my mouth and gently sucked his cock end clean. This proved too much for Ross, who growled indicating that he was ready to unleash his load. I removed Harry's semi erect cock from mouth only to be replaced by Ross' spurting cock. My lips closed around Ross' cock creating a vacuum effect as gushes of delicious creamy spunk flooded my mouth and slid down my throat.
I was so much in the zone, I never really heard the guys calling me a cheating slut, filthy bitch and ass fucking whore. When I did hear them, it sent me over the edge and I orgasmed like crazy, resulting in my pussy gushing female ejaculation all over Mikes thrusting cock and spraying up his tight manly stomach. Ross' cock slipped out of my mouth as my mouth was needed for breathing, the orgasm was so intense.
"Fuck me like a slut. You can all do whatever you want to me!" I panted as my orgasm felt it was never going to end.
"I'm going to fuck your ass again and then come in your mouth. Ass to mouth like a real cheating dirty slut!" Mike snarled.
"Oh please! Fuck my ass then come in my mouth! I'm your slut to do with as you wish!" I panted all subservient.
Mike held his cock by the base, removing it from my gaping pussy and effortlessly fed all eight rock hard inches into my stretched asshole.
Holding my stocking clad ankles, Mike pushed my legs high and wide. I could see his cock sliding in and out my ass. I licked a finger getting it wet, then slid the finger into my pussy. This wasn't enough for me. I was a cock hungry cheating slut and needed to feel a little pain and discomfort. I placed both hands either side of my waxed pussylips. placing two fingers from each hand inside my pussy, I then started opening and stretching my hole, showing all of the guys my internal pink pussy. Mike spat on my gaping pussy, sending me wild, resulting in me slamming my ass onto his cock. I was panting, almost sobbing with sexual desire.
"Fuck my ass. Make me come like the unfaithful slut I am!" I pleaded.
"I'm coming slut!" Mike growled through gritted teeth. Pulling his cock from my ass he dashed to my head, spurts of spunk erupting from his huge cock. The first splash hit my tits but the next three landed square on my face.
A small strand made it into my mouth, as I frantically scooped the spunk off my tits and face, spooning it into my mouth, lapping up the spunk and swallowing every drop. Mike knelt at the side of my face as I did the most slutty thing I've ever done. I opened my mouth and let his ass tasting cock inside, swirling my tongue around his still hard cock., slurping on the cock which had just defiled my ass.
As long as I live I don't ever think I will feel so aroused, excited and outright slutty as I did at that point.
Needless to say for the next three hours, all guys fucked my ass, pussy and mouth, coming in my mouth for the majority, except for the last session where I insisted they come in my ass and pussy.
Just before our final fuck, I called Dave and told him I was sorry I was late, but me and the guys were having such a fantastic time and would be another thirty minutes or so, which actually turned out to be well over an hour. due to the fact that before they fucked me for the last time, they placed a can of shaving foam inside my pussy and took photos and videos on their phones, as I masturbated with the replacement cock.
Next they made me lie on my back with my spunk stained stockinged legs as wide as was possible. The made me hold my hairless pussy wide open, showing my well fucked, wet hot hole. The they turned me over on to my knees, told me to thrust my ass in the air and hold my cheeks apart, showing my gaping just fucked asshole to the camera. Ross said extremely confidently.
"When we've come in your pussy and ass, we'll repeat those poses for the camera, showing as a cheating, unfaithful spunk filled slut!" I came holding my ass open as Ross' vile filthy talk sent me over the edge. When the guys had all cream pied my pussy and ass, true to their words, they repeated the degrading poses, arousing the inner cheating slut within me.
Harry pulled my hair, forcing my head back, making my mouth open as I moaned with mixture of sexual pain and sexual pleasure. With my mouth open, Harry smiled at me then spat in my mouth. This finally act of debauchery, confirmed my new cheating slut status and aroused me like never before. As the guys moved away from the bed, I sat upright looking at my cum stained stockings. I noticed love bites on my breasts, which for the life of me I never remembered happening, but my hard nipples were tingling from the effect.
Mike looked over at the used slut on the bed and said.
"Do you want us to fuck you again?"
I looked at all three guys and quietly whispered.
"Yes Please!"
"We'll be back in two weeks and we expect you to wear something outrageously sexy and kinky!" He ordered "And if your limp dick husband wants to watch then bring him along!" He continued insulting my husband but turning me on nonetheless.
"Call Harry on his mobile before the weekend and he'll give you a list of instructions of what to wear and what to do. But before we return you will get those fucking huge tits pierced!"
I smiled and nodded at his orders. Climbing off the bed I walked over to where my skirt and top had been discarded. My hair was matted with sweat and spunk and my make up was just a sexual blur. I put my skirt and top back on, as the guys attitude toward me softened. I gave each of them a light peck on the cheek, said my goodbyes and said I looked forward to our next fuck session in the future.
Harry smiled saying.
"You have my card. Call me and when we're next in town we can all fuck your cheating slut pussy and ass!"
His words aroused me, knowing that I was their cheating little slut, to fuck and do whatever they wanted.
"I'll definitely call you!" I smiled "Looks like one cock will never be enough for me from now on!" I smiled acting the obedient slut.
I got into the lift and gave Dave a quick ring.
"I'm on my way down honey" I said endearingly.
"I'm in the car park!" he replied, sounding a little peeved.
I walked out of the hotel straight in to our car. Dave looked at me nervously, seeing my flushed face and spunk matted hair.
"How did it go?" he asked sheepishly.
"Fucking Hell! Have I got a tale to tell you?" I smiled as the car moved out of the car park.
Part Three:
As I held Dave's cock at the base, I was mesmerised by the forceful amount of spunk he had just produced. My hand was saturated, as was his stomach and thighs. I'd quite a lot of exploding cocks tonight, but my lovely Dave outranked them all. I wouldn't have thought it possible that one man could produce so much, let alone spurt so forcefully and continuously. My regaling of the evenings events had worked sexual wonders on Dave. Without any doubt whatsoever our lives would never be the same again. My husband was a depraved voyeur and I was a confirmed cock hungry cheating slut. If tonight was anything to go by, I had a strong feeling we were going to thrive in our new lifestyle. I kissed Dave tenderly, gently chewing his bottom lip. My breath smelled of spunk from my earlier slut activities, which Dave seemed to enjoy, judging from the sexual moaning he was making as our lips locked. His tongue slid in my mouth and licked my tongue and teeth, possibly catching any residual spunk still left inside there. I was still holding his cumdrenched cock, wearing only my waspie and spunk stained stockings, which were now almost torn to shreds, like a good sluts stockings should end up! Dave removed his lips from mine, and began to slowly lick my cheeks and neck, obviously tasting the mixture of sweat and spunk on my soft flesh. As his lips reached my ear, he flicked his tongue deftly around my earlobe and whispered softly.
"I love you babe!"
I was thrilled to hear those words softly breeze into my ear, as I cannot ever recall being so in love with Dave, as I was at that moment. With Dave my sex life was a love life, and now with the introduction of additional cocks my sex life will become my slut life!
Dave looked into my eyes with a broad welcoming smile and said.
"You obviously enjoyed tonight, in fact we both obviously enjoyed tonight! If you want to continue fucking and being a slut, then please do so, but always tell me about it! Never hide it from me, then we'll be OK" He asked lovingly.
"How about the next time you come along and watch!" I smiled.
"Oh fuck babe, I'd love that!" He answered excitedly.
"I hope you can handle it, as things do get a bit extreme!" I replied "These guys really used and abused me tonight and I fucking loved it. I was not your loyal faithful loving wife, I couldn't believe how filthy and slutty I was. Willingly obeying anything they wanted. Sucking their cocks, having them fuck my pussy and ass, sometimes at the same time! Do you think you could cope with that?" I said straight faced and rather stern.
Dave smiled and nodded toward his cock, which was fully erect.
"Does this answer your question?" He smiled, stroking his hard cock.
"Put it inside me and mix your spunk with theirs!" I said wide eyed, teasing and humiliating Dave, almost panting with lust. Oh my God! I'd become an insatiable slut!
Dave moved closer to me and eased his way between my stockinged thighs. His cock was nudging at my well fucked opening, sending sparks of erotic electric pulses through my pussy. I could feel some of the previous deposits of spunk, trickle out of me and slide in to my ass crack, as Dave's cock opened me up making me buck against his hard meat. Dave's cock filled my stretched pussy, squeezing the copious amounts of spunk around my vaginal walls.
Dave smiled, looking into my eyes.
"I don't believe how horny this feels, fucking you with a cunt full of spunk!" he smiled, beginning to pant with sexual delight.
"You should fuck my ass, it's got two heavy loads in it!" I said proudly, well as proudly as slut could be.
Dave groaned with delight, removing his cock from my pussy, looking at his shaft coated with Harry's spunk. I raised my legs a tad higher, giving him better access and his cock slid inside my sphincter with consummate ease. My head was swimming with sexual delight as Dave fucked my ass vigorously, calling me a dirty cheating slut and a cock hungry whore. I thrived on his dirty talk as his cock pummelled my asshole. I was not only a slut away from the marital bed, I was now a slut in the marital bed. It felt like my libido was an itch that just could not be scratched.
This becoming all too much for Dave as he began to unload his spunk up my ass mixing it with Mike's and Ross'.
As his erection depleted and slid out of my cum drenched ass, a large dollop of mixed spunk ran down my inner thighs. I almost pounced on Dave's cock and like the dirty hungry cheating slut I'd become, I began to lick all of the spunk and ass juice off Dave's cock. He looked down at my slutty display, smiling wickedly as I stared into his eyes, whilst I licked all of the spunk from his coated cock. My mouth rinsed with the salty taste of fresh spunk. Mmmm.
Dave helped me to remove my Ripped and stained stockings, and I removed my Waspie, throwing it carelessly across the bedroom. Pulling the duvet over us, we snuggled up together, both sexually satisfied, with my hair caked with dried semen. We drifted off into a deep sleep, waking quite late for us, not surprising, considering the frantic evening we had just endured.
I kissed Dave on the forehead and dragged my cumslut body into the shower. Turning the faucet, the warm clean water cascaded over my cum dried skin, Running over my love bitten tits, swollen tingling pussy and raw smarting ass. Squeezing some shower gel into my hands, I began to rub my soap covered hands all over my now wet body. I had to be extra careful washing my pussy and ass. They were still very sensitive from the onslaught of cock, no more than 12 hours earlier but bizarrely I was still aroused. As the suds cleansed my skin and sexual holes, the tingling increased dramatically. I found myself brushing the cascading water off my tits and pussy, the warm water jets inflaming my arousal. Turning my back to the stream of water, I placed my hands on the wall opposite, pushing my ass toward the sprinkling water. I held my cheeks apart and felt the mild pressure of the water gently tickling my now cleansed puckered ring. I found myself panting and gently rotating my hips, letting the water fuck me softly. I held my asshole open, almost gaping as the water stimulated the inner walls of my sphincter stretched asshole. Placing my left hand on the wall to steady myself, I involuntarily began to slide the middle finger of my right hand up and down my smooth slit, deftly pressing my fingertip on my hyper-sensitive clitoris. Dave walked into the bathroom sporting a morning glory, smiling at me he sighed. "Didn't you get enough cock last night?" He tilted his head, smile emblazoned across his face and climbed in the shower with me. We kissed softly and lovingly as our two bodies became saturated with the glorious warm water. I turned my back to Dave as his hands cupped my large swollen breasts. Placing my hands on the wall, I turned my head slightly and whispered.
"Please fuck my ass!"
Dave's cock was already pushing against my asshole, and with no hands, he pushed his cock forward, sliding into my ass, causing me to catch my breath as Dave slowly began to fuck my ass.
I couldn't believe how much I was enjoying anal sex. This was something usually reserved for Christmas or birthday's as I found it OK, but not especially pleasurable. All that had changed after last night. I was loving having a cock in my ass. The tightness, searing heat and the dirtiness of this taboo sexual act reminded me instantly of the previous night's debauchery. Dave quickened up the pace, slamming his cock into my ass and squeezing my love bitten tits. As he was approaching orgasm, he began to twist and tweak my erect sensitive nipples, causing my own orgasm to begin erupting in my pussy as a strong surge of female ejaculation burst from my cunt.
I panted my way through the orgasm, turning my head to flick my tongue over my husbands soft lips.
"You cheating ass fucked slut!" he snarled, slapping my ass quite harshly "I'm coming inside your whore ass!" and splashed a rather large volume of hot creamy seed, deep inside my slut asshole.
Feeling his cock twitch with each spurt, provided me with a mini orgasm, enjoying the sensations of Dave's cock and the verbal abuse I had just endured, a new experience which I found I loved.
As Dave's cock slid out of my ass, I held my buttocks wide open, showing Dave my gaping ass begin to fill with water, watching his spunk float out of my red raw asshole.
I'd went from a teasing exhibitionist party girl to a depraved, cock loving, cheating slut in less than 24 hours and fuck me was I loving it!
Dave turned me around to kiss me as the spunky water flowed out of my ass. Holding my firm buttocks , he squeezed them gently.
"I think you'll need to ring those guys and get them to fuck you again!" He smiled affectionately "I don't think it's possible to keep up with you!" He exclaimed.
"I'm pleased your accepting this as I need to be fucked by different cocks! I've become a dirty unfaithful slut!" I giggled "But I'm your dirty unfaithful slut!" I continued.
Dave kissed me lovingly, kneading my buttocks, allowing the cascading water to run down my ass crack, rinsing the last remnants of spunk from my asshole.
Breaking off from our romantic kiss I whispered in Dave's ear.
"I'll ring those guys later and arrange a night of depraved fucking the next time they're in Manchester!" I breathed softly into Dave's ear, holding his semi erect cock and stroking it lightly "And I'll make sure you're in the room watching me suck and fuck three huge hard cocks as they drench me in cum!"
"Will they treat you like a dirty cheating slut?" Dave asked gingerly with just a hint of excitement in his tone.
"How could they not, after all that's exactly what I am!" I smiled.
"Shall we go shopping today and buy you some tight latex or PVC lingerie. You'd look the ultimate slut dressed like that, with your huge tits spilling out of it, as they all fucked you! He stated.
"Oh Dave I never realised you were so kinky! That sounds extra horny and delightfully slutty!" I teased.
"That's it then. We'll head into town, get you kitted out in your new slut uniform and perhaps buy a few toys to help you relive the moments when it's just you and me!" Dave grinned proudly.
"Sounds like a plan, but just to let you know this will be the last time I fuck these guys!" I said as Dave looked somewhat startled. "I don't want any emotional involvement, I only want their cocks and spunk!" I informed my surprised husband.
"That actually makes good sense." Dave agreed, nodding his head approvingly.
"But don't worry, I'll soon find other hard cocks to fuck all of my holes!" I smiled sexily"I already have a few in mind!" I winked saucily.
Part four:
Looking excitedly at the business card, I began to text Harry. It had been almost two weeks since Harry and his friends had defiled me exquisitely. I was now itching for a repeat performance, so punching Harry's digits into my phone , I sent the following text.
"Hi Harry it's Jean here. How's things?"
I deliberately kept it short, leaving Harry and the guys the option to contact me, as opposed to me running after them. After all it's a lot easier to get three cocks to fuck you than it is to get a dirty cheating slut to fuck three cocks!
I walked into the kitchen placing my phone on the worktop. As quickly as I put it down, it pinged with an incoming message.
"Sexy slut how are you? I was hoping you'd get in touch. Me and the guys will be in Manchester tomorrow and we'll be back in the same hotel about 7:30 if you're up for it!"
I smiled contentedly, knowing that tomorrow evening I'd be allowing three cocks to plunder all of my tight holes, hopefully under the watchful and kinky eyes of my husband.
"I'm always up for it! My husband will be watching this time. Kinky fucker wants to see his cheating slut wife taking cocks in all of her tight holes. I'll probably be extra slutty with him watching me be defiled" I texted back, giggling at my description.
"If he wants to see you being a filthy cheating slut, why would we care! Can you make it tomorrow night? Me and the guys are feeling particularly horny and looking forward to really doing you in front of your sap of a husband!"
His text thrilled me, especially where he bad mouthed my husband. I made a mental note to show this text to Dave, adding a little extra humiliation to the proceedings. I'm sure I could put this to good use.
"We'll be there at 7:30 and we'll meet you in the bar. I've got a special treat for you guys! Lots of slutty PVC lingerie and an extra treat which you'll see on the night!" Pressing send my text floated out into telecommunication world, awaiting Harry's reply.
"You're a dirty cheating sexy slut! Just the way I like them! See you tomorrow and we will also have a little surprise for you!" Harry's text ended.
I'd give Dave a call at work and let him know his demure wife would be transforming into her alter ego 'Cheating slut bitch' tomorrow evening, getting fucked in her shaved pussy, in her tight asshole and sucking cocks with her married mouth!
Changing my phone from text to dial, I called Dave on his mobile. He answer almost immediately, obviously excited as he knew I would be contacting Harry today.
"Hi babe! Did you call our friends?" He enquired chirpily.
"Did it just now! We'll meet them in the Hotel Bar tomorrow night and relive some of last weeks activities when they treat me like a slut. I've told Harry I'll be wearing my new kinky PVC lingerie, so when you get home tonight, you can select your preferred outfit for the guys to fuck me in!" I said in a sexy controlled tone.
"Sounds great babe! I'll book the next day off and we can make a full night of it. I'll book us a room and we can go early and you can pamper and prepare yourself!" Dave suggested.
"Sounds like a plan, oh and Dave, no fucking tonight! I'm saving all my holes for my studs!" Hanging up the phone, I knew my parting statement would be driving Dave insane with Lust, Jealousy and tormented humiliation. I was becoming quite proficient at this role.
I rang the beauty salon and arranged an appointment to get my nails done and have my pussy and ass waxed silky smooth!
The guys weren't aware that I got my hard nipples pierced five days ago, when Dave and I were shopping for sexy outfits and sex toys. It was an impulse decision, much the same as fucking the three guys was an impulse decision. We walked past a Tattoo parlour that also performed body piercing. Looking at Dave, I stopped in my tracks at the door of the parlour and said excitedly.
"Let's go in here and get my nipples pierced!" I grinned confidently, remembering Harry's request.
"Are you sure?" Dave smiled equaling my excitement.
"I am now!" I said grinning. "Look at the hot guy who is doing the piercings!" I continued, bringing an extra layer of eroticism to the scene.
Dave smiled as I continued.
"I'll probably orgasm whilst getting my nipples pierced! Especially if that hot fucker is holding my tits and pulling on my nipple!" I said, feeling my sexual excitement growing.
"When he sees those awesome tits, you'll definitely make him hard!" Dave stated.
"Dave Honey, would you go to the pub opposite and wait for me, as I want him to come on to me!" I smiled endearingly.
"Fucking hell, even out shopping, you're such a slut!" Dave laughed walking to the Kerb to cross the road to the pub.
Thankfully I was wearing a tight red turtle neck top, with no bra. My tits were very large, but also very firm, with no apparent sagging.
I took a deep breath and headed into the Tattoo Parlour. The piercing guy came toward me, blatantly eyeing me up and down. My coat was open and my tight red top and leather look skin tight leggings with high heeled stilettos seemed to perk him up somewhat. I was wearing no underwear beneath as we were shopping for lingerie and naked beneath meant it was easier for trying on the outfits. The shop was empty as the artist guy smiled a sexy crooked smile.
"How can I help you?" He spoke with a deep rich voice.
"I'd like to get my nipples pierced!" I smiled rather suggestively.
He returned my smile and brazenly stated.
"And I would love to pierce those nipples for you!" He smiled pointing at my chest as my erect nipples stretched the shiny skintight material of the red top. The top had cupped my breasts, almost looking as though the top was painted on.
I looked down at my erect nipples, holding my large breasts, I gently twisted my nipples, feeling my chest heave up and down with excitement. I looked into his eyes and teased.
"They do get rather erect when I'm excited!" I purred.
The guy grinned, turning the closed sign hanging in the window, he locked the door, placing his hand around my waist, he escorted me through to the back of the shop, where a sterile, comfortable room was laid out for piercings and privacy. There was what looked like a massage bed, but not quite as long, with what appeared to be stirrups, similar to what you would find in a labour ward.
"Strange looking bed!" I said looking at the bed and playfully moving the stirrups.
"They're for when customers are having genital region piercing or tattoos. It's easier access for the artist and a lot more comfortable for the customer!" He smiled.
I looked into his blue grey eyes, held my breast firmly, gently squeezing the fleshy orbs and whispered sluttily but seductively.
"Would you fuck me with my legs in the stirrups while you pierced my nipples?" I blurted out.
This guy was one cool customer, smiling his crooked sexy smile as his blue grey eyes sparkled with pure lust.
"I'd love to fuck you whilst I pierce those perfect tits!" He said flattering me, which seemed a bit pointless as I'd just asked him to fuck me! But as you know already, I'm a sucker for flattery.
I eased my skintight leather look leggings over my pussy and ass, revealing my waxed slot to the artist. Stepping out of my high heeled shoes, I slid the leggings off completely, returning my dainty feet inside the high heeled fuck me shoes. A slut must look a slut!
I peeled the tight red top over my ample breasts, revealing my full firm tits with my aroused erect nipples. Naked except for the high heels, I climbed on the bed, placing my long legs in the stirrups. My legs flew wide open resting on the leather covered metal as the artist stood between my splayed legs. My pussy lips were open like a flower in springtime.
My asshole was also on view, which I liked, as it made me appear even more slutty. The artist brought his piercing equipment to the table, placing it on a steel worktop solely for this purpose. He took out a liquid, that I assumed was some kind of sanitiser and sprayed it all over my very erect nipples.
Smiling at me, he took hold of my hard erect right nipple between his thumb and forefinger. A brief gentle twist of the nipple, then he pulled it toward him. I was sensationally aroused as he placed what looked like a gun over my stretched nipple. A quick click sound and a small bolt was injected in to my nipple. The sensation was strange. It wasn't exceptionally painful but I did notice the bolt, dart through my erect nipple. He removed the gun and carefully threaded a round silver balls at each end of the bolt.
He held the bolt and gently tugged as my erect nipple appeared to grow even bigger. Fucking hell it did feel astoundingly horny, lying naked on the bed with my legs wide open, having my nipples pierced. He stepped forward to concentrate on my left nipple. As he did so, the crotch of his jeans, pushed against my exposed pussy. I felt his cock twitch against my pussylips as he began to tease me. He repeated the piercing process with my left breast, which only seemed to heighten my arousal further.
He smiled looking down at his handiwork as the two silver glistening bolts pulled the nipples even more erect. I was so close to orgasm, the sensation was so strong, I needed cock and I needed it now. I heard his zip open and watched as he unfurled a very impressive hard cock, holding it by the base and delightfully rubbing the head up and down my waxed slit. A little hip thrust from me and his cock slid inside my hungry unfaithful cunt.
I came immediately as his length reached my cervix. He began to fuck me wildly, as I thrust my hairless pussy back toward his hips.
"Oh please! Fuck me hard!" I panted banging my hips against his.
"They bolts look great on your tits!" He complimented me, thrusting his cock inside me with long deliberate strokes. "You look one very horny slut with the pierced nipples and the shaved pussy!" He stated through gritted teeth.
"That's because I am a slut! After my next orgasm" I panted almost sobbing "You can fuck me up the ass!" I sleazily informed him, bringing my orgasm quicker with my slut behaviour.
He maintained fucking me with deep long strokes until my orgasm had subsided.
Moving my legs a tad higher, he withdrew his cock and slid his hard length effortlessly up my tight asshole. These stirrups had placed my legs, pussy and ass in the perfect positions for raunchy fucking.
I lifted my head to watch his cock slid in and out of my unfaithful ass. I really needed to get one of these beds! He began to twist my freshly pierced nipples which sent me over the edge, as another powerful orgasm surged through me.
His strokes became shorter and faster, a sure indication that his spunk was ready to explode. A slut knows when her lover is about to come, as the artist confirmed with a breathless whisper that he was about to come!
"Come in my mouth!" I pleaded, feeling him withdraw his cock and dash to the side of the bed. His timing was perfect, just as I turned my head toward his cock, a powerful spurt of spunk erupted from red slit and splashed the back of my throat.
At least five other powerful spurts joined the original as my mouth filled with hot creamy spicy spunk.
I opened my mouth to show him his load swimming around my tongue and mouth as I moaned with delight, showing the artist how much of a slut I was. He grinned watching my slutty antics, as I tilted my head back and swallowed every drop!
"Fucking hell lady! You are one very sexy slut! So good that the piercing is on the house!" He smiled stroking my hair and cheeks.
"How about I come back next week and you replace the bolts with rings!" I smiled licking his come off my lips "I'll wear something really sexy and you can fuck all of my holes again!" I said efficiently.
"Give me your number and I'll call when the best days are to come over." He grinned, continuing "Would you mind if my business parted looked on?"
"What the fuck!" I said acting surprised "He can fuck me also!" I sluttily declared.
Helping me into my leather look leggings, he then stood behind me, holding my tender breast as I pulled my tight red top over my head. Placing the palm of his hands over my nipples, I slid the tight top into place. He skilfully removed his hands from my breast, smoothing them down my stomach and around my waist. I turned to kiss him with my spunk tasting mouth, slipping my tongue softly into his mouth.
Breaking apart from our goodbye kiss, I scribbled my phone down on a pad and signed Slut, as the artist didn't know my name.
"When you call me, that's who to ask for!" I declared, as he turned his sign and unlocked the front door.
One last soft kiss and I was out of there, feeling the tantalising effect the cool air was having on my newly pierced nipples. In such a short time I'd moved from sexy exhibitionist to outright cheating slut. I've just fucked someone who's name I don't know whilst piercing my nipples and I've agreed to go back next week and fucked again!
I crossed the road to the pub opposite knowing my husband was in there, feeling tormented and aroused at knowing what his filthy cheating slut wife was up to! As I walked in I saw my husband sitting at a window table, obviously hoping to catch a glimpse of my little extra marital activity. I walked over to him and kissed him full on the mouth, letting him taste my cumdrenched tongue. Breaking off from our sexy kiss, I stood directly facing him, peeling my coat from my body and displaying my erect pierced nipples prominently pushing the boundaries of my skintight red top.
Arching my back slightly I thrust my tits forward, so anyone in the vicinity would get a good view of my newly pierced assets.
My husband smiled with delight at my new look, leaning forward he licked his lips and whispered.
"Did you give him a blowjob as your lips taste of cock and your breath smells of cum!"
"No!" I whispered tantalisingly "He fucked my pussy and ass whilst he pierced my nipples, twisting them gently, making me orgasm repeatedly, then he came in my mouth, which I swallowed every creamy drop!" I grinned watching my husband squirm with sexual torment and deep arousal. That was the last cock to be inside me, and will be, that is until I go to the hotel tomorrow for my next adventure in unfaithful debauchery.