Kymberly Marsh checked into the Whispering Creek Resort Hotel two minutes after her room became available, just as she had planned. The convention wouldn't start for another four hours or so, but she had things to do before the mixer that preceded that evening's presentation.
After she confirmed her room and picked up her key, Kymberly walked down the hallway to the elevator. The porter offered to take her small suitcase, but she told him it was no trouble for her to take it. She pulled it on wheels behind her.
As she walked to the elevator, Kymberly appreciated the expansive hotel lobby, with its wide, plank-wood floor and fine-grained oak wall paneling. Heavy, wooden chairs and stained glass light fixtures reflected the arts and crafts style in which the hotel had been built nearly a hundred years earlier. For a time, the hotel had fallen into disrepair, but, in the past ten years, new owners had restored it to its earlier glory. The hotel, consisting of seven buildings that sprawled over lush, verdant grounds next to a prize-winning golf course, now was a favorite site for conferences and conventions. Kymberly, a pharmaceutical representative, had arrived to attend an industry convention for the weekend.
At the elevator, she pushed the up button. Her room was on the fourth, and top, floor. She looked at her reflection in the mirror between two elevator doors.
Kymberly was 44 years old, but she didn't look her age. A life of good eating habits and regular exercise had kept her skin youthful and her figure trim and firm. Dark, thick, long hair framed an arresting face, feminine but strong, with bold dark eyes, high cheekbones and square jaw, and lush, full lips.
Kymberly wore a boat-necked knit shirt and a snug skirt that stopped just over her knee. Trim, shapely legs showed beneath the skirt and ended in two-inch black pumps with chunky, forgiving heels -- her travel shoes, as Kymberly called them. Kymberly had worked as a pharmaceutical representative for over 15 years, and she was skilled at what she did, but she knew that appearance mattered in this job, as it did in so many things. As she waited for the elevator, Kymberly's appearance attracted the attention of two men in sport coats and open-collared shirts standing behind her. She saw their reflections in the mirror. One obviously was staring at her butt, and he was elbowing the other one. They seemed to be unaware that she could see what they were doing in the mirror.
"Men," she thought. "They're so predictable. And so clueless."
Kymberly and her admirers got on the elevator together. The two men were going to the fourth floor as well. She kept her eyes ahead of her on the elevator door, but she knew they were checking her out. Men always were checking her out.
Fortunately for Kymberly, she didn't mind being checked out, most of the time. Kymberly liked being looked at, so long as the men doing the looking weren't being too rude or too obvious.
With a metallic sigh, the elevator doors opened. The two men stood to the side to let Kymberly get out first. Kymberly was enough of a traditionalist to appreciate chivalrous gestures, but she was enough of a realist to know that what they really wanted was to stay behind her so they could look at her butt. She knew it looked good, too, in her form-fitting skirt and in G-string panties that left no line in back.
Outside the elevator door, the hallway forked. Kymberly's room was straight ahead. Her admirers turned down the other hallway to the right.
Kymberly had to walk the length of the hallway to the end of the building to reach her room. Once inside, she wheeled the small suitcase to the bed. Her attention was drawn first to the large window that extended the width of the room and from the ceiling to about two feet off the floor. Thick drapes were drawn all the way back. Outside the window, she could see another building of the hotel, about 100 feet away.
The room was spacious, attractive, and clean. To one side was a small desk with a chair, and to the other side was a queen-sized bed.
A package, with an envelope on top of it, lay on the bed. The front of the envelope bore the words "Open Me" in familiar handwriting. Kymberly recognized the handwriting of her husband, Robert.
When Kymberly had decided to attend this convention, she had thought Robert would come with her. But an important business project on which Robert was working required his participation in several time-sensitive meetings on Saturday, the second day of the convention, so he was unable to join her. She would go to the convention alone. Not long before she departed, however, Robert told her over dinner about an idea he had.
"Kymmie," he had said. Robert was the only one who ever called her that. "I'm going to miss you next weekend when you're at the convention. But I have an idea. A kind of game. Something to keep us connected while you're away. Are you interested?"
"What sort of game?" she had asked.
Robert was serious and meticulous about his work -- it was a big part of why he was so successful. But with Kymberly, he could be playful and creative. Kymberly knew that Robert enjoyed her good looks, and enjoyed showing her off. In the last few years he had begun coming up with ways to dress her in skimpy, revealing clothing when they went out. Six months earlier they had gone on a vacation in the tropics, and Robert had convinced Kymberly to spend nearly all her time on the trip in skimpy bikinis or very short dresses. Kymberly resisted playing the role of eye candy at first, but eventually she found that she liked it. She liked how much it excited Robert, and the showing-off games had led to great sex. Plus, Robert's fetish for dressing her up had done wonders for her wardrobe and shoe collection.
After Kymberly had posed her question Robert stared at her. She didn't know what he wanted her to do, but she could tell he was determined to see it through. It would be hard to resist him. It always was.
"I want to keep it a surprise," he had said to her. "Are you game for a surprise? I don't want to say what it is. I want you to trust me, and tell me you'll go along with it. You will enjoy it, I assure you, though it won't always be easy. Can you do that?"
Kymberly had no idea what he was asking her to do, but so far, she had enjoyed his games. She trusted Robert.
"Sure," she had said. "I'll go along. What do you want me to do?"
"I'm not going to say anything now. You'll know when you get there. OK?"
"Well, that's cryptic," she had said. "But O.K."
He had smiled.
"Good," he had said. "I've got some ideas. This is going to be good. Really good."
Two weeks after that conversation, Kymberly stood in the hotel room with the envelope bearing her husband's handwriting in her hands. She tore it open.
"Dearest Kymmie," it said. "I miss you. I wish I could be there. But since I can't, I have a game I want to play with you while you are away. I think you will enjoy it.
"The only rule of the game is this: do what I tell you to do.
"My first two instructions are these: First, take all your clothes off. Second, text me when you have done so."
Kymberly stared at the words on the paper in front of her. Her heart beat a little faster than it had a minute before. She wondered where Robert was going with this. She was alone in her room, so taking her clothes off wouldn't be difficult or risky. She enjoyed playing games with Robert, and there was plenty of time to play before the convention festivities began. She smiled to herself and decided to play along.
She walked to the window and closed the drapes. She unzipped the skirt and stepped out of it. She pulled the shirt over her head. Then she unsnapped the bra and tossed it on the bed and pushed the tiny G-string down and off her legs. When she was done, she picked up her phone.
"I'm naked," she texted Robert.
Robert obviously was waiting for her reply because he texted back immediately.
"Good," he texted. "But did you leave the drapes open?"
"No," she texted back. "I closed them before I took my clothes off."
"I didn't instruct you to do that. You are to do only what I instruct you. Now you need to go back to the window, naked, and completely open the drapes to your room."
"What?" Kymberly thought. "I can't do that! It's broad daylight, and people from the convention may see me."
Before she could text her objection to Robert, however, he texted her back. He had anticipated her objection.
"It is sunny outside," he texted. "The sun is reflecting off your window. No one from outside can see clearly into your room."
"How do you know that?" she texted back.
"Because I've been in that room," he texted.
Kymberly didn't know that. He hadn't told her that.
"What? When?" she texted.
"I made arrangements for you to get that room. I've been in it. I also have looked in that window from outside. It will be difficult to see you. Go to the window now and draw the drapes completely open."
"When were you here?" she texted back.
"Don't worry about that," he texted. "Just do as I say. That is the game. You said OK when I asked if you were willing. Play along. You won't be disappointed."
Kymberly walked, naked, to the window. She walked to the side where the cord hung to draw the drapes open. She took a deep breath, and pulled on the cord, hand over hand. The drapes pulled open until she was done. She was pressed against the wall to minimize her exposure. To move back into the room, she would have to move away from the wall and expose herself.
After a few seconds and a deep breath, she did so.
She walked away from the wall, her fully nude body just a foot away from the window. Before she moved farther back into the room away from the window, she looked outside for signs of any person that might be able to see her. The building opposite her was four stories high as well, and it was laid out in such a way that there was only one room on the top floor that had a clear view to her room. The drapes of that room were drawn but she couldn't tell if there was anyone in it -- the light inside was too dim.
Four stories below her, a concrete path curved between the two buildings. Two people walked together on the path immediately beneath her room, but they were looking ahead, not up at her window. It appeared no one could see her. But it was thrilling to stand naked so close to the window, knowing that if someone were in the right place and knew where to look they could see her fully nude body. Kymberly moved closer to the window, pressing her hands against the glass. She shifted her body forward until her the tips of her nipples touched the glass as well. She felt the warmth of the air outside passing through the glass and radiating through her nipples and her breasts.
After holding that position for a minute, Kymberly moved away from the window into the depths of the hotel room. She kept walking until she was in the bathroom, out of sight of the window. She texted Robert to let him know what she had done.
"Good," he texted. "Now, you need to walk to the bed, slowly, without covering yourself. And open the package on the bed. When you are done, stand there, and text me."
She opened the package. It was wrapped in purple paper, and white cardboard inside. She pulled the lid off to see the contents. Inside the package were four items. One was a pair of gym shorts -- form-fitting, very short, colored purple with a black, curved strip on the side.
Another was a sport bra. It, too, was purple, with a black band that hugged the underside of the cup for each breast.
Another was a pair of purple heel socks.
The final item was a pair of workout shoes, in white and black with a purple stripe.
Kymberly smiled. Robert was keen on coordinating colors. And he liked to see her in purple.
She texted him.
"Thank you for the workout outfit. What do you want me to do with this?"
"Go to the window and slowly put this outfit on. Text me when you are done."
Kymberly gathered the workout clothes in a bunch and held them in front of her as she walked to the window. She and Robert had played some voyeur-exhibitionist games before, but nothing as elaborate or as planned as what they were doing now. Robert seemed to have planned and prepared this game meticulously. The thought of where it might lead scared her a little, but it thrilled her, too.
She stood close to the window again, completely naked except for the clothes she clutched in front of her at her waist. Her phone pinged again.
"Are you in front of the window?" Robert texted.
He seemed to be especially bossy with his games today, she thought. But she had to admit that she often liked when Robert took control. She wasn't sure if this was one of those times, but her heart was racing and her skin was tingling, and she hadn't said "no" to him yet.
"Yes, I am!" she replied. "Let me get dressed!"
It was a good thing he was hundreds of miles away. Had he been there he might have threatened to give her a spanking for her cheekiness. It was a threat he usually did not carry out, and when he did it nearly always was with a grin. But even so, she was feeling nervous enough without the added pressure of his physical presence.
She put the shorts on first, without underwear. She leaned over and pulled them up her legs, one at a time. They were small and tight, and she had to pull hard to draw them all the way to her waist. They hugged her buns snugly. She looked out the window and realized that her naked breasts were no more than a foot from the glass as she bent over, and fully exposed. Fortunately, she saw no one below. She looked at the window of the room across from her. She saw nothing. It was the only room with a good view into her room. It was at the end of the building, and to the left the building bent away from hers at an angle, so the other rooms didn't get a straight view to her building. She supposed that the occupant of the room below it could see if they looked carefully. She saw no movement or sign of occupancy from either room.
After donning the shorts, she pulled the jog bra over her head. It, too, was snug. The cups of the bra hugged her ample breasts well, but the bra still was skimpy and showed a lot of cleavage.
The bra took some tugging and adjusting to get it on right. When she was done, she put on the socks, and shoes.
"I'm done," she texted.
She walked over to the full-length mirror to see herself.
Kymberly worked out several times a week, every week, but never in an outfit this skimpy. The shorts looked tiny, with an absurdly brief inseam. The waistband lay shockingly low on her waist and her thighs were exposed almost all the way to her butt cheeks. The bra was made of a stretchy material that was sturdy enough to hold things in place, but it was skimpy too, and left a lot of cleavage. The effect of the ensemble was to show off nearly as much skin as she would show in a bikini on the beach. Kymberly had seen a few girls at the gym wearing similar outfits, but not many, and all of them, she was sure, had been 20 years younger.
She took a full-length photo of herself in the mirror and texted it to Robert.
He texted back immediately.
"You look beautiful. Now it's time to work out before the evening festivities. Do you know where the hotel fitness center is?"
"No, I don't," she replied. "I can look it up in the hotel guide." The guide was sitting on the desk in the room.
"No, don't," he texted right back. "Take your phone and your room key, and go to the front desk to ask them where the fitness center is. Take a selfie in the lobby, then go to the fitness center."
"I can't do that!" she texted. "Everyone is showing up for the convention now. They'll see me!"
"Exactly," he texted. "Everyone will see you. Time to get going."
Kymberly grabbed her room key and phone, but she paused at the room door.
She wasn't sure if she wanted to do this. Robert was getting a thrill from it, and she was excited. But Robert had never played out his voyeuristic fantasies with her to this degree, and she was nervous where they might lead, especially at a convention of her peers and customers. She wondered what Robert had in mind.
She hesitated. She was nervous about not knowing what Robert wanted her to do next. At the same time, if she didn't leave the room, she would never find out. She wanted to find out. Her curiosity -- and the thrill of the unknown -- won out over her nervousness. She opened the door and walked into the hallway, the door closing behind her with a chunk.
She walked briskly to the elevator. She had no desire to loiter in the outfit. The feel of the cool air on her skin reminded her how much of her skin was exposed.
As she neared the elevator she saw the two men who had been ogling her before approach it at the same time, from the other wing of the hotel. She saw their eyes widen when they saw what she was wearing. They paused to let her enter the elevator first, and she knew they were staring at her ass clad in the skimpy, skin-tight purple and black shorts.
In the elevator one of the two men spoke up.
"Going to get a workout? I hear the fitness center here is excellent," he said.
"Yes," she said. "I want to get some exercise before the evening events. Are you here for the convention, too?"
"We are," he said. "Skip and I are from Tolydyne. I hope we see you at the speech tonight."
"I'm sure you will," Kymberly said with a smile. The elevator let out a "ding" as it reached the ground floor. "See you then."
She left the elevator knowing both men were staring at her ass as she walked out.
As Kymberly had expected, the lobby at this hour was crowded with convention-goers checking in for the weekend. Most of them were dressed in business casual clothes -- men in khaki pants and long-sleeve or polo-style shirts, women in skirts or pants.
No one else in the lobby was dressed in form-fitting short shorts and a workout bra, as she was. Kymberly walked to the front desk, knowing her husband wanted her to be dressed this way, and keenly aware that she stood out like a peacock in a flock of pigeons.
Kymberly tried to keep her eyes straight ahead, but she couldn't help but notice the heads that turned toward her to watch her as she walked to the front desk. She saw many eyes widen, a few jaws drop, and at least one woman's thin lips turn down in disapproval.
By the time she reached the front desk, the concierge was looking at her with wide eyes; she had his full attention.
"Where's the fitness center?" she asked. She felt ridiculous asking. She could have found out by looking at the hotel guide in her room.
"I'll show you," he said, and he beckoned her with his hand to come nearer. She did so, and he pulled out a map from behind the front desk and put it on the counter between them. Kymberly had to lean over to see it. By doing so she exposed a considerable expanse of cleavage to the concierge, and she showed off her barely clad butt to everyone in the lobby around her. The shorts stretched incredibly tightly over her bottom. The fabric was so thin it almost felt like she was naked.
"We're here," the concierge said, pointing to one place on the hotel map. It seemed to Kymberly that his finger crawled over the map to the next stop, that he was dragging this out more than necessary. It also seemed to her that his eyes were straying from the map to her cleavage more than was necessary.
"Here's the fitness center," the concierge said at last. "You just go down this corridor past the elevators, then turn right, and keep going and you'll see a sign for it on the right side." He was talking to her but his eyes didn't look at hers; they were moving back and forth between the map between them and the expanse of skin above her workout bra.
"Thanks," Kymberly said, and she turned around. She could have sworn that when she did so at least a dozen faces -- not all men -- turned abruptly away from her. She was aware, more than ever, that, amid a large group of business and professional people checking into the hotel for the weekend, she was the only one dressed in skimpy workout attire.
"I hope Robert likes this, at least," she thought.
As if on cue, Robert sent her another text message.
"Did you get the directions?"
"Yes," she replied.
"Good. Before you go to the fitness center, stand in the middle of the lobby and take a selfie with your phone, with your back to the check in counter."
"I can't do that!" she texted back. "Everyone will be looking at me!
"I have a reputation to keep here!" she texted again before he could reply.
"Everyone will look at you," he replied. "That's a good thing. They will talk about you. They will want to talk to you later. It will help you."
Kymberly wondered about that. She was a 44-year-old woman dressed in not much more than a bikini standing in the lobby of a luxury hotel surrounded by customers and competitors in her industry. She had no doubt that she was the focus of a lot of attention. Men, especially the older ones, would be looking at her with unabashed desire. That didn't worry her too much. It was the women's reaction she worried about. Some might admire her gumption in being so bold. But others might resent her. She couldn't do something that would hurt her ability to represent her company.
But she had told her husband she would play his game. And, secretly, she wanted to play it. A part of her liked knowing that she was the center of attention.
She walked toward the center of the lobby and stopped under a large, Tiffany-glass chandelier. She pulled her phone out and held it as far from her as she could so Robert would see her figure in the little outfit with the check in desk behind her. She snapped the photo and then sent it to Robert. She held the phone and look around her to see if anyone was looking at her taking the picture. She saw more than a few faces turned toward her. Then, with chagrin, she heard a familiar, high-pitched voice.
"Kymberly!" the voice called out from behind her. "Did you get a good picture?"
Kymberly turned around to face her interrogator. It was Kristin Conway, a sales representative from one of her company's main competitors. Kristin and Kymberly had known one another for nine years, and they saw one another frequently at pharmaceutical industry events. Kymberly had long known that Kristin saw her as her arch-rival. Kristin was the last person Kymberly wanted to see right now.
"Hello, Kristin," said Kymberly, her face warm with embarrassment. "Nice to see you."
Kristin looked Kymberly up and down twice. "Nice outfit!" she said. "Is this part of Sintrell's new marketing campaign?"
"Bitch," Kymberly thought. Kristin -- short, blonde, and blue-eyed -- constantly maintained the perky, bubbly manner of a high school cheerleader. But, Kymberly thought, if you looked more closely you could see she moved through a crowd like a shark swimming through a crowd of fish. She always was sniffing for blood in the water. Now, obviously, she thought she had found it.
"No," Kymberly replied. "I'm going to get a workout done before tonight."
"Good idea!" said Kristin. "It gets harder and harder to maintain that figure as we age, doesn't it? But you seem to be doing a good job at it." Kristin was ten years younger than Kymberly, and never failed in their encounters to bring up the subject of age.
"Thank you," Kymberly replied. "Well, I better get going."
Kristin's eyes swept over Kymberly's body a last time.
"See you later," she said. "I'm sure you'll have plenty of people joining you soon to keep you company." She flashed a big smile and walked away.
Ugh, Kymberly thought. The less she had to do with Kristin Conway at this convention, the better.
She became aware again that she was standing in a hotel lobby crowded with fully dressed people, and she was the only one who was barely dressed. She quickly left and started down the hallway to the fitness center. It was time to find out what else Robert had in store for her.
It wasn't hard to find. In contrast with the arts and crafts style of the hotel, the fitness center was austere and modern. Mirrors lined the walls so guests could watch themselves as they worked out. Treadmills, stair climbers, and other cardio machines were clustered to one side in front of several television screens.
Various weight machines were centered in the middle, and the free weights and barbells and benches were set off to the other side.
Ping.
She looked down.
"Are you there?"
"Yes," she texted him.
"Start on the treadmill. After a warmup do some fast intervals so you work up a good sweat. Pick a treadmill in the middle of others to maximize the number of people who can see you."
"He's really thought of everything," she thought. That was Robert -- always a meticulous planner.
There were three rows of aerobic machines, with five machines in each row. Following her husband's instructions, Kymberly chose the treadmill in the middle of the front row. She judged that about half the machines were being used by guests. She felt keenly exposed from behind by the brevity of her skin-tight shorts. She set the machine to a slow setting, set her phone on the console in front of her, and started walking.
In a few minutes, she had warmed up enough to increase the setting and speed. She jogged slowly on the treadmill. Someone occupied the empty treadmill next to her. He was a tall, good-looking man, nice jaw, rumpled, short, brown hair, somewhat younger than she -- perhaps mid-thirtyish.
He took no time introducing himself to her.
"Do you know if you can set these machines to do intervals?" he asked her.
Kymberly thought that was a pretty smooth question. He hadn't said anything about her looks, or anything that was obviously flirty or lewd, and he had appealed to her knowledge of what she was doing.
"Yes," she said. "Just push the PROGRAM button and you'll get instructions about what to do."
"Cool," he said. "I don't have much time and want to squeeze in a good workout before this evening."
He punched the program button and hit a few more buttons to adjust the workout settings. Kymberly kept her eyes ahead of her, on a television screen showing the day's news, but she could see out of the corner of her eye what he was doing.
After he started a slow jog he turned to her again.
"Are you here for the convention?" he asked. She noticed his eyes moving up and down the length of her body.
Kymberly felt embarrassed at the man's stare, but she also thought that if she dressed the way she was dressed she wouldn't be able to avoid men's stares.
"I am," she said. "I'm a rep for Sintrell." She huffed a little between her words as she jogged on the treadmill. "I'm Kymberly."
"Nice to meet you," he said. He flashed a smile full of large, white teeth. "I'm Blaine. V.P., Marketing, Corvadex."
The phone on the console in front of her pinged.
"Tell me what you are doing."
She texted back to her husband. It was awkward doing so while running.
"I'm jogging on the treadmill and being hit on by a VP from another company." She hit the send button with a little glee, knowing that would make him jealous. It served him right for getting her dressed in such a little outfit in front of so many people.
"Good. Just remember. They can look, but they can't touch!"
"Don't worry, dear husband," she texted him.
Blaine was looking at her as she put the phone back on the console. He was checking out her left hand, which bore a wedding ring with a large diamond. It hadn't stopped men from hitting on her in the past, and Blaine didn't look like the kind of guy who would be deterred by it. But it was time to speed up the workout. She punched the buttons to make the treadmill go faster.
Soon she was running at a steady, brisk pace -- not all out, but fast enough to make her breath hard and to force her to pay attention to keep her body up right on the quickly turning treadmill. Her feet turned over rapidly and she pumped her arms. She looked at the reflection of herself in the mirror. It really was a small outfit, she thought, and the purple and black fabric was almost a blur as she ran in place on the machine. Her figure was nearly all taut, firm skin -- thin waist, with no fat, and legs moving fast like pistons. Her breasts, though, looked very full and upright in the sport bra, and they heaved and bounced with every deep, quick breath and step she took.
With a quick glance, she could tell her neighbor, Blaine, who ran more slowly than she did, was checking her out, though trying, mostly unsuccessfully, not to be obvious about it. He wasn't the only one. At least seven other men were on machines around her and most of them gave her at least one admiring glance. She even caught a woman in the back row on a stair climber sneak a peek at her butt.
Kymberly was working up a sweat, now. She knew that was what Robert wanted -- he wanted her to be damp and sweaty in her little shorts and bra top before she moved on to the next part of the workout. At first, she just felt her skin grow warm, but then she felt the growing dampness, and then moisture soaking into the edges of the bra and the waist band of the shorts. She even felt some moisture between her legs, and for a moment wished she were wearing something under the extremely thin shorts. It was too late to do anything about it now.
She kept at the brisk, steady pace for twenty minutes, until she covered in a fine film of perspiration. Then she slowed the machine and her pace to cool down for a few minutes, and finally she grabbed her phone and hopped off the treadmill.
She texted Robert.
"I'm done. And covered in sweat. What now?"
"Do some squats and overhead presses with dumb bells. Then do some bench presses. Get someone to spot you."
Kymberly moved over to the side of the room where the free weights were stacked. Kymberly was a regular gym-goer, and she preferred free weights to machines. She grabbed two moderate dumbbells from the rack and took up a position to start doing some squats. Before she started she saw another text.
"When you do the squats, turn sideways to the room so everyone can see your body in profile."
"My God, he's bossy and kinky," she thought. Her husband was hundred miles of way, hanging on his phone, and thinking about exactly how she positioned herself to show her body off to other people to maximum effect.
She faced sideways to the room, the dumbbells in her hands at her side, and began doing the squats, slowly. She lowered herself all the way, until her thighs were parallel to the ground. She exaggerated, just a little, pushing her butt out behind her and her chest out in front of her. By looking in the mirror at various places around the room she could tell that she was being checked out by other guests working out on their machines. Blaine was getting off his machine and walking over to the free weight rack. After finishing a set of 12 she paused for a minute. She did three sets of squats.
Robert texted. It amazed Kymberly that Robert seemed to have timed her movements perfectly even though he couldn't see her.
"Set up your phone to take a photo on 10 second delay, then take a photo of yourself standing with the weights in your hand and up at your shoulders."
He was making this embarrassing, forcing her to put herself on display and conspicuously take photos of herself while doing it, in front of colleagues and competitors. "Well," she had to admit to herself, "he isn't forcing me. It's my choice to do this."
Kymberly didn't have to follow his instructions. But she enjoyed following them, although doing so was embarrassing. She set the dumbbells down and set up the phone to take a photo on delay. Then she pushed the button, set it on a bench near her, and quickly back away and picked up the dumbbells again.
The flash went off. She hadn't meant to set it on flash, but she had, and now everyone in the room would know she was taking photos of herself.
"Workout selfie, huh?" she heard a voice behind her. It was Blaine.
"Oh, uh, yeah," she stammered. "I take photos from time to time to follow my workout progress."
"Oh, that's a good idea," he said. "Here, I'll take one of you -- it'll be a better photo that way."
"O.K., thanks," she said. She didn't really want to push things forward with Blaine, who obviously was interested, but she knew Robert would like it -- as long as things didn't go too far.
She posed in three different positions while Blaine snapped photos of her with her phone. He handed the phone to her and she checked out the photos. The last one was best: it showed her standing at an angle to the camera, with one arm curled with a dumbbell in hand, up at her shoulder, her bicep flexed and dewy with sweat, and her eyes open wide and lips parted. It was a sexy photo, and for a second she thought it was strange that she had just posed that way for a stranger. But Robert would like it. She hit the keys on her phone to send it to him.
"The man who's trying to hit on me just took this."
She held her phone and waited until Robert sent his reply.
"Very hot, baby. Now ask the nice man to spot you while you do bench presses."
Kymberly thought that she had a very naughty husband. She looked at Blaine, who seemed torn between moving on to his next routine and watching her. So far, watching her had won out.
"Hey, Blaine," she said, "would you mind very much helping me? I'd like to do some bench presses and I need a spotter."
Blaine's face lit up eagerly, and Kymberly knew he wouldn't mind helping her at all.
"No problem," he said. They walked together over to a bench with a bar over it. Kymberly put a weight on either side and fastened each to the bar securely.
"You look like you know your way around a gym pretty well," Blaine said.
"I do this a lot," she said.
"I can tell," he said, with a smile that was not quite wolfish but not quite innocent, either.
After finishing getting the barbell set up Kymberly glanced in the mirror, wondering what she looked like to Blaine. Her eye was drawn down to her shorts, and she noticed with dismay that a pronounced camel toe had formed where the tight and now lightly damp shorts covered the space between her legs. There was nothing she could do without calling attention to it. She knew Robert wouldn't want her to, either.
She lay back on the bench, splaying her legs and planting her feet firmly on the ground. Blaine stood behind her, ready to catch the bar if necessary. From her position, she couldn't see what he was looking at, but she guessed that he was getting an eyeful of the ample cleavage put on display by the skimpy purple and black bra. Or, maybe he was looking at the smooth, taut skin of her abdomen. Or, if his eyes were straying still lower, maybe he was staring at where the tight shorts fabric clung to the skin between her legs, where the seam fit directly over and formed a noticeable gully right over her sex. Kymberly didn't know. It was a little embarrassing, but she had a workout to do, and she hoped he wasn't too distracted to help her if she needed the help.
As it turned out, she didn't need the help; she could get through a few sets without too much difficulty. She was aware the whole time of the show she was putting on in the shorts and bra. Pressing the weight caused the muscles of her chest to contract, accentuating her cleavage. She also found herself clenching her butt on the upstroke, which caused her hips to rise slightly and to stretch the thin fabric even more tightly over her pubic mound. She noticed that another man had started lifting dumb bells a few feet beyond the end of her bench, and he must have been getting quite a view between her spread legs.
She finished and sat up and looked around, and she had the sneaking feeling that about half a dozen of the gym goers suddenly had averted their eyes away from her.
"Good job," Blaine said behind her.
She twisted backward to say "thanks" and she caught him staring at her still heaving chest.
"Thanks for your help," she said. Then she picked up the phone at her feet to text Robert.
"Time to stretch. Include planks and leg lefts and do some with your legs stretched open."
Robert is going to get me in trouble, she thought.
Robert wanted her to show her off to the guests in the crowded fitness room during her cool-down stretching. Kymberly figured that the way to do it without looking overtly like she was showing off was to look like she knew what she was doing and move through the stretches quickly. Fortunately, Kymberly, through lots of gym experience, knew what she was doing.
She walked over to a mat nearby and lay on her back. Then she planted her feet on the ground and lifted her butt as high off the ground as she could, clenching her glutes. She straightened her body, and she knew the front of her body was lifted high and on display for everyone -- her bra-clad breasts, lean torso, and, most of all, her lycra-clad pubic mound, still noticeably grooved down the middle and sculpted by purple and black lycra. She held that position for a minute.
She flipped over and got up on her toes and elbows, holding her body straight in a plank position. Now her perky butt was on display. Then she alternated taking each leg off the ground, first raising it as far back as she could, and then holding it out straight as far to her side as she could. She felt the muscles of her core tensing with the strain of holding the position, and she felt the muscles of her butt contract as well.
Kymberly had done all these stretches in gyms before, and she often had been aware of the glances she would get from men working out nearby -- sometimes subtle, sometimes completely obvious. But she'd never worked out in a gym in an outfit this skimpy. Through her side vision she could tell she was getting lots of glances, and a lot of them weren't subtle at all.
She stood up and moved to the wall to stretch her calves, and she pushed her butt out and put it on display again. Looking in a mirror to the side of her outstretched hands against the wall, she saw glances being cast her way. Her admirers included Blaine, who was sneaking peeks at her while curling dumbbells that looked too heavy for him. She thought he probably was trying to impress her.
Next, she lay back on the mat and raised her legs straight and pressed together in the air. She brought her toes back, back, back, until they were over her head, and then she spread her feet apart. In that position, she knew the little shorts were riding far up her thighs, and she could feel the exposure of skin at the edge of her butt. She knew the thinly-covered gap between her legs was on view as well. She held that position for a minute and then brought her legs back to the ground.
After a few more stretches she was done. She texted Robert.
"I'm done with the workout." Then she texted what stretches she had done so he could imagine her doing them.
"Good," he texted back. "Time to go back to the room. Let me know when you get there, and then take a shower."
"I'm heading back to my room," she told Blaine, who looked disappointed that she was leaving.
"I'll see you later this evening," he said.
"See you then," she said. She stood up, toweled off the bench, and left the fitness center.
By now nearly all the guests had checked in for the weekend, and the hotel corridors were crowded with people. She caught dozens of people -- mostly men but some women too -- staring at her sweaty, scantily clad body as she made her way back to her fourth-floor room.
Once back inside the room, Kymberly texted Robert that she had arrived. She kicked off her shoes and peeled off the socks and bra, and then finally pulled the little shorts down her waist and legs until it lay on the floor. She scooped up the sweaty garments and put them in a compartment in her suitcase. Then she walked naked to the bathroom and started her shower.
Kymberly thought about what Robert had made her do. It embarrassed her, a little, to know she'd put her figure so boldly on display before so many people, and it was doubly embarrassing that these were people in her industry, people with whom she did business or from whom she would try to solicit business, people that she would be socializing with over drinks and dinner later that evening. But the exposure excited her, too. And it was doubly thrilling that she'd put herself in Robert's hands, leaving it to him to decide how and when she would be exposed.
She wondered what was going to come next. Already Robert had pushed her exhibitionism boundaries beyond where they'd been before. It was hard to imagine what more he might ask her to do. Whatever it was, she was enjoying the game and wanted to keep playing it. But knowing Robert, he had planned a lot more. It made her nervous to think about what it might be.
After thoroughly washing her sweaty body, Kymberly rinsed herself off. She stepped out of the shower and dried herself off with the plush hotel towel.
She heard the ping of her phone again and picked it up.
"Are you done?" Robert texted. "If so take a selfie in the bathroom mirror and send it to me."
She dropped the towel and held the phone up in front and a little to the side of her. To spice up the show she stood with her legs apart and one hand on her head, her hip cocked to the side. Kymberly appraised herself in the mirror. Looking pretty good, she thought. She hadn't showered long enough to steam up the mirror so it was a clear shot. Only a few days before the convention she had scheduled a full Brazilian wax job, so she was showing a lot between her legs. She knew Robert would like it. She sent it to him.
"Very nice, darling," he texted in reply a minute later. Now take the blow drier and walk out into the room and dry your hair. Stay naked with the window open. Text me as soon as you are done."
She thought about that. It would take quite a few minutes to dry her hair, and she would be taking a bigger chance of someone outside seeing her if she stood naked in front of the window so long. But she had started the game, and she was going to see it through, if she could. She stepped tentatively out of the bathroom into the well-lit hotel room, dryer in hand. An outlet was on the wall next to the desk, so she plugged it in there, stood facing the window, and dried her hair. She grabbed a brush off the desk and brushed it as she dried it.
Standing there with her arms up and hands full and over her fully nude body, Kymberly was both nervous and excited about her exposure. No one could see her, as far as she could tell, but there was nothing to stop someone from seeing her like this if they were standing in the right place and looking in the right direction. It was thrilling.
She thought she saw movement in the room across the way. It was difficult to tell, because the light wasn't on in that room and she couldn't see clearly into it. She peered carefully into it, but she didn't see anything more. Her eyes might have been playing tricks on her.
After a few minutes of standing, exposed, she finished drying her hair and texted Robert that she was done.
"Good. Now, pull the clothes you are going to wear out of the suitcase onto the bed, but don't put them on yet. Stay naked."
She lifted the suitcase and put it on the bed and unzipped it. She pulled out the dress she intended to wear that night, and a bra she had brought as well. She looked for the panties she intended to wear as well.
A knock sounded at the door. Then a man's voice.
"Room service."
Kymberly hadn't expected that. "Just a minute," she called.
A bathrobe hung in the bathroom, and she moved toward the bathroom to put it on, but she thought she should let Robert know first, since part of the game was not getting dressed without his permission.
"Room service at the door. I have to get dressed," she texted him.
His reply was immediate.
"Do not get dressed. Stay naked, open the door for him, and wait for my next instruction."
"What?" She thought. He had never gone this far. It was one thing to wear a skimpy outfit to the gym, or to stand naked in front of the window when no one was looking, but it was another to open the door for a man and invite him into her room while she was naked.
"Hello?" called the voice outside the door. "I have a package."
"Just a sec," she answered him through the door. She hadn't expected a package to be delivered. Robert must have sent it, which meant that its delivery by the porter was part of his game.
He had planned to expose her naked body to the porter from the beginning. Goosebumps popped up on her arms at the thought.
Kymberly wondered what Robert had in mind for her.
She stood next to the door, fully naked, with one hand on the door handle and the other still clutching the phone. Could she do this? She had enjoyed Robert's games up to this point, and she enjoyed the mild exhibitionism he had put her through. But this was a whole new ballgame. She was trembling with nervousness. She wasn't sure she could go through with it.
Her mind was a frenzy of calculations to decide if she could, or should, keep playing Robert's game.
The porter didn't know her. He wasn't a guest or someone whose business she was trying to win. If he saw her naked, he probably would be discreet. Even if he told other hotel employees about her, all they would know is that he'd seen an unnamed naked female guest in one of the rooms. It was embarrassing, and it was something she'd never done before. But it wasn't that big a risk, was it?
What the hell, she thought. She opened the door.
Whatever Robert's game was, the hotel porter wasn't in on it, because his eyes bugged out in surprise when he saw her standing naked in her room. He was young, she noticed -- probably in his early 20s.
"Come in," she said, trying to keep her voice steady.
She stood aside while he walked in the door with a large rectangular package in his arms. In the narrow room entry, the porter's shoulder nearly brushed against her exposed and erect nipples. She shut the door behind him and was grateful when she heard it close, knowing at least that no one else could see her naked. He turned back to her.
"Um, where do you want it?" he asked, hesitation in his voice, and his eyes scanning her body.
"Just put it over there on the bed," she said. Kymberly was surprised how firm her voice was. Five minutes earlier, she would have thought she would die of embarrassment to show a hotel porter her naked body as she was doing now. But she didn't die. On the contrary, her nudity in front of the porter, though unfamiliar and somewhat nerve wracking, excited and emboldened her.
The porter walked the package over to the bed. He seemed to be in no hurry, obviously wanting to delay and to see as much of Kymberly as he could before she ushered him out of the room.
Robert's next text came.
"Next part of the game. Give your phone to the porter and ask him to take 5 photos of you. Tell him he gets to choose the position for each photo."
"Oh no," she thought. Robert kept ratcheting up the exposure and embarrassment.
The porter had left the package on the bed, and was standing beside it, looking at her, trying not to be too lewd about it, but unable to keep his eyes off her nude body. He seemed to be waiting for a tip, as well.
"He's going to get more than a tip," Kymberly thought. "Robert, I can't believe you are making me do this."
Kymberly stood before the porter, completely nude, and keenly aware of her nudity. She struggled to make eye contact with him in her current state, but with effort she did.
"Can you do something for me?" she asked him.
"Ah . . . ah . . . sure," the porter said, his eyes uncontrollably running all over her nude body.
"Um," Kymberly said. "This is kind of a funny request. But . . . but, can you take five photos of me, and tell me what position you want me to take for each photo." She held her phone in front of her.
The porter didn't seem to get it at first.
"Wait a minute. You want me to take your photo?" he asked. "And you want me to say what position you should take? Is that what you want? I get to pick the position?"
"Yes," Kymberly said.
"O.K." he said. He didn't need further convincing. He took the phone from her hand.
They stood and looked at each other.
"Go ahead and tell me what position you want me to take, and take a picture of me," Kymberly said.
"Um. O.K. Put your hands on your hips and smile at me."
Kymberly did as the porter asked, and she pushed her hip to one side. She spread her legs out just a little. She gave the porter a big smile. Striking this pose, she fully exposed herself, but not in a lewd way.
Robert liked taking photos of Kymberly, so she had become accustomed to posing nude for him. But until now she had never posed nude for any other man. It was thrilling but strange, especially because her husband had arranged it.
The porter took the photo of her.
"Wow. That's great. O.K. How about if you turn around. Now look over your shoulder back at the camera. That's great."
Kymberly turned her butt-side to him. She pushed her butt back toward him, just a little. She wondered how much she was showing between her legs. She looked back over her shoulder at the awe-struck porter and smiled at him.
Snap. Another photo.
She stood with her back to the porter, waiting for his next instruction. She could tell from his hesitation that he wasn't sure what to tell her to do next. His eyes settled low on her butt, and she guessed that she was showing something between her parted legs.
"Um," he said. "Could you . . . could you sit in that chair?" he asked her.
She turned around, facing him, knowing that she put her breasts and her shaved pussy on display. She pointed to the chair next to the desk.
"This one?" she asked.
"Yeah, that one," he said.
She sat down in the chair.
"How do you want me to pose?" she asked.
The porter was nervous and obviously did not know what to say or how far he could instruct her.
"Ahhh . . . sit back in the chair. Put your hands, um, behind your head. And . . . open your legs a little bit."
Kymberly did as he asked. She posed as he instructed and looked straight into his eyes. He took the third photo of her.
Kymberly's embarrassment was fading quickly. She enjoyed sitting nude and exposed for the porter. Twisting and posing her naked body for him sent delicious chills through her.
"You have two more," she said to him. "How would you like me to pose?"
Kymberly felt herself getting more comfortable as she watched how nervous the porter was.
"Ah . . . I get to choose how you pose, right?" he asked.
"I'll pose however you want me to," she said to him, without taking her eyes off his.
"You're sure?" he asked her. "I get to pick the pose?"
"You get to the pick the pose," she replied.
"O.K. then. Umm. Then, uh, scoot forward in the chair a little. Like that. And put your legs up. In the air, and then spread your legs apart."
"You want my legs in a spread-eagle position?" she asked him.
"Yeah . . . yeah . . . that's right."
As nervous and embarrassed as Kymberly was -- or had been -- the porter obviously was even more so. She thought she saw his hands shake as they clutched the phone.
She did what he asked. She held her thin, sculpted legs high in the air, spread apart, in the shape of a V. She knew that the porter could see everything between her legs now. Inside her a voice told her she shouldn't be doing this, that she should feel ashamed and mortified, but whatever embarrassment she felt was outweighed by the thrill running through her body, and the desire to keep playing her husband's game. She felt excited and aroused. She knew the porter could see both her open vulva, waxed and smooth and completely bare, and her asshole, too.
"Is this what you want?" she asked him.
"Yes. But, uh, one more thing. Could you . . . could you put your hands under your butt . . . on either side like that . . . yes, like that . . . and . . . uhhh . . . could you pull . . . could you pull your pussy open?"
Kymberly reached her hands down on either side of her butt cheeks and, using her fingers, pulled her labia apart. She didn't look down at what she was doing. She kept looking into the porter's eyes.
"Like this?" she asked him.
"Yes," he said, but he didn't take the picture right away.
"I think you should go ahead and take the photo," she said. But even as she spoke, she began running the forefinger of her right hand up and down slowly and just inside the inner right lip of her pussy. She could feel the moisture under her fingertip; she was becoming more aroused and growing moister with every minute. While she traced her finger along her moist slit, up and down, up and down, she did not take her eyes off the porter's eyes. His concentration obviously was shaken. Though he held the phone up near his face, his eyes were fixed on the movement of her finger on her pussy. He seemed to have forgotten he was holding the phone.
"Do you like that?" she asked him. She tried to make the question sound sweet and innocent rather than lascivious.
"Yes. You are . . . so beautiful," he said.
"My pussy likes being looked at," she said.
She gave him a little more time to enjoy looking at it and then spoke up again.
"My pussy wants to have its picture taken," she said.
He came to, shaking his head a little.
"Sure, sure, sorry," he said.
Snap.
After he took the photo, the porter kept staring at Kymberly in that position, with her legs spread wide and her pussy open to him. Kymberly had to prompt him again. She stayed in the same position, not moving. She kept moving her finger lightly over and just inside the lip of her pussy, opening it and exposing it a little more even as she kept tracing the finger up and down.
"What pose do you want me to do next?" she asked. "It's your last one. Better make it good."
"O.K.," he said. "Could you turn around in the chair, and put your arms on the back of the chair . . . like that, and spread your legs a little . . . and scoot your butt out a little more. Like that. Tilt your butt up to me a little more. Like that. That's good. Now look over your shoulder back toward me."
It wasn't an easy pose in the little chair, but Kymberly did her best. She spread her legs as wide as she could in the small chair, and she tilted her butt up toward the porter. She knew everything between her legs was on display for him.
"Like that?" she asked him as she looked back over her shoulder toward him.
"Yeah, just like that," he said, his voice quavering. "One more thing. Could you reach your hand back, and put it on your butt, and . . . uh . . . pull your butt cheek to the side so I can see your . . . uh . . .."
"My pussy?" she asked.
"Yeah, your pussy. Pull your butt cheek to the side so I can see your pussy better."
She did so. She knew that in this position, and particularly with the cheeks of her butt spread apart, her pussy was fully on display, wet and open, and every detail of her asshole would be on view to him as well. It excited her to be so fully revealed, and she let out a sigh of pleasure that she knew he could hear.
Once again, he didn't take the photo right away. It was his last one and she knew he'd want to drag out the scene and enjoy it as long as he could. She let him. She held herself wide open for him and started wiggling her butt slowly from side to side.
She didn't rush him, and it must have taken at least another minute before she heard the click of the phone camera. But, finally, she heard it.
He'd taken the last photo.
She stood up from the chair and approached him with her hand out, beckoning for the phone. Her firm, naked breasts were no more than a foot from his chest.
"May I have my phone, please?" she asked him, sweetly.
"Can I send one of these photos to myself?" he asked.
"I'm sorry, but no," she said. "You'll have to settle on memories."
"They'll be nice memories," he said to her as he handed over the phone.
She took the phone and then turned around faced the desk, where her purse lay. She bent over, keeping her legs straight, to give him another clear view of her ass and what lay between the cheeks of her ass, and she pulled cash out of her purse to pay him a tip. It was a big tip.
"This is just between us," she told him.
"Just between us, ma'am," he said. Then he turned around and left the room.
She closed the door, turned around, and pressed her hands against it behind her.
"Oh, my God," Kymberly thought when he was gone. "I can't believe I just did that."
She collapsed on the bed and lay on it, scarcely believing what she had just done.
She held the phone over her and texted Robert.
"He's done, and he's gone now."
"Send me the photos," he texted back.
She sent them to him, one by one. He didn't reply until a minute had passed since she had sent the last one.
"Wow, baby," he texted. "You look fantastic. You put on quite a show."
"I can't believe I did that. Did you tell him what poses to have me take?"
"No, I didn't. He didn't know anything. You and he bear total responsibility for the photos."
"How do you feel?" he added.
She had to think about that before replying.
"I'm in shock about what you made me do. You made me show off my body to almost the entire hotel, and then you had me get spread-eagled and naked in front of the porter!!!" she texted to him.
"I didn't make you do anything, baby," he replied. "I asked you to play a game and you chose to play. Every step you've taken in the game is a step you chose to take.
"You like the feeling, don't you? Admit it." He added.
"I'm embarrassed but I kind of like it," she replied.
"Are you aroused?" he texted.
She didn't have to think about that. She knew the answer.
"Yes, I am," she replied.
"Touch yourself, and take a photo of yourself being touched, and send it to me," he texted.
"You are a very kinky husband," she replied. But she did as he asked. She put her left hand down between her legs, using her fingers lightly to mash and spread apart her damp lips. With her right hand, she held the phone out and snapped a photo of herself. Then she sent it, not stopping the rubbing down between her legs.
He didn't reply right away, so she lay on the bed longer, naked, legs apart, gently caressing herself and letting her thoughts drift. Then she texted her husband again.
"I'm going to have to get ready for the evening mixer and the dinner soon. I assume we are done for the evening?" She looked at the phone and waited for his reply.
"Oh no, baby," he texted back. "We've just gotten started. I have lots of plans for you."
"Lots of plans?" She thought. "What? What more could he have planned after that last episode with the porter?"
It was beginning to dawn on Kymberly that when she had agreed to play Robert's games for the weekend, she had had no idea what she was getting into.
To be continued . . .