I have several routes delivering free community newspapers that I run a few days a week. This allows me plenty of time to act and write, and it's pretty good money too, so it works out well all the way around. I have a particular fast food restaurant that I frequently dine at because I can get lunch at 5:00 AM, so I've gotten to know one of the cashiers fairly well.
Her name is Vicki and she's kind of cute; probably 23 or so, with post-shoulder length sandy blonde hair and B or small C cup-sized tits, but there is something a little odd about her. For example, she shuffles along with very quick, short steps like Peg Bundy used to do on "Married With Children," and one morning I came in wearing nothing but a 3D cat T shirt as I do every day of the year, except that on that particular morning it was only 12 degrees outside. Now even though I drive around with the window rolled down, as long as I have the heat blasting on me, I'm fine. Well, that particular morning, Vicki looked at me and asked, "aren't you cold?" I held my arm out and replied, "do I feel cold?"
She touched my arm and looked very surprised.
"No!" she exclaimed. "You're nice and warm!"
So as you can see, she wasn't too bright. I figured she might be slightly autistic, so I didn't joke with her like that again. One morning a few months later, I stopped in and greeted her as usual. She looked at my shirt and asked me if I liked cats, and that is where the story picks up.
"Hi Vicki!" I greeted her enthusiastically.
"Hello Jack." she replied quietly.
I placed my order and she looked at my shirt.
"Do you like cats?" she inquired shyly. "I see you wearing those cat shirts all the time."
I nodded.
"Yes. I have five right now, but I usually have around seven. I think I've had close to eighty over the years though."
Vicki's eyes widened.
"Eighty, wow!" she exclaimed. "That's a lot. I have a cat named Stella. She's a sweetie. She got out a couple months ago and got pregnant. She had kittens about six weeks ago. I have Asperger's, and having a cat helps keep me calm, since I don't have a boyfriend."
"Oh okay." I resounded. "That makes sense."
At least now, I understood what was wrong with her. She had autism as I suspected, but she was also highly functioning, which was encouraging.
Vicki suddenly smiled.
"Would you like to see them?" she asked brightly.
I was a little taken aback by the question, as I was essentially a stranger, but then again if she was autistic, it probably didn't dawn on her that inviting a stranger home might be dangerous.
"I only live about a mile away." she continued. "My shift ends in ten minutes, so by the time you're finished eating, I'll be ready to go if you'd like to follow me home and see the kittens."
It seemed harmless enough, so I agreed. Fifteen minutes later, I was parking alongside her at her apartment building. We took the outdoor stairs up to the fifth floor and she unlocked the door to her apartment.
"This is nice." I observed as she closed the door behind us.
"I get disability and a reduced rent because of my condition." she explained. "So with working part time, it gives me enough to live on my own and not have to stay with my parents or anything."
"That's great!" I said with a smile. "It makes you more independent."
Vicki nodded.
"Yep. I kind of like being alone though. That way I don't bother anyone, except Stella. Oh, speaking of Stella, there she is."
She pointed to a cardboard box tucked into a corner of the living room. In it were nestled a gray tabby mama cat and five assorted kittens, including a large tabby and white male. He was obviously the first born.
"This is Stella." Vicki explained, pointing to the mother. "The big guy is Merv, and this is Zoe, Chloe, Lenny and Bruce."
"Aww," I said, as I knelt down and gave Stella a nice petting, "they're all so cute. Hello, Stella."
"You can play with them if you'd like." Vicki said. "I'm going to go take my clothes off. I'll be right back, okay?"
"Okay." I replied, not paying any particular attention to her wording.
I figured it was her way of saying she was going to change her clothes; take off her uniform and put on something more comfortable. She was putting on something more comfortable all right! A few minutes later, I heard her shuffling along the carpet as she returned. I was busy tickling Merv, so I didn't look up right away.
"I'm back." Vicki said. "God, I hate having to wear that uniform!"
I looked up and almost lost my breath. She was completely nude and playing with herself! My eyes bugged out of my head as I stared at her unclothed body. She was cute in her uniform, but without it, she was beyond words. Her tits looked closer to Cs, and they were firm! They stuck out from her chest like a set of twin pyramids.
"I don't like wearing clothes." Vicki explained. "I like to be nude and I like masturbating. I hope you don't mind."
"Um, uh- not at all." I stammered, as she sat on the couch and spread her legs, circling her fingers over her clit.
"It just feels so good." Vicki sighed. "I just love to cum."
"Me too." I responded.
My cock was as hard as it could be, and desperately wanted to be freed from my jeans.
"Would you like to take your clothes off and masturbate with me then?" Vicki inquired innocently. "Maybe we could cum together. I'd love to see your dick squirting while I cum. It would be so hot!"
"You're okay with that?" I asked incredulously.
"Of course." she replied. "We were all born naked. If something feels good, keep doing it, right? Please take your clothes off and masturbate with me. Let's feel good together. It'll be fun, Jack."
Vicki continued to rub her fingers over her clit. She looked at me and smiled.
"Take your clothes off." she whispered. "It's okay. Jerk off in front of me. I want to see you cum. I want to see it squirt."
I'll have to admit that I was a little taken aback, not to mention a little concerned about her state of mind. Was this really going to be a Penthouse Letters moment, or was I about to get myself into a situation that I was going to regret later on?
"Please Jack?" Vicki implored. "I really like you."
"I like you too." I replied. "I just wasn't expecting this when I came here."
"I'm sorry." she apologized. "I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable. Do you want to leave then?"
"No." I said with a smile. "No I don't."
I pulled my shirt off and slipped out of my sneakers. I then took a deep breath and pulled my jeans and underwear off.
"Mmm, you look hot!" Vicki exclaimed, as she continued rubbing herself. "Let me see your dick."
I stepped in and she took it in her other hand, pulling and tugging on it. It felt wonderful, and I really didn't want her to stop.
"That feels nice." I whispered. "You're going to make me cum."
"I'm ready to cum too!" Vicki asserted. "Tell me when you're going to squirt, so I can take it in my mouth. I want to taste your cum! I hope it tastes so good!"
"It feels so good too!" I blurted out. "Oh shit, here it comes!"
I reached out and grabbed both of Vicki's firm, smallish tits, giving them a thorough squeezing as I erupted in a powerful orgasm. My dick squirted directly into her open mouth and she took it all, swallowing every last drop.
"Oh my God!" I gasped. "That felt so good!"
Vicki leaned in and took my dick in her mouth, clamping her lips firmly around it and sucking it hard, as she grunted in orgasmic pleasure. She bucked a few times and then relaxed, releasing the suction on my dick. She looked at me and smiled.
"That was nice, wasn't it?" she inquired innocently.
I was still struggling to catch my breath and nodded.
"Yes, yes it was!" I agreed. "You did that very well."
"Thank you." she said with a pleased tone to her voice. "I've never done that before."
"Never?"
"Nope. That was the first time. I hope I did okay."
"You did great!" I asserted. "You can do that to me any time you like."
"Really?" she inquired brightly. "That's good, because I really like the way your cum tasted. I'd love to taste it again."
"I'd love for you to do that again," I informed her, "but I'd like to teach you another way too. I'd love to teach you how to suck my penis and make me cum in your mouth. Would you like that?"
"Oh yes!" she exclaimed, nodding her head vigorously. "Would you teach me how to have sex too?"
"Yes, if you'd like."
"That's great!" Vicki responded. "You can teach me how to have sex and suck your dick, and I can do it all the time with you if you want."
She seemed to be struggling with her words as she continued.
"Would... would you like to... would you be my boyfriend?" she finally blurted out.
Needless to say, I was once again taken aback by her actions. I was definitely not expecting this when I stopped in for a chicken sandwich and fries. She was cute and all - and even better - she swallowed, but I wasn't necessarily looking for a girlfriend, especially one that was slightly challenged. Better me though, than some punk-ass wannabe gangster that might take advantage of her and never see her again, except to pick up part of her Welfare check every month.
"I'll tell you what." I suggested carefully. "Why don't we try dating for a few weeks and see how it goes? If we both feel like it's going somewhere, then we can make that decision, okay?"
Vicki smiled broadly and threw her arms around my neck.
"Okay Jack!" she said happily. "Would you like to go to the park with me?"
"Okay." I replied. "We can take my car. We'll have to get dressed first, though."
"I know that, Silly." she laughed. "I can't go there nude."
"No, but this is a top-free state."
"What does that mean?" she inquired.
"It means you don't have to wear a top in public, at least in this state. Quite a few others too. Anywhere I can go without a shirt, so can you. If it says, 'no shirt, no shoes, no service,' then you need to put your top on to be there, like a restaurant. No sign, no shirt needed."
Vicki's eyes grew wide.
"For real?"
"Yup. Wanna try it?"
"You bet!" she responded enthusiastically. "Let's go!"
"I'll bet you'd look great in a pair of cutoffs and sneakers." I suggested.
"Okay!" she agreed eagerly. "I have a pair of black hightop Keds. Would that be okay?"
"It would." I replied. "Why don't you come here first, and let me squeeze your tits again. They're so firm, I'd love to squeeze them."
"I love to have my titties squeezed." Vicki said dreamily."It felt so nice when you were squeezing them before. Will you squeeze them in the park?"
"Only if no one's around." I cautioned. "That might be considered a lewd act, and we could get in trouble."
Vicki looked disappointed.
"Okay," she acknowledged, "but if we're alone, I want you to squeeze and suck on them, okay?"
"Okay." I replied.
What a girl!
A short time later, we arrived at the park. Vicki exited my car topless and looked around. There were a few people there, but so far no one seemed to notice she wasn't wearing a top. Yet. It would be interesting to see their reactions once they did. Would they accept it, or would someone call the police? We would find out though, I supposed.
Vicki had brought along a Frisbee, and we fanned out in one of the empty soccer fields to throw it back and forth. I soon became hot and pulled my t shirt off, casting it to one side. After thirty minutes or so, I began to realize that we were getting an audience. So people were noticing!
After another fifteen minutes or so, Vicki signaled she was coming back. She was slightly out of breath, but grinning widely.
"So fun!" she exclaimed. "I'm thirsty though."
"I have some water in the car." I said casually. "You can get a drink. Would you like to go for ice cream?"
"Oh yes! I'd love a hot caramel sundae." she said excitedly. "Oh Jack, I'm having so much fun!"
"Me too."
I was actually surprised at how much fun I was having. I'd forgotten what it was like to go on dates and do fun things with girls. I was really getting back into it. As we headed for the car, a police cruiser pulled up and parked a few spaces over. An officer exited the vehicle and approached us.
"Are we in trouble?" Vicki asked worriedly.
"Not at all." I responded cheerfully. "He knows the law. He just had to come out and check, that's all."
"Good afternoon." I greeted him politely.
He nodded in reply.
"Got a call about a topless female." he explained.
He looked at Vicki.
"That would be you, I take it."
"Yes it would." I responded, before she could say anything. "And there is nothing illegal about it."
"No there isn't." he agreed. "I just wanted to come out anyway and have a look."
I burst out laughing and he grinned. I reached my arm out, and we fist bumped.
"Slow day?" I inquired."
"Yeah. Larceny from vehicle, a lost dog and this."
"Well, we're on our way to get some ice cream." I explained. "This is her first time being top-free, so she's kind of taking it all in. Take care."
"You too."
We got into my car and backed out of the space.
"I was scared." Vicki said. "I didn't know what was going to happen."
"Well as you can see, nothing can happen, unless you get a dimwit that doesn't know the law. Then, you have a whopping lawsuit to file if he does the wrong thing. It happened in New York a few years back. Some dipshit NYPD cop arrested a topless reporter. She got thirty thousand dollars from the city for his mistake too."
"Wow! I could sure use that!" Vicki chuckled.
I was really starting to like her.
We headed for the dairy bar and walked up to the window. The woman behind the wall didn't even pay Vicki the least bit of unwanted attention. We got our ice cream and sat down on a shaded bench to eat it.
"This is great! Vicki gushed. "I love being topless in public. It's such a turn on."
"It is for me too." I replied. "What say when we're finished, we go back to your place and I teach you something else?"
Vicki smiled.
"I'd really like that." she said quietly. "I'm pretty horny from walking around without a shirt on. Too bad I can't go to work like this." she lamented.
"I'll bet you'd have all kinds of customers!" I said with a grin. "Imagine if you were a salesgirl, wow!"
A little while later, we were back in her apartment, and we immediately began removing our clothes. Once again, I went directly for her firm tits, and began massaging them in my hands, kneading them like small loaves of bread dough.
"God, that feels good!" Vicki whispered. "Squeeze them harder."
I continued for a few more minutes, before she gave another request.
"Please fuck me."
"Are you sure you're ready?" I asked cautiously."
She nodded vigorously.
"Yes! Yes! I want you to fuck me and teach me how to make love."
With that, I pressed my mouth against hers, and we began to kiss. After several minutes I took the next step.
"Where is your bedroom?"
"Follow me!" Vicki panted.
She led me down the hall and we fell onto the bed. I rolled her onto her back and instructed her to spread her legs. Vicki obliged, and I moved in.
"Guide me in." I commanded softly.
"How? Vicki asked quietly.
"Take it in your hand, and line it up with your cunt." I replied. "Then, I can slide it in if you're wet enough."
"I'm wet." whispered softly. "I am so wet. I want your cock in my cunt, and I want you to fuck me so hard."
She guided my cock to her cunt, and I gently pressed against her tight hole. To my delight, it slid all the way in on the first try; no backing in and out to lube. I sank my dick to the hilt and held it there for a second.
"Feel okay?" I asked gently "Any pain?"
"No, it feels good. It's tight, but it's nice. Go ahead and start fucking me."
I began sliding my cock in and out in a nice, steady rhythm.
"That feels nice." Vicki whispered. "So much better than my fingers. Oh, so much better."
She closed her eyes and smiled, as I continued to fuck her tight, virgin pussy. I had never taken anyone's virginity before, and I was doing my best to be gentle. Her cunt was so tight! It felt like the proverbial velvet glove, as I slid in and out. It wasn't long before I felt my orgasm building.
"I'm going to cum." I whispered. "Oh my god, I'm going to cum in your tight, little virgin cunt! Oh shit, Vicki! Oh shit, I'm cumming! I'm cumming..."
My voice trailed off as I ejaculated in her cunt. Spurt after spurt filled it, and she smiled lovingly at me; almost dreamily.
"I can feel it!" she whispered. "It's so warm. Oh Jack, this is so nice. Thank you so much for taking my virginity!"
"No, thank you." I whispered back. "Your cunt feels so nice. You made me feel so good. I'm sorry I came first though. Lay back and let me make you cum too."
"Okay." she agreed.
Vicki spread her legs, and I slid my fingers into her sopping wet cunt; fucking her with three fingers. After a few minutes, she started sighing, and I knew she was close. I leaned in and took her right breast in my mouth and began sucking it.
"That feels so good!" she gasped. "So good! Oh my god, I'm going to cum Jack! I'm going to cum! Oh, ohhhh!"
I could feel her vaginal muscles contract around my fingers, and warm fluid dribbled out all over my hand. Vicki lay there panting, as she recuperated from the contact we had just shared.
"This is the best thing that I have ever experienced." she stated quietly. "You were so sweet and gentle with me. It was like my daddy was doing it with me. I want to be with you and make you so happy."
It was at this point where I came to the realization that I had a very loyal girl laying next to me if I wanted her. She was sweet, she was cute, and she was very naive. Someone was going to get her at some point anyway, so why not me?
"I want to be with you too." I said quietly. "And I want to make you happy too."
Vicki smiled lovingly at me.
"Does that mean you'll be my boyfriend then?"
I smiled back at her, and beeped her affectionately on the end of her nose with my index finger.
"Yes Vicki. Yes it does."