"Ugh! That girl is such a skank!" Diana shouted as she pushed open the heavy door for the girls bathroom, her squad trailing behind.
The other cheerleaders nodded emphatically.
"Totally."
"Yeah, such a skank."
"Forget about Mel. She's not worth your time, Di."
"I just don't understand why she would say that, Diana huffed. "Like she would know anyway. Nobody would ever fuck her."
Another round of emphatic nods.
"Ew, yeah, she's gross."
"Right?! Her snatch probably fucking stinks. Maybe that's why they call her Smelly Melly."
Diana tossed her bag in the sink and leaned into the mirror, preening her short, curly blonde hair. As the other cheerleaders opened the window and took out their vapes, Diana reapplied pink lip gloss over her full, pouty lips. She was often told her lips were her best feature, especially by her boyfriend when she was sucking his cock.
"Didn't you used to be friends with her, like, forever ago?" one of the cheerleaders asked.
"Don't fucking remind me." Diana checked her straight, shiny teeth in the mirror and shoved her lip gloss back in her bag.
Everyone knew that Diana and Melanie used to be friends when they were kids. They grew up next door to each other and friendships are based on proximity when you're 5. Until freshman year of high school, they were inseparable.
Melanie didn't know exactly what happened between them, but as soon as Diana got tits, she went boy crazy and no longer had time for Melanie. Melanie was not only devastated to lose her friend, but it was even worse when Diana became popular and Melanie embraced the punk kids. Diana and her friends would bully Melanie and her friends relentlessly.
"So are you hanging out with Joey this weekend, Di?"
Joey was Diana's boyfriend and a freshman at the same college Diana planned to attend in the fall. They had just started dating 2 months ago, having met at Diana's 18th birthday party. He was a friend of a friend that was brought as a plus one to her lavish party.
"I plan to. He's coming home and I'm going to fuck his brains out as usual. He's so fucking good at it. Trust me."
The squad giggled as they gushed over Diana, enraptured by her every word. They all wished they were her and had a hot college boyfriend too.
Little did they know, the sex sucked. Joey was gorgeous and popular and literally every cheerleader wanted to fuck him, but he had not made Diana orgasm once. She gave him a blow job almost every time they hung out, including on her birthday, and she would swallow his cum, then he would kiss her forehead and tell her how hot she was before he left.
Melanie knew, though. Not because Diana had told her; that would never happen. Melanie would watch them from her bedroom window, which had a clear view into Diana's. Joey would bend Diana over her pink frilly comforter and hammer into her as Diana would rub her own clit. Joey always finished before Diana could make herself cum. After Joey left, Mel would watch Diana lay on her bed and work her fingers around her freshly fucked pussy until she finally got her release.
Diana loved to boast about all the hot sex she was having, and earlier that day Mel had overheard her say that he made her cum 3 times in one night. Mel was fed up with the bullshit. Diana had cum 3 times in one night, but it was from her own fingers. Mel saw all 3 of them.
As Diana and her squad walked by Mel and her friends, Mel shouted, "You made yourself cum, Mel. Joey never satisfies you, does he?"
Diana's head whipped around so fast, her blonde curls bounced violently as she glared at Mel. "Shut the fuck up, creep!"
Diana had made a move like she was going to punch Mel, but the dutiful cheerleaders whisked her away into the nearest girls room.
After school Friday, Mel hit the skatepark with her friends and got home late. Diana's light was off so she assumed she was out with the cheerleaders or Joey.
Mel tossed her overstuffed backpack onto her black sheets and sat at her desk, turning on her computer. She untied then tugged off her black combat boots and torn up black jeans. In only her oversized Misfits hoodie and black thong panties, she flipped through old photos of her and Diana at their joint kids birthday parties. Mel's birthday was 2 weeks before Diana's and the girls had always had a party together when they were friends. Mel had watched Diana's 18th birthday party in darkness from her upstairs bedroom window.
Diana had taken Joey behind the pool house that night, which Mel couldn't see from her window so she sat in the dark of her room and waited for them to return. Joey had come around the corner first, zipping his fly, with Diana wiping her mouth and fixing her hair as she scampered after him. Mel had wanted to throw up. Joey was clearly only using Diana as a cum dumpster and it pissed Mel off.
After an hour or so of flipping through memories. Mel noticed Diana's bedroom light turn on, so she turned hers off and pulled her desk chair to the window.
Diana was sitting on the bed, stroking Joey's hard cock. Joey was talking but Mel had no idea what he was saying, only that he seemed mad. Joey repeatedly rolled his eyes in annoyance as Mel changed the tempo of her stroking then put him in her mouth. Joey grabbed onto her soft, blonde curls and started thrusting his cock into Mel's mouth.
Joey watched himself fuck Diana's mouth and Mel could make out words like "Yeah baby" and "Suck it". Diana pulled off of him and started stroking his cock again, looking up at him with pleading eyes. They argued a little longer, then Joey pulled his pants up and left.
Diana ran after him and Mel saw them both leave the front door and heard Diana's in a loud whisper pleading for him to come back. They talked for a few minutes by his car, then both he and Diana got in the backseat.
It was too dark for Mel to see them, so she just waited, checking the time on her phone. After 10 minutes, they emerged from the back seat. Diana's hair was disheveled and Joey was cool and calm, not a hair out of place. Diana walked slowly to the house, her arms wrapped around her, as Joey sped away.
Mel was tired of it. She unlocked her phone and dialed Diana's parents landline, hoping it was still in service.
"What the fuck do you want?" Diana snapped into the phone. They obviously still used their caller ID.
"I can see everything, Diana. You're really pathetic, you know that? Did you ask him to make you cum this time?"
Mel watched Diana go back into her room and close the door, the same old cordless phone on her ear.
"Fuck off," Diana said, shoving her middle finger into the window as she looked up into Mel's bedroom.
"Did you ask him?" Mel asked again, undeterred.
Diana sighed, then sat on the edge of her bed. "Of course I fucking asked him. He said it wasn't his fault if I couldn't cum when he fucked me."
"HA!" Mel screamed into the phone. "He's a fucking prick, Di. Dump him."
"He just fucking dumped me anyway. After I swallowed his whole fucking load, of course."
They fell into an easy conversation, like no time had passed and they were best friends again. Diana called Mel back from her cell so Mel would have her number and they could put in their ear buds. Before they knew it, it was almost 2 am. They stayed on the phone as they brushed their teeth then waved good night through their windows before shutting off their lights and climbing into their beds, the conversation still flowing.
"So, are you going to make yourself cum tonight?" Mel asked, braiding her thick, black hair as she sat on her bed. The visual of her old friend masturbating in her room was turning Mel on.
Diana sighed then giggled. "You're such a creep, Mel. I can't believe you watched me." In her bed, Diana pushed her short nightgown up over her large tits and circled her fingers around her now erect nipples.
Mel heard the rustling of Diana's clothes and sheets then the change in her breath. Mel slipped her own finger under her panties and teased her clit. "You like me watching you, don't lie."
"I guess I'm the creep then?" Diana asked, her voice sultry.
"We can be creeps together, Di. You know I won't tell anyone." Mel laid back and spread her legs, inserting one finger into her wet pussy.
Diana's breath quickened. "I won't either. God, I am so fucking horny."
"Me too. I'm fingering myself right now."
"Oh fuck, why is that so hot?" Diana moaned into the phone.
"I'm so fucking wet, Di. I've seen you cum so many times, but now I want to know what you sound like when you cum."
Diana purred, moving her pink g-string aside and pushing 2 fingers inside her pussy as her friend spoke.
"Ok, ok......oh fuck......my parents are home.......I can't be too loud......."
"There's a lot of rustling. Can you fix it so I can hear you better?"
Diana rested the phone between her exposed large, round tits and took the large pillow out from behind her head. "How's that?" she whispered quietly.
"Fucking perfect." Mel removed her thong and slid her free hand under her oversized t-shirt, massaging her tits. They were smaller than Diana's but still a little large on her tall, thin frame.
"Are you fingering yourself, Di?" Mel groaned as she circled 2 fingers vigorously around her clit.
"Mmm hmmmm.......yeah.......fuck.......I'm not going to last......."
"Tell me what your pussy feels like." Mel was ready to explode herself. She had never thought of her friend like this before but was the most turned on she had ever been.
"It's so wet and warm.......oh fuck........yes........yes.........FUCK.......I'm gonna cum, Mel.........UH UH UH UH......YES, OH YES...........oh.....oh......fuck.........I'm cumming ......FUCK!!!"
"Holy shit, Di. That was so fucking hot." Mel rubbed herself harder, her orgasm imminent.
"Now you, Mel. What does your pussy feel like?"
Mel slipped her finger back in, releasing her tit to rub her clit. "I'm so tight......just one finger.............oh god, oh god, oh god..........UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
Mel and Di panted together, collecting their breath in unison.
"Wow, Mel. That orgasm was incredible."
Melanie chuckled, turning to her side. "Which one? Mine or yours?"
They both laughed and chatted for a few more minutes before sleep took over. They promised to keep being secret friends, which was perfectly fine with Mel, then ended the call.
They didn't see each other much over the weekend, but Sunday night they had another phone masturbation session and stayed up until midnight talking. They would see each other the next day but they both knew nothing would change when they were at school.
On Monday, they avoided each other. Mel didn't want her punk friends to know she was friendly with Diana again since they all hated her guts and mocked Diana behind her back. Likewise, Diana could never tell her popular perfect cheerleader friends that she was having phone sex with the quiet, creepy girl next door.
On Thursday night, they made their call with the lights on. First Mel watched Diana masturbate on her bed, her tan pussy spread wide open for Mel to see, her pink cotton nightgown still covering her ample chest. Mel could not believe how turned on she was watching her friend's pussy. She had seen naked women in porn videos that she had watched and laughed at with some of her friends, but never in real life. She started to wonder what it would feel like, and what Diana would taste like.
She watched Diana fuck her fingers until her legs clamped shut and her back arched up. Her nightgown slid up a little and Mel saw the naked swell of her large, round breasts sitting firmly above her flat, tan belly. She longed to see her friend's gorgeous, athletic body fully nude. Looking at Diana, Mel felt self conscious about her own lanky body.
Diana sat up on her bed and fixed her ear buds. "You're turn, Melly," she teased.
"Ok, but I'm keeping my shirt on."
Diana shrugged, then bent to pick up her underwear. She slid them up her toned legs as she walked to the window. "Suit yourself. Just show me your pussy. It's only fair since you saw mine."
Mel rolled her eyes then slid off her thong. Her dads worn out Led Zeppelin t-shirt hung off her thin shoulder as she moved the desk chair closer to the window and sat down. She spread her legs and started rubbing her clit.
"Whoa, did my pussy look that good?" Diana asked, turning off her light to have a better view.
"Oh my god, no way. Yours is so much sexier than mine."
Diana giggled into the phone. "I am not sure that is possible. You look really good, Mel," she said, her tone soft and serious.
"Oh god, stop. It's turning me on."
"I'm pretty sure that your hands are turning you on. Look at them go!"
Mel spread her pussy lips with one hand and pressed her other hand into her folds, then slid a finger inside her.
"Fuck, Mel. I might have to cum again. This is so fucking hot."
"Go ahead, Di. Your pussy is so pretty. I wouldn't mind seeing it again."
Diana slid off her panties again then propped one foot on the window sill. She gently teased her clit as she watched Mel.
"You really think my pussy is pretty? Joey never talked like that."
"It's so fucking pretty, Di. I love that sexy strip of hair you have."
Diana stroked the rectangular patch of dark blond pubic hair on her mound. "Aw, thanks, Mel. I started waxing it when I met Joey. You don't look like you have much hair either, though it's hard to tell from over here."
"I keep it shaved. I like being smooth." Mel moved her hand to give Diana a better view.
Diana smiled. "Now that's sexy." Diana watched Mel stroke her smooth cunt then slip a finger back in. "Can you put another finger in, Mel?"
"I can try......I've never done that before." Mel pressed another finger in slowly, gasping as she felt the stretch and her tightness surround her.
"WOW......fucking hot, Mel......."
Mel writhed against her 2 fingers, her other hand now rubbing her clit. In a few short moments, she was cumming quietly on her hand.
"Fuuuuuuuuuck......" Mel whispered.
Her friend's orgasm sent Diana over the edge and she held onto the wall as she came, breathing heavily but being careful not to wake her sleeping parents.
When they were done, they shut off their lights and climbed into their beds, chatting until they could no longer keep their eyes open.
Diana had a cheer competition over the weekend so they didn't see or talk to each other until the next Monday in school.
At lunch, Diana's eyes kept darting over to Mel who was sitting on the grass watching her friends skateboard. Diana picked up her phone and sent Mel a text.
"Can we chat later? I need to talk to you about something."
Mel looked up at Diana when she saw the message on her phone, but Diana had turned her back.
Mel replied. "Like, face to face? Here?"
"Don't be an ass. Meet me under the bleachers before practice. 3pm."
"Fine. This better be good."
Mel was familiar with which spot under the bleachers Diana meant. She would hang out there with her friends and get high because it was mostly hidden from the field by some large equipment.
When Mel arrived and ducked under the metal bleachers, Diana was already there in her short blue uniform skirt and a white zip up hoodie. She was sitting on a folding table that she or someone else must have pulled from the stack. Her toned legs were crossed and dangling off the edge, the toe of her white sneakers barely grazing the grass.
"What the fuck are you wearing today?" Diana sneered.
"Seriously, Di? You asked me to come here to ask what I am wearing?" Instead of her usual black jeans and oversized sweatshirt, she had worn red leggings, a white crop tank and an open flannel shirt. She still had on her combat boots, but she was showing more skin than usual. Her flat, pale abdomen and the swell of her 32C tits were more than anyone had ever seen from her.
Diana rolled her eyes. "Sorry, no. I'm just in a bad fucking mood."
Mel opened a folding chair and sat down in front of her friend. "Are you going to tell me why?"
Diana sighed, crossing her arms over her chest. "I saw Joey last night."
"You've got to be kidding me. Did you suck his cock?"
"No! God, you're such a bitch sometimes."
"Fuck you. What happened then?" Mel sat back in the chair, matching her friend's pose as she folded her arms across her chest.
Diana relaxed her arms and held on to the edge of the table. "Nothing happened. I just saw him. We didn't even talk."
"And....? I am having a really hard time understanding why you asked me here."
The football players had started gathering on the field. They could hear the shouting and whistle blowing but thankfully remained hidden from sight.
Diana scrunched up her pretty face, her blue eyes opened wide. She sighed again. "I, um, well....."
"Spit it out, Di."
"I just really wanted to talk to you. To see you. I missed talking to you this weekend."
Mel's lips curled into a smile. She ran her fingers through her straight, black hair. "So, seeing Joey made you miss me? Is that what you are trying to say?"
Diana brought her hands up and covered her face. "Oh god, this is so awkward."
Mel laughed. "I'm still not so sure I understand."
Diana brought her hands down to her lap and began nervously wringing them together.
"Seeing Joey made me miss sex. Thinking of sex made me think of you and our......talks. Thinking of that made me really fucking horny."
Mel nodded her head slowly. "I see. Why didn't you just call me when you got home?"
"It was late and your light was off."
"You know I would have answered."
Diana's face relaxed and she smiled. "Yeah, I know. I'd pick up your call too, anytime."
They sat in silence for a few minutes until Mel spoke. "Sooooo......do you want to have one of our talks now?"
Diana scrunched up her face again. "Yeah.....I do."
"Do you want me to watch you masturbate?" Mel's pussy twinged at the thought of seeing Diana touch herself so close to her face.
"Would that be ok? I want you to touch yourself too."
Diana unzipped her hoodie, revealing only a lace bralette supporting her large breasts. She ran her hands up her breasts, squeezing them together.
"Oh, it's more than ok. You are really fucking hot, Di."
Diana squeaked. "Yay! I was really hoping you'd say that." She released her tits and lifted her skirt, showing Mel her bare pussy.
"Fuck, Di! No panties? God, that's sexy as hell."
Diana spread her legs and gently stroked her pussy. "Do you like it up close and personal?"
"It's so much better up close. You look......delicious."
Diana moaned and inserted one finger into her wet cunt. "Let me see your tits."
Mel pushed her crop top up and pulled her bra down, then pinched her small, pale brown nipples.
"Oh god, they're so cute. I like watching you touch them."
Mel giggled, sliding one hand into her leggings and stroking her slick pussy lips. "You only think they're 'cute' because they're smaller than yours."
"Everyone's tits are smaller than mine." With her free hand, Diana slid the cups of her bralette down and pulled out her 32DD breasts. They were round and soft, sitting perfectly centered on her narrow chest. Her hard, pink nipples pointed slightly to the side.
"Oh my god, Diana. Your tits are fucking perfect." Mel continued to rub her clit vigorously as Diana worked 2 fingers in her pussy.
"Fuck, Mel, I don't want to cum yet. This is too much fun."
Mel, enraptured by the moment, leaned forward and placed a hand on Diana's knee, bringing her face closer.
"Oh my god, I almost just came from you touching my leg."
"Do you want me to move it?"
"Fuck no.....no.......I like it......"
Mel slid off the chair and kneeled in the grass, her hand still in her pants. She moved her hand up higher on Diana's thigh, her long fingers now only a couple inches from Diana's working hand.
"This is so hot, Diana."
"Uhhhhhhhh......mmmmmmmm.....oh wow......." Diana pulled her fingers out of her pussy and put her hand on top of Mel's. "Will you make me cum?"
Mel was taken aback, but desperately wanted to touch her friend. Mel nodded slowly, then Diana guided her hand up her thigh and held it over her drenched pussy.
Mel ran her fingers along Diana's juicy folds, spreading her open as she explored. Diana leaned back on the table. "Mmmmm, that feels so good. Put your fingers in me."
Mel copied Diana and pushed 2 fingers into her pussy. She felt the soft, wet hole envelop her fingers as she pumped them in and out.
"Oh god........I fucking love you inside me, Mel......."
"Your pussy is so slippery, Di. It feels so fucking good."
"Yes.......so fucking good.......make me cum........."
Mel pulled her other hand out of her pants and brought it to Diana's clit, rubbing it as she finger fucked her friend.
"OH FUCK......yes........yes.......just like that.........I'm cumming.........fuck me......fuck me, Mel........yes............UHHHHHHHH"
Mel felt Diana's pussy hold onto her fingers as she came, her hot cum soaking Mel's hand.
Mel slowed down her hands then slid them away back to her lap and sat back down in the chair.
"THAT was the best orgasm I have ever fucking had." Mel closed her thighs and sat up fully, leaving her skirt pulled up.
"I really fucking enjoyed that, Di."
A devilish smile crossed Diana's full, glossy lips. "Your turn," she said, standing up. "Get up."
Mel was so turned on, her panties were drenched. She stood up in front of her friend, both of their tits still exposed. Diana held onto Mel's narrow hips as they switched sides.
Mel was a couple inches taller than Diana, and Diana's hard nipples grazed the underside of Mel's as they turned.
Diana slid her hands up from Mel's hips and tentatively touched one of Mel's breasts. "Is this ok?" she asked. Mel nodded as she watched Diana's small hand surround her tit.
Mel put her hands on Diana's shoulders. "That feels good."
Diana brought her other hand up and held onto Mel's other breast, rolling her nipples between her fingers.
"Oh fuck, that's nice."
"I like your tits, Mel. Your nipples are so much softer than mine."
Mel brought a hand down to Diana's nipple, rolling it around in her palm. "Oh wow, they're so big and hard."
Diana released one breast and slid her hand down Mel's flat stomach, pulling at the elastic waistband of Mel's leggings.
"May I?" Diana asked as her hand slowly slid further into Mel's pants.
"Please, yes, please, go ahead."
Diana's hand slipped down into Mel's smooth slit, quickly finding her small, soft clit and pressing her fingers around it as she circled her hand.
"Ohhh....fuck.....that's my clit......so sensitive........"
"Do you like that?"
"Mmmm hmmmmm yeah. I fucking love it. Don't stop."
Diana continued ardently rubbing Mel's clit as her other hand squeezed and pinched Mel's breast. Diana leaned in and flicked her tongue across Mel's hardening nipple.
"Oh yeah, suck my nipple.....I like that....."
Diana grinned and took Mel's nipple into her mouth, rolling it around on her tongue. "Mmmmmm, so soft." Diana sucked gently on her friend's tit as her fingers worked her clit.
"I'm gonna cum, Di........I'm gonna cum........"
"Mmmmmmmm hmmmmmmm" Diana released her nipple, circling her tongue around it. "Cum for me, Mel," she said softly
Mel's hips jerked back and forth with Diana's fingers as she grunted quietly through her orgasm.
"Fucking hell," Mel whispered as Diana stood up and pulled her fingers out of Mel's pants.
Diana slid her bralette back up while Mel covered her own tits and fixed the waistband of her leggings.
"Well, that was new. And so much fucking fun," Mel said, her amber green eyes sparkling.
They both busted out laughing, then hugged each other. Football practice was now in full swing and they could hear the cheerleaders gathering on the bleachers above them.
"I gotta go to practice." Diana pulled away to get her bag from under the table. She unzipped it and pulled out her underwear, then slipped them on as she leaned on the table.
"Why did you already have your underwear off, Di?" Mel asked suspiciously.
Diana removed her sweatshirt and pulled on the top of her cheerleader uniform. She smirked devilishly. "I was kind of hoping things turned out like this. I was really fucking horny."
Mel smiled, picking up her backpack and smoothing her long, black hair. "I see. I was just a pawn in your little game."
Diana reapplied her lip gloss then threw it back in her bag, zipping it up and throwing it over her shoulder.
Diana fluffed her blonde curls and winked at Mel. "Can I call you later?"
"Fuck yeah." Mel walked out from under the bleachers, heading left out of the field towards the parking lot to skateboard and smoke with her friends. Diana waited a few minutes then exited to the right, joining her cheer squad for practice.
Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this story, please rate and comment. What would you like to see happen next?