Readers:
Please keep in mind this is just the first story in a series of many featuring Annie and Matt, so it may start off a little slow.
This is also a world where STD's do not exist.
*****
It had been two years since Annie had had sex with a man. It wasn't that she didn't want to, she was perfectly willing, but after the horrible experience of losing her virginity (at a ripe 20 years old she might add) she was hesitant to trust a man to touch her there. Don't get her wrong, she loved going down on men and making them feel good, but once they started touching her no matter how badly her body told her she wanted it, she was just too nervous.
All of that changed with Matt. The first moment they met, when she was hired to be his assistant she could feel the electricity in the air, and between her legs. She had never wanted anyone so badly, and he seemed to prove the same reaction to Annie, however professional he was trying to be.
But today, Annie had a plan. She was going to seduce the man she was astounded by. How such a handsome and talented person was a free bachelor, was beyond her. She had been planning this for weeks. First, she went to a department store and not only bought the thinnest lace nighty complete with garter straps. She also got perfume in a scent that she knew he was fond of, and bought the brightest red lipstick.
She waited until the office was almost closed, and slipped into the women's restroom prepared to surprise him for all she had. She slipped into her new apparel, and covered it with a long trenchcoat, however cliche that might be. Then she strutted out in her new heels, relieved to see that nobody besides Matt was in the office. She walked into his office, uncaring that he was obviously on the telephone. She closed and locked the door as he turned towards her, his eyebrows raised, and he eyed her body up and down confused.
Annie leaned over and turned off the telephone, and hung it up. "There's something I've been meaning to show you." She said, huskily, as he got up from his chair and walked towards her.
His eyes on fire and his voice as deep as she had ever heard it he muttered "what?" suddenly she opened up her trenchcoat and dropped it to the floor.
She had never felt more vulnerable in her life, standing in front of the man she was sure she loved in something so raunchy, while her wetness threatened to bear through her thin g-string panties. But she hardly had time to worry about it before his mouth was on hers, and his hands were at her sides, grasping, begging for something to hold on to
He nipped lightly at her lip, and she moaned into his mouth, confused as to why her body was being so receptive. He swiped off his desk and while things clattered to the floor placed her on top of it. "I can't believe I'm going to do this" he said, not quite meaning to.
Annie just moaned and opened her legs, something she had only ever done once before. She thought that it would be fast, and one sided much like the sex she had already encountered, but she was wrong. He took his time, treasuring every part of her body. He started by kissing her mouth, and nibbling on her ear. He slowly moved down to her neck and then her breasts. She gasped as he brought a hard nipple into his mouth, and suckled like she had never felt before, tracing the outer rim with his tongue.
He moved to the other nipple slowly, while his other hand kept her other breast occupied. Then he kissed down her stomach until finally he was at her center, and she was trembling. Annie could feel the wetness dripping out of her, and was positive that even alone in her apartment with her magic rabbit she had never been this wet before. He slowly opened her legs and then her outer lips and ran his mouth over her clit, causing sensations she never thought she could feel. He started slowly licking her and teasing her with his mouth, eventually slipping in a finger, and then two. She was moaning, sure she was going to climax before he ever even entered her. She was literally shaking as he was pleasing her. Slowly he unbuttoned his pants, and dropped them to the floor.
"Jesus Christ," he moaned softly "look at what you do to me." he said as he grasped his erect penis in front of him.
He sure was thick and long, though he didn't quite reach the lengths she had seen in porn before. To her, though, it didn't matter as he moved to where she was laying and rubbed her outer lips with his pulsing member.
Finally, he pushed inside of her, breaking the only barrier left between them. She moaned as loud as she had ever heard her own voice and rocked against him, desperate for more. He started moving inside of her, pumping slowly, and then faster and faster. He was grunting and she was moaning, and it was awhile before she heard the knocking on the door and a man looking through the window. As Matt had still not noticed, Annie was refusing to let this moment end, so with an onlooker she continued the process, maybe even moaning a little bit louder, surprising even herself. Finally, she was on the brink of what she could already tell would be the most powerful orgasm of her life.
"Hold on" matt screamed, knowing that if her pussy clamped around him he would be over. She knew exactly what he was thinking, however.
"It's okay, I have a UTI." Matt thanked the Lord under his breath and began thrusting harder, making her entire body shake with the force of him. But she didn't seem to mind as her moans once again increased in volume, and she gripped the sides of the desk in pleasure.
"I'm cumming!" she screamed, as her pussy clamped down on his dick tighter than anything he had ever felt before. Jesus Christ, what was this girl doing to him? He had never had this good of sex in his entire life, and he pulled out of her when he finally released.
The only problem was that he stayed hard, something he had heard was an amazing quality, but rarely offered him any relief. This time was different, however, as he had just had the most mind blowing sex of his life and couldn't have any more if his existence depended on it.
"Holy shit" he mumbled into her ear, as he finally felt her quivering end. "We are doing that again."
Annie looked out the window to the man standing there, grabbing his own penis and winked. "Oh you can count on it." she replied.