Hanna stepped off the train. She had her luggage in hand, and her heart was fluttering madly in her chest. Where was he? Then she saw him. Tall, blonde, and tan, Jeremy looked exactly like the pictures he'd sent her. She had been quite sure he was the real deal, but you never really knew with online dating. She hoped he was equally pleased with her appearance. He stepped forward, smiling broadly.
"Hanna." It was almost a question, as if he wasn't quite sure.
"Jeremy," She smiled back at him, extending her hand for a shake and then immediately cursing herself for being too formal. That was no way to start their first weekend together! Jeremy ignored her hand, though and went in for hug.
"I can't believe you're finally here!" he squeezed her against his warm chest.
"I know, I know," said Hanna, her arms encircling his waist. "It's finally happening." They'd been trying to meet up for the last two months, but with his work, and her work, they'd been unable to coordinate schedules. Till now. "It's so good to see you in person. I was half afraid you wouldn't show."
"Are you kidding me? All the phone calls and the texts and the pictures, and you think I'd miss an opportunity to spend real time with you? You're crazy. Come on, let's get out of here." He picked up her bags for her and slipped his other arm across her shoulders, guiding her to the parking lot. It was a short drive to his house, made even shorter by their conversation. Jeremy pulled into his drive and Hanna admired his house. It was small but well-kept. He took her bags for her again and unlocked the front door, ushering her inside.
"Here we are, home sweet home." He swept his arm across the living room in an expansive gesture.
"It's lovely. Truly." Hanna honestly wouldn't have cared if it was a mess, she just wanted to stare into Jeremy's eyes for hours.
"And down here is your room for the weekend." Hanna pressed her lips together nervously. She'd asked for the spare room. Despite the hours of conversations she and Jeremy had had, this was sort of their first real date, and she didn't sleep with guys on the first date. Fortunately Jeremy had seemed fine with it, reassuring her that the only thing that mattered was her comfort. The rest, he'd said, could wait. She hoped he meant it. He placed her bags in her room and left her to 'settle in' as he put it, suggesting they meet in the living room in half an hour to go out for dinner.
Hanna looked around her room. Though it was minimal, it looked comfortable enough. There was a bed, an old one, by the looks of it, but a bed nevertheless, a chair, and a dresser. The walls were paneled halfway up with a dark wood, textured and knotty. She sat on the bed for a minute, taking everything in. She gazed ahead of her, excitedly thinking of the weekend stretching ahead of her with Jeremy, when her gaze alighted on something. One of the wood pieces making up the paneling appeared to have a round hole where a knot might have been at one point. It almost as if light were coming in through the hold, but it was hard to tell. She kneeled next to wall and pressed her eye to it, but still saw nothing. She shrugged it off, and began to unpack her clothes, trying to decide what to wear for dinner.
Hanna selected a short, flirty flower print sundress and hoped they weren't going anywhere too formal. She left her room and went to the living room to wait. Jeremy wasn't there yet. She began to wander around, acquainting herself with his house. The family pictures on the fireplace mantel she took as a sign that he must have a good relationship with his parents. She went back down the hall to her room, intending to grab her lipstick just in case she needed a touch up while they were out, but then she paused at the door of the room next to her. Jeremy hadn't included it in his brief tour, and she wondered what as inside. She opened the door and stepped in. It appeared to be his office, a desk piled high with papers and a laptop suggested. It too was minimally decorated, save for a painting of a ship at sea, hung oddly low on the wall. The top of the painting only reached about hip height. It seemed very strange to her. She turned to leave, then paused. The painting was on the wall which connected to her room. She strode over to it and lifted it. There was a hole in the wall, and when she pressed her eye to it, she could see the spare room bed. Dropping her hands and letting the painting fall back into place, swinging wildly, she sat up. Perhaps this was just coincidence. She couldn't believe Jeremy would put up a peephole. More than likely this was some construction mishap and he'd only hung the painting over it to hide the ugly mark in the wall. Maybe he didn't even know you could see straight through! Comforting herself with these thoughts, she returned to the living room just as Jeremy walked out from the bathroom.
"Ready?" He smiled at her, offering her his arm, which she accepted, and they were on their way. They had a wonderful time at dinner, Hanna slightly overindulging in the wine and beginning to question whether she REALLY needed to wait till a second or third date to share his bed. They were so compatible, laughing and keeping up a constant stream of conversation all night. When they arrived back at his house, Jeremy suggested they watch a movie, which Hanna knew was Guy Code for 'make out and maybe more', but she was eager to kiss him and agreed. Before the opening credits had even begun to roll, Jeremy was turning her face to his, his kisses hot and lustful. He kissed a trail around her neck and earlobe, sending shivers of pleasure down Hanna's spine. She returned the kisses, feeling him grow hard against her leg. She smiled to herself, pleased to have turned him on. He teased the top of her sundress down over her breasts, and rolled her nipple with his thumb and forefinger.
Hanna leaned back, enjoying the feeling. Feeling bold, she put a hand on the front of his jeans and began to rub. He groaned and responded by taking her nipple into his mouth, while his hands yanked up her skirt and fervently sought her moist pussy. She made sounds of pleasure, spreading her legs. She kept stroking his cock through his pants, thinking about it inside of her. He would feel so good...
Abruptly, Jeremy stopped and pulled back.
"I'm sorry, Hanna, I'm sorry. I know you wanted to wait. I just can't help myself. You're so damn sexy, and I want you so bad." Hanna felt bereft at the sudden loss of his mouth and fingers. She pouted a little. He was right though. She would feel much better about herself in the morning if she waited. With a sigh, she stood.
"I should probably get to bed anyway, it's kind of late." She would much rather stay up late with Jeremy, but well... damn her conscience! He nodded and agreed with her, promising that he would take her to the beach in the morning and giving her one last kiss goodnight. Hanna returned to her room, still incredibly horny. She changed into her sexy little nightie she'd packed - just in case she ended up sleeping with him against her better judgement - and crawled into bed. He pussy was still so wet and throbbing, though. How would she ever sleep? The bed wasn't that comfortable, either, the mattress felt thin and lumpy. Warm air blew in from the open window, and Hanna threw off the bed covers. It was never this hot at night back home. She sighed. She was absolutely aching for sex. Hesitantly, she ran her fingers down her body, slipping under her panties, only to find they were soaked. Somehow, that excited her more, and she began to slowly rub little circles around her clit, making every effort to keep quiet. Jeremy must never know what she was doing.
She moved her arm and found a new lump in the bed. What the hell was with this mattress? It felt like there were rocks under it and it was actually distracting her from touching herself. As she stopped moving, she heard a sound. Was that the door of the next room being opened? No, she must be imagining things. What WAS that lump in the mattress? Maybe an old set of sheets had been left underneath by mistake, and were now wadded up and bunching together. She hopped off the bed and groped under the mattress, searching for sheets. Her fingers touched something hard. Very hard. It felt cool and smooth, almost tube-like. She closed her hand around it and pulled it out.
Hanna was holding a dildo. There was a scraping sound from the wall adjoining the next room. Was that the house settling... or Jeremy moving the painting aside and peering through the hole? She looked at the dildo in her hand. The phallic shape was stirring her lustful feelings again. She wondered why it was under her bed. Was it possible that Jeremy had placed it there, intentionally, and that he was now peeking at her, maybe getting excited? The thought was titillating. Maybe she should give him something to watch. She climbed onto the bed, carefully arranging herself so her pussy was pointed directly at the hole in the wall. Was she imagining the sound of heavy breathing, the soft thuds of someone settling in?
She ran a hand around her breast, pinching her nipple and letting her other hand bring the dildo down to her pussy and rubbing it slowly up and down, wetting the tip. The slicked silicone penis felt good on her swollen clit, cool and firm. She moaned and continued working it up and down. A soft slapping sound, like flesh meeting flesh, drifted through the wall in the next room Hanna thought of Jeremy jacking off to her masturbation, and found the thought surprisingly erotic. She spread her legs to give him a better view of her sopping wet pussy, and slowly began to inch the dildo into her hungry vagina.
"Ooo, yes," she said. She wanted him to hear her and be excited by it. "Oh, yeah," she slid in another inch. She moved her other hand down from her nipple and began to rub her clit. She hoped he could see it all. "Mmm, Jeremy," she said, a fiendish smile on her face as she thought of how that would excite him. The base of the dildo bumped her strumming fingers, and she relished the full feeling. She began to thrust the dildo in and out, her other hand still busy at her clit. She imagined Jeremy's hard cock inside of her instead of the faux penis, filling her as his balls slapped against her and his warm weight pressed her down. She worked the dildo faster, thinking of how good it would feel to cum on his cock, raking her nails down his back while her pussy squeezed him tight.
"OO, yes, Jeremy," she panted, working the dildo still faster. She was certain she heard him now, there was no mistaking the sound of a man vigorously jerking off. His own grunts of pleasure were quite audible through the wall; even her own cries were not drowning them out. "I love the way you FUCK me, Jeremy," she said. Suddenly inspired, she stood up and bent herself over the bed, never pulling the dildo out. She kept one hand beneath her body, stimulating her clit, and the other behind and slightly below so she could drive the dildo in and out. She hoped he was enjoying the view.
She was getting close to cumming now. She was holding her breath and focusing on the feeling, pretending the penis fucking her was actually Jeremy's, and not controlled by her own hand. She was so wet it was hard to keep the dildo from slipping out. Her juices were running down her thighs. Her fingers circled her clit faster and faster, and then a mighty orgasm swept through her, making her scream out, "Fuck, Jeremy, I'm CUUUUMMMMINNNG!" There was an answering groan from the far side of the wall as Hanna, gasping and shaking, began to slow the progress of the dildo. Her thighs felt so weak she could barely stand, and she clumsily climbed up onto the bed, the slippery dildo falling out to the floor. She was exhausted now. It felt like all that wine was finally catching up to her. Her last thought before sleep claimed her was how amazing her and Jeremy's sex life was going to be.