A lot of things had changed in my life in a short time. I was pregnant. I got married to my best friend. I graduated high school; I also discovered the pleasures of another female. Because of that female I stopped trying to be a tomboy and now looked like a young redhead wife.
I know this makes me seem less intelligent, but I also had just discovered the wonderful thing called an orgasm! Not only was that a wonderfully unexpected event but it was also life changing. Don't take that wrong, I had always loved sex!
One Saturday there were many things happening on the farm. The veterinarian was coming and that required both my husband and his grandfather to assist. I was assigned the task of driving the old farm truck to the grain elevator/feed store to get mineral blocks for the cattle. I was actually excited. There had been many exciting trips there before, but I had never gone alone.
It was hot out, so I was wearing a white t shirt that I tied under my braless breasts exposing my stomach. The short shorts seemed tighter around my waist than normal. Maybe that was because of the cute little baby bump that had started.
Okay so don't laugh but on my feet were a pair of not very sexy rubber boots. If you have ever walked in the cow pasture you understand why!
Before I dressed that morning, I stood naked looking in the long mirror on the bathroom door inspecting all 105 pounds of me. My teacher friend had recently cut my really long red hair and trimmed another patch of red hair. She also introduced me to makeup.
After I dressed, I did a slow turnaround inspecting myself. I smiled when I noticed those shorts gave a little peek of butt cheek. I was pretty pleased at the girl looking for back from the mirror.
I put my hair in a ponytail and fed it through the back of my ball cap and off I went for the 40-minute drive.
I can't explain it but for some odd reason all those old guys that ran the elevator seemed to want to help me way more than they ever did before.
Everything was loaded and I went inside to sign the ticket. Do you remember I said it was hot? That white t shirt was a little damp from my own perspiration. It's funny how quickly men notice perky little nipples in a wet shirt.
The owner suggested I get myself a drink out of the cooler. He told me it was his treat. The cooler was like a chest freezer. The lid opened and soda bottles sat in cold water.
I think those old guys thought I might take more than one drink. All eyes seemed to be watching me.
I decided to choose a bottle of Choc-ola.
It was like chocolate milk in a bottle. I heard one old man make a sound like a groan when I touched the cold wet bottle to my face, then held it to my bare tummy just above those hip hugging shorts.
I said my thank you and was surprised when the owner told, "me thanks for coming in and I hope you come back soon."
I wondered if it was how sexy my boots were that made me so welcome!
Once in the truck I sat that bottle between my legs. That cool bottle on my bare skin felt nice. After a drink, I pressed the bottle against my crotch. I couldn't really feel the coolness on my very wet and damp place hiding under those shorts.
I found a solution. I unfastened and unzipped and pulled the crotch of my shorts to one side. Let me tell you that cool smooth glass felt totally amazing against my bare pussy.
I'm pretty sure I could've easily crashed by the distraction. Before long sitting the bottle between my legs after a drink, took much longer as I rubbed it along my slit. With a little effort I had the cool bottle wedged perfectly between my very excited pussy and the leather seat.
Suddenly I couldn't get to the farm fast enough. I went directly to the back pasture. I parked the truck in the shade by the feed bunk. The cattle were all around the truck, but they would just have to wait. I was on a mission to enjoy wonderful a new feeling.
I took those boots off as well my shorts and my panties. One quick feel revealed just how wet I was down there.
Leaning against the door and almost lying in the seat. I had One foot on the dash and the other over the seat back, spreading my legs wide. I slowly rubbed that glass up and down.
The sunlight seemed to make the moisture on the bottle from my pussy gleam. I suddenly had an irresistible desire to lick around the bottle. Trust me it didn't taste like chocolate!
I put the tip of the bottle in my mouth sucking it like a very smooth cock. The bottle was about 9 inches tall and about 21/2 inches wide. The neck was probably a delightful 4 inches.
Between my saliva and all the natural lubricants my body provided the tip just slipped right inside. I held it still with the neck all in and the wider part pressed against my opening.
I angled the bottle upwards pressing it against my clit as I slid the bottle in and out.
That's all it took; my body tensed my legs seemed to automatically close on that bottle. My feet were crossed at my ankles giving my knees more leverage to keep the bottle in place as my first orgasm sent wonderful sensations through my entire body.
I was definitely not satisfied yet, but the cows were surrounding the truck. Maybe they were enjoying the show. Reluctantly I sat the bottle aside and slipped my bare feet back in those clunky boots.
I got out of the truck wearing nothing, but a very wet t shirt still tied under my breasts and those boots and put two mineral blocks out for the cattle. I didn't appreciate the condescending looks of several of the cows.
I got back in the truck and drove to the second pasture. For some reason the seat seemed very sticky. I have to admit I felt extremely naughty opening the gates almost naked.
Pasture two meant round two with the long neck bottom. I had lost a little steam but before long I was all warmed up and lubricating the glass. My second orgasm came rather quickly.
Suddenly it seemed like that sexy bottle was challenging me to see how much would fit inside.
I positioned myself with both bare feet on the dash; my naked ass was on the edge of the seat. My legs were spread wide as the back of the seat held my head so I could watch to see how the challenge ended.
I pressed the tip against my wet slit. The neck was not a challenge, but it certainly felt good. It took both hands, but the rest of wider part started in slowly. After a short time, I had nearly the entire length inside me.
I watched as I used fingers of both hands to nearly burry the bottle inside my pussy. When I relaxed my fingers, the bottle slipped almost out before I pushed it in again. It was totally awesome to see that smooth glass bottle part my pink labia and disappear almost effortlessly inside. That set off what seemed like a slow-moving train of orgasms. When those glorious orgasms settled, I let the bottle slip out and fall off the seat.
I moved to lie on the seat. One hand went under my sweat soaked shirt rolling my nipple between my thumb and finger. When my body could finally function, I started looking for my panties and shorts. I discovered a rather large spot on the seat. It was clear that no matter if it was the bottle or I that had won the challenge, the truck seat was the looser.
Reluctantly once I was dressed, I finished the task of setting mineral blocks for the cows then headed back to the barn. My husband and his grandfather were probably used to seeing me wearing almost nothing, but the Veterinarian seemed to be enjoying the site of a young redhead wearing a very damp T shirt with nipples poking through the thin material like head lights and very short shorts and of course those sexy boots.
Even though his job was finished the Vet didn't seem to be anxious to leave. I think he should have given Grandpa a discount that day!
The day was done and the three of us were in the truck headed home. Grandpa was driving. I was in the middle and my husband was riding shotgun. When the truck stopped that sexy choc-ola bottle rolled out from its hiding place under my husband's feet.
I had forgotten about my newly found toy. I smiled and I suppose my face turned a little red as I explained the generosity of the owner of the elevator. I left out the part about making the cows wait for their mineral blocks.
I took that bottle and once I carefully washed it, I set it on the little table beside my bed. From time to time over the next few months It was necessary to wash it again.