I reached the centre of the room noticing that three of the guys, Paul, Steve and Adam were seated on the sofa and Neil was stretched out on a large bean bag. There was a dining chair in the centre of the room facing the sofa, which the guys had strategically placed so when I would be sitting my Tits and pussy would be facing them. I moved around the sofa slowly doing some bump and grind moves, letting the guys see my crazy sexy net dress, displaying my quarter cup bra holding my pierced tits upwards, my under-bust corset, cinching my small waist and my stockings and garters framing the leather look snap front thong which was so small and tight I may as well have come out naked. It was clinging to my mound showing my shaved slit as though it was naked, like a shiny black second skin. I stood before each guy momentarily, encouraging the guys to feel me at every opportunity.
Adam slid his hands up my stockings and placed the palm of his hand over my leather covered pussy and gave it a nice slow rub.
Steve made a beeline for my pierced nipples as I leant forward offering more scope to play with my full tits.
Paul slid his hands up my waist tantalisingly slow, till they reached my side boob where he systematically spread his fingers across my breast and began to massage my breasts and nipples magnificently.
I moved over to the bean bag where confidant Neil was smiling at me leaning back with legs slightly parted, proudly showing off his very impressive bulge. I stood facing Neil and gyrated slowly lowering myself slightly giving him a good view of my tits and pussy. I turned slowly, bending forward, as I pushed my ass high and tight, then parted my legs slowly, displaying the thong cutting my ass cheeks apart. The thong was stroking my puckered asshole deliciously as Neil slid his finger slowly down my ass crack, circled my asshole three times then smoothed its way along the thong, tenderly pushing the material between my swelling pussy lips. As the material brushed my inner labia I let out a soft moan.
"Yesssss!" I hissed with sexual delight, as Neil slowly worked the leather material into my pussy. His hand moved forward and upward as he palmed my shaven mound and with a flick of his thumb, he unclasped my thong and slid it back toward him, as the mild friction of the slicing leather material, softly grazed my pussy, tingling the most wonderful sensations through my cunt. I turned my head back to look at Neil who winked at me. I licked my lips and blew him a kiss as I stood up to reveal my shaved pussy to the guys on the sofa. I turned back to face Neil and displayed my hairless quim for him to feast his eyes and decided to give him an extra sexy treat my pushing my mound forward and holding my pussy lips open exposing my tight pink hole to him. Again he winked at me with those powder blue eyes and smiled the most wickedly erotic smile I've ever seen. My pussy was buzzing thinking of Neil being inside me, but first I would need to finish my dance and show the other guys some fun.
I gave Neil a saucy wink and mouthed "I want to fuck you!" which he smiled back at me and mouthed "I want to fuck you too! I giggled at our private naughtiness then turned my back to him to give the guys some fun. I walked up to Steve and straddled his lap, lowering my exposed pussy directly onto his obvious bulge. I positioned my hot pussy into place, I then slowly gyrated my hips and moved my lips to his ear. My hot breath tantalised his erogenous ear as I whispered
"Do you want to take my dress off?"
Steve swallowed deeply with what appeared to be nervous excitement and took hold of the hem of the fishnet dress and slowly rode the sexy garment over the under-bust corset, over my swollen nippled breasts and finally over my heavily made up face and off my body completely. Hs hands held my taut buttocks as I arched my back pushing my large breasts forward. Steve flicked his tongue over my hard pierced nipples then took the fleshy nub into his mouth and gently sucked. His teeth came into play, gently biting and grazing my nipples sending me wild with desire. My hips began to rock back and forth on his lap as my pussy lips separated due to the pushing of his increasing bulge. Without any penetration it would appear that I was about to orgasm. My excitement was too far advanced to recede and I ground my pussy into Steve's impressive bulge feeling the heat from his cock as he twitched his excited member, sending the orgasmic waves throughout my pussy. I kissed his neck and ear whispering hoarsely that I was coming.
The other guys cheered hearing of my impending orgasm as I tossed my head back and panted furiously that I was coming. My body shook with the intensity of the orgasm as the last waves of orgasmic desire dissipated from body. I looked at the guys and smiled as they all smiled back excitedly. If this was the start, then I was in for some serious pleasure this evening. I leant across Steve and kissed Adam as Paul joined our little party by slowly playing with my nipples. I had Adam Kissing me as I sat on Steve's throbbing bulge whilst Paul stimulated my very sensitive nipples. I placed my left hand on Paul's cock and my right hand on Adam's. Both cocks were fully erect and very impressive. I'd already sampled the delights of Adam's glorious cock, so I decided to unleash Paul's cock first. Undoing his zip, I reached inside his pants and scooped a very impressive rock hard olive skinned cock from its restraint. His cock stood proudly erect as I ran my taloned fingers up and down the smooth length. His cock twitched as I wrapped my fingers round the shaft and stroked the flesh back and forth. His cock was uncircumcised with a very meaty foreskin. I pulled the foreskin back revealing a pink coloured large bulbous helmet oozing with pre-cum.
I smiled at Paul then leant over his lap and pursed my painted lips over his wet smooth glans. His cock slid inside my mouth as I twirled my tongue around the sensitive head. Paul groaned with pleasure as my tongue worked its magic on his beautiful cock. As I slowly bobbed up and down his length, sucking gently on his blue steel erection, I felt a naughty finger rubbing between my labia, rubbing my obvious wetness all over my smooth pussy lips, lubricating or events to come. The finger gently teased my lips, softly tickling the erogenous sensitive flesh till at last it slowly began to penetrate me. The finger slid effortlessly in to my sexed up my pussy, sliding to the front wall of my cunt and pressed quite forcefully onto my Gspot. We had an expert in our midst as the fingertip pressed on the spongey fleshy spot and began to oscillate frantically. I slid the cock from my mouth and rested my head on Paul's lap as the intruding finger took my libido up to defcon 1.
The finger was working at warp speed as the squelching sounds emanating from my pussy grew louder and louder. The friction and heat cranked my arousal up to the highest level as my orgasm burst through my body like a sexual tsunami. My female ejaculation began spurting from my cunt, soaking Steve's trousers, as gush after gush of female jism sprayed his pants. My screams were decibel splitting as I begged the finger to stop as I couldn't take anymore pleasure. The finger chose to ignore me and continued at the same velocity, pushing me close to passing out with sexual exhaustion. My head became dizzy as the endless waves of pleasure electrically charged my pussy. I pushed down on the finger which prevented its movement and allowed me some sexual respite from the world of Sexual deviancy and the chance to return to the normal world of straight forward fucking.
The slut that I had become was purring with sexual delight as the finger slowly removed itself from my pussy and brushed itself on my painted lips. The smell of my highly aroused pussy was embedded into the flesh of the extremely wet finger as I ran my slut like tongue along the length of the fabulous finger, tasting my deviant orgasm. Paul removed his trousers and shirt and stood from the sofa directly behind me. I clambered off Steve's lap to allow to remove his pussy soaked trousers. He dropped his trousers revealing to me my first ever pierced cock. His bulbous had had a thick gold ring going through the eye of his cock and coming out of the side of its bulbous head. Intrigued I pulled Steve's cock closer for a more detailed inspection and ran my cock over the gold ring and placed the tip of my tongue inside the enlarged eye, tickling the tip delicately. Steve moaned with delight and whispered.
"Lick it slut!" which I willingly obeyed. Paul moved my knees apart and slowly slid his Latino cock deep into my drenched creamy pussy. My pussy was extra tight after the oscillating female ejaculation, clamping Paul's cock like a third hand. Paul pushed his cock as deep as it could go, banging the opening to my cervix. I do like to be fucked deep and Paul was doing exactly what I like. I rode his cock slowly whilst licking the ornament ordained cock. Adam told Paul to slide underneath me and fuck me cowgirl style so he could fuck my ass and they could DP me. I moaned with delight at the thought as I sucked the pierced wonder.
Paul removed his cock from my pussy and sat on the sofa as I straddled his thighs, sliding my opening over his smooth bulbous head. As his head was enveloped by my pussy I slid down the length till he was in me up to the hilt. I leant forward slightly to arch my back so my asshole was in the prime position.
Adam spat on his cock quite loudly then placed the tip at my puckered ring. He pushed his cock forward as my puckered ring stretched over his huge cock and clamped the shaft as it disappeared inch by inch up my tight slut asshole. Paul and I both moaned as the tightness encapsulated us both. I could feel the searing heat of both cocks as the move in unison in and out of my stretched holes. Steve was overcome with sexual ecstasy watching this unfold and declared that he was going to come. I placed one hand on his bare ass and pushed him into my face, ensuring every splash of come went down my throat. Steve groaned through gritted teeth as spurt after spurt of hot virile young seed slid down my willing throat, His youthful exuberance was evident as the ferocity of his spurts were quite forceful, even borderline violent. I let his flaccid cock slip from my mouth as I smiled at him then encouraged the two cocksman with some vocal support.
"These beautiful young cocks fucking my pussy and ass are making me want to come!" which was not just encouragement but also the truth.
"Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" I pleaded. The guys were building a speedy rhythm pleasuring my pussy and ass as my next orgasm began to appear.
"Oh fuck guys you're making me come!" I groaned throatily as my orgasm surged through me. I bucked ferociously on the cocks as they both informed me that they were also coming. The once in a lifetime episode occurred as all three of us reached orgasm together. As my electric sexual pulses tingled through my cunt a flood of young hot seed splurged through my anal cavity while a gush of warm sticky young spunk flooded my pussy. We slowly rode each other as our orgasms waned. All three of us panting with just a hint of laughter and giggling as our chests heaved gasping the air into our lungs. As my orgasm began to wane Paul took my pierced nipple into his mouth and gently licked and sucked the flesh, sending me back up the arousal scale to what can only be described as a mini orgasm, which made me moan with delight and repeatedly utter the word "Yes!"
Adam slid his cock out of my ass and picked some kitchen roll and began to wipe the spunk and pussy juice away from my ass and cunt. He cleaned it vigorously but also tenderly which increased my mini orgasm to a full blown scream your fucking head off one. When the clean-up was complete, Adam walked into the kitchen to dispose of the sex drenched kitchen roll, his still huge cock swaying from side to side. Steve had now returned to sit on the sofa, with his jewelled cock lying limply by his thigh. Paul was sprawled across the remainder of the sofa, with me straddled across him as my pussy gently rubbed itself on his hairless thighs. Neil spoke in a soft but determined tone.
"Don't I get any action?" he smiled
"Adam!" I shouted "I'm just taking Neil into your bedroom to fuck him while you guys recover!"
Adam shouted from the kitchen
"Go ahead we'll see you soon!"
I grabbed Neil's hand helping him from the bean bag and led him into Adams bedroom.
Unbuttoning his shirt, I ran my hands over his smooth tanned chest, working my way down his six pack stomach and began to unbuckle his jeans. His shoes and socks were already removed as I slid his jeans over his tight smooth hairless thighs. His tight Calvin Klein briefs shaped his prominent cock wonderfully as I ran my warm lips over the material of his briefs, kissing the shaft of his cock. I slid his briefs down over his hips and thighs as his rather large cock bounded free, standing proudly erect.
"I've been waiting for this!" I smiled, taking his warm glans between my lips. Teasing his bell end I began to work my tongue on his full length. He whispered softly.
"Oh you fucking slut. You do that so well. I need to be inside you!"
He moved me back onto the bed gently as he climbed between my open legs. The subdued lighting of the bedroom could not hide the increasing glossy wetness of my pussylips as he slid two fingers into my hot tight hole. I raised my pussy off the bed to meet his thrusting fingers as he hooked the front wall of my cunt and began to finger blast me. I thrashed on the bed wailing "Give it me. Finger my cunt!" as the inevitable gushing orgasm spurted from my cunt. As the last spurt flew into the air, Neil pushed his tongue into my drenched cunt sending me into another mini orgasm. Moving his sexy lips gently over my pussy, then tenderly kissing my thighs and the under-bust corset, reaching my neck with soft gentle nibbles and delicate kisses until he ran his tongue along my lips and kissed me with softest lips I'd ever known. Neil's cock was at my shaved opening as it found its way home without any help. Sliding slowly into my cunt, my stockinged legs edged their way up Neil's hamstrings and rested on his back.
My hands were n his cheeks as we kissed lovingly, fucking each other slowly yet passionately. Neil began to gently nibble my bottom lips as his huge cock slid in and out of me, taking my state of arousal higher. He leant up on his hands and whispered.
"You have to let me see you again. I need to be inside this pussy some more! One fuck would never be enough with you!" he declared.
"Give me your number and we'll definitely fuck again!" I reassured him.
He began to increase his speed to almost full tempo when my orgasm thrust through me. Bucking my hips against his, I fucked him and kissed him, enjoying the heightened sexual pleasure he was delivering. Hubby will explode when I tell how good these cocks were.
Neil waited until my orgasm had subsided when he turned me over parting my legs as wide as they would go. He knelt behind me and slid his cock into my cum drenched pussy with full force. I panted loudly as the movement took me delightfully by surprise.
"Oh yeah Neil, fuck my cunt. Fuck this unfaithful slut!" I panted.
Take my cock slut!" Neil whispered through clenched teeth.
"Fuck me! Pound my cunt!" I begged.
Neil thrust forcefully, stretching my pussy with his thick cock. Thrust after thrust of his young virile cock, stretching my married cunt with unfaithful abandon.
With no warning and very efficiently, Neil withdrew his cock from my pussy in one thrust and banged it deep in my ass with another.
I came on contact. This sex machine knew just what buttons to press on me and his cock was working me over good and proper.
"Your husband will love to taste your ass when I've finished destroying it!" he growled
"Oh Neil take my ass!" I begged
"You're my slut and will fuck when I say!" he commanded.
"I'm yours to do with as you want!" I panted obediently.
"You'll come to mine tomorrow and wearing something like this while I fuck all your holes. Hubby can watch, but he can't touch you!" he ordered.
We most definitely had a sexual deviant of the highest order stretching my whore slut ass and whom I don't think I could refuse any request.
"Take me!" I screamed as I felt his hot young seed gush into my anal passage sending me to another orgasm.
As his cock slipped out of my ass he looked me in the eye and gently kissed me saying.
"You can ring your husband to collect you now. You'll need all that sexual energy for tomorrow night!" he calmly explained.
He got up off the bed and walked into the lounge returning with my bag and holdall.
"The guys know your leaving and they're delighted to have fucked such a sexy filthy slut!"
He looked me up and down so arrogantly and confidently.
"Ring your husband and leave me your number and I'll call you later and you can masturbate while I give you my address and your husband can clean your pussy and ass with his tongue while he listens!" he stated.
I rang my husband and waited for the phone to answer.
"Hi babe anything wrong?" he asked
"No everything is perfect. Would you collect me now?" I asked.
"Sure Babe I'm on my way. Did you have a good time?"
"Better than you could imagine. I'll tell you when I get home. Come now honey, I'll see you in ten minutes!"
Hanging up the phone I handed Neil a card with my number and email address.
I leant forward and kissed him softly which became more passionate, till we were in a full on clench. Neil stroked my pussy and said.
"If he's here in ten then we've enough time for me to leave some hot seed in your unfaithful cunt to feed him when you get home!"
Neil bent me over and fucked me wildly sending me to orgasm land once more. I fucked him back just as wildly as I leant my head back as he pulled my hair tightly. My open mouth turned to meet his as his tongue reunited with mine and we both started to orgasm in unison. His rapturous hot seed splashed inside my womb sending me wild with desire.
I milked his cock that slut that I am. This cock was even more special than Adams and would be inside me at every given opportunity. I just hope hubby can handle it as that's what's happening. As Neil continued to empty his balls in my cunt I placed my face on the bed and softly whispered.
"Fuck me tomorrow and show my husband how you will make me your slut!" I said in all sincerity.
We panted ourselves back to normality as his cock slid out of my pussy.
"You'll be a great slut to have around. Keep wearing the sexy outfits. You've a fucking great body and fuck me do you know how to use it! You are the ultimate slut"
As Humphrey Bogart once said "This could be the start of a beautiful friendship!"