Live Stream 8

As Sophie retold the story of the first time properly showing her face, a few images popped up in the chat. Various people uploaded photos of her squirting and all exposed from that very first video.
"I couldn't believe I squirted," Sophie said to the camera. "I never thought I could do that, especially not on camera."
She sighed again.
"You really need to understand that my shame, my regret, is real," She said. "I hate myself after some of these things I've done. I'm disgusted knowing there are god knows how many people watching... but it comes back."

Chapter 7 - Help Me Be A Slut

Sophie's phone vibrated in her lap. A few other students in the lecture hall turned and looked, and she gave an embarrassed "I'm sorry".
She was wearing a hoodie and jeans, nothing too sexual, but she still had no underwear on underneath. It just felt wrong to Sophie now to be wearing underwear.
When she grabbed the phone, she realised it was a notification from RealSluts. She had found a way to turn notifications on.
Then, she saw it was a message from Jane.
JaneBby:Wow! I LOVE the new video! You're so fucking hot! When am I next going to have you between my legs?
Sophie sighed.
For the last few days, she watched as time and time again her profile was tagged in the video of her first live stream. The first few attempts she untagged herself, but they just tagged her again.
At least five of the guys watching had uploaded her video onto that site, and Sophie dreaded to think if they put it anywhere else.
Each video had thousands of views. Sophie hated it, but she loved it.
Every night she made herself cum as she watched herself on her phone and read the nasty comments from other people watching her.
I wonder how many people have seen this? There's no hiding it. If someone I know sees it, then there's nothing I can do to deny it.
This new dreaded fear opened up a new feeling of excitement for Sophie. Everywhere she went, every person that just slightly looked at her left her wondering,have they seen the video?
An old man on a bus the other day stared at her, and she thought for sure he had seen her squirting, but she had no way to be certain.
But as Sophie sat at the back of the lecture hall, she barely listened to the professor as she scrolled through the comments on her videos, and then a new message popped up that startled Sophie to her core.
JB:Well, I never expected cute Sophie Rain to be such a slut.
Sophie's heart nearly stopped. This was a message on RealSluts, where everyone should only know her as "Beth".
It's happened... someone's recognised me.
Sophie sat there and looked around the room with wide eyes, trying to see if anyone was looking at her.
Of course they have! How could I be so fucking stupid! What did I expect?!
She couldn't take it. Sophie ran out of the lecture hall, straight into the bathroom, and threw up. Her hands were still shaking, even when she had finished and washed her face.
I can't go back in there, what if this person is in there?
So, she headed back to her place. She didn't see Cara at first, but then she heard her.
"Oooh fuck yes!" Cara's undeniable moan came from her room.
Fuck sake,Sophie thought, actually jealous that Cara was getting sex right now.
She sat on the sofa, and she didn't mean to, but she couldn't stop from hearing her best friend in the middle of passion.
Then another notification came through on her phone.
JB:Everyone thinks you're such a nice, quiet girl as well. LOL! Not when they see this video of you squirting and begging to be used like a whore!
Sophie panicked even more and rapidly typed back.
Beth18:Please, please, please, PLEASE do not show anyone! I'm begging you!
She watched as he typed back.
JB:I'm still getting my head around that it's actually you.
Beth replied with a question she didn't know if she wanted answered.
Beth18:Who are you?
JB:Oh, not yet. But one day though, if you're well behaved.
Sophie read his answer, and it didn't help ease her at all.
Beth18:What do you mean?
JB:Let me make this simple for you. If you don't want the whole world seeing your video, you will do everything that you're told.
Sophie felt sick again as she read it.
Beth18:You're blackmailing me?
Sophie waited painfully for a reply.
"Oooh fuck I'm gonna cum!" She heard Cara moaning in the other room just before a reply came.
JB:Actually, more of a proposition. I'm not a sick man, well, not entirely anyway. If you do not want me to message you again or show anyone this video, then just say so and you will never hear from me again. You will also never know who I am, and you'll never know who in your life knows your dirty little secret.
Sophie went to reply but saw he was still typing.
JB:However, I have seen a side to you that no one you know has. There's a slut inside of you, Sophie, and you know it. You've been hiding in your safe space, being ignored by everyone, and now I see you. If you choose to, I will blackmail you. I will push your limits and make you do things you never thought you would under the threat of being exposed.
Sophie couldn't believe what she was reading.
Beth18:Why would I choose to be blackmailed???
JB:Because you're a dirty fucking whore, and you know it!! You want to be seen like this. You want men and women to look at your body and cum. I know you know.
"Fuck, fuck, cum in me," Cara moaned in the other room, "It's fine, just cum in me."
Sophie rolled her eyes and replied.
Beth18:You think you know me so well. You actually think I would ask you to blackmail me?
JB:Well then, here's my proposal. For the next 48 hours I am blackmailing you. You will do everything that I order you to, otherwise I post this video all over your social media and let everyone you know see it. When that 48 hours ends, the choice will be yours.
Sophie sighed. She already knew that she was not going to agree to be blackmailed, but until that 48 hours was over, she didn't really have much choice.
Beth18:Well, I guess I don't have much choice.
Just as she hit send, Cara's bedroom door opened, and out she walked with just a dressing gown on.
"Sophie? I thought you were at a lecture all day?" She asked, shocked to see her roommate.
Then, a tall, older man emerged from behind her.
"I didn't feel very well, so I came home." Sophie replied, still feeling a little sick over her situation.
"When, erm, when did you get back?" Cara asked.
"Only just now." Sophie lied, not wanting her friend to be embarrassed.
"Okay good." Cara replied.
She turned and kissed the tall guy once more, and then he left. After he left, Cara sat down next to Sophie.
"So, sorry about that." Cara said with a little giggle.
"Don't worry, you've caught me in worse situations lately." Sophie joked back.
"True," Cara laughed, "when are you seeing that fuck buddy of yours?"
"Harry?" Sophie replied. She hadn't thought about texting him for a while. "I'm not sure, every time I see him, I feel so... slutty."
Cara laughed and nudged her friend's arm.
"You're at Uni, it's good to feel slutty every now and again." She said.
It's acting like a slut that got me into this mess.

--

It was an hour later, and Cara and Sophie were in their own rooms. That was when Sophie received another message.
JB:Ready for your first task?
Sophie sighed. Her initial fear had gone, and she knew that in less than 48 hours this would be over.
Then that's it. No more posting anywhere online. No sending photos to anyone. I'm out before it goes further than it already has.
Beth18:Just get on with it.
JB:Oh, don't worry. I'm sure you'll enjoy the next 2 days. First things first, get that same pen you used in the video and write "SLUT" all across your chest. Sent a photo for proof.
Sophie thought about lying and saying she didn't have the pen anymore, but she thought that if she went along with his orders, then this would all go easier.
So, she grabbed the permanent marker and took off her top. Just as she went to write on herself, she sighed.
I've only just got the last writing off.
Looking in the mirror, Sophie wrote the word "SLUT" across her chest in big, bold writing.
When she put the pen down and looked at herself, memories of the immense pleasure she received while making that live stream flashed through her head.
No, stop it!
She took a photo of her chest and sent it to her blackmailer.
JB:No point hiding anything from me now. All of your photos and videos you send to me will have your face in it (when able to do so).
Beth18:But then you'll just have more to blackmail me with!
JB:You really think I don't have enough already? I have a video of you fucking yourself with a dildo, squirting and begging to be abused and fucked like a pathetic whore!
Sophie hated how her pussy reacted to his message.
Once again, she sighed and took the same photo, but this time with her face in it and sent it to him.
JB:That's more like it. Send me a video of your room. I want to see the full layout.
Sophie hated that she had no way to deny him. So, she did as he asked and sent the video over.
JB:Good girl. Now you're going out. Put on something slutty, not like those jeans and hoodie you wore today.
Sophie let out a loud gasp when she read this,so he at least goes to the same Uni as me, maybe he was in one of my classes?
She worried that she would now have to spend every day of her Uni time wondering which guys there have seen her at her weakest, a thought that undoubtedly turned her on.
After fifteen minutes, Sophie was wearing a short, black pencil skirt and a white blouse that really showed off her large cleavage. She had another order to take a photo and send it as proof, which she did.
JB:Much better now you look like the slut you really are. Whereabouts do you live?
Beth18:I'm not telling you that! What if you come here and rape me or kill me!
JB:Don't flatter yourself. I won't be touching you until you're begging for it.
Sophie both hated and loved the complete lack of control that she had. The fact that she couldn't argue, that she had to do everything this man was telling her felt so freeing.
So, she told him the area she lived in.
JB:Perfect, go to this area and wait for further instructions.
Sophie saw that he had sent her a maps image of a park near her. With another sigh, she got up and headed out.
"I'm just nipping out, won't be long!" She shouted to Cara as she left.
The park was only a fifteen minute walk away, but it was fairly cold, and her already permanently hard nipples were extremely visible through this top.
What she also didn't plan for was that the permanent marker was faintly visible as well. If she pulled her top tighter, then you could definitely read the words.
Walking down the street, the wind was blowing at her very exposed legs, and Sophie realised she was actually getting turned on as she walked past people.
She eventually reached the park and messaged him.
Beth18:I'm here, now what?
JB:Find a bench and sit on it.
There was a bench at the corner of the park. The sun was beginning to set, and Sophie thought that whatever this person had planned, at least she would be out of the way.
Beth18:I'm sitting on it.
JB:Good. You're going to do a live stream with me, which I will be recording. Your task is to make yourself cum. No matter what happens, your fingers are not to leave your pussy. If I see for one second that they aren't touching your slutty little cunt, then your video goes viral to everyone you know.
Oooh fuck!
Sophie squirmed in both fear and excitement.
He wants me to cum here? At the park! It's not even night out!
JB:You have 10 seconds to send me a live stream or you get exposed.
A part of Sophie wanted to tell him to expose her, but she fought against it and sent him a live stream. He didn't have his webcam on, obviously. So, her phone just showed herself on the screen.
JB:Spread your legs, nice and wide so your cunt is out for all to see.
With fear and excitement, Sophie looked around and saw only a handful of people on the far end of the large park. Then she spread her legs, holding the phone so both her thighs and face were fully in the shot.
JB:I knew you would love this. Fucking slut. Look how wet your cunt already is.
It was true, Sophie's pussy was already dripping wet.
With her legs spread, her already short skirt rode up to the tip of her thighs, leaving her practically naked from the waist down. Then, she moved her fingertips to her pussy.
Sophie felt how wet her lips already were as she moved her fingers around, gently pressing against her sensitive clit.
I'm actually about to make myself cum in public, and I'm enjoying it. How fucked up am I!
Her eyes kept darting around the park, checking to see if anyone was walking her way, but she was safe. In a minute or two she started to rub her clit a bit firmer.
A gust of wind blew against Sophie, reminding her of what she was doing out in the open, and she let out a moan.
JB:Speak to the phone, tell me your name.
Sophie desperately didn't want to, but that just made it more exciting for her.
"My name is..." She thought about saying Beth but knew that could just anger him, "My name is Sophie."
JB:Feels good doesn't it, slut? Keep talking, describe what you're doing.
Sophie couldn't lie; it felt good.
"I'm rubbing my soaking wet pussy in the middle of the park," she said, and then for no reason, spun the phone around to show how public she was. "I'm going to keep rubbing my pussy and fingering myself until I cum right here, no matter what."
Ooooh god!Sophie moaned in her head, realising she was getting even more turned on.
"It feels so good," she moaned quietly, "to be so pubic, my pussy practically on show for anyone to see me... I want someone to see me."
Then, using her juices that leaked out of her, Sophie pressed two fingers deep into her pussy.
"Fuck... yes!" She moaned a little louder. "I'm a slut; I'm fingering myself in a park! And I fucking love it!"
Sophie subconsciously spread her legs wider, allowing her two fingers to move with ease. She was so fucking wet.
After another couple of minutes, she lost control and was fucking her pussy with her fingers.
"Oh fuck, it feels so good to be so public," She moaned. "I want someone to see me, I want them to look and think, what a fucking whore! Because that's what I am."
Sophie recognised these feelings as the same ones when she did that live stream. The feelings quickly engulfed her.
She closed her eyes and bit her bottom lip as she alternated from fingering herself and rubbing her clit.
Then nearby voices jolted her back to reality.
JB:Don't you fucking dare stop!
Sophie didn't know what to do. She couldn't see where the voices were coming from, but they were close and seemed like they were coming closer, but she couldn't stop.
The best she could do was slightly close her legs and try and rub her clit a little more subtly.
Pleasure was still coursing through her body as she rubbed her throbbing clit.
The closer the voices came, the more anxious Sophie got. The more anxious she got, the better her pussy felt.
That was when she realised the bench was at the corner of the park and out of the way, but behind a tree, there was a pathway that led to a street.
Oh fuck!
Her fingers kept rubbing when two men walked into view, no more than twenty feet away.
They were wearing black jogging bottoms and black hoodies, and they almost looked like they were matching.
Sophie spotted them, and then they spotted her. For a few seconds that felt like an eternity, they made eye contact.
"Dude, are you seeing this?" One asked the other.
Sophie didn't stop rubbing her clit. She had slowed down, but the pleasure was still there.
"Is she... you know?" One asked.
Her cheeks burnt red with humiliation. But as degrading as it felt, she just kept going.
Oh my god! They're just watching me! Watching me play with my pussy in public!
Sophie let out a loud moan and heard them both laugh.
That was it. Sophie was getting too turned on.
"I'm fingering myself!" She shouted over at them.
"I can see that, love." One shouted back and laughed.
Oooooh fuuuuccckk!!!
Sophie pressed her two fingers back into her pussy and really started to finger herself. They knew what was going on, so what's the point in hiding it?
She spread her legs wider again and carried on.
"You've not got a room you can do this in?" One shouted and laughed.
Sophie bit her lip to stop from moaning. Having these two men laugh at her as she fingered herself in public was amazing.
"I like... I like to be watched," She told them. "Do you want to watch me?"
They took a few steps closer.
"What was that?" One asked.
"I said, ooh fuck," Sophie moaned. "Please watch me, please watch me finger myself until I cum."
"Are you serious?" One asked.
They kept walking closer and closer.
"Deadly, I love having strangers watch me be a slut in public." Sophie moaned.
Her two fingers were pushing faster and faster into her pussy, making her legs tremble in front of them.
They were only a foot away, watching her small body heave up and down as she fingered herself.
"You're crazy." One said.
"Yeah, but fucking hot." The other joined in.
Sophie relished the compliment and moaned louder.
As Sophie fingered herself faster, moaning in front of these two, she blurted out words she never expected to tell strangers in real life.
"You can film me," Sophie moaned, "record me fingering myself and cumming right here."
"I won't say no to that." One said, and they both pulled out their phones.
Sophie watched as they started to record her, and knowing this, she started to put on a show.
"Oh god, I'm just so horny," Sophie moaned, "and I'm such a slut, I need to be seen!"
"You've convinced me you're a slut." One of them laughed.
"I am!" Sophie moaned and arched her big chest out. "I'm a fucking whore. Oh god, I fucking love it."
She pulled her fingers out and rubbed her throbbing clit, spreading her juices around as these strangers filmed her.
"There's more," Sophie panted. "Go onto a site called RealSluts and search for Beth18. You'll see me being fucked, you'll see me licking another girls pussy and... oh fuuuckk.. and squirting!"
"Fucking hell, I've never met a slag like this one!" One of the lads laughed.
"Oh god... oh fuck yes!" Sophie moaned as her orgasm grew.
She rubbed herself faster and faster as it built up, staring directly into their phones.
"I'm cumming!" She moaned, "I'm gonna fucking cum right here!"
"Do it, you fucking weirdo!" One of them replied.
"Oh fuck. Oh fuck. OOOOH FUUUCCKK I'M CUMMINGG!!!" Sophie shouted a lot louder than she intended to.
Her pussy spasmed as her body started to shake. Her legs locked together and then twitched as an earth-shattering orgasm crashed throughout her young body.
"Fuucckking hellll!!!" Sophie kept moaning and moaning.
The two men watched and filmed the whole thing.
Even as Sophie's orgasm started to die down, she still felt like she was on a massive high. She looked at their crotches and saw they were both hard.
Go on, offer to suck their dicks! Or let them fuck you right on this bench!
She went to speak, to beg them to fuck her... but something stopped her. In her mind, there was a part stopping her from really letting them do it.
After she finally stopped cumming, Sophie pulled her skirt back down and stood up. Both men just stared at her with amazement.
"T-thank you," Sophie whispered, "bye."
She stuck her head down and practically ran out of the park and back home.

--

Beth18:I can't believe you just fucking made me do that!
JB:Calm down, it's only two strangers who saw you. What's the worst that could happen?
Beth18:They could post that video everywhere!
JB:Trust me Sophie, there's much worse of you out there.
He was right, and to be honest, it actually made her feel a bit better. Then he sent her another message.
JB:And I only told you to make yourself cum. You're the one that begged them to film you. Fucking whore.
Sophie's pussy twitched as she read that, knowing it was true.
Why did I do that? Why did I tell them to film me? They could show that to anyone! And it has everything in!

--

When Sophie woke up the next day, she wasn't filled with as much regret as she was after her first live stream. They were complete strangers, and even if they showed their mates the video, it's not like any of them would know Sophie.
But when she checked RealSluts like she always did, she saw that her blackmailer had sent her the video of last night.
Sophie sat back and watched it.
She watched as she fingered herself in the park and listened to her own moans grow louder and louder.
He didn't make me be loud. I could've just quietly came and then gone home.
Then she heard herself shout.
"I'm fingering myself!" On the video.
Oh my god! I'm so fucking pathetic,she thought, but subconsciously, she reached into her pyjama bottoms and pressed a finger against her clit.
Sophie listened as she called herself a slut and begged the men to film her. Then when she watched herself cum in public, she was on the brink of orgasm herself, just as another message came through.
JB:No cumming slut! I know a horny little whore like you was probably getting off to that video.
Sophie hated that he was right, but she weirdly followed his instructions and stopped touching herself.
Beth18:Last day today until you leave me alone.
She still had some fight left in her to get free from this person.
JB:I don't think so. 48 hours takes me to tomorrow at lunch time.
Shit. He's right!
JB:Do you have a butt plug?
Beth18:No, I don't.
JB:Shame, when you beg me to blackmail you tomorrow, we will make sure to get you one.
Cocky prick!
Beth18:Just hurry up and tell me what you want, I have to get to uni.
JB:I know you do. Back to wearing your slutty clothes at Uni. Before going into your lecture, you are to go into the bathroom and edge yourself 10 times. Then when you're finished with your lecture, go back and edge yourself 10 times again.
Beth had a sigh of relief and disappointment to this task. It seemed pretty easy.
The hardest part was that she needed a dark top because anything too light would be see through enough to see the "SLUT" written across her chest that wouldn't wash off.
After a short while, Sophie had straightened her long, brunette hair, applied a little bit of make-up, and then headed out in a black, tight t-shirt and a grey skirt. It wasn't the sluttiest thing she owned, but she was running out of slutty clothes.
When she arrived at school, Sophie had gotten so used to guys stealing glimpses at her nipples poking through her top that she barely noticed it anymore as she walked through the halls.
JB:Block B, girls toilet, 4th cubical. Put it on.
Sophie's lecture was in Block B, which freaked her out because she assumed it meant that this blackmailer knew that as well. But pushing that to the back of her mind, she headed to the bathroom.
They were empty, and she opened the 4thcubical to see a small bag on the hanger of the door.
Opening it up, Sophie let out a loud gasp at what she found.
It was a very tight, very soft black dress. And by dress, it was the bare minimum to be able to call it a dress.
The actual dress looked tiny. Sure, the material was a little stretchy, but Sophie knew this would stick to her body like glue.
Beth18:You can't really expect me to wear this to a lecture? I look like a slut going to a club!
JB:You are a slut. My slut. That's all you're good for. And we both know you're going to love the looks of disgust and lust from everyone that sees you in it.
Sophie didn't take time to think of how he got the dress or even got it into the girl's bathroom. Her lecture was in twenty minutes, and she had to be quick if she was going to fit her edging in.
She quickly ripped off her clothes until she was completely naked.
Then, she unzipped the back of the dress and stepped her feet inside of it. By the time it was up to her thighs, she knew it was going to be a struggle.
"Urgh!" Sophie grunted as she pulled it up past her hips.
Finally, she put her arms into the holes and realized there were no sleaves.
Reaching behind, Sophie struggled to find the zip, and when she did, she then struggled to get it up.
This dress was definitely at least one size too small. Sucking in and using all her strength, Sophie managed to pull the zipper all the way up.
The top of the dress was tight around her throat. It cut down below her shoulders and gave a lot of side boob away. She could also feel that the back was very exposed as well, stopping about a third of the way up her back.
If it wasn't already obvious enough that she wasn't wearing a bra, it was clear as day now.
As she stood there, this dress looked like it was painted on, and Sophie started to get horny.
Then she realised there was something else in the bag.
Oh my god, no he hasn't.
She pulled out a pair of black, thigh high tights. They weren't jet black, but dark.
I can't wear this to a lecture! I'll look like a prostitute!
But as Sophie checked the time on her phone, she realised she was cutting it very close. The last thing she wanted to do was turn up late and have everyone turn around and see her looking like this.
Reluctantly, Sophie put her feet into the tights and pulled them up as high as they could go, which was most of the way up her thigh. However, it was still below where the dress ended, meaning everyone would see.
This is so humiliating.
Even thinking that, Sophie sat down onto the toilet and pulled her short skirt up before pressing her fingers against her clit.
Oh god, they're all going to think I'm dressed like such a slut,She moaned in her head as she played with her wet pussy,I am a slut though, if only they all knew I came in front of two strangers last night.
Sophie's legs twitched at the thought.
Everyone's going to look at me and think, "look at that slut, bet she's just got back from being fucked."
"Oooh." Sophie moaned as she realised she was about to cum and had to stop herself.
After a few seconds, she went back to it.
They will think I'm doing it for attention... well, I guess I am. I want them all to look at me. I want them to think "Sophie is such a slut". Because that's what I am. I'm a worthless slut, I need it!
If only they saw what a slut I was online, then they would know! They would know the real me! Not the Sophie I pretend to be!
By the time that Sophie had finished edging 10 times, she was a mess. Her thoughts of being caught or of someone else finding her videos filled her mind. She desperately wanted to cum, but she also kind of wanted to keep playing this sick game.
She put her regular clothes into the bag that this dress came in and then left the cubical.
She stopped for a moment when she saw her reflection for the first time in a mirror.
The dress was so damn tight! With her hard nipples poking through, it left very little imagination to her tits as they bounced up and down with every movement. Sophie then spun around and checked out her thick, curvy ass that was hugged as tight as possible by the dress. Again, the dress left little to the imagination.
I look... hot.
The door to the bathroom opened, and two girls that Sophie didn't recognise walked in. But they stopped when they saw her and instantly gave funny looks, which just made Sophie's pussy twitch.
With a strange confidence and also a desire to be judged, she walked into the lecture hall and picked her regular seat near the back corner.
Sophie looked around, wondering if she could find her blackmailer looking at her, but it was no luck.
About ten minutes into the lecture, Sophie felt a tap on her bare shoulder, and she turned around to see Jasmin, a girl she sort of knew looking at her.
"Have you just got back from a night out?" Jasmin whispered.
Sophie blushed at the comment.
"No." She whispered back.
"I thought so," Jasmin replied. "My hair's such a state when I get home. I thought, no way you rocked out of bed like that."
Sophie let out a fake laugh to play along.
"I erm, I have a date straight after this." Sophie lied.
"Well, lucky guy." Jasmin replied and sat back in her seat.
Sophie couldn't help but smile.
For the next hour, she saw boys and girls turn in their seats to look at her. What started out as nerves turned into a slutty confidence for Sophie. She loved having them look at her and stare at her chest that was pouring out of this dress, wondering why she was dressed like such a slut.
The longer this went on, the more her pussy yearned for attention.
When it ended, she rushed into the bathroom and locked herself into one cubical just as her phone vibrated.
JB:You look fucking hot! Dirty little slut! Time for your next 10 edges, no cumming!
Sophie was so fucking horny, she didn't have a care in the world as she typed back.
Beth18:Everyone was looking at me! Wondering why I was dressed like such a whore! Oh fuck I'm so horny right now.
JB:Good slut, finger yourself, you pathetic little bitch. But don't you dare fucking cum.
Sophie pulled her dress up and pressed two fingers deep into her soaked pussy.
She had to bite her lip to stop from moaning, not wanting to alert the people just outside of her cubical as to what was going on.
Beth18:Please let me cum! I'm so horny!
JB:Not yet, just keep edging you fucking whore. Disgusting little freak. Getting off on people looking at you, thinking that you're a slut. You love it, don't you.
Beth18:I fucking love it! I want everyone to see me for the slut I am! Not innocent Sophie! I'm a whore who films herself getting fucked! Who gets covered in cum and walks home in it!
Her fingers slide in and out of her pussy, only just managing to stop before cumming.
JB:Oh, when you beg me to blackmail you, then that's when the fun really begins. You're going to do some properly fucked up shit because you're a pathetic little whore.
"Ooooh." Sophie was unable to catch that moan.
The chattering that was going on outside of her cubical stopped for a moment, and Sophie had to bite her lip to stop from moaning again.
Once they carried on, so did Sophie.
Beth18:I want to be a fucked up whore! I want everyone to see it. Let people all over the world see what a depraved freak I am!
Over and over Sophie edged herself until it felt like a gust of wind would make her cum.
Beth18:I've done my 10 edges, please can I cum?
JB:Not yet. Rub your pussy juices over your lips. I want them coated. Send me a picture for proof.
Sophie didn't hesitate. In the state she was in, she knew she would agree to just about anything.
Rubbing her fingers around her soaked pussy but making sure not to cum, Sophie then rubbed them all over her lips.
Instantly her senses filled with her own nectar. It wasn't long until her thick, soft lips felt drenched in her juices.
Taking a photo, she immediately sent it to her blackmailer.
JB:Good girl. Go home.

--

Walking home, Sophie felt like her entire body was on show. She may as well be naked with how tight this dress was with just a thin bit of material that hugged her body, covering her skin.
When she got home, Cara was on the sofa and gave a very shocked look at Sophie,
"What the fuck? Did you go to Uni like that?" She asked and sat up.
Sophie's cheeks burnt red.
"Erm, yeah." She stuttered out.
"W... why?" Cara asked, "Don't get me wrong, you look hot but... you look a bit like a whore."
Sophie's pussy gushed at the word.
"I just.... I don't know, I wanted to feel sexy." She said, which wasn't a complete lie.
"Is something going on that I should know about?" Cara asked.
Her voice was more serious than Sophie had ever heard before.
"What do you mean?" Sophie asked, unable to hide her embarrassment.
"I don't know, hooking up with guys in the middle of the night, getting fingered on the dance floor, fingering yourself on the sofa, youneverwear a bra anymore, and now you go to a lecture dressed like this." Cara said.
Listing off everything Sophie had done both humiliated and excited her.
"This isn't you." Cara told her.
Those three words got Sophie's back up.Like she's one to talk!
"You told me to go wild," Sophie said back, standing up straight and staring at her friend. "You said that I was boring, that I wasn't living my life! Now I am, and you have a problem with it?"
"That's not what I meant," Cara said, keeping her voice calm. "I just don't want you to do anything you'll regret."
"What, like you?" Sophie shot back. "So you get to be a slut, fuck any guy who asks, and dress half naked, but it's not okay for me to do it?"
"Sophie." Cara gasped in shock, Sophie had never once in her life spoken like that to Cara.
Sophie realised in that moment that she had taken it too far. Her anger and defence turned to guilt for what she just said.
"Cara, I'm so sorry!" She said and rushed over to her friend on the sofa, "I don't know why I said that! I didn't mean any of it!"
Cara was visibly upset as well as shocked.
"It's okay," Cara said, "I mean, you're not wrong."
"I am. You're not a slut. Please Cara, I'm so sorry." Sophie pleaded.
"No, it's fine," Cara told her. "I know I can be slutty, and I do think it's good for you to come out of your shell. I just... I never realised it before, but I don't want to be a bad influence on you."
"What?" Sophie asked.
"You're a good girl, Sophie," Cara continued. "You're smart, nice, shy, and that's you. There's nothing wrong with that. You shouldn't want to be like me."
Nice? Shy? A good girl? If only she knew what I had been up to.
Sophie wanted to argue back, but she didn't want to say anything else to upset her friend.
"I'm gonna go to my room." Sophie said and left.
She threw her body onto the bed and let out a huff.
A good girl? Would a good girl post videos of her having sex with another girl online? Would a good girl finger herself in public and let two strangers watch and film it? Would a good girl....
Sophie paused and grabbed her phone.
Beth18:You're right about me. I want it.
JB:You're going to have to be more specific, slut.
Sophie's hands furiously typed back.
Beth18:I want you to blackmail me. I want you to make me do disgusting things I would never be brave enough to do myself. I want to be a complete and total fucking whore!
Sophie's pussy got wetter and wetter as she typed it.
JB:With nearly a full day to spare. Come to this address, now.

--

Sophie said bye to Cara on her way out, telling her she was just going to the cinema on her own. But as she got off the bus and walked to a building she didn't know, her hands were shaking with excitement.
She knocked, and anxiety filled her as the door unlocked and slowly opened.
Her mouth nearly flew open when she saw who was behind it.
Jacob. A huge, beautiful, specimen of a man. Captain of the rugby team. One of the most popular guys you could ever meet, but someone that would normally never look twice at Sophie.
"Come in, slut." He said in his deep, masculine voice.
Sophie stared at his perfect face for a moment. His jaw line that could cut glass. His short, perfectly done brown hair, his beautiful green eyes. Sophie was weak in the knees as she stepped in.
I'm about to be a slut for the best-looking man I've ever laid my eyes on.Sophie couldn't be happier.
He led her into the living room. His place was actually really nice for someone at university and kept very tidy.
"So, what do you want?" He asked.
Sophie actually started to feel nervous standing in front of this man who was a million ranks higher on the social ladder, like a little girl getting smiled at by her crush.
She looked at the floor, and her hands played nervously.
"I... I..." She stuttered.
Then his strong hand held her cheek and lifted her face up to look at him.
"You are going to beg me to blackmail you," He told her, "then you're going to do everything I ever say to you. You're going to be my whore. You're going to suck my dick. I'm going to fuck you. And not just here, wherever I want. If I want to bend you over down an alley, you'll let me. If I want to cover your pretty face in cum and send you home, you'll do so gladly."
Each word sent shivers of excitement through Sophie.
She looked at him, this amazing man, promising her things she never knew she needed.
"There... there has to be limits." Sophie whispered.
"There will be," He told her, "I told you, I'm not a sick man. I don't want to hurt you. I want to make you into the slut you really are."
As she looked at him, knowing that this could change everything... Sophie was horny as fuck.
"Okay." Sophie told him.
"What was that?" He asked and had a smug smile.
"I want it," Sophie told him a little louder. "I want to be a slut! I want you to show me off. Fuck me wherever you want! I want you to blackmail me and risk ruining my life by showing the world who I really am! I want... I want you to fuck me right now!"
Jacob's hand suddenly gripped her throat. He was so much taller than her that Sophie had to arch her neck to look at him. Instinctively her hands grabbed his massive forearms.
"Get on your fucking knees." He ordered.
When he released her, Sophie gasped for air.
Without wasting any more time, she sunk to her knees and reached for the belt on his jeans.
"Enjoy this first time, you fucking whore," Jacob told her. "It's going to get a lot more fun from here."
Finally, his jeans were undone.
Sophie grabbed onto his trousers and pulled them down, slowly watching as his cock came into view and finally... it bounced up.
"Fucking hell!" Sophie gasped.
His cock was fucking huge! So hard, thick, and perfect!
Sophie immediately gripped it with her fingers and stroked it up and down, enjoying the feel of it in her hands.
"I can't believe what a nasty slut you really are," Jacob said as Sophie moved her hand up and down his beautiful dick. "It's always the quiet ones who are the filthiest."
Sophie's pussy twitched, and she looked up at him.
"I want to be the filthiest." She said.
Then, Sophie licked her soft, thick lips, leant forward, and wrapped them around his shaft.
"Mmmm!" Sophie moaned at the delicious taste.
Her wet tongue pressed against his head and circled around, tasting his precum and loving every drop.
"Little Sophie Rain," Jacob laughed, "Just a whore."
"Mmhm." Sophie moaned back as she slowly bobbed up and down.
Her blowjob was slow and sensual, moving her lips up and down as her tongue massaged his head and shaft. His cock kept twitching in her mouth.
I can't believe I'm actually sucking Jacob's cock!
A few minutes into her lovely blowjob, his hands gripped onto her hair. Sophie's pussy twitched with excitement.
His firm hands held her head still.
"Gllg!" Sophie gagged around his cock as he thrusted it down her throat.
"Gllg! Gllg! Gllg!" She gagged over and over as Jacob really started to fuck her face.
She couldn't move. Even when she instinctively tried to pull back, Jacob's hands held her head still as his cock pushed in and out of her mouth.
With every thrust, he forced himself deeper and deeper, and Sophie felt it slide down her throat and back out again. All she could do was keep her mouth open and try and wrap her lips around his cock.
Each thrust made Sophie gag. Her lips blurted open, and spit flew around his cock, splattering across her face and down her chin.
Then his grip tightened, nearly pulling out her hair as he gave one long, slow thrust forward. His cock hit her throat, and Sophie didn't think she could take any more, but Jacob kept pushing.
Another inch slid down her throat, and her throat wrapped around his shaft as it delved deeper and deeper. Sophie was constantly gagging, spit pouring down her chin.
And then, finally, his big, heavy balls rested against her spit covered chin.
"GLLLLGGGGGG!!" Sophie let out one long gag as he held himself down her throat.
"Take it, you fucking whore!" Jacob moaned.
Oxygen was quickly running out in Sophie's lungs. Her eyes felt like they were bulging out of her head, and tears started streaming down as she looked up at him.
"Glllggg!" She groaned and tried to pull back, but he held her still.
Her entire throat felt like it was filled with his wonderful cock, but as she stopped being able to breathe, Sophie panicked.
She kept pulling back, her face turned red, and finally she hit his legs a few times just before Jacob let her go, and Sophie's head flew back.
"Ahhh!" She gasped as more thick spit ran down her chin. "Fuck."
I thought Harry was rough with me... this is even better.
As she sat back on her knees gasping for air, Jacob took another hold of her hair and forced her to look up at him. Her mouth was wide open, covered in spit, and panting while he just smiled.
"Enjoying yourself, slut?" He asked.
Sophie had to take a few deep breaths before she could reply.
"Yes," She panted. "Humiliate me, degrade me, make me feel like a worthless whore."
With his left hand gripping her hair, suddenly... SLAP! Jacob's palm struck across her spit covered cheek.
Nothing too hard, only causing a little wince of pain, but it wasn't the pain that made the difference. Sophie couldn't believe this man had just slapped her! It made her feel so small, so weak, so pathetic.
"Slap me again!" She told him.
Jacob smiled.
SLAP! He struck her a little harder this time.
"Oooh fuck! Fuck me! Please fuck me!" Sophie begged. She didn't care how desperate she sounded. She wanted to sound desperate, she wanted Jacob to have zero respect for her.
"Stay there, you fucking bitch." Jacob said, letting go of her hair.
Sophie was still trying to catch her breath as Jacob walked off. Her face felt like it was glistening with spit, her left cheek a little warm from his slap, but she was hornier than ever.
When Jacob returned, Sophie saw that he had a black marker in his hand.
"What... what are you going to write?" Sophie asked, having no intention of denying him.
"Shut the fuck up." He said.
He gripped her hair again and pulled Sophie's head back so she was facing the ceiling.
When the marker came into view, Sophie started to panic, which just doubled when she felt the tip touch her forehead.
He's fucking writing on my face!
Sophie was afraid of it being hard to wash off, but then,I hope it doesn't wash off! I hope everyone can see whatever he is writing on me!
She kept feeling the marker move against her face, still breathing heavily and spit falling off of her until he was done.
Then he grabbed his phone and aimed it at Sophie, and her instinct was to smile as he took a photo.
"Now you look like the real you." He said and smiled.
"Thank you." Sophie replied.
After that he grabbed Sophie and lifted her into the air. Jacob was so strong it wasn't even a struggle as he carried her through the house. Sophie felt so small and weak in his arms, and she loved it!
When they eventually made it to his bedroom, he threw her down onto the bed.
Sophie was panting out of pure lust, her pussy on fire and desperate to have his cock inside of her.
"Take that dress off." He ordered.
Sophie sat up, managed to unzip the dress, and pulled it off. It wasn't the sexiest strip, given how tight the dress was, but soon she lay there completely naked in front of him.
She watched in awe as he pulled off his shirt, revealing his amazing body. He was so tall, and every inch was covered in muscles. His six pack was a sight that Sophie loved.
Then he climbed on top of her, and Sophie moaned.
He leant down, pressing his lips against hers.
"Mmm!" Sophie moaned.
His tongue pressed into her mouth, and Sophie found herself making out with the hottest man she'd ever met.
She wrapped her thick legs around him, their naked bodies pressed together as they passionately made out.
"Fuck me..." Sophie panted, "Fuck me, please."
Jacob smiled.
"Are you going to be an obedient slut for me?" He whispered and bit her bottom lip.
"Yes," Sophie moaned as she grabbed onto his muscular back, digging her nails into him while his cock tapped against her pussy. "I'll be a good slut. I'll be the filthiest, dirtiest most disgusting girl in the world for you."
Her body was heaving against him as his cock pressed against her pussy.
"Do whatever you want to me," she moaned and gripped onto his back again. "Fuck me in public... humiliate me to everyone... expose meeeeeeeeee!"
His cock pressed inside of Sophie's pussy, and her lips gripped around his thick, hard cock.
He was so big that she felt like he was ripping her open, and Sophie kept gasping as inch after inch impaled inside of her.
"Oh god, fuck, fuck you're so big!" Sophie moaned.
Jacob lifted himself up and stared down at her.
"Get used to it, cunt." He whispered.
Finally, he thrusted the last few inches deep into Sophie's pussy.
"Urrrhg fuuucckk yeeess!" She moaned.
With Jacob holding himself up above her, Sophie just laid back and stared at his amazing body. Her legs lifted into the air around him as he started to fuck her.
It was not soft, sensual sex. Jacob went straight into fucking Sophie like the dirty whore she wanted to be.
"Yes! Fuccckk yees! Fuck me! Fuck this little cunt!" She kept moaning.
One of Jacob's hands grabbed her tits and squeezed them, pulling on her nipples as he fucked her.
"What sort of respectable person likes this!" He laughed as his big cock ruined her soaked pussy.
"A fucking whore!" Sophie shouted, "A worthless, pathetic, cum craving slag!"
Her legs were bouncing around in the air as this giant, beast of a man fucked her with every inch of power he had. Sophie just felt like a ragdoll getting impaled by a giant cock.
When he came down to kiss her again, Sophie couldn't stop from wrapping her limbs around him and forcing his cock even deeper into her desperate cunt.
"OOOOH FUUUCCK MEEE!" Sophie kept screaming.
His big balls slapped against her at every thrust.
"OH FUCK ME! FUCK THIS FUCKING WHORE! YOU'VE SEEN HOW I LIKE IT ONLINE! I'M JUST A FUCKING CUNT TO BE FUCKED!" She kept shouting.
His cock was fucking perfect. Sophie's cunt gripped around it as her body exploded in pure pleasure underneath him.
"FUUUCCK I'M FUCKING CUMMING!!!!" She shouted at the top of her lungs.
Sophie's pussy gushed around his cock as he battered into her pussy, her orgasm never seeming to end.
Jacob pulled her legs over his shoulders, practically folding her small body in half as he fucked her even harder. In this position he felt like his cock was in her stomach as he fucked her.
Sophie was just letting out animalistic noises of pure pleasure.
"FUCK ME! FUCK ME! I'M GONNA CUM AGAIN! OOOH FUCK I LOVE BEING A SLUT!" She kept moaning.
Jacob never stopped once as he fucked her as hard as possible, harder than Sophie had ever experienced in her life.
"FUUUCKK YEESSSS I'M CUMMING!!" She shouted, "I'M CUMMING BECAUSE I'M SUCH A FUCKING WHORE!"
Her entire body shook around his, her pussy clenching around his cock.
Jacob's moans got louder, and Sophie sensed he was getting close to cumming.
Suddenly he pulled out of her gaping, dripping pussy and climbed over her body. Her big tits squished under his thighs as he stroked his cock inches from her face.
"Cover me in cum!" Sophie moaned. "Cum all over my face like the whore I am. Make me look like a real slut!"
"Oooh fuuucckk!" Jacob grunted.
The first shot of cum hit Sophie's forehead, thick, hot, creamy cum striking her face.
Another went into her hair, then on her cheek, and then her lips. Over and over Jacob's cock erupted gallons of cum that covered every inch of Sophie's face, a lot of it coating her hair as well.
When he was finished, her face felt like a thick layer of cum covered it.
Both were panting, and Sophie was still getting twitches of pleasure from being treated like this.
"Fucking hell," Jacob panted. "I still can't believe what a slut you are."
Sophie smiled, as he watched her finger move some cum and push it into her mouth.
"Mmm delicious." She whispered.
Jacob moved around, and Sophie stayed still until he brought his phone out again.
"Just a reminder of who you really are." He said.
Sophie lay there, completely naked, legs spread open, face covered in cum, and some writing on her forehead as she smiled for his phone. Jacob took a few photos of her full body, then one of just her cum covered face.
He left the room for a minute then and returned with a glass of water.
"Here you go." He said.
Maybe he isn't just a sadistic guy after all,Sophie thought as she smiled and took the drink.
She gulped it down, not realising how thirsty she was.
"Right, I have training tomorrow morning," Jacob said after a few minutes, "Go home."
Oh right, what was I expecting? To stay and cuddle? No, that's not what this is, I'm just a slut.
Sophie managed to pull the tight dress back on, which she didn't feel the sexiest doing in front of him.
"Erm," Sophie said and looked at him, "Can I..."
Having cum and with her lust died down, Sophie fell back to her shy, awkward self. Standing in front of this amazing, naked man, Sophie felt like an idiot.
"Spit it out." He told her.
"Do you have anything I can clean my face with please?" She asked, her cheeks burning with embarrassment.
Jacob smiled and laughed.
"Nope," He told her, and Sophie's heart sank. "You're going home, just like that."
"What?" Sophie asked, not sure if he was being serious.
"Go home, with my cum all over your face," He told her, "and I want a photo when you're back home as proof."
Sophie couldn't believe it,I have his cum all over me! My face, my hair! God knows what he's written on my forehead!
But the more she thought about it, the more she liked it! Sophie wanted people to see her like this, to humiliate her.
"Okay." She said.
Jacob was nice enough to walk her to his front door, and Sophie then left.

--

Getting on the bus was the first act of humiliation for Sophie.
The female bus driver wasn't looking at first.
"Where to?" She said.
Then as she turned and looked at Sophie, Sophie felt the very moment she realised what was on her face.
Dressed like this, cum all over me, there's no way she doesn't think I'm a prostitute.
"Just into town please." Sophie said, trying to keep her head down.
She paid the fee and went to the back of the bus, trying to stay out of sight. There were three others on the bus, all giving her funny looks as she walked past.
I literally look like a prostitute! Oh god this is so fucking humiliating!! I love it!
She thought about getting her phone and seeing what was written on her forehead. But Sophie thought it would only make things worse, at least not knowing she could pretend it wasn't bad.
Then, 10 minutes into the trip it got worse.
A group of 4 guys got on the bus together.
No, no, no! Please don't see me!
Sophie kept her head down and pressed against the side of the bus.
For a minute or two nothing happened, and then she heard it.
"Woah, you guys seen her?" She heard one whisper.
He obviously didn't want Sophie to hear, but she did.
"Mate, is that... cum?" He asked, "In her hair?"
"And it's all over her face, see it dripping down her dress?" Another said.
Sophie could hear them laughing. Her entire being felt humiliated and degraded.
Part of her wanted to curl into a ball and just wish them all away, but another part wanted to shout, "Yeah I'm a fucking slut!".
Fortunately for Sophie, they got off the bus before she said anything to them.

--

Finally back home, Cara was in her room, so Sophie rushed to hers.
She grabbed her phone and went to take a selfie. Then she saw it.
"SLUT".
Written in bold, black letters covering her entire forehead.
There were big piles of cum all over her head, and her face was literally glazed with his cum.
She took a photo, smiling and sent it to Jacob.
Not long ago I had slept with a total of 3 men. Now, I'm on 6 men and 1 woman!
Then, as she lay in her bed, Sophie realised how horny she still was.
I've made myself cum in public as strangers watched and filmed me... I agreed to be blackmailed, no, asked to be blackmailed... I let him fuck me like a complete whore... I went out in public with cum all over me and slut written across my head...
Her left hand reached into her dress and slowly played with her clit as her right hand was on her phone.
She received a message from Jacob with all of the photos he had taken.
Sophie stared at the one of her smiling, her face and hair covered in cum and "SLUT" written across her forehead.
This is who I am. I'm a slut. I want everyone to know. Jacob's already found out, fuck it. I want this! I want them all to see what a pathetic whore I am!
Still playing with her clit, Sophie uploaded that photo onto RealSluts and typed a caption to go with it.
"About time I revealed my face properly. Here I am in my natural state, Big Slut Beth."
Then, Sophie posted it.
As soon as it finished posting Sophie came for the third time that night.