This corner seems nice, I'll set up camp here, Sophie thought as she flattened her back against the wall. Her strapless black cocktail dress scooped down in the back and she shuddered as her skin made contact with the cool wallpaper.
The party continued on around her, and she observed the small clusters of mingling guests. Women whose body language suggested they wanted nothing more than to get away from the guy flirting with them, and other women who seemed to want the exact opposite.
Despite what anyone wanted at this event, all partygoers were expected to behave with the utmost refinement. The law firm in which Sophie was one of the partner's secretaries was having their annual fundraising formal tonight. She was expected to bat her eyelashes at the beneficiaries, do just about whatever it takes to hike up the donation amount.
Sophie wasn't feeling especially seductive tonight though, so she decided being the wallflower was for the best. She huffed a strand of shimmering silver hair out of her face and sipped at her champagne. Unfortunately her plan was failing because a tall, dark and dangerous man noticed her. He straightened his royal blue tie and made his way to the other side of the room, weaving between middle aged women adorned in gaudy peach or maroon bows and elevated round tables cloaked in pristine white cloths until reaching his destination. Almost hidden behind the satin curtains stood the object of his desire, porcelain skin and all curves, deep emerald eyes with heavy dark lashes.
"You don't look like you're having much fun..."
Sophie was startled and snapped her head up, seeing a square jaw accompanied by a confident smirk. He combed his fingers through raven black waves, past his short undercut, then resting his hand on the back of his neck.
"Oh I'm just...no I'm really not," she laughed melodically, shifting her weight to one hip.
"You know...one of the caterers let slip they have cheese puffs in the kitchen. You want in?"
"Mm scandalous...I think I'll need your name before such an endeavor..."
"Eric."
"Sophie," she told him as he lifted the back of her hand to his lips.
He slid the tip of his index finger down her spine before resting his hand on the small of her back and leading her through the crowd. They slipped inside the swinging doors and Eric nodded at one waitress, who gave him an apologetic wince.
"You were too late, we finished them off."
"Bummer," Sophie let out an exaggerated sigh. Eric turned to her and regained his smirk.
"What's going to satisfy me now? Have any ideas...?" He purred, placing an arm on the wall over her head and leaning in close.
"I think I see some cheetos over there...?"
Eric snorted and shook his head before taking hold of her wrist and swiftly pulling her back out of the kitchen. Rather than returning to the party, he lead her along the outside of the crowd and took a sharp corner where an alcove concealed a door. He twisted open the doorknob and Sophie peered in to see a small closet. Due to all the fur and expensive brand labels, it was obvious this was where the staff kept the guest's coats.
"Hurry before someone notices."
Eric nudged her inside and closed the door behind them.
"What are we doing in here?"
"Getting away from the pretentious assholes," he whispered.
"I'm all for that," she giggled.
"And...I don't think I can keep my hands off you anymore." He growled.
Sophie's eyes widened and she blinked up at him, a little confused.
"I was trying to be a wallflower."
"You got my attention anyway."
He brushed his fingertips across her jaw and down her neck, stepping closer until his chest pinned her to the wall.
"I don't really know you though..." she gasped as he lips grazed her ear.
"I'm hurt, you don't remember me? I came into your office just last week and flirted endlessly with you. Of course you were so busy you didn't even look up from your monitor."
"Oh I'm sorry! I had no idea!"
"Ssh!"
"Sorry!"
"But I have you now..."
Then his lips were on hers and Sophie melted. He removed the butterfly pin from her hair and let the striking silver locks cascade over her shoulders, wrapping his hand in it and gently pulling her head back. His tongue lapped at her closed lips until she parted them and accepted him into her. Sophie snaked her hands past his gray blazer and up his toned chest.
This is insane...but it feels so right...
"Sophie..." His voice was ragged as he pulled away from her mouth, "What do you want me to do to you..?"
"I...I want..." she began as he scaled her hips and upward until he reached her breast.
"Hn?' He urged, nipping at the sensitive skin of her neck.
"I..." She lost her words as he tugged down the top of her dress and latched onto the rosy bud, circling his tongue around it. Sophie gasped and rested her hands on his shoulders, pushing him back before kissing him again.
"I want to do something to you first..."
Feeling brave, more so than she'd felt possibly ever in her life, Sophie lowered to her knees and fumbled with his buckle as Eric shrugged off his blazer and began working the buttons of his shirt.
Sophie grinned at the sight of his hardened bulge, struggling to be freed from the confines of his boxer briefs. Once she pulled the elastic down over it, she gently licked up the underside of the shaft. Eric steadied himself against the wall and took a deep breath. She ever-so slowly stretched her lips over the tip before fully enveloping him. It was a feat, but she managed not to choke, and pulled back again. She raked her fingernails up his thighs and picked up her pace, bobbing her head rhythmically and groaning. The vibrations from her voice sent a chill up his spine and he grunted, firmly clutching a handful of her hair.
"Fuck..." he growled as she clasped her fingers around the base, stroking along with her mouth.
Suddenly, he pulled away and Sophie almost whimpered. She stood and he turned her around, making quick work of the zipper to her dress and discarding it before kneeling.
"What are you-"
"I'm going to make you cum first..." he purred, putting pressure on her back to bend her over, giving him better access.
His tongue lightly flicked her clit and Sophie called out.
"Try to keep your voice down..." he said before dipping in again with determination, almost as if he was testing her. She clasped a hand over her mouth as Eric spread her wide, then stretched his thumb to inch it inside her.
"Oh god..." Sophie murmured.
Eric grinned deviously, and went even faster. Before long, Sophie's knees buckled and she stifled her moans as best as she could while an orgasm coursed through her. She turned to face him again as he stood, brushing her hair away from her face. His index finger grazed her bottom lip before sliding inside her mouth. She sucked gently and he lifted her right leg, hooking it over his arm as he guided his cock inside her. Sophie moaned, her tongue still lapping at his finger. Eric grinded his hips against hers before pulling out and slamming back in again. Her mouth opened wide as she called out a little too loudly.
"Sshh...just keep sucking..." he groaned, inserting another finger before rapidly pounding into her.
"Mnh..." Eric threw his head back as he continued to buck his hips. He withdrew his fingers from Sophie's mouth and pulled out of her, taking a hold of her other leg and hoisting her up. She braced herself against the wall, then he was inside her again. He fucked her faster and faster, gripping her hips as hard as he could.
"Ah! Eric...oh god..."
"I'm gonna cum...!"
"God yes, fuck me, fuck me!"
He buried his cock inside her once more, a growl erupting from his throat. He slipped out of her and Sophie sunk to the floor, chest heaving. Eric knelt in front of her, cradling her face as he kissed her.
"Next time...you stop by the office...maybe we can grab lunch?" She asked between heavy breaths.
"Or...I can take you to my place and we can grab breakfast tomorrow..."
"I like that better."