Author's note:
All characters over eighteen.
Part 3 of 6.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 13
Orange light from nowhere hangs above.
Our shoes sit in a pile next to the oversized tub, except for one of my sister's that's exiled in front of the bathroom door.
I thread in the metal screw, and the cork bursts out with a bright pop. Several fingers of red splash into two stemless wine glasses, and I hand one to my sister. She clinks my glass and we sip.
She wraps the towel around herself. But not really. She's wields it more like a cloak.
Then my sister pulls hard from her drink. She stares at me over the rim, and a smile creeps across her lips.
"I need your help with something." She sets the glass next to the open bottle by her bag on the table.
I stare into the green. She looks at my drink, then back at me.
The remainder of my wine departs, and I clang the glass next to hers. She rips off her towel and throws it against the TV, then tears the covers off the nearer of the two colossal beds. The top blanket, and the one underneath both tumble into a heap at the foot. My sister takes my hand, and pulls me onto the sheets. From her force, this is not optional. She tugs at my clothes as we climb, and I'm glad she's already taken care of her impossible jeans.
My sister watches me, silent and still. So I spin her around on her knees, and squish the side of her face into a pillow. I push myself inside her, and she breathes out, rocking back against me.
The orange light glows over our white linen platform, as I pump back and forth. She matches my rhythm. I unstick my palm from her face, and wrap my fingers around her hair, pulling her neck back. My sister groans, and pushes against me harder. She's rubbing herself underneath with one hand, propped up on her elbow with the other, though I hold most of her weight by the tether I'm grasping.
Her breathing quickens, and she rubs faster, as I try to match her speed. My sister tightens around me, and she whimpers. I've gotten careless with my grip on her head, and I'm jerking her around as I race to catch up, then she's limp in my hands when I fill her.
I collapse next to her, and she springs back to life. My sister rolls on top of me, and kisses my lips, spreading her fingers wide on both sides of my face. Then she jumps off the bed, and begins pouring more wine.
I'm staring at the orange glow coming from I'm not sure where in the ceiling.
A glass with three fingers of red materializes in front of my face. I take the offering and sit up against the pillow. Over on the table, the bottle is nearly gone.
"How much wine did you bring?" I ask.
"Plenty." My sister drains her glass, and climbs on top of me. "We're doing this like ten more times tonight."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 14
We stop running when we reach the gravel. I'm out of breath and my sister is stumbling.
I'd let go of Jessica at the other side of the bridge, and we came back down an alley behind the shops. Luckily we didn't see Kirsten or Dad anywhere when we crossed the main road. On the way out to dinner, my sister and I had scurried out the front door, to avoid answering any questions my mother might have. Now the house sits dark behind a single glowing porch light.
"Is Mom working tonight?" asks Jessica.
"No, this is her night off." I try the door, and it's locked, so I slip in my key.
Jessica tosses her bag down on the kitchen table, and I parade down the hall clicking lights.
"Does she always leave notes for you?"
"Just if she wants me to do something when she's out."
Jessica lifts a coffee mug off a piece of paper, and reads. "Mom says, 'I'm going out tonight. I'll be back tomorrow. Please lock up.'" My sister looks at me. "Where would she go? It's 9 PM on a Friday. Is she seeing someone?"
"Not that I know of."
"We could text her. Oh, fuck, what if Dad already told her?"
"I don't think so. I'm pretty sure he didn't see us. And she wouldn't stay out all night for that."
"Probably not."
"I guess we have the house tonight," I say. "Whatever that's worth."
"I need to be in my bed right now." Jessica returns the coffee cup to its station above the note, and drags her bag off the edge of the table.
"Can I come sit with you?"
"Mm-hmm."
I lock the kitchen door and extinguish all the lights I'd only just lit. Then I'm leaning against my sister's doorway watching her toss two black shoes with tall finger-wide heels on the floor. She curls up at the head of her bed with her knees tucked under her arms.
"Can we talk, or do you want to wait?" I push the door shut. There's nobody home, but it seems like the thing to do.
"Now, I guess." She sits up and leans against the headboard.
"Does Dad have photos of me up at his office? Or on his phone? Does he ever show off family?"
"No, you know Dad." Jessica's voice drips with scorn. "If he were to put a photo up, it would be of himself."
"So there's no way Kirsten knows what I look like."
"I don't think so, but she knows me. The question is if she thinks I saw Dad there and them going at it."
"What would she do?"
"I guess she'd say, 'Oh Emm Gee, your daughter is over there and saw you squeezing my tits.'"
"And Dad would do what?"
"Deny it, until he can't anymore. Then do something drastic. Like he did to Mom."
My sister keeps turning her head back and forth, and I realize I'm pacing at the foot of the bed.
"What if Dad saw us, though?" says Jessica. "The worst of it."
"If he did, there's not much we can do. But I really don't think he saw us. He was back by the rose bushes on a call or something."
"What about when we were on the street?"
"The crowd was in the way."
Jessica stretches her legs out and crosses them at the ankles. "Would Mom kick us out if he told her about us?"
"I don't think so. But I don't know. What would Dad do to us? How drastic would he be?"
"Depends. If he could work it into some justification, maybe nothing. Then again, he could cut us off. No more school."
"Would he get me fired from work?"
"If it he thought it would make him look bad, yes, in a heartbeat."
I pinch my eyes shut, and squeeze my temples with my thumbs.
"Okay," says Jessica. "let's assume Kirsten saw me with just some guy, and told Dad that. That's actually not that bad."
I pry my eyes open, and force myself to stand still. The hem of Jessica's dress is scrunched up nearly to her waist, giving me a tall view of her naked legs. I try not to think about it.
"If he's just fucking another coworker, as horrible as that is to say, he'll probably just want to bury this." Jessica leans off the headboard. "He'll swear Kirsten to secrecy under pain of no deep dicking, or whatever, and that will be that."
"He'll either want to bring it up, or he won't." I sit down at the foot of the bed. "Meaning, we'll either hear from him, or we won't."
"Yes. And you're very sure he didn't see us?"
"Yeah, there's no way. He was on his phone, and then he was all over her."
"Okay, so we assume Kirsten saw me, plus somebody I was kissing."
"What are you going to say if he brings it up?"
Jessica shrugs. "I met somebody here. We went out for dinner once, and that's it."
"I just realized we left without picking up our food."
"Maybe they gave it to the horny werewolves."
My sister stares at her feet, outstretched toward me.
"You okay?" I ask.
"My feet hurt. From running." She glares at the pile of footwear beside the bed.
"Do you wear heels like that much?"
"Just when I want to be fancy." The last word comes out as a defeated laugh.
"Want me to rub your feet?"
"I won't yell at you, if you do."
I climb up on the bed next to Jessica's knees, and take hold of her foot. I don't have a clue what I'm doing, so I just rub the arch, and push the tight parts.
"Can you go a little harder?"
I work my thumb into her heel, and Jessica groans.
"Harder, please."
I work in deeper, as my sister lays on her side. She closes her eyes and groans like I'm touching a different part of her. I continue with her foot for some time, before switching to the other one, but my hands don't last as long as I expect, and I have to quit.
"Any better?"
"Mm-hmm. Thank you."
I'd originally wanted to fuck Jessica in that yellow dress as quietly as possible, in case Mom was awake. But those plans are long gone. I lay down next to her and stare at the ceiling. Paint peels away in the corners.
"I don't know what we're doing, Alex."
"Like, with Dad?"
"All of this. The things we do. This stuff." She waves her hand between us in the air, pointing to us laying on her bed.
"You want to stop?"
"You'd drop me, just like that?" She sounds hurt.
"No, I-- That's not what I meant."
"Sorry." My sister sighs. "Everything is confusing. I can't keep it straight in my head. You shouldn't just dump a girlfriend though."
I look at Jessica's face. She opens her eyes, and pinches her eyebrows together, as if she doesn't understand her own words.
"Oh. Fuck." Jessica rolls against me, and crosses her leg between mine.
Getting to know my sister.
The early blue dawn pools through Jessica's window. She lays ensconced in her purple comforter, and I shiver next to her with no blankets. I lean over the edge of the bed as gingerly as I can, and step out into the hallway.
Mom's bedroom hasn't been touched. No messages on my phone, but the day can still direct many horrors my way. I look for a Pop-Tart, but we're out, then I put on a pot of the African Royalty coffee, and stop by my room to find my robe. The bedrooms have old baseboard heaters that take forever to get warm, so I turn mine to full, and tie my robe over my clothes.
I station myself at the table waiting for the coffee to brew and thumb through texts on my phone. Regular texts, and blue dot texts, alike. Rachel still lurks in there, for some reason. I open Dad's message window, and the last text is from ages ago about something I've long since forgotten. He'll no doubt be in contact today, though likely through my sister. I feel a little better about things, after sleeping on it, but I still have no idea where this is headed.
She called herself my girlfriend.
The coffee pot beeps to inform me it's finished, then the hiss of the shower spreads across the house. I take two mugs down the hall, and knock on the door.
"You can come in."
I open the door wide, and set one cup on the counter, then lean against the doorframe listening to the splashing sounds. The orange aroma overpowers me, and gives my coffee a different flavor.
I say, "I kind of like that stuff now."
"What stuff?"
"That orange wash."
"Told you."
The splashing continues for a while, and I stand with my coffee under my nose.
"I figure," says my sister from behind the curtain, "Dad will probably text or even call me, if he's going to bring it up."
"What are you going to say?"
"I'll just let him talk and tighten whatever stupid story he weaves around himself, and I'll use the cover story of the 'date boy' if I have to. No way to know when it might be. He's not really attached to his phone like most people." The water shuts off with a clunk, and Jessica reaches for a towel.
"Sounds good."
"And then we'll just... see?" Jessica steps out, naked and dripping. She scrubs her hair with the towel.
"I brought you that." I point my mug at the one on the counter.
"Ooh, thank you." She wipes her sides once, then tosses the towel over the curtain. Jessica smooches me quickly, then turns to her coffee on the counter. I groan when she lifts the mug.
Jessica smirks, and sets the coffee down without taking a sip. She locks her fingers behind my head, and kisses my lips, leaning her full weight into me. I stumble back out of the doorway, into the hallway mirror, barely staying on my feet. I pull her hips against me with one hand, trying to balance both of us, while also not spilling my coffee. Her skin slips under my fingers, but I manage to keep us both standing.
"That tastes good," says Jessica. She lets go of me, but I still hold her waist. My sister leans back in for another taste, before pulling her head away once more. "Can I drink my own now? Or do I need to kiss you for like 20 minutes?"
I let go, having gotten more than I was after, and watch Jessica don her robe. Next, it's my turn to use the orange suds, and then I'm standing on the bathmat wrapped in my robe, drying my hair with a towel.
Jessica appears in the doorway, grinning ear to ear.
"What's up?" I ask
"I just got a text from, well, guess who?"
"Not Dad, or you'd be making a different face."
"No, but you're close."
"Mom?"
"Yes. She's not coming home today."
"What the fuck? Where is she?"
"She says..." Jessica lifts her phone and reads. "'I'm staying at the beach again tonight. Take care of things. I'll be back tomorrow.'" She lowers her phone.
"What is she doing?"
"I asked her, and she says she's having a wonderful time wine tasting with Phil. Who is Phil?"
"I have no idea." I throw the towel over the shower curtain.
"Well, she's having a good time drinking wine with him. And it's not even noon."
"She's never done anything like this."
Jessica stands in the doorway while I mess with my hair. It's usually low maintenance, but for some reason today it won't behave, and keeps sticking up in the middle. The more I mess with it, the more it sticks up. My sister watches me work, still in her robe, towel on her head, phone in hand. She stows her phone in the robe pocket and holds out her hand, palm up, like she wants me to hand her something. And she still has that stupid grin on her face. She closes and opens her hand twice, so I take hold of it.
Then I'm pulled down the hall into my bedroom.
Two palms strike my chest, and I'm falling back onto my bed. I bounce off the springs, and my sister crashes on top of me. Her robe vanishes sometime during my reverse flight, and she quickly unfastens mine. Long wet streaks rain down on my face when she leans over and kisses me. My sister pushes all the buttons she knows to get me hard. It doesn't take long, and then she's riding on top of me, door open, bathroom fan still on, robes and towels tossed every which way.
I hold her hips while she works herself front to back on me. Jessica palms my chest, occasionally leaning over to meet my lips. I briefly consider turning her over, but this is her party. I've done the same thing to her a bunch of times. She gets where she wants to go, tensing, and shaking on top of me. After she recovers, she goes back at it.
"Is this safe?" I start to get close. "We always do this."
Jessica's eyes are pinched shut, as she sits tall, moving back and forth on me. "Mom's gone all day."
"No, I mean, we never use protection."
"I have an IUD." She twists her hips, and it's almost too much.
"Is that enough?" If I were more responsible, I'd have asked her about this ages ago.
"It's really good. I got it after--" Her hair freezes my chest when she leans over to kiss me. "I love it when you cum in me."
She gets what she wants quickly after that.
Then we're laying in my bed, wet from the shower, and everything else. Jessica twists my hair, and pulls strands of it around, like she's arranging flowers in a vase.
I say, "Yeah, it's all messed up."
"You've got a blond swirl thing going on. If anyone asks..." My sister rolls on top of me and arcs her back, pushing her breasts into my chest in an exaggerated show. She spreads her fingers wide, and presses her palms against my temples, while she looks in my eyes. "Just say a girl fucked you while your hair was wet."
"Should I tell them who it was?"
Something rattles on the floor.
It rattles again. Then a third time, and several more.
"Is that your phone?" I ask.
"Oh fuck, that could be Dad." Jessica peels herself off my chest, and scoops up her robe under my doorway, freeing her phone from the pocket. "Unknown number. Voicemail." She holds the phone to her ear.
I watch her face, and the wheels behind the green turn. She listens for some time, before lowering her phone.
"That wasn't Dad. That was Kirsten."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 15
I lean over and pay the cab driver, while my sister lofts above us from the curb.
Then we're glaring at the restaurant side by side, but she's still taller than me. Jessica wears an ankle-length sleeveless black dress, while I called it good when I found a clean shirt with a collar. But I'm also not looking to attract attention.
"How bad is it?" I wave my hand over my hair above my ear. I can't tell if it feels any different with the dye in it.
She cocks her head back and frowns, then makes tweezers with two fingers on top of my head. "Okay, you look good."
Jessica poses with her hand on her hip, jutting her elbow out at an angle. I want to take her by the arm, but we're trying to act normal. This is the same pose she was making in the kitchen when we hatched our plan.
"That was the weirdest hour of my life," said my sister.
"How bad is it?"
"I... don't know." Jessica drops her purse and phone on the table, and walks over to the sink. "They don't know about us. At least, I don't think they do."
"Okay, that's good. So, what did you talk to Kirsten about?"
"A whole lot of nothing, mostly." Jessica takes two steps toward the door, stopping in front of the coffee pot, then turns around. "She talked about Dad a bit, without ever mentioning what they'd been up to. It was more like work stuff. Some project they're on, with payroll and new hires and whatnot. I just had to sit there and act agreeable."
"Did she mention me?"
"Yes, but not how you think. I don't think she recognized you, but she did ask about my date." Jessica puts her hands on her hips, and continues her walk. "Made a comment that I seemed pretty into him, but I played it off. I just about said "my brother" at one point. I should get an Oscar for that part."
"So what--"
"I'm not done. This is where it gets weird. She wants me to go to dinner tonight with her and Dad, and asked me to bring my boyfriend." Jessica unties her hair, and pulls her fingers down it, like she's playing a harp. She paces back and forth, as she works her hair. "I didn't say 'yes' for you. But I told them I would go. You don't have to do this. The way it sounded, Dad wants to see us, in some fucked up normal capacity, and she's a tag along as his business partner... I think."
"There's so much wrong with all that."
"I know, but I can say you're busy or something. I'll go run interference."
That's quite an offer, coming from my sister.
"No," I say. "I'll go."
"Won't she recognize you?"
"Maybe. But I've got a stupid idea."
"You okay?" My sister stands tall with her hand on her hip, next to the valet podium. Something about her at that height is hot, but I try not to think about it.
"Yeah. Let's do this."
We gloss through the frosted glass double doors of the restaurant, over thick dark carpet, and pass between two ceiling-high water tanks filled with bright striped fish of every imaginable color. Red lighting strips line the sides of the entrance under the tanks, and stretch out wider as we reach a chest-high desk in front of a fountain. A hidden source of light under the water gives the sprouting water a crimson glow, making it look like an aquatic rose. A man with a black suit and a red tie informs us that our party sits at the bar, and we can join them, or head to our table. Our choice. I look at Jessica, while the maître d' waits.
"The table, please," says my sister.
We follow the host down several steps into the main dining hall, bathed in dim light from something above I can't locate. Each table also hosts a flickering centerpiece. Forks scraping, and plates clanging occasionally interrupt the hum of mingling diners. It smells like fish and candles. The dark carpet under my feet squishes more, and I step on the side of my shoe, but manage to keep from twisting my ankle. White tablecloths adorn every surface, and paintings of red poinsettia leaves stretch out in waving vines down each wall. Diners occupy nearly every table on the floor, and I scan for familiar faces.
Everyone in this room is dressed better than me.
As I'm looking at the far side, I realize I'm staring at the woman from the park bench, and my dad is next to her. They lean on barstools in front of the opposite glass wall of the restaurant, which overlooks the river. Spots of light from the east side of the city shimmer in the dark water behind them. Dad wears a black jacket over a white shirt and black tie, and has his dark hair slicked back. Kirsten sits next to him, at the edge of her stool. She leans in close, saying something, then roars back, gesturing in a laugh while nearly spilling the red martini in her hand. An emerald green dress hangs around her neck, and grows darker as it descends, becoming fully black around her ankles. One of her bare shoulders pokes out of the side of the neckline, while the rest of her remains covered. The dress faintly sparkles when she laughs, and I can't tell if it's supposed to fit like that.
"Fucking hell," mutters Jessica under her breath.
The maître d' leaves us at the table, then whisks away to notify the rest of our party down at the bar. Dad seems surprised to be disturbed, and Kirsten jolts off her stool enthusiastically at the news. I catch Dad's stare, and he turns back to the host, then picks up a glass of something brown off the bar. My sister and I stand across the table as our companions approach from the other side. Dad holds a level eye with me, while Kirsten wobbles and tries to keep the contents of her drink from sloshing out of the glass. She towers over all of us.
"I thought you said your boyfriend wasn't coming?" Kirsten sets her drink and a shiny green handbag on the table across from Jessica. The purse sparkles the same as her dress.
"Hi, I'm Alex." I hold out my hand.
Kirsten looks at me, takes my hand, then drags her eyes around my face, like she's working a math problem in her head. "Oh. Alex. Sorry."
Dad reaches in his coat pockets one by one, pulling out a folded piece of paper, then he hands his jacket to a man nearby. My father sits in front of me, placing a vat of liquor next to his plate, then he leans to the side, and reaches into his pants pocket.
"Here." Kirsten lifts a phone out of her purse, and hands it to my father, trading it for the paper he's holding. It looks like some kind of list. Her dress slides down, exposing more of her shoulder, and she pulls the neckline back up.
"Nice of you to meet us here," says Dad. He pockets the phone. "I thought it would be good to catch up."
The rest of us take our seats.
"I haven't met..." I motion as politely as I can at Kirsten.
"Oh." Dad takes a gulp of water. "Yes. Kirsten's the new big shot at Corvis. We have great new things going. Kirsten, my son Alex."
Kirsten looks at me and sloshes some red drink into her mouth.
"Alex works there too." Jessica's voice is flat. I was going to let that part slide.
"It's a great place. There's a lot going on."
"What did you want to see us about?" Jessica stares at our father diagonally across the table.
"Catch up, chat a bit. Have you been getting the checks for school deposited okay?" He gestures with his glass of brown.
"Yeah, sure." My sister does not seem amused.
"Why paper checks?" I ask.
"It's from an investment company of mine."
"Of yours?" asks Jessica.
"Well." Dad gulps some of his drink. "One that I use."
"But, why paper?" I repeat my question.
"It's a tax thing. The way it's structured I get a break if I do it that way. Only if it's for education though. It's sort of like a charity."
"We're a charity?" Now I'm the one who's not amused.
"No, but it's like that for me. Has a community-helping vibe to it. I may expand."
"It's a great way to structure things," says Kirsten. She stirs the remaining splash of red in her glass with a citrus peel spiraled on a long toothpick "It really helps if you can work it that way. Or a non-profit."
"It's working for you two, isn't it?" Dad holds his brown drink in one hand, and his water in the other.
"So far," says Jessica.
"Alex, what are you taking at school?" asks Kirsten.
"Bunch of random stuff, really. Computer science, anthropology, econ."
"Tell me about economics." She shifts in her seat and drains the remainder of her drink. The dress slides down her shoulder a bit more when she sets the glass on the table. Kirsten unfolds the red cloth napkin in front of her and touches a corner to her mouth.
"It's pretty boring, to be honest. The professor is visiting from somewhere in Eastern Europe, and I can't understand anything he says."
I stare at the red napkin in Kirsten's hand, and it's the same kind of cloth that was in the Easter baskets our parents gave Jessica and me every spring when we were young. The smooth red cloth was always wrapped around an assortment of candies, and was tied in a knot at the top. I had trouble getting mine undone, and Jessica usually helped me after she'd unfastened hers.
"You get one of those each year," says Dad. "Don't sweat it too much." He finished his drink while I wasn't looking, and he holds up his hand as a busboy passes to ask for another. I can feel Jessica's eye roll without looking at her.
Perhaps prompted by my dad's aggressive drink request, our waiter appears and takes our orders, and then he's gone again. Shortly after that, a server brings replacement drinks for our tablemates, and she asks if Jessica or I want anything.
"No," says my sister, "I don't think you guys would serve me what I need right now."
An awkward dinner ensues.
When I unfold my own napkin, the smooth weave of the red fabric immediately takes me back to one Easter in particular. It's the only one I can remember that my sister and I were the same age. Our birthdays are two weeks apart, and it was before Jessica turned eight.
Kirsten eventually stops looking at me so much, and by the time she gets to her third red cocktail she's not bothering to pull her dress up anymore. I make myself focus on my dad's tie, so as to not stare at the mostly-exposed breast of the woman who's obviously his date, and at least a decade younger than my stepmother. The last time I'd seen him wear a tie we were at a custody hearing.
After the entrees are as picked at as they're going to get, Kirsten excuses herself to the restroom, and Dad makes for the bar to go close out his card, which he left there earlier.
"So." I break the silence, and turn to my sister, who is holding her eyes shut.
"I just..." Jessica sucks in a breath, and lets it out, then opens her eyes. "I can't believe he's doing it again."
"I thought you didn't like the Red Haired Lady." I'm rubbing the napkin between my fingers, as I hold it in my lap. I'd stolen my sister's basket of candy that year.
"I don't, but... you just can't do this kind of thing."
Dad turns away from the bar at the end of the room, and starts back to our table. Kirsten appears from behind us, and steadies herself on the back of her chair, her neckline hanging as normal as that dress allows. Dad approaches, and stands next to her, putting his hand over hers. Light from above glints in the ring on his finger. He's still wearing it, whatever that means.
"Dad," says my sister, "How long?"
"How long, what?" Dad's face doesn't budge.
I'd gotten a Gameboy for my birthday just a few days before Easter. She stole it that same day, and ran off with it.
"How long has it been going on?"
Dad hesitates, and looks at Kirsten, then back to Jessica. "Oh, Jessica, it's not what you think."
Jessica leans back in her chair and crosses her arms.
I didn't get my Gameboy back until the next day. I never did find out where she hid it. When we opened our Easter baskets, Jessica tore into a Cadbury Creme Egg, and it oozed down her chin and got on her hands.
"We do team building stuff together."
Jessica breathes out a deep sigh.
While my sister was distracted by the mess, I grabbed both Easter baskets and ran outside into the garden. She didn't follow, and I found out later Mom grabbed her arm and made her wash her hands and face before she went after me. I sat under an old concrete birdbath with the combined loot of both baskets.
"Speaking of teams." I do my best to keep my voice steady. "Do I get to meet mine ever? I'm basically doing this guy Todd's job for him." It's the only thing that comes to mind to break up the ticking time bomb of the conversation.
Kirsten jerks her hand out from under Dad's and looks like a startled cat. He pulls his hand off the chair slowly.
"Who is Todd?" My sister's question is open to anyone.
"Apparently we work together, and even have the same boss, though I've never met him. We're supposed to do a Side-by-Side performance review soon, but the guy is nowhere to be seen."
My dad says, "I'm not sure I know Todd." I can see the wheels turn in his eyes. They're green, but paler than my sister's.
"Dad," says Jessica. "How long?"
I lined up candy in the grass under the birdbath, trying to figure out what would be the best thing to eat first.
Twix, Skittles, Marshmallow Eggs.
Dad pauses, then puts his hand over Kirsten's bare shoulder. "A few months."
"Does she know?"
M&M's, Peeps, Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.
Dad hesitates. "We're going to tell her soon. There are some things you don't know about that--"
"Dad!" Jessica leaves her chair, and towers above me, palms flat on the white tablecloth, hair a black waterfall down both sides of her face. A gaze of green daggers flies at our father across the table, but I'm staring at her golden brown lips.
"It's complicated. There's some things we need to figure out."
Kit Kat, Smarties, Laffy Taffy.
"Tell her," says Jessica, "or I will."
Dad sighs. "We can talk more later. Just don't do anything."
"I promise nothing."
I grab the inside of Jessica's elbow, but she wrenches her arm free, and pulls it across her chest. Her eyes do not leave their target.
"Order whatever dessert you want, and we'll talk more later." Dad throws several hundred dollar bills next to the flickering centerpiece. He takes his date by the waist, and leads her around the table, up the stairs behind us.
I'm on my feet. "Jess. Let's go."
My sister snaps out of her trance, and looks around for whatever she'd brought to the table. I start down the same aisle my dad just walked through, when a hand presses on my shoulder.
"Alex."
"What?"
"Can you walk with me?"
"Of course." I wait, while Jessica loops her arm securely inside of mine. "What's wrong?"
"This fucking carpet with these shoes is a nightmare."
"I noticed it on the way in. Why would they make it all squishy?"
"Some asshole did it, so drunk girls have to hang on their dates, like I'm doing."
"That's a brilliant evil move."
I lead my sister up the red glowing steps out into the loading area by the street. Two cabs pull away, leaving an empty curb. I order us a ride on my phone, and the app says we have a few minutes. Jessica holds my arm still, so I take us over to a bench in front of an oak tree surrounded by a square black wrought iron fence. My sister crosses her legs under the long dress and huddles against me, chin down, both her hands wrapped around my forearm.
"You might get us in trouble." I say, sarcastically. "What if they come this way?"
"I don't care right now. They're in no position to lecture us. Does Mom have anything to drink?"
"There might be some wine."
"I want to go drink all of Mom's wine."
A short ride later, we're home. Jessica opens the house while I pay the driver. I'd forgotten Mom is off adventuring, and it's dark and empty inside. I wonder if her night is going better than ours.
"If you bring me a glass of wine, I won't yell at you." Jessica stomps into the living room, which we rarely use. She clicks on the lamp next to the couch.
I find a bottle of something red from the cabinet under the coffee maker, and open it, then take two glasses to the dim room where my sister stews. I hand Jessica a glass and sit next to her on the couch. Two thin, black heels lean against the coffee table in an upturned pile.
Jessica pulls deep from the glass. "This is..." She closes her eyes. "Better than the bark coffee. Thank you." She empties her glass before I've taken a sip from mine.
"Are you going to tell Donna?" I ask.
"I don't know yet." Jessica reaches for the bottle.
"Can you wait a bit?" I taste the wine, and it's got kind of a cherry flavor.
"Why?"
"I realized something."
"Do tell." She refills her glass, then leans back on the couch and closes her eyes.
"Did you see what happened when I asked about Todd?"
"Honestly? No. I was trying to keep from screaming at them in a crowded restaurant."
"Well." I put my glass on the table, and turn to Jessica. "Kirsten looked like she'd been struck by lightning as soon as I said the name. Dad stuttered too."
"We'd just publicly called them out for cheating."
"Right, but." I lift my glass, take a sip, and put it back. "Mentioning Todd did something else. Think about it. Who the fuck cares about some random new hire like me, after all that?"
"I don't know, Alex."
"Hear me out. This Todd guy started the same day I did. Only I've never seen him, and my boss has been gone since like my third day of work. Dad got me the job, that's nothing secret. I bring up his name tonight, and Kirsten makes a face like I insulted her dead grandmother, while Dad starts stammering even more than he was after you had him backpedaling."
Jessica opens her eyes. "Are you actually doing this guy's job for him, like you said?"
"Yeah, I am. And now I have to get his comments for this performance review thing. My boss stuck us together, and I can't do that part for him. What all do you know about what Kirsten does?"
"She does project management stuff, something to do with human resources. I don't know any more."
I lean back. "Let me go dig around at work and see what I can find on Monday. I'm going to figure this shit out. Can you wait to tell the Red Haired Lady until I do that?"
Jessica sighs. "Yes, okay. This really matters to you, doesn't it?"
"It does. I assume it was not an idle threat to tell her."
"I am very serious, but I promise I'll wait." Jessica sets her empty glass on the table, and stands, then swipes up two heels from the floor, and marches toward her bedroom. "I need to be done with this day."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 16
"How do you find who?" Garret's voice squawks through the landline.
"My boss," I say. "I'm at my computer. Isn't he in the database somewhere? How do I look up someone's contact info?"
"Click new message. Hit 'To' then click the search field, and put his last name in there. It should populate with suggestions." Garrett's voice fades out in a shrill patchy pattern, like he's in a tunnel, or has no reception. I'd just spent the whole MAX ride to work sitting next to a woman having an argument with her boyfriend, or whoever, on speakerphone. They were trying to organize some kind of protest, and already had the energy for it in place. My head hurts, and I'm done with phones, but this is too much to text.
"Okay." I pinch the phone against my shoulder, and type my boss's name with both hands. The screen floods with matching last names. "What do I do when I find him?"
"Right click his name and hit properties. It'll have all his public information. Name, email, phone, mail stop, cubicle location. All that jazz." Garrett's voice crackles and fades out.
I do as he says. My boss' name floats half way down the list, and sure enough all of his information pops up in a box. His address shows his cubicle half a stone's throw away, where I saw him sitting at his desk maybe three times before he left.
"You still there?" I ask
"Yeah, sorry, was in the stairwell."
"Direct reports? What's that?"
"Shows all the people he's in charge of. Your boss probably has a lot. He's a testing manager."
I click the direct report button, and a window pops up with a couple dozen names, mine included.
"This is exactly what I was looking for."
"You good?"
"Yeah, thanks Garrett."
"Alex, wait."
"What's up?"
"You still coming to the beach this weekend?"
"Yeah."
I'd kind of forgotten about it.
"Jess is coming too, right?"
"I'll try to drag her along."
"Perfect. Later."
I scan the list of names under my boss' direct reports. I'd met a couple, but they're mostly testing rats who run around all over the place, and I can't put many faces to names. Each employee has a cubicle somewhere nearby, and a variety of contact methods. One guy has his own direct report button, and it lists six other people. That's interesting. So my boss manages another manager. The team of six looks to all be cloistered in the far corner, and I'd heard their names mentioned regarding a new revision of Lassens. Nothing particularly suspicious stands out among any of the people within arms' reach in the organization chart. I get the feeling my boss is a catch-all for miscellaneous employees who need to go somewhere, but don't otherwise have a home. I notice there's an 'Up' arrow on employee pages, and if you click that it takes you a level higher, to their boss. I search for myself in the main search box, pull up my own properties, and click the arrow to pull up my boss. It seems simple enough to navigate.
Then I get to work, and pull up my dad.
His address and cubicle are up at the Corvis Seattle campus at the corporate headquarters. I don't know the format exactly, but I can tell he's near post E21 on the 3rdfloor of Building Two there, wherever the hell that is. I'm not even sure how many buildings are up there. My campus has five, and it's a huge sprawling complex I still get lost inside.
I click my dad's direct reports button, and half a dozen names come up, but Kirsten jumps out at me immediately. Kirsten's report page lists somebody named Todd, and a dozen other people I don't recognize, all of them having a strange '-c' at the end of their user names. I haven't seen that anywhere else so far. I pull up the properties page for each of Kirsten's reports, and they all have Seattle campus addresses. All except Todd. He's here in Portland, two buildings over from where I sit, at post C11 on the third floor of Building Four.
I lock my computer, and take a walk.
Building Four was where the aggressively bespectacled technician snapped my ID badge picture, and I vaguely remember the way Garrett led me. As I pass the crisscrossing steel beams holding up the upper floors, I pass a woman wearing a yellow and white polka dot dress that runs part way down her calves. The yellow is the exact same as Jessica's sundress, though this woman's garment has sleeves and a less tantalizing neckline. Then I'm thinking about my sister's dress. And my sister.
Earlier in the morning, Jessica sat by me on the bus, just like we'd been doing for a few weeks now. We hardly saw each other all of Sunday. She did chemistry homework, a biology paper, and something else science-related. I paced about and procrastinated, as is customary for my Sundays. I had economics to do, but I didn't feel like brushing up on the command economy components of the Soviet Union, even though I had the authentic experience of deciphering my professor's Russian notes. If I'd had anthropology work to do, I'd have been more motivated. I lay wrapped in my bed when Jessica got home, but I enjoyed no nocturnal visit from her, and I didn't think bothering her was wise. She'd been extra prickly when I saw her at breakfast. Showers and coffee this morning, as usual, but nothing particularly flirtatious.
Then Jessica snatches up my hand on the bus. She squeezes me tight, as though she's worried I might leave her there.
We step off outside my first class, and I don't want to let go. My sister either senses it in me, or has the same thought. She pushes her fingers through my newly darkened hair behind my ear and five knives poke gently into my scalp. She pulls me close, with her lips to my ear.
"Text me what you find today. On the blue one, of course."
"I'll let you know." I put my hand on her hip, and kiss her.
People whirl all around us, as they had that first day, and each morning since. I wonder if the other travelers are getting used to the show. Aggressive PDA is probably a brazen thing to continue doing, considering how careful we'd become in other areas. The commercial building across the street is bustling with activity, and workers are repainting the sign with the black bars and the silhouette mascot. The bird now stands taller, and looks straight at Jessica and me.
But as I stand there, lost in my sister's arms, I don't care. I kiss her, and run my hand up her back. When her nails leave my head, I let go. Jessica smiles and turns up the sidewalk, before the dense crowd steals her from my view. The last thing I see is green. Serrated jade daggers, they'd been the other night at dinner, but they're not sharp when she points them at me.
A horn honks in front of me.
A man rides on a forklift, carrying a pallet covered in plastic wrap, with blue aluminum machinery entombed within. It looks like a Mark IV. The man waves, as he crosses my path, and a red-striped badge dances around his chest, to the tune of his arm motion. I look up at the silver mirror globe on the ceiling, and it's clear to cross into the manufacturing facility. Steel cages flank me on either side, and something beeps off in the distance. As I'm part way across the cavernous facility, a man up ahead scans his badge on a door, which produces yet another type of beep.
I cross into Building Four, and take note of column A12 nearby. I decide elevators are too confined, and find the corner stairwell. I don't want to run into anybody and have to explain who I am, or what I'm doing. The stairs put me at the third floor variety of another A12, and at the corner of a vast city of cubicles, not unlike my own. A quick walk and I'm staring at post C11. I tuck my head below the shoulder-high walls and take the first right, noting the names on the corners of the cubicles. Some lie empty, some occupied.
I zig zag up one row, then turn and go back down the next. About half of the cubicles hum with signs of life. Coats, lit computer screens, lunches, and coffee cups mark their owners. As I snoop past the vacant cubes, a couple posters hung on the sides lead me to believe this area of the campus has something to do with human resources, though I don't know enough to discern anything further. Then, at the end of the second to last row, by what looks to be a broken copy machine, I find Todd's cubicle.
Old technology litters the cube. Several computer towers lay on their sides on top of the desk, with nothing plugged into any of them. A printer rides on the chair, with a tangled mess of cables laid over the top. Multiple dusty computer monitors stand in an upright row, like dominoes wedged under a grey metal shelf. An extra office chair squeezes itself into the corner, taking up most of the floor space, with a broken fax machine atop it.
I squat down in Todd's cubicle, and my ID badge hanging from my neck dangles between my legs. I pull the badge over my knee to get it out of the way, and send a blue dot text to my sister.
"Found Todd's office. It's full of junk. Nobody works here."
Before I put my phone away, it buzzes.
"You sure?"-- Jessica
I take a picture and sent it to her.
"Wow. They're using it as a trash can. What does that mean?"
"It means he's not here. He could be in a testing facility somewhere, but I doubt that's the case. I think I would have seen him by now. And he's never checked his email, or at least he's never responded to me."
My brain and thumbs both tire from typing the message out. I'm not as good at texting as my sister, and it takes me forever.
"Did you find his boss?"
"He reports to Kirsten. A bunch of other people report to her too, but the rest are all at the Seattle campus. He's stationed, or whatever, under my boss, but his actual direct boss is Kirsten."
"Who does she report to?"
"Lol. Dad."
"Knew it."
"And who does he report to?"
"Fuck, I didn't even check before I came down here. I'm heading back."
I poke my head up, and start back to the stairs of Building Four. As I round the flights of stairs back to the first floor, I keep thinking about the '-c' on all the account names. I don't know what that means. When I get out of the stairwell, I pull out my phone again, and send a blue dot to Garrett.
"What does a '-c' mean at the end of someone's account name?"
I reach the intersection marking the transition to the manufacturing complex, and carefully eye the silver globe on the ceiling, noting that the path is clear. The alarm is no longer beeping out in the cages. I step into the corridor, and just as I put my phone away it buzzes.
"It's a contractor. They don't work for us."-- Garrett
"What's that mean exactly?"
"They only work here for a set amount of time. Usually employed through a staffing agency."
"But they still work here on site, right? And have a boss?"
"Yeah, if you looked at their badge you'd see a different marker, and their contract agency name, but otherwise they're indistinguishable. From a payroll standpoint, it's one step removed. Our company hires a contract agency, who in turn hires contractors to be placed here. Sometimes they're hired in batches."
"Cool, thanks."
I reach the row of steel crossings over the exterior windows, and pass by cubicle after blue cubicle on my left, then I splash down in my chair, and resume my search. I find my dad in the database again, and then I click the up arrow.
I text my sister immediately."Kirsten is Dad's boss."
"WTF. How does that work?"-- Jessica
"Not sure. It shows him as her boss. And her as his boss. I'm just reading it on the screen here."
"Who are they accountable to? Each other? No one?"
"Not sure. And I found out something else, but I don't know what it means. All the people who report to Kirsten are contract employees, including Todd. They technically work for another company, even though they're here."
"Hmm."
I want to ask Garrett more, but I don't want to text, even with the safety of the blue dot system. Plus, my thumbs are tired, and I have too many questions to ask.
"You got a break coming up? Can I buy you a coffee and pick your brain about some things?"
My phone buzzes before I set it down.
"I'm about to head to the building one café. Meet me there?"
"Sure."
I lock my computer, and text Jessica as I once more pass the giant steel beams crisscrossed over the exterior windows.
"I'm going to go get some information from Garrett about how everything works here."
As I turn left down the corridor to building one, my phone buzzes.
"Be careful what you say."
"I'm framing this as new hire curiosity."
"He's a good guy. Don't drag him into anything."
"I know. I'm just going to ask him about corporate structure."
"He'll talk your ears off on that."
I go to pocket my phone as I reach the crossing into building one, but it buzzes before I can stow it.
"Order me the biggest black coffee they have. I'm going to be a few late. Some huge fire drill in accounting about--"
A horn honks, and I look up.
But it's too late.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER 17
Mom says, "Make sure you ice it in cycles." She steps into the hall, while I stand by my bed and fumble with the cold pack against my shoulder.
The kitchen door slams shut, and stomping approaches. Jessica pushes past Mom, and wraps her arms around me. Two lips touch my cheek, and I tense. My sister lets go of me, and jerks away, like she's touched a hot stove. The breeze from her movement rushes past my face, and my cheek burns cold where her lips had been.
"Jessica," says Mom. She steps back into my room, looking down at her phone. "Be nice to your brother. He's had a rough day."
"Okay," says my sister.
Mom turns and leaves once more. Her padded shoes retreat down the hallway.
Jessica pushes the door closed with one finger, so the latch is touching.
"That was bold," I whisper.
"Sorry, I wasn't thinking." Her whisper is lower than mine. My sister stands in front of me, and cocks her head, examining where I hold the ice. She scrunches her nose up. "Are you okay?"
"Just my shoulder hurts."
"Mom said you got hurt at work. Something about a forklift?"
"I got hit by a Mark IV still in a shipping crate. I forgot to look both ways."
"How bad is it?"
"Bruised. It's mostly right here." I adjust the ice.
"Mostly?" Jessica stands tall, but the worry has not left her face.
"I bumped my head on the wall. Like, it barely touched, but they had to check me for head trauma. I'm fine."
"You're sure?"
"Yeah."
"So I can touch you?" Jessica's question is an even quieter whisper.
"You can do anything you want to me."
She leans over my arm holding the icepack and gives me a kiss on the lips. "Did you have to go to the hospital?"
"Nah, EMT's checked me out at work, and said I was fine. I'm really okay, like I said."
"Mom's text was very alarmist." Jessica gently rubs my non-hurt shoulder. "This one is okay?"
"Yeah, that side is fine. And worrying is her job."
Jessica leans over and kisses me again, but there's tongue this time. I kiss her back, until footsteps in the hall grow louder. My sister whisks away from me, as my bedroom door flies open, with our mother behind it.
"Okay, I'm headed back to the clinic. Alex, do all the things I said. I'll be home late. Jessica, take care of your brother." She turns and leaves us alone.
"Okay, Mom," says Jessica. We stare at each other and listen to the footsteps soften.
The kitchen door opens and closes.
"Mom says I have to take care of you," says Jessica in her normal voice.
"Yeah, I heard."
"You sure you're okay? Just your shoulder, right?"
"Yeah, but I need to give this a rest." I set the icepack on my bedside table.
"You let me know if something hurts." Jessica hangs her arms around my neck.
I kick the door shut from where we stand, and lean my sister onto my bed. Clothes fly off us in all directions, and pretty soon I'm deep inside her, as she's bent over with her face buried in my blankets. I work her like that for some time, until Jessica pulls herself up, and whirls around.
My sister asks, "Want to lay back?"
I spin her by the hips, then lay back on my pillow. My shoulder pulses through the waning numbness from the ice.
Jessica climbs on top of me, in what is quickly becoming my favorite position, mostly due to how much she loves it. She's great at her work, and before long I'm cumming inside her. After I finish, she rides me a bit longer, but she lets up when I start to soften.
"Sorry, you're too good at that."
"That's okay. This was for you." Jessica slides off the bed, and picks up her phone off the floor, then lays back down next to me. She rests her chin on my ribs, as she taps away on the screen.
I reach over the side of the bed, and pull a blanket off the floor that had been ejected during our fun. Ticking sounds from my sister's conversation fill the room.
"Who are you talking to?"
"Jane." Her face glows, as the phone's screen overpowers the last reaches of daylight from my window. "We're planning stuff."
"What kind of stuff?"
"The trip this weekend. We have to go shopping, and pick up the keys for the beach house. And figure out rides there." Jessica works her phone with one hand, while I have her other arm pinned between us.
"I'm going to play a game," I say, "so you can use two hands with that."
I peel myself away from my sister, and climb down to the foot of the bed. She stretches out into the space where I'd been, and resumes her conversation with both hands. I push the blanket above her waist, exposing her.
The tapping sounds stop. "I thought you were going to play something?"
"I am." In one lick, I run my tongue from the bottom of Jessica lips, up over her clit, to the black curls above.
"Oh!" She jolts against my face.
"Too much?"
"No, I just wasn't expecting that." The tapping resumes.
I tease her with my fingers, while I lick, mostly focusing on her clit. The tapping from above continues, as I work my sister, but when I reach inside, and hook her, the sounds from above stop. I relax my grip, teasing only with my tongue, and the tapping resumes, though more rapid, as though she's catching up on her thoughts. I let the ticking sounds go for a while, then I flatten my tongue the way she likes it. The ticking sounds from the phone vanish, and are replaced with labored breathing. I pull my tongue away, and the sounds return to taps and ticks, though it's even more frantic now. I leave her to finish her message, and my room hums quiet for a while. I bide my time, taking in the smell of the wetness. Then I'm touching her with my tongue again, but nothing else. She starts into another message, with a rapid series of ticks, and I lay my tongue flat, and pull her inside with my fingers. No tapping sounds, only quiet whimpers from above.
She clamps down on my fingers, and I stop everything I'm doing.
"You're." Jessica gasps for breath. "An asshole. You know that?"
I push down toward the mattress, and I work her as hard as I know how with my tongue. Jessica cums against my face, twitching around my fingers.
She sucks in a series of deep breaths, and flops her arms to her sides.
I manage to interrupt several more texts with contractions around my fingers, though her responses begin to blur together after a while. Eventually my tongue wears out, and I have to quit. I crawl up next to Jessica, and pull the blanket over us. She clicks her phone off, surrendering the room to darkness.
"Alex, I have a real love, hate thing with your game."
Getting to know my sister.
We lay on my bed, sticky against each other. Jessica rests her head on my good shoulder, and crosses her leg between mine. I run my fingers down the smooth lengths of her hair, and admire the dim sheen provided by the streetlight outside my window.
So much lies uncertain with my dad. I don't know what to think about him, let alone what I might do. He's wrapped up in something ugly. I knew I'd be under his shadow, but I didn't expect whatever he's doing. I push my thoughts away from him, and focus on my sister instead. I breathe orange, and her heart beats against me. The more I focus on her heart, the less I care about the other noise.
For a moment I wonder if my sister is asleep, but then she starts making circles with her fingers on my chest.
I say, "I did get some information today. Before I got hurt."
"So what the fuck was up with Dad and Kirsten? They're each other's bosses?"
"That's what the database said. Don't know how that works, in practice."
"I wonder if that's what they were celebrating way back when."
"Could be. Then there's Todd. And the other contractors."
"I was thinking about this today, before I got the message from Mom about you. I sent you a text, but you didn't respond."
"Yeah, sorry. I didn't have my phone for a while after the forklift hit me. I was actually holding it, when it happened, and it flew out of my hand. Somebody nearby picked it up, and I had to go find them later, after the EMT's were done with me."
"Someone else had your phone?"
"Somebody nice nearby set it aside. I don't know who it was."
"Was your phone unlocked? With our texts open?"
I hadn't even thought about that.
"I want to use the disappearing texts from now on," says Jessica, "so they're gone no matter what happens."
"Okay, How about 5 minutes?" I slide my phone off the table next to us, out from under a corner of the icepack. The room floods when I tap the screen, and my sister and I both squint at the needle sharp brightness.
"I'm good with that. Let's clear our history too." Jessica casts a second glow with her phone. "And do you use a lock screen code?"
"I didn't used to use one, but I set a code when we... started playing together."
"I use a code too," says Jessica. "Mine times out after 30 seconds." We compare settings, then lock our phones, and the room sinks back to darkness. "Okay, I feel a lot better now. Can you dig up more about Todd? Ask around or something"
"I can't go in to work. I'm on mandatory leave because of the accident."
"What the fuck?" Jessica pushes herself off my chest. Her face eclipses the distant light outside the window.
"Some kind of workers' compensation procedural thing. It's a corporate policy."
"Somebody hit you, andyoucan't go in?"
"The forklift driver probably has the same problem."
"How long does this take?"
"They said a few days. Could be the rest of the week. It's paid leave at least. But I can't look anything up until it's done."
"Could Garrett look it up?"
"Yeah, but do you want to explain to him what we're doing?"
"Fuck no," says Jessica. "Good point."
"The weird thing is that all the people who report to Kirsten are contractors."
"What's that mean?"
"It's sort of like hiring a construction crew. They don't work directly for the company. They're hired through a staffing agency. I guess it's pretty common."
"A staffing agency. Like, a temp agency."
"Yeah."
"Like, say, the Red Haired Lady's company. Can you tell which one it is?"
"Garrett said it's marked on ID badges."
"So what if they used her company?" asks Jessica "And then does Donna know about Todd?"
"I wonder if we can find out."
"I'll ask Donna," says Jessica.
"What?" I sit up and face my sister.
"I'll invite her to lunch. And I'll drop Todd's name in when I mention you. I want to see what she does."
"You really up for that?"
"Yes, I think so. There's weird shit going on, and I want to know what it is. I'll text the Red Haired Lady tomorrow."
"I'm really curious what she'll say." I touch Jessica's back above her waist, while we sit facing each other. I want to hold her tighter, but my shoulder aches. "I think it's time for more ice."
"Lay back. I'm taking care of you, remember." Jessica rolls off the bed, and I rest on my pillow. An icy chill spreads through my arm, then my sister stretches against my other side. "Let me know if it needs changing."
The ice slowly begins to work, and Jessica keeps me warm, as we lay together. I'm vaguely aware that we probably shouldn't stay naked in my bed all night, since Mom will eventually come home. I don't want another close call. But for now, we're safe, and I allow myself to rest my eyes.
I awake some time later, unsure how long I'd been out. Jessica's head rests against my cheek, her breath tickling my lips.
"What time is it?" I ask
"She won't be home for an hour." My sister kisses me as she pulls her face away, and then lays back on the pillow.
I toss the now-warm icepack onto the table, and put my good arm around my sister. Her long hair drapes down her side, across her chest. Bright silver highlights over black silk, spreading out from her nipple. It looks like the sunrays of Aten my professor uses as a presentation background. Long straight lines of light, turning to open hands when they reach the ground.
"Did you know King Tut married his sister?" I ask.
"King Tut? Like, Pharaoh of Egypt?"
"Well, she was his half-sister, but yeah. His parents were brother and sister too."
"No, I didn't know that. Was that some kind of 'keeping the bloodline pure' thing?"
"Kind of." I scrunch up on my pillow a bit. "Ancient Egyptian royals couldn't marry just anybody, it had to be another royal. They thought they were gods above everybody else. It was done to maintain control, and sometimes there weren't that many of them around."
"Well, if they're really serious about not marrying outside the group, I guess they'd have to at some point."
"Yeah. A guy is going to grow up to be Pharaoh, so he needs a wife. But there aren't any girls his age, so they grab his sister for the job. Sister has been upgraded to sister-wife."
"What if you don't like your sister?" asks Jessica. "What if she's stupid, ugly, and mean?"
"Then I guess you'd get a stupid, ugly, mean sister-wife. It'd go the other way too. Say you're the king's prized oldest daughter. You're smart and gorgeous, and know exactly what you want to do in life. Plus, you've got a whole plan for how to control Upper Egypt. Then you find out you have to marry the half-witted ghoulish brother you've been avoiding your whole life and start pumping out his children."
"Okay, But what if you're both like that princess?" Jessica scratches the top of my head with her nails. "She's on top of her game, like you say. And her brother is considerate, and amazing, and devastatingly handsome. Then one day your parents come into the room and say 'kids, we've seen how you've been looking at each other, and we need some heirs. So, Son, get to work fucking your sister.'"
"And then their mom pulls the girl aside and says, 'young lady, make sure your brother cums inside you. Not on your face like in those papyrus pictures we know he looks at.'"
My sister sucks in a breath, and slowly lets it out. She pushes herself off me, and climbs down to my knees.
"What's up?"
"I need to swallow some royalty before Mom gets home." She rips the blanket off the bed, and throws her gaze at me through the darkness. "And you're the only one around."