After the interesting time spent with Dr. Pieris last week, I was keen to see her again. I tried to arrange another appointment but she was booked up. So it was going to be the following week. But by that time, I was more than keen to see her.
When the day came, I was hot and horny. I found out her first name. It was Anita. But when I meet her again, l called her doctor. I wanted us to play doctor and patient. I respected her experiences and position. I even shook her hand, the very hand that blissfully finished me 2 weeks earlier.
"Actually I was looking forward to seeing you. I got a couple of things that you will most definitely be interested in." She began with a teasing smile.
I feel that sudden surge of school boy excitement, adding to my already hardness.
"You mentioned about voyeurism at the first appointment. What did you mean?" She inquired.
I swallowed hard. I was now nervous. But I shouldn't be, after all she has already been intimate with me.
"Well I get off watching others pleasuring themselves or each other. It's not just watching some pornography then calling myself a voyeur. It's more like being present when the acts actually take place." I confessed.
"So what is it about being watched then? Which is the greater of the evils?" She asked.
I can see her enjoyment. She was enjoying her questioning. I was her "experimental rabbit" and she was seriously genuine about it. I was nervous but getting off on her pleasure. Yes this was me and she sees it all slowly opening up. It was her job to uncover the whys and hows.
"Oh god you are really interested. I really get off watching others pleasuring themselves or each other. I am sure it's the same with every person. But I am particularly aroused by the thought of being watched. There is something hot and erotic about being observed, as you are being pleasured by another. Yes it's not for everyone but it gets me off big time." I confessed with a sense of relief.
She paused. Obviously thinking about it.
"Hmmm, so what's the pleasure you get from it? Is it just physical or mainly psychological? Most people wouldn't want a stranger peering at them during their most intimate moment as it happens." She inquired and surmised.
I start to blush. Perhaps I was embarrassed. But I try to respond.
"I think it's in the head. I get off being an exhibitionist I guess. Is that an acceptable answer?"
I asked her.
"Hmmm, I think you are going like my proposal here." She smirked slightly biting her lower lip.
She then presses a button on her desk and speaks into the microphone.
"Ashley darling can you come in please."
Yes I have seen this pretty young thing at the reception a few times now. Admittedly she was rather beautiful. You got to be an attractive looking person to work for this outfit I convinced myself.
But we all know that is not the requirement right?
I was thinking Dr. Pieris just wanted her to pick something up but no, she clearly had other ideas as I was about to find out.
Ashley gives a little wave as she enters the room.
"Ashley you know Jason. Would like to to sit over there." Dr Pieris requested.
I was getting more nervous not knowing what she had in mind. But I was sporting a large hard lump under my shorts. As Ashley looked on, Dr. Pieris walks over and sits next to me. Then puts her right leg over mine, forcing my legs apart. I feel exposed. Without anything else to say, she began kissing me. Her right hand moves to my short front massaging in circles. Oh my god, I think she is going to allow Ashley to watch. I begin to slowly pump my hips, begging her to masturbate me. I hear her soft moans of excitement. I feel the instant pleasure and excitement of Ashley's eyes quietly watching only a short distance away.
"You like this? Is it getting you real turned on because it's turning me on having her watch us, yeah." She whispers between heavy breathing.
She continues to squeeze me and massage my testicles through my short front. Her passionate kissing intensifies. Her moans highly erotic. I am so aroused now. I look at Ashley. She is staring right at me. Her stares are driving me crazy. She bites her lower lip. Her eyes large beautiful don't appear to blink. Her face starting to blush red.
Anita Pieris starts to whisper dirty words, as she teases me.
"Oh yeah I feel so dirty, so hot now. Tell what you are thinking. You like her watching us?, yeah." She moans. "Oh yeah you feel so hard now. I want her to watch me finish you."
She unzips me and immediately pulls the shaft out. I feel completely wet now, oozing in pure excitement. She pulls my foreskin firmly down and begins to lick her fingers like before and whilst staring at me applies the saliva over the swollen head and shaft before twisting then alternate with quick pumping. I start moan continuously. I was euphoric. My mind fills with lust.
"Oh yeah, you like that, eh?" She moans.
This was a dream come true. Getting masturbated by a sexy lady while a beautiful young lady watches. She senses my highly aroused state. I pump my hip more quickly up and down in a highly erotic manner. She moans excitedly at my dilemma. Sensing my need, she immediately dribbles her saliva over the exposed head and aggressively twists the fluid up and down the shaft. She did not appear to waste time. Then suddenly her hand becomes a blur. It was unbelievable. Her moaning intensifies as does her excitement. It was frenzied. Crazy. The sound of her stroking at speed fills the room. I explode in seconds.
"Oh yeah, oh feel so good, oh yeah feel so good." As she stared lustfully into my eyes intensifying my orgasm.
I throw my head back is sheer pleasure. It was one of the more intense hand job I have experienced. And again she doesn't immediately stop or even slow preferring to milk me completely. My body convulses in pleasure. I didn't want her to stop. I briefly open eyes to watch Ashley's reaction. She was blushing red after witnessing the Dr. Pieris masturbate me off. The look of lust written all over her pretty face. That was part of the pleasure I got, having seeing the pleasure on someone's face after witnessing another woman masturbate me. Then she was done.
Then she speaks, requesting Ashley to clean me up with some tissues. Suddenly I feel another throbbing happening as Ashley came over to wipe off the mess. She sat on my left and held onto my still semi hard penis still oozing and proceeded to casually wipe away my cum from my chest and penis. I look at her and already I feel myself getting hard. She had this smirk on her pretty face and it wasn't going away. She was sensing my excitement. Then I feel Anita start to kiss me all over again. I feel her hand on my chest massaging in circles. She was an experienced woman. She wanted to turn me on as much as possible given I now have a beautiful younger lady touching me intimately.
Then I hear Ashley whisper. She was pretty aroused now.
"You like that?" She teases running her slender fingers up and down my hardening shaft.
She smiles and I literally melt. I feel myself turning rock hard. She looked stunning when she smiled. I wanted to kiss her. Then she put her left leg over mine. I feel really vulnerable now as Anita had her right leg over me as well. It was a double classic position.
I can smell her sexy perfume and natural body scent. It was different from Anita's. And it was really turning me on. I can smell both woman, their physical presence. Their closeness. Anita on my right and Ashley on my left. I start to kiss Ashley. The smell of her engulfs my mind. I was in heaven as she lightly strokes me while I kissed her while Anita kisses me from my right. It was dream fantasy come true. Having a woman on either side. Anita continues to massage my chest whilst licking my neck and nipples. I hear her soft excitedly moans. While Ashley lightly ran her slender fingers up and down my shaft with her left hand. We continued kissing. The electricity I was feeling now incredible. If there was a heaven this was it. I can now hear Ashley moaning. The sounds of two beautiful woman moaning as they work on me was incredible.
"Yeah you like this?" Ashley smiled as she licked her lips.
Oh my god, I looked at her and become mesmerized. I wanted Ashley to masturbate me. I wanted to know how she does it. Feel her experience and technique. I start to moan at the thoughts. But she continues to take her time kissing me as does Anita, on my right.
Then she stops kissing me and begins to loosen her top, taking a few buttons off and exposing her braless breast to me. Oh my god. I bury my face between the mounds of flesh. The smell of her skin mesmerizing. I throb excitedly at the physical contact and the scent of her. Her nipples swollen and deep red. I inhaled her scent as I licked her skin. She moans excitedly at my excitement.
Ashley then focuses on my hard shaft slowly massaging it and squeezing the oozing fluid out the tip. That's when I turn back to Anita and we begin to kiss passionately. The incredible euphoric differences between the two woman was an incredible turn on. The excitement energy was intense. I wanted Ashley to finish me while I kissed Anita. That's exactly what I got.
Ashley starts spitting on my stiff penis twice and begins to reverse stroke me with her right hand whilst grasping firmly the base of my shaft with her left hand. She was clearly right handed.
Anita begins to massage my testicles while still kissing me. The sensations between the two women was incredibly exciting.
I look back at Ashley and she looks at me with that look. That look of sexual lust. Then again she spits on my swollen head, letting her saliva run thick over the shaft down to her left hand. She massages the fluid as it runs down over the head and shaft. I can hear Anita moan excitedly as she also watches Ashley in action. She was clearly enjoying this as well.
"Oh god yeah, you like this. You like how I spit on your big hard cock, yeah? Ashley moans in excitement.
Her smile was driving me insane. Crazy. I was really attracted to her. Then she starts to whisper dirty words as she begins pumping a little quicker with her right hand. Her grip becomes firmer. I hear her excitement. Her hot moaning. Her breathing. Her perfume drifts endlessly into my nose. It had mesmerizing effect on me. Again she spits hard twice at the swollen head.
"You like me? You like how I masturbate a guy?" She teased deliberately.
I move my hip up and down meeting her pumping hand. I was floating in heaven. I don't want this to end. But end it must as I moaned continuously now.
Immediately her grip tightens.
"Ohhhhh yeahhhh." She moans.
Then suddenly her right hand strokes me into a blur. Her left hand firmly gripping the base of shaft as her other hand flew over the shaft and head.
I moan uncontrollably now. My head rolls in pleasure. I hear both women moaning enthusiastically. This was incredible. Only a few minutes earlier Anita had sent me to a blistering orgasm and now Ashley is doing the same. Again the sound of incredibly fast handjob fills the room.
It becomes furious and frenzied. She was going crazy on me. The look on her face unforgettable. I explode again, lifting my pelvis up to meet her lightening strokes.
"Ohhh yeahhh! Ohh yeahh." She squeals enthusiastically.
I grab her face and kissed her passionately while she continued masturbating me. My mind was exploding. I felt an extreme desire for her now.
Then I immediately turn back to Anita kissing her passionately as well, as Ashley slowed down to light stroking. Her hand thick with my fresh cum.
I look at her as she plays with the thick cum, rubbing it up and down the shaft. She sqeezes more cum out of my swollen red head. She looked flustered, breathing deeply. Her face blushing red with excitement. And that incredible smile. Than both women begin to kiss me all over. It was an amazing way to finish. Then I was blank after that.
Next moment I was in my car leaving. Wow that was incredible appointment. I felt fulfilled. But I have another fantasy. I will leave that for my next appointment.