Chelsea sipped her wine and watched as George chatted with the older businessmen. He had worn the gray suit with the red tie. It was a silk tie and Chelsea knew that it was fine silk. She had tugged on it gently to tease him. She loved how sharp and dignified he looked. His silver hair was styled and his large hands were freshly manicured. He was laughing and shaking hands with one of the younger men in the group. Chelsea knew that this was an important social event. George was one of the top international lawyers at the firm and he was working towards gaining some new business. He had always been successful in everything he did; women and his career were no exception. George glanced up at Chelsea and winked at her. Then he turned and listened to Mr. Nico continue his discussion.
"We definitely need someone as knowledgeable as you working for us. We have had some, let us say, issues in the past that would be best if they were not repeated."
"I understand completely. I have worked with these types of situations in the past and we can work together to effectively deal with any issues."
The two men shook hands. George was ecstatic. Mr. Nico owned one of the largest advertising firms in Italy and he was always dealing with legal matters. This would allow George to do more traveling and to earn more money. George glanced over at Chelsea and then noticed Mr. Nico staring as well.
"Is everything alright sir?" George knew that for the first little while he would need to be on his best behavior. He knew Mr. Nico's first name, but wouldn't dare call him by that. Sir was more dignified and even though there was only a few years difference in ages, he needed to be as respectful as possible.
"Your mistress is lovely. If I were you, I'd be in my hotel room as opposed to chatting it up with an old guy like me." Mr. Nico grinned. George couldn't help but smile.
"That's Chelsea. She is very lovely. She knows that we're here for business."
"You are a lucky man, George. If you ever want to lend her out, give me a call." Mr. Nico shook George's hand firmly and wandered off with his entourage. George took a deep breath and walked towards Chelsea. The long night of socializing had paid off and now he wanted her.
"How did it go baby?" Chelsea's voice was soft and quiet. She knew she had to be restrained, even though she wanted to drop to her knees and suck him off. The dress she was wearing was skin tight, but it was much longer than she normally wore. It was custom designed for her by a designer in New York. It was low cut and showed off her cleavage wonderfully. The slit along her left leg showed off her smooth legs and the matching green high heels made her just as tall as George. George's eyes ran up and down her body and his cock began to harden.
"You had to wear the fuck me heels didn't you?"
"Of course."
The couple grinned and without saying another word, they made their way to the elevators. George had the Executive Suite on the top floor and put his key in to summon the elevator. The hotel was absolutely gorgeous. The foyer was ten stories high with four glass elevators in the center that allowed a view of the entire foyer from every floor. There was a garden in one corner of the entranceway and a waterfall that cascaded down both sides of the elevator. Just below the elevators was a sitting area and there were a few businessmen sitting in the leather couches. The rest of the foyer was empty except for the staff at the front desk.
George entered the elevator first and Chelsea followed. She was very aroused, but was waiting for George to make the first move.
"I need to fuck you. Now." The elevator began to move towards the tenth floor. George pushed Chelsea against the wall and was sucking on her neck. She pushed back against him. George ran his hands along her back and hit the emergency button on the panel behind her. The elevator stopped suddenly and Chelsea's eyes went wide.
"There are people in the foyer. They can see us." Chelsea was panting hard. The idea of being watched was arousing and dangerous. She knew not to say no to George.
"I know baby." George unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. He stroked it gently. It was not as long as some of Chelsea's other boyfriends, but it was very thick. She loved how the purple plum sized head would stretch her. She was so wet and just watched in awe as he jerked off for her. She glanced out the window and noticed the businessmen watching. This turned her on even more. "Finger yourself. Show them your pussy."
George was stroking his cock harder and watched as Chelsea hiked up her dress and ran her French manicured nails against her pussy lips. She was always bare and the moisture from her pussy was wetting her inner thighs. She glanced back and forth between George yanking his cock and fondling his balls and watching the men in the foyer just stare. She figured they could see right up her dress, sank two fingers inside her, and then pulled them out.
"Tell me what they're doing. Do you like masturbating for them?" George loved how wild Chelsea was tonight and didn't mind her teasing the other guys. He knew that at the end of the night he would be pumping his cum deep inside her pussy or ass, so he didn't really care who she teased.
"They're staring. One guy is rubbing his cock through his pants."
"How does it make you feel baby?"
"So hot. I love them watching me. I love them watching me finger my wet pussy."
"Fuck, I need you." George spun Chelsea around so her face was against the glass. He kicked her legs apart and sank his cock into her pussy. She ran her long fingernails against the glass and moaned as he stretched her. George thrusted hard and fast with his eyes on the men in the foyer. He loved the feeling of her pussy. It was burning hot and so wet. He could feel her juices dripping onto his balls and that just made him fuck her harder.
"I need to cum." Chelsea was desperately trying to hold back. She was not allowed to cum until he did. They had been wild, but never this wild. All three of the men in the foyer were stroking their cocks through their pants. She was sure that they could see her pussy lips stretched tight around George's massive cock. She held back and began to feel the pressure of her orgasm.
"Tell me what you want. Tell me now." George was gasping for breath as he gripped her hips. He was thrusting so hard the elevator was moving a bit. He was close to cumming, but liked to tease her by making her hold back.
"Cum inside me. I want you to cum inside me." Chelsea blurted out the words he wanted to hear. The pressure was building and she had the uncomfortable yet arousing feeling of needing to pee.
"Cumming!" George cried out and pushed up against her. His cock shot thick ropes of cum into her waiting pussy. He grunted and thrust harder.
"I need to cum." Chelsea was whimpering. She was on the edge of cumming, but needed him to say the words. She reached down and pulled up her dress. She knew she would squirt and there was nothing she could do to stop it.
"Cum my slut." Those were the words she needed to hear. She let loose in an explosive orgasm. She gushed all over the glass wall and she felt her pussy clamp down on his cock. He held her up as her legs shook. The men in the foyer just gasped. They saw liquid gushing down the glass wall of the elevator and it was a sharp contrast to the waterfall running down the outside of the two other walls.
George pulled back and tucked his cock back into his pants. He turned the elevator back on and felt it move up. Chelsea turned to face him and fixed her dress. The elevator smelled like cum and there was a small puddle where Chelsea was standing.
"Just wait until we get to the room." Chelsea grinned.