I was blissfully enveloped in my "happy place."
Most people's thoughts go to their "happy place" in time of desperate need to relieve the stresses of their normal workaday lives. But, I'm one of the lucky ones. I get to live in my "happy place" whenever I want.
I spent the first half of my career positioning myself for my current lifestyle. I have my own business that generally runs itself, and to keep things interesting, I do lots of consulting all over the world. This allows me to live anywhere I want, and also have absolute control over the time and amount of work that I take. I'm in bliss.
I live in a waterfront house in the canals off Biscayne Bay in Miami, with my beautiful wife, Keiko and daughter, Melody. We all love the water and sunshine offered by a life in Miami. Moored at my dock, next to the jet-skis and Hobbie Cat, is my awesome 50-foot ocean cruiser, aptly named the S.S. Happy Place. We take it down to the Keys on a regular basis. Our trips typically last five or six days, and usually include some friends who talk their way on board. Funny how simple acquaintances suddenly turn into your best friends when you have a boat. I enjoy the company though, and always have a blast.
This particular trip, our family of three were joined by my long-time friend Ginnie and her boyfriend Matt. Ginnie's niece, Sara, also joined us. Sara and Melody are the same age and had become quite good friends. Sara hangs out at our home quite a bit lately, but hasn't been on one of our trips to the Keys yet. The girls talked their way out of afternoon classes at the college and were home early, so they helped me stock the boat with plenty of supplies.
They were both excited about the trip and especially that lobster season had just opened. Melody just loves skin-diving for her favorite delicacy, especially when her mother applies her culinary magic. That was the story anyway, but I overheard them giggling about one of their guy friends from college, Tom I gathered, and that he was going with his parents on a boat trip the same time we were and might be moored near our usual cove. I made like I didn't hear the true reason for their excitement, but vowed to help out where a dad could.
The rest of the gang showed up soon thereafter and once all the dive gear was tied down, we were finally off. It usually took about four hours of high-speed cruising. I like taking the helm for the entire trip. It clears my head and helps me change gears between working hard all week and playtime. Everybody else hangs out either in the parlor or aft deck. Each guest in turn though, drops by to visit me during the long journey.
My wife of 20 years, Keiko, is still quite stunning as she approaches 42. She grew up in Korea, but moved to the states with her parents while still young. So she still has a little accent, but is very articulate and intelligent. I met her when she had just finished her doctorate degree. We fell in love instantly and haven't looked back. We tell people that we met at the University, but we actually met at a nudist resort.
She just loves the lifestyle in Miami and I swear she's part mermaid. The Asian in her keeps her body taught and she's not shy at all showing it off. She's tall, skinny and curvy, belying her Korean heritage, and towers over both her parents. After having our daughter, she decided to get a boob job. They are large C-cups in size, and although a little oversized for her frame, complement her style beautifully. She's quite the exhibitionist and is almost always topless when we're on the boat, even when we're in the marina.
Since we leave on these trips from our home dock, Keiko often spends the afternoon stocking the boat wearing just shorts. The neighbors don't mind at all. A retired couple live on one side, and after awhile, the wife just surrendered to her husband's gawking. A trio of gay guys live on the other side, so they don't mind a topless Keiko. But there's a lot of playful teasing going on across the short hedge. Melody and I usually keep things covered when we're in view, but I've been known to playfully flash the gay guys every now and then.
Keiko's free spirit is contagious amongst all the guests on our boat. Anybody that's invited on one of our boat trips is told about our preference to be nude on the boat. The attitude of the Florida Keys is extremely laid back and lots of people go nude both on their boat and especially in the water.
I tell first-time guests that there will be plenty of nudity, but they would never be pressured to join in. Surprisingly, nobody's backed out yet. In the seven years we've had the boat, there's probably been about 50 new guests, and I'd say at least 30 have stripped down to some degree. Some trips even evolved into impromptu weekend orgies.
After about a half hour of slow cruising in the channels, we finally reach the open ocean, which lets me get the engines up to high-power. Just as I get everything dialed-in, Ginnie's boyfriend, Matt, joins me at the helm. This is only his and Ginnie's second multi-day trip with us, but I've been scuba diving with them for years now. Matt is cool and has lots of experience around boats. He's also a fellow pilot, so we sometimes borrow a plane to keep our skills current.
Ginnie joins us shortly and I can see she's real excited about this trip, although she doesn't divulge why. I can only hope though, that she decided to get nude on this trip. Unlike last time, when both of them stayed covered. I could tell on the last trip that she kinda wanted to, but just couldn't build the courage. I've been lusting over her tight little body for a long time now. I would tease her about removing her bikini, especially when I was standing nude in front of her, but I didn't pressure her. Keiko told me in confidence of her desire to see Matt nude also, after hearing Ginnie brag about his big dick.
Ginnie and Matt left after a few minutes to rejoin the party downstairs, being almost knocked down from a couple of rambunctious girls racing their way up to the bridge. My daughter and Sara have become very good friends. Sara's family just moved to Miami about six months ago from upstate New York, and it seems they've been inseparable. In a twist of happenstance, Ginnie was telling me that her sister's family was done with the cold of New York and moved to Miami. I mentioned to Ginnie that my daughter has a new friend, who just moved down from New York.
Boy, were we surprised when we realized that my daughter's new friend, Sara, was Ginnie's niece. Needless to say, Sara probably hasn't slept all week over the excitement about going on a trip to the Keys with her best friend and aunt. And since Ginnie was going on this trip also, Sara's mother really didn't have a chance of stopping her when she was told about the nudity. She tried though, raising Sara in a very religious and prudish household. So, this trip will have an endless supply of firsts for Sara, but she'll be able to handle them.
On the bridge, I chatted with the girls for a while and gave Sara a tour, much to her fascination. I also got them to reveal that their friend from class will be on a boat in the upper Keys this week. I promised to do some checking on their location, but neither girl was sure of the boat name, except something about the wind.
The girls also asked if they could take their clothes off yet. They were respectful when asking, because Keiko and Ginnie said that if the girls wanted to be nude on the outside deck while heading down to our cove, they had to ask me first. Then in a slightly whiney tone, Melody added that her mom had been topless since noon already; and that like I tell new guests myself, the sooner you get nude, the easier it is. She had me, like she always does.
I told the girls that because we were still in the populated shipping lanes, they would have to wait here on the bridge, until I said it was ok to strip down. They agreed, and we chatted about college for the next half hour.
My daughter, Melody, was brought up with nude people all around her, so was extremely comfortable without clothes. Although, sometimes too comfortable. There were plenty of instances when our exhibitionist daughter walked off the boat, fully nude, when we tied up at the marina for gas or supplies. Neither Keiko nor I realized what had happened until we suddenly saw our naked daughter walking down the dock towards us, returning from the marina complex. Luckily we were in the Keys, so nobody really cared.
Melody took most of her features from her mother, and looked very Asian, but her tall stature and freckles were definitely from my Irish side. She had long legs and beautiful, shiny black hair down past her butt. There's no doubt she leaves plenty of stiff dicks in her wake.
Melody's sex education started pretty early, fueled by all the naked bodies around. She was a curious one growing up, and asked plenty of questions. Keiko and I are always open to her curiosity and did what we could to raise a well-adjusted young lady.
Continuing our journey to the family cove, by now the girls were getting really bored, and Melody kept pointing out that the electronic moving chart display showed that we were just about clear of the shipping lanes. Well, that's what I get for showing her how to use it. I relented, and although there were still lots of boats around, I told the girls they could go ahead and be nude on the open deck.
Melody began stripping right away, but Sara hesitated a little. It was her first time getting nude outside her home, which no doubt must be scary, but Melody reminded her about all the talks they had and that she was amongst friends. Sara looked straight at me with a nervous yet slightly annoyed look of disgust, at my unknowing stare. Melody has a gift of sensing people's thoughts and gave me a "Daaaady" sass to hint that I should stop staring.
The girls thought I must have been staring, but I was really just engaged in the conversation with the girls and didn't realize the appropriate moment to turn back to my captain duties. Girls are so much better at sensing those moments.
I turn away from the now nude Melody and visibly-trembling Sara. With a little more encouragement from Melody, I heard Sara remove her shorts and t-shirt. She wanted to stay on the fly bridge for a bit to get used to it before she went back down stairs with the others. Melody conceded, but was still antsy, so headed down to the galley to get us some drinks. She had both her own and Sara's clothes in hand, which prompted complaints from Sara. But Melody was resolute that Sara needed to get with the program quickly and wouldn't get her clothes back until we're back in Miami.
Still facing away from Sara, I asked her, "Well, how does it feel so far?"
After a long pause, she answered, "Well, it's kinda weird and really scary... but from all that Melody was telling me, I'm starting to feel that excitement that she kept raving about. Although, it's also a little awkward that I'm nude and you're not."
I told her that for safety reasons, I usually don't strip until after we anchor. We keep chatting for a bit, as I keep my promise to her that I not turn around.
Sara was beginning to calm down a bit and said that she's starting to be ok about it all. Ya, she seems fine at the moment, with nobody else around and me turned away, but she still has plenty of huge hurdles to get over this week. Melody will be with her though and she'll be just fine.
Melody returned with the drinks, and after a bit, motioned for Sara to follow her downstairs. Sara balked, which prompted Melody to practically drag her downstairs into the main cabin. I've seen Melody's technique in action before, and it's quite effective. There's no pressure to initially strip, but once nude, Melody practically drags people through their fears and doesn't let them back out.
We finally arrived, much to the relief of the battered passengers. Our family cove was far enough away from the crowd, but still close enough to take the skiff to a nearby marina if we needed anything. The water was about 25 feet deep, which was deep enough for big fish, yet the bottom was still within skin-diving range.
The girls were more than eager to help me set a solid anchor, because they got to dive in the water to see if the anchor flutes had sunk deep enough in the soft sand. They were both very helpful throughout the trip, with Melody teaching Sara all about boat stuff. Melody is becoming quite the experienced sailor. She's very responsible, learns quickly and has a healthy respect for the sea; does a dad proud.
Melody is usually very responsible with her nudity, so I reward her efforts with the freedom to choose her own exhibitionist adventures, such as taking the skiff out on her own. As often happens, Melody gets antsy after a few days isolated on the boat, so I make up some tale about needing a part for the boat or more supplies and that I'll need to take the skiff into the marina. Melody begs me to let her go instead, which I always do. She gets to hang with other people her age for awhile, which allows Keiko and I to get frisky on the upper deck. We just love a good bonk in the open air. It's our little game and everybody's happy.
Matt helped me secure the outside stuff while all the women busied themselves in the cabin. On the first night of our trips, I usually get everybody busy with the little things so all we have to do for the next few days is just relax. As far as clothes went at this point, Melody and Sara were both nude and Keiko was only wearing shorts. The rest of us had at least something covering our interesting parts.
It was fun catching Ginnie a little stressed at seeing her niece walk around nude so casually. It seemed to bother her more that not only was Sara naked, but that she was actually comfortable with it. On Ginnie's previous trip, Keiko, Melody and I were the only ones nude and Ginnie's anxiousness was painfully obvious. Maybe Ginnie will lighten up a little on this trip. And whatever Ginnie does, Matt will follow.
We settled in early, for we were all pretty tired from a long week and bumpy boat ride. Ginnie also wanted to get an early start skin-diving for lobster.
I must have been real tired, because I didn't roll out of the bunk until about 10am the next morning. Yup, I was the last one up. Melody and Sara were already well into a board game on the foredeck, Ginnie and Matt were off catching dinner and Keiko had just come in from her morning shower on the rear transom. It was always a spectacle to watch her little morning performance, getting all soaped up and thoroughly cleaning every inch of her knockout figure.
The early risers on neighboring boats always got an eyeful of my nude wife gyrating away. They of course loved it, and Keiko got a rush from the admiration. I just adored the exhibitionist in her, as she also liked showing me off too.
I had already stripped before hitting the pillow the night before, and checked that my morning erection had subsided before emerging from the foreword berth. Of course Melody had already seen me fully erect plenty of times, and I'm pretty sure Ginnie and Matt caught a glimpse of my morning erection on the last trip, but I really didn't want to scare Sara. She's going through enough already.
Keiko prepares some breakfast for me while I teasingly ask her how many horny men she got hard with today's erotic shower. It's a little game between us, as I know she keeps a running count of her victims. She disappointingly confesses that it was only one today, a fisherman on the nearby shore. I encourage her to try for more tomorrow. She then leaves me to join the girls for a little sunning on the foredeck. I salute her tight little naked ass with a whistle as she saunters out of the cabin. After all these years, she still captivates me.
I head out to the aft cockpit deck with a big mug of coffee and a good book. I know Ginnie and Matt will need help getting back on the boat, hopefully with enough catch for the next few days. Lobster season has just opened, so they'll probably have plenty of tail to go around, although there's plenty of naked tail on this boat already. I never have much luck finding the elusive critters, but Ginnie definitely has special radar or something. She always returns with armloads. She also knows that we all like Grouper, so I'm expecting a few of those too.
I soon hear Ginnie and Matt nearing the boat. Matt is usually the designated keeper of the catch, as Ginnie is assuredly the better hunter. She's such a prissy on land, but she turns into a Xena warrior underwater. Her aim is always right on with that damn pink spear gun of hers.
As Matt approaches the transom, he boasts of an overstuffed catch bag. It's filled with a couple lobster, plenty Groupers, a Barracuda and even a small stingray for Keiko to prepare in her special way. I help Matt into the boat but couldn't find Ginnie anywhere nearby. I ask Matt if she's gone down again, but he just said she'll be along shortly.
I then see Ginnie's head working its way down the side of the boat, so I assume she was just saying HI to the girls on the foredeck. She hesitantly works her way up the ladder when I soon realize why. She was out skin diving topless, and I hoped fully nude too, but her bikini bottoms were still on as she emerged from the water. I congratulated her on her newfound freedom while I tried to keep an erection under control behind the railing.
She was standing on the transom and attempting to hand me her gear, but I was so transfixed on her pert, creamy white boobs that she had to poke me with the spear to get my attention. Returning to semi-reality, I helped her with the gear as she climbed through the doorway to the aft cockpit.
She took a quick glance down at my naked crotch on her way across the cockpit to join Matt. It was turning into a little standoff of sorts, as Ginnie leaned up against Matt sitting on the opposite side rail. She was full-on facing me across the cockpit, enjoying my attentive stare.
Interrupting an awkward silence, Ginnie finally said in a sarcastic tone, "Well, are you enjoying the view?"
I wholeheartedly returned, "Uh, ya, very much so. I've been wanting to see those for quite a long time now. It was definitely worth the wait Gin. They're beautiful."
She smiled at the complement, and responding out loud to a whisper from Matt, said, "Yup, it looks like he is getting a little inflated there, don't you think?" I looked down at my slowly growing erection and just decided to let it fly if it wants to.
Matt was whispering again in her ear, which she turned to respond in a snip, but her complaint wasn't quick enough. Matt had quickly pushed her bikini bottoms down to her knees. So there she was in all her glory.
Ginnie had told me previously that she kept her pubic hair cut short, but all I could see at the moment was a neatly-trimmed triangle patch of hair. I'd hoped everything below was shaved clean, but I wouldn't get the chance this time. For as quickly as Matt had pushed her bottoms down, she just as quickly pulled them back up. I quipped that she really didn't need to keep those on anymore.
She was quite mortified and furious at Matt, but he just quietly stood his ground. After Ginnie calmed down a little, Matt gestured in my direction and said to Ginnie, "See, I told you it would, look at him now."
Ginnie slowly turned towards me and looked down with a mischievous smile at my fully erect dick. I guess I wasn't paying much attention myself, because it surprised me too.
We just stared at each other until Ginnie said to me, "Well, it looks like we're even now. I've been wanting to see that hard dick for a long time too. I've been hearing so much about it."
Secret desires now attained, the three of us began gathering up the gear and surveying the morning catch. My erection had subsided by the time Keiko joined us on the aft deck. She noticed Ginnie was topless and welcomed her to the club, while encouraging her to loose her bottoms too. Ginnie announced that she'd think about it.
Keiko, our head chef, decided that we needed more fish and lobster. I volunteered to accompany our Xena hunter, Ginnie, on another expedition. She agreed as we began prepping the gear for another hunt.
All geared up for skin diving, I entered the water nude, while Ginnie was still wearing her bikini bottoms. She told me to wait a minute near the back of the boat, so she could swim to the front and see how her niece was doing. She returned in a couple minutes and we were off.
Ginnie of course saw the first lobster and dove to catch it. I was still at the surface, when I saw Ginnie's bare ass dive towards the bottom. Oh, so that's why she had me wait near the boat, she was removing her bottoms in the water. When she returned to the surface with lobster in hand, I joked, "Hey, it looks like some barracuda got your bikini." She giggled, as I added my congratulations.
While we continued our hunt for more critters, I didn't say another thing about her nudity; thinking that the more casual I treat it, the longer she'll stay nude. She kept those legs closed though, so I never did find out if she was shaved clean.
We soon had a full bag of critters, but I realized the current had taken us quite a distance from my boat. With no other options, we began the long swim back, hoping we could hitch a ride from a passing boat. We weren't making much progress against the current, but thankfully we flagged a Park Service patrol boat. Good thing it was the feds too, because there is no federal law against nudity, but only local laws. So a police boat would of given Ginnie and I a real hassle, but not the feds. I wasn't too worried though; no police officer would ever give a ticket to Ginnie's beautiful nude body.
The Forest Service officer was really nice and was obviously very used to nude bodies in the Keys. Ginnie was real embarrassed and kept curled up on the trip back to my boat. The fed guy was a little snake though and wanted to board my boat to inspect our entire catch of the morning. Ya, he just wanted to see more naked bodies. I voiced my annoyance pretty quickly, so he got the hint and left soon thereafter.
Since our fishing excursions were such a success, Keiko decided to get a little more elaborate with the menu. I learned a long time ago not to question Keiko about anything related to her kitchen. No matter though, everything always turns out wonderfully delicious. I keep trying to encourage her into some competitions, but that Asian perfectionism trait keeps her in doubt of her talents. She confesses about someday competing, but I know she will never enter. In the mean time, her dinner parties are always the talk of the town.
Since the well-planned menu has now changed, Keiko realizes she'll need a few more things from the grocery store, or in this case, the nearby marina store. Melody is already getting antsy after only one day at sea, so eagerly volunteers to make the food run in the skiff. Sara is already in nap mode by now, not being accustomed to all the sun, so Melody recruits Ginnie to join her on the food run.
Matt and I get the skiff lowered for the girls. Ginnie appears out of the cabin wearing both parts to her bikini, as Melody emerges from the galley with list in hand and still fully nude. I know she's so comfortable without clothes that it does slip her mind to leave the house clothed sometimes.
I give her my usual "what are you thinking" stare, as she quickly zips back into the cabin for some clothes. Reappearing in just shorts, I reluctantly let her go, knowing the locals don't really care and she really doesn't have anything to cover anyways. Being half Asian, her boobs are mere bumps.
After a short trip to the marina, the girls tie off the skiff at the end of a long dock and make their way to the general store. Melody gets a few passing glances at her toplessness, although I can imagine Ginnie is getting even more in her skimpy bikini.
They actually found everything on Keiko's list and couldn't resist the bucket-o-chocolate on sale. They use a cart to get all the stuff to the end of the long dock. Before loading the skiff though, Melody removes her shorts to the pleasure of a few people in nearby slips. She demands Ginnie get nude with her, but to no avail.
Ginnie offers to return the cart to the marina store and make a stop at the bathroom before they head back. Melody really wanted to return the cart herself and flash a few people on the way, but let Ginnie go instead.
Melody waited for quite awhile, so headed down the dock herself to see if anything happened. Just then, Ginnie poked her head out of the bathroom as if to check if the coast was clear. Satisfied there wasn't anybody too near, she emerged with her bikini top hanging from the string of her bottoms.
The bathrooms were in the back of the marina building, so she walked topless in front of the big windows and headed down the dock. She was very nervous, but kept her pride strong and head high. Melody met her half way down the dock and as soon as they untied the skiff, Ginnie removed the rest of her bikini.
Ginnie's topless walk through the marina didn't pass real close to any other people, but the skiff ride out of the marina took them real close to other boats. Plenty of wide eyes were transfixed on the two naked and beautiful women.
I noticed Ginnie and Melody arrived back nude, but just assumed they stripped on the ride back. I know that Melody though pushes the envelope and gets a thrill shocking people with her nudity. She's a handful no doubt.
While the two girls were gone, I hailed a few boats on the radio and found one named the Whispering Wind a few islands south of us. I couldn't verify though if it was my daughter's friend's boat, just that another boat within my radio range saw it anchored earlier in the day. Melody gave me a better description of her friend's family boat and that the name Whispering Wind did sound familiar. So, it was worth a shot at least, as Melody scampered off to find Sara.
Matt and I chatted a bit as he helped me get the skiff ready. I asked him what he thought so far about being nude, and especially around four naked hot chicks. He began, "Well, it's taken a little getting used to, but it looks like you got me hooked now. Ginnie and I didn't talk about us getting nude at all before this trip, but we at least knew what to expect."
Matt continued, "When you two went spear fishing this morning, she didn't notice that I saw her toss her bikini bottom up to Sara. That was all the encouragement I needed and got nude myself. Ha, I loved Ginnie's expression at seeing me nude when you two returned. Nude in the water was one thing, but she was really nervous being nude out in the open, and wanted to put her bikini bottom back on. But with a little encouragement and my promise to stay nude too, she conceded defeat and decided to just go with the flow."
I jokingly asked how he was holding out so far keeping an erection down. He answered, "Well, first off, I'm avoiding even a passing glance of your wife's perfect tits, but otherwise I'm just dealin. Although, I just have this sneaky thought that Ginnie will do something wild today to get an embarrassing erection from me. She's already been taunting me a little today."
I proceed to reveal some of the inside secrets of our boat trips and softly say, "Well dude, things aren't what they outwardly seem. You've been hearing our preaching that even though we're nude out here, we keep it clean, but it's only lip service so people don't come down on us. Once the group gets comfortable with each other, after a day or so, the teasing gets into full swing. So, don't worry and have some fun. Let that thing fly if you want. But try to keep it away from Sara for the time being. Melody is ok with things, but Sara needs to take it slow. You and Ginnie should just watch Keiko and me, and follow our lead. It'll be fun."
I stopped explaining the inside scoop when I heard Melody and Sara emerge from the cabin. I turned to face them and realized that it was the first time I got a good look at Sara nude. She was shorter than Melody and had a very curvy body. She looked like a Southern Belle, with fair skin, long blond hair and a warming smile.
Melody was no doubt envious that her friend had filled-out nicely with at least B-cups that stood straight out. It also looked like she wasn't done napping yet. Her eyes were still half shut and she even looked a little queasy.
When I asked Sara how she felt, she admitted to being a little queasy but it wasn't too bad. I suggested she stay outside more and always keep the horizon in view to help with the motion sickness.
I told the girls the skiff was ready, but they couldn't go in the nude. As expected, Melody started whining, but I insisted they wear at least bikinis, and both parts this time. We didn't need to freak out her friend's parents. The girls reluctantly sulked off to find some clothes.
They rebel girls were back in a flash, holding bikinis in their hands. I took a firm stance and said, "Well, what did you think I meant. And I don't want to hear any crap that you'll promise to put them on before you get to the other boat. The bikinis stay on, or you're not going."
Giving in for the moment, they tied the bikinis on and stepped down into the skiff. I gave them the usual speech that I put a chart and some water in the console. I also made sure Melody agreed to be back before dark and if there are any problems to call me on the radio. With the dad speech complete, Melody sped off at full power... in the wrong direction.
Matt noticed this and quizzically commented, "Didn't you say the Whispering Wind was anchored south of here?"
Surrendering to the trials of a rebellious daughter, I answered in a sigh, "Yup, it's south, and she knows it, but she's goin the wrong way just to piss me off." I tap my bare foot on the deck in wait, when after a couple minutes, she turns to the south. With an outstretched arm, I said, "See, there she goes. What a handful she is... couldn't get it from me though."
Matt laughs as he knows me so well, but in a serious tone asks, "You sure they'll be ok?"
In a proud dad tone, I answer, "They'll be fine. Melody's smart and been around boats her whole life. She soaks up everything I teach her like a sponge and knows what to do if something goes wrong. She beat the pants off me the last time we took a marine navigation course together. I'm not worried about her boating skills, just her exhibitionist tendencies. This will be an interesting day indeed."
Matt and I head back into the main cabin and notice Ginnie sprawled out on the small couch for an afternoon nap. Arms and legs all going different directions, one leg was draped to the floor with the other over the backrest. I stopped a second to admire the view and said quietly to Matt, "Wow, she's adjusting quick... always been such a modest one. I've probably seen her two dozen times in a bikini, and not once even a nipple slip."
Matt, slightly beaming with pride at showing off his hot girlfriend, said, "Ya, as much as I want, she's never even given me a quick flash in public either. But earlier this week she hinted about trying something new and mumbling about overcoming fears. I could tell she'd been thinking a lot since our last diving trip when you, Keiko and Melody were nude most of the time."
As I stepped closer to the sleeping nymph and gazed intently between those long legs, Matt continued talking, "Ya, she does have a great snatch, huh. That's her usual pose when she sleeps, and I'll bet she'll be real embarrassed when she wakes up."
I finally had a chance to see if she was shaved, and to my delight, she was. Everything below that triangle patch was shaved clean. A sultry set of pink lips were just barely poking out.
Satisfied, I backed away from her while I couldn't help but take a long grope of my balls and rapidly inflating dick. I said to Matt, "Wow, she really does have one of the best I've seen, and I've seen a lot. It was worth the wait."
Being the usual jokester he is, Matt suggested that we have a little fun when she wakes up and finds herself spread eagle. He knew I usually brought along some camera equipment, so told me to get my small video camera and tripod. I caught on quick, so I dashed off to quickly return with the gear.
We set up the camera on the tripod at the end of the couch, and aimed it directly at her crotch, but didn't start it recording. We snickered like frat boys as we left for some beers in the galley, while still staying within sight of Ginnie.
Matt was telling me that he was starting to understand what I was saying about the teasing and excited about the next few days. Thinking for a long moment, he reluctantly asked me, "So, this teasing thing... um, how far will it go... because, um... Ginnie and I have never done anything in a group, or such. Although, I'm kinda intrigued. But ya know how conservative Gin can get, and she may flip at even the suggestion of..." Matt quickly cut off when Keiko entered the galley.
She said, "Those beers look tasty, I think I'll join ya." As Keiko muddled through the fridge for a beer, she said, "Suggest what to Ginnie?"
Matt and I mumbled for a moment, but I finally confessed after more prodding from my wife. I revealed that I'd been telling Matt about the sexual teasing that we get into with like-minded friends. How it's practically unavoidable with everything on display and all. Keiko nodded in agreement.
Matt still looked a little blown away, and said, "Well, it's definitely a surprise. When you first told us that your family were nudists, about a year ago, Ginnie and I thought it was a little weird, but we respected it. We talked about it back then and were ok, as long as you didn't pressure us to join you."
I replied, "Ya, but ever since then Ginnie has been asking both Keiko and I about it, separately of course. And on the last trip with you guys, she said it would be ok if Keiko, Melody and I wanted to get nude. So we did, and by the end of the weekend, she secretly admitted to me that she felt a little left out of the fun."
Keiko added, "Ya, and don't let her find out I said so, but we've been having some girl talks about you two and comparing notes. Oh, so that's what you guys were talking about when I walked in. Ya... she's ready."
All three of us were silent for awhile, obviously thinking about the erotic possibilities. Keiko broke the silence by asking Matt why he's been avoiding her so far. He sheepishly admitted, "Well, um... it's your, well... TITS!!... Up until our little talk here, I assumed it would be inappropriate to get a woody around here. And I know I would loose total control if I got a good look at those babies."
Keiko blushed at the complement, and with her adorable assertiveness, jumped up on the counter opposite Matt. Then slowly spread her legs wide, showing off her shaved crotch, and grabbed a handful of each finely-crafted breast. She then cooed, "Well, it's time then for you to take that good look. I didn't spend ten-grand on these for nothin ya know. And since you now see that it's ok, go ahead and let that big boy fly. I wanna see what Ginnie's been bragging about so much!"
With that, Matt finally took a good long look at the sexy, nubile Asian hottie on wanton display. The scene was so hot, I too inflated just watching another man ogling my wife.
At full erection, my dick stands straight out in front... leading the parade as Melody once said, and I'm always happy showing it off. Matt's dick at full erection curved like a banana pointing just about straight for the sky. He was plenty embarrassed though, until Keiko complemented him and said that both she and Ginnie would be delighted if he stayed that way the entire trip.
Matt agreed that it would be fun to try and keep it hard, especially now with the open season on teasing. He shuddered a little though, and asked about having a woody in front of the slightly naive Sara. Keiko told him not to worry about Melody, since she's seen plenty, but to keep it at bay for at least another day with Sara.
Just then we heard a muffled screech from the main cabin. We all ran to see what was obviously Ginnie waking to a camera pointed at her crotch. Matt and I laughed hysterically at the mortified Ginnie, as Keiko whacked me for such a dirty trick. The girls finally calmed down after I said it wasn't recording, but of course vowed to get back at us guys.
Still with sleepy eyes, Ginnie noticed the two erections, and with a jealous contempt asked what was going on. I said that we'll explain in the water, and I then lead everybody off the side of the boat for a playful swim.
Ginnie quickly understood the new rules and since she'd resigned herself of any prudeness already, just went with the flow and decided to have fun with it. This of course pleasantly surprised both Keiko and me, which kept both my dick and her nipples hard for a long time. The goggle-eyes between us was obvious, knowing the partner swapping to come.
Keiko dared us all to a naked shore excursion on the nearby island. It was only a short swim and it'd be fun shocking a few people. We took the dare, and Ginnie was even a little excited.
There were a few people nearby when we walked from the water, but we didn't cause any more commotion than a few stares. Typical Florida Keys, clothing optional. We walked down the beach a bit, but when we rounded the far point, a female voice called out to Ginnie. It was Sara's older sister, Rachel. Definitely shocked to see her aunt running around naked with three other people, the greetings were awkward, especially since Rachel knew her little sister was with Ginnie for the week.
Rachel was camping out with a girlfriend and her brother, all freshmen at the local college. Aaron and his sister, Bonnie, seemed to be more accepting of our nudity, being raised in Miami. The two girls filled their bikinis very well, which of course made me want to see them nude. We all chatted for a while and invited them to our clothing-optional boat in the cove. They were easy to convince, since they were broke and camping in a tent.
Rachel asked about Sara and hinted if she was also nude, but we said she was off with Melody and that only us four were nude. The explanation would've been convincing, until Bonnie saw the girl's skiff approaching my boat, and what appeared from that distance to contain two naked girls. This made it even more important that the three freshmen visit our boat, so I said that I'd be over later in the skiff to take them to our boat for dinner.
On our way back to the boat, Ginnie practically drowned me for inviting her other niece onboard, until I told her of my plan. I explained to Ginnie that at the moment, Rachel will snitch, but if we get her nude with us, she'll keep quiet for fear of getting snitched on herself. Ginnie thought the plan was sound, but wasn't sure that Rachel would get nude. I told her it wouldn't be hard, since from the looks of the beer cans in their cooler, they've already started drinking early today.
I couldn't wait to see these three college co-eds get naked, and even more excited to see their reactions to each other. More than likely, none of them have seen each other nude, yet secretly want to.
Arriving back at the boat, we find both Melody and Sara prancing around nude. I corner Melody for the details, and get the expected guarded details, "I was a good girl this time Daddy, not to worry. We found Tom's boat just where you thought it was and hung out with Tom's family for a bit. And yes, Sara and I arrived with our bikinis on. Tom's younger brother and older sister were there too. They're all really nice and asked a lot of questions about our boat. I think they had a 21-foot SeaRay or something, and they were really cramped. So I hope you don't mind, but I invited them over sometime this week."
I nodded that it was ok, but asked if she explained the dress code. She excitedly replied, "Well, I made sure the parents didn't hear, because I wasn't inviting them anyways, but I did tell them clothing is optional and Sara and I will probably be nude the whole time. They seemed ok, because they've seen naked people in the Keys already. We told them how much more fun they'll have if they join us, and how Sara has taken to it so quickly. They said they'd think about it. I suspect it's like you've always said, 'It's easier when everybody around you is doing it.'"
I asked how and when they might drop by, which Melody replied, "They're not leaving for another four days, like us, so they'll call us on the radio when they want to come over. I marked our position on their chart and gave them your monitor frequency."
Realizing a wrinkle in the plan, I asked, "Well, if they drive over to us, their parents might catch us nude and not let their kids stay. So, it's probably better if you go get them in the skiff, don't you think?" She agreed with my plan, hugged me, then sped off to the bridge to call and make sure they stay put.
As her bare butt wiggled up the ladder, I realized I didn't get an explanation for her nude return in the skiff. She has a tendency to leave out incriminating details like that. I stopped her when returning from the bridge, and in a stern, fatherly tone asked, "One more thing there young lady. I believe you left out why you two returned in the nude... and yes, we saw you from the shore."
Caught literally with her pants down, she confessed, "Well, um, when Sara and I were already in the skiff, about to leave, Tom's brother said he didn't believe us that we got naked on our boat. We swore that we did and said for them to watch us prove it. So, I made sure Tom's sister stood in the cabin door to make sure their parents stayed below, when Sara and I stripped as we sped off. All they saw were our backs, but we showed them alright."
I replied, "Alright, I suppose that wasn't so bad. Besides, seeing you two strip naked in an open boat, may give them added courage."
A few hours later, I sent Ginnie and Matt in the skiff to fetch Rachel and friends from the shore. They left with Matt in shorts and Ginnie in a bikini, and said they'd decide on the way whether to get nude or not. At Ginnie's request, for the time being at least, Melody and Sara donned bikinis.
The skiff returned in about a half hour without the co-eds. A nude Ginnie and Matt returned to report that Rachel and her friends would join us tomorrow night instead. Ginnie and Matt kept their clothes on when they began their search through the campground and eventually found the group's camp. Rachel and her friends were getting ready to go into Islamorada for some bar hopping. Ginnie tried her best, but only got them to promise joining us the next night. They were also still a little apprehensive about the whole nudity thing.
Matt said to them, "Well, you'll miss having fresh lobster tonight then. And don't be nervous about taking off your clothes. We're all friends and you'll love it once you get over the initial fear. It's so relaxing and liberating. This is actually our first day nude in public and you can see how comfortable we are already." Matt then dropped his shorts with Ginnie following his lead.
The three students stared again in shock, before Ginnie and Matt turned and walked nude back to the skiff. They took the long way through the campground, both feeling the need for an exhibitionist thrill. They walked proudly, and even skipped, past many wide-eyed campers on their way to the beached skiff.
The rest of the evening was quiet on the boat, enjoying fresh lobster and a late night swim. Everybody was really tired from the busy day and crashed early.
On the second morning at sea, Sara caught me with a morning hard-on as I emerged from my stateroom. I was still pretty groggy and didn't even realize my engorged state. Besides, it's usually not a big deal, because everybody else has seen me hard before. But Sara is transfixed on my crotch and quite beside herself with obvious mixed emotions. I knew from previous conversations that Sara didn't date much, so was probably a little on the inexperienced side when it came to sex.
But before I get a chance to apologize, Melody pipes in and says that I get that way in the morning or when I want to have sex with Mom. Now really embarrassed, I mumble something of an apology in attempted jest as I head to the bathroom.
I emerge shortly, relieved that my dick deflated quickly, and find Sara waiting in the hall staring once again at my crotch. Melody is behind her and whispered what I gathered was something about how my dick returned to it's normal size.
Throughout the trip so far, Sara did her best to avert looking at body parts not normally on display. I overheard Melody talking with her mother earlier about trying to convince Sara that it's ok to look, but that she was still extremely embarrassed by the whole nudist thing. Knowing how convincing my daughter can be, I'm sure Sara will be quite comfortable after a few days on the nudist Love Boat.
People seemed to be just doing their own things throughout the day, and the only excitement was a couple of small boats filled with guys that wanted to party with nude Ginnie and Keiko. We invited them aboard, but only if every guy abided by the dress code, nude. Both boatloads chickened out, as typical.
The underlying tone and sexual tension throughout the day hinted at the possibility of some public sex that evening. Nipples and dicks were rising throughout the day, helped along with the endless teasing. It seemed Matt was picked on the most.
I was excited that I'd soon be watched having sex with my wife, although it wouldn't be the first time in public. Only yesterday I finally saw my long-time friend Ginnie nude, and now I'll get to watch her have sex, wow! And if things go really well, Keiko will have a new dick to play with and I'll get to dip my own tool into Ginnie, fulfilling a five-year fantasy.
As darkness approached, Keiko and the two girls prepared dinner in the galley, as Ginnie and Matt set off again to fetch Rachel and her friends. This time though, they headed out in the skiff without any clothes. I busied myself preparing the evening music and wine selection.
Rachel, Aaron and Bonnie decided to join us this time, admitting they were hungry and curious about the whole nudity thing. The greetings were awkward, as the co-eds didn't know where to look when shaking hands of a nude stranger. Rachel was shocked at seeing her younger sister nude around everybody else, and her protective instincts demanded Sara cover herself. Rachel lost the ensuing fight between siblings when Sara and Ginnie ganged up on her. Sara and Melody then went inside to help in the galley, sensing the need for Rachel to cool off.
I did notice the three guests appeared to be sans underwear, which led me to believe they were at least considering going nude. Matt and I ducked inside to get drinks, as Rachel and Ginnie talked. Once all six of us had drinks, I asked if they would like to join us and get nude. Embarrassed, they slowly began to explain that the talk of the day had been about that subject. They confirmed my guess that neither has seen any of the others without clothes, which makes it doubly awkward. But, they decided to try it, as new things are what college is all about.
Silence on the aft deck ensued, with the three college co-eds nervously fidgeting. Trying to avoid looking at each other, or us three nudies. To ease their fears, and wait until the strong drinks take hold, I began in on my usual philosophical nudist speech. Matt and Ginnie also contributed, with thoughts on their recent conversion.
Melody and Sara surprised us when they shouted from the deck above us, "Mom said dinner would be ready soon, but we still have time for a quick swim!" As Sara's last words were heard from mid-air.
The excitement was just enough to break any fear, as Rachel, Aaron and Bonnie quickly stripped and were over the side. Matt and Ginnie joined them as I began preparing the aft deck for the feast.
When dinner was ready, the swimmers began climbing back on the boat. The three new co-eds were last, and although frolicking away just moments ago, they became pensive and hesitated getting out of the water. Ginnie helped calm their fears, and announced the rest of us would stay in the cabin until they were seated at the table, thus hiding their bottoms at least. We returned to find Rachel and Aaron nude and relatively comfortable, but Bonnie was nervously wrapped in a towel. We all settled in, and began on Keiko's seafood feast.
Towards the end of the meal, Bonnie still hadn't loosened that towel, so I called her on it. She sheepishly explained that all the time growing up with Aaron, less than a year older, they've never seen each other naked, and it was just so creepy. I voiced that I was shocked, since they grew up in free-spirited Miami and no doubt had plenty of opportunities. But the pair shook their heads in agreement.
A lively conversation ensued, as each of us at the table telling about our experiences with siblings, and not if, but when we each saw a naked sibling. Bonnie and Aaron both seemed surprised at how common it appeared, which seemed to make it just a little less creepy for them. They were sitting next to each other, and Aaron was the first to react. He pushed himself back from the table to the gaze of a curious, yet bashful Bonnie.
She let out a gasping yelp, as Aaron apologized for his embarrassing erection that only she could see. The rest of us laughed, and assured Aaron not to be embarrassed. His erection is a natural reaction and accepted amongst us. Keiko even teased that Matt and I may just join him when Bonnie and Rachel expose their all.
With all eyes now on her towel, Bonnie said, "What a day this has been, huh. Well, alright, I suppose it's only fair then." She pushed herself back from the table as Aaron had, allowing only her brother a view below her waist, and ceremoniously unwrapped her towel. Aaron was just in silent stare, as the rest of us marveled in awe at her spectacular boobs. The perfectly-shaped C-cups stood proud, and were capped by very suckable nipples.
Unable to contain himself, Matt blurted out, "Wow, your tits are awesome... shake them a little, please, please." Feeling a newfound freedom, she gives them a couple shakes back and forth, to the group's applause.
Ginnie looks down to find Matt sporting a full erection under the table, and couldn't resist saying, "Hey, it looks like my boyfriend really likes you Bonnie. Stand up honey, and show them how much you're a breast man." To the encouraging cheers from all the women.
Knowing he doesn't really have a choice, he stands up and proudly waves his dick for all to see. He then motions for Aaron to stand up, while also asking me if I have one yet. I answer, "It looks like I'm only about half mast, but you know I'm more of a pussy man myself. Although, I think Rachel and Bonnie could coax it out of me... ladies?"
Aaron was in his own little world transfixed on his sister and didn't even hear Matt's request to stand up. It took an elbow jab in the ribs from Bonnie to bring him back, as she said, "OK bro, I will if you will. We gotta do this sometime. You too Rachel... one, two, three." And on three, they all stood up to the gawking eyes of us all.
Rachel already had her boobs on display during dinner. They were not very big, and matched her skinny frame. They were creamy white from a lack of sun, but during dinner, her nipples grew very prominent and quite erect.
When Rachel stood up though, she revealed her best asset. She had a pencil-sized line of hair emerging from between her still-crossed legs. I was anxious to see those stems parted, no doubt harboring a shaved pussy.
The women were delighted to see Aaron in full glory. He was definitely smaller than Matt and I, but being almost 20 years younger, his dick stood straight up, the tip almost touching his belly.
The rest of Bonnie's body certainly complemented her awesome boobs. Her pubic hair still had full coverage, but was blond like her head. So her pink lips were easily seen, even as she kept her legs tightly together like Rachel. This is definitely going to be a fun night.
Rachel wondered if I'd kept up my part of the bargain, and said to me, "Well, here we are. Did it work? Are you hard yet? Let's see."
I took a quick look, and then said to the girls, "I'm sorry, but not quite yet. It still needs just a little more encouragement ladies, and I wouldn't want to disappoint you two. I'm sure if you gave me a little more of a peek, we'd have lift-off for sure."
Bonnie and Rachel both rolled their eyes, but eventually gave in, and stepped back to sit up on the railing with legs crossed. Keiko wanted to play too, and coaxed Ginnie to join her on the rail with the two co-eds.
Keeping in the spirit of my "lift-off," Keiko counted down from 10. When she reached "lift-off", the four women opened their legs for us guys. I was already very hard from the anticipation. So to the awaiting cheers, I stood to show-off a super erection, compete with purple helmet and swollen veins. We all laughed hysterically, bringing an end to all the tension and ready for the campfire songs, so to speak.
We then cleaned up the remnants of dinner and sat around the aft deck in bliss. The music was playing, the air was warm and the wine was flowing. I took the opportunity to get the games started and said, "So you newbies can see that our version of nudism is just a little more amorous than hanging around naked. We really don't have any hang-ups about our bodies and we celebrate that we're sexual beings. So, feel free to ask questions to anybody about their bodies or sexual habits. The teasing is the fun part. Also, go ahead and touch whatever of whomever you desire."
Breaking the shocked silence, I said, "Let's start off with you, Rachel. What burning question do you have for any one of us?"
She thought for a bit and then shyly asked, "Well, at the moment, I'm just thrilled to finally see Aaron naked. I've wanted to since the first time we met, about four years ago. So, Aaron, I really like your dick... and, um... can I touch it?"
An eager Aaron nodded with excitement, and confessed himself about always wanting to explore her body too. He and his sister then stood to swap seats. As they were maneuvering around the crowded deck, he playfully brushed his semi-erect dick across his sister's taught belly, leaving a trail of pre-ejaculate ooze. A totally creeped-out Bonnie reeled at him and punched him good in his arm, while sternly reminding him they are brother and sister.
Keiko piped in to say, "Hey, brothers aint so bad. They're pretty convenient, and keep their mouths shut." We all looked at her with curiosity and vowed to press her later for some stories.
Rachel quickly grabbed a handful of Aaron's dick and balls. She kept at it as if it had been a long time for her. He quickly became full erect and pleaded with her to stop before erupting. She stopped squeezing, but kept her hand around his shaft for the next hour or so.
I then next asked Ginnie if I could play lightly with her pussy. Gaining approval from Matt first, she laid face-up across my and Keiko's laps. I got to finger her pussy lips while Keiko teased her nipples, as we all continued chatting.
Thus began a free for all of pulling, grabbing and squeezing body parts. The sexual excitement in the air was thick, as we chased each other around the deck. And after a few hours of sexy talk, teasing and groping, Keiko and I started in with the serious stuff. I made sure we had an audience, and then lifted her up against me as I stand. My beautifully-excited wife wrapped her legs around me as she lowered herself onto my super-erect dick. We began screwing in earnest.
Matt and Ginnie were next, followed by Rachel and Aaron. Everybody was grinning with the excitement of watching and being watched. Bonnie piped about being left without a partner, so I sensed we needed to take this to the next level. I positioned Keiko so that Bonnie could suck on her nipples while I continued pumping. I then moved behind Bonnie, and slipped my dick into her awaiting pussy. I grab handfuls of her soft and pendulous boobs as I pump away; gaining the attention of the entire boat.
By the end of the night, each of us had our turn with everyone else. Even Aaron and Bonnie had a go at it, no doubt opening up a new chapter between brother and sister.
The next morning we all awoke in a pile of intertwined naked bodies. After the hangovers subsided to a manageable level, the three newbies asked if they could stay with us for the rest of the trip. A collective "yes" made them an official part of our nudist clan.