My wife's name is Jane and the moment I met her I knew she was no "Plain Jane."
I wanted to fuck her the first time I saw her but just knew she was out of my league.
Her brunette hair cascaded to her shoulders and wrapped itself around the most exquisite face I had ever seen. She was wearing a cream-colored silk blouse that was almost sheer. She had on a lacy bra that was visible through the luxurious fabric. The bra was embracing a set of breasts that were set perky and high. Her nipples protruded through the lacy bra and the fabric on her blouse. She was wearing a black leather miniskirt with dark seamed up the back hose. On her feet, she had on a pair of black four-inch high-heeled shoes that made her fabulous legs look even sexier than they already were. All this and a statuesque five foot eleven inch frame.
She was across the room talking to another woman who was also a knockout.
My friend saw me staring at her and said, "Forget it Buddy, she is not looking for a guy like you. She is way out of our league."
"Who is she?" I asked.
"That my friend is Jane." He responded.
"She is fucking beautiful!" I exclaimed.
"Yes she is and every guy in the room wants in her panties right now." He said.
Jane then turned around and her ass stretched across the black leather skirt made my heart skip a beat.
Her and the woman she was talking to walked toward some stairs and started up them. Jane knew there were many eyes on her, and she made every move look as sexy as possible. It looked like she was on the hunt for some cock and the way she looked she would have no problem finding it.
I turned to my friend George and said, "I have got to meet her!"
"I can introduce you but be ready for a very cold shoulder." He replied.
"Just introduce us and I will take it from there." I told him.
We began walking toward the stairs she had just climbed. Jane and her friend were standing at the balcony looking down on the crowd. I looked up just as she looked down at George and me. I was hoping that she did not think I was some sort of a pervert trying to get an up skirt shot of her. I quickly looked back down and continued up the stairs.
George and I got to the top of the stairs and he said, "Act like we are just walking by, not interested."
We walked closer to Jane and her friend and acted as if we were not heading for them.
When we got even with them, we kept looking straight ahead and just about the time we were passing them Jane asked, "George are you just going to walk by and not say Hi?"
"Oh, Jane, I did not see you there." George lied. Then he asked, "How have you been?"
"Doing great, how about you?" She asked.
"Everything is great." He responded.
He then said, "Jane have you ever met my friend Chance?"
"No, I don't think so." She said as she held out her hand.
I took her hand and my whole body tingled with excitement at touching even the hand of such an exquisite creature. "Hello, nice to meet you." I said.
She asked, "Have either of you ever met my friend Lori?"
"No." George and I almost said in unison.
Jane then said, "Lori this is George and Chance."
She held out her hand and we each shook it.
Lori was a blonde with a huge set of tits and a beautiful face. I then looked at the rest of her body and it was almost as nice as Jane's was.
"Can we buy you two a drink?" George asked.
"Sure." Jane responded nodding at Lori who nodded back at Jane.
"What are you drinking?" I asked.
I then headed to the bar to get our drinks.
I headed back to the railing with the drinks and suggested, "There is a table open over there how about we sit down."
They all agreed and we went to the table.
We chatted and listened to the band. It turned out that Jane had divorced her husband only a year ago and Lori had divorced hers about three months ago.
I asked Jane, "How long were you married?"
"Almost fifteen years." She replied.
"Really! You don't look old enough to have been married that long." I responded.
She grinned and replied, "Thank-you but I'm thirty-six."
My jaw dropped open, "Really? I would have guessed you at least ten years younger."
I was twenty-eight and just knew she was younger than I was or at least about the same age.
"You look fantastic!" I exclaimed.
The waitress came by and I asked, "Everyone up for another round?"
Everyone was so we ordered another drink.
The night continued and after four drinks, I finally got the nerve to ask Jane to dance.
"Sure." She replied.
My heart was racing as we headed down the stairs to the dance floor.
When we got to the floor, the band was playing some classic rock and Jane immediately began moving to the music. I watched this beautiful woman gyrating to the music. Her large tits were bouncing up and down to the music and with her body. She then turned and rubbed her ass against my crotch and began grinding into it like a scene from Dirty Dancing. She then quickly turned around, wrapped her arm around my neck, leaned back putting her legs on each side of one of mine, and pushed against me in another Dirty Dancing move. I watched her tits as she pushed against my leg. My cock was beginning to stiffen as she continued dancing.
The song ended and they then played "Old Time Rock and Roll."
"This is one of my all time favorites." Jane said as she began shaking her hips.
I stood moving with the music but her moves made me look like a mannequin. I simply stared at her body as she undulated to the music. She turned around and her ass was simply magnificent with the black leather stretched across it. So that she could move even better she pulled the skirt up a bit more. Then I saw the seamed hose were attached to a black garter.
"Holy shit!" My mind reeled. This was one of my all time fantasies to fuck a woman wearing a garter and hose. My cock was now uncomfortably hard in my jeans.
The song ended and the band slowed it down with a slow song.
Jane walked to me, I reached for her, and we embraced in a slow dance. I could feel her tits rubbing against my chest and my hands were wrapped around her waist feeling the softness of her silk blouse. She pulled in closer and her body was now against my hard cock.
I wondered if she could feel it.
"Is this old woman making your cock hard or did you see some young thing that did it?" She blatantly asked.
"You are not an old woman and yes it is you doing this to me." I replied.
She let her hand drift to my ass and then said, "You have a nice tight butt."
I let my hand move to her ass, felt her tight ass through the leather fabric, and responded with, "Yours feels great too."
We moved slowly to the music with our hands on each other's ass until I felt her hand leave mine and then suddenly it slipped between us and she rubbed my hard cock.
"I had to know if it was all cock. It is and I like what I'm feeling." She whispered in my ear.
The music stopped and she said, "I need another drink."
We headed back up the stairs and to our table to rejoin George and Lori.
As we got to the table Lori said, "It looks like you two had a good time down there."
Jane just replied, "We had a real good time didn't we Chance?"
"I know I had good time." I smiled at Jane.
Jane then said, "Excuse me I need to use the Ladies Room. Lori do you want to go with me?" As she nodded in the direction of the restrooms.
"Sure." Lori got up.
The girls walked away and I watched Jane's ass as he disappeared around the corner.
"You lucky son of a bitch!" George exclaimed.
I looked at him with a smile and replied, "What?"
"You can score the hottest bitch in the place. I have been trying to fuck that for over a year now." He said.
"I don't know if we are there yet?" I answered trying to be a gentleman.
"What the fuck? Are you blind, deaf and stupid! She wants to fuck you and you better not let this opportunity pass. There have been many guys hit on her and very few I know of had any luck. The ones who have came back and said it was absolutely incredible fucking her." He replied.
"Maybe you have a shot at Lori." I said.
"No man she is extremely hot but she isn't going to fuck me." He answered shaking his head.
The waitress came by and we ordered another drink for all of us.
"How do you know she won't?" I asked him.
"You just get a feeling when someone is hot for you and she is not for me." He answered.
Jane and Lori came back around the corner from the restroom smiling. I wondered what their conversation was like in the Ladies Room.
Jane sat back down next to me but this time she sat closer than before. Lori sat down next to George but he was right she sat actually further away from him.
"We ordered another round of drinks while you were gone," I said to them.
Jane then leaned into me touching my thigh close to my cock and whispered, "After this drink can we get out of here?"
"You bet." I replied.
After she said that, it was hard to not be like in the movies and yell out "Check Please!" but I did not and stayed calm although my dick was stiffening up already. My cock was ahead of things and thinking about sliding into the smooth velvety pussy of this beautiful Cougar!
Jane was very much that. She was one of those slightly older women who went out looking for a younger guy to fuck. I appeared to be her prey for tonight.
She left her hand on my thigh as she continued to talk to Lori and George. She would actually move it closer and closer to my cock until the side of her hand was resting against my balls. My poor cock was straining against my jeans and was becoming painful. I wanted to stand up and let it loose from being folded over but knew that would be inappropriate.
I thought the drinks would never arrive and it was hard once again to not down it and say, "Let's go" but again that would have been childish and Jane was not looking for a child she was looking for a man to satisfy her desires.
The conversation was going forward without me because all I could think about was her hand next to my cock.
Suddenly I heard, "Chance, Chance?"
Jane was looking at me and I woke up from my stupor, "What?" I replied.
Jane just laughed and asked, "Where were you or do I have to ask?"
"I think you know." I replied as I finished the last of my drink.
She sat grinning at me and said, "Ok then." She finished her drink and asked, "Are you ready?"
"Yes, I'm ready." I replied.
She leaned to my ear again and asked, "I'm not sure you are ready for me."
I looked straight into her eyes as she looked into mine and answered, "Are you sure you are ready for me?"
She grinned and stood up, "George and Lori, Chance and I are leaving."
George looked at me as if he wanted to say, "You lucky bastard."
Jane grabbed my hand and headed for the door.
"Where are we going, your place or mine?" I asked.
"We are going to my place. Lori and I talked in the bathroom and she is staying with me while she is in town. She will stay gone until about two." She explained.
I looked at my watch. It was ten thirty. That would give us several hours before she got to Jane's house.
"Did you drive?" Jane asked me.
"No, I rode with George." I replied.
"That's fine we can take my car. I gave Lori money for a cab." She replied.
We got to her car, which truly matched her. She drove a little red convertible Mustang.
"Here you drive." She said throwing me the keys.
We got into the car and I glanced over at her stocking covered legs. Her black mini had pulled higher on her legs and the garter belt of my fantasies was showing beneath her skirt. The creamy soft skin above the stockings made my cock jump.
I started the car, pulled out onto the street, and asked her, "Where are we going?"
"Turn right at the light." She answered.
I turned right and glanced over at Jane as the street lights lit up the interior of the car. Her blouse was unbuttoned another button and her cleavage was clearly visible as was the soft mound of her right breast as it disappeared into the lacy white bra.
She reached across the console, put her hand on my thigh, and said, "You better watch the road and not my tits or we will never make it to the good part."
I smiled and turned back to the road.
We drove about three miles and she said, "Turn left on twenty third up ahead."
I turned left and she said, "Turn right into the drive where the white house is."
I turned into the drive of a small but very nicely landscaped yard.
"Your house is beautiful, I guess you like flowers?" I asked.
"Yard work keeps me in shape and it is good therapy." She replied.
She opened the car door and got out. As she did, I watched her and her skirt had rode up high enough that I could see her ass as she did. She was wearing a little black thong.
I opened my door and followed her to the front door. She inserted the key and we walked in.
The inside of her home was as impeccable as the outside. It was done in whites and cream tones and was very intimately lit.
"Make yourself at home. I will be back in just a minute." She said.
I sat on the couch as she went down the hallway.
I had sat there for about five minutes when I heard, "Uhmmm."
I looked up and Jane was standing there in the dim light. She had changed out of her blouse and skirt and was standing there in a long, black sheer robe. She had kept the garter and hose on under the robe. She had also left the high heels on. I could see her full breasts topped by light pink areola and hard nipples through her robe.
"Wow! Whoever said Plain Jane has never met you." I said.
She grinned and strutted toward me on the couch. She held out her hand and I took it. She pulled me to my feet and we kissed for the first time. She kept hold of my hand and guided me down the hallway and we turned into her bedroom.
She had lit five or six candles and her bedroom was glowing in a soft light. She had turned back the bed and there were white satin sheets on it.
She turned around, looked me straight in the eyes, and asked, "Are you ready for the best sex of your life?"
I looked down her body at her cleavage between the opening in her robe. Her tits were real and sat high on her chest with nipples hard and pink.
"Yes, I'm ready." I responded, as my cock was growing hard in my jeans.
Jane then untied the thin string holding her robe together and let it slide off her smooth sexy shoulders. It fell to the floor at her feet.
I looked down her body to her now naked tits and across her flat stomach. Her garter belt was wrapped around her thin waist and extended to the top of her silky hose.
She turned me around and sat me on the edge of the bed. She stepped back so that I could take in the erotic view of her entire body. She reached for the waistband of her thong, pulled it down her hips, and then turned around so that I could watch the thong slide from between her heart shaped ass cheeks. She bent over and her ass and pussy were visible as she pulled the thong off her legs.
She turned back around and her pussy was beautiful. She had a tight pussy with minimal lips and a small strip of fuzz above her clit.
She stepped to me, pushed me back onto the bed, and unfastened my belt, then my pants. She unzipped them and began pulling them off my waist.
I lifted my ass off the bed as she pulled them off my body. She stopped to take off my shoes and socks then pulled my pants off my legs.
She then got on her knees between my legs and wrapped her hand around my cock. She seductively looked me in the eyes and then leaned to me. She opened her mouth and sucked the head of my cock into her. She let her tongue dance across the head and then tickled the tender underside, which caused my cock to jerk. She pulled off my cock and licked the entire shaft and then to my balls.
She sucked each ball into her mouth and licked them. She then did something that I had never had done before. She lifted my balls and licked under them and to the area between my balls and ass.
"OHHHH MY GAWD!" Came out of my mouth so suddenly that I thought, did I just say that?
She moved back up my cock licking it then sucked it back into her mouth. I had my head back looking at the ceiling and when I looked back down to her she was looking at me watching my reactions to her manipulations of my cock. Her sexy hazel eyes were enough to make me cum.
I watched her as she slowly worked my entire cock into her mouth and throat. I could feel the head of my cock slip down her throat.
"OHHH FUCK!" I moaned.
She slipped my cock from her mouth and stroked it a few times then stood up and I took in her beauty again as she climbed onto the bed and laid in the middle of it.
I stood up turned around and pulled my shirt over my head.
I climbed onto the bed and got between her legs. I leaned up to her and kissed her red lips then worked down to her neck kissing her jaw.
I kissed her chest to her tits and then kissed one of her hard nipples sucking it into my mouth.
Now she moaned, "Mmmmmmm"
I moved to the other breast, sucked this nipple into my mouth, and sucked her hard nipple flicking it with my tongue.
She grabbed my head and ran her hands through my hair. I kissed her breasts and then went to her stomach to her naval and licked my tongue in her naval, which caused her to squirm. I was relishing in the scent of her skin all the way down.
I moved down on the bed so that I could get between her legs as she pulled her knees up opening herself to me.
I kissed the soft short fuzz of hair and knew I was on the right path to her clit. I laid down on my stomach, placed my hands under her ass, and pulled her up to my mouth.
I let my tongue lick the tight little lips to her pussy and she moaned again. I then let my tongue slip between her lips to let it slid into her pussy. Her pussy was wet and her juices were sweet on my tongue.
I moved up to her clit that was hard and protruding from it's hiding place. I let my tongue circle it and Jane mewed, "Ohhhh yes."
I placed my mouth over her clit and sucked on it as my tongue flicked it softly.
"Oh my gawd." She moaned.
She grabbed my head again, ran her fingers through my hair, and then pushed my head onto her clit.
I continued to suck and flick her clit until she was breathing heavily and her hips were moving in my hands.
I knew she was getting close to her orgasm and sucked harder on her clit and then she broke loose.
"Ohhhhh fuck yesssss! She moaned and her body convulsed as her thighs locked my head between her legs.
I held her clit in my mouth letting her come down from her orgasm. When it was obvious that she was on her way down, I started again sucking her clit that was now fully extended. Her juices were getting my entire face wet.
She quickly convulsed again and came even harder this time.
She then grabbed my head and pulled me up to her. With her juices covering my face I kissed her soft lips and let my cock lay against her pussy. She opened her legs and I leaned forward letting my cock just barely slip inside her hot, wet pussy.
"Oh my gawd yes Chance fuck me." She seductively ordered.
I leaned in more and felt my cock slip into her velvety smooth pussy. She then wrapped her silky hose covered legs around me.
This is the feeling that I had always wanted to feel. Sexy, silky hose covered legs around my waist as I fucked a beautiful woman.
I sank fully into her, raised myself from her, and looked down at her beautiful face as the candlelight danced off it. Her eyes were filled with lust and I withdrew and then plunged back into her as her red lips pursed together and she moaned.
I wanted the feeling of her legs wrapped around me to last so I was going at her slowly not wanting it to end too quickly.
She began raising her hips to me and I quickened my pace. I was leaning forward to put some friction against her clit wanting her to come again.
My cock was slipping in and out of her pussy. I could feel her wet warmth enveloping my cock.
She then began massaging my cock with her pussy muscles and it was a feeling I had never experienced with a younger girl.
"OOHHHH FUCK!" I moaned as she milked the cum from my cock.
I fought the urge but could not hold back any longer.
"Cum on my tits!" She softly said.
I tensed and grabbed the base of my cock to fight the flow of cum. I crawled to her side and stroked my cock a few times and the orgasm nearly caused me to pass out as I shot load after load onto her beautiful tits.
After I had finished she took her hands and began rubbing my cum into her tits and stomach. I watched as her skin glistened in the candle light. The seductive look in her eyes as she stared at me was enthralling.
She said, "I think I need a shower how about you?"
She sat up and crawled out of bed. She reached down, took off her shoes, and walked to the bathroom.
She turned and looked seductively over her shoulder and asked, "Are you coming?"
"Yes, I was just taking a moment to enjoy the view." I answered.
She smiled and disappeared through the door. I got off the bed as I heard the water turn on.
When I stepped into the bathroom, Jane was getting in the shower. She still had her garter and stockings on.
"It is your fantasy I thought I would leave them on just for you." She said as she stepped into the running water.
I stepped in behind her and wrapped my arms around her cupping her breasts in my hands and feeling their weight as I let my thumbs massage her erect nipples.
She laid her head back against my chest and let the warm water flow across her.
She then turned and we kissed. It was a long and deep passionate kiss.
When we separated, she grabbed the body wash and poured some into her hands. She then placed her hands on my chest and let her slippery fingers rub my nipples which quickly responded by becoming puckered and erect. My nipples were not the only thing that was getting erect.
As my cock rose up and touched her stomach, she moved her slippery hands to it and massaged it. She was alternating hands on each stroke pulling on it with her slippery hands. My cock was again fully erect.
I reached for the body wash and poured it directly onto her chest. I began soaping and washing her breasts as she continued to wash my cock.
I put some wash on my hands and turned her around. I started at her neck and then moved down her strong sexy back, across her garter belt to her little heart shaped ass.
I let my hands knead and massage her luscious globes of flesh and then let my fingers slip between those globes and massage her tight little rectum.
"Mmmmmmmm." She moaned as my fingers brushed against her puckered hole.
I let my hands next drift around the front of her body and slip to her pussy. I ran my hands along her thighs to where the garter was attached to her stockings. I unfastened them one button at a time until her garter was hanging. I knelt down so that my face was staring at her ass and began rolling her stockings down her strong sexy legs one at a time.
She stepped out of them, I then stood and unhooked her garter, and it fell to the shower floor.
"Had enough of one fantasy for tonight?" She asked.
"For now yes. I just want to see your sexy body naked now." I answered.
I stood up in the shower as she turned around to face me. I just stood and looked at her.
"My gawd you are gorgeous! I said to her.
She turned back around to turn off the water. She opened the shower door, grabbed a towel, and handed it to me. I did not use it on my self but instead began drying off her body.
When she was dry, she took the towel and in turn dried me off. Once we were both dry Jane stepped out of the shower and led me to the bedroom.
"Get on the bed on your back." She ordered.
I crawled onto the bed and laid down. She then followed me and straddled my body. She was sitting on my stomach and then reached over my head, grabbing one of my wrists. She pulled a pair of fur-lined handcuffs from the corner of the bed and fastened me to the poster of her bed. She then reached across to the other poster. Her tits were hanging in my face as she did this and I could not resist licking her nipple. She grabbed my other wrist and fastened it to another set of handcuffs on the other poster.
Her beautiful sexy eyes sparkled as she looked at me and said, "You are all mine now."
She slid up my body until she was sitting on my chest and her pussy was just out of reach of my tongue.
I looked up her body as she peered over her tits at me and she asked, "Would you like to suck on my pussy for me?"
"Yes I would!" I exclaimed.
She smiled and scooted closer so that her pussy was against my mouth. I immediately let my tongue slide along her slit as she leaned slightly forward and offered her clit to me. I pulled her hard nub between my lips so I could suck and lick it with my tongue.
"Oh gawd yessssss." Jane moaned as I sucked her.
Her juices were flowing from her wet pussy and covered my face when I heard Jane say, "Oh, Hi Lori. Is it two already? Would you like to join us? I know it has been awhile since you have had a hard cock and I'm willing to share."
I could not see Lori as I had pussy plastered in my face and did not know what her response was.
"Keep licking Honey. I want to cum on your face and I think Lori is going to fuck your hard cock while you bring me off." Jane said.
My mind went "Holy Shit!"
Suddenly I felt a hand on my cock as apparently Lori was guiding it to her pussy.
Then I felt my cock slip into a tight pussy as she sank fully onto me. I was trying to visualize in my head what the view must be like. Lori riding my cock with her tits rubbing against Jane's back.
I began licking and sucking Jane's pussy with a renewed fervor as Lori began riding up and down on my cock. The scene of what it must look like was racing through my mind and Jane groaned.
"OHHHH GAWD YESSSSSSSS!" She moaned as I felt a rush of fluid gush from her pussy. She was rocking her pussy back and forth on my face as she came.
When it had subsided, she lifted a leg over my head and climbed off me.
For the first time I got to see the naked Lori riding on my cock.
She was gorgeous naked as her big tits moved up and down on her chest as she fucked me.
My glimpse only lasted for a moment because Jane turned around and straddled my chest again and was facing Lori. Jane's ass was in my face, she then scooted back until her ass, and pussy was on my face. I again took up licking and sucking her sweet puckered hole and her pussy. I could tell from the movement that Jane and Lori were kissing and fondling each other. I wanted so badly to grab Jane's hips and fuck her with my tongue but due to the restraints could not.
Lori sat fully on my cock and I heard her say, "Ohhhh yessssss Jane right there."
Jane was apparently massaging her clit with my cock deep inside her. Lori's pussy muscles were rippling along my cock and squeezing it like a vice.
My whole body tensed and I groaned, "OHHHHH FUCK!"
My cum exploded from my cock and into Lori's pussy as she also had an orgasm from Jane fingering her clit.
When Lori and I had finished coming Jane crawled off my chest and face and I watched as Lori dismounted my softening cock.
Jane grabbed Lori and laid her on the bed next to me. She then climbed on top of her in a sixty-nine position so she could eat my cum from Lori's pussy.
I could not believe it. I was watching two beautiful women pleasure each other. I could see Lori as she licked and sucked on Jane's pussy. I could tell that Jane was also licking and sucking from the look on Lori's face. Jane was licking my cum from Lori's pussy I could not believe it.
My cock was getting hard again watching these two go at it.
"OOHHHH FUCK!" Lori moaned as she shivered from Jane's oral prowess.
Lori dove back into Jane's pussy and sucked on her like she was trying to suck her clit off her body.
Jane groaned, "OHHHH FUCK, OHHHHH SHIT!"
Her body was quivering as Lori licked her to a mind shattering orgasm.
Jane climbed off Lori and turned to me. Her mouth was shiny from Lori and my combined juices.
"I have got to fuck his cock now!" Jane said.
She straddled my body and guided my hard cock to her pussy. I felt my cock slip into the warmth and wetness of her pussy.
Jane then leaned forward letting her tits rest on my chest as she kissed me. Her tongue slipped into my mouth and we kissed deeply. I could taste the mixture of my juices and Lori's on her tongue. She then rose back up and put her hands on my chest as she rode my cock hard and fast. She grabbed my nipples and was pinching and rolling them between her fingers to the point of being painful but seemed to know just when to let off to cause pleasure and not pain.
Lori got on her knees and leaned toward Jane and I watched as their full red lips pressed against each other.
Lori then moved one of Jane's hands and leaned down to suck on one of my nipples. Her long blonde hair smelled sweet as it laid against my face.
Lori then rose backup and leaned to Jane again. She reached for one of her bouncing tits. Jane stopped and sat fully on my cock with her vaginal muscles continuing to massage my cock. Lori leaned to Jane and sucked one of her nipples into her mouth while her other hand moved to Jane's pussy.
Lori massaged the base of my cock where it disappeared into Jane's pussy and then went to Jane's clit and began massaging it.
"OOOHHHHH FUCK YESSSSSS!" Jane moaned as she squirmed on my cock.
Jane was slowly rocking back and forth on my cock and Lori was sucking her nipple while fingering her clit. I watched in amazement wanting so badly to touch their bodies but all I could do was watch and enjoy.
"OH my GAWD!" Jane breathed heavily as her body tensed. She then stopped breathing as her whole body began to shudder in an intense orgasm.
When her orgasm was subsiding she began bouncing up and down on my cock.
The erotic sights and sounds and the friction on my cock made me explode my cum deep inside Jane's pussy.
"OHHH FUCK!" I groaned as I pulled against my restraints in a violent orgasm.
Jane rolled off my cock on one side of me while Lori laid back on the other side.
I was trying to catch my breath, as was Jane while Lori laid on her side just watching both of us.
After Jane had come down and regained her composure she got off the bed and went to the bathroom. I heard the water running and Lori joined her. I heard them whispering but could not make out what was being said.
Jane and Lori came back out and Jane had a washcloth and a towel in her hand.
"We better clean you up." She said as she wrapped a warm washcloth around my cock and wiped it off. She then dried me off. She got up and went back to the bathroom. She returned and laid on the bed beside me. Lori was lying on the other side.
"Lori let his wrist loose." Lori reached up and undid the cuffs while Jane did likewise on the other wrist.
I let my heavy arms fall to my side and they both laughed knowing they had probably gone numb from being pulled up for so long.
I looked at the clock.
"Damn, it is five fifteen. I better get going." I said.
"Just stay here with us tonight." Jane said.
She got up to blow out the candles. I again watched her sexy body as the bedroom got darker and darker.
She climbed back into bed. We pulled the sheet over all three of us and I laid there between two beautiful sexy women.
"How in the hell am I supposed to sleep?" was running through my mind.
But, soon I drifted off to sleep wondering what tomorrow was going to bring.