Editor's Note: All participants, while not real, they are offered and depicted as over 18 years of age.
Another winter in Hoboken!
Not as comfortable as Belize, but it's where the work takes you.
Sharon and Pam had a plan now. One that was a little more complete than, 'make a lot of money, then stop working'.
Two weeks in the sun would make anyone want to relocate south, but running a sail charter, like the one they had crewed, had the advantage of putting a roof over their heads, and bringing in an income. The paradise of the Caribbean is just a bonus!
Pam was the first to start working at Charlot's Way 6 years ago, first as a waitress, then as a part time stripper, which always leads to a full time peeler.
Sharon came along, when Pam was just learning to strip. As a waitress, Sharon was a disaster, dropping trays all over the place. With her good looks it was only a matter of time before she was forced to make the move, or to find other employment.
Soon they were a couple, so Sharon following Pam into the shadowy world of stripping, was inevitable. Then, they found that Sharon was a natural exhibitionist. She loved to peel! She loved to make people horny! She loved sex!
Pam suggested a move to The Gingerbread House, were the Stage Manager Carol had insisted that there was no hankie pankie with management, and no prostitution or the sale of drugs. Staying at the old joint, meant blowjobs for management and security, and the constant draw and trouble, created by the other vices.
Most Exotic Dancers are lured by, and sustained by the big bucks, but these two ladies were rare gems, they love the sexy job, and the lifestyle that goes with it!
"We have more than enough for a down payment for our own Cat, and I don't want to wait," Sharon pouted, as she changed into her stripper outfit.
Pam took in her partner's beauty, with a sigh. She was only a year younger, and yet she had the patience and impulse control of a child.
"It would be ridiculous to throw away money on a new boat, only to have Marny and her daughter, tell us that we've wasted our money! We want to invest, and eventually join them, full time," Pam explained. "Lets chat with them, and maybe visit again, before we do anything that can't be undone!"
The night was a good one, with plenty of lustful touches from a cougar that one guy brought with him. They came right through to the Emerald Rooms and asked for Pam and Sharon. She was paying, while he just watched, and sipped his coke.
Sylvia was around 45, and carried an extra 25 pounds, but she carried it proud, and high! She had a heavy duty lift-up bra, a modern corset and a fun filled heart.
She went home, hot and wet, and they both wondered what she did to quench that thirst. For their part, they had each other.
Sunday morning they thought it would be good to call early, so Pam found the number that Marny had given her, as soon as she had the coffee machine working.
"Seafaring Delight Charters, how can I help you," said a sexy young voice, on speaker phone.
"Hi, this is Pam Davis, my friend and I sailed with Marny last month," she started.
"Oh, yes, mom told me about that cruise, you guys gave those customers the trip of a lifetime, please tell me you're calling for a repeat trip," she replied with unguarded delight.
"Well, Sharon and I are interested in investing in your business, and we would love to come down, fairly soon to talk about it, if you and your mother are interested," Pam responded, hoping that Marny might have mentioned our conversation.
There was unintelligible murmurs in the background, then Marny came on.
"Hi girls, Java says you're interested in working with us, or investing?"
"Yes we need the sun!" Sharon jumped up and put her two bits in.
" I think what we need is another week, and a serious sit down with the owners of Seafaring Delight Charters," Pam concluded.
We were going back in two weeks! They had a trio of Nurses in for the next 14 days, and they were steady customers, with 8 Nurses from the Chicago and Detroit hospitals rotating in, they crewed as much as 1/3 of their charters.
All of the Strippers at any of the Steward House Properties were owners of their own business, not employees, so getting time off was more a matter of letting Carol know their availability. As their financial manager she also advised them about money matters.
"You can self direct up to $50,000 each from your 401ks for foreign investing, but any further, and you would need to take out a loan or pay the income tax on your pension money," Carol advised. "If you work for five more years, you will be able to retire, but only if your expenses are low, as they would be in Belize."
The big man that picked them up at the Belize Airport, wore coveralls, and his hands were rough and stained with grease.
"Sorry ladies, but my work on engines has made it so that they never come totally clean, until the work is done, which it seldom is," he said, then introduced himself.
"I'm Java's husband Rob, but you can call me Cujo, everyone does," he announced with a broad smile, as he grabbed the two duffels that sat at their feet. "If you don't mind having a drink with me, I will be able to grab our patrons too, when their flight gets here from Vancouver.
The flight had been a bit rough, so getting a drink was a fabulous idea, but Cujo knew a better place than the airport lounge. In minutes they found themselves at an ocean side bar, where the breeze from the water, and the cool drinks, made it feel like paradise. Everything went on Cujo's tab, and they were able to quiz him on the size and scope of the business.
"My boat is the fastest one around," Rob explained proudly. "If the Cat needs supplies, or someone needs to get to or from the anchorage fast, our 'Flipper' can travel a day's sail, in about 2 hours.
"We have our own dock, which you have seen, and it's in great shape, but the office is just a shack, and serves more as a storage place than anything else," he continued.
"The Cat, which you know as Marny's 'Pearl', is fully paid for, and I keep everything working," he proudly explained. It was obviously something that he took great pride in.
"Our dock is to the North of Belize City, in an area dominated by fishing boats," Cujo reported. "We normally hire my cousin to transport our guests, since the shuttle to the Ferries go the other direction, but today he is having his daughter's birthday, so you got me," he cheerfully finished.
We only got through one Tequila Sunrise each, before we had to leave for our next customers, three Canadians from the West Coast.
One was actually called 'Jaque', and it was pronounced jock. He was 5ft4 and all of 110 pounds! His two friends were average guys in their late 30's, a little on the 'out of shape' side, but not bad.
Pam thought they looked passive enough, that we would be able to chat with Marny on this trip, instead of non-stop sex!
Sharon was intrigued with Jaque. "I'm going to have to check your I.D.," she teased him right from the start, while his companions roared with laughter.
Jaque just smiled, showing his good nature. "I'll show you plenty, young lady, but it won't be my I.D.," he responded, then thrust his hips out suddenly. "Blam," he shouted, as his friends continued laughing.
Sharon laughed even harder, as we piled into the back of Cujo's pickup, where there were fold out benches. Raised rails on the side, made it safe, and airy for the short ride, but it was too windy to talk.
On the dock, Cujo would have carried all of the luggage if the guys had let him, but he did insist on carrying the ladies gear.
"I will have to leave you to stow your own gear ladies and gentlemen," our driver friend proclaimed. "Marny will be here soon, and you're already loaded with provisions. Just make them a drink, and get to know them," he said, to no one in particular.
"All of the cabins are the same, guys, so pick one, and meet us in the lounge," Pam suggested.
They did not take long. With only two women available, they fought their way to be first, up and down the gangways to the cabins, while Sharon found the mixer, and made a giant pitcher of vodka and a mix of orange, pineapple juice, and some fresh mango and ice, all ground together to make a slushy drink that the ladies loved. Jaque was happy to try it, but the other two chose the local pale ale.
"So, you guys have been here before, right," Pam asked, while wondering what they would expect from the crew.
"Oh yes, darling," Charlie began. "Our crew last time was Suzie and Cherie, two nurses from Minneapolis. They were veteran sailors, and they really showed us the ropes," he chuckled as the others nodded their heads, indicating that there was plenty of action on that cruise.
"Nurses, wow, you guys got lucky there, and your sailing skills are probably better than ours," Sharon replied, "We let Marny do most of the sailing while we entertained the guests."
Jaque was smarter than he looked, as he reached over and took Sharon's hand.
"Can I show you something in my cabin," he said, without a twinge to suggest that he wanted anything sexual.
"Sure," Sharon spouted, as she jumped from the chair.
The two scurried down to the forward port side cabin, and the sound of the closing door was followed by Sharon's squeal, as Jaque kicked his sandals off, and he pulled his shirt over his head.
"Let's see it," Sharon shouted, then the rest was muffled, though there were thuds and bumps.
Two minutes later Sharon called out, "Pam, you have got to see this."
Chuck and Brian just smiled, as if they expected this to happen, so Pam went to have a look.
When Pam got to Jaque's cabin and opened the door, she found the two on the double bed, with Jaque's cock laid out, as if it was a cut of meat.
It was not fully erect, but it was a foot long!
"Wow, what are we going to do with that!" Pam exclaimed while her two friends behind her just laughed.
Sharon got to work on it right away, taking the head in her mouth she gave it a little suck, then ran her tongue all over it.
"I think you've got this sister, I'll take care of the other two, but don't take all day," and with that she closed the door behind her.
"Do you guys want to fuck me together, or one at a time," she joyously announced to their delight. Neither one was willing to wait, and Pam had handled two at once, more times than she could remember.
The three crossed over to the starboard side, Pam took the initiative by pulling her shirt over her head, revealing her perky C cups just to get the party started.
The guys were nearly as fast, but Pam was still first on the bed, leaving her pussy exposed and ready for company!
Soon Brian was smooching and playing with Pam's tits, while Charlie was showing some good moves with his tongue work on the clit, while his hand searched for her evasive G spot.
"Men always want to hit that G spot, like it's a kettle drum," Pam whispered in instruction, "I like a light touch, or a tongue!" she squealed as Chuck's tongue slipped into position. "Oh! This could be fun!" she exclaimed.
It was over an hour, before the beds started to empty, and it was only the sound of Marny's voice that got Sharon in motion. She had been sipping a diet cola, impatient to get underway, but understanding that the customer should always cum first!
Captain Marny had us in the channel 15 minutes later, as her experienced crew knew where everything was stowed. We motored our way past the stone break wall before we set sail for open water.
Pam and Sharon each wore a thong, While Marny wore bikini pants with a white long sleeve top with anti UV properties to protect against the sun.
Marny was a good looking 40ish native woman, with a thin athletic body from decades of hard work. Yet she wore a modern, stylish outfit, through which you could clearly see her nipples. Her upturned A cups really looked good, especially when she got excited!
The Captain ordered a dose of sun screen for all hands, so we got together on the forward deck and enjoyed the application process, much more than the directions suggested.
This was not Marny's first time, seeing Jaque with his giant dong, but she gave the girls a big smile when it first came out.
"You don't see many like that, do you girls," She shouted, as we all nodded.
Brian and Chuck watched, while the two ladies gave their friend a tongue bath. Jaque kept it shaven, and claimed that he was the only Canadian man that shaved his pubes!
Everyone laughed at the sight of Jaque, wearing his Speedo, with his cock pointing straight out. The cream was applied there too, but Marny suggested that it would be wise to keep it out of the sun.
They were heading for a further anchorage on day one, but the sea was nearly flat, so Marny sent everyone below when it was time to get the dinner started.
Sharon asked Brian to help her cut up the veggies, so his job was to hold her steady against the rise and fall of the vessel, while Sharon diced up the vegetables.
In spite of wandering hands, she had the salad ready in 10 minutes.
Pam and Jaque got the marinated fish, already in tinfoil, with garlic mint and butter and took what they needed to the BBQ on the starboard transom.
Marny had us anchored by the time the feast came up on deck, to be eaten buffet style.
The evening was spent, with drinking and conversation, as we got to know each other. The ladies explained what life was like as Strippers, at a club not too far from the Statue of Liberty, but they did not reveal their interest in buying into Marny's Charter business.
The men insisted that the ladies should show their talents, and a beginner's class in stripping was soon underway.
Music was important, so Marny found a station out of Mexico, and the two Professional Dancers gave a lusty dance, complete with the wagging of their pussies in the men's faces. Eventually Brian grabbed a mouth full of Sharon's tit, while she had his dick in her hand. Charlie was all over Pam, while she worried where that giant cock was going.
Marny jumped down from her seat at the helm and went straight to our little man with the big prick.
Even Marny was an inch taller than Jaque, but it was his famous cock that she was after.
She lay him out, and pulled his swim suit to one side, wrapping her hand around it, she brought his full Monty to her mouth, and pushed the mushroom head into her wide open pie hole!
When she pushed down, it only traveled 4 inches, where it stopped at her throat, but would go no further. After a few moments of frustration, she started to move her hands to make the filatio as enjoyable for Jaque as she could make it
The ladies marveled at their Captain's hidden skills.
All of them watched the blow job. It was a show of its own.
Marny was winding her hands around the shaft as she stroked it in time to her head bobs.
The look on Jaque's face was not Canadian, it was known around the world as 'orgasm face'! His eyes rolled back and his breathing was confined to little puffs, as he went "Oh, Oh, Oh!"
We cheered as the convulsions began, but Marny didn't let anything out. When her man was empty, she pulled back slowly, letting the last inch pop out, where she finally lost a trickle of hot cum on her chin.
"I guess you two have met," Sharon proclaimed, and we all laughed some more.
"I usually take care of Jaque," Marny explained, "after three kids I might be able to take something bigger than most ladies can handle."
"I want to try it!" Sharon whined, "...as long as he doesn't try to cram it all in!"
"Tomorrow we will make it a show, on the fore deck," Marny suggested.
"For now, he's coming with me," she ordered, then took his hand and let him guide her to his cabin.
Pam looked over at Brian and offered her hand, and off they went too.
Sharon stood and walked over to the trampoline, then pulled the strings on her bikini bottom.
"Oops," she said, so innocently.
Charlie finally got up, and pulled a couple of beers from the cooler. He knew that they would need fluids.
Sharon could smell the bacon, but she could also feel the cock that was pressing up between her legs. They did make it to his cabin after they had enjoyed each other's bodies for an hour. Chuck woke up, holding her from behind while cupping her perky tits. His cock had slowly crept up as it naturally engorged with blood.
Sharon arched her back, and reached down to rub a hello to the eager snake. She reached over to a pocket in the sidewall and pulled out a condom, which she put in place on his cock before pushing it into her pussy. This time Chuck came first, but he finished Sharon with his fingers, aided by his mouth on her tits.
Pam was the first to get to the galley. She found Marny cooking, while a naked Canuk hugged her from behind.
Marny's apron was tented in the front, where Jaque's erection was pushing between her legs.
"I know that everyone will have a big appetite, so come and get it!" she yelled, as Jaque finally took his hands off of her little breasts and helped to get the food on the table.
Marny was a different woman. She was younger, more alert, more aware of the sun and the wind. More alive!
She outlined the itinerary, which included a hike to a waterfall. Then, without a word, she took her plate and her coffee up to her usual perch, at the helm.
After cleaning up the galley, we gathered up the picnic basket that had been prepared before the cruise, and some towels for after our swim.
We all followed a well marked trail that wound its way uphill, never far from the stream. The birds chattered and butterflies were everywhere giving motion to the beautiful scene.
There was a light sprinkle, but it was hot enough that no one cared.
The waterfall could barely be called that, perhaps due to it being drier than normal, but the water was very refreshing for their swim.
Everyone followed Marny's lead, stripping down to the skin, so that everything would be dry for the hike back down.
She was even more beautiful today, with her mojo running hot. Her crew looked at her lustfully, but they knew their roles, as each paid attention to one of their patrons.
"No pussy for Jaque until tonight ladies," she advised them, "don't forget, we are going to have a show."
Everyone enjoyed a bit of a nap time after some heavy tongue action.
When Brian jumped into the pond and splashed everyone, it was time to head back.
As we came to an opening in the foliage, we paused to admire the view. The Pearl was visible from here, and we could see a small canoe tethered to one side of it.
Marny pulled a satellite phone from the backpack that Brian was hauling, and had a quick but animated conversation.
"Cujo is on the way, but let's get going," she ordered, "It's locked up, but there is still a lot that can be stolen, including the dinghy."
We picked up our pace, while hoping they didn't have any weapons. Marny did not appear to be very worried about our ability to defend ourselves, as she led the pack.
Cujo was still an hour away, when we got to the shore, and found two Native men, sitting in our base camp, enjoying a cold one, from the ice chest.
"Marko!" Marny exclaimed with joy, as our war party quickly came down from full alert.
"Hi mum, the cheerful young man jumped from his stolen chair, and hugged Marny, lifting her off the ground, he spun her around like they had not seen each other in a decade.
"Everyone, this is Marko and Jasper! Marko was named after me, and his mom is my best friend, so he calls me mum sometimes," she sheepishly admitted.
"Mum, did you know that I can see your nipples through that shirt?" Marko said, then burst out laughing when she covered them with her hands.
Marny got back on the phone to let Cujo know that we were okay, but he was half way here, and he was hungry, so he decided to continue on.
The skiff went back and forth to The Pearl, bringing a large canvas to stretch out as a rain / sun screen. more chairs, and the big cooler with fish and vegetables. We gathered firewood and coconuts, while Pam took over the cooking, and Jasper used his machete to cut the coconuts open, for drinks.
When the 'Flipper' pulled into the bay, we were just about ready. Cujo beached the nose of his boat, and threw an anchor to shore for Marko to position, then he dropped a giant bag of ice and a case of local beer, in a milk crate.
"That smells great mum," he proclaimed, as he jumped into a foot of water, and lugged the beer to shore.
"The next person to call me MUM is going to get to tear down the camp by themselves," she warned only half jokingly.
"Yes mum," "Yes mum," Yes mum" came from every corner of the gathering, as Marny shook her head.
Rob went back to his boat after eating a vast amount of fish. He came back with a big bottle of vodka and his guitar.
The evening went long, with everyone drinking far too much. It was past midnight before we got back to the Pearl. Cujo had his two friends to help him with the camp, then he towed them and their canoe, to Jasper's house, on an island 20 miles away. He was keen to visit with them, and would spend the night either on his boat, or in their home.
We all went to bed, and sleeping was on everyone's mind.
At around 4 in the morning, both Sharon and Pam found themselves on the fore deck. No time had been set, but they needed to feel their partner's body, so they fell asleep on the trampoline, in each other's arms.
The morning started with a light rain, but no one was going anywhere fast. Marny was the only one who didn't look affected by the night of drinking and debauchery.
She brought up the anchor and got us underway, with minimal help. A squall was moving into the area and we needed better protection from the wind.
The radio report from Java sent us North toward Mexico, on the West side of Ambergris Caye, keeping the wind and the swell on the far side of the big island.
There were normally fleets of commercial fishing boats this way, but the foul weather kept some of them bellied out on the sand flats.
We watched a good action flick, then the boys thought that strip poker would be fun. Everyone got to wear 5 items of clothing to start. On their last excursion the ladies had been fooled by the marked cards that were kept on board, but this time, they had the boys down to swinging cocks before they let them in on the secret.
Jaque looked at his two sad friends and cheerfully exclaimed, "I feel like the biggest wiener!" to the laughter of all.
"Hey, I still need to feel that monster inside of me," Sharon squealed, and everyone agreed that they would enjoy watching that show!
Brian and Chuck put their swim trunks on, not wanting to draw any comparisons.
"Um, I hope you guys understand, that we are married, and I need to be right up front for this, just to make sure my wife is not injured," Pam informed them.
Sharon took her time getting the extra large condom on his sausage, giving him plenty of licks and kisses, to make sure she had his full attention.
The guys were not put off at all when Pam got down on her knees, lifted Sharon's legs above her shoulders and set about giving her some wicked tongue. Inside of a minute she was squirming and thrusting with a climax strong enough to lift her out of the bench.
"I think she's ready," Pam said, as she wiped her chin, leaving only her sexy grin.
Jaque was not used to having such an eager woman, but he had enough self control to realize what was at stake. If he didn't hurt her, he would get to fuck her!
Pam had extra lube on her hands, as she made sure that the pre-lubricated condoms had more than enough! Then she helped to part Sharon's labia and used her own hands to control the penetration.
At first she moved the head, up and down the slit, then the head pressed into the pink love hole.
"Oh," Sharon grunted as her eyes went wide. Pam and Jaque froze in place, then two heals dug into the little man, and he was pressed into a deeper service.
When Sharon had his mushroom head firmly pressed into her cervix, she squealed again.
"Keep it slow, until she makes you go faster," Pam whispered in Jacques' ear, but everyone had shifted close enough to see and hear everything.
More lube was offered, and used, but Jaque never brought the head out, he just did full strokes, about 6 inches in and out, in and out.
At first Sharon just moved a bit at the full thrust inward she would push into the cock, then she would pull back into the cushion and thrust onto him, until she was moving just as feverishly as Jaque.
When she came, it was just as forceful as the one that Pam had demonstrated, except that her arching and thrusting caused little Jaque to be shaken like a gorilla shaking a tree!
His orgasm was evident from the mess on the floor, when he finally pulled it out!
Marny needed a stiff one after that demonstration, and it only took one look to catch Brian's eye. She took him by the hand and followed him to the promised land. Pam knew her duty, and accepted her fate as well.
It was still too windy to enjoy the outside, with rain pelting sideways, so the ladies decided to have a business meeting after a lovely dinner of lion fish tacos and a cucumber salad. The gentlemen decided that a nap might help them have more energy for night time 'sleeping'.
"So how deep are you ladies looking to go?" Marny asked straight off.
Pam had resolved to be the spokesperson for their business here, and Sharon had promised to let her do most of the talking.
"We want to purchase a new, or at least quality Catamaran, and add it to your fleet," she had rehearsed that line on the plane, but it didn't sound like such a big investment, now that she had to say it out loud.
"Not enough to become partners, I'm afraid," Marny replied. "We need to develop a crew for that vessel, we do have a waiting list of clients, so I was going to raise the prices for next season."
"We would crew the boat ourselves, for about 12 weeks of the year," Pam declared, hoping to salvage their dream.
"I think that you can do better Ladies, if you start thinking about business, instead of romance. We need more ladies like yourselves, and the waitresses from your clubs too, any young, liberated ladies that would love a chance for a week in the sun, and fun!"
That idea hit like a bomb! Why had they not thought of that! All of their sister strippers at all of the clubs, and so many luscious waitresses too! They would certainly want some fun and sailing too.
The deal was struck, when the girls promised that they would retire to Belize in five years and become regular crew! During the next five years they would receive no return on their investment, and all of their tip money would also go to the general fund. That way, as the business grew, the girls would share in that growth.
"So, now let's talk about your boat," Marny suggested. We have our eye on our next purchase, which will be a three cabin for smaller parties. It also has a small crew cabin in a very small space, so the boat could be used by couples or it can be used the same way as the larger cats.
Marny liked the business model that they already used, but there is a large market for swinging couples too. This boat could be captained by a man or a woman, and most of the time, that is all the crew that they would need.
"My daughter and her husband Rob have already taken out the same swinger party of three couples, on two seperate tours, proving that it can be done, but they all felt that the chemistry would work better with smaller parties.
"My daughter and her husband have an open marriage themselves, so they handle the details of those excursions, and they come back from their cruises, hungry for more!" Marny was excited by the opportunity.
"Now with your investment coming in, I am thinking we have the chance to really make some plans! We should buy that boat, and start looking for another one, while we use both boats to decide were the best market is."
The main advantage to the couples tours, is that no one sails for free. The price for a single man in the present situation, started at 5k per week, while a couple had to pay $8000 for the same week. So three couples brought in 24k while the bachelor cruise would bring in 20k and tips, from which the company got 50 percent. It also cost less to run a smaller vessel, and less in food and drink.
The boys had straggled back into the galley, as the meeting concluded, and they wanted to know where to find one of those women that were still willing to "party" after marriage?
"My fiance will be putting a stop to trips like this," Charlie admitted. "She's a wonderful woman, and she really likes sex, but I see for myself, sex is the first thing that a couple lets slide."
"It's easy for us," Sharon confessed, "we do sexy things for a living, and we are around both men and women that want to fuck us, making us want it even more! You need to make it a part of your daily life," she suggested, "...and if you are not enough for her, it would be better to find out before the marriage, so you can go into the relationship with open eyes!"
Charlie nodded, but that's where the marriage counselling ended.
"We are raising the price by 20% for next year," Marny declared, as if it was a good thing.
After a pause, Jaque gave his opinion, "You are underpriced, sign me up!" Brian agreed that the price was not an issue, but wondered how it would cut into the tips.
"We are going to use all of that increase to offset the cost for the ladies to fly here," Marny admitted, "so we can start booking longer cruises, and more of them."
"There are a lot of young female Doctor's at those hospitals, that you already have connections to, maybe you should motivate those Nurses to bring in more customers and crew." Brian suggested.
Ideas were bantered about until well past sunset, when Marny grabbed Jaque, and suggested that Sharon needed a rest, to let her tender young pussy contract back to normal.
"I'm pretty tired anyway Sharon, but let me tell you that you were only the fourth woman I've managed to go all of the way with, so thanks," Jaque offered in a meek voice.
"You're not going to sleep until I've been thoroughly satisfied, is that understood!" Marny shouted.
"Yes Captain!" Jaque jumped to his feet and moved into step behind his Mistress. She reached back and snaked her hand under his shorts, and latched onto his thick manhood. He was smiling like a fool as he descended to his cabin.
"How tired are you guys, Sharon squealed as she ran up the stairs, pulling the strings on her bikini bottom, then throwing it at Brian. Pam was right behind her but she had almost tripped, pulling off her thong.
The two young friends ran after the pussy, only to hear the splashes as they dove into the water.
The anchor light was still on, so they intertwined in pairs and tread water, while rubbing up and down on each other's highly aroused privates.
Sharon started coughing, after taking in too many lustful, panting moans, so they climbed back up onto the fore deck, so the ladies could enjoy each others touch while fucking some stiff dick.
The trip ended way too soon, but it was considered a roaring success by everyone. The Canadians were heading home to Vancouver, while Cujo and Java joined Marny, Sharon and Pam at the Bay Side Bar to celebrate their new partnership.
"I bet you Shylo is going to want to join us in June," Sharon suggested, "She has only been working with us for about a year, so she wouldn't have enough money to invest, or maybe we would have invited her too," she mused.
"She has big plans to become a Doctor, and help people to have better sex, so she has a different five year plan from us," Pam councilled. "She loves new experiences though, and what better place to enjoy sex!" she concluded with youthful spirit.
"That blond could suck the skin off a grape," Marny confessed. She would be welcome on any cruise."
"I would love to make her acquaintance," Cujo sweetly interjected, then we all exploded in laughter.
June could not come soon enough!