"Oh my god I can't wait to just chill out with no children!" Jess said excitedly as she sipped her can of g and t.
I'd picked her up about an hour ago in my car and she'd been like this all the way, all energetic and looking forward to relaxing without her husband and kids. As I was driving, my excitement levels were a bit lower than hers, the alcohol was definitely inflating her and making her even more bubblily than usual.
Finally, we pulled up to the Spa resort at around 10am.
"Good morning, welcome to Lush Palace. Do you have an appointment?" Asked the lady by the desk. Me and Jess were too busy gawking at our incredible surroundings to notice her at first, but as soon as we did, our eyes almost popped out. She was totally naked! What was going on?!
"Err yeah, we have a day package under Baker?" I managed to ask, unable to take my eyes off her.
"Ah yes, I have you both booked in for a mani pedi in an hour, then a massage later this afternoon. Is that everything you'd like?"
"Err yes thanks, but errm, why are you, you know, naked?" Jess managed to stammer the question on my mind.
The woman just laughed at our embarrassment.
"Oh, didn't you know?" She said at our confused looks. "It's national nude day! Didn't you get our email when you booked?" She asked.
All we could do was shake our heads.
"Oh right well it's our policy today that everyone is fully nude, apart from in the dining area" she elaborated. "I hope that this is ok with you both? We won't be able to proceed with your booking if not" she finished, her tone becoming more serious as she finished.
This trip had cost a fair bit of money for both us, and we were both really looking forward to it, so after a few minutes of deliberation, we agreed that it would be ok. After all, we were not likely to meet any we knew here, and it was a classy place so we weren't too worried about being perved on too much.
Nervously, we both stripped off and handed out clothes to the woman, who disappeared with them for a moment while she stored them for us.
We'd seen each other naked plenty of times before, from gym lockers to getting each other ready for bed when we were too drunk to just general tomfoolery. But standing in the foyer of a posh spa completely naked felt different for some reason.
I took the opportunity to check Jess out. She was the same age as me, 32, but thankfully neither of us were showing our age too much. Her tits we're still a bit perky, and her nipples pointed up. Her stomach was flat and toned, and from the angle I was looking from, it appeared she was fully shaved down there. I looked away before I finished my inspection though in case she noticed me.
When the woman came back we were led through the hotel to the treatment area. Large french windows lined the walls, letting in the glorious sunshine. A large pool was in the center of the room, and along the sides were cosy looking deck chairs.
"Please, take a seat, and our beauticians will be with you shortly," The receptionist said, pointing towards two chairs by the side of the pool. "Would either of you like a drink?" She continued. Jessica ordered each of us a glass of prosecco, and we settled in to wait.
After about 5 minutes of just relaxing by the pool, two beautiful young girls, probably in their early 20's turned up with their kits for our treatments and some prosecco. The pair of them were stunning, and I couldn't help but ogle them as they approached. They were both tanned all over, with no tan lines, and neither had any apparent worries about being naked in front of us.
"Hello" The one on the right said as she approached me, "I'm Lucy, and I'm going to be looking after you for the next hour". Up close she was like a goddess. Her skin looked airbrushed, her tits were sitting high and proud, and her pussy was, well, exquisite. I had never been with a woman before, and had barely had any lesbian thoughts, but wow she was hot. Even the way she spoke was making me feel all tingly.
I settled down and tried to distract myself from my naughty thoughts, but the way she gently worked my feet and hands kept making me fail. My distraction attempts weren't helped by Jess next to me, who was thoroughly enjoying being pampered by her own nude girl. Every so often another naked person or two would wander through our area too, each one of them modelesque. Jess would openly gawk at dudes dicks when they walked by, definitely admiring them. By the time our manipedis were over I had given up all pretense of decorum, and was joining in with her at admiring our view, and losing my inhibitions about being nude.
The mani pedis had left us both feeling very relaxed, and well, I was feeling pretty turned on. The sight of two beautiful naked girls rubbing our feet while we lay there in the nude had definitely got me quite aroused. Even though I'd longed for this day out for ages,I couldn't wait to get back home to my husband and feel his dick inside me!
All thoughts of my husband vanished however when we were led through to our massages and I spotted our masseuses. They looked like Greek god, their abs were surely photoshopped, and surely those dicks weren't real? I was already soaking wet and they hadn't even touched me!
"You ladies enjoying nude day so far?" My masseuse asked, as he gently started working my shoulders. I could almost hear the mischief in his voice. His cock was in full view of my eyeline, and all I could do was stare at it. It was gorgeous, all long, thick, and deep, dark brown in colour. Even in what I could only assume was a semi erect state, it was by someway the biggest dick I had ever seen, easily twice as big as my husbands. Almost without thinking, my legs opened that little bit further, almost inviting him to touch me.
His hands worked their way down my back, rubbing small circles into my muscles. My lustful state was broken briefly when Jess let out a very sexual moan on the table next to me. From my prone position I couldn't see what was going on, but I had the feeling she was enjoying our situation just as much as I was.
My masseuse seemed to sense my eagerness, as he got bolder with his touching, working his way down my lower back to my arse. He was full on groping my bum now, spreading my cheeks and rubbing them firmly. Now it was my turn to moan in pleasure. I didn't know what had come over me, but I was so turned on that I was almost whimpering.
Next to me, Jess was starting to breathe heavily too. I guessed her masseuse was probably touching her the way mine was, and I felt myself get even wetter at the thought of her being touched.
My guy had moved to my legs now, and there was no chance he couldn't see how aroused I was given my legs were spreading wider for him each time he touched my thighs.
Finally, after what felt like an age, I felt his finger brush against my wet hole, and I almost came on the spot.
"Fuckkk" I moaned out, unable to restrain myself any longer. Emboldened by my response, I felt him start to massage my pussy, occasionally sliding a finger inside me. His other hand was stroking my hair, keeping me pinned to the table.
In a move that must have required numerous looks between the pair of men massaging us, my head was pulled up and turned to face Jess, at the same time hers was turned to face me, before we were both pinned to our tables again.
Her face was one of pure pleasure, and I was sure mine mirrored hers. Her masseuse was finger banging her hard, her pale white arse was raised from the table giving him as much access as he could get. Looking at my best friend being fingered by a stranger in front of me pushed me over the edge and I came, hard.
Before my orgasm could subside, I was spun around the table so that my feet were on the floor and I was bent over facing Jess, my head just inches from hers as she was manhandled the same way. I felt a large cock head probing my pussy, before my masseuse whispered "beg for it."
I was too far gone by this point to do anything but obey.
"Please, fuck me with that massive cock!" I begged, pushing myself back, trying to get it in me. He repositioned himself, and slowly, slowly worked his way inside my married pussy.
"Mmmmmmm oh my goddddd" I moaned in ecstasy. "You're so big!" His cock was filling me up, touching me in places I didn't know existed. Opposite me, Jess was already being fucked hard, her large tits hanging over the table as she was taken roughly from behind, her head only level with mine due to her hair being pulled back. I was in for the same treatment. As soon as he had sheathed his full length inside me, he started fucking me harder than I'd ever been fucked in my life, it felt like his dick was going to break me in two.
He pulled my hair roughly with one hand as he slammed into me from behind, taking me like there was no tomorrow. His other hand alternated between slapping my arse and grabbing my tits and nipples, both of which were making me moan and scream. My husband had never taken me like this, and my body was loving it. I lost count of how many times I came on this young hunks cock as he plowed me continuously, not once easing up. My eyes were watering and I was sure I almost passed out in pleasure at times, only to be brought back with a swift slap to my arse.
Unfortunately he couldn't last forever, and he stopped fucking me with a large grunt as he came inside me, his load filling me up and triggering another orgasm for me. My legs gave way as I collapsed onto the table as he pulled out of my married pussy, cum dripping on the floor below.
On the table opposite me Jess was in a similar state, a huge grin on her face as she laid across the table.
"Holy fuck" She moaned, as the two men left. "That was incredible".
"I can't believe we did that" I sighed, thoughts of my husband coming back. I strangely didn't feel guilty, it was almost like an out of body experience.
"Happy nude day eh?" Jess laughed, as she peeled herself off the massage table.
"Same again next year?" I giggled, content in my post-shagged bliss as I joined her to leave the room and spa.