We started Saturday like a freshly married couple.
He woke up with a piss hard-on, and we cuddled but it didn't develop any further, and we were famished!
It was a quarter to twelve, and I hadn't eaten more than the garnish on a drink, since 4 the day before, and even before then I ate lightly, not wanting the bloating and cramps I might have developed on a full stomach.
We headed out to an IHOP and I sat across from Jimmy in a booth looking out on the parking lot. As we waited for our order, I decided I had better set this enthusiastic young stallion straight.
"Jimmy, I hope you're not thinking that we have a 'thing' going on here," I started, walking carefully around his ego.
"We have a trusting business arrangement," I continued, "and I like you as a friend, 'with benefits', and it could develop into more," I promised, "but I am trying to understand my sexuality, and I will be having sex with lots of other people..."
At this point Jimmy let me off the hook.
"You mean, we are not exclusive," he said, "and that is okay by me, Shylo, so long as you know that I really like you as a person too."
The pancakes were wonderful with extra butter, and the sausage and omelette arrived at the perfect time. I ate just as much as Jimmy, and enjoyed playing with my last sausage, while Jimmy couldn't believe I could pack in that much food!
Our next stop was a big box hardware store. I walked listlessly around, not really interested in anything, while Jimmy picked up an electronic security package, two matching deadbolt locks, and a box of 3" screws.
"I won't be sleeping over tonight, Shylo," he said. "I can put you to bed, but I have to help out my Uncle on Sunday, and I need some sleep," I looked into his eyes, thinking he might be pulling away from me, thanks to our talk earlier.
"He manages an apartment building and needs help with some plumbing problems," he explained in an obvious attempt to minimize the impact.
"Well, you are good at laying pipe," I said mischievously, "and it's good to hear that you have other talents."
We arrived at the 'G Spot' at about 5:30, with Sharon and Pam in tow. They opened at noon on Saturdays, but they only had two or three dancers until 6, when three more were scheduled, then all of the rest started at 8.
We had another team meeting, this time without Ben. Carol said that Colon would be helping her to Captain the ship, while Ben got a night off.
She explained that the notorious Danillo gang was back again tonight. "I think they saw something they liked last night", she began, "and I don't think it was Tina's cervix." "So you younger girls stay clear, or you will be on your knees, like it or not!" she warned as she turned to Sharon, Pam and me.
We had a full complement of dancers, and bouncers, so we felt safe. The three of us "babies'', soon had the main floor to ourselves, and it was packed. The back room must have had 12 ladies shaking their booty in the Emerald Lounge.
I felt at home. I already knew most of the crew, and I was enjoying the support that we were giving each other. I was wearing my outfit from Thursday, with a blue scarf gathering at the waist and a white thong that I picked up with the black one on Wednesday.
I really had to expand my wardrobe.
My calling card move was well received again, as I exploded my perky white tits for my patrons, and they enjoyed my glistening cooch.
I made one trip behind the bar to get a drink and a wipe down of my pussy and thighs. The bartender was not immune to my charms, as he again got an eyeful.
At break time I had to find Jimmy. I was a little miffed that he wasn't at the door, but I heard his voice behind the curtain to the goomba party (as we privately called it). Jimmy came out, shaking his head.
"Sorry Shylo, I can't take a break now, probably not until these fellas are out of here," he said with a pout.
"Safety first," I said understandingly.
I couldn't sit behind the bar, cause the customers would not give me a break if they saw me, so I went to the dressing room. There, I could chat with Colon between sets and Carol, when she wasn't going from peep hole to peep hole, checking on her girls.
I got bored and went out front to see how much of a lineup there was this late.
Bruno was on entry duty tonight. He only let groups in as tables opened or there was room at the bar.
My hand stayed on his muscular arm. Bruno was a legend around here. He was about 40, and had a solidly muscled body, and a ruggedly handsome face.
He manned the front alone, while everyone else did the post in pairs.
My costume was sexy enough that the waiting men knew that I was a stripper. Whistles and catcalls came from the dozen men that were waiting.
One pulled out a tenner, and offered it to me, "Heah sugar, how about a look at that sweet pussy of yours", he lewdly wiggled his tongue and thrust his hips.
Bruno hit him with his entire body. They slammed to the ground, then only Bruno stood back up, while the other guy moaned. He had bitten his tongue, and blood was flowing from his mouth! Bruno calmly escorted him outside, glaring at his buddies in case they thought they might intervene. They put their hands in their pockets, and muttered something about not knowing that ass hole.
"Thanks Bruno," I humbly lowered my head, a bit ashamed at inspiring the poor behavior.
"Shylo, you just saved the guys inside a lot of work, cause he was going to be a problem for someone," he said with a wide smile. "Anyway, there is no room that you don't improve when you walk into it," he finished as he openly checked me out from stem to stern, to the murmured acquiescence of the waiting men.
"I hope you gentlemen get in soon," I exclaimed in parting, "We will be dancing all the way to three o'clock, so hang in there," I said as I re-entered the main room.
There was money to be made, and fantasies to be fulfilled, so I hit the floor running. With only three ladies to entertain them, the crowd was getting rowdy.
One table had some young men from my college, and I considered it a personal challenge, to be professional enough to dance for these guys and still be comfortable on campus. They were cute too, so maybe..., I fantasized about doing them all.
Mike was the brave one. He came near me during a break.
"Hi Shylo, could I get on your dance schedule," he whispered, "if it's not too weird," he confided shyly.
"I'll be rotating your way very soon, Mike isn't it," I surprised him by knowing his name.
"Yes! Great! I'm looking forward to it," he gushed out, his confidence confirmed.
"Okay, who wants to get the incredible Shylo for the rock bottom price of ten dollars," I mimicked our deejay as I moved to Mike's table.
All of their hands went up, so I continued, "and who wants to give me their phone number so I can call you some cold lonely night," I quipped, as I displayed my cell phone.
All of them jumped up again, and they each gave me their numbers, while a few surrounding patrons tried to give me theirs too. The ice was well broken, so I stood up to show them my package.
I was getting tired of dancing the same routine already, so I scanned the room, to see if Pam or Sharon had some good moves.
I couldn't bend like Sharon, but Pam caught my eye, as I stood to entertain another one of my new friends.
"Mike," I raised my voice so he could hear. "Do you see Pam dancing over there," and I motioned to my right.
"I guess I noticed her," he meekly confessed.
"Well, you know I'm new at this right," I continued, "Can you spot me while I try that move she's doing right now," I asked, while every head turned toward Pam to watch her as she arched backwards, and put her hands on the table.
Her spread legs would have given a spectacular view to her table full of tongue waggers.
Mike stood, and motioned for his buddy to stand on the other side, as I spread my legs wide for his happy friend, and I arched back, hoping to find the table top, before my head found the floor.
"Catch me," I shrieked as I went past my balance point without finding the table, but there it was. They both responded anyway, with Mike nearly sweeping me into his arms!
"Oh thanks handsome," I rewarded my hero, "I need to trust myself more, but it's always good to have friends," I whispered, and gave his cheek a brush with my lips.
I really didn't want to squeeze these guys for their tuition money, so I moved on to other nearby tables, always keeping a distance from Sharon and Pam, so our customers got the best entertainment we could provide, for the exorbitant price of good booze, and a 10 dollar cover charge. Jimmy popped out every hour or so, but seeing me having a good time, he would wave, and head back to help his Aunt Carol.
Around 1 o'clock Bruno let in the last dozen people, and shut down the entrance.
One of the big parties in the Emerald Lounge had broken up, and the three ladies wanted to head home, with their heavy purses, but Captain Carol would have none of that.
"You will help us hold this fort ladies, or I will be your worst nightmare!" she warned. "Perhaps a few Tuesday shifts would convince you," she pursued, with a question mark on her face?
"Of course Carol" said one, while the others returned things to their lockers.
A group of ten from the last surge through the doors, were looking for a trip to the Emerald Lounge, and knowing how late they had arrived, they were happy to take whoever was offered.
"Sharon, Pam and Shylo, you're in the Emerald Lounge," she bellowed, shocking an older patron into dropping his drink. Carol's head pivoted to the bar, and knowing she had full command of the room, she prompted the bar staff to get a replacement, and she motioned over Gena to help with the mess.
Our Leader moved smoothly over to the table where the drink had fallen and came up next to the drink-less man.
He was perhaps 70 years young, and Carol moved in close, like he was a long time lover.
She came in tight for a loud, whispered conference. Yes, she talked both loud enough for an old man to hear, and quiet enough that it would seem personal to him.
"We have a new drink coming for you hon," she sweet talked our senior patron, "can I get you anything else, a shooter perhaps," she finished with her bushy eyebrows raising with the offer.
"I would sure like to see one of you pretty girls," he replied loudly and with the confidence that old people often have.
Carol looked around, and I was about to raise my hand, but the old guy went on. "I would love to get another look at you, Beautiful," the old guy fairly shouted.
"Yeah," was the general consensus. I brought my hand back down to my side, and smiled at her look of, ... hmm, resignation?
Carol turned back to the table, reached out, and expertly turned a stripper platform on it's side and rolled it to the edge of the old guy's chair. The entire crowd was looking where all of the Dancers, and Wait Staff, and Bouncers were looking.
Carol was wearing a lime green pant suit, shallow but sparkling heels, an off white blouse and a female version of a pimp hat. The peek was high above the close cropped black Afro, that might have been her real hair. An ostrich feather adorned the brim.
Carol signaled for a song, and Hotel California started up.
Two men from the table jumped up to assist Carol onto the dais.
She might as well have been the headliner, cause she owned the room.
Carol swung her hips, in a more dignified arc, then I would have. She spun slower too, but she kept spinning, as if she had ball bearings in her shoe tip.
The jacket came first and she draped it on the old dude while he swayed to the music and to her charm.
Now she let the blouse drape down as she pulled down a side zipper on the pants. She turned away from her fan and dipped down low, but kept her head up to scan the crowd like an old pro! Then she reached back and pulled her pants down with a firm pressure. Her ample derriere was now only covered by a sexy, well fit black thong. I was impressed. She tottered just for a second, and one of the other gentlemen jumped to his feet to help her remove a tangled pant leg. The elder man shouted something, and while I couldn't make it out, I'd like to think he congratulated his kin for a good save.
Carol had true resolve.
She was going to lead by example, and we were all just awestruck, absorbing her performance, as if our development as artists depended on it.
The blouse was my guess for the next garment, and I was right. Carol swayed and swung about, seeming to truly enjoy a flashback to her past. Praise was heard all about when she revealed her thin sequined purple bra, covering some 34 DD Mama's!
"They would shut up a crying baby at a 100 yards, I shit you not," I said in my head.
Now wearing her bra, thong and pimps hat, she circled the platform, as Colon cycled the Eagles into Desperado.
Carol reached back and un-clipped her custom boulder holder. She slipped off one shoulder strap, while the cup stayed clinging in place to her firm breast. The other strap was freed and the flimsy bra still defied the laws of gravity and covered her black mountains.
We were mesmerized, as she leaned forward toward her patrons raised and anxious eyes.
She peeled her bra top down slowly for her subject, as if he was the only man in her world. In fact, she shielded her nipples for a moment so that her patron could privately enjoy her rack.
I could barely hold back a tear watching her intimacy and her focus as she pleased her man. I promised myself that I would be better at my craft, and with the attention I would give my future lovers.
Carol's large areolas were practically in the face of the old dude, but she was not done yet. She stood back up and turned away from her guest to offer him her hind view yet again, and with it she swept her thong to one side, exposing her hairless tan and pink flower for all to enjoy.
A shout went up, starting with the old man, and cycling out to fill the room. All of the dancers had come out from the back, and of course their men had followed.
As the song ended and Carol rose to her full height, with her hat still on, two of the revelers jumped up to help her down.
She stepped over to the senior and straddled his lap. She brought her mighty breasts to his face, and squeezed them in on either side of his cheeks.
The guy didn't get to be 70 overnight, showing us he knew how to motorboat a woman's breasts with gusto!
Clearly enjoying her moment in the spotlight, Carol took his hands and placed them on her tits. Grabbing her hat, she stuffed it onto his head, as if conferring him as her pimp!
The room exploded in applause.
As Carol stepped off of her number one fan, she snagged her hat, and the ten that had appeared in the old guys hand. She stuffed it like an opponent's flag, into her thong. Her clothes had been gathered up by Gena, and she escorted our proud Dominatrix back to her domain.
The room returned to it's usual chaos.
Carol did not put her clothes back on for the rest of the night.
Soon I found myself in the Emerald Lounge with an athletic looking group of weekend warriors. They were here playing Rugby.
Who plays Rugby in America, I had to wonder?
Their accents gave them away quickly though. They were mostly from Birmingham England, doing exhibition matches in various foreign locales, to promote International Rugby.
Their accents were so sexy, but they thought the same of us!
We had our drinks, and the music was starting, so the three of us took our positions on our pedestals.
Here in the Emerald Lounge, the tables and chairs were higher quality. The cushions were cushier and the table was solid and fixed, so we could dance on it too.
I was concentrating on my craft, when I realized my audience was gone. Oh, three guys were still there, but they were staring, and craning their necks to get a better view around me.
I casually swung around to find that Sharon and Pam were topless, and dancing together on the table. Sharon had bent one way, Pam the other, and they each had one of the other's breasts in their mouths. Their hands played in the mix too, as the crowd quietly prompted them on.
The first song reached its conclusion and we all dismounted from our perches. The lovers took their seats too, but just smooched and rubbed each other's breasts while the Team watched with mouths open.
When the next song started, I was much more vigilant. After the thongs hit the floor, I saw the two make their move to the center stage, and I jumped over too!
They shared a brief look of shock, and then we each snagged a breast, one to the left and one to the right. We alternated kisses and fondles. Sharon turned her bum to one of our patrons and bent at the waist while both Pam and I squatted, to highlight her assets to our viewing audience. Then we both grabbed a cheek, like we had worked on this act for a week! I looked down, to see Sharon's smile, as her bendy body placed her head near our exposed pussies, she bobbed first in Pam's groin, and then in mine, simulating a sex act, but not actually touching our privates.
All three of us performed this service for each in turn, so everyone got to see lots of moist vaginas. We all sat for a break, with me moving a bit further from the lovers, to give them their space.
We finished the night soon after last call. The Brits were tired, and probably wanted to take care of their erections!
"Do you fancy some company tonight Shylo," whispered James, while hovering above me, getting a long drink of my breasts.
I was still breathing hard from my passionate dancing, I thought to myself, or was it from my body needing an orgasm!?
"Thanks for your kind offer James," I said out loud, "but my boyfriend would object to me screwing anyone as big as you," I purred, as I stood and cupped his large erection that was so obviously pulsing against his dockers.
I stretched up to his face, and he obligingly lowered it to mine and gave me a passionate kiss.
I peeped my tongue into his mouth, as his heavy long beard tickled my tits, and with the invitation, his tongue burst into mine. I took one of his hands in each of mine, and brought them to my exposed breasts, pressing them into my soft jugs. My mind went back to Carol, having her jugs inspected by the old dude.
James took over, gently squeezing them, as a lover would.
I gave him a real moan of desire, but pulled away.
Sharon was not to be outdone.
"I will miss you guys too," she gushed out, and grabbed the oldest guy for her own smooch.
Though she had already donned her skimpy push-up bra, she followed my lead and brought her new friend's hands up to her smaller breasts giving him plenty to fondle. Pam, could only follow suit, but her fondler was bold enough to go under the bra!
"Oh," said Pam, with a touch of shock, but she smiled devilishly and thrust her right hand down the guys pants and gave him a little squeeze, before pulling it back empty.
"Would you guys like to party at our place," Sharon lecherously suggested?
A half hour later, Jimmy was really pissed as 5 guys tumbled into the back seats of the company SUV. Sharon and Pam joined them, while I got in the front with Jimmy. Half of their contingent were married, and some of the wives were waiting back at their hotel.
"You might want to get back there with them, cause I can't stay the night Shylo," he said in a confidential voice, though I doubted they could hear a train whistle in the back.
"I am too tired tonight Jimmy, though it does look like they are going to have a lot of fun," I whispered in his ear.
I was leaning way over the console.
"Do you have a little bit of time for me Jimmy," I purred, "I didn't get my 'filling' at break, and I'm sure you can keep me awake for ten minutes..." I left it hanging.
The revelers got out at the girl's love shack, and they tried to entice me in. My body wanted it bad, but I knew I would be 'out' in a short time, so I begged them to invite me next time, and got back into the limo.
Later, as we made love, I realized that I had better not call Jimmy "James" tonight, or any time soon, though I did imagine that Scottish beard tickling my ass, while Jimmy was giving me some tongue action!
As I drifted off to sleep, the thought occurred to me that I had survived my first week as an Exotic Dancer. One of my friends had fervently advised me against it, saying that I would be on my knees, blowing customers and coke, before the first week was over!
I proved her wrong, even though the thought of it made me want some more loving.
Instead I fell asleep, smiling.