The first time I met my sister in law, I knew I was in trouble. Hell from the first time I laid eyes on her, I could tell I was on dangerous ground. Lisa, like a lot of eighteen year olds, was waging an existential war against her parents and her upbringing, and like a lot of eighteen year olds, had weaponized her body and fashion in that war. Though I had never met the girl before, I had seen pictures: a gawky awkward young teen in the background of old pictures with mousy brown hair and prominent braces.
The young woman who was strutting defiantly towards my idling car at the airport that day had dyed her hair fluorescent purple, styled into a fashionable bob that hung just past her shoulders. She was wearing a tight black top with a band logo I didn't recognize; its neckline was low enough to showcase her ample cleavage while the hem was high enough to display her taut, smooth belly, which was studded with a bejeweled piercing. Her denim skirt was short enough to risk indecent exposure with every movement, while her black thigh high stockings ensured that one's gaze was drawn to her shapely legs and the tempting patch of skin above.
I think it was the piercings that really did me in though. I have always been a sucker for an angelic face dotted with a nose stud, a bright smile with a pierced tongue glinting through, innocence but with an edge. So yes, from that first moment I definitelynoticedmy teenage sister in law, but I'm a college professor by trade; I have experience handling myself around beautiful young women experimenting with weaponized sexuality, and experience suppressing inappropriate desires.
"Lisa!" I said warmly, as I stepped out of the car to help her with the oversized duffle bag she carried. After the bag was securely in the trunk I turned to her and gave her a hug. "It's so nice to finally meet you!" The hug I gave her was light, casual, eminently appropriate. I want to be clear about that. She deepened it, tightening her arms slightly around me and pushing her chest into mine.
"Hi Trevor. It's nice to meet you too, finally. I'm really sorry about the timing though. I know I probably ruined your plans for the weekend."
"Nonsense!" I lied, as she broke the hug and we climbed back into the car under the resentful glare of the parking attendant. In truth, Lisa had quite thoroughly blown up our plans for the weekend. Between my work at the college, where I was forced to take on massive course loads to appease the figures who would eventually determine my tenure and Lauren's work as a junior marketing executive where she was forced to work sixty hour weeks to appease her higher ups and diva clients, my wife and I had barely seen each other since the holidays. That weekend, Valentine's Day weekend, had been supposed to change that. We had both managed to finagle an extra day off, and we had planned for a quick jaunt down to Mexico for three days of sun and fun and lots of sex.
A week ago however, Lauren had received a panicked call from her little sister. Lauren was mostly estranged from her parents, who hadn't even bothered to attend our wedding, and had just recently started to reconnect with Lisa when the younger girl had moved out for college. Their relationship was still tenuous, and burdened by a lot of guilt on Lauren's part, so she really hadn't been able to refuse when Lisa had begged to come for a visit. I didn't really grasp the underlying issue that had driven Lisa to desperately need to be away from school over Valentines Day, but I got the sense that it revolved around the type of drama that only young people can really generate.
With all of that in mind, our drive from the airport to my suburban neighborhood was quiet and awkward, at least to start. I made small talk as best I could, asking about her major (answer: I don't know), her professors (they all suck), clubs (she didn't even bother looking up from her phone for that one). As a last desperate shot, I asked about the logo on her shirt. That turned out to be the ticket, as she spent a good five minutes enthusing about an exciting fusion of two different types of metal that I'd never heard of, declaring several times that they were 'fucking game changing'. Eager to keep things lively, I invited her to play some, and so we rolled into my driveway rocking out to Nordic accented screaming that I, thirty year old fossil though I am, had to admit slapped pretty hard.
When we had parked and the music had faded, Lisa turned to me with a warm smile on her face. "Thanks for the ride, Trev. And for pretending to be into my music." I opened my mouth to demur, but before I could even speak she had wrapped me in another hug, her pillowy chest once again pressing up against me. Without waiting for me to do anything, Lisa flounced out of the car and back to the trunk. I went to help her but she brushed me aside. "Chivalry is dead, haven't you heard?" she said to me in a deadpan as she reached in to grab her bag. She had to bend slightly to reach it, and that motion caused her short skirt to ride up enough that a generous portion of her ass was exposed.
I do mean exposed too, because aside from a very thin black strip of fabric, pale skin was all I saw. Now maybe this will sound a bit too convenient, or that I'm trying to push the blame for her objectification back on to her (I can speak college feminism with the best of them) but I would swear on a stack of bibles that as she bent over, Lisa paused and cocked her head. I would swear that as her skirt rode up and exposed her round, firm ass that she wanted me to see it, and that she wanted to know that I had seen it. The moment passed, Lisa straightened up and after flashing me another quick bright smile she made her way into the house while I hung back and did my best to compose myself.
When I entered the house, Lisa and Lauren were locked in a warm sisterly embrace. Looking on from afar, I observed the differences between the two sisters. My wife was a full decade older than her younger sister, with natural brown hair that fell below her shoulders in curly waves. She was also noticeably less curvy than the teenager, taller and leaner, though still possessing a sexy, elegant figure that never failed to drive me wild even after years of marriage. Lauren, while hugging her little sister, was obviously fretting about her appearance. She ran a finger through Lisa's bright purple locks. "I like your hair sweetie, but I thought your natural color was absolutely lovely too." She cast her eyes up and down the teenager's scantily clad body and frowned. "That outfit is certainly..interesting. Is it comfortable though?" I don't normally think of my wife as being particularly conservative in her outlook or her tastes, but the tone of her voice was unmistakably that of a disapproving mother figure. Lisa didn't miss it either. She backed out of their embrace and trained a thoroughly unimpressed look at my wife.
"My hair. My clothes. Now you just need to make a snide comment about my piercings or tell me that I should date Jimmy the preacher's son and you'll have completed the Mom trifecta." Lauren blanched at that, as Lisa no doubt knew she would.
"Oh nonsense." Lauren said. "It's great to see you sis, I just." She paused, shook her head. "Never mind, it's just great to see you." Lauren looked over Lisa's shoulder to where I was standing. "Trevor, be a gentleman and help Lisa get settled in the guest room." She looked back at Lisa. "I'm sure you're tired from the flight and everything. Why don't we all take a few hours to rest, and then grab some dinner. Sound good?" After receiving nods from everyone she whisked away into the kitchen while I grabbed up Lisa's bag and made my way towards the guest room with Lisa following behind me.
"Sorry about the clutter." I said to her as I opened the door. "This is sort of a guest room slash storage situation." Lauren had done her best with the assorted junk in our spare room, but it was still very cramped with unused exercise equipment and various other flotsam, with a single bed in the corner. "You do get your own bathroom though, right next door."
"No, this is great, thanks Trevor." Despite her words, Lisa sounded much more gloomy and pensive than she had just a few minutes ago. Taking a stab at what was wrong, I reached out and put a hand on her shoulder.
"Hey, don't mind Lauren either. I don't think she meant to nag or anything, I reckon it was just the shock of seeing you for the first time in so long. Old dynamics are hard to shake, yeah? And she's been super stressed lately anyway." Lisa sighed softly, and turned to look at me.
"Yeah yeah, I totally get it. And I admit, that's kind of the reaction that all of this.." She motioned down her body. "..is supposed to get." Her smile was fierce and defiant. "She just sounded so much like our mom that I had to say something."
"Well let's rest up, I'm sure everyone will be in better spirits after a nap. And hey, maybe after dinner we can go out, have some fun. There are a few bars and clubs near the university that I know don't really check IDs." The smile I received from that was electric, and when Lisa threw her arms around me in another hug it was tighter than ever.
"Thanks Trevor. You're actually really cool, you know, for my older sister's geezer of a husband." Lisa murmured softly into my ear, and then followed it up by planting a kiss on my cheek that sent a thrill running down my body. With an iron will I contained my physical response and broke away without revealing myself as a giant perv.
"Have a good rest." I told her as I made a swift exit and walked away to find my wife.
When I returned to our bedroom, Lauren had already changed out of her jeans and into a comfy pair of shorts. She was on our bed, lounging on her side. She arched her eyebrows at me as I entered and made to remove my own pants. "Is the little princess satisfied with her accommodations?" I frowned at her as, now in my boxers, I slid into bed beside her. "Alright that was bitchy of me. I dunno, something about seeing her today just brought out old instincts that I thought I had ditched years ago. I probably seem terrible, don't I?"
"You're fine," I said, now spooned up against her and my mouth against her ear. "I explained to her how stressed out you've been. Besides, that outfit was intended to get a rise out of you." Lauren snorted at that.
"God, that outfit. I mean I was certainly no prude when I was that age, but I can't imagine walking around practically flashing the entire world with every step." Here I suffered a deep betrayal, and by one of things I love most in the world. At the mention of flashing the memory of the show Lisa had given me earlier, the tantalizing glimpse of her tight little ass seared through my brain again and my cock stiffened beneath the thin fabric of my boxers. Lauren, the perceptive woman that she is, noticed immediately. "Oh my. Apparently I'm not the only one who that outfit got a rise out of." My wife's voice didn't sound overly outraged or infuriated, but I hadn't survived half a decade of marriage by playing reckless in moments like that.
"That was for you babe. The idea of you in that outfit is a...stimulating one." I pressed my lips to her neck at a particular point that I knew always drove her wild, just as insurance.
"Liar." She said, but her voice was genuinely warm, and she pressed her ass back against me as she said it.
"Not at all." I replied, and I ran a hand slowly from her knee up to the hem of her very short shorts. "You would look every bit as sexy wearing that outfit."
"Aha!" Lauren cried out loudly, and she flipped around to face me. "So you admit it, youdidfind her sexy!" My wife has enjoyed incredible success in her business career, but moments like this always made me think that the world had missed out on a top tier interrogator.
"Can I plead the fifth?" I asked, with a forced tremble of worry in my voice.
"You can make restitution." Lauren said, grabbing my hand and moving it further up her thigh. With my hand resting right next to her pelvis, I could feel the warmth emanating from her pussy. She was very ready, and I was very willing to make that restitution but a little ping in the back of my head spurred me to avoid another imminent argument.
"Before we get...carried away." I began, giving her inner thigh a stroke, "I might have insinuated to Lisa that after dinner we could go out dancing at one of the clubs near campus." I felt Lauren let out a whole body sigh.
"Did you now?" Her voice had a harder edge to it than it had when we had been talking about me getting aroused by her little sister. Lauren had never been much for the clubbing scene, a frequent point of contention over the years because it sort of dominated the social life of twenty somethings around campus.
"I know I should have run it by you first, but it's Lisa's first night here. She doesn't want to be cooped up here. Besides, this is supposed to be our special Valentine's Day weekend. A perfect opportunity to dress up nice, go to an actual restaurant, have some fun." Lauren rolled her eyes.
"An opportunity to pay too much for booze, have our ears assaulted by shitty music, and be pressed up on by oversexed frat boys.." Lauren's litany of complaints were very familiar to me at this point, but I could tell that she wasn't wholly opposed to the idea.
"You could wear that dress." Lauren narrowed her eyes quizzically at me. "You know, the one you decided was too slutty to wear to your company Christmas party." I saw her eyes light up in recognition and a slight smile spread across her face. I knew then I had her. "And I won't let the oversexed frat boys press up on youtoomuch." I added.
"Fine." Lauren said, with another large sigh. "But you still owe me restitution, Mister. And that bill is growing. Going to the club better not be the only 'Valentine's Day' activity we end up doing, or you will be sorry."
"Oh ye of little faith." I said softly, mouth against her ear once more. "I still have a lot of plans for you." I kissed her neck again, and Lauren let out another sigh, this one of contentment. She followed it up by backing away from me and flipping back around so that she was facing away. I reached out a hand for her, but she batted it away.
"If we're going out tonight, I need my beauty sleep now. And you do too, old man." I wanted to protest, but I knew that she was right. Without another word I also rolled over so that I was facing away, closed my eyes, and drifted off into sleep.

~

When I woke up an hour later I could hear the shower already running in our bathroom. I knew from experience that it would be a dangerous mistake to interrupt Lauren while she was getting ready, but fortunately us guys have it much easier. I combed my hair out quickly and slipped on a pair of jeans and a blue button up, and I was practically ready to go. I made my way to the other bathroom to brush my teeth. The door was cracked when I got there and without thinking twice I pushed it open and stepped inside.
The air was hazy with steam, but the sight I was met with was blindingly clear: Lisa, towel in hand, bent over facing away from the door, drying herself off. I was astonished, of course, and I lingered. It was just a few seconds, mind, but those seconds proved to be too long. I don't know if it was the sound of my surprised breathing or some preternatural sense, but Lisa straightened up and whipped around. I raised my hands and backed out immediately, calling out "Sorry! My mistake!" The following few minutes were a tense bit of pacing.
Eventually I heard Lisa's voice call out from down the hallway towards her room. "Hey, Mr. Bathroom Pervert! Come here a second!" I blanched but made my way to her door.
"Sorry again," I said as I approached. "Lauren was in our bathroom and I just instinctively went to the other one. I totally forgot you were here. I-"
"Shut up, it's fine." Lisa tossed off casually, impatiently "Now get in here, I need your help." I opened the door and stepped through, to find Lisa with her back to the door, holding two separate sides of her top together behind her back. "Can you help me with the zipper? I swear this thing has shrunk since the last time I wore it." I wasn't going to touch that remark so I stepped up to her and with gentle deftness and a little bit of deep breathing we were able to cinch her top all the up.
"Whew! Success! Maybe I need to start going to the gym again, pervy old guys be damned. Now, what do you think?" Lisa whirled around and leaned forward slightly, one hand on her hip. I stepped back, took a long lingering look at her entire ensemble, and involuntarily let out a low whistle. Her top was a strapless halter top that perfectly hugged and accentuated her sizable bust, cutting off above her bejeweled navel. This close to her I could tell that her face and navel weren't her only piercings; the outline of the thin little bars on her nipples poked through the thin stretched black fabric of her top. Fishnets had replaced her black stockings, topped by a plaid 'schoolgirl' skirt that was every bit as short as her denim number had been. She was a walking wet dream, sexual fantasy incarnate.
In that moment my fingers were twitching the urge to reach out and twist those little bars, I licked my lips in unconscious anticipation of lifting her skirt up and burying my face in her sweet folds. I wanted to bend her over and -
"Ha!" A short burst of soft light laughter broke through my lustful reverie. I managed to peel my eyes away from Lisa's delicious body and meet her gaze. She had a broad smile on her face. "I take it that you like it." Even her voice was having a powerful effect on me, her low teasing tone sent a shiver running through me. I licked my lips again, this time on purpose to stall for a response that wouldn't get me slapped.
I cleared my throat and managed to get out a single word. "Stunning." After a moment I managed another. "Literally."
Lisa's smile broadened. "Such a sweetie!" She exclaimed playfully. "For a perv." She added, before reaching up on her tiptoes and planting another kiss on my cheek. Now the universe has a sense of humor, and it's mean one, which I know because the exact moment that Lisa had her face pressed against mine was the same moment that I heard my wife down the hall from us.
"Ahem." Lauren said, and it was a sharp 'ahem', a cutting 'ahem', followed by an equally sharp pause. "Are you two ready to go?" I jumped and spun around quickly, guiltily, because I am an idiot.
"Yep!" I stammered out. "I was just helping Lisa with her zipper." I trudged down the hall under a steely eyed gaze from my wife. As I drew close to her, I did my best to salvage the situation. "Your dress looks amazing, love." I said, and it was true. Her little black dress featured slim gold chains, one across her chest and another two forming the straps. The black fabric hugged the curves of her ass and thigh and the collar draped down enough to allow just a tantalizing glimpse of her cleavage. "Mmm." Was all she said in reply at first, looking like she was deciding how to process the compliment. "Thank you." Her voice was ambiguous, but her stare remained distinctly unimpressed. Once she could see past me to Lisa's bedroom her glare grew even more unimpressed.
"Is that what you're wearing, Lisa?" Lauren asked, not bothering to hide her incredulousness.
"Oh relax." Lisa sighed back. "There's a jacket that goes with the outfit." The jacket was black leather and oversized; when she put it on it draped lower on her body than her skirt did, and really did help keep the teenager from being a walking indecency charge.
Dinner, once we'd made a stilted and tense twenty minute drive out to the campus area, was actually quite nice. Lauren had picked out our favorite Italian place, a classic little restaurant with a dim but cozy atmosphere. Our drive had taken us past several campus facilities, including the striking silhouette of the newly remodeled social sciences building. Lisa was asking about various programs and departments and showing some genuine enthusiasm and curiosity. "Are you looking to make a change?" Lauren asked her sister at one point.
'Maaybe." Lisa replied. "I definitely want to leave UW Nowhere, I kinda need to leave." I gave a puzzled frown at that, but Lauren nodded in understanding. "It would be kinda nice, being closer to you. You're definitely the coolest member of the family." She took a sip of her glass of red wine, a little bit of celebratory law breaking that we were indulging in. "Mostly." She added. Lauren, who had been in the middle of a sip herself, put her glass down and stuck her tongue out at her little sister, a playful smile on her face.
"It would be lovely to have you near by." Lauren said. "Believe me, I understand the urge to flee as far from home as possible." A small frown shadowed her face for a brief instant, and then vanished. "But looking back I dearly wish I could have had someone nearby when I was your age, someone to look out for me." Lisa's face made an adorable little crinkle of displeasure at that, a cross between a frown and a pout. "Not that you need anyone to look after you of course." Lauren said, rolling her eyes at the younger girl's dramatics. "It's just nice to have your people nearby."
"Yeah." Lisa said. "My people." Her voice sounded a little sad, wistful maybe. She brightened up though as she turned to me. "And that would apparently include you, Mister Professor with good music taste who's a bit of a pervert." Lauren let out a choke of laughter at that.
"I almost spit out my drink!" She exclaimed to her sister. "Bit of a pervert?"
"Oh just a little incident of him accidently walking in on me in the bathroom. Totally harmless." Lisa assured my wife. "He seems pretty cool, overall." I squirmed a little bit at being talked about in the third person like that, but forced a broad toothy grin. Lauren reached over and put a hand affectionately on mine. "Yeah." She said fondly. "He is pretty cool. Definitely a little bit of a perv though." Both women laughed at that, and I spurred them on by raising my eyebrows lecherously at each of them in turn.
The rest of our dinner passed in companionable wine soaked chatter, though as the DD I limited myself to just a couple of glasses. After the bill was paid the three of us set out on foot, making the three block walk to the club in the chilly February night air. The club I had chosen was the one Lauren and I had most often frequented years ago, when she was a student and I was a young research fellow. The atmosphere inside was as I remembered, packed with young people dancing to pounding music. After the ladies had procured and downed a round of shots, the three of us hit the dance floor. Lauren required a bit of persuasion, which consisted of me leaning in close and telling her that I wanted everyone to see what that sexy old lady in the stunning dress could do. That got me a solid punch on the arm, but she allowed Lisa and I to pull her with us into the mass of dancing bodies.
It was on the dance floor, with a soundtrack of thrumming music and an audience of hundreds of pressing bodies, that the weekend truly turned complicated. Things started off pleasant enough. Neither Lisa or I are particularly big fans of the actual music that they play in dance clubs, but we both love the dancing, the feeling of losing yourself in a beat. We were moving (more accurately writhing) against each other and against a dozen strangers. If Lauren wasn't as into it as us she was at least swaying back and forth with her tight dress making it an exquisite sight.
Movement in crowds of people can be chaotic, and some particularly chaotic swirls in that group of dancers made it so that my wife was abutted up against her little sister. Lisa, as young provocative women in the throws of dance are want to do, continued her lithe sensuous movement, rubbing her ass up against her sister. To be fair, I don't think Lisa was really conscious of who she was dancing with, but Lauren certainly was. The look on her face was a war of expressions: embarrassment mostly, but with a gleam of something else. Eventually Lauren ended that brief intense little encounter by bringing her hand down and smacking Lisa's ass.
The smack drew roars of approval from the crowd of onlookers and broke Lisa out of her dancing trance long enough to realize what had happened. She laughed and went to hug her sister and plant a kiss on her cheek. Lauren accepted it, and the three of us had a little reset, relocating to a less crowded portion of the dance floor. As we did so, Lauren announced that she wanted another drink and slipped off towards the bar. Lisa and I were left alone, still very much in the mode of 'grooving on the dance floor'. A new song started, this one faster and more pounding than even the others. Lisa let out a loud 'woo!' of excitement and started twerking, undulating her curvy ass right in front of me. Even with the covering of her leather jacket every contour of her lower body was on delectable display. "Do you like this song?!" I could barely make out Lisa's shouted question, but I nodded my head without breaking my gaze away from her ass.
"I'm definitely starting too!" I called back to her, my voice raising my voice to be heard over the din. Lisa laughed and started to back up while continuing her twerking. She was close, right up on me. Her ass wasn't quite touching my crotch with every undulation but it came damn close. My cock was stirring in my trousers, and I felt like if it hardened even slightly more it would suddenly find itself rubbing against Lisa's inviting ass. She was so close that I didn't know what to do with my hands. They wanted to reach out and grab her hips, pull her closer to me. They wanted to reach around her body and grope at her perfect tits. They wanted to find out if Lisa was as aroused at that moment as I was.
Instead of indulging any of those desires, I raised my arms into the air and waved them awkwardly as the teenager continued to dance. I might as well have been groping and molesting the young coed though, because the universe decided to crack another darkly funny joke as Lauren sauntered back over from the bar. She didn't have a drink in her hand, but her face was flushed pink and her steps were a bit too careful as she approached. I saw her take in the scene: her little sister sensuously twerking, her husband visibly aroused. What she did next however, surprised me to my very core. My wife scowled, a fierce, mean scowl that looked alien on her normally friendly open face. She stomped over to Lisa, grabbed up her jacket and skirt in one hand, and pulled up.
"Jesus Christ, you little slut. If you want to show my husband your pussy, just show him your pussy." Lauren spat the words out, sounding harsher than I'd ever heard her, and as she did so she yanked Lisa's clothes up, revealing a completely bare expanse of flesh to the whole world. Lisa was still slightly bent over, frozen in shock, given me and a couple dozen bystanders clear looks at her smooth shaven snatch. A little glistening sheen along her exposed lips suggested the answer my hands would have received. Soon enough, a few moments but also an eternity later, Lisa straightened up and turned to face her sister, her face turning a dark red. Lauren wasn't done either. "God, I thought Mom was exaggerating when she went on about your antics, but I'm starting to see her point."
My eyes were locked onto Lisa's face as I watched her turn from humiliated to devastated. Her mouth quivered and her eyes welled up with tears as she stood there staring at my wife, her older sister. Lisa opened her trembling lips to respond but closed them again without uttering a sound. Seemingly suddenly aware of the crowd of gawking spectators around us, Lisa hung her head and silently turned away from us. "Lisa, wait." I said, casting a warning look at my wife, but it was too late. Lisa was gone, having dashed away through the crowd. I took a step toward the direction she had vanished into, but Lauren put out a hand to stop me.
She let out a sharp puff of air. "Fuck." She said simply, and shook her head ruefully. "I really fucked that up, huh?" I wanted to offer some reassuring words, but at that moment I didn't have any. I put my hand to the bare skin of her back and gave it a reassuring rub. "I'll give it a minute, and go find her. If she's anything like me she's sobbing in a bathroom stall right now."
After Lauren had also vanished in search of her sister, my night came to a screeching halt. I wasn't at all in the mood for dancing, the music that just minutes ago had been carrying me now seemed harsh and oppressive. What I wanted to do is have a drink or three, but that also wasn't an option as I had to drive us home. What I was left with was forty tortuous minutes spent at the bar drinking overpriced club soda and impatiently scanning the dance floor for any trace of my wife or her sister.
When the two of them finally did reappear, it was almost as shocking as the scene that had scattered us to begin with. I had fully expected that when I saw them again they would be fragile, bedraggled, emotionally drained and quiet. I had been predicting an awkward eggshell strewn drive home. What I saw however, was the two of them making their way across the dance floor looking for all the world like nothing had happened. In fact, they appeared closer than ever, walking hip to hip with their arms thrown across each other's shoulders. Lisa even had the brightest smile I'd seen yet on her face. As they approached me I scanned the pair of them quizzically. "Everything alright?" I asked, as gently as I could. Lauren and Lisa looked at me, and then looked at each other, their faces suddenly grim and solemn. They held that look for several long seconds before bursting into raucous laughter.
"We're fine. Good even." Lauren assured me, patting me on the arm. "We've decided that most everything is your fault anyway." Lisa let out another peal of laughter at that.
"Yeah, it's definitely all your fault, Mr. Pervert. Now take us home." Despite her words Lisa's voice was practically giddy. I wanted to stop the both of them and interrogate them, to demand what had caused such a baffling emotional shift, but I was also very content with not having a pitched battle being waged within my home so I squashed down my curiosity and offered a simple nod to Lisa.
"It's actually Doctor Pervert." I grumbled to her as I led the way out of the club and towards our car. "I have a PHD." That rewarded me with another burst of laughter from the two women. Their odd behavior continued once we reached the car. Instead of riding shotgun, Lauren climbed into the back seat with Lisa, and as I made the drive back to our neighborhood the two of them sat huddled close together whispering quietly to each other and giggling frequently.
By the time we arrived home I was well and truly ready to turn in, force a reset on the weird night we'd all had. I announced that intention to the girls with a somewhat curt "Good night ladies." Lauren raised her eyes at that.
"Yes darling, I think I'm going to turn in too. Andyoushould go to bed too, young lady." She told her sister, mock seriously.
"Of course, dearest sister. Thank you for your sage advice." Lisa replied equally serious, before the two of them broke down into yet another round of raucous laughter. I was growing exasperated with their antics by that point, so I headed back to our room without another word. Lauren joined me there after a few seconds. I barely had a chance to acknowledge her presence before she had practically lunged at me and captured my mouth in a searing kiss. My tongue brushed against hers and she moaned into my mouth.
"Lauren, what-" I said, breaking the kiss momentarily.
"Shh." She said, and she kissed me again, just as fiercely as the first time. I broke the kiss again, pushing my wife away gently.
"Lauren, seriously what has gotten into you? I feel like I've been on a rollercoaster and it's lasted way too long."
"I'm sorry, Trevor. Really. I know I've been weird, and Lisa has been a lot. You've been good. Great. I promise, before the weekend is over you and I will have a long talk and hash things out. Right now though..." Lauren stared me straight in the eyes as she slid the straps of her dress off her shoulder and down her chest, bringing her petite but perfectly shaped breasts into view. Her eyes were blazing with desire. "Right now I need my husband in the worst way." My cock, already the source of so much trouble that day, was stirring again, harder than ever. When Lauren moved to kiss me again, I didn't push her away.
It was Lauren who broke the kiss this time, and she did so that she could sink down to her knees, eye level with my cock, now fully erect and bulging in the front of my khaki trousers. Lauren reached out and undid my belt buckle and zipper, allowing my member to spring free and practically smack her in the face. "Mmm." Lauren cooed in delight as she reached out and grasped my cock. She gave it a little stroke, and then cast her eyes up at me. "My poor husband. You've had a hard time of it today. Dealing with your bitchy wife, and your slutty little sister in law."
I couldn't help the twitch of excitement that my cock made at Lauren talking about her sister like that, and Lauren definitely didn't miss it. "Mmm, that's right, my little sister has certainly been naughty today. She's been a tease, bending over for you at every opportunity, practically begging you to leer at her slutty little body."
The combination of Lauren's dirty talk and her hand continuing to stroke me had me at peak arousal. I moaned out my agreement at my wife's words. "Your reaction has been perfectly understable. When a horny little slut presents herself for rutting, the natural response is to oblige. Her body was craving it, and so was yours." Lauren followed that up with a long sensual lick from the base of my shaft to the tip; she finished by swirling her tongue around to catch the thick drop of precum that had formed there. "You're still craving it aren't you? Tell me, when that little slut was twerking her ass on you, what did you want to do to her?"
"Fuuck." I groaned out. "I wanted to fuck her. I wanted to bend her over and fuck the shit out of her." Lauren moaned at that, still sensuously stroking my shaft. "I wanted to reach around, grope those glorious tits of hers. I wanted to feel her wetness."
"Ooh, yes. She was wet, wasn't she? She was so ready for you, so ready to be taken." Lauren was touching herself now, two fingers buried in her snatch and her thumb rubbing at her clit while she continued to tease me with her other hand. She closed her eyes and let out a deep sigh, and then fixed me with a glinting smile. "Do it. Do it now."
"What?" I gasped out, still desperately aroused despite my wife's bizarre behavior.
Lauren in response got up off her knees, shucked off her dress and climbed onto our bed and posed there on all fours, clearly offering herself to me.. "She's on your bed, waiting for you to fuck her. She's so ready for it, she's aching for your cock. Show me how you would take her."
My thick brain finally caught on to what Lauren wanted, and my cock somehow hardened even further at the idea. The two of us had dabbled a bit in roleplay over the years, but nothing like this. I climbed onto the bed behind my wife, brought my hand up to her snatch, neatly trimmed and spread open for me. True to her words she was literally dripping wet. Normally in our lovemaking this would be where I would dive in mouth first and bring her to a climax, but I could tell that wasn't what either of us needed at that moment. Without another word I thrust into my waiting wife.
"Oh god, Trevor, you're so big!" Lisa moaned out as I entered her.
"Fuck, Lisa, you're so tight for me." I replied, as I bottomed out inside her. I started to thrust into her, and she was thrusting just as eagerly back at me.
"Harder!" My wife demanded in a gasp of pleasure. "I'm not some precious little doll like your wife. Use me like the slut I am!" Reflexively I brought my hand down on her shapely ass with a heavy smack. It was harder than I intended, and I expected Lauren, who'd always had a low threshold for rough play in the bedroom to protest. She did the opposite, moaning again in ecstasy. "Fuck yes! Smack my ass!" I complied, raining another series of smacks on Lauren's ass as she continued to fuck eagerly against me.
Deciding to push my luck, I grabbed up a handful of Lauren's thick curly brown hair and pulled, using the extra leverage to fuck into her even harder. I felt her pussy contracting orgasmically around my dick as I yanked her head back and smacked her ass again, harder than ever. "God, you really are a slut, aren't you Lisa." Incoherent groaning was the only reply I received, so I reached around and gave one of Lauren's diamond hard nipples a twist. "I said you're a real slut for me, aren't you little Lisa?"
"I am, gawd I am." Lauren's response was a desperate, keening whine. I let go of my handful of her hair, and Lauren's upper body sank forward, down onto the bed. I wasn't done with her however. I was fully into the swing of my wife's kinky roleplay and determined to push things further. I yanked her back up by the hair with one sharp motion, and in the same moment brought my hand around her neck. I felt her tense at the contact but she made no protest. I squeezed as I continued to pound her, and in response her return thrusts grew even more urgent.
A thought struck me at that moment, that tingled me to my core. "I'm not the only one you want to be a little slut for, am I?" Lauren moaned as loudly as she could with my hand squeezing her throat. "I think you would look absolutely beautiful between your sister's legs, servicing her like a good little whore." My wife's second orgasm of the evening came with my hand around her throat and the thought of her teenage little sister eating her pussy ringing in the air. I released my grip on Lauren's throat and pushed down roughly, burying her face in our bed as I pounded into her harder than ever.
"Oh, fuck yeah, I can just picture it now. Our eighteen year old fuck toy, sandwiched between her sister's sweet pussy and her brother in law's hard cock, being used for their pleasure. You'd be a little cum dump for us wouldn't you?" With my hand pushing her head into the bed, I could feel Lauren frantically trying to nod her agreement. I could feel the stirring of my imminent orgasm.
"I'm about to cum in you, slut. I'm going to fill your little pussy." Lauren's pussy clenched eagerly around my dick as my balls tightened and I sent wave after wave of hot sticky seed into her womb. When the last jet of cum had subsided, Lauren pushed herself away from me and flipped around so that she was facing my cock. She threw herself at it mouth first, inhaling my deflating member that was still coated with a thick helping of both of our juices. I've always known that Lauren had a bit of a bisexual streak and she's always enjoyed the act of tasting herself on me, but this time she was fanatically eager in licking up every drop of residue and I thought I knew why. "Fuck yes, babe, lick it up. Lick your little sister's pussy juices from my cock. Does her little teenage cunt taste good?" That last little bit of roleplay sent Lauren over the edge for the third time; my wife's final orgasm of the evening came with her hand on her clit and her mouth on my cock, while she pretended to be tasting her sister's pussy.
Afterwards, there was exhausted panting and a stunned sort of silence. I sank into my normal resting spot and a moment later Lauren was snuggled up against me, cuddling as if nothing unusual had taken place. I looked down at her, and she looked up at me. I opened my mouth to speak but she put a finger to my lips. "Please, not now. That was perfect, amazing. I've never been more in love with you. We need to talk, and we will, but for now can we just enjoy the rest of this weekend?" I frowned, but the look in her eyes was so vulnerable, so affectionate but worried that I couldn't bear to press the issue.
"I love you too babe, and I trust you. Happy Valentine's Day." We kissed one more time, a soft affectionate exchange, and then drifted off to sleep.
I woke up the next morning to the sensation of Lauren slowly and softly sucking my cock. She smiled up at me when she felt me stirring. Her smile wasn't a blazing searing passionate one, it was kind, affectionate; loving, for lack of a better word. Instantly erect, I beckoned her with a finger and she climbed into my lap. Our love making that morning was perfect: gentle and intimate, with her on top looking into my eyes and our bodies moving in perfect harmony. The previous night I had ravished her for my pleasure and she had been lost in kinky roleplay, but that morning we were both utterly present, ramping each others bodies slowly up a mountain of pleasure that we summited together with a climax that left both of us shuddering as we cuddled against each other after.
"That was incredible." Lauren said, sighing it into my chest.
"Mhm. We're still pretty damn good at that." I murmured in response. She shifted against my chest and looked up at me.
"So besides that, what else are you getting me today?" Her voice was coy and teasing, her eyes were shining with mischief.
"Weeelll" I drawled out slowly, "The planwasfor us to enjoy a gourmet breakfast in bed, followed by a full spa treatment and a couples massage. I'm sure Professor Rodgers and his mistress are going to have a fantastic day." With the last minute change in plans, the only person who I could find to buy out our resort package was my department head. It was probably only a coincidence that the beautiful twenty five year old who handled our admin also announced that she would be taking a long weekend the day after the sixty year old Rodgers had paid me. Lauren crinkled her face in disgust and let out a bright giggle.
"Weelll" Lauren imitated my drawl. "It seems to me like you're just going to have to get creative then." I fixed her with my smuggest grin and cracked my knuckles ostentatiously.
"I don't know about creative," I told her, "But I have been told that my fingers are magical. And," I paused to run my hand in a slow line down her stomach towards her crotch, "I think the ending of your massage could be happier than what the resort would provide."
"Oh really?" Lauren purred, eyes gleaming in excitement. Back at the height of the pandemic lockdown I had gotten into amateur massage, even going so far as to buy my own table. Lauren had been a frequent and well satisfied recipient of my practice, but it wasn't something we'd had or taken the time for in over a year at that point. Lauren returned my touch, running her hand down my stomach and coming to a halt right above my cock, now beginning to stir back to life. "Only could?"
"Well nothing in this life is free, sweetheart, but things could definitely be negotiated." I said in a faux patronizing tone. Lauren began her 'negotiations' immediately, moving her hand slightly down to clutch my shaft.
"Mm, I understand. Maybe a downpayment now and-" Lauren's words were interrupted by a gasp of pleasure as I took one of her nipples into my mouth. "More. Later." She moaned out the last two words. I grabbed her hips with the intention of pulling her onto me but before I could the door to our bedroom burst open, causing both us to jump a little as Lisa plowed in while struggling to carry a tray loaded down with dishes. I immediately grabbed for a sheet to cover my nakedness, especially my throbbing erection, while Lauren, also completely nude, just nonchalantly rolled over to face her sister.
"Good morning!" Lisa said brightly, while toddering over to us with the heavy tray. "I felt really bad about tanking your entire weekend, so I made you guys breakfast in bed!." She placed the tray at the foot of our bed and, finally relieved of her burden, seemed to take in the scene before her for the first time. "Oh my god, am I interrupting something? I had the food done for awhile, and I could hear that you guys were up and talking so I figured...I'm sorry!"
Lauren, to my surprise, just laughed. "It's fine, Lis. Trevor here was just telling me about my Valentine's day present." Lisa took in my barely concealed erectness and Lauren's nudity, and raised a single eyebrow, causing Lauren to laugh again. "He's going to give me a full service massage."
"Ah." Lisa replied, and looked at me again. "Is he any good?"
"Oh, he'swonderful." Lauren said, patting my arm. Lisa sighed wistfully at that.
"That sounds amazing." The teenager said, though there was a mournful twinge in her voice. "I've never had a boy do anything like that for me. Unless you count groping me in the back of a movie theater as a 'massage'."
During this exchange Lisa, clad in a skimpy pair of booty shorts and a clingy t-shirt that left her midriff exposed, had taken a seat on our bed. Bending over her tray, she poured a cup of coffee and offered it to me. I took it gingerly, both to avoid a nasty spill and to avoid exposing myself. Lauren, still wearing nothing but her birthday suit, leaned forward and put a hand on her younger sister's shoulder.
"Oh you poor darling." Her voice was sympathetic but her eyes had an electric charge to them, an energy similar to what she'd displayed the previous night. She must have felt me looking at her, because she turned her head slightly and gave me a wink. "I tell you what: I am a magnanimous older sister, and I have missed several years worth of birthday presents. After Trevor is done with my massage, you can have a turn." I had taken a sip of my coffee, and nearly coughed it all up in surprise. Lauren turned back to me, her face a picture of pleasant innocence. Lisa frowned.
"Are you sure?" She asked, eyes darting between my wife and I.
"Yes, absolutely. Trust me, he can work wonders." My wife reassured her.
"Do I get a say in all of this?" I asked.
"Nope!" Lauren chirped back brightly, shooting me another wink.
"Well then yes absolutely I'd be delighted." I said, turning my attention to Lisa. She blushed slightly and nodded, flashing both of us a smile.
"Well great then. I guess I'll leave you guys to enjoy your breakfast...and whatever else." She stood up and strode quickly out of the room, leaving Lauren and I alone with our breakfast.
"Babe." I said quietly, not wanting Lisa to overhear me.
"Hmm?" Lauren's reply was equally quiet, and forcibly nonchalant.
"What the hell are you up to?" I demanded, still trying to keep my voice soft.
My wife gave me a smile, it was mischievous and sensual, but it didn't reach her eyes. "Play along, for now, please. Good things come to those who wait, and everything will become clear soon. Promise." I didn't know how to respond to that, so I gave her a tiny nod and then turned to the breakfast tray, still steaming and wafting delicious scents into the air.
After finishing our breakfast Lauren and I dozed off, and continued to lounge in bed for awhile after that, watching stupid shows on the television and talking about nothing. It was the type of thing we hadn't had the time for in months and it was perfect. Eventually as the afternoon waned into evening I told Lauren to take a bath and change into her favorite bathrobe while I went to set up my makeshift massage room. My setup was nothing crazy. The table was a folding number and I always set a plastic sheet underneath it. I dimmed the lighting in our living room and augmented it with candles set at the corners of the room. I set a playlist going on our sound system that was heavy on romantic relaxation, and then I waited. Soon Lauren appeared, freshly washed and wrapped up in her fuzzy white bathrobe. She slid onto the table face down, I took up my position next to her, and the magic began.
I took my time with her, exercising every bit of my admittedly rusty skills on every part of her body. I worked her neck, her shoulders, her back, trailing my way down to her perfectly pert ass. Then I skipped downward, rubbing her feet and then working my way back up. By the time I'd gotten back to her center she was in a state of rubbery bliss, completely relaxed and, as my questing fingers soon discovered, completely drenched. I took my time there too, teasing at her clit with little swipes while my fingers pushed into her. She stirred to life slowly at my ministrations, and soon her relaxed moans took on a more plaintive and demanding pitch. Eventually she came, hard, gushing out even more liquid as I curled my finger against her most sensitive spot while rapidly flicking at her engorged clit with my thumb. Afterwards, panting in satisfaction, Lauren grabbed up her phone from the pocket of her discarded bathrobe and typed out a message. "Lisa will be in soon." She said to me, her eyes betraying a hint of nervousness. "Um." She bit her lip hesitantly, looking uncharacteristically unsure of herself. "I think..." I raised my eyebrows and motioned for her to continue. In the distance I could hear Lisa's door opening, and the soft thud of her feet walking down the hallway. "Give her thefulltreatment." Lauren's voice was practically a whisper. My eyes widened and I opened my mouth to respond but Lauren placed a delicate finger against it. Lauren shrugged herself back into her bathrobe and shakily walked over to our couch where she flopped down and covered herself with a throw blanket.
Lisa entered seconds after, also wearing a bathrobe. She made her way cautiously over to the massage table. Before climbing onto it, she cast a look at my wife, sprawled on the couch with lidded eyes. Lauren flashed her little sister a contented smile. "Enjoy" she said, and gestured at the table. Lisa took off her bathrobe, revealing a halter bikini style swimsuit that, all things considered, probably covered more flesh than the outfit she'd worn out the night before. Lauren seemed to agree. "You should lose the swimsuit." She said quietly. Those little words drastically changed the vibe of the room. Lisa tensed up, and looked at her older sister in surprise. I stood stock still, not daring to inject myself in any way. Only Lauren seemed unaffected. She just cocked an eyebrow at her teenage sister. "You were displaying more last night."
Lisa blushed, but where I expected her to protest, she just lowered her head in a small nod and began to strip. I looked away, over to my wife, who gave me a coy smile and made a small gesture to her sister, now completely naked and lying on the table. I have to admit that the massage that followed was probably the worst I'd ever given. I moved too fast, and every motion felt stilted, awkward. The entire time as I worked Lisa's nubile young body with my fingers I was keenly aware that my wife was watching, even though every time I glanced in her direction she was pretending to be dozing off.
Although the massage was decidedly subpar by my standards, you wouldn't have been able to tell by Lisa's reactions. She sighed at almost every touch, gasped in pleasure as my fingers brushed the sides of her breasts; I could feel her tense up in anticipation everytime my hands approached her midsection. As ordered, I gave Lisa the same treatment I had Lauren, working my way down and then up her body. As I worked my way up the teen's shapely legs, a movement in my peripheral vision caught my attention: Lauren, now 'stirring' from her feigned sleep, had slipped a hand down beneath the throw blanket she had covered herself with. As my hands traced their way around Lisa's thighs, I could feel the heat emanating from her pussy, and I could feel my wife's eyes boring into me. I took a deep breath and moved my hand up to the teen's wet sex.
The reaction was immediate. Lisa gasped and lifted her head up off the table. I saw her look over at her sister, who was staring at us with half lidded eyes and her hand still pressed against her own crotch beneath the blanket. Lauren nodded at Lisa, who seemed to take that as permission to press herself back against my hand, seeking even more contact. I obliged, dipping my fingers through her delicate lips and plunging into her pussy. I honestly think she was cumming almost instantly. Certainly I could feel her body spasming around the two fingers that her cunt held locked in a vice-like grip. A quick glance confirmed what I suspected: that Lauren was frantically working her own pussy to the sight of me fingering her sister. Lisa's soft gasps grew louder and Lauren's soon joined them. I could tell my wife was approaching a climax and I desperately wanted the two sisters to cum together so I began thrust my fingers rapidly in and out of Lisa's tight snatch. That treatment drove Lisa crazy, and the teen was soon desperately humping herself back against me. I snaked my free hand underneath Lisa and roughly groped at her tits, while curling my fingers to scrape her g-spot. That rewarded me with a vocal "Oh my fucking god!" as a flood of liquid squirted out of the eighteen year old, coating my entire hand. Over on the couch Lauren's hand had also gone still, and after a moment she stood up from the couch and walked over to attend to her little sister.
"Trevor, why don't you go clean up." Lauren said to me, glancing pointedly in the direction of our bedroom. I took my cue and went to wash my hands, making sure to take my sweet time with it. After dawdling for around ten minutes, I cautiously walked back to the living room. I was met with the sight of Lauren and Lisa sitting together on the couch, wearing their bathrobes. They were side by side, and talking quietly . When they heard me approach, both of their heads snapped in my direction. Their attention was so razor focused that I thought for sure we were about to have a conversation about what the hell had been happening over the past two days. I was once again surprised because Lauren merely smiled at me. "Trevor, darling, why don't you go pick up some food for us? Maybe Chinese or something. I think we're all due for a nice ,chill evening, don't you?" I blinked at her, a desire to grab my wife and demand that she communicate with me bubbling up inside me. I didn't do that, not least because of the anxious expression on Lisa's face. Pushing down my frustration with a sigh, I took the ladies orders and set out.
When I returned home with our food, Lauren and Lisa were still lounging on the couch, now wearing baggy t-shirts that I immediately clocked as having been pilfered from my wardrobe. I have to admit that my heavily faded Metallica shirt looked much better on Lisa than it did on me. Lauren greeted me with an affectionate kiss on the cheek, and announced that we were going to have a little pajamas and movie party. I was shooed off to change while the ladies spread out our Chinese feast and decided on a selection of movies. What followed was a delightful evening of stark normalcy. We ate our Chinese and watched our movies, with Lauren and I mocking Lisa for her love of D-tier horror flicks and Lauren receiving the same treatment over her fondness for terminally corny rom-coms. It was all so normal,I almost managed to forget that just a few hours earlier I'd fingered both of these sisters to climax in that very room.
The end of the evening saw the three of us in a sort of drowsy cuddle sandwich with myself in the middle. My wife was to the right, her head resting on my thigh. Her sister was to my left, with her chest nuzzled into my side and her head resting on my shoulder. We were all of us on the brink of sleep, or so I thought. Once the soft sounds of my wife snoring joined the soundtrack of our forgettable streaming offering, Lisa began to shift and stir. I felt a delicate touch on my thigh, and looked over at Lisa, who was staring straight ahead, seemingly absorbed in the movie. The second I looked away, the hand moved, trailing upward and coming to rest on top of my rapidly growing bulge, just inches away from the head of my sleeping wife. I flinched, and glanced over at Lisa, who was still studiously not looking at me. That flinch was enough to jar my wife awake; as she lifted her head and sleepily blinked at us, I felt the hand resting on my crotch quickly withdraw. Lauren frowned slightly, and then let out a mighty yawn.
"Mm, fuck I'm tired." She said while cracking her neck band and forth. "I think I hear my pillow calling me. It's a better pillow than you." She told me, a teasing smile on her face.
"Ha, yeah, I think I'm about ready to turn in too." I said, and I made to stand up but Lisa remained holding my arm.
"Aww, I want to finish this movie, and I don't want to losemypillow." The teenager whined. I shot a helpless look at my wife, still watching the two of us with a smile on her face.
"Hmm. You guys do look extremely comfortable" She mused. "Alright, you can keep him for now. Don't stay up too late though. Tomorrow is V-Day after all, and I have big plans for him." With that somewhat ominous pronouncement Lauren walked off towards our bedroom, leaving Lisa and I alone on the couch.
Her hand returned immediately, stroking at my cock through the thin covering of my pajama pants. "Lisa." I said quietly..
"Hm?" She asked, equally quietly, without halting the movement of her hand.
"What are you doing exactly?" Instead of immediately replying, Lisa leaned over, unbuttoned my pants and fished out my straining cock. I had to bite back a moan at the sensation of her hand on my bare flesh.
"Right now I'm playing with a cute guy who has been mercilessly teased all day." Lilsa finally replied, still slowly stroking my cock. "Do you not want me to? Because it reallyfeelslike you want me to." She flicked her thumb across the tip of my dick, which reacted by weeping out a large dollop of precum. "Mm, see? Look at how ready you are for me." She leaned down again, and this time ran her tongue across my engorged cockhead, licking up the precum. "You taste really good." She told me matter of factly.
Looking at her, clad only in one of my t-shirts and savoring the taste of my cum, something snapped inside me. I grabbed her head and pulled her in for a fierce kiss, one that she returned enthusiastically. As our tongues met and danced, I pulled her onto my lap and roughly yanked her t-shirt up, baring her gorgeous tits. They were perfect, gravity defying Ds capped by delectable pale pink nipples, each embroidered with small metal bars. Breaking our kiss I pulled her shirt all the way off, casting it aside and leaving the teenager wearing only a little lacy black thong. Letting my mouth rove downward, I captured one perfect nipple in my mouth, pulling on the small piercing with my teeth while twisting the other between my fingers.
Lisa let out a moan that she immediately tried to stifle by biting her fist while digging her other hand into my shoulder. I released her nipple and caressed my way down her taut toned stomach to the flimsy hem of her thong. I sank a finger beneath it, and discovered a damp mess there. I was done playing around by this point, so with a small effort I lifted the petite teen up and positioned her above my rock hard cock. Before I could complete the effort, Lisa stopped me. "Wait no, don't. We can't." She cried out frantically. I set her back down still in my lap, my cock pressed firmly into the crack of her ass.
"I want to fuck you." My words were a harsh growl in her ear that made her shiver.
"God, I want you to too. So bad." Her voice was so heavy with desperate lust that I believed her absolutely. "But we can't," She added, soul deep regret joining the lust in her tone. "It's against the rules." My eyes widened.
"The rules?!" I exclaimed, no longer caring that much about keeping my voice down. "What rules?!" Lisa didn't reply, instead she bit her lip pensively and cast a glance down the right hallway, in the direction of my bedroom. The bedroom where Lauren lay sleeping... "Lauren?!" I gasped out in surprise. "You mean to tell me that the two of you-" Lisa's finger pressed against my lips, silencing me. She followed it up with a soft sensual kiss.
"Never mind about the rules. We can still have fun." She shifted in my lap, bringing her pussy to rest against my cock without penetration. "Tell me what you want to do to me." Her eyes were wide, bright, shining with desperate arousal.
"I want to fuck you." I said again, murmuring the words softly into her ear. "That's not even the right word. I want to fuckingtakeyou. Use you. Possess you." Lisa let out a soft moan at that. Her eyes were squeezed shut and she rocked back and forth on top of my cock. "You've been such a naughty little cock tease this week, tormenting me at every opportunity. I want to punish you. I want to smack your ass until it's a lovely shade of pink." She moaned again. "You like that?" She nodded. "Irrelevant." I said, causing her to shiver again. "When I fuck you, it's about my pleasure, When I pull your hair it's about being able to pound your slutty little pussy harder. When I grope your tits and twist your nipples it's because I love the little squeaks of pain you make between your moans of pleasure."
I matched word to action, tugging on a handful of Lisa's purple hair while once again pulling and twisting at a pierced nipple. Lisa only quickened her grinding on my cock. "I think, when the time comes, you'd be a perfect little fucktoy for me. I could do whatever I want to you, and you would fucking love it." Lisa nodded frantically, while continuing to hump me. "Did you know that your sister hates anal? She tried it for me once, early in our relationship. Never again, she says. And that's fine, because now I have her slutty little sister." I brought my finger down and pressed it against the teen's ass as it rocked back and forth on top of me. "Do you like anal, little LIsa?" Before she could make any reaction I shook my head at her. "What am I talking about, that doesn't matter." I pressed my finger harder, penetrating her ass by millimeters. "You're my fuck toy. Mine to do with as I please. If I want you to, you'll splay yourself open for me and beg me to fuck your ass."
"Please." Lisa finally spoke, a quiet little desperate whine. "Please." I obliged, moving my finger in and out, teasing her tightest hole. Her humping and grinding was frenzied now, frantic. At the same moment that I felt her pelvis start to convulse on top of me I felt a familiar surge building in my balls. Frantic myself now I pushed Lisa roughly off my lap and onto the floor. She landed on her knees. Without missing a beat she brought a hand to her pussy and started stroking at her clit while staring at my cock inches away from her face. She parted her lips and brought her free hand to my cock; a few strokes later I let out a low groan as I came, blasting out thick spurts of cum. Some of them splattered across Lisa's beautiful face, another few landed right in her mouth. She closed her mouth, seeming to savor my load while riding out her orgasm on her finger. As her climax subsided, Lisa collapsed forward, coming to rest her head on my thigh while still holding my deflating cock in her hand. "Holy. Fuck." She gasped out. "That was awesome." I gave a quiet chuckle.
"Yeah that was pretty awesome." I agreed. "And apparently, still within these mysterious rules?" I asked, my tone imploring. Without lifting her head off my thigh, Lisa gave a little shrug.
"You really need to talk to your wife about that." She murmured. "It's very much her show." I nodded, and after another few moments Lisa finally raised herself up from between my legs and did a languid little stretch that flattered her perfect teenage body. "Sweet dreams Mister Pervert, and happy Valentine's day." With that, she left, sauntering off to her room still covered in a good amount of my cum.
I expected Lauren to be asleep when I returned to our bedroom, but she wasn't. She was naked, laying with legs akimbo on our bed. One hand was grasping at her perky tits, while the other was frantically rubbing at her pussy. As soon as I entered the room, she looked up and practically hissed at me to "Get over here!" I complied, stepping over to the bed. "I want to taste you." She moaned at me as I approached. My cock, though recently spent, twitched in response. I suspected that it wasn't me that my wife actually wanted to taste.
That suspicion seemed to be confirmed by what happened next. Lauren inhaled my cock, root to stem. She swished her tongue along the length of me, seemingly determined to savor every inch. She'd never, in all the years we'd been together, given me a blowjob like that. But then again, I'd never come to her coated in her little sister's pussy either. Lauren came in seconds, eyes lidded and mouth full of my now fully erect cock. As she continued to buck and writhe under the assault of her own hand I took control of the blowjob, grabbing a handful of her hair and starting to fuck in and out of her mouth.
I fucked her face pretty roughly, but she took it enthusiastically continuing to pleasure herself as she gagged around my cock. I didn't last long, only a few minutes had passed before I withdrew for the final time and erupted, coating my wife's face with cum just like I had done to her sister. My wife sat on our bed gasping, my cum mixing with her drool from the intense blowjob. "Happy Valentine's Day my love." She said to me, and then reached over and flicked off her bedside lamp, plunging the room into darkness. She rolled over on her side and I joined her, cuddling up against her as we drifted off to sleep.
The next morning I woke late to an empty bed. When I wandered out in search of my wife I found her in the kitchen cooking up a full breakfast. Lisa was sitting at the table, slumped over a cup of coffee and watching her sister attend to multiple pans at once. "Good Morning!" Lauren called to me brightly as soon as she spotted me. "Happy Valentine's Day. I thought french toast and sausages would be a great way to start the day. Lisa here is pouting because I won't let her help."
"I'm 'pouting' because your wife straight up told me that I'm a bad cook." Lisa told me, her voice grumpy.
"Excuse me," My wife replied, now pausing her frantic movements and looking at her sister with her arms crossed. "I definitely didnotsay that. I said that I spent more time being drilled by Mother on how to make her favorite recipes,And I did." With that she turned back to the stove, ignoring Lisa's dismissive 'hmmpf'. Again not wanting to insert myself in the drama, I poured myself a cup of coffee and took a seat next to Lisa. Halfway through my cup and halfway through scanning CNN's headlines I felt a light touch on my lower legs. I looked over at Lisa, who was thoroughly absorbed in her own phone, but I could see a small smile etched on her face. Before I could formulate a proper response, Lauren deposited steaming platters of french toast and sausages in front of us and the three of us dug in.
"So love, what are your plans for the day?" Lauren asked me halfway through our meal.
"Well." I replied after gulping down a mouthful of sausage, "I don't really have anything planned, other than for this evening."
"This evening?" Lisa asked, her eyes raised.
"Yes indeed, an expertly cooked steak dinner by candlelight." I told her, feeling eminently pleased with myself. It was perhaps a little basic as far as Valentine's Day plans go, but Lauren and I were looking forward to it. "Other than that I'm pretty much wide open for the day." I said to my wife. "Why, did you have something in mind?"
"Nope, not for you at least. You should relax today. You've done a lot this weekend, you deserve it. This one on the other hand," Lauren nodded in the direction of her sister, "is going to come out shopping with me."
"I am?" Lisa asked, her voice deeply skeptical. "Do I by chance get any say in this? What ifIhad plans?"
"Trying to seduce my husband doesn't count as 'plans'." Lauren's tone was flat and deathly serious. "I think I've been more than generous with you these past few days, the least you can do is indulge me today." In a moment the entire vibe of our breakfast changed. It was, amazingly, the most open any of us had been about what had been happening that weekend. I looked between Lauren and Lisa, and I saw Lisa looking between Lauren and I. Lauren, for her part, was locked in on Lisa, staring at her expectantly. Eventually Lisa, a light flush of red spreading across her face, gave my wife a slight nod. "Excellent! Besides, there are a bunch of new shops out at the mall I want to check out. It'll be fun." That reply changed the vibe once again, and we finished our breakfast chatting amiably about nothing much in particular.
After breakfast the sisters did whatever women do to prepare themselves for a day of shopping while I cleaned up the kitchen and prepared our steaks for that evening. I will spare you the rest of the details about my day. Suffice to say it was relaxing, and involved a healthy combination of dozing off and watching hockey.
The girls were quiet when they returned from their shopping trip, almost too quiet. A weird pall fell on the house as dinner approached. I cooked steaks for Lauren and I, chopped the salad, served up the wine, lit candles in our kitchen to create an atmosphere. As the two of us sat facing each other across our kitchen table, the thing I felt most sharply was a sense of frustration. Lauren had been playing games all weekend, foisting me off each time I tried to ask with coy smiles and implorations to be 'patient'. That dinner should have been a chance for the two of us to sincerely reconnect after a too long period of being so busy that we barely saw each other, but instead all that lay between us was conversational landmines.
I think Lauren felt that tension too, because she rushed her way through the dinner, inhaling her food and delivering clipped responses everytime I tried to make small talk. The moment I had eaten my last bite of steak she practically leaped up and started clearing the table. I got up and tried to help her but she shooed me away. "Have another glass of wine and go wait for me in the living room." She ordered me. I obeyed, going to lounge on the couch while sipping a third glass of cheap red. A few minutes later I heard her call from the kitchen. "Trevor, close your eyes, I have a surprise for you." I squeezed my eyes shut and heard a shuffling of feet entering the room, followed by the feeling of my pants being unzipped and my cock being fished out. I felt a warm mouth engulf my member and let out a low moan. The mouth proceeded to lavish my cock, licking up and down the shaft, sucking at my balls, and swallowing me all the way down to my base.
"She's good at that, isn't she?" I jumped and my eyes flew open as my wife spoke into my ear. I looked down and saw Lisa kneeling in front of me, clad in lacy black lingerie and still enthusiastically bobbing her head on my dick. I turned my head to look at Lauren, my mouth agape. She smiled, and gave my cheek an affectionate touch, following it up with a soft kiss. "It's time to have that conversation, love. I figured that this might make it less difficult."
"Lauren, what the fuck? What could be so difficult that it needs a blowjob from your little sister to soften the blow? Are you leaving me or something?" It was the first, biggest and blaring possibility that popped into my head. The way Lauren's face fell at the suggestion opened a pit in my stomach that even her teenage sister's mouth couldn't ease. "Hold up." I put a hand on Lisa's shoulder and gently pushed her away. I turned to Lauren. "Where is this coming from?"
"Two weeks ago, I was called into my boss's office at work. There was another man there who I didn't recognize. It turns out the European product launch that my team's been working on was successful. Massively successful. So successful in fact that the client wants to spin up an entire new International division around it. The man I didn't recognize is going to be the division's EVP. He's tapping my boss to be his head of marketing, and they both want me to join him as his number 2." My head was spinning, but I managed to seize on a few key salient points.
"What...Lauren that's great! It sounds like a huge promotion, and well deserved!"
Lauren bit her lip. "The catch is that this International division is going to be, well, International. We're going to be based in Germany." Now it was my face that dropped. It should have been immediately obvious of course, but I can be very thick at times. And it did not escape my notice that Lauren was speaking about this move in definite terms. She'd made up her mind.
"And so you're going to take the job? Move to Germany?" I asked, just to confirm what I already knew.
"I have to, I just have to. This is what I've been working so hard for. It's a once in lifetime opportunity. I'll be there on a major initiative from the beginning. I'll be in the room as decisions are made from the ground up. And like my boss told me, these international divisions tend to have pretty rapid turnover at the top as people want to get back to the States. A few years from now I could be in line for the EVP spot myself." I nodded. Lauren's logic made sense. Try as I might, I couldn't marshall an argument for why she should stay. The other side of the calculus also slotted into place at the same moment. I was in academia. I had spent thousands of dollars and too many years earning an advanced degree and fighting for a position on the tenure track. My prospects for advancement hinged on staying right where I was, continuing to teach and publish and hoping that retirements higher up the ladder opened up a spot for me. If I were to move to Germany, even the slim chances of getting hired as an English professor would still also include starting over from the bottom. That was the reality: Lauren couldn't stay and I couldn't go.
"I was agonizing about this. I have been for weeks. I absolutely do not want to divorce you, but we would be apart for months at a time. And then Lisa called." Lauren gestured at her barely legal sister, perched on her knees and watching us intently. "It started a little before that, honestly. I've been talking to Mom more often lately, and she does go on." Lauren climbed off the couch and went to sit next to her sister on the floor. She put an arm around the teen's shoulder. "Did you know that little Lisa here spent her summer as a groupie?" Lisa blushed and shook her head but Lauren continued. "Apparently she and a friend of hers followed their favorite band around from city to city and slept with every member."
"Just the drummer." Lisa mumbled quietly. "And their bouncer." she added. Her sister gave her shoulders another squeeze.
"And just earlier this fall, my darling little sister, baby of the family, was kicked out of her dorm building because she was caughtin flagrantein a common area. Twice."
"That wasn't my fault! My roommate was such a bitch, and she deliberately locked me ou-mph!" Lisa's protest was cut off by a surprised moan as Lauren leaned over and gave her sister a sensual kiss on her neck.
"I figured that those stories were at best highly exaggerated. My mother and calling her daughters depraved sluts, name a more iconic duo after all." As Lauren spoke, her arm snaked around and down her sister's front, caressing at the mostly exposed peaks of the eighteen year old's bust. "But then the girl herself called me, desperate for a place to stay because, and I think you'll love this, she got caught fucking her new roomate's boyfriend just weeks after moving in!" I did have to smirk a little at that, at both my wife's obvious glee at the situation, and Lisa's obvious embarrassment.
"So at that point, a vague idea had started to form in my mind. We," Lisa gestured to me, "Would be living separately, but maybe a mutually acceptable arrangement could be reached. An opening of the relationship. It's 2023, people do that. Lisa being involved wasn't part of it, except maybe, deep down in my dirtiest fantasies, she was." Lauren moved her hand down and cupped her little sister's silk covered snatch.
"When I invited her to stay with us, I didn't know what to expect. I didn't really knowher.My first impression of her in a decade came when she strutted into my living room dressed like a dirty little trollop, and then in you came, panting after her like an eager little puppy." I opened my mouth to protest, but Lauren shot me a knowing look that immediately silenced me. "It only got worse, or maybe better. She was doing her level best to seduce you from the moment the two of you met. You're a decent man, but you're still a man. It was practically inevitable." I looked down at Lisa as Lauren said this. Lauren's hand was still resting on the crotch of Lisa's black silk panties, but Lisa was looking at me with such ardent desire in her eyes that I knew my wife's words were true.
"That moment in the club when I caught the two of you a few scraps of fabric away from a full on porno show, that was the moment where it really clicked into place. I snapped a bit, put my foot in my mouth, but when I followed Lisa into the bathroom, the conversation we had really elucidated everything that I'd been thinking about. I had to tell Lisa that I wasn't mad at her, and to my surprise, I really wasn't. I was turned on. LIkereallyturned on. My innocent little sister as a wanton slut, that did it for me. I confessed to her and she confessed to me. Lisa is a wanton little slut, aren't you?" Lauren brought her other hand up and stroked her sister's face. Lisa gave a slight nod, still looking at me with wide eyes. "She has urges, needs, all perfectly healthy of course but she lacks impulse control, or maybe just common sense. Talking to her about it, the solution to all of our problems was suddenly crystal clear, blindingly obvious in my mind. Lisa, why don't you tell Trevor what the solution is?"
Lisa gulped, and her face made an anxious little crinkle that managed to be absolutely adorable, but eventually she spoke, barely audible. "I'm going to be your fuck toy." I had to lean forward to catch the words, but when I did my cock, which had mostly deflated during this extended conversation, surged back to full arousal. Lauren on the other hand wasn't satisfied. She brought her hand off of Lisa's crotch and back up to the teenager's chest where she slipped it under thin covering of her camisole and gave a twist.
"Say it louder." Lauren hissed into her sister's ear. Lisa gasped but she also sat up straighter and spoke again, louder and more confident.
"I'm going to be your new fuck toy. I'll be here to satisfy your urges while Lauren is away. Whenever," Lisa looked sideways at her sister, and a small smile formed on her face. "And whatever, you want." Without prompting, like making that announcement had unleashed something inside her, Lisa leaned forward and recaptured my cock. She set upon it eagerly, stroking its length while inhaling the head.
"Good girl." Lauren said approvingly. She moved her hand from Lisa's front to her back. I couldn't tell exactly what my wife was doing, but from the way that Lisa was soon moaning around her mouthful of dick I had a strong suspicion. "The idea," My wife told me in a perfectly conversational tone, "is that Lisa would fully move here as soon as possible. She's burned at good amount of bridges at her current school, but transferring her credits shouldn't be too much of a problem." My cock twitched at that. It may sound bizarre, but the way my wife was discussing mundane details while casually fingering her little sister, who happened to be giving me an enthusiastic blowjob, was one of the hottest aspects of this entire affair. "The plan for me is that I'll start making trips to corporate HQ in New York in two weeks to work on the set up, trips to Germany the month after that, and fully relocated by August. It's all really fast, but at least I know you won't be lonely."
"What, ah, what about you?" I managed to ask through the intense pleasure of Lisa's mouth. "What's your part of the arrangement?" Lauren pursed her lips at that, her expression pensieve although she didn't stop moving her hand.
"I honestly haven't thought much about that." She said, "I've obviously been distracted these past few days. Although.." She trailed off, and now her expression shifted from pensieve to distinctly naughty. "That executive I met, the one I'll be working closely with over there...he is pretty handsome, in a rich old guy type of way. It certainly couldn't hurt my career prospects." I admit, I did feel a surge of jealousy well up in me at that. I guess on some level it's inevitable. That unconscious jealousy was soon tamped down by the very conscious knowledge that she was basically giving me her little sister. In its absence, excitement bloomed.
"Fuck, that does sound pretty hot. My wife, the beautiful, competent, business woman, a slut for her boss. I would love to hear about that." I told her. At the same time I grabbed a handful of Lisa's dyed purple hair and pushed her down, forcing her to take more of my cock.
"Sharing will definitely have to be part of this." Lauren agreed. "I'll want to hear juicy details about what you and your little slut," Lauren stopped her fingering and gave her sister a loud smack on her ass, causing Lisa to moan again around my cock. "Get up to. And I'll of course share the details about any naughty adventures I have. Speaking of which, do you want to hear about our shopping trip today?" I gave her a wordless nod.
"We were pretty naughty today. Our first visit was actually to the sex shop over on Dawson." I raised my eyebrows. "Well I wanted this night to be extra special for all of us, so I brought Lisa in and told her to pick out a toy. I expected she'd maybe want a magic wand, or one of those new ones that suck at your clit, or a pair of handcuffs, she'd look amazing in a pair of handcuffs, don't you think?" I nodded vigorously, though I had a sneaking suspicion that that image was more to do with my wife's own fantasies than anything else. "Anyway," Lauren continued. "Imagine my surprise when as soon as we entered she made a v-line to the anal toys and picked herself out an adorable little plug. She told me she had a feeling that you wouldreallyappreciate it." I had to put a hand out to stop Lisa's sucking at that point because I didn't want to come yet. The memory of our encounter the previous night blazed in my mind and the prospect of it actually happening had me at the edge of orgasm.
"Mm, it seems like she wasn't wrong about that. You'll like this next bit then. After the sex shop we went to buy her some new lingerie. I think we ended up choosing pretty well, don't you?" Lauren slipped the straps of Lisa's top off her shoulders and pulled down, causing the teen's ample tits to spill out. Reaching out from behind Lauren grasped them both roughly and gave them a squeeze, causing Lisa to moan and tilt her head back in pleasure. "While she was modeling different options for me, I decided it was a good time to give her new toy a test run. I lubed her up right there in the changing room, and stuck the plug in. Trevor, this little slut's asshole is so tight, I had to work to fit it in. I can't wait to see your cock stretching her out." I practically came right there on the spot, and I noticed Lisa give a little shudder of anticipation too. "She's been plugged ever since. She is so wet and ready for you. After that we-"
I never did find out what the two of them did after that, because at that point I was done with talking. I reached out, grabbed Lisa by the waist, and hauled her up onto the couch with me. I tossed her down so that she was on her back, tore the soggy remains of her thong down and off her body, and plunged my cock into her glistening pussy. She was blisteringly tight, not helped by the buttplug, a presence I could feel pushing against me as I entered her for the first time."Oh fuck!" She gasped softly as I began to pump. "Fuck!" She moaned again, louder, as my thrusts increased in speed. Lauren positioned herself on the ground up by Lisa's face. The teenager's next moan was muffled by my wife's mouth on hers. The two sisters made out passionately as I continued to thrust fast and rough into my sister-in-law's barely legal cunt. Lauren's hands roved over her sister's chest, groping and grabbing. She was rougher on the girl than I'd been the previous night, delivering little slaps to the teen's jiggling tits and hard pulls on her pierced nipples. Lisa seemed to delight in this treatment, clenching her pussy around my thrusting cock with each blow.
Overstimulated as I was, it wasn't long at all before I felt my climax approach. "Fuck, going to cum." I growled out.
Lauren broke her kiss with her sister. "Fuck yes, cum in her Trevor. Fill this little slut up for me." She looked down at Lisa. "You want that, don't you? For my husband to cum in you, to fill your slutty pussy." Lisa moaned loudly, her mouth parted and her tongue lolled out, but she gave no reply. To my shock, Lauren reached down and slapped the teen across the face. "Answer me, slut! Tell me what you want my husband to do to you!"
That sent Lisa into a frenzied overdrive. She began to buck wildly, fucking herself desperately back into each of my thrusts while chanting loudly "Fill my pussy! Fill my slutty pussy!" I obliged, bottoming out in the teenager as I felt jet after jet of cum shoot into her. After my orgasm finally subsided I withdrew, standing up as Lisa collapsed into a satisfied puddle. Lauren pounced immediately.
"Get on your hands and knees!" Lauren snapped at her sister, and Lisa complied. My wife climbed onto the couch and slid underneath, positioning herself directly under the teen's puffy and leaking cunt. For the first time I could see the shiny metallic gleam of Lisa's buttplug peaking out from between her asscheeks. Lauren lifted her head up and began to lick at her little sister's pussy, lapping up both cum and Lisa's own juices. At the same time, Lisa brought her own head down to Lauren's crotch. By this point the red cocktail dress Lauren had worn for dinner had been hiked up to her waist, revealing that my wife had been going commando. Lisa buried her head in her older sister's cunt as Lauren continued to clean her.
I watched the pair of sisters sixty-nine each other for several minutes, long enough for my cock to reawaken. I stepped over to them, grabbed the base of Lisa's butt plug, and started to thrust it in and out of Lisa's clenching asshole. "Mm, yeah, get her ready to take your cock up her ass." Lauren said, taking her mouth off of her sister's pussy. "There's a bottle of lube in our bedside table." I looked down the hallway in the direction of our bedroom and back to the girls still curled up on top of each other.
"I think we're due for a relocation anyway. I expect this couch wasn't designed with threesomes in mind." I reached down and scooped Lisa up and into my arms, holding her a bridal carry as I walked toward our room. I could hear Lauren following us, and when I dumped Lisa onto her bed she scrambled into position at the head of it with her back up against the headboard. As she spread her legs open I grabbed the bottle of lube from the drawer of our nightstand and then flipped Lisa so that she was on her hands and knees between her sister's legs. Lauren grabbed Lisa's hair and forced the teen's face down to her crotch while I lubed up my cock.
"You're about to get fucked in the ass, little slut. Are you excited?" Lauren hissed at her little sister. Lisa moaned and nodded into her sister's pussy as I removed the buttplug from her asshole. "Gawd he's going to stretch you out and make you scream. You're going to cum so hard on my husband's cock, aren't you?" Lisa nodded again as I squirted a generous dollop of lube onto her. I got into position myself, the engorged head of my cock pressing against her tightest entrance. I pushed, and ever so slowly I began to enter. Lisa let out a loud guttural moan that was only muffled by my wife's cunt. Centimeter by centimeter, I drove my cock into my teenage sister in law. When about half of my seven inches was buried in her asshole I withdrew and plunged back in, deeper this time. Soon, accompanied by wild moans from both women, my pelvic bone met Lisa's asscheeks and I was fully submerged in the tightest grip I'd ever felt. Lauren leaned forward and I leaned forward to meet her; we kissed, our tongues intertwining over the body of the teenager we were both using for our pleasure. fuck her ass.
"You can go harder." Lauren said softly, "She wants it." I am nothing if not obedient, so I began to pump in and out of Lisa's ass, relishing every moan I caused. I grabbed a handful of hair, lifting the coed's face up from my wife's cunt. Lauren reached out and slapped her sister again. "Dirty little slut!" She spat at the young coed,, though there was a smile on her face. I released my handful of hair and Lisa fell back to eating her sister with a vengeance while I continued to
Lauren was in absolute ecstasy, it was her turn to grab her sister by the hair and she bucked wildly against the teens eager tongue. I looked my wife in the eyes, and even though we hadn't fucked once this entire evening, had barely even touched, I felt more intimately connected to her than I had in years. It wasn't three of us fucking on that bed, it was the two of us and our new toy. I saw my wife tense as her climax approached, her back arched as her legs started to spasm.
"Ohmigod" She cried out. "Oh sweetie you're making me cum!" As she writhed through her orgasm I brought a hand down to swipe at Lisa's clit while driving myself into her harder than ever. It ended with an orgasmic daisy chain: my wife riding her little sister's face with abandon, her little sister shuddering in pleasure around my cock, and me, buried to the hilt in a barely legal ass depositing shot after white creamy shot.
Afterwards we fell into a sweaty and exhausted pile. Lauren wrapped Lisa up in a hug and kissed her softly. "Lisa, baby, you were incredible." Lauren told her, while stroking the teen's face. "Was I too rough on you?"
"Uh uh." Lisa murmured in response, already on the verge of sleep. I was in a similar state, nestled up against Lauren in a big spoon position, but before I drifted off to sleep I did hear Lisa speak again. "Hey Lauren, you're going to be around next week right?" she asked softly.
"That's right, I fly out to New York on the twenty-first. Why?"
"Maybe we can go back to that shop and get a pair of handcuffs."
That delightful image was the last thing my brain processed before sleep. It led to some vivid dreams, I can assure you, each of which was realized in the coming weeks and months.. There are so many more stories I could tell you about Lauren, and Lisa, and our adventures together. That Valentine's Day weekend was just the beginning, and our new toy proved time and time again to be a gift that kept on giving.