The idea made me wet, the thought of someone watching as my daddy Dom took me, used me, like only daddy could.
I loved and obeyed my daddy as any good little should so when he suggested we let someone watch I almost cam, I didnt, but almost.
I had been a brat lately...Ok so always, but he always knew when I came and my spanking list was already on the, shall we say, long side.
Daddy works alot and hadn't had time to administer the punishment I deserved, so I figured this might get me back in his good graces.
I had run to the store to get daddy a soda and some candy like a good girl and had no idea what was waiting for me when I got home.
I walked in the front door and found him in the living room watching t.v with a girl from his work.
I should tell you my daddy is a d.j. at a strip club and his dancers would do anything for him, and I was about to find out how true this was.
I recognized the girl with him. She was a beauty, a real blast to be around, sweet, and with a body and face that had won her many accolades in her career.
Nothing out of the ordinary here as he always took great interest in their well being and often had them over to unwind or just talk about thier problems.
Daddy didn't do anything with them besides flirt and that always turned me on.
Daddy held himself to high standards and made me weak with his commanding voice and stature.
"Do you want me to leave you two alone daddy?"
I asked as I walked in.
"No baby girl. Sit on the couch with daddy we have company."
I sat next to him and snuggled close as we watched one of the adult themed cartoons he watched.
I felt his hand rubbing my back, sides and ass.
Daddy had the best hands and I was getting wet from his attention.
His slow leisurely stroking was driving me closer than I wanted to be.
I knew better than to cum without permission and I wasn't going to ask when we had guests.
I decided to just close my eyes and try to keep my wits about me.
I must have dozed off under the soothing touch of his callused hands and when I opened my eyes I swore I was dreaming.
Daddy had two of his fingers in my "his" pussy while his thumb rolled , pinched, and put constant pressure on my clit.
Through sleepy and half closed eyes I saw the dancer, her eyes starring, mouth slightly open, as her hand disappeared into the unbuttoned waistband of her tight jeans.
Was I dreaming?
I hoped not.
My head was in his lap and I felt his cock growing under my cheek as his fingers stroked me with increased need.
"Take you pants off for daddy. Be a good girl." He said .
"Yes Daddy" was my reply as always when I was told to do something.
As I slipped my jeans down my toned legs and brought my shaved pussy in view of our company I noticed that she had also let hers slip off into a crumpled heap at her feet.
My breath was now coming in short gasps as he slid three then four fingers in me, stretching what belonged to him and preparing me for what was to come.
"Take your daddy's cock in your mouth baby."
Without hesitation I freed his throbbing cock from his jeans and buried it deep in my throat.
With no gag reflex my nose was soon pushing against his well groomed pubic hair.
Out of the corner of my eye I saw the dancer, now with her leg splayed over the arm of the chair she sat in, making circles on her swollen clit.
Her pussy was beautiful as was she and a small moan escaped her lips.
Daddy moved me off his cock and put me on my hands and knees in the floor in front of her.
As I watched intently, she quickened her pace, Daddy pushed his rock hard cock against my little asshole.
A loud guttural noise came from deep in me as he pushed deep in my ass with one hard thrust.
Without daddy's permission I couldn't cum but the same didn't apply to our audiance and I saw a shiver run through her as she cam hard on her fingers as they slid deep in her wet pussy.
Daddy didn't hold back, he seldom does, as he took what was his, my ass.
His thrusts were deep and demanding just the way I like it. He pounded without slowing while she came a second then a third time.
"Does my baby want to cum?"
God did I and reply was the same as always to this question.
"Yes Daddy please!"
"Cum baby."
Sure my body was going to explode I came like never before, soaking myself, my daddy, and the floor under us.
This action was also more than our friend could handle as she shook uncontrollably and spent herself slumping into the chair in front of me.
Just when I thought I was done daddy's cock swole in my tight ass, setting me off again, as he filled my ass full of his hot cum.
I fell over exhausted legs spread for her to see as his cum ran out of me.
My eyes were closed, my breathing labored, every muscle contracting.
That's when she let out the little giggle she is so known for at the club and I felt her soft hand stroking my inner thigh.
This was going to be a long night but I'm daddy's good girl and you won't hear me complain.