VI: Blake
Blake chewed on her lip as she inspected her reflection. Her makeup was perfect--black, wing-tipped eyeliner with a hint of blue eyeshadow brought out her eyes, her lips were a deep red, and a light dusting of blush would make her look more aroused than she was. She doubted anyone watching her show noticed the subtlety of her techniques, but she knew from off-screen tests that they worked very well. Her hair was as radiant as ever, as she had re-dyed it a few days ago, and the deep blue of her thong--in an older fashion where the sides rose to hang high above her hips, almost at the cleft of her waist--matched. The stockings she had chosen for this show went higher up than most she owned, just short of where her thighs met her hips, and for a top she wore a thin, white shirt with long sleeves that she had cut off just below her breasts. As usual, she wore no bra, since she had no need.
Turning, Blake looked over her ass and legs. If she spread her cheeks, the thong barely hid the gem on her plug--it wouldn't have even hidden the smaller version she normally wore--and the little tail of the remote vibrator in her pussy would be clearly visible from the back no matter what she did. Her thighs didn't have any cellulite--not at this angle, at least--and her ass was definitely making progress, but she still didn't have the bulk she wanted, or the back dimples that came with it.
Oh well, nothing I can do about that now.
As she was walking over to check that her camera and everything on her computer was set up for the show--she still had another few minutes before she needed to be online--a knock came at her door.
Blake froze, her mind immediately rushing toward a conclusion it should not have jumped toward:Is that Liam?
She quickly banished the through from her mind as she walked to the door--she had told him earlier that she had a show and couldn't hang out.
Even though it was one of the only two plausible outcomes, Blake was still surprised when she opened her door and found Marie, "Hey, dude. Uh...what's up?"
Marie had already looked nervous the moment Blake opened the door. Now, she looked even worse, and her golden complexion had darkened considerably at the cheeks after she took in Blake's outfit.
"Oh." Marie said, "I didn't realize you were...Um, I can come back later--"
Blake raised an eyebrow, "Marie, I still have a few minutes until my show begins. What do you need?"
Marie hesitate for a moment, then took a deep breath before speaking, "I'm sorry for being a such a bitch to you." Her words came out in a torrent almost too quick for Blake to follow, "We were such good friends and then I fucked it up and all over something stupid. I never realized that you had a legitimate reason for doing your shows, or all the shit you have to deal with to make sure no one finds out who you are and where you live, and--" She stopped, taking a moment to catch her breath, then reached out and took Blake's hand, "Liam helped me realize how stupid I was being, and said I should give it a chance and ask if we could try being friends again--like we were. I do miss you."
Blake forcibly relaxed her expression, Fucking Liam being so damn great, "I miss you too, bro. And don't feel too bad. What happened with you and Dan was so fucked up, that I didn't really blame you, especially when you first started going out with Liam. I just wish you had let me be there for you."
Marie nodded, "So do I." Then her face colored again, "Um, actually, about Liam...I had a favor to ask you..."
Blake raised an eyebrow, "Yeah..."
"I--well," Marie stumbled over her words for a bit before finally spitting it out, "I've been trying to be more sexually active and...adventurous with Liam, but I'm having issues. Like--once we get going, I'm really, you know...into it--"
"Really horny, you mean," Blake said, suppressing a grin.
Marie's color darkened, "Yeah, but often when I make the first move, it feels a little forced, and I think Liam can tell. And he deserves better than that. I was wondering if you..." she trailed off, looking at Blake with a helpless expression.
Blake smiled, nodded, "Happy to help. You need to corrupt that boy a little more anyway. He gets embarrassed almost as easily as you do." Marie's face grew redder, but Blake continued, "The first thing you need to do, is just relax and be more comfortable with yourself. You're so tightly wound sometimes that it's a wonder--"
A loud beeping sound interrupted her.
Shit! My alarm.
Blake looked back into her room, then back to Marie. Then she sighed, "Marie, you want to be good friends again, like we were, right?"
Marie nodded.
"And you trust me?"
She nodded again.
"Then just do what I say," Blake said, grabbing Marie's wrist and pulling her into the room, "Liam isn't coming over tonight, is he?"
"No," Marie said, "What's--"
"Good," Blake said, moving her chair behind the camera and plopping Marie down into it, "Because that would awkward real fast." She moved over to her computer and brought up all her necessary pages before inspecting her gear one last time.
"Um, Blake?"
Blake met her roommate's gaze, then walked over to her, taking her hands, "I have a show that needs to start in the next few minutes, and you need to get more comfortable with sex, and more comfortable with yourself, so just sit here, be quiet, and see if you get any ideas for you and Liam, okay."
Marie nodded slowly, her expression still lost.
Blake sighed, "Look, dude, I'd give you a shot or two of tequila to relax if we had any, but we don't, and I don't have time for either one of us to look through the fridge. Just enjoy the show, and if it gets you horny, then just relax and play with yourself--its completely fine with me."
Marie, nodded, but her eyes took on a distant look for a moment, and Blake knew exactly what was going through her head, "Don't worry, dude, not going to try and get in your panties." She did wonder how Marie would react if Blake told her about what she'd done with Chloe, though.
Finally, Blake logged onto the cam site, and laid back on her bed. She waited a few seconds for the feed to go live, then smiled--she already had a few hundred viewers logged in that had been waiting for her to get on, "Hey guys, sorry I'm a little late." She thrust her hips up to show the tail of the toy inside her, glancing at Marie just in time to see the girl's wide-eyed expression, "As promised, I'm wearing the remote vibrator that you guys can--"
Blake couldn't even finish her sentence before the tips started flooding in. They weren't anything huge, mostly just 1 or 5 coins, but each tip made the egg inside her pulse, sending little shockwaves of pleasure throughout her body. The presence of the larger plug in her ass caused it to press up against the egg through the thin membrane separating her two holes, so she felt the vibrations in her ass as well, causing her sphincter to clench around the plug.
"Fuck," Blake gasped, closing her eyes and letting her body twitch and convulse as the vibrating egg caused waves of pleasure to wash over her.
Eventually, Blake composed herself--as much as she could with a throbbing pussy and asshole, at least--and turned her attention back to the show, "Damn, guys. I think I'm definitely going to be using this thing more often." She spared another glance at Marie and grinned--her friend's eyes were glazed over with arousal, and she was rubbing her thighs together.
"Okay, dudes, I'm setting the goal at 1000 this time for my top to come off, since you all seem so tip--Ahhh! Fuck!"
Blake cut off as one of her regulars dropped a 500 coin tip, putting the total at 823, and sending the vibrator in her pussy into overdrive. Flinging herself back onto her bed, Blake clawed at the sheets as she rode out the sudden orgasm, her hips thrusting and legs twitching wildly of their own accord, lost to her control in the throes of pleasure. Somehow, a coherent thought flashed through her mind as she moaned and writhed,Maybe switching to the big plug on my first time with this thing was a little overzealous.With what she had planned for the show, however, her ass wouldn't have gotten much rest anyway--it just would have likely felt less tingly.
"Fuck, dude," Blake sighed once the eggs vibrations died back down to the small, occasional 1 coin pulses. She thrust a hand up in the air with the thumb up, "Thank you!"
Slowly situating herself upright, she looked at the camera again, her thighs hips still wiggling involuntarily at the pulses from the tips, "You guys sneak attacked me. I think I came because my pussy just didn't know how to handle that. Oh, and just so you guys know," She turned around, showing her backside--her holes barely covered by the thong--to the camera and Marie, "Every time that vibrates, so does the big plug in my ass."
More tips flooded in as her viewers reacted to that information--and to the sight of the gem plug and the vibrators' antenna sticking out from underneath her thong--but thankfully they were more numerous than intense. Blake sighed. That she could handle. She still needed a little rest before experiencing another blast like that. The last time she had overstimulated her pussy that much with a vibrator, her pussy had gone numb and had ached for days to the point that she'd almost had to cancel a show.
The tip jar had passed 1000, so Blake began taking off her shirt. She didn't simply throw it off like she had a few times, but instead teased the viewers. Lifting the hem up just far enough for them to see her nipple, Blake licked her lips and began running a finger around the hardening flesh, occasionally pinching it. More tips came flooding in, some in the 25-100 range, making the egg's pulses vary in intensity. She was probably going to destroy this thong with how wet she was.
Blake continued teasing for a few minutes, giving the viewers quick flashes of her tits and little grins and winks to go along with them, then finally stripped herself of the garment, tossing it to the side. She looked at Marie again and almost gaped in surprised. Marie's hand had found its way into the front of her pants--that didn't entirely surprise Blake, though she hadn't expected it to happen so soon--and she was staring directly at Blake, her eyes radiating lust.
Fuck, is Marie bi? Is that part of why she was so against this? Has she ever checked out my show?
Blake didn't have the time or attention span at the moment to think about any of that, though the feel of Marie's gaze on her body as she touched herself made her even more flushed with arousal. She had never considered herself an exhibitionist before camming, but she had discovered that it was definitely one of her kinks. The thought of people watching her touch herself--even when she wasn't performing at the time--always made Blake a little wet, but having Marie in the room watching her brought Blake to an entirely different level. At that moment, she decided that this show would be for Marie. She wouldn't make it obvious to her friend--Liam had complicated things enough for her already--but she would make sure Marie did not soon forget this show.
"Alright, guys, the ultimate goal for this show is for me to cum while pumping dildos in and out of my ass and pussy, so as much as I like this little vibrator, he's going to have to come out soon, because I want to start fucking myself. I'm going to set the goal at 2000 for panties off, and 4000 to take out the vibe and the plug and start fucking myself, so if any of you wants to find out what a tip over 1000 does to me, now is the time."
Her viewers wasted no time as Blake sat there on her knees, playing with her tits, her hips bucking at the egg's vibrations. By the time the jar reached 2000, Blake's mind had started to fuzz. No one had tipped over 100--though there had been two or three that tipped exactly that, almost causing Blake to fall back onto her bed--but she'd had no reprieve from the constant pulses of the 1 coin tips. They had her on the edge of orgasm, yet even the vibrations from the 100 coin tips hadn't been able to send her over the edge. Watching Marie give into her arousal and start fingering herself openly had just made it worse.
When Blake took off her thong, she didn't bother teasing. Instead she slid the tiny scrap of fabric down over her stockings and turned to put her pussy and ass in full view of camera with her face still in the shot as well. She had been right about the thong--the strip of fabric covering her pussy had been soaked completely through, and even now a thick strand of grool hung a few inches down from her pussy.
Blake's arousal had all but claimed control of her mind, but this point, and it gave her an evil idea. She looked directly at Marie, waiting for the girl's eyes to stop fluttering long enough to hold her gaze. When their lust-filled gazes locked, Blake reached back between her legs and caught the strand of pussy juice on her finger, following it back up to the source before sinking two fingers into her pussy, covering them in her thick, glistening arousal. When she pulled them out, she made sure that Marie could see how wet they were before shoving them in her mouth and sucking them clean, moaning as she did so.
Then the egg made her pussy explode, and Blake almost bit off her fingers.
Without looking at the screen, the small part of Blake's mind that was still somehow holding out knew that someone had tipped at least 1000 coins. The vibrator was going crazy, its intense pulses from the massive tip compounding with the continual flood of smaller tips.
Blake came. Hard. Harder than she ever had on her own. Her pussy and ass throbbed as she tightened around the two toys, both vibrating now because of that tip. It didn't stop. Blake came again, crying out, digging her nails into the sheets, biting into something. Her pillow? Her ass spasmed, and she felt rivulets of pussy juice leaking down her thighs, all on display for the internet--and Marie--to watch. There was nothing she could do but lay there and ride out the overwhelming bursts of pleasure.
When it was finally over, Blake felt as though she had just woken up from a long nap. She looked at the clock on her screen and sighed. She hadn't actually passed out, that would have been embarrassing.
Lethargically, she positioned herself so that she could easily see the screen--somehow her ass had managed to stay upright. When Blake realized that the tip jar was almost at 6000 coins, she gasped, "Holy fuck, you guys! Thank you! That was fucking awesome. Don't tip like that again until I get this thing out of me though because I seriously might pass out."
Fuck, she could still feel her pussy and ass twitching.
Blake reached over to her nightstand and got her two matching dildos. After depositing them on the sheets near her knees, she grabbed the egg's antenna and pulled slowly. When it popped out with an audible squelching sound, Blake gasped--her pussy had not been entirely ready for that. She dropped that on her bed, not caring about the mess it would make, and then did the same with the gem plug. Her ass was almost elastic thanks to how aroused she was--and how well she had trained it--the plug popped right out, though the pleasure that radiated from her slightly-gaped starfish sent shivers up her spine.
"Alright, guys," She said lazily, "Let's see how easy these two go in."
Blake moaned as the first dildo slid all the way down to the base inside her pussy with no problem. She figured her pussy was too exhausted to tighten up any more at this point. After pumping it in and out a few times, lubricating it, Blake pulled the entire thing out, and then pushed it against her asshole. The normally-tight ring of muscle gave way to the rubber dick with almost no resistance, instead greedily swallowing all that she fed into it, "Oh."
She gave the dildo a few pumps, mewling at the feeling of it sliding in and out of her ass. Then, once it was fully seated snug and secure inside of her, she grabbed the second dildo, sliding it into her pussy.
"Oh, Fuck." This time it didn't go in as easily, but it felt so fucking good. She could feel the dildo in her pussy pressing against the one in her ass as it slowly worked its way deeper into her dripping hole. When both were fully seated inside of her--tips cascading in again--Blake paused for a moment to enjoy the feeling. Part of her just wanted to lie there and remain like this--she felt so wonderfully full--but the other part knew she had a show to finish. That part also wanted her to fuck her holes hard.
Blake reached back and grabbed hold of the bases of the two fake cocks, positioning herself so that she could comfortably fuck herself and see the camera, and let her viewers--and Marie--see her expression as she fucked herself.
She began slowly at first, starting with the dildo in her pussy, then pulling at the one in her ass as the first dildo began its journey back inside her pussy. She alternated the two cocks, fucking herself at a tantalizingly slow pace. It took all her effort not to just start slamming them in and out of her holes. Blake did speed up though--she would have gone crazy if she hadn't--and looked past the camera at Marie. Her friend was sweating now, still playing with herself, though much more furiously than when Blake had last checked in on her.
Is she thinking of me, or Liam?Blake wondered.
Oh, fuck.
Thinking of Liam sent Blake over the edge. She cried out as her holes exploded and her mind shattered in pleasure. Some small part of her that was still in control kept pumping the dildos in and out of her ass, knowing that she likely would not be able to start again if she stopped. The rest of Blake's mind, however, was gone.
The moment the thought of Liam had entered her mind, Blake had lost all control of her thoughts. The two fake cocks pumping in and out of her became Liam's cocks. Big, thick, warm cocks, fucking her relentlessly. He was behind her, fucking her ass, below her, fucking her pussy, in the chair watching her getting fucked into oblivion.
Blake surrendered to it--not that she had much choice--and moaned and writhed as the two Liam's fucked her while the other watched.
At some point, Blake stopped fucking herself and came back to reality. She turned off the feed, making a note to apologize for the abrupt exit later on one of her social media platforms.
"Marie?" she managed to croak, her voice thick with her post-orgasm haze, "You still there."
For a moment, nothing, then, "Yes."
Blake almost laughed--Marie's voice sounded just as thick as hers. She rolled over onto her back, leaving the two dildos as they were, halfway inside her--they'd come out eventually, "Could you do me a favor and turn on the water in the bath, then come back in?"
"Sure."
Blake tried to wake herself a bit as Marie adjusted her clothing, then exited the room, returning a few minutes later. She stood in the doorway, her eyes wide.
Blake took a deep breath and propped herself up against her pillows, stripping off her stockings, "Come over here."
Marie did so, hesitantly, though Blake had to pat the side of the bed to get her to sit.
They sat together for a while, not speaking, both breathing deeply, Blake with the dildo's still halfway in her holes.
Finally, Marie spoke up, "That was--you're--that was really hot."
Blake giggled, "Thanks. That's not a usual show, though. I don't often have trouble standing after my shows."
Marie chewed on her lip for a moment, then spoke up again, "Um, having something...in your ass like that," She gestured to the dildo still lodged in Blake's ass, "Doesn't it hurt?"
"A little," Blake said, shrugging, "If you don't prepare and warm yourself up, it definitely does, but if you do it right, it only hurts in a good way, and it feels really good, really quickly. If you want to try it with Liam, make sure you're clean up there and don't eat anything spicy that day. You also probably want to take a few shots of something and play with yourself and get used to the feeling until you can take something slightly bigger than Liam without much of a warmup."
Marie's eyes went wide, and Blake remembered where her mind had been during the last part of her show. She shoved the memory away--she was not going to think about that now. Not ever again.
"Hey Marie?" Blake asked.
"Yeah?"
"Can you help me to the tub?"
Marie blinked, eyes going wide, and Blake laughed, "You forget about that?"
Marie nodded, grabbing Blake's wrist and almost tugging her off the bed, "Shit, let's go before it's too full."
Blake laughed, putting her hand between her legs to keep the dildos from falling out, and followed, walking a little bow-legged. Marie stopped when she noticed that Blake hadn't taken them out.
"I'll just take them out once I get in there and wash them in the sink." Blake explained.
Marie nodded without a word and continued leading her friend to the bathroom.
When they got to the bathroom, Blake pulled the toys out of her--both leaving the holes with audible exit noises--and plopped them into the sink, turning on the water. Thankfully the dildo that had been in her ass was still clean. When she turned around, Marie was wide-eyed again, eyes darting back and forth between Blake's crotch and the sink.
Now it was Blake's turn to be embarrassed as she put her hair up into a messy bun, "Oh, sorry."
Marie helped Blake sink into the bath, which was as hot as possible while still being relaxing. Blake sank into the water and sighed before turning her attention back to Marie, "So. Any other questions?"
Marie tentatively sat down on the edge of the tub and nodded, "Um, when you said to find something bigger than Liam...where do I find something that big?"
Blake raised an eyebrow? "Is he bigger than either of the one's in the sink?"
Marie nodded.
"Really? Longer, or--"
"Both?"
Damnit, now I know how nice his cock is, too!
Blake gave Marie and appreciative look, "Damn, dude. You're almost as small as me, that's impressive. And a little scary."
Marie grinned sheepishly, looking a little proud.
"Have you ever had him in your ass before?" Blake asked.
Marie shook her head.
"Is that part of the reason why?"
Marie nodded, "And why I didn't go down on him for a long time. Well, that and stuff from Dan.
Blake nodded sympathetically, "Don't feel bad about that. Especially since you're willing to try now. Anal can feel really good--I can actually cum just from something in my ass. I also like the feeling of being so full. I wouldn't worry about sticking anything up there for a little while, though."
Marie gave her a questioning look, "Why not?"
Blake sighed, "Because you're way too tightly wound, dude. If you're going to enjoy sex, you need to learn to relax and just shut out school and everything else in life for a bit. And you get too embarrassed about this kind of stuff--well, you did before my show at least. You're doing better now."
Marie shrugged, "This isn't bad at all. We used to shower together sometimes."
Blake laughed, "I had almost forgotten about that. I'm so glad this place has enough hot water for us and Sophie. I do miss having someone to wash my back though, especially when I get back from the gym."
"Well," Marie said, "If you want, we could start doing that every once in a while to help me get more comfortable with this stuff. I kinda miss it, too."
Blake grinned, moving around to get a bit more comfortable in the water, "If you ever want cheer up Liam or get him going, you could always tell him about it. Guys are suckers for that kind of thing."
Marie's eyes went wide, "Um, please don't tell him about this. Not yet, at least. I definitely enjoyed what just happened, but part of me is still having trouble believing that it did actually happen."
Blake sighed and then stuck her tongue out, "Fine. You're no fun though, especially when he gets even more embarrassed about stuff like that than you do. When I asked him if you two had slept together yet, his face went bright red."
"You didn't think we had slept together yet?" Marie asked, eyebrow raised in disbelief.
Blake threw her a flat look, "Of course I knew you guys had done it, dude. I just wanted to see his reaction. Anything else you want to ask about with him? For blowing him, just listen to what makes him moan and stuff to figure out what he likes--although you should also just ask him about that--and if you want to try deepthroating him, practice on a dildo first."
"Oh," Marie said, "Um...any other advice on relaxing and getting more comfortable then?"
Blake nodded, "Walk around your room naked a lot, just to get used to it. And when you're hanging around the apartment--especially when Liam is here, wear some clothing that's tighter or more revealing, or just less. I'll also help you find some porn to watch or erotica to read later."
Marie blushed at that but nodded. She stood up, "Thanks, Blake. And again, I'm really sorry for everything."
Blake smiled forcing down the guilt she felt over imagining Liam inside her, "Thanks Marie. Want to make it up to me by ordering some food?"
Marie laughed, "Sure. Sandwich place?"
Blake nodded, "Yes, please."
Marie left, closing the door behind her, and leaving Blake alone with her thoughts.
A/N: What would you do if you got a front-row seat to your roommate's cam show? Do you think Blake's advice will stick? Thank you again for reading! <3