It's New Years Eve. We are taking the underground together across Valencia, on our way to a secret party with naughty intentions.
It's cold and I wrap my coat tighter around me as you put your hand on my leg and move closer to me. You turn and kiss my cheek, whispering in my ear "take your pick."
I scan the carriage, looking for the ideal person to help us fulfil our fantasy. I immediately spot knee high, leather boots, tailored suits and briefcases and sculpted cheekbones and Jawlines. My skin tingles as I catch a hint of a soft, oriental perfume. Like a hunter, I'm obsessed, yearning to find the body drenched in that beautiful scent. I spot her sitting on the opposite side, a few rows down. Turning to you with my wicked smile, you know I've chosen. You kiss me hard, pulling me in towards you, letting your tongue find mine, lingering on my lips before you look me in the eye and wink at me.
As I get up and walk towards my new intrigue I can feel your eyes all over me, urging me on. When we have these adventures together, you always enjoy the mystery of my conversations with my selection. You like that they are mine, to do what I want with, whilst u watch in anticipation of my next move. Following my brief chat with the girl, I rise from the chair next to her. I lean forward, taking her chin in my hand and moving slowly towards her parted lips. You feel your dick throb in your jeans as you watch our tongues meet, our kiss soft but wet. You notice the girl edging up to meet my lips, already desperate for my touch. As I release her, you notice that I slip a card into her pocket, whispering something wild into her ear.
I stand and head towards you, completely ignoring your eyes but you notice my grin as I bite my bottom lip. Waiting by the doors, you stand and wait behind me, intoxicated in the sexual tension between us. We don't touch, but leave the carriage together, neither of us looking back to see if the girl has followed. We both know she has.
Without talking or even acknowledging each other, we leave the station and begin walking towards the party venue. You stay behind me, listening to the rhythmic tap of my heels on the pavement, picturing me wearing only these later on in the evening.
I turn the corner and things move quickly. I hand over my card to the bouncer and he nods me to enter. As the doors open, the smokey fog and sickly mix of drink draws us in. I head towards the cloak room as you take a seat at the corner of the high-stooled bar, ordering your usual. Your eyes meet mine as I begin talking to the bartender on the opposite side. You read my lips as I order two glasses of prosecco, excited by the quiet enthusiasm and dark intentions dancing in my eyes as the girl notices me and makes her way over. You smile at me and I lick my lips, a deep shiver echoes through your body, lighting a fire once again in your cock.
You watch our small talk with such eagerness, desperate to lunge across the bar and rip our clothes of. It's as if there is nobody else there, the music and other interactions are not important. Instead you focus on the way my hand strokes her arm, the affect it has on the girls body language. You sense how my every touch increases the silky wetness between her legs. As I slide my hand around her neck, gripping her hair slightly so her head turns and the side of her neck is exposed, you watch me kiss her neck so softly that she closes her eyes and moans quietly. I whisper in her ear once more and she stands to let me lead her to our room.
You arrive first, as we always plan. You leave only a soft bedside lamp on, so you can see details well enough but the glow doesn't reveal your presence. Removing your coat and belt, your erection is so strong, the intense feeling inside you feels fit to burst.
As we enter the room, I slide off the girls coat from behind, kissing her softly on the shoulder and asking her to make herself at home. I move to the mini bar, pouring two glasses of wine and glancing over at you as you gaze intensely at my body. Putting the glass in the girls hand I stand behind her again, slowly undoing the zip at the back of her dress. I turn and lift my hair, allowing her to do the same. Her fumbled, less confident fingers excite me as I know this experience will change her life in so many ways. I turn to face her and let my dress glide to the floor, encouraging hers to do the same. I can see her chest rising and falling more quickly now, I can feel her warm breath begging me to kiss her again. I take a sip of wine and move in close, putting the glass down and letting my fingers trace her waist, reaching round to her lower back and drawing her towards me. I kiss her collarbone and she tilts her head back, inviting me to trace her neck and jawline, approaching her lips with gentle determination. I ram my body against hers, forcing her to gasp as I slide my tongue into her hot mouth, releasing the energy that has slowly built since we met on the carriage.
We kiss fast and hard, I reach around and unclip her bra, kneeling down to flick my tongue over her nipples, which harden immediately. I hold her hips as I kneel in front of her, looking up into her eyes as I peel her lace underwear off with my teeth. She shudders and I can smell the want dripping out of her cunt. Her breathing still fast, I stand and lead her by the hand to the bed, pushing her down and spreading her legs. I move her up the bed and ask her just how naughty she would like this to be. She replies, "naughty enough." I tie her hands tightly to the head of the four poster, leaving her legs free to squirm. I love that. I kneel between her parted legs, noticing her glistening pussy and smooth lips. I lean over her, placing a blindfold on her and kissing her softly. I turn her head to the side, biting her ear lobe so her back arches and she desperately attempts to push her body up into mine. I kiss down her neck, gently biting and feeling her skin tingle. I cup one breast in my hand, squeezing passionately as I kiss her stomach. The heat of her skin makes me drip. Easing my nails down the sides of her body, she moans and begs me to stop. With her legs parted, I blow a stream of warm air on her clit, revelling in the way her body squirms beneath me. I sit back on my knees, removing more goodies from my bag.
Firstly I take the nipple rings, returning to her nipples to suck hard, making them pert. I gently place the ring around them, licking and nibbling them. I then kiss down the side of breast and body, moving towards her hip bone. You hear a whoosh through the air, followed by a crack as the whip meets the same spot I just kissed. She screams out. I repeat this on her nipples, kissing them before and after.
Putting the whip to one side for now, I move down the bed, moving my face to her cunt. I rest there, letting my hot breath capture her clit, making it throb and tingle. The girl was smooth, hot, ready. I kiss her inner thighs until she's squirming uncontrollably. I then let my flat tongue move from her entrance, slowly all the up to her clit, tasting her soaking wet creases. She groans and rubs her clit against my tongue. I see her cum drip out of her, I lap it up eagerly. Letting my tongue return to her clit I circle it slowly, flicking occasionally and reading her signals to learn what she loves. Desperate to drink her, I slide two fingers just inside her pussy. I rhythmically move my tongue up and down the length of her cunt whilst deeply sinking into her. Sliding a third finger in, I feel her g spot, eager to be felt. With her back arching I move faster, licking and sucking her lips and clit, fingering her deep, hard and fast. As her hips reach up, I wait until I know shes about to explode and then I take my fingers out of her and put my open mouth over her hole, lapping up her sweet juices as she squirts into me. I let some dribble out over my lip, onto her clit, driving her wild once again.
Covered in her cum, I reach up and remove the blindfold. She looks at me, exasperated and drenched in pleasure. I kneel over her body, kissing her so she tastes her own sweet cunt. I let my pussy rest on hers, my clit piercing teasing her. I start to grind slowly, completely engrossed in how it feels to have our wet cunts dripping all over each other's. She leans up and kisses me hard, surprising me and making me want to fuck her harder. I let one leg fall between hers so I can grind hard and fast against her. She takes my nipples in her warm mouth and I feel my cum easing out of me. I tell her to keep going as I grind. a Arching my back and gripping her hips I bounce and rub, pushing down and soaking her completely.
To thank her for my ecstasy, I move back between her legs. Rubbing my flat palm over her clit and sliding my tongue deep inside, I feel her building once again. I grab my whip and let the tip just touch her clit as she squirts up into the air, my fingers buried in her.