This is a direct sequel to 'Memories of Emma', and probably doesn't make much sense without it. As my first story, it was better received than I could have imagined; and I hope this second chapter lives up to whatever expectations it may have created.
I cannot, in all honesty, remember how I slept that night; but I do remember a lot of confused dreams about Emma from that time. We'd be at a party, or somewhere else where there were a lot of other people, and at some point she'd call me away into a private room, and, wearing what she had been that day, start to strip for me. A dress from a club or a hoodie from the library, her top would come off, and somewhere in my subconscious I'd decide whether she'd been wearing a bra that day.
Most often she was silent, but other times she would tease me. I'd called her flat for years -- it was a good bit -- and dream-Emma would get her comeuppance. And that was how it always ended: Emma topless, smirking, mocking my reaction to her body. I never touched her, and her bottoms (whatever they were) never came off. At least not in those early days.
I never worried too much about those dreams meant, but no doubt amateur psychologists could have fun with them. As I gained the upper hand in real life, I gave it back in my dreams; or maybe there was a genuine anxiety about starting to see Emma in a sexual light.
That may have been it, actually.
Official orientation began the next day. I was going to read English literature, Emma history, and everything was organised according to your course, so we weren't likely to see each other until dinner at the earliest. Which was probably good. What's the first thing that you say to a friend after wanking to her nudes for the first time? Hell, after sending a nude?
I considered texting her as I walked over to the uni, and got as far as opening Messages, but even with the picture deleted, 'he scooped some up and fed it to me' redirected too much blood from my brain, and it seemed best not to linger on it.What had we started?
What hadIstarted?
The day started with a presentation by the Professor of English, an amusing but long-winded man who didn't do quite enough to drive images of perky nipples and a cum-splattered midriff from my mind. But soon enough I was introducing myself to classmates and the flow of new names and faces pushed the images from my mind. Next was a tour of the humanities buildings, and an introduction to library, before a big pizza lunch in the quad. This was for all the humanities students, and I'm pretty sure I saw the back of Emma's head, but I was caught up in a group of English students and couldn't get over to her: maybe for the best.
The afternoon was quieter, starting with a fire-and-brimstone talk about academic integrity. The professor who gave it would eventually become my thesis advisor and a trusted mentor; and though he retired a few years ago, I still amuse myself sometimes by imagining what he'd say about ChatGPT. After that, a talk on IT, and some time in a computer lab to set up our new email addresses. Then we were free: which meant it was time for the pub.
Someone knew where they were going, and soon enough a mob of us were heading across the river to what was jokingly called 'the English department', which turned out in fact to be a pub called the Swineherd. The patio had already been taken over by returning students, and beers were pressed into our hands as we swam through the crowd to a table.
As the press from our arrival started to dissipate, I found myself at a picnic table on the patio with three others: Sarah, a blonde second-year, and two other first years: Dave, whom I'd met at lunch, and Olivia, a red-head who seemed a little bit lost.
Sarah had the sort of personality that immediately put people at ease, and (between that and the alcohol) we were soon enough sharing our excitement and hopes for the year. Dave had played volleyball too, and soon we were trading old tournament stories while Sarah re-assured Olivia that uni students didn't spend all of their time drinking. 'Sure, there's plenty of work to do. But you'll go crazy if that's all you do. Getting fucked up is a great way to relieve stress -- for that matter, so is getting fucked!'
Olivia's blush turned her face nearly the same colour as her hair, and Sarah let out a cackle that drew Dave and I out of our conversation. 'Are all first years this prudish?'
I nearly choked on my beer, thinking about the previous night, and left Dave to defend our honour. It turned out that he had grown up locally, and was still with his high school girlfriend. Not, I thought, as my mind went to Alexis, that being with someone meant that you couldn't still be a bit of a prude. But the answer was good enough for Sarah, who turned her attention to me next. 'Uni girls won't be throwing themselves at you just cause you can smack a ball nice and hard, you know.'
Confidence seemed to be working, so: 'That's not all these hands can do.' Sarah's great laugh boomed out again, but it was Olivia's second, smaller blush that caught my eye. She had delicate features, and a pretty face.Interesting.
'We'll see about that, Firstie. You gonna be out tonight?'
Dave cut in before I could. 'Miss our first student night? Not likely!'
'Student night? But it's Wednesday!' Came Olivia's objection, to general amusement.
'Don't worry, sweetie' said Sarah, dropping her arm over Olivia's slender shoulders. 'We're gonna teach you everything that you need to know.'
The conversation continued with a discussion of the famous uni triad of sleep, grades, and fun, of which you could have any two but never all three. Then Sarah got a bit more serious and started reflecting on her own first weeks. 'Some people you see every day for a month, then never again; and some people you only see in class but somehow you're best friends three months later. You can't plan anything. And, yeah, maybe you sleep with the wrong person and get hurt for a bit, but a year later it's only the good parts that stick. You only get one chance to make your mark, y'know?'
We didn't, of course, but we made the right kind of assenting noises. There was a bit of a lull in the conversation after that, and Dave popped off to the bathroom while Sarah went to grab another round. I opened my phone and, trying not to think too much about it, sent a text to Emma.
Student night?
My face must have given something away. 'Someone special?' Olivia's voice was soft with a shyness that I found strangely appealing.If only she knew.
'An old friend,' I said with a laugh, and was telling her a bit about Emma when the others returned. Sarah had apparently seen some open seats at another table, and insisted on dragging us off to the larger group. The next few hours passed in a blur of names, faces, and drinks. Quite a few drinks. Eventually someone bought some food, and soon enough we all followed suit. The plan, as it filtered down the table, seemed to be for a break after eating so people could go home and get ready for the night out.
In the meantime, I had been texting with Emma:
Yes! Some of the history girls are gonna take us out, so we'll hook up with you guys later?
Interesting choice of words
As if your nerd friends would know what to do with us
History students aren't nerds anymore?
Ha ha. We're starting at sugar and spice around midnight
Not sure where we'll be. Will keep you posted.
We left the Swineherd around 8, though not before I'd exchanged numbers with Sarah, Dave, and a few others (though not Olivia, I regretted obscurely: she'd given her number to Sarah but not volunteered it any further). The plan, as I gathered it, was for the guys to meet up at another pub around 10, before meeting the girls somewhere called Jungle Bar around midnight.
It was a pretty short walk back to my flat, and when I get home Steve was hanging with some friends in the lounge. I figured that I had some time to kill, so I joined them in a couple of drinking games before heading to my room to prepare, such as it was. Being a dude has some perks. I tossed on some black jeans and a dark-red shirt, cuffing the sleeves at my elbows. Before leaving, I texted Dave to make sure I wouldn't be the first one there, and replied that he was on his way too; then I told Emma that we'd be starting at Jungle Bar but hopefully find her later.
As it turns out, I did get to the next pub first (The Elk, the name contained between the impressive antlers of its namesake on the sign), but after a few minutes of awkward loitering I saw Dave and a few other familiar faces make their way up the street. We settled in to a large, comfortable booth, and with a full afternoon of drinking under our belts, the conversation flowed much more smoothly than might have been expected. Eventually a cute brunette made her way over to our table, a short skirt and crop top revealing her athletic form, and my eyes lingered maybe a bit too long on the subtle hint of her abs before Dave could introduce her as Becca: his girlfriend.Well done, Dave.
After a few more rounds, we finally got a text from Sarah that the girls were ready, and it was time to head towards Jungle Bar. Not entirely trusting our own sense of direction, we piled into a couple of taxis and soon found ourselves on one of the main streets in town, at that weird time when the quiet of the late evening was giving way to the wild clamour of the night. Jungle Bar was tucked in off a side alley, its door framed by plastic palm fronds, a small taste of the gaudiness indoors. Off to the right was a long, tiki-style bar, which was already busy, and in front of us was the dance floor, which wasn't. The entire ceiling seemed to be covered in artificial foliage, and a sign with large red letters declared a platform in the far corner the 'Rain Forest'.
'Don't go getting any ideas!' came Sarah's voice from behind me. I turned to see her smiling and wearing the sort of dress that made me love being a uni student. She was tall -- about my height, in heels -- and curvy, wearing a pink dress that was doing the bare minimum required to preserve her modesty.
'Do people really go up there?' I couldn't help but ask.
'Just you wait, Firstie.'
The guys and I were swept along by Sarah and her train over to the bar, and though I looked for Olivia she didn't seem to be there. The music was already too loud for small talk, so I stood quietly behind Dave and Becca in line at the bar. Eventually I grabbed the student special (vodka Red Bulls -- toxic, but they'd keep you going) and made my way to the corner of the dance floor where the rest had gathered somewhat awkwardly. But the place was filling up quickly, and soon enough the music, alcohol, and general enthusiasm of the crowd wore away everyone's reservations. Dave and Becca were quickly entangled in a way that fairly well rebutted Sarah's earlier accusation of prudery, but the rest of us generally stuck in a few large circles. As with most nights in town, things soon enough became a bit of a blur, punctuated by a spilled drink or (bizarrely) a short dance with a cute but intimidatingly tattooed girl, who vanished as suddenly as she'd appeared.
I took that as my cue to grab another drink, but as I turned away I felt someone grab my upper arm. 'On to the next one, Firstie!' I followed Sarah to the edge of the dance floor, and escaped to the deafening quiet of the street. Dave and Becca were still with us, along with a couple of guys from the Elk and three girls, one of whom was definitely named Annie, but I could not have told you which.
'Where to next?' Dave asked, and Sarah suggested Sugar and Spice -- which I quickly seconded.
'Got someone you wanna see?' she asked in an amused tone, and I answered honestly but incompletely about Emma, before shooting her a quick text to ensure that we weren't about to pass like two ships in the night.
waiting for bathroom we'll probably be stuck here forever.
That worked for me. I had no idea what I expected to happen when I saw her, but based on her documented activities at parties, and our mutual drunkenness, a certain thrill of anticipation was starting to take hold.
Back on the main street, we were swept along by the hordes of screaming and laughing students, and finding myself next to Sarah I couldn't help but ask about Olivia. 'Oh, well, that might be my fault,' she said with a tone of mild regret. 'Did you notice whether she ate any dinner?'
I hadn't, honestly. 'Yeah, me neither. Well, anyway, she came over to mine to get ready, and I guess we were a bit too encouraging when it came to shots. Anyway, she wasn't in much of a fit state to come out. Shame, though,' she met my eye conspiratorially, 'she was lookinghotin her little green dress.'
I wasn't quite ready to explore that line of thinking yet (Emma was quite enough confusion for now), and tried my best to redirect. 'You guys get her home OK?'
'Yeah, and luckily her flatmates are homebodies, so she's got some people to take care of her.' The edge was completely gone from Sarah's voice, and I caught for the first time the abiding concern for her friends that made her such an easy person to like.
My phone buzzed again.still stuck in line organise UN aid.
drafting a security council resolution
'How far off is this place?'
'Just up the block! Honestly it's a better place to start than Jungle, which doesn't really go off until they start up the Rain Forest.'
'Is that really-'
'Yup. Not for the modest. Or the sober. We'll you get you up there soon enough.'
'Just depends on the company.'
Sarah's laugh boomed out. I was quickly growing to like her, but though she looked good in that pink dress (which had currently ridden up just enough to reveal the hint of a very impressive bum), there was no real sexual tension: just an effortless banter that she extended to anyone who could keep up. For a second I thought of my friendship with Emma, which I would have described in much the same way until about 24 hours ago. Ours not to wonder why, I suppose; and I couldn't claim to regret anything.
We turned after the next street and followed a small stream of people down another side alley, where we joined a queue in front of a red door. 'It's a bakery and cafe during the day,' I heard Sarah explain to Dave and Becca. 'That's the sugar. Then at night they open up the back room, with the bar and dance floor--'
'Where things get spicy,' Becca finished for her. Though she hadn't been drinking as long as we had, she'd done her part to catch up. Between that, and Dave's quite enthusiastic attention at Jungle Bar, she was getting bolder than I had expected. Trying (and no doubt failing) to be surreptitious, I let my eyes trace the healthy swell of her breasts, pressed up beneath her low-cut top into some remarkable cleavage.
I forced myself to look away, somewhat confused. I'd only met Dave today, but he already felt like a friend; and whether by him or anyone else, Becca was taken. Something seemed to have changed, last night, seeing Emma: the idea of people's sexuality, unknown but lurking, seemed more potent.How would Dave and Becca end the night?Fucking, sure, but that seemed too simple: what did she like? How would he make her cum? And what would she do for him? A vision of her breasts wrapped around his dick swam into my mind, unbidden but not quite unwanted...
'Earth to Matty, Earth to Matty,' came Dave's voice, drowning my visions in a wave of guilt. The line had moved a good fifteen feet ahead of us, and I was now at the back of the group. 'You good, man?'
'Yeah, just... thinking. Big day,' I offered somewhat lamely. But Dave was nodding, agreeing.
'It is, isn't it, starting uni? It all feels so much more real now. And I didn't even really move, not like you.' The line was still moving, even as we didn't. 'Come on now, let's get you inside, see if you can't sample some of the opportunities that this new life offers.'
I could only laugh at that, thinking of Emma inside and the paradox that my oldest friend had taken a completely new part in my life. Not that that was what Dave had meant, of course. Maybe that was what I needed: a torrid spin on the dance floor, and a chance to take someone home to my own flat. It had been a few weeks now since I'd last seen Jane, and whatever was happening with Emma, I knew that I couldn't rush it.Would she be OK with my getting laid?I certainly didn't feel as though I had any exclusive right to her.And anything she did, I could make her tell me about. Make her show me.
Thoughts that I had successfully suppressed that morning were beginning to resurface under the influence of alcohol and promise of seeing Emma, but before I could get too distracted the bouncer was asking for my ID, and we were in. The room was shadowy, bathed in a dim, red light, with high rafters lost in the gloom above. The dance floor was immediately before us, while off to the right a wide doorway was closed off with a curtain: the entrance to Sugar, I suspected. Along the back wall, beyond the heaving mass of bodies, ran a series of booths and tables; and the bar itself was off to the left. Beyond it ran a hallway leading, I guessed, to the bathrooms.
Becca dragged Dave straight down onto the dance floor, and I looked away with an obscure twinge of envy. Trying to shake it off, I turned to Sarah. 'Buy me a drink?' She laughed, and turned towards the bar.
'You're not quite my type, Firstie.' As we approached the bar, we passed the hallway and I could see the line of women that Emma had been -- still was? -- stuck in. I was just about to text her when I saw Kim's face moving back towards us from the depths, joined a second later by Emma's. Catching Sarah, I shouted something about waiting for friends, trying rather vainly to point them out. But soon enough Kim gave a big wave, and emerged followed by Emma and a pretty brunette whom I didn't recognise. Drunk girls only do one kind of introduction, and Kim gave me a big hug before turning to Sarah for introductions, at which point the brunette embraced me, shouting 'Dani!' in my ear. I returned the favour, and then there was Emma.
There seemed to be a question in her eyes, but I was too distracted by what she was wearing to notice. She wore a black halter dress, open in the back and cut so low at the front that even with her small breasts she was forced to wear a lacy black bra -- the same dress and bra that
she had been wearing in the photos I had seen last night.And not wearing, came the more dangerous thought from below my belt, and my heart thudded. Then she stepped in for a hug, casual as ever, though of course it wasn't. Her body felt alien against mine, not the Emma I knew. Well, she'd made her move. Leaning in close, I asked, 'Matching panties?'
She pulled away, but I locked my arms behind her, holding the embrace. Irritation flashed in her eyes, but that was a look I knew well, and harmless. She pushed again, and I squeezed tighter, feeling the softness of her back where her dress left the skin bare. The irritation hardened, but there was a rising flush in her cheeks:she liked it when I took control. Then her gaze dropped, not quite holding mine, and I heard a shy 'Yes.'
'Good girl,' I whispered back as I let her go. I'm not sure that she heard it, but the flush hadn't entirely left her cheeks as we turned to face the others, quite oblivious that our hug had been anything but friendly.
'Have you met my friend Dani?' Kim shouted across the circle, bringing us back to the world outside our ill-defined game.
'Only just now!' I said, looking properly at the brunette for the first time. She had a pretty face, with brown eyes, plump cheeks, and full lips. Her hair, worn down, framed it nicely, and swept just low enough to tickle the tops of her full breasts, which sat high but heavy, unsupported by anything but a soft blue dress designed, I think, for someone rather less gifted. There was a softness to her curves, lush and feminine, so very different from Emma's athletic tone. Dani caught me looking, of course, but only laughed and turned to Emma with an evil grin.
'Thisis Matt? You never told me he was cute!' Something about her reminded me of Jane (something, that is, more than just her tremendous rack): she had the same predatory confidence, as if she were a cat and the rest of us mice.This could be dangerous.But Emma was only laughing.
'Short stuff? You can do way better!'
'Perfectly average, thank you,' I said, straightening myself for effect. Emma was very nearly taller than me -- damned heels -- but I still had a good four inches on Dani, who giggled and held my eye.
'That's not the measurement I worry about.' I smirked, slightly paralysed, and was saved from responding by the realisation that the group was heading towards the bar, and we risked being left behind. Dani led the way, and I followed alongside Emma, my mind too choked with questions to articulate any individually. Could I pursue Dani? Would Emma be hurt? I had no illusion that I would be taking Emma home with me that night: this wasn't a game of desperate lust but control, a slow exploration of something neither of us, it seemed, fully understood. Was I supposed to wait? Dani might just be a flirt and a tease, but still she seemed like fun. I felt like I was driving blind, trying to stay between lines that I couldn't see.
I looked again at Emma. She'd chosen that dress for me, though I knew that I wouldn't be the one to take it off. But, I felt with a rush of certainty, her plan wasn't to keep it on. She wasn't waiting, but letting me in, a spectator to her game, able to take certain liberties but not (yet?) a full participant. That felt right, somehow, and as I met her eyes I gave what I hoped was a small and reassuring smile. Reaching down, I squeezed her hand gently, and in her soft, uncertain smile I saw what I hoped was understanding -- and relief. Whatever our hopes for the future, this is what she needed now: to be seen, enjoyed; and I felt a great joy in sharing that.
I felt a certain relief, too, in knowing that Dani was fair game. I couldn't quite suppress a thought of her breasts freed from their scanty restraints, her full lips around my dick, cum coating her cheeks...
It had been too long since I'd been laid. Looking ahead, Dani's round ass strained against the skirt of her dress, less enticing at the moment than her boobs, though I'd learn the error of my ways eventually. My mind started to wander again before--
'Hey!'
Emma had jabbed me in the rib with her fingers. 'Put your eyes back in your head, you cretin.'
'You're just jealous she has something worth looking at.' And with that I skipped forward and placed an arm around Dani's waist. She looked up, startled, as I asked, 'What are you drinking?' Her surprise gave way to amusement, and she met my waiting gaze with self-satisfied smile.
'Someone's feeling confident.'
'Just don't want anyone to get dehydrated.'
'How noble. A gin and tonic should do the trick.'
'Excellent decision.' By this point we'd reached the pile of bodies against the bar that constituted a line, and as Emma slid in behind us she mimed gagging. I felt lighter than I had all day: Emma was still Emma, even if we'd opened the door to something new. And Dani feltverygood in my arm. We made small talk for the next few minutes over the sound of the music and the shouts of patrons trying to get their orders in, and eventually we walked away, a gin and tonic in her hands and a rum and Coke in mine. Sarah and Kim, who apparently knew each other, led us down to the dancefloor, not making any attempt to find Dave and Becca through the crowd. Emma brought up the rear, and soon we had our own little circle, moving happily to the music as we drank.
Kim made her move first: leaning in, she yelled 'I'm gonna go climb a tree!' before vanishing, only to be seen a few minutes later, true to her word, making out with a guy who must have been 6'7. We cheered, and soon enough Sarah was gone too, dancing --interesting-- with a spiky-haired girl in a leather vest. Then it was Dani's turn.
Stepping in close, her voice slid through the thumping of the music. 'So what do you think that drink bought you?' Her smile was eager, her lips bright, and I dipped my head down to taste them. She accepted the kiss eagerly, wrapping her arms around my back as my hands found her waist. Pulling her in tight, I revelled in the feel of her body, the softness of her waist, the warmth of her mouth. Finally breaking the kiss for air, I leaned around to her ear and said, 'I'll accept that as a first instalment.'
She let out a tinkling laugh before twirling away. 'When's the next one due?' Reaching out for her hands, I pulled her back in and kissed her again, more quickly this time.
'Now.' The game continued for a bit, Dani moving constantly away but always eager to be pulled back in: a tease, maybe, but as we went her excitement seemed to grow.
We had, of course, left Emma quite alone, but she was apparently quite capable of remedying that situation on her own; as I pursued Dani across the floor I caught sight of Emma pushed up against a taller guy with impressively broad shoulders. Again the photos from last night ran through my head, the dress disappearing, the shine of her blowjob eyes, a belly button full of cum... I met her eyes at one point, not quite intentionally, and was rewarded with a quick smirk, and I knew that tonight would go the same way.Did she always make them take pictures?
My dick was starting to get very invested in the night's outcome, and pulling Dani in for a deep kiss I let my hands fall to her ass, kneading her rich cheeks. Giggling around the kiss, she tried to pull away and continue the chase, but I held her tight and let my mouth drop to her neck, which was enough to break her resistance. Her kisses became hungrier, and she certainly felt my growing arousal pressing against her belly. I caught another glimpse of Emma, locked in her own deep kiss with Shoulders, before we spun away again, and bumped (quite literally) into Sarah, now dancing with a woman wearing combat boots and an impressive array of piercings.Well, I guess she has a type.
Distracted by Dani, I didn't notice Emma leave, but as I glanced around I couldn't see her or Shoulders anymore.Interesting. She wasn't normally the type to leave without saying goodbye -- not that I was sure what 'normal' meant anymore.
But it was hard to focus on Emma while Dani pressed her body against mine, all coyness lost to desire. My body was responding enthusiastically, and she seemed quite happy to encourage it as she twisted herself around again and settled her ass firmly against my dick. I kissed her neck, at which point she started grinding, and let my hands rest low on her hips, gently tracing the line of what felt like very skimpy panties. I wanted little more than to reach up her dress and find what they concealed, but even Jane had drawn a line at being fingered on the dance floor.
So I let my hands slide up instead, appreciating the softness of her body beneath the dress, moving slowly enough to be stopped but with an obvious goal. No objections on her part, so soon enough I was brushing against the bottoms of her breasts, relishing their soft fulness. She had certainly gone without a bra, were any confirmation needed. Letting an adventurous thumb move higher, I could feel the taut excitement of a hardened nipple.
She was no less enthusiastic, grinding her ass firmly against my dick as I traced her neck with kisses. We continued like that for a while, but as fun as it was, it wasn't sustainable -- not here, at least. Neither of us was in a hurry to acknowledge that, but Emma's reappearance spared us any decision making. My hands had moved fully to Dani's breasts, and were starting to play with the line of fabric between exposed cleavage and the concealed interior when I caught sight of Emma's face moving back through the crowd.
As she got closer, and could see just how close Dani and I were, she met my eyes with an encouraging smirk. I had a sudden urge to pull down Dani's dress, to let Emma play the opposite side in her game of exhibitionism, but before I had to talk myself out of that, Dani noticed Emma too -- 'Emmaaaaa!' she screamed and pulled away, pouncing on her for the sort of hug that only drunk women can give. They whispered back and forth for a bit, giggling, but Emma's eyes kept coming back to mine; and briefly to the very visible bulge in my jeans.
Eventually they disentangled, and at some point Kim re-joined us too, apparently satisfied by her adventure in forestry. Dani slipped back over to me and I placed a hand comfortably on her hip as we watched another giggly reunion. Then Emma leaned over and announced that they were leaving. I looked down at Dani, and she gave me a quick, hungry kiss. But she didn't linger, and the look in her eyes was rueful. 'Sorry, stud. Don't sleep with boys the night I meet them. Saves a lot of drama.'
I felt her hand press hard against my crotch -- just for a second, before it slipped into a pocket to pull out my phone. Taking it from her, I opened up Contacts, and she watched as I put 'Dani' as her first name, and 'great tits' as her last name.
'You have no idea,' she leaned up and whispered as she took it to enter her number. I took the invitation to give them one final squeeze, making sure that Emma could see. As great as they felt, the greater thrill came from showing off for Emma. Dani gave a soft sigh, and pressed in tightly one more time. Sliding my phone back into a pocket, she whispered, 'Find some cute little first year to take care of you.' Then she was gone, leading Kim away. For a moment it was just me and Emma, an unfamiliar tension in the air. She seemed ready to say something, but she couldn't quite hold my gaze.Or was she waiting for me?
'Don't do anything I wouldn't do.' Not a great line. I don't know what I wanted her to do, but most of the options weren't exactly things that a straight man would enjoy. But it was suggestive without crossing an obvious line, which seemed safest as we negotiated the rules of... whatever this was.
Still, it drew an intriguing blush, and beneath the uncertainty I caught just a glimmer of that unfamiliar look in her eyes -- arousal. But before our boundaries were tested any further, Kim's hand found Emma's and pulled her away. In a second she was gone, the image of an enigmatic half-smirk lingering in my mind.
I retreated from the dance floor and sat down in an empty booth, both to give my legs a rest and to avoid making a spectacle of my still-erect penis. I was frustrated by Dani, though in hindsight not surprised: she was obviously a tease, but I had hoped that I'd done enough to warm her up. I regretted, for a moment, not trying to finger her -- she'd certainly been receptive to everything else -- but that was probably more horniness than good sense.Did she shave?Yes, I thought: she was too performative, too conscious of her image, not to.
Her parting words rang through my ears again.Find some cute little first year to take care of you.Unbidden, an image rose of red hair and a shy smile, and a green dress too small even for a petite body... But that wasn't an option either. Sighing, I stood up, needing both another drink and a piss. Turning into the hallway with the bathrooms, I passed the long line of girls before entering the men's room unimpeded, just to see two girls barge giggling out of a stall. Well, fair enough.
As I made my way back into the club, I saw Dave and Becca in line at the bar, and squeezed through the throng to join them. 'Where's everyone else?' Dave asked, and before I could share my ignorance Sarah re-appeared behind him.
'That little minx leave you high and dry?' My response was lost in Dave and Becca's laughter, which, though good natured, rankled a bit from two people who were definitely getting some tonight. But the ghost of Emma's smirk pushed back at my frustration. Dani might be gone, but that game wasn't over yet.
Eventually we got our drinks and made our way back to the dance floor. Sarah seemed to have given up on taking anyone home, and danced playfully with me while Dave made a noble attempt to ignore Becca's fuck-me eyes in the interests of prolonging the evening for us all. But he was, after all, an 18-year-old man, and could not hold out forever. Soon enough he was making his excuses, which drew jeers from Sarah. 'Go treat your girl right!' Becca's wolfish grin suggested that he would. I allowed myself one final, guilty glance at her ass as she walked away, and stopped myself short -- just -- of imagining Dave's hand slapping it as she rode him.
Sarah and I hung out for a bit longer to finish our drinks, dancing casually, but we both knew that the night was over. Eventually we made our way out to the street, where I made the gentlemanly offer to walk Sarah home. Perhaps tired, perhaps feeling less need to perform when it was just the two of us, she avoided the obvious snide comment about my trying anything; and, as we were headed in the same direction, accepted. 'Look at us losers, with only ourselves for company!' she laughed as we walked. 'I thought for sure that you'd be having your way with those tits in the blue dress tonight.'
'Next time,' I said, with a confidence that I was hoped was justified.
'You'd better seal the deal. She's not quite my type, but she does look fun...' The unbidden vision of Sarah and Dani, naked and tangled, wasn't entire unpleasant; but indignation at the thought of losing out must have shown more clearly on my face. 'Don't worry, Firstie. I'm not out to spoil your fun.'
We walked in silence for a few minutes, though she must have been able to read the question bubbling at the top of my mind. 'I'm bi, not a lesbian. I like dick as much as anyone -- only I like cunt too. And girls look way cuter between your legs; dunno why that is.'
'Amen to that,' I said with a laugh, as the image of Emma on her knees, mouth full of cock, eyes burning, threatened suddenly to overwhelm me.
'When's the last time you got some?' It wasn't the question I had expected, and it took me a minute to find an answer. I hadn't technically gotten any last night, and even the suggestion would raise too many questions. My answer was safe, and honest. 'A few weeks ago. End of a summer fling. You probably would've liked her: short hair, and tits to die for. Only a couple of tattoos, though.'
'Hah! Doesn't sound too bad. It's a shame when hot women are straight. Not that that always stops them...' We both laughed, and I was struck again by how easy conversation was with Sarah. I'd rarely had such blunt discussions about my sex life, even with guy friends, where there was always a subtle air of competition. With Emma it would have seemed too weird.Would have.
Before I had time to turn the question around on her, though, we were coming up to her street. Her flat was three houses down from the corner, a distance over which she was adamant that she did not need an escort. But I stood and watched as she made her way to her door, and as she unlocked it she turned and gave me a little wave of appreciation. I'd been very lucky, I reflected, to sit at her table at the pub.
Sarah's companionship had done what few things that day could: driven Emma from my mind. I hadn't even checked my phone since leaving the club. Pulling it from my pocket, I saw with a rush that I had a text notification from 10 minutes ago. It was from Emma -- of course it was.
maybe i already did
I stared at it for a moment, the words not properly registering until I remembered my goodbye to her: 'Don't do anything I wouldn't do.' A shock of adrenaline hit me as I realised what she must have meant. I watched her leave with Kim, and even if she had a guy on speed dial the message had come too quickly. No, she must have done somethingatthe club. With Shoulders? The vision of two girls barging out of a stall in the men's room ran through my brain, and I nearly stopped in my tracks.What had she done?Then, a second thought:How long had she been like this? How many times had she snuck off from a party, leaving us none the wiser? Had I just never realised that my best friend was a slut?
She must be at home now -- this wasn't a conversation to start in public. That seemed a fair excuse to keep walking, thinking about a reply. Besides, I like the idea of keeping her waiting. But what to say? I could call her bluff, but somehow I knew that she was being honest. The rules of our game were starting to become a bit clearer: she would open the door, but only enough for me to push my way in.
My flat was only a couple of blocks away, and by the time I turned my key in the lock and walked into a dark lounge -- John and Steve were still out; or, less likely, asleep -- I had a plan. It was pushing 3 am, and had been a good 20 minutes since Emma's text came in, but somehow I knew she would still be up, waiting for my response. She liked this just as much as I did. Once I'd made it to my room I kicked off my jeans, giving my dick some freedom to grow, and flopped onto my bed. Only then did I open up my texts again.
first time doing it in a bathroom stall?
It was a gentle start, but I wanted to confirm my guess. I got a bit more comfortable as I waited for a response, unbuttoning my shirt and letting a hand run down to my crotch, where my dick was already hardening with anticipation. For a moment I wished that it was Dani's hand, but there was something in the rush of doing...this, whatever it was, with Emma, that made it hard to regret too much. At any rate, the buzz of my phone broke me from my reverie before I could focus too much on the gentle heft of Dani's boobs in my hands.
you should pay more attention
Dammit. It was an answer, of sorts, but now I was on the back foot as I racked my brain about parties I'd been at with Emma. Of course, the whole point of sneaking around is that youdon'tget caught, but I don't think that she'd accept that excuse. Then, suddenly -- Aaron Scott had hosted an end of year party, and as he lived at the other end of town, my parents had agreed to pick up me and Emma at midnight -- not that late, but it beat the walk home. After my dad had texted that he'd arrived, I looked for Emma to grab her, she wasn't in the lounge, or the kitchen, or with the smokers on the back deck. I texted her that dad was there, and got a response as I said my goodbyes:bathroom 1 sec.
My heart pounded as I made the connection. How little I'd known!
aaron scott's?
i was full of cum the whole ride home
The words seemed like hieroglyphs, easy to recognise but impossible to understand. As I realised what she meant, for a second I was convinced she was lying -- but that wasn't the game. If I asked for something, I got it; and questions were answered truthfully. From anyone else, that confession would be funny, or just shocking: from Emma it was incomparably erotic. My dick was fully hard now and moistening my boxers with precum.
She liked to be seen -- I'd learned that last night -- and I wondered now if she enjoyed the confessions. Had she hoped to be caught? That someone would barge in, find her bent over the sink, her dress pushed up and panties around her ankles? Yes, I knew somehow. Would she have passed the intruder her phone, asking for a photo?
I was letting my mind wander too far. Somehow, even as I pushed and revealed her secrets, she was doing her best to gain the upper hand -- and succeeding, at least so far. Remembering the blaze of arousal in her eyes last night, I wondered if her underwear was now as inconvenient as mine.
pleasant memory?
what do you think?
i think you're a slut who loves to get fucked in public
The words were written before I could fully think them through. Before my nerve failed, I typed out two more messages:
i think you want to get caught
i think you like telling me about it
I wasn't sure what was more shocking: that I was sending these texts to Emma, or that I was convinced they were true.How would she reply?Not with simple agreement -- that wouldn't be her. I wished I could see her face: the indignation in her eyes, the false denial; and burning beneath these the arousal I'd seen yesterday, in her photos, and even more as she let me look at them.
My phone buzzed, and I looked down at her reply.
i think you're jealous that I got some tonight and you didn't
Petty, and weak -- I was getting to her.
did anyone hear you?
lol probably not. came while i sucked his dick
There were versions of this conversation where this information was simply matter-of-fact: a funny story about a bathroom hook-up, shared with a friend. Not with Emma. I was supposed to picture her, see her as though I'd walked into the stall, caught her sucking the dick she couldn't wait for. She liked to be seen, and this was a form of that. For my part, I was learning that I liked to watch. I wasn't supposed to know any of this; and that's what made it so hot.
did you swallow?
some. got most on my tits
makes for a better picture
fuck you
show me
I was fully masturbating at this point, my hand and cock slick with precum. Somehow I knew she was doing the same, and I wondered how she did it: rubbing through her panties, or naked and sprawled, eagerly fingering? I would find out, I was sure, but not tonight. Somehow that still seemed too intimate. This wasn't sexting, really: I was a witness, not a participant.
After all the night's excitement I knew that I wouldn't last much longer, and I slowed as I waited for the photo I knew she would send. Then, with a buzz, it came. Emma was on her knees, her eyes bright with an expression I was starting to recognise. Her mouth hung slightly open, as though overcome with arousal, and a line of cum ran from the corner of her lips to her chin. The halter of her dress had been undone, and her bra stood black against the paleness of her skin. A rope of cum clung to her neck, and her chest was splattered. Droplets sat on the exposed tops of her breasts, and some on the bra itself, through which her nipples, just like last night, were fully visible.
Emma, the cumslut. The effect was too much, and my dick, strained through the day by memories of Emma and Dani's teasing, finally erupted. My body went slack as I surrendered to the rush of pleasure, riding it out like a surfer on a wave that was slightly too large. Emma would know what had happened: she had sent that picture for a reason. She wanted to be seen: and I wanted to see. Looking down at my splattered abdomen, I imagined for a second that she had been with me; that the cum covering her tits was mine. I don't think I could have handled that -- not yet. Even the idea of getting naked in front of Emma still felt strange, inappropriate; like many fetishes, it was more possible to imagine than partake. Eventually, though...
The thought was too big. I grabbed my shirt to clean up with -- I really needed some tissues -- and then checked my phone again. The photo was still open, and my dick responded immediately. Closing it, I typed:
so you didn't actually get any either
Would she have fucked him, if he proved more resistant to the charms of her mouth? To be fair, I doubted that I would have done any better had Dani tried the same with me. Memories of public blowjobs from Jane trickled into my mind as I remembered that the wider world existed; between fear and excitement I had never lasted long. But though Jane had been shameless, it was always about her being willing to take what she wanted, everyone else be damned; being caught was a risk, sure, but that wasn't the point.
i got what I wanted
There was the Emma I knew; and as I read it I felt a wave of something quite different from arousal. It was something like affection, divorced from any eroticism. Just like having Emma here to start uni with me brought a sense of comfort, somehow she brought a similar comfort to our game. Though the boundaries were murky, somehow everything felt safe; even if I pushed too hard, she would push back; and neither of us could be hurt. At least not yet, I thought, as the ghost of an image of her lips around my own dick tried to materialise: but however risky that bridge may be, we would be crossing together.
Still drunk, exhausted, deep in post-orgasmic haze, I typed out one last message before surrendering to sleep.
me too