The pool party was a huge success. Word spread around that we were the toast of the town for new sex parties and groups. We enrolled a dozen couples from our exclusive neighborhood, four single men, a bisexual lesbian couple and widowed former NFL cheerleader, now 44, whose much older husband passed away 2 years prior. We now have a waiting list as 50 couples applied for membership in 30 days.
This was perfect as we charged each couple $500/month, single women $200/month and each of the 4 single men $400/month. Memberships would come with:
Free admission to all of our parties, up to twenty each year.
Exclusive video profile in our private website.
Invite up to two couples or singles to a party each year with no admission.
Two private instructional sessions per year with Chantal for each couple.
Group discounts on local spas, sexy clothes, toys and a trips to a tropical sex spa.
We decided to accept the top 40 couples. We added the 7 additional neighbors, Chantal and 4 of her delicious female friends as well as our original 4 maids, two of their young girlfriends, Teresa, Tom and me. Chantal, her friends, the maids, Teresa, Tom and me were not charged for our memberships of course since we were running the parties or being a part of the entertainment. The last 10 couples could join when anyone dropped out or didn't pay their fees due every quarter or monthly if they were in our HOA.
With the influx of revenue, (about $250k/year), we were able to start Chantal on her $60k/year salary plus tips and of course lots of other mostly sexual benefits. We could pay the maids and others $500 per party. We also invested in more furniture, toys, linens, pillows, air mattresses and many more items. Tom also said that we should invite security to our large parties, since a few of the guests took some liberties. He also had video cameras installed everywhere in the house so we could keep track of people and watch any action we missed during the parties. We felt that it would also give us leverage from anyone trying to blackmail or extort any of our members.
So the next party we needed to throw was for the ladies. We invited all of them to my house for a lingerie show and orgasmic aids party. We planned to have some demonstrations on how to use many of the newest toys, a lingerie fashion show and some informal one on one instruction.
We decided that all six of our maids, Chantal, two of her sex goddess friends, Teresa and I were going to wear the newest line of lingerie and form a reception line for the ladies as they walked into my home. Each of us was given a number with four copies to give to any woman who chose us. As the women entered, they were to pick a number from the lady they wanted to receive individual instruction from or whose group they wanted to join before entering the rest of the house.
We sent out the invitations with a simple note:
Ladies,
You are hereby invited to our first ladies only sexual fulfillment party.
All will be tantalized with a lingerie fashion show, new technologies, sexual presentations and one on one instruction. Your sexual satisfaction is guaranteed.
About four dozen women RSVP'd and over 40 women arrived between 6 and 7 pm. Some arrived in fancy dresses others wore lingerie or sexy outfits including short shorts and bikini tops. Once we had accumulated ten women on our front porch area, we invited them in all. They were instructed to check out all of us ladies in the reception line and choose one to be their personal instructor later. We told the next lady in line to have the next ten women wait and be ready to come in ten minutes later.
Many of our guests introduced themselves in various ways. After how our pool party went, nearly all the ladies came up to Chantal or me and not only kissed us, (sometimes very passionately), but also let their fingers roam too.
The women started choosing their instructor by how they kissed, how they looked or what type of fantasy they would like to share. They had only 10 minutes to make their decision. Oddly, Chantal gave out 3 of her numbers, Teresa gave out one and no one chose me from this first group. Perhaps I had sex with too many people at the pool party, who knows? Three more rounds of 10 women making their entrance were by over the next half hour. We gathered everyone into our patio to start the party.
I introduced Chantal as the key ingredient to our success in the Trophy Wives Club. I explained' "She will be paid a salary to help plan and coordinate all of our parties. She will be made available for two free private evening sessions with every couple who joined our club. When she does make a difference in your sex lives, you may only tip her up to $500, as we don't want her to play favorites with our members. She may also negotiate any private parties, events or additional one on one's with anyone for an undisclosed amount agreed upon by both parties outside of her responsibilities with us. My husband and I will host most of the parties. We are new to this lifestyle and look forward to spending quality time with many of our members, but we know we won't be able to get together with everyone. Chantal will do a great job of that we know."
Chantal then explained, "Whether you are near the same age as you spouse or much younger, we want you to be proud to be a part of our community. We are calling ourselves the Trophy Wives Club because being special, (ala a Trophy of a wife), doesn't have to mean only young wives who replaced first and second wives. We want it to all be treated like we are new, sexy and able to fulfill all their men's fantasies. We are all beautiful and sexy. We want all of the husbands to treat us special, never take us for granted again, and all of us will have the most incredible sexual journey we can create. Happy wives, happy lives. Happy husbands, happily ever after. Since unsatisfying sex and money are the biggest reasons for divorce and affairs, we decided to take a proactive approach that would be fair and fun for everyone. Ladies, please value your man, but if you do find a playmate you would like get together with after tonight, please enjoy each other and be safe. Every one of your husbands has agreed to let all of you share the love of another woman, but as you know what man wouldn't enjoy you bringing her home with you to share once and a while. Tonight however, we make a toast to all of you ladies and wish you many happy endings before you leave here. We will start with our lingerie fashion show, where all the apparel is available to purchase tonight."
Applause from everywhere filled the patio as the parade of ladies walked along the pool, one by one walking the catwalk showing off the latest features in sexy bedroom wear. In a small attempt to raise lingerie sales each of 11 ladies finished their stroll by sitting in the lap of one of our female attendees, sometimes kissing or playing with them while the show continued. I went first and then sat on the lap of a very voluptuous and sexy lady named Carolyn. We kissed and I made sure to lead her hand to my soaking wet clit while I played with her big amazingly, firm breasts during the fashion show.
Half an hour later, we started our demonstrations of the newest toys. Chantal started the first exhibition with me. She showed the crowd the newest in vibrating eggs. This one would not only have a remote control setting for vibration settings, but it also had a gyroscope inside that would make different parts of the egg carry a heavier weight and vibration. This could easily cause it to move around and even fall out, so you must be careful not to wear this model while out and about. She waved me over to the air mattress and had me lay down. Like it was nothing, she removed my sexy panties and began licking my clit and pussy lips in front of everyone. Her touch and the fact I was now on display as a sex toy for her to use made my pussy super wet as she slid the new toy into me. I kept my knees bent, feet on the ground, to make sure it stayed securely in my love tunnel. I was still wearing my 4 inch heels, thigh high stockings and see through top.
Chantal started me on a low vibration, making sure I was building to my climax at a very calm and relaxed pace. It felt really good. Chantal cranked the vibration up to eight and I tilted my head back, moaning loudly for everyone to know how incredible it felt now. I started to pinch my nipples, since I was not allowed to finger my clit. She made the gyro start and it felt like the egg was crawling all over the inside of my flowing pussy. I was writhing around on the mattress, a total slave to this wonderful new toy. After a few pleasured filled minutes Chantal said, "I don't want to have her on the edge of a the big one all night, so I will increase both the vibration and movement to the highest setting, so our Gwen can get off in front of all of you right now."
When she accelerated my pleasure, I was a woman out of my mind, moaning and screaming repeatedly, "Oh fuck, fuck. It feels so fucking good. Oh baby fuck, fuck, fuck me now. Take my pussy over and over again. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yes, yes, YES, OH FUCK!" My climax was one of epic proportions as I screamed my lungs out and squirted a fountain of cum two feet above my body five or six times. Nearly everyone gasped and clapped as it took several squirts before I could start calming down.
Chantal asked me, "Have you ever used this product before? Was that one of your best orgasms ever?"
I regained only a little of my composure and replied, "No I haven't used it before, but I would love to take my couple of my ladies into a bedroom and play with it all night. That was the most intense thing to ever have touched me."
Chantal reminded everyone, "Unless you are a guest, you may purchase any of our sexual satisfaction aids tonight at a greatly reduced price and we have your husbands' credit card on file. Guests who make any purchase tonight can still receive a discount on the price. Most of our toys will average $30-100 each, but as you have just witnessed a bargain at nearly any price." She stuck two fingers in me, brought them to her mouth and simply said, "Mmmm, tasty, very tasty."
Someone from the crowd asked, "How far is the range of the remote control?'
Chantal replied, "Why don't we test it. Girls let's move Gwen to the other side please."
Not being able to stand yet, I was glad when they picked up the air mattress with me on it and placed it on the far side of the patio. Eva, a maid, helped me take the top off of my lingerie, as I had partially soaked it during my climax. I was totally naked, except for my stockings and heels when Chantal turned the vibration up from zero to six. I suddenly had to lie back down on my back with my knees up. Eva wasn't sure what was happening to me as I started moaning and screaming again. The ladies applauded and egged on Chantal to crank it all the way up again. She shrugged an okay to the crowd and I certainly looked like a possessed woman, now screaming my lungs out and my body flailing all over the mattress. Eva decided to rub my clit for me and soon enough, I became a human fountain again for everyone. As Chantal turned the egg down to a lower setting, I could only moan softly and remain still, waiting for my electronic master to take me again. Eva lay with me for a few minutes, gently stroking and kissing me.
Chantal went on to the next demonstration, which was for a penis enhancement toy. She put on a strap on with on a 5' dildo and asked Teresa to help her demonstrate. Teresa and Chantal were both naked now and lay on the other air mattress near the pool. Just for fun, Chantal decided the crowd may enjoy a little foreplay, so she started making out with Teresa, with all kinds of licking, groping and grinding of their bodies. Then she made her final approach and put the strap on inside Teresa's wet pussy.
Teresa enjoyed it for the next several minutes, when Chantal noticed, "She is definitely in to me, but it may take quite a while to drive her crazy with my current artificial penis." I will now show you a cock accessory you may want to get for your husband. She pulled out of Teresa and attached the device to the end of the dildo. This made the dildo increase 3-4 inches in length with a wicked upturn on the end.
She announced, "This is specially designed to hit most of our erogenous zones and increase our pleasure almost 10 times. Watch her reaction now."
Chantal started kissing Teresa again, inserting her enhanced penis into her wanting lips. Teresa immediately stirred as she started humping hard against Chantal. She was moaning steadily as she wrapped her legs around Chantal's waist and begged her to fuck her more. Chantal obliged, much to the crowd's content. Teresa could barely keep her body on the mattress as she tried to suck the new improved cock deep into her loins. Her breathing and moaning were getting much heavier as she pleaded, "Oh Chantal, please, please fuck me some more. Oh baby, I can't get enough of you, give me some more of that cock, please. Oh yes, yes, YES. Oh fuck yes. Fuck me hard baby. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yes please baby take me now. Fuck yes. Fuck me baby. OH YYEESSS!"
Chantal moved back a little so the crowd could see Teresa squirt more and more cum onto her. The ladies were so excited when Chantal noted, "You see it doesn't matter if your man's package is less than spectacular or worn out. This little aid will make your pussy beg for more and more pleasure every time and deliver some incredible orgasms for you both of you to enjoy. Its special design gives your g spot and other hot zones a semi twisting effect. The tip is upturned a little to reach all of our senses near and around our clitoris to increase pleasure to our female nerve centers, resulting in more frequent and powerful orgasms.
Chantal climbed aboard Teresa for a nice little grind into her receptive pussy. She took a victory lap that Teresa enjoyed and just held on as a second smaller climax overtook her moments later. The crowd was impressed and very appreciative.
Chantal was ready for the next demonstration as she waived over Marissa and Valentina, two of our hired maids with benefits and both very young, sexy Latina women. This time it was a really naughty toy to play with. Chantal had them remove all of their clothing with Valentina lying on her back. Chantal then gave Marissa this unique looking double sided dildo. She instructed Marissa to put the first couple inches of the toy into Valentina. Next she was supposed to put as much of the other half into her pussy. The two young ladies tried to make something good happen by thrusting back and forth, but it was uncomfortable using this device. Chantal pulled out a remote, pushed a button causing the double ended dildo to start moving and shaking. She told Marissa just to climb on top of Valentina and let the toy do the rest. Soon they were getting hot and bothered due to the vibration and movement between their legs. After a few moments the women were on fire for each other as the big pink toy seemed to be working its magic on both women. Their tongues explored each other's mouth furiously. They were licking, sucking and biting each other leaving some serious marks behind.
Valentina was yelling out, "Oh fuck me some more please, yes, yes, yes."
Marissa responding with, "Oh baby, baby, baby, make me cum now please."
They kept getting hotter and hotter for each other as their orgasms moved in quickly. Both women were screaming like crazy as they started to cum all over the toy. The ladies all clapped or cheered at this performance, some wishing they could have played a part in the demonstration. They needed refills on their drinks as well as a few moments to come down from the intense reactions that had just witnessed from four different women.
Chantal announced to the crowd, "We will have one more public demonstration. We will then separate all of you into your small groups where you can learn how to use these toys and more. Before we start again, on the back of the number representing your instructor, is a list of tonight's toys we have either shown to you or you will be able to sample in your groups. We have some you can buy and take home tonight and others you may order before you leave."
After a quick break Chantal welcomed everyone back for the last demonstration. One of her friends yelled out, "So far you have handed out all the pleasure. When do we get to see you losing control?" Many in the crowd agreed and laughed a little.
Chantal quickly replied, "Okay, why don't you come up and show us how this next item works on me."
The crowd let off a small roar. She replied, "Oh girl, you are in for some trouble now."
Chantal showed her the next item and whispered some instructions to her before removing her all of her friend's lingerie. She introduced the woman as, "Jackie".
Chantal continued with, "Jackie has a very unique double penetration strap on that she will now fuck my ass and pussy with at the same time. First I will need some lube."
Jackie started to lube her sphincter while she licked Chantal's clit and inner walls, prepping her openings while also starting the fire. She put on the dildo as Chantal explained, "You see, this special strap on has two penises, one for each door. The difference you will see and I will feel, is that one will start out at 9 inches long in my pussy, while the other will be a more comfortable 6 inches in my ass. As Jackie continues to work it into me the sizes start to vary in length and thickness. Just when I get used to 6 inches in my back door, it may grow or shrink an inch or two. The same thing will happen in my front door where it can grow to 10 inches or shrink to 7 inches. The movement and variable sizes will give me the feeling like I am being fucked by multiple cocks, even though the rest of my body will be enjoying the soft kisses and caresses from my good friend Jackie. It will be like a threesome or foursome with just her and I. Why don't you go ahead and show these ladies how it works, Jackie."
Jackie then forced Chantal onto her stomach as she put the larger dildo in her pussy from behind. She then slowly eased the smaller dildo into Chantal's lovely ass.
Being filled in both holes, Chantal moaned, "Ok baby I am ready for you. Take my ass and my pussy. I want to cum hard for you, baby."
Jackie started slowly with Chantal getting a nice rhythm going. Chantal was a little uncomfortable for a while then she started to moan in a good way, opening up to the sensations of being fucked by two cocks. She winced as the ass dildo grew to full size as Jackie did not slow down her thrusts. The shape, thickness and length on both kept changing as Chantal's openings continued to be confused. In moments it was now her turn to start screaming out in pleasure as Jackie picked up the pace of her thrusts.
Chantal started moaning louder and screams were flying out of her telling Jackie, "Oh fuck, oh my god, you fucking bitch, take me. Take me over and over. Oh, oh, oh, oh, Yes, yes, yes. Oh fuck me harder bitch! Take my pussy now baby. Ohhhh you fuck my ass soooo good. Oh fuck yes, yes, yes, you fucking bitch, take me now. Ohhh FUCK!"
Chantal finished with a scream that echoed throughout the neighborhood. Our wonderful instructor finally got to receive her share of the pleasure.
After a few minutes, Chantal finally bid farewell to the device and addressed everyone saying, "Have you ever seen so many ladies have such a pleasurable experiences and this many intense orgasms before? I doubt it. It is time for you ladies to experiment with many of the orgasmic aids we have provided for you tonight. When you break into your groups, you can just pleasure each other, try out a device on one another or use any of them on yourself. We have some unique vibrators and dildos for you to play with now. If you leave here without having at least one orgasm, we will have you stay until one of us has brought you to an orgasm. We did guarantee your satisfaction. There are 4 bedrooms and a bonus room upstairs all ready for some action. You can also use the kitchen, dining room, living room, great room or office on the main floor. In the walkout basement we have a special bedroom set up for anyone who wants to experiment with bondage. You can also use the recreation room down there as well as the patio for all of you other exhibitionists like me. Everyone go have fun for the next couple of hours or so."
Chantal's Chained Heat
It seemed only logical that Chantal's group seemed to be the most experienced sexual beings. They voted to go straight to the bedroom downstairs to try their toys and have a little bondage fun too. When they arrived in the room, there was a stunningly beautiful Asian woman named Ling who was chained to the bed. She was naked with her hands chained to the bed and some kind of vibration egg in her pussy. This made her moan a lot and squirm around on the bed for the pleasure of our guests.
Chantal explained, "Okay, so we can try some toys on each other, our little pet here or just experience one big orgy together. Do you ladies have any preferences?"
They all smiled and intimated, "They all sound good can we get started?"
Chantal had to ask, "Have all of you made love to a woman before? If you have, get naked now."
They all nodded and got naked. A woman named Gina asked if she could go first.
Chantal replied, "What do you want to start with?
Gina said, "I'd like to strap on the double penetration dildo you just came on. Would you give it to me? I want to experience making love for the first time to an Asian woman who will scream out my name while she comes for me."
Chantal shouted over to Ling, "I bet you would love that, wouldn't you my pet?"
Ling said, "Oh yes Mistress, please have your student fuck me with her new toy."
Chantal handed over the device to Gina, still wet with Chantal's musky juices on it. Gina wasted no time climbing on the bed and on top of Ling, waiting to conquer some Asian pussy and ass. She had Ling lie face down on the bed as she started thrusting the larger side into Ling's ass. She left the small egg in Ling's pussy telling Chantal to turn up the vibrations, as she put the smaller sized dildo in the Asian woman's front door. Ling was trying to crawl out of her skin as the amount of pain and pleasure had her screaming for mercy. Gina realized she could up the pain and pleasure by thrusting harder in Ling, pinching her nipples hard and nibbling on her ears and neck. Several minutes of this and Ling was orbiting the room, screaming Gina's name over and over again and begging to be Gina's pet too.
Gina commanded her, "Only if you come for all of us right now, multiple times and tell me how fucking good I am at making you cum."
Ling agreed and did her best to leave no doubt that this was the best orgasm(s) of her life and she wanted Gina to keep fucking her non-stop all night and day. The sounds coming from this room could easily be heard throughout the house.
Next in the group was Maria. She wanted to try the double ended dildo with Chantal, but after seeing how hot it was watching a chained up Ling, she changed her mind to put one side in her own pussy and the other in Ling's ass. She wasn't about to remove the vibrating egg still in Ling's pussy. Apparently, these women were hoping they could make her head explode at some point. Maria climbed on top of Ling, who was still lying face down. She plunged the pink toy in her ass, then the other side into her own pussy. Chantal hit the switch on the remote and Ling was being beautifully tortured yet again. Nearly 20 minutes and 5 total orgasms from the two performing ladies later, Chantal asked who wanted to ride next, as if she was collecting tickets or something.
Carolyn, the blonde, former NFL cheerleader came forward with a wild idea for Chantal. She wanted to try the double ended pink dildo in her pussy and Ling's ass while Chantal put on the cock extension strap on and fucked Carolyn's ass. Carolyn hadn't enjoyed a lot of sex in a while, but she came out with a spectacularly pleasurable show. She was in a constant state of ecstasy being double penetrated from these two sexy ladies. She kept screaming as wave after wave of orgasms sent her head spinning. The dildo in her pussy kept vibrating as the other end was stuffed into Ling who still was being tormented by the vibrating egg in her pussy.
The final request came from a woman named Lynn. She crawled onto the bed and rushed over to start licking Ling's pussy and then she tongue fucked her abused ass. After several minutes, she turned over and laid her head on Ling's ass, using it like a pillow. She waved Chantal over to start kissing her. The two were bringing up the heat as they started exploring each other's bodies. After this erotic foreplay, Lynn asked Chantal to rotate so she could lick her pussy and ass. Chantal eagerly obeyed and then lowered her mouth to taste Lynn's wetness. They both hungrily feasted on each others' pussies for nearly a half an hour when Lynn told Carolyn to strap on the extended dildo and fuck her now.
Carolyn hadn't climaxed in nearly an hour and was eager to join the pile of flesh. The three women kept at it until all of them came at least once. Ling may have cum too, but it was hard to tell since she was moaning most of the night anyway. The smell of sex was overwhelming the room. Chantal asked everyone if they were satisfied and had any questions about any of the merchandise they saw.
Two of the ladies asked if Ling was available for play. Chantal answered, "Maybe another time. She hasn't gotten to eat her Mistress all night, so I am going to take her home now. You ladies can continue playing in here if you would like. If any of you want to be chained up and become prey for any of the other groups who may wander down here later, feel free to stay all night. Thank you all for coming, may I collect any of your orders for toys and lingerie now? Have fun if you can stay and we will see you all for Halloween. Ling will be back to become everyone's sex toy, so we will see you then." Carolyn had two of the women strap her wrists and ankle to the bed as they started to fondle and tease her body, while sucking on her large breasts.
Teresa's Tell Alls
Teresa's group decided they wanted to stay out in the patio obviously having enjoyed everything out there so far. Teresa, being the smallest in the group tried to offset her size by being the aggressor in the group. She approached the first lady named Alisha, with the opportunity to try out one of the toys. She and Alisha had never met, but Alisha had been having an affair with Teresa's husband for the past four years. Somehow Teresa found a way to secretly get her invited to the party so she could exact some revenge. She asked Alisha, "Would you like to try the wonderful egg toy or would you like me to use one of these delicious toys in your pussy?"
Alisha, unsure of why she was coming on so strong suggested, "I could maybe try that dildo with the extension toy, but who would be using it on me?"
Teresa quickly answered, "How about if I start, so you know how it is supposed to feel? We can have any of these lovely ladies continue the pleasure if you so desire."
Alisha said okay and began to remove all of her clothes. Teresa laid her down face down on the air mattress. Teresa then changed her toy over to the front and back dildo and put some lube on both heads. She made sure Alisha was ready, then she plunged hard into her making her gasp, "OH no, no, no, I can't take it, please don't."
Teresa said, "You have been fucking my husband for the past 4 years, now it's my turn to have you, bitch."
She replied, "He said his wife's name was Diane, not Teresa. I am so sorry."
Teresa asked the group, "Should I fuck her into submission for trying to steal my man?" My middle name is Diane and I won't stop until you beg me to steal you away from that cheating bastard husband of mine."
Teresa was pounding the woman over and over, causing Alisha to keep screaming, "Oh fuck, this is so much better than the pathetic jerk ever was. Please keep fucking me, fuck my pussy, it's yours now. Take my ass over and over. Teresa, I am so sorry, please take me take me now. Make me your slut. Make me cum all over you baby. Oh fuck yes. Baby I want you to take me. Make me yours baby. Fuck me, oh yes fuck me. Oh, oh, oh, oh fuck yes, Teresa I am all yours, FUCK ME! Alisha was halfway unconscious when her climaxed ended.
Teresa asked her, "Will you do what I tell you to do?"
Alisha said, "Oh yes, make me cum like that and I am all yours."
Teresa asked, "Lindsey, will you come over here?"
Lindsey came over and lay down in front of Alisha's mouth, pulling it onto her pussy.
Teresa instructed Alisha, "You will lick every pussy to a climax, then each woman here will fuck you with either strap on, got it bitch. You will also call all of us Mistress every time you are with any one of us. We now own you bitch, got that?"
Alisha sobbed, "Okay, I am so sorry I hurt you. Please make me pleasure all of you whenever you want, okay Mistresses?"
The other ladies were in total shock as she methodically started licking Lindsey to a wonderful climax. Lindsey grabbed the wonder egg and the extended dildo and took over for Teresa as Naomi grabbed the back of Alisha's head and started to rub her pussy into Alisha's mouth furiously. Lindsey placed the egg in Alisha's soaked pussy and shoved her wonder cock into her ass. The vibrator was turned on high as Alisha was now being turned into the group's personal fuck toy. Alisha's remorse was now being converted to pure lust as she was fucked into several climaxes and into complete submission to the ladies in her group.
Naomi took her turn with Alisha by using the double ended dildo. She placed the vibrating egg into Alisha's ass, while she plowed the pink cum toy into both of their pussies. The last lady was Lisa, an experience swinger who lowered her body down to where Alisha's face was nuzzled against Lisa's ass.
Lisa commanded her, "Ok slut, start licking my ass until I cum."
Lisa pulled Alisha by her hair until her nose and mouth were against her rectum. Alisha dutifully licked Lisa for the next twenty minutes with a few small interruptions as she succumbed to the two side dildo plunged into her by Naomi. The egg was absolutely devastating her ass when she reached her third orgasm with Naomi. The ladies continued to try many of the toys on Alisha.
After nearly two hours, Teresa pulled Alisha by the hair and shoved her pussy onto her lips saying, "You are now my little cum slut. You will not let my husband touch you again. In fact, I will set the stage to where he helplessly watches as I seduce you into becoming my personal fuck toy. Now taste my pussy juices over and over again. You will ask to lick me every time I see you."
Alisha agreed and told her she would be her pet. She mastered pleasuring her pussy by eating it nearly every day of the week after the sex toy party. The women ordered many items after seeing how powerful and pleasurable they were in person. Teresa laid out the plan saying, "Naomi will bring you to the Halloween party as her pet on a leash. That is where we will surprise the bastard with a display of our little love tryst."
Gwen Loses Control Again
I finally did get a fourth lady to join my group as they all voted to go upstairs to play in my bedroom. I addressed the ladies with, "Well, I hope you all enjoyed the little demonstrations we did out in the patio. I know I especially enjoyed one in particular. Would any of you like to get us started?"
Tanya jumped up taking the double sided dildo as she pushed me down hard on the bed. She told everyone, "Okay, now it will be my turn to make you scream out my name," as she quickly removed her own clothes."
She had another woman scoot me up the bed further. They bound my wrists and ankles to the restraints attached to the bed. Tanya started her assault on my defenseless body by lightly stroking my nipples as she was kissing me aggressively from the waist up. When she reached the top, she moved high enough to force one of her nipples into my mouth. Tanya purred when I turned some to start sucking the other nipple. Tanya moved down and started licking all over my face, sticking her tongue deep in my mouth, emitting soft moans from my mouth.
I asked her, "When did you want start trying out the device?"
Tanya purred, "Oh, I have already tried it out here. Your husband and I had our way with a beautiful slut tied to your bed in the basement during the pool party. I think we should see if you like this toy better than she did." Tanya started to stuff my pussy full of the pink toy when she grabbed the wonder egg and forced it up my ass. Tanya started to stuff the other end into her own wet snatch. She asked a woman in the crowd to crank both the dildo and egg up all the way.
I pleaded, "No, I can't take it, please don't listen to her, please turn it down."
With the egg violating my ass and the double ended dildo filling my pussy, I could only prepare for my third monster orgasm of the night. All of the ladies were waiting to see if I could be more overwhelmed than I was on the patio. My moaning and incoherent pleads drew the ladies' attention closer. Tanya kept pounding me like there was no tomorrow, determined to see if there would be smoke coming from out from me.
Cathy came up behind Tanya with the extension dildo and shoved it into Tanya's ass. Tanya was now on fire as her pussy felt a bit of vibration, lots of movement and now this incredible wonder cock was having its way with her ass. Both Tanya and I were slaves to the pleasure we were receiving. Our kisses grew more intense by the moment as we both started getting real close to our unbelievable orgasms.
I was screaming, "Oh my god, it's ssoooo fucking good. Tanya, take me baby please. I want to cum all over you. Fuck me baby, fuck me. Don't ever stop."
Tanya added, "Oh Gwen, first your husband and now you. I can't get enough of you guys. Fuck me in your bed, make me cum for you. Cum baby, now."
Both of us were rocked heavily with our own violent orgasms and several aftershocks. Cathy slowed her pace of fucking Tanya's ass down to almost nothing. Cathy then pushed Tanya out of the way and started to fuck me. I begged her to stop until 3 minutes later when I couldn't help but grind into Cathy, wanting more cock from her. Cathy had forgotten the vibrating egg was still on high ravishing my ass.
The other two ladies, Francine and Melinda were so turned on by my orgasms, they stripped off their clothes and started to finger and make out with each other while waiting for another explosion from me. They were trying out some of the other dildos on each other too. This time I gave them a fountain of cum as Cathy continued to have her way with me. Francine was so excited she jumped up and climbed over my face, rubbing her pussy into my mouth. I lost all control and lavished the new pussy on my face. That is when Melinda strapped on the front/back dildo, pushing Cathy out of the way and shoving it as far up my openings as it could go. My ass now had a wonder egg and up to six inches of dildo and my pussy was being filled with 10 inches of thick plastic cock.
I could barley breathe as one orgasm after another rocked my body. Both Francine and Melinda started to climax when my second one from them came. The room was filled with three women screaming passionately for more and more pleasure. The bed was soaked with cum. All four ladies wanted to taste me, so the next half hour they sought out my pussy juice everywhere. We all finished in a five girl chain of pussy licking with Cathy being the last one to climax. It was well past midnight.
After a cooling down period, I asked, "Anyone have any questions?"
Melinda responded, "We'll take all the toys, do you have enough for all of us to take one of each home tonight?"
I responded by giving her a big wet kiss. I couldn't get enough of my new lovers. They got dressed and prepared to leave, thanking me for a wonderful evening. We must have had the most fun because when I went around the house, everyone was gone. I thought about what Tanya had said about the basement bedroom, so I decided to go and see if any changes may have been made that I didn't know about.
Much to my surprise, there was something different. Carolyn was there, naked and strapped down to the bed and being tortured by a wonder egg in her pussy on a high setting. I saw this ravishing woman with the kind of big curves to die for, (like an Anna Nicole Smith type). She was bound and blindfolded nearing an orgasm that I just had to watch while I touched my naked body all over. She gasped for air as her orgasm took control of her. I was getting so wet fingering myself watching her cum before me. I went over immediately after her climax to tell her I would free her from her bonds. I took my time as I had to take at least one of her large luscious breasts into my mouth.
I asked her, "How did you end up alone like this?"
She responded, "I wanted to see what it was like to have another woman take me like this. They put me in this position after Chantal left and went upstairs over an hour ago. I didn't even get to experience any pleasure making love with any of them."
I felt sorry for her and started kissing her passionately on the mouth while I fondled her incredible breasts. She took her now freed hands and went right for my soaking wet clit. She said, "Someone is all excited to see me."
I moaned a positive response into her mouth as I grinded my pussy onto her hand, not releasing her tongue from my mouth. I had wanted to take her sexy body since we kissed and played with each other on the patio. I had to have one more climax tonight with this sexy woman. She removed the egg from her cunt and shoved it into mine. She rolled me over and started reaching her tongue deeper into my mouth as she added a third finger to my clit. I released her tongue for a loud, long moan only to be muffled by a DD sized breast placed over my mouth. I started to suck her as hard as I could. All of a sudden Carolyn held me down and strapped me in. Carolyn whispered, "Now I will finally get to feel what it is like with you bound and in my control. First you will suck my double D's while I shove a dildo into your loving snatch. I will then fuck all your openings with the extended cock toy while the egg has its way with you again. I won't stop until you either pass out or offer to become my personal sex toy."
I had been having all kinds of wild sex for several weeks, but now I was being drown in big cleavage and massive tits. I eagerly took Carolyn's impressive mammary into my mouth and then the other one. They were huge, half the size of my head. All I could do was to suck harder before being buried in this woman's wonderful flesh. Carolyn kept thrusting her dildo deeper into my pussy. I tried to yell out for Carolyn to fuck me harder but was muffled by more flesh. She fucked me over and over again, making me squirt and moan out several pleas to have her way with me whenever she wanted. A couple intense orgasms later she overwhelmed me to the point that I passed out during an orgasm. Carolyn finished getting herself off then decided to leave me alone tied to the bed in the basement.
Carolyn then went upstairs to get cleaned up. She decided to try our large walk in shower since no one else was home. A moment later, Tom came home and went upstairs. He saw Carolyn and decided to sneak up on her in the shower. He knew she was not me, but he decided to come up from behind and start playing with her lavish breasts. Carolyn leaned back into him letting him know she was there for his pleasure all night if he wanted to be with her.
Tom spent forever fondling, sucking and soaping up her breasts as he used his free hand to finger her clit. Carolyn told him, "Gwen selfishly went home with a lesbian couple, but she wanted me to take care of you when you got home. Gwen couldn't get enough of me fucking her and sucking on my breasts, so she thought maybe you would like me to satisfy you."
Tom told her to sit on the ledge. He brought his hard cock up to her mouth as she licked him thoroughly. He then lowered himself enough to start rubbing his dick between her massive breasts. Tom could not get enough. He wanted his cock there all night if he could. Her cleavage was heaven to him and as much as he wanted to he could not last much longer as he started coming in her cleavage and over her tits. Carolyn did not want to waste any more of his semen so she started sucking Tom dry. She was able to take him all the way as she tried to keep him aroused by playing with his balls and anus. She grabbed Tom by his penis and led him to our bed saying, "Oh Tom, please take me baby and make me yours. I need to feel more of your delicious hot cum inside me now."
Tom roughly pushed her face down on our bed. He eagerly took her from behind, starting with her drenched pussy.
Carolyn added, "Oh Tom, please play some more with my breasts. Hold them tight while you fuck my pussy. I can't believe Gwen wanted you to fuck me all night. Tom please, I want more of your hard cock. Be rough with me baby. Show me how a man likes to please a naughty slut like me."
He then tied her wrists up and decided he was going to fuck her sphincter really rough as grabbed hold of the biggest breasts he'd ever gotten to play with. Tom couldn't get enough of this sexy, big breasted honey. Had he known she was a former NFL cheerleader, he probably wouldn't have let me back in the house again. He was so in lust with Carolyn. Tom knew nothing about this woman as he accidentally screamed out, "Oh Baby, I love you so much," as he creamed into her ass, holding onto to her wonderful tits for life. He untied her as they both played with each other. Tom couldn't help but suck on her large bosoms several minutes at a time.
Carolyn purred, "Oh Tom, you suck them so much better, so much stronger than Gwen did earlier. Yes, that's right she tied me up and fucked me earlier tonight before she told me come up here to satisfy you all night. I think you are meant to be with me babe. Why don't you try and fuck me from the front so you can watch me bounce up and down for you, baby," as she playfully took one of her nipples into her mouth to suck on. After seeing Tom's reaction, she took the other into her mouth and licked it like it was Tom's cock. She reached out for his manhood and pulled him into her drenched pussy.
She offered, "Tom, please make me cum a river on your beautiful cock. Gwen can go play with the girls all she wants. I need a real hard man like you fill me up. Take me and shake my body all over this bed. I know you want to be sucking on my tit's when you cum inside me again. Please baby, make me yours. Fuck me baby. Make me your woman. Tell me how much you love me and love fucking me better than anyone."
Tom wasn't as worn out as he thought, plunging deep into this curvaceous slut, forgetting about all the wonderful pussy he had recently enjoyed. Carolyn's special features were all he could want now as he pounded her cunt and took as much breast into his mouth was humanly possible. Her fleshy tits made Tom lose all control. Tom rarely screams, but this time he did for over a minute, as he unloaded another impressive round of cum into her, sucking her breast like a possessed man.
Carolyn toyed with him, "Oh baby, tell me again how much you want me. How much you love me and have to have me. I love your big cock and every wonderful inch of your body. I want only you to pleasure me from now on baby. I want to share this wonderful bed with you again and again. Be my man and you will be welcome to do everything you ever wanted to do to a woman. Would you like to love this body every night, Tom?"
Tom, still not drained enough to pull out of her answered, "Carolyn, I can't remember a more intense lovemaking than right now with you. Of course I want you. I love fucking you and sucking on those wonderful breasts of yours."
Carolyn replied, "Tom you are a very special man. I want you to put your head on my chest, take a nipple in your mouth and suck until sleep overcomes you. You are my very special lover now. I only want to please you and cum for you, baby."
Tom greedily found a nipple and sucked for several minutes until they both dozed off.
I woke the next morning bound and tormented by the egg again. This time I was able to free myself before the third orgasm overtook me. I had mistakenly thought that the reason a breast was desirable because it had a wonderful shape or perfect look. Thinking about sucking on Carolyn last night made me understand how many men think the bigger the breast, the more exciting. Had I now developed a lust for women with big breasts. Had I become just like a man?
I went up to our room to get cleaned up and dressed when I saw Tom lying on the bed alone, sheets filled with cum. I later apologized that I was sorry I didn't get back in time to change the sheets for him when he got home. Tom didn't bother to ask how the night went since he knew many women had cum all over our bed. He got to live out another fantasy with a beautiful big breasted woman, and wanted to fuck her again as soon as possible even if he had to share her with me. All Tom could think about was how much fun he could have with a pair of large breasts like Carolyn's. All I could think about was how to explain what Tom will see when he reviews the video with Carolyn and I or the many other Earth shattering climaxes I had with the other women. What would Tom think about me not coming to bed?