Margo Needy found peace sitting poolside, drinking her morning coffee to the solace of serenading birds. The sunshine warmed her soul with a bright outlook on her day. Zero cloud cover, zero depression. Would it last? Hard to say. The wilderness of the Poconos Mountains surrounding her property offered a plethora of life. Rabbits, and squirrels playing in the area ran by to say hello. She felt like a Disney Princess, too bad her singing voice would make them run for the hills. No Julie Andrews more Julia Childs cooking with too much gas on. Definitely no songbird.
So much had happened the last few days that in her quiet moment it allowed her to process it all. With her four nineteen-year-old roommates either off to work or sleeping in, she finally had time to herself. Much needed, yet she truly didn't mind their attentions. Loneliness was not her idea of fun. While she loved the sex, some of them were abusing her desires without permission. Using her body for the lust of family and friends. Namely one Brian Lloyd Hancock, furthered by one Heath Timothy Talbot.
Brian had snuck his brother Jeff in a week ago. Thinking it Brian himself walking right into her bedroom and seducing her in total darkness she let her hunger of him ignore the facts that it was another. Similar cologne, yet a dick not quite as dynamic. She found it so erotic that she allowed herself to be fooled. Jeff Hancock was a talented lover. One she would gladly fuck again in the future. That now meant she had five lovers on call. Rather she was on call as they wanted her. Margo was more than happy to oblige.
Then, not long after that Brian tricked her again. She felt gullible. With romantic music and a trail of candlelight she followed the lure of sensuality into her basement where Brian sat alone. A passionate first half led her to close her eyes a little too long. In her thrill, Brian the sneaky, had hidden seven of his past school rivals in her home to make love to her. Once it began, she found it too her liking. Her namesake consumed her. Needy she was!
Margo Needy was gangbanged in front of a crackling fireplace. As Brian intervened the passion left, and Margo began her own seduction. That led to some very dominant men tearing her up. She started it and she would greedily do it again and again. Margo Needy did not want her boys to be disappointed in her in the least. The more she did the more the boys grew in their powerful lust over her. More, more, more. Shivering in her seat Margo was already wet.
What did shock her was the fact, Brian after herding his friends out of her home pinned her down by sitting on her cum covered body and showing her a stack of hundred-dollar bills. Without her knowledge he had pimped her out to them for $200 dollars each. In the end she had $1,400 to use for her needs. Namely, firing up the central air and affording the bill. While a sad gesture it did offer relief to them all against the heat. Grateful for the thought she still felt used. So why was she smiling as never before? Her lust exceeding the term of endearment and extended toward nymphomania helped. Yet, her boys were more than enough. Weren't they? Master's they were.
Touching her neck and chest found spots of tenderness, in their bestial hunger many of the boys left hickies all over her. She had not worn love bruises in ages. Darryl didn't want her to look too sightly for others. She had to be erotic at all times. Now that Darryl was deceased, she allowed it to happen. She did not want to stop any of them and witness even a single solitary frown. Someday it may come to that but no time soon. She was all theirs. Life was good.
Heath exploring his aggressive ofttimes over egotistical side had begun grooming her to be the slave to not just he, but to the other boys. Not completely wanting to give in she let them believe she had on the condition that when she needed to be herself, they had to back off. That did not go over well with Heath. Still, he did agree. A nice comfy dog cage became her room. As long as her food dish was filled with wine, she was content. Darryl would have enjoyed her new life and deep down she knew he was there with her patting her head like he would a puppy. Good whore!
Wearing black yoga pants and a light grey halter top she had dressed in preparation of her daily cardio workout. Her plans were to head downstairs to a personal gym and work on weights to keep her body tightly toned. She refused to ever become anything less than a Goddess. Yet, here she sat lazy, nursing her favorite coffee mug, one that believe it or not her son Elliot had made for her in 8th. grade. She cherished it even if it was slightly lopsided. He gave it to her on Mother's Day that year. Etched into the side was a heart with the wiggly letters saying, "I Love You Mom." It meant that Elliot in his adoption had finally accepted her.
Elliot was on her mind a lot these days. Each of his friends had revealed things about her son that troubled her. Disbelief was beginning to give way to the truth. Evidently, her son was spying on her over a length of time while Darryl was on the road. She in her ever-raging hormones masturbated two to three times a day, sometimes for hours on end. Elliot found her often without her knowing and watched her, going so far as to video her with his cell or who knows what. His friends had never been privy to seeing her, that meant Elliot was either making it up or protecting her, either way troubling. If he was doing that it meant he thought of her as more than his mother. Though legally adopted in name only, she was not his true flesh and blood. The boys had pointed that out. Part of her wanted to cry, another to laugh at the irony.
"Oh, Elliot!" She sighs with her mug to her lips, "What am I going to do about you? Is this all my fault? Your father's? Darryl rarely had time for you as you got older. If he wasn't coaching basketball, he was off with me showing me off and making me his trophy toy for the whole world to lust over. Did we fail you that badly as parents? You turned out brilliant, so we must have done something right."
Finishing off her coffee she prepared to make the journey inside for a fresh cup. Before she can even stand, she hears the French doors behind her shush open. Out stepped the handsome Cabot Ross wielding her coffee pot. Great minds and behinds think alike.
"Refill Milady?"
"A shirtless waiter, I'm so very lucky. Thank you, Kind Sir." He pours as her eyes check out his abs.
"Anytime. I aim to please."
"Leave the pot and join me? I could use someone to talk to."
"Sure. I'm off today so, I'm all ears."
"Among other scrumptious body parts." She giggles as he takes a seat across from her. The minor distance made her pout. Regardless she opted to add, "Yay! I have Brad all to myself." He resembled a young Brad Pitt. "You forgot something Mister Ross."
"I did? Ohhhh! My bad." He stands up and moves around the table facing her. Leaning forward he palms both sides of her face and kisses her passionately. Thankfully, Margo was the cleanest woman alive, her breath the taste of coffee and toothpaste. After sucking so many dicks of late you would think that might distract the passion. Not these boys. Nothing prevented them from stealing her soul. For a full minute their tongues shared intimacy, both sighing upon a slow departure.
"Much better." She softly whispers, "I cannot live without those lips Cabot."
"Ditto. I love making out with you. So! What's on your mind?" He decides to sit closer which made her giddy.
"Making love to you later. If you like." She giggles.
"Not what I meant, but I'm game." She places her left foot in his lap touching her toes to his timid erection. Blue jeans hid it better than his usual sweatpants. He gripped her foot and massaged it.
"Mmmm! I was hoping you would do that. Anyway, I need advice and you are the only levelheaded one of my sweet new lovers."
"Thanks for the vote of confidence. I might take you up on that Homance later."
"Homance? Ohhh! Because you think of me as a whore? I suppose I am. No, I know I am."
"If the dick fits, fuck it hard." He chuckles, "You know we worship those holes Hocahontas."
"You better. Never stop that worshipping. They're yours now and as long as you desire to use them."
"Gonna be a looooong while MILF."
"Promise?"
"Guaranteed. I have to say you surprised the hell out of all of us when you took on seven guys. Brian's getting a little too ballsy."
"Do you think bad of me for enjoying myself?"
"Nope! I just don't want to see you hurt. Eric says you're willing to do another bonfire dance now. He has you prepping for another party Miss Harem girl. By the way, I liked those fliers you made up by sitting on a copy machine. Just don't do too much and resent us for it later."
"I'll let you all know when too much is TOO MUCH."
"On top of that we have the pics you're taking for Elliot to sell. Why are you going so far to look used?"
"Yes, I know it looks that way. Elliot needs money and honestly, I have none to spare until that party income. Truthfully, not even then, I need to save for taxes. I love my son and I would do anything for him. He has a friend over there that is quite wealthy that is interested in me for some reason. When in Rome they say, or in this case Paris. I want to do whatever I can for you boys to make living here comfortable. Air conditioning was a start."
"Big help." He chuckled, "Eric said to invite everyone we did the first time and let them have a plus one. That's looking at almost 50 guys. Big money but are you that crazy?"
"I guess I'll find out." She wiggles her eyebrows at him playfully. "Please make certain they're all disease free, you know I refuse condoms. I want to be safe not just for myself but for all of you."
"I was thinking about that game of Russian Roulette Margo. Do you really want to take those kinds of risks?"
"Yes."
"Maybe we should enforce no cumming inside you."
"DON'T YOU DARE." She raises her voice, "I need to feel their love full force."
"Alright!" He shook his head thinking her gonzo.
"This makes you not want me now?"
"NO FUCKING WAY. MY SLUT!"
"Perfect. I want to be your ultimate fantasy."
"Enough about this, what did you want to talk about?"
"Back to Elliot. Please be honest with me. Does he really have a crush on me?"
"No lie Margo. All we really know is he used to watch and record you masturbating. He would never produce video, but he bragged a lot. He just told us to stay away from you. Territorial, I guess."
"See that confuses me. Why would he suggest that you boys move in with me if he's so overprotective?"
'Good question. I'm not knocking his change in tune."
"Nor am I. You boys are spoiling me with attention."
"Not gonna stop. Best pussy in the state."
"Awwww! That's sweet. It is true." She smiles, "I truly do feel loved by all of you. Even if certain roommates do thrive on selling me off."
"Bri needs to grow up. Eric too if get down to it. You allowing it is just going to keep them doing it."
"I know. I don't want it to stop. Not once did I get mad at Brian over it. It was beautiful at first, I was the one that pushed them into a frenzy. It was some of the best sex I've ever had being held down and forced."
"That bonfire's only going to triple that effect."
"GOD, I HOPE SO."
"Whore Goddess."
"That's me."
"So, you liked eight dicks tearing you up?"
"It was... Yes." She blushes hiding her eyes giggling, "More than I care to admit. I have war wounds to pay for it." Margo shows him her hickies on her neckline then lifts her shirt to share those around her massive tits.
"Nice! Those won't deter me. I'm still sucking on those beefy nips."
"Mmmm! I'm glad. I love your lips around my nipples."
'We just keep coming back to sex, don't we?"
"My favorite topic."
"Just face it MILF, you're stuck with us."
"I'll eventually get old and lose my figure. You boys will one day find me unappealing."
"OH, COME ON!" He laughs, "The way you stay fit. Plastic surgery will keep you going."
"If I can afford that. My breasts were one thing but, I'm honestly fearful of surgery to my face. Let's not talk about that anymore." She frowns.
"Years away Margo. You're in your early 30's. Me? Hell, I'd fuck you well into your 60's." He winks.
"Over 30 years of that amazing cock? I'm the luckiest whore alive. Of course, my pussy might get really huge if I keep getting gangbanged."
"I'll fist you if it means you feel something." He chuckles.
"Oh my! I've never been fisted before. I'm still rather tight even after all of you monsters. I've never seen so many big cocks in my life. I think Wildwood and the state must be putting steroids in the water."
"Now you make me want to try fisting you." He winks forcing her to cover her eyes briefly before revealing a sparkle in her gaze.
"I would never deny you that, but I do hope we can wait on it a while longer until I can relax my nerves toward the idea. Just be considerate if it hurts too badly."
"Probably not." He flips her off playfully.
"Three more fingers and a thumb. You're halfway there already." She sticks her tongue out at him.
"You're fucking amazing, Momma MILF."
"I am, aren't I?" She grins sheepishly then fidgets her lips in thought, "So should I confront Elliot about everything?"
"Gonna tell him we're all tapping his girl?"
"I'm scared to. I don't want to hurt him if we're wrong and he's just making things up. Although, when I accidently sent him my masturbation video meant for Brian, he did take it well. I was terrified after that."
"Honestly none of us gives a shit what he thinks. You're hooked on us and that's not going to change."
"Very true. I do find it unsettling that you only befriended Elliot to reach me."
"I mean Elliot's a good guy, but he's never been more than a mascot."
"Please do not tell him that. He's fragile."
"Get over it. Unless you can't handle who we really are."
Pointing at Cabot with scrutinizing gaze she hisses, "None of you are ever getting kicked out. Stop challenging my decisions with threats."
"Then stop giving a fuck what Elliot thinks on the situation. You're our slut whether he says no or not."
"Then I suppose I reveal the truth and let him come to terms the best he can. I am not letting you boys go, I need you."
"Right behind you when you tell him."
"Is that safe?" She giggles suddenly, picturing Cabot taking her from behind.
"Won't know until the show, Ho."
Sighing Margo lays her chin on her knuckle, elbow on the table between them to stare at Cabot without blinking. "Cabot? It's such a beautiful morning. My weightlifting can wait. Walk with me."
"Hand in hand?"
"You are my lover, you tell me."
"Not dressed like that." He squints at her attire.
"What's wrong with how I'm dressed?" She looks herself over with a confused expression.
"If you're going to be my slut act like it."
"You would have me walk naked in the woods? I'll be eaten alive by insects."
He drops her tenderized foot and stands up to stretch, "I'm going to go watch some TV then."
"MEANIE! FINE! Just promise me one thing." She stands and removes her halter letting her enormous girls out for air. Kicking her shoes off she begins wiggling her yoga pants down to her toes and steps out of them. Totally nude she poses for his approval.
"Promise you what?"
"Don't fuck me in any poison ivy."
Laughing he shakes his head, "Wear your tennis shoes, nothing else."
"Are you joining me in our streaking?"
"Fuck it! Why not." He swiftly unfastens his jeans and tugs them down until he had to remove his own tennis shoes to get them off. Shoes back on he stood commando with a timid cock dangling south of the Equator. Extending a hand for hers she accepts it and eagerly leans into him with adoration.
"I love you so much Cabot."
"Yeah, yeah! Fuck you whore."
"Your whore."
"Where are we walking?"
Pointing toward the car barn in the distance she educates him on the terrain. "Did Elliot ever take you boys down that back trail?"
"Nope."
"About a quarter mile in, Darryl built Elliot a magnificent treehouse. A huge one like those built in the reality TV shows." She leads them from the pool area and down into the grass. Crossing the yard with a playful sway of hands.
"No kidding?"
"It's beautiful. Darryl went all out for Elliot's 12th birthday. It has all the amenities of a house, even a gas generator for power. It has lights and ceiling fans. Even a bug zapper. I told Brian about it, I'm shocked he never told any of you." She leads him past the car barn and into the overgrowth of tree branches then down a thin trail that went out a quarter of a mile. Definite isolation.
"He's too busy organizing gangbangs and chasing his stepsisters." He laughed.
"At least I have him to thank for our air conditioning."
"Until next month."
"Bonfire?" She winks, "Tell him to charge more, I'm worth it."
"You're going to bleed the fellas dry. Half of those morons don't even have jobs."
"Then I suppose we find more bankable young men." She throws her weight into him giggling. "Make more copies of those invites when you go to Wildwood."
'We've created a monster."
"Actually, Darryl did that long before you boys did. Trust me, I have not told you everything."
"Awesome. You need to fill me in on this secretive everything."
"In time. It's getting really humid out."
"I know your tits are getting shiny." He smirks then looks back at her ass, "So is that sexy ass."
"Who needs baby oil."
"Looking sexy mom."
"Don't I always?"
"Ego much?"
"No. It's a fact. Don't you agree?"
"I've never once seen you looking all skank and stank. Even when you get all jizzed up you look fine as hell. There is nothing like fucking Wonder Woman and knowing the Goddess will always look good."
"Do you envision fucking Gal Gadot when you fuck me?"
"At first. Now I envision you. Way hotter than Gal. I saw a pic of her recently kicking her leg way over her head in a martial art spread. Nearly dropped my pants right then. Can you do that?"
"I am pretty physical, and I do yoga. Maybe. Let's try that later." She points his attention from her toward their destination, a massive oak tree with all the comforts of home. The end of the road result, Cabot puckered his lower lip impressed by what he saw.
"Unreal! Are we going up in that treehouse?"
"Of course. It's been a few years since I've stepped foot in it. I decided that it was Elliot's home away from home, so I gave him privacy. He's not here now so I can snoop." She drags him around the massive tree trunk toward the back, avoiding shrubs which masked a bridge style staircase going up. It definitely needed a grooming to make it what it once was. Elliot was not the gardener type. "You boys need to come out here sometime and do some landscaping it's getting overrun."
"I'll talk the guys into it." He admires her lead going up, her incredibly tight ass shifting from side to side was making his dangling beast revive and thrive. "Man, this place is cool as hell. Deck around it and all."
"I think this project was more for Darryl than Elliot even though the added design features were Elliot's. It has bunkbeds in it in case friends ever stayed over. Not once did that ever happen. Well, I came out here and camped with him one night. That was the last time I was out here actually. We toasted marshmallows and used the zipline. Quite fun."
"Whoa! There's a zipline?"
"On the other side. It connects to a larger limb. heavy duty so if you're careful it can support the weight of two people."
"Sounds unsafe but sexy. Wanna give it a zip before we leave?"
"Only if you have your dick inside me on the way down." She sticks her tongue out as far as it could go.
"Oh, you're on Whore. Me Tarzan, you Jane."
"Of course, I am. Jane Goodall!" Good for all! Funny!
Reaching the deck, she unclasps a gate that allows them entry. They were pretty high up. Cabot looking over the edge could only swallow and say, "Long drop if that zipper breaks."
"Then we lay broken in each other's arms. Neither of us brought our cells to call for help."
"That's encouraging."
She moves toward the door to discover a padlock on it. Brow poised high she fidgets, "When did Elliot put this on?" She lifts and drops the lock with a pout.
"Do you think he hid a key around here? Seems like the smart thing unless you have bolt cutters."
"i suppose we search. If we don't find it we come back and snip the lock. I want in."
"So do I." He reaches under and gooses her. She yelps and swats at his hand playfully. "Monkey business later Johnny Weissmuller." No idea who that reference was he shrugged. "Cheetahs never prosper! Look it up on your phone when we get home." Darryl was a big fan of the classics. "You go that way; I'll go this way and look for a key. We'll meet on the other side." She takes control.
"On it."
"Very soon." She winks and eyes his now nurtured erection. "My how he has grown. Nice banana."
"Looking for a split." He laughed, "That's what sexy woodland creatures do."
"I've mastered my craft. Jane will meet you over there."
She heads around the deck slowly, looking under and around pieces of wood furniture on the deck. Nothing! No key taped under a chair or table. A large branch with a cushioned seat in its extended elbow caught her eye. It would be perfect to hide something because most people would not have the courage to walk out that far. Even she was hesitant. Still, that would not stop her.
Carefully she climbed out onto the limb holding the trunk for dear life until she had no choice but to let it go in order to walk the stretch of oak like a high wire act. Her heart was pounding. Reaching it she carefully perched her ass on the seat and caught her breath. "That was not fun." Looking the seat over, sure enough she discovered a key sewn into the cushion, kept from rusting inside a baggie. "At least Elliot was thinking."
Prepared to make her return trip she notices something that makes her stop. Into the trunk where it should have been impossible to reach, she saw a blade carved heart with the initials "E.N. + M.N." It made her heart freeze. It was as if Elliot was in love with Margo. She smiled faintly, then found it troubling. Looking lower she discovered another heart that said, "I want to fuck my mom." Her jaw dropped.
"Oh, my God. It's true."
Returning to find her out on a limb Cabot bulged his eyes, "You walked out there? You're crazy."
"I did find the key." She lifted the bag.
"Damn! I never knew Elliot was a circus performer. He is in France maybe he can get a job at Cirque du Soleil."
"Neither did I. Can you see the carvings over here from there?"
"Not really. What are they?"
"Carved hearts. Elliot somehow found a place to keep his secret. He must have rigged up some climbing wench in order to get down there. One has his initials and mine in a heart. The other heart is bigger and says I want to fuck my mom."
"That's our boy." He chuckled.
"Not funny. How could he desire me like that? I'm his mother."
"How many times do we have to tell you Margo? You're only his mom on paper."
"Still." She pouts, "I can't get down Cabot."
"Seriously? You got out there."
"I know. Dang it!" She cautiously rises wanting to straddle the limb and crawl but knew she would rough up her thighs and labia. Trembling legs lead her to rise ever so slowly until she teetered in full stance. Cabot was scared for her. He decided to climb as far as he could out until he had to let go of the trunk. Stopping there he extended his arm with an awaiting hand.
"Go slow. Grab my hand."
"Why did i do this? Oh, my God!" She inches her way toward him fearfully trying not to look down. Her last few feet she took a deep breath and rushed toward Cabot grabbing his hand then his forearm. He pulled her to him and held her close. She melted into him shivering. "My hero."
"Always! Let's get back on that deck before we both fall."
"Thank you."
"Thank me with your mouth around my cock here soon."
"Absolutely."
Both now in safe territory on the deck they caught up with their nerves before making the walk to the door. Unlocking the padlock, she leads Cabot inside. It was stagnant within being sealed up. A joint effort windows were opened to allow fresh air inside.
"At least we don't have to fight off a family of raccoons." Cabot jests.
"I know. Darryl made sure the treehouse was airtight just to prevent that."
"Notice anything?"
"What?"
Cabot points to a doorway between rooms. Her jaw dropped, "Oh, my God. My old sex swing." She shuffles over to it smiling, testing its strength before taking a seat in it, legs wide and high. "Test run?"
Cabot puckered and moved in to penetrate her wet pussy with a subtle nudge of entry. Her eyes flared as his crown crossed over her G-spot. "Mmmm! That was nice." A five-minute fuck made her cry out, "Fuck that pussy Cabot." He most certainly did, gripping the swing and hitting her hard. A swift detonation into her she joins him in a squirt of release. Laughing at their adventure Cabot focuses behind her in the dim doorway.
"Whoa!"
"What?" She looks over her shoulder awkwardly. On the wall behind her was a white sheet pinned on the wall as if a perfect movie screen. Assisting her out of the swing Margo stepped around it, leaving a trail of juicy droplets on the wood floor in her wake. Cabot followed the trail. Within the bedroom of course were the bunkbeds but both mattresses were on the floor together to make one big mattress. At the head of the bed was a short table with a projector on it, a lengthy extension cord leading out to a cubby where the generator was.
"Home movie theater?" Cabot surmised.
"I guess so. Interesting!"
"Notice that big metal box over there?" He nodded toward a window.
Walking over to it she notes pictures hung up along the ceiling. To her shock they were nudes of her. She immediately gasped and held a hand to her trembling lips.
"Elliot's looking obsessed here Margo."
"I agree. He never once let on that he was this into me."
"Probably afraid of rejection."
"You may be correct. Before all of you moving in that might have been true. Now? My mind is opening more."
"So, you're saying you're open to Elliot?"
"No... I... it still seems wrong."
"Let's crack this box open and see what's inside. I'm guessing when you have a projector you have video reels." He crouches down, his dick dangling from use nearly caressing the floor. Opening the box sure enough inside were dozens of reels of footage well protected in cannisters and padding against moisture. "Up for a double feature?"
"Terrifyingly, yes. I need to know."
Choosing two on top presuming that Elliot would keep favorites easily accessible Cabot stands and approaches the projector. Figuring out the device he readies the film. "Need power."
"Right, Generator." Margo crosses the room and opens the reservoir to see how much fuel was inside. A gas can sat next to it with just enough for a few hours run. Using a ripcord, she manages to start it up, noisy but workable, then closes the hatch to muffle the sound. Cabot checking the cords fires up the projector. Standing together behind it, Margo folds her arms tightly over her perfect 40D's and shivers. Cabot steps behind her and respectfully rubs her biceps to calm her nerves.
Movie beginning it was a scene taking place in her kitchen. Thinking herself alone that day Margo had hopped up on her island dinette and sat back playing with herself. Totally nude and dynamic she fingered her pussy and moaned like a banshee in heat. Even a zoom lens closed in on the perfect focus of her fingers dipping and digging deep. Hearing her in the movie Cabot had no control over his beast growing behind her. Jabbing her in the ass she merely nudged herself back into his arms, his dick slipping into her butt crack.
"Gotta admit, Elliot is good with a camcorder."
"He is. I look really good, don't I?"
"Porn star all the way, every day."
"Maybe I should be one."
"Well, Brian did videotape your gangbang. Off to a good start."
"Strangely, I like being on camera."
"Then it's settled. We build your new career into a cash cow to save your home."
"Listen! Can you hear Elliot?" She freezes.
Over the video soft whispers lead them to hear Elliot say, "Fuck mom is hot. My dicks so hard right now I need to nut." A shake of the camera they knew that Elliot had resorted to jerking off.
"There goes his cinematography award. Shaky as a bitch." As Cabot chuckles the video drops suddenly to show Elliot's dick and his hand stroking it hard. Margo gasped and couldn't blink. She had actually never once seen her son's cock. He was never so young that even bathing him was part of her early routine. "Who knew the nerd had a big old boy in his pants."
"Fast forward please. I can't watch him..." Eyes never once lowered.
"Don't like that big boy mom?"
"I... dammit fast forward it." She tries to steal the remote while blushing. He played keep away grinning devilishly. "Oh, shit! Look Margo." She turns just in time to see Elliot's dick splatter cum all over. Lots of cum at that. She bulged her eyes and sighed.
"All of that over mommy." Cabot teased her.
"This is torture Cabot."
"Why? Grossing you out?"
"NO." She shies her eyes while grinning.
"Ohhhh! Mommy likes it, doesn't she?"
"NOOO! Maybeeee! You need to fuck me again Cabot."
"Oh, yeah?" He turns her back to the screen and pushes her off balance and she drops to the mattresses. Looking up at him he then fast forwarded the film until it changed scenery to poolside on a bright sunny day. Margo was topless wearing only bikini bottoms. It was easy enough to tell she was asleep. Puckering at it Cabot thought of the day they all texted her and she masturbated behind the scenes. Leering her head back to see the new scenery Margo decides to crawl further up the mattress and roll over onto her tummy. The movie got good fast. Obviously, Elliot had his camcorder on a tripod because he was naked and sneaking up behind Margo.
"Oh, my God." She dropped her jaw. Elliot stood behind her chaise stroking his cock and looking over the chair back to see her tits.
"Caught you snoozing it looks like."
"This must have been last summer. He looks like he does now."
Cabot dropped to his knees behind her and crawled over her body to lay atop her, his dick pressed between her butt cheeks. A subtle rise to her hips allowed Cabot to penetrate her pussy with welcoming ease. From there he tenderly took her from behind, kissing her shoulder as she watched the movie. Elliot was getting extremely bold, even stepping to her side and jerking off over her tits as she napped.
"Muscle relaxers." She frowned. "I got really dark that day because I fell asleep. I remember the day." In her slumber Elliot found her sunscreen and rubbed some on his hands. Kneeling cautiously beside her he dared to lightly touch her tits and rub the lotion in.
"Damn! You must have been in a coma. Ole' boy just kept you from toasting worse."
"I think I took three that day, so I was pretty deeply out. I can't believe my son just fondled my tits." She sighs hiding her eyes in the mattress. "Faster Cabot." He fucked her a bit harder as she resumed watching.
"Turning you on that he got that intimate?"
"Yes. So wrong but, yes."
As Elliot's fingers lightly tugged her nipples at the same time, he offered a cheesy grin at his camera. It was so hilarious that both Margo and Cabot laughed. It went further when Elliot stood up and rubbed his chin looking her over from head to toe. Deciding his next move Elliot tiptoed like a moron toward her feet and lotions her legs ever so lightly. Not so much as a stir out of Margo. Reaching her thighs, he pinched her bikini bottom strings over her left hip and released them, guiding them between her legs. The other string followed. From there he just uncovered her cunt and showed a devilish thumbs up to the camera.
"He got his mommy naked. Fuck yeah, Elliot. Mad respect Nerd." Cabot chuckled rising higher to his knees more to sink his thrusts deeper into Margo. She moaned and competed with the movie. Were her moans due to Cabot? Were they added to by watching her son's mischief? Yes, and definitely.
Elliot fluttered his fingers over Margo's pussy and gently touched her clit. Fearful of her waking up he only loitered his fingertips in touching her labia, acting for the camera as if he was fingering her. He wasn't but he found it humorous. So did Cabot.
"Damn this is hot. What's going through your head, Slut?" He whispers into her ear.
"My mind is blown. I thought I knew my son better than this."
"Look! He's going to nut over you." Cabot fucks her harder and licks her earlobe.
Elliot had moved back over her chest and began jerking off. His stance led to expressions of ecstasy as his head tilted back. Minutes later he explodes all over her revealed tits, tummy and bikini area equally as outpouring as his earlier scene in the kitchen. Gritting his teeth at his deed Elliot rubbed his own jizz in like lotion until it spread out. Amusingly, he took a single index finger and placed a single drop of his cum to her lips. As if a fly bothering her Margo groggily swatted his finger away. Panic stricken Elliot ran behind her then away around the house before she caught on to his mischief.
"You were aware enough for that but you didn't feel him pawing you up?" Cabot busted up. "Look at you. You didn't even see his camera trained on your body after he ran off? I think I want some of those muscle relaxers if they're that good."
"I TOOK THREE! Shut up and fuck me." She laughed burying her embarrassment into her folded arms beneath her head. "I wasn't feeling anything."
"Just a pesky fly." He laughed, "Look you just licked your lips. You tasted Elliot's cum and didn't even know it."
"I'll never live this down."
Video ending Cabot gripped her hair and fucked her harder. She groaned to a case of very erotic words of enlightenment, "YESSSSSSSSSSS!" as Cabot nuts in her pussy a second time today, letting out a howl of conquest.
"Ready for a second feature?"
"That wasn't? Yes."
Pulling out of her she rolls over and rubs her entire body with yearning hands. She loved her bodies twitching nerves, it excited her even more. As Cabot replaces the reel, she contracts her thigh muscles and lets his jizz cream pie out of her cunt. She did it for his pleasure. Once he started the movie, he laid beside her to join her roaming hands with his own. She shared a look of thankfulness. "I adore you Cabot."
"I adore my whore."
"Mmmm!" The movie interrupted their emotions. Glancing up at an angle Cabot discovers Margo sleeping on her upstairs sofa wearing one of her short dresses. Again, out cold she even had drool in the corner of her mouth. Wanting to watch, Margo rolls over on top of Cabot and lays on his back, her tits crushing into him. He was comfy. He enjoyed her leisurely body over him, it felt right.
"He loves catching you asleep."
"When Darryl was on the road without me, I always had trouble sleeping. I'll admit I abused muscle relaxers on a regular basis. I still do but that's lessening because I have you boys to wear me out. Sleeping in your arms relaxes me. Besides, I need refills which I can't afford."
In the movie Elliot again has his camcorder on a tripod panning over her. He was streaking again acting as if he was jerking off over her left profile. She had no idea while snoozing away. As Margo repositioned to her back her mouth grew wide as if gasping for air. Seeing this Elliot rushes to remove his camera and carry it by hand. Hovering over her from the side he plants one hand on the back of the sofa for support and pans his camera toward her face with the other. Capturing his dangling cock, he let it swing over her open mouth. His crown literally dips inside her opened jaw.
"Holy fuck! He had his dick in your mouth. All you had to do was close your lips. Fucking unbelievable." Cabot found respect behind the nerd's bravado.
"I just can't believe this." She sighs.
"Oh, believe it. Little man is a pervert."
"All men are." She kisses him atop the head.
Elliot lingered there and attempted to go deeper but she began mumbling and he withdrew quickly to avoid lip contact waking her. He backed away slowly and paused the camera on her until she rolled over onto her left side to face the couch back. Her dress riding high revealed her bare ass as her legs went fetal, revealing her clam. That day she wore no panties. Hearing her soft snores Elliot moved back in and carefully pulled her skirt higher until her entire ass was in view all the way up her right hip. Crouching silently, he filmed himself touching his dick first on her ass then ever so carefully within her split thighs to touch his crown directly onto her tightly compressed pussy. The video guaranteed an actual touch. From his crouch he jerked off slowly, her snoring proof of zero realization. He managed to stroke over her cunt until he grits his teeth and jizzed on her clam. Proof of his deed cum glossed her cunt with droplets. Another shot coated her butt pucker. Triumphant he left her lay there skirt up and sticky.
"I remember being sticky down there and unsure why. I'm some kind of stupid, aren't I?"
"Dumbest bitch ever born. I bet Elliot was smug as fuck. He sure never let on to us he was this crazy."
Scene switching one last time found Margo in her bed blindfolded. Wearing a headset over her ears to prevent hearing anything she lay there nude on her fitted sheet, no other covers on the bed. Face up spread eagle her wrists and ankles were tied tightly to her headboard and under the back mattress. She was awake and stirring, calling out for Darryl.
"OH, MY GOD! This is when Darryl was alive. He left me tied up and went to make business calls. That little sneak." Margo lifted up to sit on Cabot's ass, cheek to cheek. She was really troubled now. She knew this video was of Darryl's making. He had hundreds of their adventures recorded. Somehow Elliot had a copy of it. Seeing the camera movement as being lifted she knew Elliot had removed it from the tripod. Carrying it he panned over her entire body. Her breasts heaving, hips rising and falling lustfully.
"Bondage. We should do this." Cabot smirks.
"Of course, we can. Attic, remember? This is too much. My son is pure evil. If Darryl had caught him doing this... I don't even want to think about it."
Following Elliot's movement, it was easy to see him crawling onto the bed between her legs. Even his knees slipped into view. Erection over her pussy he slaps his crown on her clit like a pro. Margo feeling it assumed it to be Darryl and moaned. Abandoning her, Elliot places the camera back on the tripod and moves it closer and at an angle behind the bed yet able to see her slightly from the side. Returning to the bed Elliot was now in full view. Moving over her he squeezes her tits then leans in carefully to suck upon her nipples.
"OH, MY GOD!" Margo wiggles over Cabot nervously.
"Damn Margo." Elliot fed on her to a symphony of moans, unable to touch he whom she thought was Darryl. Moving from her tits Elliot licks his way down over her belly until it met her clit.
Cabot busts up suddenly, "He's going to eat mommy out."
"SHUSH!" Margo pouts pelting him on the back of the head. Sure, enough Elliot stretched out and ate Margo, fingering her as he did. She yelped and begged Darryl not to stop. If she had only known that she had cum all over her son's face instead she might have been really angry. Now? She was just numb. "How could I have mistaken Elliot for Darryl? Their fingers were so different. Even the tongue technique. Both clean shaven that part was easy to overlook but the rest. You're right Cabot, I am the dumbest bitch to ever live."
"Our airhead bimbo."
Leaving Margo convulsing Elliot reared up and again scooted closer to spank her clit with his dick. She reacted with howls of quaking expectation. Pausing to look her over Elliot looks to his left. Talking to someone caught both Margo and Cabot off guard. Elliot said, "Are you sure?"
"Go on son. Happy belated 18th birthday. Tag your mother."
"Oh, God!"
Tears erupted instantly as Margo fell over Cabot as she bawled. He didn't know what to say or do. Her husband Darryl had actually set his wife up to let Elliot fuck her. As nervous as he was in the video Elliot straddled Margo and penetrated her. She got into it quickly without knowing the truth. Screaming as her son fucked her harder and harder. She was yelling, "GOD! DON'T STOP. FUCK MEEEEEEEEEE." Oh, he did. A good ten more minutes of filming led the camera to be removed from its base. Darryl was actually filming now. He captured video of Elliot from behind, between their legs as his balls slapped at her thighs and cheeks. Going so far as to move in to witness Elliot's girth moving in and out of his adopted mother's squirting pussy.
"Should I stop the film?" Cabot felt badly.
"No!" She bawled but faced the situation, eyes on.
"Alright."
"Cabot? Elliot's already had sex with me. I can't believe that Darryl did this. I never knew."
"Secret pact between father and son I guess."
Holding her after repositioning, Cabot and Margo watched as trembles overtook her entire body. Elliot actually detonated inside Margo as she convulsed losing her mind. Elliot was obviously damn good in bed.
"Good job, Son." Darryl patted his son's head thrashing his sweaty hair about. "Wanna fuck her some more?"
"Can I?" Elliot grinned.
"Get up. Let me untie her and roll her over. It's time you learned how to take a girl up the ass." Claiming the camera from Darryl, Elliot filmed his father untying her and roughly rolling her over onto her belly before retying her hands to the headboard. Leaving her ankles untied Darryl encouraged her hips high, moving her to her knees while her upper body remained crushed into the mattress. Leaving her with a harsh slap to her ass, she yelped awaiting her fate.
"How could you not tell the difference in body weight? Darryl has like a hundred pounds on Elliot."
"You said it, I'm stupid."
Cabot nods in agreement as the video continues. Camera switching hands Darryl films as Elliot moves back in and is coached by the Coach to put a pinky in her ass pucker to get her ready. Elliot does it but grimaces until Darryl said, "Man up Soldier." Elliot did. "Slap your mom's ass a few times. Show her who is boss." Elliot did. Ten times he struck her, reddening her cheeks until Darryl tells him, "Now caress them. Go from dominance to showing love, back and forth. That's how you earn respect." Elliot follows his father's lesson and hears Margo thank him with a verbal, "Thank you, Sir."
"Ummm! Margo? I think Darryl was grooming Elliot to own you."
"More to own someone else in the future. Darryl couldn't possibly know he would be killed months after that night."
Watching Elliot pry her butt cheeks wide Darryl tells him to spit on her hole to lube it up. Doing it Elliot finally touched down. Filming his first anal insertion to Margo's whine was a thing of beauty. Inch-by-inch Elliot plunged into her until he looks up at his dad with a huge grin, "Mom's ass is tight."
"Won't be after you fuck that for a good hard run. Dig in son. Fuck that slut."
"Can I call her that?"
"Go for it. Hell, reach over that back and pull her hair." Carefully Elliot stretched without touching his upper body to her back. He knew his own body frame might sell his identity out. Gripping her long brown mane Elliot grew smug and yanked her head back hard.
"GET UP HERE SLUT!" Elliot growled then laughed. Margo obeyed Darryl in her unsuspecting tug. Unable to hear or see meant only visions. Darryl was magnificent. Although the size of their cocks was different, she accepted it. She was clueless. Elliot then pounded her ass like a porn stud. Slapping her ass more until she screamed, alluding to an orgasm. Elliot shot cum up into his adopted mother's anus just as she squirted all over her bed. Pulling out Darryl watched his son's cum puddle up in her anal cavity.
"Now that's how it's done Boy. I'm proud of you."
"Thanks dad. Best birthday ever."
"Should we take the blindfold and earmuffs off and let her in on the birthday gift?" Darryl laughed.
"No dad. Please don't. I love mom. This would crush her."
Margo felt his concern and cried again; he would have been right. At that time she was only dedicated to Darryl and those he introduced her to outside their home. Her husband letting Elliot do this made her sad. Yet, she took a deep breath and accepted it.
"Anything ever happens to me you take good care of your mom. Got me?"
"Yeah. I will."
"Go get cleaned up. I'm going to fuck your mom until morning. Love ya son."
"Love you too dad."
Video over.
"Come here Margo. Cry it all out." Cabot tried to console her. She shook her head and toughened up instantly. Crawling off of him and then the twin mattresses she stood up and folded her arms over her chest.
"We put everything back as it was. Including the key in the cushion. None of you boys ever step foot in this treehouse. Am I clear Cabot? Do not even tell the others. Do it for me."
"Naaaa." He stands tall and stares her down, "Face the music Whore." In a bold move Cabot Ross gripped her by the chin and glares into her eyes. His Jekyll and Hyde move was haunting. One minute ago, he tried to comfort her, now he was aiming to piss her off. Certainly, a test.
Her eyes danced before his gaze, studying his thoughts. Masking her anger she relents, "You're right. Exploit me. I deserve it. Tell the boys. Share these movies. I'll sit with you until you all fuck me after you get worked up. I am a whore. Now and forever."
"Damn straight you are. Still love me?" He winces.
"Release me." She whispers as his grip on her chin moves away. In a unexpected rush she jumped into his arms. Her legs wrapping about his waist Margo smothered his lips in kisses. Margo Needy was one remarkable woman. Feasting on each other's emotions they took it back to the bed, fucking her harder than ever until she orgasms two more times. Exhausted and burning up at the noon day heat, both balls of sweat hear the generator run out of gas. The projectors light falls silent.
Cabot once again grips her by the chin forcing her sparkling gaze, "None of us care what Elliot has done. What Darryl did. Neither should you. Be what you were born to be MILF. No regrets, no bitterness. Your sole mission is to satisfy men. Porn star life begins today. We're going to stitch these videos into movies and sell them as copies. Do you understand?"
"Yes."
"We're going to whore you out whenever money gets tight. The guys and I will always watch your back, keep you gorgeous and seductive. Goddess on a leash."
"I want that." She sighs yearning to kiss him again. Maybe she really could give in totally to five Master's. Six if Heath got his way in Margo addressing Elliot as Master too. Resistant still, the video did capture her imagination. Darryl wanted this.
"Air sounds good. Let's go home."
"Cabot?"
"I will never fail any of you. I swear it."
"No more thinking you can give us orders."
"Pay your rent on time, every time is my final order."
"You'll get it. None of us are going to move in here and abuse you until you lose it all."
"I still want my Bed & Breakfast."
"More beds for you to be fucked in."
"Bed & Brothel?" She smiles.
"Might need a few more whores to achieve that."
"I might know a few." She giggles. Strangely, Cabot knew a few of his own he might talk into it. Namely, two gorgeous twins of African American persuasion. Possibly even his main lover Maria.
"Really?" He shares a look of surprise.
"When the time is right, I'll make calls. For now, I want you all to myself."
"Deal." He gets up and pulls her to her feet. "Zipline?"
"Dick inside me as I hold on to you for dear life?"
"If we die today, know I love you, Margo."
"Maybe we'll come back as lovers."
"Our luck field mice."
Laughing they closed up windows and leave the interior, locking it back up. Looking toward the key's original hiding place Cabot shakes his head, "Ain't no way! We're hiding the key under that table over there."
"I have a better idea." Taking the key from him she leads him to the zipline. Knowing how to use it, she examines it first for safety. Noting Cabot's dick as timid she kneels down and sucks his cock until it grows sturdy enough to penetrate her. Standing with a smile she once again jumps into his arms and wraps her legs around his hips tightly. His cock found her vulva easily and embedded deep to a welcomed gasp. Arms about his neck she puts the key between her teeth and says, "Both hands on the bar, not my ass."
Gripping the zipline handles Cabot grits his teeth and feels the cable for strength with a tug. Sturdy as it should be he took a deep breath and shuffled toward an open ledge to launch from. Hearing Margo squeal, he hurls their weight off of the wood deck and the two zip down the 150-foot length until reaching a landing pad of more wooden planks. Successful he lets go, feet on the ground and whooping up a hail of, "FUCK YEAH! AWESOME!"
She retrieves the key from her lips and kisses him again, "You didn't get us killed. I was craving cheese too." Her field mice pun went over his head even though it was his comment. As she uncurls her legs, she stood up to show him the key. Forsaking its baggy which was left upstairs she bends over in front of him and lifts one of the landing planks. Below it she buries it in the soil. Treasure chest sacred.
"Works for me." He chuckles.
Hand in hand they returned home. It was time to shower and make love some more.
"Wanna watch a movie?"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! YESSSSSSSSSSSSS! Brian's gangbang video."
"Popcorn?"
"Lots of butter."
"Hey! Brilliant idea..."
"What?"
"Eric's a manager at a theater. Let's figure out how to show you on the IMAX screen."
"OH, MY GOD! DO IT!"
A plan for another day.
The Family Tree was still mighty.