This story is really just an expanded version of a fantasy shared with my wife over text message one day when we were both bored at work. I hope someone enjoys reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it...
*
Room 604 she thought to herself, taking a deep breath and stepping out from the revolving door. She took a cursory glance to either side to make sure she wasn't being watched, more aware than ever of how she must appear.
She still couldn't quite believe she was doing this. How had she gone from a bit of harmless sexting at work to walking across a strange hotel lobby minus her underwear? Bloody Dean and his text messages.
As ever it had started off quite playfully, just an email exchange between husband and wife to relieve the boredom of a rainy Thursday afternoon at work. He had begun by telling her how good she looked that morning and how he wanted to whisk her off home and pounce on her. However, after lunch the content had gradually got more and more pornographic until she had made him switch to texting her through fear that her emails would be monitored and she would get into trouble at work.
Quite how it had ended up with her arranging to drop the kids off at her mums for the night and him texting her a room number for a hotel near the airport and instructions on what to wear, she had no idea.
She had to admit that she was by no means an unwilling participant though. In fact it seemed that even the journey to the hotel had conspired against her. First she had been shouted at and wolf whistled by a 2 guys in a white van as soon as she left the house. Then she had spent the entire drive to the hotel worrying that her black skirt would ride up and she would wind up flashing other drivers; a prospect that she found altogether more exciting than she should have. So much so that she had to fight against the urge to touch herself at some traffic lights following eye contact with a particularly good looking guy in a convertible.
By the time she arrived at the hotel and had made the hurried walk across the car park, she was feeling like she was in heat, she was so turned on.
Thankfully it was still early evening, maybe a little early for the hordes of travelling businessmen to descend for the night. All the same she could feel herself flushing self consciously as her heels clicked across the marble floor of the hotel lobby.
She had rehearsed several different scenarios for what she would say if she was challenged but thankfully the receptionist was busy and there was no one else around. She let out a quiet sigh of relief as she reached the lifts without incident.
In her tight black pencil skirt and low buttoned white blouse she could maybe pass for a businesswoman or perhaps somebody's secretary, but when you factored in the 5 inch heels and crimson lipstick, she was all too aware that call girl would be the more likely assumption.
In fact, even that idea was exciting. The prospect of arriving at a strange hotel to sell herself to a rich, good looking client...God, she was becoming as big a pervert as Dean!
Taking a few deep breaths to calm herself, she stepped into the lift, checking her appearance in the mirror as it climbed toward the sixth floor.
At 35 she was probably in the best condition she had been in since her early twenties. A punishing regime of exercise and dieting had seen her figure gradually return following the birth of her children and as it did she had begun to get her self confidence back.
She certainly looked good today anyway. Her blonde hair was cut short to just below her ears, her face and arms lightly tanned from the recent summer sun. She was wearing a white, cap sleeved blouse, buttoned just low enough to show off some cleavage while her skirt was tight and black with an indecently high split up the back, hugging her hips and ending just below mid thigh.
On her feet she wore black, 5" heels, their height emphasizing the muscles in her slim legs and making her look much taller than her 5ft 3.
Satisfied with her appearance, she applied a final layer of thick, red lipstick, pouting at her reflection in the mirror as the elevator pinged. She knew that Dean would like what he saw and her mind began to wander to what he may have planned for her.
Would he be undressed already? All hard and ready for her? Perhaps he would drag her straight into the room and have her hard, up against the door? Or perhaps he had something even ruder planned? She could feel the heat between her legs at the prospect.
Their sex life had definitely become much kinkier over the past year. While it had always been good, they had definitely been getting more and more adventurous without her really knowing why? Perhaps there was some truth in that thing about women hitting their sexual peak in their thirties...
It didn't take long to find 604. Taking a deep breath and pulling back her shoulders, she reached forward and knocked on the door, not sure what to expect.
She was surprised, maybe even a little disappointed when Dean opened the door still dressed, in a slim fitting, dark suit.
"Wow, you look amazing," he said, ushering her in to the room.
"Thanks. You don't look so bad yourself."
"Yes. Seeing as how you were all dressed up I thought it was only fair to have a shower and do the same. You look like you could be my sexy secretary..."
"In your dreams. Besides, you'd be done for sexual discrimination within a week!"
"Hmm, yeah. Your probably right. Anyway, seeing as we have the whole evening to ourselves I took the liberty of ordering champagne to celebrate" he said, handing her a glass and leading her over to the bed where she perched on the edge.
Then he eased into a chair opposite her, lifting his own glass and watching her as she sipped her drink.
"So, what are you going to do to me?" she said, crossing her slender legs and noting his gaze drop as her skirt rode up her thighs.
"It's a surprise" he replied, the mischievous look in his eye sending a rush or arousal into the pit of her stomach.
He had always had a way of looking at her that left her in no doubt what he was thinking and right now she had the feeling she was being slowly eye fucked. However, while she didn't mind it from her husband, she had noticed how many other men had been looking at her in the same way recently!
Like the two guys in the white van from earlier. Slowing almost to a crawl and hollering at her to come for a ride with them. What did they think, that she was going to climb into the back of the van and let them take turns with her? On one hand she was outraged that there were still men who thought it was somehow acceptable, but there was another, darker part of her that had liked the attention and their eyes on her. Liked how it made her feel sexy and feminine.
It was that same part of her that seemed to be leading her into ever more adventurous situations. The same part that had her perched on a bed in a strange hotel, minus her underwear, so turned on that it was all she could do not to beg him for it there and then.
"It's a good surprise though; I think you'll like it..."
"Hmm, we'll see," she said, taking another gulp of her drink in an effort to distract herself. "Do you like my outfit?"
"Mmm, definitely. What's underneath the skirt?"
"Not much..." she said, slowly parting her legs so that he could see her lack of underwear.
"You dirty girl" he said, licking his lips.
"I nearly flashed some guy in a lorry on the way here," biting her lip a little.
"You should have done. Are you wet?"
"Very..."
"Good. Now take your bra off but leave your shirt on"
She did as she was told, reaching awkwardly beneath her tight shirt to unclasp it and wriggle her way free, her thick dark nipples now clearly visible through the thin cotton.
"That looks good. Here, finish your drink"
Again, she did as she was told as he stood, taking the empty glass from her hand and refilling it before setting it down on the bedside table.
"I like your lipstick," he said, his hands going to his waist, unfastening his belt. Her lips parted slightly, knowing what was coming.
"Get on your knees"
"You're so rude!"
"Yes, and you love it"
It was hard to deny it as she did as she was told, dropping down onto her knees, betrayed by the increased wetness between her legs as he freed his cock and stepped towards her.
He was already hard and she let out a little gasp as he twisted one hand into her hair, holding her in place and feeding his prick into her willing, red lipsticked mouth with the other.
The small act of submission only served to ramp up her excitement further and she made a point of looking up at him as she ran her tongue up the underside of his cock before slowly sucking him deep into her mouth.
"Uh. Yeah, you're good at that"
She didn't reply but instead rolled her tongue around until soon he was moaning out loud above her bobbing head. She found herself wondering whether he was going to come in her mouth? A part of her wanted him too and she brought her hands up, squeezing his bum.
He let out another, louder groan as she dug her nails in a little and she briefly wondered what his reaction would be to being touched there? She had done it once before to an ex who came in her mouth almost immediately as she had slid a condom covered finger into his arse. She dug her nails into his bum again and was rewarded with more groans but then he was easing back and away, pulling out of her mouth.
"Uhh, not yet," he said as he withdrew, pulling her to her feet once more. "I have a lot more planned for you yet. Here, drink your champagne."
She took the glass and shuffled back on to the bed.
"Are you trying to get me drunk?"
"Absolutely" he replied, refilling her glass again.
She watched as he reached into the overnight bag and began laying things out on the bed.
"What's that?" she asked, feeling the sudden knot of excitement in her stomach as her eyes took in what he had laid out.
"All of the things I'm going to use on you"
"You're such a pervert. What are those?" she said, pointing.
"Nipple clamps"
She could feel a slow pulsing between her legs now. How long had he been planning this?
"When did we get nipple clamps? And... handcuffs? Just what do you think you are going to do to me?"
He leaned in close, one hand dropping to her hip, stroking her over the smooth material of her skirt.
"First I'm going to tie you to the bed with these..." his voice low and husky as he held up the silver handcuffs and two long strips of silk .
She squeezed her legs together a little as his fingers began to creep down her thigh.
"Then I'm going to blindfold you..."
"What then?" her breath coming shallower.
"Then, when you are all tied up, I'm going to pull on your nipples until they are all big and hard."
"Hmm."
"Then, I'm going to put the clamps on..."
She could feel the heat between her legs at the prospect. He knew her too well. Knew exactly what she liked and what turned her on.
As she had got older she had definitely become much more sexually aware. Throughout her twenties she had gradually come to realise that while she liked to be in control of almost every other aspect of her life, the bedroom was the one place she liked to hand over that control.
Perhaps she had always been aware of it on some level but she had only properly realised it in her early twenties. He had been a friend of an ex that she hadn't seen for years but had run into in a club one night. He was a good looking guy with a confidence that was bordering on arrogance and she had fancied him straight away. Of course, her friends had hated him on sight but that hadn't stopped her from catching a cab back to his place.
The sex had been good and he was very confident and quite dominant. Up until that point, she had mostly been the one in charge but he had turned the tables on her and she was shocked at how much she liked it.
He would say and do the rudest things to her as well. Telling her how sexy she was and how he loved the taste of her. Putting his hand up her skirt in a busy club and then making a point of licking his fingers clean while she cringed with embarrassment as another couple watched on.
Eventually she had come to her senses and realised he was a complete dick head but at the time she was completely and utterly in lust. He only had to look at her and she would be sopping wet for him.
The feeling of cold metal clamping over her wrist jolted her out of her reverie and she opened her eyes as her husband eased her onto her back. Looking her in the eye with a slight smile on his face, he pulled her arms up and wrapped the handcuffs around the wrought iron bedstead before fastening her other wrist.
"What were you thinking about?"
"I was wondering why I let you do all these things to me," she replied giving an experimental tug, realising that she was now effectively tied to the bed as he smiled down at her.
Then he had begun undoing her buttons. One at a time but stopping at the last few before slowly drawing the material to the sides, exposing her breasts before stepping back to admire his work.
"Enjoying the view?" she said, arching her back a little, noting the way her nipples were standing up stiff and erect.
"Hmm, definitely. I'm not sure about the skirt though" he replied, his eyes dropping to her legs.
Although her skirt was technically knee length, the act of laying down had raised it to a height bordering on indecent.
"But if it was any higher you'd be able to see everything..."
He grinned at her in response as he reached down to the hem of her skirt, easing it up inch by inch as she lifted her hips to allow him to drag it up and under her bum.
"There, that's better"
"I thought you were going to take it off?" she said, wriggling her hips a little.
"No, it looks ruder up around your waist like that".
"Pervert. How about now?", drawing her knees back and apart until she was completely exposed to his gaze.
"Hmm," he replied, reaching in to the bag again. "Blindfold next"
"Really? Are you sure you don't just want to fuck me like this?" she said, rolling her hips in an effort to entice him.
"But that would ruin the surprise" he replied, moving in beside her and fastening the blindfold over her eyes.
"There's a surprise?"
"Fuck, you look sexy tied to the bed like that. Perhaps I should tie your legs as well and then phone for room service? Get one of the young guys downstairs to bring it up and see you like that?"
"That's rude!" she replied, trying to ignore the butterflies in her stomach at the prospect. "Would you let him touch me?"
"We'll have to see" he responded, running a fingertip down her thigh.
It was a topic that they had discussed many times over the last several months, the idea of him watching her with another man. At first she had been a little shocked that he would like that but over time it had been a frequent fantasy that they both enjoyed, and the sex was always especially good when they played it. Today was different, though. Perhaps it was the situation or the fact she was tied up but today it seemed to have a bit more of an edge to it.
As soon as he touched her pussy, he could tell how excited she was and she moaned as he slid a finger up into her.
"Mmm, it turns you doesn't it?"
She didn't say a word. Just leant back and let him slowly finger fuck her. Finally getting the attention she craved.
"Oh yeah, I can tell... you're dripping wet. Are you thinking about a stranger looking at your tight little pussy?"
She moaned as he continued to stroke her, adding another finger and stirring her wetness around before bringing his fingers up to pinch her clit. Then he was leaning in, whispering right into her ear.
"Would you like it? Knowing he was getting a hard-on staring at your cunt all spread open?"
She moaned again. Feeling herself getting more excited by his nasty whispering.
"Imagine him standing there, stroking his big cock as he watches me fucking you. Watches you stretch around my dick..."
He reached up with his free hand and twisted one of her nipples, pulling it up to a hard little peak. Then a pause before she felt the cold steel of the clamp as it closed over her hard nipple, making her gasp before he repeated the process with the other.
Then he was easing away, making her moan in frustration as his fingers left her sex, trailing up her body before dipping into her open mouth, painting her slippery juices across her tongue.
"See how good you taste..."
"Hmm."
"Do you like the clamps?"
"Maybe."
"Good. Now I just need to tie your legs"
"You're such a pervert!" she said, but she was already raising her legs to help as his hands closed behind her knees.
She was expecting him to tie her ankles but instead he fastened the long strips of silk around her thighs, just above her knees before securing the other end of the silk to the bed frame so that her legs were pulled back and wide apart.
She felt him move again, his weight shifting from the bed. Then... nothing.
"Are you still there?"
No reply.
"Come on, stop teasing..."
When there was still no response it gradually began to dawn on her that maybe he had left the room. Had she heard the door open? Perhaps...
She shifted on the bed, suddenly acutely aware of her position.Oh god. Surely he wouldn't actually go through with it? Wouldn't let someone else see her like this? She tugged gently against her bonds but they were fastened tight, leaving her completely exposed to whatever was going to happen next.
She could feel her breath coming short, her excitement spiralling as she lay there, the inside of her mouth still coated with her own taste, hot and thick and sweet on her tongue.
Was that a noise? Someone in the room? She stopped moving, every sense straining. Had she heard something? Perhaps the soft swish if the door on the carpet as it opened? But no, she couldn't hear anything now. Nor did she have the sense that there was anyone there. Just her imagination then. Oh god.
All manner of different scenarios began to run through her mind as she lay back on the unfamiliar bed. She felt light headed and shaky. A little out of control. She also felt massively turned on.
She forced herself to calm down. To think about this rationally. Her husband loved her. He would never do anything bad to her. She was sure he was just building up her anticipation. Giving her some time to dwell on what he might do to her. She was sure he would return in a minute to screw her brains out. She still couldn't quite believe he had left her tied to the bed though. She was going to kill him when he got back. Well, after he had made her come of course, she thought, smiling to herself.
How long had it been now? Surely not more than 5 minutes and yet it felt so much longer. She tried to distract herself by focussing on her surroundings. The metal of the handcuffs felt cold against her hands when she stretched them out, contrasting with the warmth of the silk ties binding her legs. The blindfold was made of some kind of soft material. Like one of those used by people who slept during the day or those on long haul flights, completely blocking out any light from view.
Although she couldn't see anything, occasionally she would hear people passing by the hotel room door and every time they did she tensed up with anticipation. However, it was a busy hotel and after the fifth or sixth time she gradually began to relax a little.
Her mind began to drift again. While she was 95% certain he wouldn't, what if Dean did come back with a complete stranger? Would he have her while the other man watched? Would she like it? So far all of their fantasies had been played out in the safety of their own home so laying almost naked, blindfolded and tied up in a strange hotel room was definitely new territory.
It was at this precise moment that she heard footsteps approaching again. Except instead of passing, this time they stopped outside the door. She found that she was holding her breath, every fibre of her body tense as she fought for self control.
Her body stiffened as she heard the slow turning of the door handle and then there was a soft creak as the door opened and then the clunk of the lock as it closed again.
Then she could feel the presence of another person enter the room as she lay there, desperately hoping that person was her husband. She could feel herself shaking a little with nervous tension.
She forced herself to try and relax, knowing that his eyes would be on her body. Is this what her husband liked to fantasize about? To see her all spread open for whoever may be watching? In a moment of boldness she parted her already spread legs further still, allowing him to feast his eyes on her shaven pussy, feeling her lips part, knowing they would be slick with her moisture.
If she was hoping for a reaction, she didn't get it although the footsteps did ease closer to the bed.
She had seldom been so turned on though and she found herself wishing that she could free her hands and touch herself. She could feel a pulsing between her legs, could feel her nipples, rock hard within the steel clamps. Her skin felt hot and a little itchy and she knew that her exposed chest would be flushed crimson with arousal.
What was he doing? Was he watching her? It was very exciting. She could almost feel his eyes on her body. God she must look like such a slut. Tied up on her back, arms stretched out above her head, her wrists fastened to the bed. Her tits jutting out of her open shirt, skirt bunched up around her waist with her legs spread wide and tied back. 5" high heels still on.
She knew Dean would want to tease her, make her wait until the last possible moment before he touched her but every second that passed seemed like an eternity. Finally, the silence was too much.
"Are you going to touch me?" she whispered, her voice coming out shaky.
He didn't respond but she could hear the rustle of clothing and the sound of a zip and realised he was undressing.
"I want you to fuck me" she whispered, almost certain now that it was only one person, her husband, in the room rather than any mystery admirer.
She could hear a slight exhalation of breath as she felt his weight settle on the queen size hotel bed. She could sense him above her and let out a little gasp at the feel of his fingertips against her wrists before they dragged slowly down the underside of her arms, teasing her before withdrawing again.
Then he touched her again, this time running his fingers up her sides, just the lightest of touches before settling along the sides of her exposed breasts. She could feel him pause briefly before he began stroking maddeningly inwards; thumbs moving closer and closer to her taught nipples.
By the time they got there she was almost panting and when he ran a thumb lightly back and forth over the clamped tip she had to bite her lip to stop herself from moaning out loud.
Then he brought his other hand up and began circling her puckered areola, pausing briefly to ease the clamps from her swollen nipples before pinching them hard between his index fingers and thumbs, tugging them upward as she tried unsuccessfully to stifle her moans.
As he dipped his head forward toward her body she caught the faintest whiff of an unfamiliar aftershave and she jumped in shock as a mouth fastened over her nipple, sending chills through her body. Then he began to suck her tits in earnest, his free hand squeezing her other breast, moulding the soft mounds of flesh, his course palm rubbing her as his tongue circled.
She moaned loudly, warning bells going off in her head that maybe this wasn't her husband at all but she was unable to do anything to stop it from happening. Gail could feel the wetness seeping from her body at his touch. Could feel the want between her wide spread legs.
It could still be Dean? It wouldn't have been difficult to spray on some different aftershave when he left the room to add to the illusion. It was exactly the kind of thing he would do.
Even so, the seed of doubt that it may not be her husband had her wetter than hell. She knew her chest would be flushed red, her nipples standing up hard and thick. Her cunt felt heavy and open and hot between her legs.
Though they had talked about sex with someone else, she never thought they would actually go through with it. Couldn't imagine she would ever agree to it but she had to concede the prospect that a stranger may be about to fuck her was both exciting and terrifying.
She was sure her husband wouldn't do that to her though. Was 95% sure that this was just an elaborate fantasy. But what if it wasn't? What should she do? Ask him to stop? Tell him she didn't want it? Yeah right! How, with her legs and arms tied? Also, how convincing would saying no be when she was wide open and sopping wet, nipples like bullets?
It was the not knowing that was driving her excitement. The total lack of control and the fact that the decision had been taken away from her. By the same rationale, surely that meant she wasn't responsible for what happened? - "Sorry honey but I thought it was you that was fucking my brains out..."
Then she could feel him shuffling in between her legs, the blunt, slick press of his cock between her buttocks sending a sudden lurch of desire through her body.
He felt hard...very hard, as he took a moment to slide it up and down between her swollen lips. Running the head of his cock up and down, coating it in her juices before moving back down again to press against her.
Gail let out a surprised squeak as he eased smoothly forward, the head of his cock opening her up as he slid into her with one long stroke.
She gasped as she felt herself open out around his thick cock. Oh god, surely her husband wasn't that big? Or was it just her imagination in her aroused state?
But then he had started to fuck her and she had ceased to care who it was, just wanting his cock, feeling it sinking deeper into her with each stroke. Grinding right up against her clit.
She felt stretched out wider than ever, so wet that she could feel her juices running out of her every time he withdrew, trickling down and over her arsehole.
Then he had begun to fuck her in earnest, faster and faster, harder and harder until he was driving remorselessly into her. So deep now, each stroke grinding up against her, stretching the lips of her pussy as she moaned, totally out of control.
In no time at all she could feel the familiar tightness in the backs of her legs and nipples. Could feel her impending orgasm drawing closer with every thrust. Her hips rolling up to meet him as he hammered into her.
Her muscles strained as he took her higher and higher, filling her again and again, as she forced herself hard onto him. She was going to come, could feel it approaching fast, the excitement of the situation too much for her. She hovered briefly, right on the brink...
Then she was plunging over the edge as he fucked her into a spectacular orgasm; spasm after spasm wracking her slender body. He didn't even pause as she came, instead fucking her straight through it with the same relentless pace and machine like rhythm.
She had never felt so full or so sensitive as he continued to shaft her. Moaning incoherently as she contracted around him, the last waves of her orgasm rolled through her body. It was just too intense.
"Please...Wait...Stop...Stop...Ohhhhhhhhhh"
Just when she thought she could take no more, her back arched violently from the bed, her second huge orgasm taking her completely by surprise. Even longer and more intense than the first. Every muscle locking in spasm, his cock so deep now, huge inside her, her moans replaced by a long high pitched keening as she convulsed, totally out of control around his dick.
She lost all track of time then. Completely unaware of her surroundings and only vaguely aware that he was coming too, pumping deep inside her until eventually her orgasm subsided and she flopped back on the bed, rag doll limp as he withdrew.
She could hear him dressing as she lay there utterly drained, pausing only to release her aching legs before he quietly left the room. Leaving her to wonder just who it was that had given her the best orgasms of her life?