The Lay-by
The day had been so much longer than she had expected. The demands on her had been never ending and she needed a beer or something stronger.
She left work, and headed for the supermarket, when she arrived, she prepared herself for a quick supermarket dash. Something quick and easy for tea and something strong -- she could and should treat herself to something smooth and strong. Something that would take her through the evening and leave her feeling like a woman......
As she walked in to the supermarket, her phoned buzzed.
"When do you finish work?" the message asked.
MMmmmmmmmm........he might be the perfect smooth and strong thing she needed.
MMMMmmmmmmmmm......she turned on her heels and headed back to the car. She'd show him, she could cum and cum and cum. She messaged back to ask where they could meet.
"Lay-by, near Minster Yard."
Not far to go, but it was still very light. Would it be quiet enough for a little fun?? She thought, although she didn't really care -- well who did when they were in the middle of an orgasm?
Bottle of water -- check. Tissues -- check -- what else did she need, other than herself.
She set off. As she drove along she noticed his pickup, he waved and smiled. Such a cheeky smile, nearly as innocent as her mind! She smiled to herself as she thought about his reluctance to let her get her hand down his pants. Would she succeed today?
She followed the pickup...it was quiet down the lay-by, hopefully, no one sinister would be around. Parking up behind him, she checked herself in the mirror. Moved her seat back a little and clicked the unlock button.
He slipped in.
Alone in the pickup, she talked gibberish until he had, had enough. He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her in towards him. A quick flicker of tongues.
"Do you fancy cock?"
Before she knew it, he had unzipped his trousers and had his manhood right in front of her. He pushed her head down. She rimmed the edge with her tongue before taking him full in her mouth.
She savoured his taste, and thought about how she looked at that moment. She sucked it well, as he stroked her back, she could feel the wetness in her own panties. She raised her head up, moved towards his balls, they were nice and tight, and she licked them with expertise and ease, helping him relax and shudder.
"Stop!" he pleaded...."I don't want to cum yet!"
She raised her head, pushed her hair back and smiled. She knew he was loving it, but she also knew he took so much pleasure in her cuming .... he would want to indulge her.
She stop on his command, just like he liked it, then she raised her head and pushed her hair back, he felt his balls tighten more, as if someone had hold of them. He couldn't hold back, he slipped his hand down her trousers and his fingers rushed towards that warm, wet pussy. He was desperate to feel her and taste her, the thought made the imaginary bolts around his cock tighten even more.
His fingers found the warmth, then he moved them up and down against her clit, her pussy was nice and smooth but she needed to be wetter. He dug his fingers into her, deep into her. His rhythmically movement was as fast paced as her breathing. Fuck, she was a comer!!! Such a fucking sexy bitch.....a little noisy but she turned him on -- no one had ever had such an effect on him before! She was definitely his best.
"Fucking cum, whore," he said through gritted teeth as she tightened her grip on his thigh, before clasping at the headrest and stretching her legs out.
"Keep going -- please." she begged between moans. She was cumin, he could feel her body pulsating, and the tightness in her pussy, urged him to keep going. He continued to dig down deep, in and out before he started rubbing her clit. She let out a squeal as her body tensed and relaxed like an automatic machine. Again and again. Aaahhhh...aahhhh.....she called out as her orgasm hit her, and it never stopped there, as he carried on rubbing her clit. Her body jerked and jerked, she whimpered and moaned.
"Fucking horny bitch -- your so fucking sexy!"
At that moment her phone began to vibrate -it was him -- she needed to go!
He slumped off after a quick snog and making her cum again.
The next lay-by would be very quiet and dark.
Twenty minutes later, she pulled up into the lay-by. He was waiting there in his white sports car with a personalised plate -- obnoxious twat! He loved that car more than life itself -- but he still needed, Amy.
Gone were the days of her fucking herself via a vid call, now things were more real -- her fucking herself outside for him (despite the weather), and him touching her -- fuck they both loved that little intimacy! She was so turned on by it and it helped him get the hard on, he so desperately needed and wanted every time he saw Amy!
She pulled out her blindfold from the dash box, climbed out the car, when she reached the passenger door, she slipped on her blindfold before opening the door. She slid into the passenger seat....pulled her top off her top, revealing her puppies in her tight fitting bra. Before leaning forward, to allow him to unclasp and release them.
As she sat back, she hung free, and his cock tensed and tingled at the sight. He watched her, caress her own breasts, her hands moved around the enormous melons as she woke the nipples, as she gently massaged herself. Cupping both in her hands, she struggled to control them as they jingled and jangled from side to side. Breathing deeply, her slight murmurs could only be heard by him, he felt his manhood tingle as he watched her arouse herself. She then started to pinch, pull and nip her nipples. They became instantly harder. She cupped one breast, in two hands then raised it up and moved her head down. Her snake like tongue - slithered out and flickered over the hard bud, like a mystical creature scavenging for food.
As she licked and flickered her tongue across her own nipple, she felt her clit tingle, as she aroused herself through her own touch and by knowing he would be stirring below as he watched in awe. She could hear him breathing deeply, and heard his belt buckle click as he undid it, her attention rose as she heard him beginning to free himself. She dropped her tit from her hold and caressed both breasts with care and affection. Longing for his touch........and as she thought it, his hand joined hers. The roughness and coldness of his feel made her shudder with delight....she continued to feel herself as he grasped hold of one nipple. Pulled it and squeezed it, moulding and playing with it between his fingers. Then the second hand followed, his hands on hers he traced her every move before clasping her hands by intertwining his fingers with hers. He then increased the intensity of his touch, she placed her hands on his as he caressed her breasts with excitement with the firmness that she deserved. She wriggled in her seat, as she felt the moisture on her panties.
He took frim hold of both breast before guiding one of her hands down, and across to his protruding cock. It was rock hard and he guided her hand to hold him, he grasped her hand hard, helping her get a firm grip of his lush, rigid cock. Together they moved their hands down and up his long shaft….she stretched her other arm other and used her fingers to tenderly touch his balls.
She felt him flinch as she touched them, her cold fingers causing him to shiver and jerk slightly.
His firmness could be felt in his cock and from the hand that held her firmly holding on, together they worked well, as he reached his climax, he threw her hand back and took aim at her tits. He raised himself up, using the seat to lift himself high, and aimed at her mouth as she sat there with her gob wide open, beckoning him to share his load.
She licked her lips as she felt his warm load touch her face, and felt his cum dribble down the sides of her lips, as it dripped on to her breasts, she rubbed it in then licked her fingers.
She needed to get to the shop, to get something strong and smooth, to wash everything down in style!