Just a little follow up to my light Christmas short story.
No actual sex as yet, but maybe in the 4th part.
Please enjoy a fictional fantasy journey into urban science fiction.
~~~~~
Dear Bob,
Eating alone, food boring?
Are you disinterested in cooking?
Salads wilt, curry cold and steak tough?
We have a revolutionary new kitchen and dining suite.
Guaranteed culinary experiences, every day.
Every meal leaves you fully satisfied and happy.
Phone KITCHENFUN now for an appointment.
#1
Another of my favourite adverts popped up on my tablet screen addressed to me. I was idly flipping through the latest videos on my favourite website enjoying the appropriate sensual attentions. Evenings alone were no longer boring and lonely using my newest lounge chair. The ad had no fancy graphics, no background, even the text was ordinary. What it lacked in appeal was made up for in the message. My nameisBob. Pleased with my introduction to sleeping and lounging after similar adverts, I was really curious about this new one.
I thought about it for a moment, I loved my evenings full of sexy fun and entertainment. Followed by fantastic dreams and orgasms in my special bed. One of the major parts of my life still humdrum were mealtimes. I hate preparing and cooking my own food, such a waste for just me alone. I tried it a few times, but spending an hour or more preparing the meal, then to have it all eaten inside a few minutes was disheartening. I tended to just buy frozen dinners, get take fast food or go to a restaurant. I may be okay in the conversation department, but every meal talking to myself gets tedious, at best.
I have been going out on weekends to meet new people, and maybe that special person to be my true love. It has worked to the extent that I meet many people and have fun occasionally, just never with anyone who would see me as special. Everyone at these places, be it walking, cycling, classes, exercising or the various other places and activities, always seem to be with married pairs or single blokes like me. Any single women are soon swooped upon and taken out of circulation before I even know they are there.
The advert has me intrigued, and without even taking time to consider it I ring the number, getting answered after only one ring tone.
"Thank you for calling Eat Me Service, this is Barbara speaking. How may I assist you?"
The voice was the same sultry and sensual one I have heard before, "Hi Barbara, Bob Smith here again. I saw your ad for a new kitchen and dining suite and was hoping I could find out more about it."
"Of course Mr Smith, how is the new lounge chair going? Hope it is giving you all you could dream of."
"It sure is Barbara. In fact I am sitting on it now, and I can't explain what your sweet voice is doing for me. This chair is making this an unforgettable experience, just from listening to you."
Her light laughter was clear over the phone and the chair converted that into a sensation I wanted every night. It sent vibrations up and down my spine, literally. A groan slipped out without me realising it, making Barbara giggle some more.
"Oh I can just imagine how much you enjoy your chair. I have one at home and I get really moist just listening to those shows with the deep male voice-overs. So, checking our calendar we can have a representative to visit you tomorrow night at seven if that is suitable."
"That would be great thanks Barbara, I'll look forward to it."
The next day dragged as I couldn't wait for my appointment that night. If the past was any measure, then the visual treat would be worth the time.
#2
Opening the door after the bell rang I was greeted with, "Well, hello again Mr Smith."
"So good to see you again Helen. I'd hoped it might be you," stepping aside to let her enter.
"Take me to your kitchen tonight Mr Smith and we can discuss what our company can do for you."
I followed Helen to the kitchen watching her arse sway in her tight red dress. I tried to give her directions to the kitchen, but was glad she seemed to know where it was. My mind could not get past the view of the smooth lines of her dress, as though she wasn't wearing underwear. Stopping in the middle of the kitchen, she did a full turn taking in the room.
"Oh what a lovely room, and I can see why you might be thinking of renovating it. What you have is very good quality, but just old and dated. I think we have the ideal system to freshen this room, and make your meals so much better. And your dining suite is adorable, if we were still in the sixties. Is that a genuine laminex and chrome table?"
She pulled out her tablet and opened an app, spinning slowly to shoot video of the room, asking me to keep behind her when she got near where I was standing. Her smile made me wish it was aimed at me, and only for me, she then did some of those swish things with her fingers on the screen. Becoming more concentrated she made further adjustments and selections on the screen until finally nodding in satisfaction. She turned quickly to face me, her sudden stop made her breasts wobble and sway within her dress. My eyes almost bugged out at the unhindered motion I was witnessing. After too short a time they settled and I looked up to find her smirking at me, I had been busted staring at her boobs.
Without delay she urged me to join her in the middle of the room, and as I got close she spun to have me facing her back. I was enjoying eyeing her butt when she surprised me by backing up to be in contact against my front. I had to separate my feet to allow her space to nestle her butt against my crotch. Well, that's what it felt like she was doing. Before I could fully comprehend anything more that she was doing, her spare hand came back and grabbed my left arm to have me hold her, asking me to add my right arm around her. Keeping hold of my hands against her belly with her left hand she raised the tablet in her right so it looked like we were viewing the kitchen through its camera.
What I saw was a wow moment as the video she had taken of my kitchen was overlaid with new cupboards, tiles, paint and appliances.
"Now hold tight Mr Smith, or can I call you John? We are going to turn around together so you can see what your new kitchen will look like."
Believe me, I held her tightly against me. Her perfume smelt divine, mixing beautifully with her shampoo. As we turned, her hips swayed as she shuffled her feet. My cock was now settled in between her cheeks and was being shoved around as we moved. I felt her butt muscles flex and tighten as she moved her legs. I was in heaven. Her commentary of what we were viewing on her tablet screen was the only thing keeping me on earth. The last direction was toward the dining area adjacent to the kitchen. The open plan on the screen allowed full vision of a new table and chairs, the existing peninsular with the overhead cupboards digitally removed. I had noticed as we rotated that we could just see the edges of a new island where we were standing. Helen then gently manoeuvred me to back up towards the entry door from the hall enabling me to see the proposed island in its entirety. I sucked in my breath, but not at the view of the island, it was the pressure she held against my groin with my very hard cock still wedged in her butt.
My voice was croaky as I whispered, "Ohh that is so wonderful," although it was the slight vertical movements her butt was making against my groin that had my attention. I was being masturbated, and loving it. It was then I got the full appreciation of her lack of underwear. Before I could show how much I appreciated it and totally embarrass myself, she disengaged while keeping a hold of my hand to lead me to the lounge room. We took seats opposite with the coffee table between us.
Setting her case on the floor next to her, the she pulled out sample folders placing them on the coffee table. I was thrilled to see her return to get out more as she inadvertently separated her knees when she leaned down, giving me a perfect up skirt view confirming her lack of panties. She managed to get my mind out of the gutter to go through the options for the styles, colours and materials of everything. This even included new lighting explaining it was necessary for the smart sensors. To say I was impressed was an understatement, her slit in her crotch was one of the best I had ever seen, even though I wasn't as experienced as I'd hoped I could be. The kitchen samples were good as well, but as she reached back into the bottom of her case, she bent forward a bit further and I was invited to view her magnificent breasts. The mammaries were too large to show the nipple parts as these remained in contact and held in place on the inside of her dress, but even so the down blouse view was magnificent.
Helen smiled as she went on with the information, "Now we come to our specialised custom items. The other furniture you have already has nanotechnology enhancing their functions, so too does our kitchen and dining suite. The kitchen has complete smart technology that allows you to do almost anything with food with minimal training. We provide special nanotech gloves, chef's hat and detection sensors that will have you cooking straightaway. They will provide information directly to your brain as though you are hearing or reading it.
"These gloves interact with the sensors to give you an enjoyable culinary experience. They will provide you with information about whatever you are holding, provided the item is in the database. For example you can choose information like dietary value, smell, taste, and texture of the raw food item. Then it can also let you sample what it could taste like cooked by whatever method you choose, or that it recommends. All this from just holding it. The gloves then will guide you to the preparation of the food. By guide, I mean that if you choose, it can go as far as controlling your hands to cut, peel and cook it. A bit like remote control, except you don't need a rat in your chef's hat, just the hat we provide. You could become a master chef without any training, although it helps if you know something about what is happening. You also need to exercise your hands and arms or they can hurt from being used in unaccustomed ways. Like training to enter a sports competition.
"The kitchen equipment also detects what you place in them and determines the best way to store, prepare or cook it. You could put some meat in a cupboard and it will alert you to your error, telling you it should be in the fridge or freezer. Place the meat into the oven and if it detects it is suitable for roasting then it will set itself, alerting you when the meat is cooked. Your preferences just need to be preset, easy to do if you follow the instructions on the tablet."
I was seeing more possibilities than I previously thought, "Wow, absolutely fantastic. Can I set things up to be ready when I get home, especially when I am late?"
Cynthia responded, then continued her instructions, "Yes, all possible from the controls on the tablet. The oven and cooktop can even maintain a cooler temperature during the day so your meat doesn't go off.
"Now for eating, you still need to eat like you always have done, chew properly and swallow, however we can enhance the experience using the other gloves and sensor for that purpose. This will sound odd, but you might find it better if you sit at the dinner table without pants on. The improvement of your eating experience is not just for your taste buds. The seat of your special chair is made from the same material as your other gear. If you select the sensual response then you could receive foodgasms as you eat. These can be over the entire meal, or just selected parts. Maybe you love brussel sprouts, so you pick those to give you a foodgasm. The seat cover will fold itself over your hips and crotch to produce an effect similar to your bed sheet, and also catch any and all emissions you might produce. Even if you lose total control and put out a solid, it will happily collect and absorb it then clean you up as well," she paused a moment as a shiver ran up her spine, "It can be quite an experience, very liberating."
I was totally awed.
With her order book in her hand she inquired, "So John, what did you think? I believe I have shown exactly what you were wanting. Are you prepared to make a purchase?"
Her inquisitive sexy look had me overcome as I tried to nod, even managing a weak "Yes." My mind was filled with a vision of her wide eyes looking up at me as she took my cock in her mouth. The wide eyed look changed instantly to a thousand watt smile when I agreed to buy a new kitchen. We then ironed out the details of my preferences from her sample books, and with each selection I got a grin and she concurred I had made the right choice. Her smile and little movement confirmed she was happy as it set her breasts to wobble. I couldn't help but smile in return.
By the time we were finished I was almost drooling with sexual desire. Packing up her folders and equipment back into her case was another study of controlled movement, including her clit and cleavage. I hadn't realised until now that I was sitting in my new sensory lounge chair, so everything I was witnessing was amplified accentuating the positive feelings. I later admitted to myself that she was a super salesperson who knew exactly how to make a sale.
Her leaving was another case of follow-that-butt as her hips swayed like they would hit the walls on both sides of my hallway. Her smile and long hug at the door confirmed she was pleased that I was again her customer. I was happy to have those boobs pressed against me and I took the liberty of running my hands down her body to lightly press against her butt before trailing off her hips. This confirmed she definitely had no underwear, and she even gave a nudge of her body against my crotch for good measure. She sighed deeply before saying goodbye and leaving me to my dreams.
#3
Four weeks later I spent the Monday morning at home, to allow for delivery of the materials for the kitchen. I was amazed that it looked like the same two men, one short and one tall, who made the deliveries. The workman followed soon after, and to my surprise and joy Cynthia arrived as well. Her blue dress exploited her sex appeal really well, highlighting her breasts and hips to perfection. This time she was here to oversea the workmen and make certain they had the right plans and the equipment delivered was correct.
I welcomed her and received a wonderful hug in greeting. Again I noted the smooth lines of her outfit as though there was nought beneath it except her body. Like Helen, her boobs didn't appear to require support except to reduce the sway and wobble they tended to do when she moved. Checking the boxes was a delight for me as she bent every which way, allowing perfect views of her cleavage and butt. One electrical appliance needed the serial and model number confirmed which meant she had to squirm around several other items stored around it. The information was on a plate near the floor and the resultant view of her crotch as she was on her back with knees apart was sublime. Her slit was different, but no less gorgeous than Helen's had been. Not sure why I was being treated like this, but who was I to complain.
It was two weeks of disruption. The tradesmen worked each day while I could hide at work, but every night was an exercise in trying to do normal things without a kitchen. Meals were relatively easy, either eating at cafes or take-aways at home with only throw out rubbish. Even getting a drink of water had to be different as I got it from my bathroom sink instead of the kitchen as was my usual way. Easy to do, just had to change my habits, especially after arriving at the kitchen in the middle of the night to find nothing there. Being somewhat lazy and habitual by nature I tended to dine at the same cafe close to home, trying all their main meals on the menu. I even got to know the first name of all the staff. Unfortunately my luck ran out again as it was owned and operated by a few married couples. I flirted with the women, who were all married, but kept it very overt and easy to see I was just having fun.
Two weeks eventually went by and my new kitchen and dining area were superb, everything I had hoped and expected. It wasn't cheap, but what else am I spending money on. Cynthia turned up to inspect the work, get my approval and carry out the handover. She was again in blue, but this time it was a short skirt and blouse combination, both very snug fitting showing her shapely figure to perfection. Receiving a hug in greeting made me feel great, and could feel her charms pressing against my chest.
"I must say Cynthia the kitchen is magnificent, even better than I envisaged."
"Thank you Bob. Always a great feeling to have our work appreciated. It did turn out well, and the tradesmen did a great job. Let's go through everything, starting with a check that there are no unwanted marks, scratches and it all works as it is meant to."
We did that, Cynthia tried everything as I watched. She went from drawer to door to switch and dial. It was a treat as she reached high for some things, then squatted for others. She had to bend to check the insides of the fridge and oven, which was a magnificent sight to behold.
I almost laughed when she was standing beside the island and called me over to stand with her, repeating the actions of before but this time without the tablet. Holding her close to me with my arms tight around her waist. My cock began flaccid, but was soon hard buried between her butt cheeks. I even took the liberty of slipping my hands up a bit higher to touch her underboob. She was holding my arms with her hands, but never tried to stop my position change. She even seemed to tighten her hold slightly, shifting my arms a bit higher than where I stopped to almost support the underside of her breasts.
After a full circle we paused, standing still, looking at a bare wall. I was enjoying it so much that bare wall looked like the best million dollar view anyone could find. Cynthia remained leaning against me with her head resting against my chest, it was turned slightly to touch her forehead to the side of my jaw. It was like having a girlfriend cuddling me, the best feeling possible for me, even though I knew it was just her way for customer relations. It was a full three minutes before she gave a sigh and moved away from me, even keeping hold of my arms as she dropped hers to her side causing me to stroke her body from chest to hips before having to release her grip. Not feeling her underwear was a real bonus for the lonely guy that I am.
"So Bob, if you are happy with it, can you sign the completion certificate."
"Happy to Cynthia, but what about the custom package? You haven't shown me that yet."
"No problems Bob, that comes next. This form is just for the construction work," she watched me sign before continuing as she put the form into her case, then pull out a package, "Thanks Bob. Now here is where the fun begins. The box on the bench top there contains a tablet loaded with all the cooking tips and recipes you would ever need. It has demonstrations by all the best chefs. The box also contains the sensors and has a little cameras in it. That needs to be set up, on its adjustable stand wherever you are preparing food, and a second one for the table where you would be eating.
"In this package which you can open are pairs of gloves, one for cooking and another for eating, and a chef's hat for when you are cooking. They are made from the same material as your sheets and lounge cover."
She then spent time going through a lot of the user information, some was what Helen had already told me.
"Now like your other purchases you just need to clean it regularly with our special product and you will get years of trouble free use. All of this is more fully explained in the help app on the tablet."
I let her know I appreciated her instructions, "Thanks for the rundown on this. Helen let me know about some of this, just enough to wet my appetite," getting a smile form Cynthia.
Clearly things were coming to the end as Cynthia began packing everything back into her case. I sat there watching her carefully clear things away. She always slowly bent down so her top gaped allowing me to view her drooping cleavage. This time, however, she dropped a folder to the floor and reached to grab it. Her sudden motion got her boobs wobbling nicely and to top it off she had one nipple plop out over the neckline. I was loving the unexpected nip slip, it was an absolutely perfect circle and nub. I really wanted to reach out to touch and feel it, hold it in my hands until I could bring my mouth to suckle on it. But she soon had it back in its place and shielded from my view. I even caught her smirking, knowing exactly what had happened. To complete the clean up she reached a bit further having to lift off from her seat to be on her feet to pick up a loose sheet of paper. It was just far enough out of reach that I got a perfect view as her skirt rose to show the bottom of her butt cheeks. They were a real treat, but if that was not enough she spread her legs a bit more to let her camel toe peak out at me. It seemed to give me a wink.
Finally she stood to face me with a half smile as she noted my flushed features and shortness of breath. She looked very pleased with herself, I had to agree with that she should.
She left me to my new toys with a wonderful full body hug, including a little grinding against my hard cock. Her look as she went out the door could have said out loud, "Mission accomplished!"
I couldn't wait to test my cooking prowess and testing out that foodgasm.
~~~~~
Thanks for reading.
If this isn't enough, I have more adventures in home renovations you won't find on HGTV.
I think Bob is getting horny enough to need some real sex. A guy can take just so much teasing!
-GfG