Sue was moving to a new home along with her whole family, parents, older sister Christina and younger brother Andrew, it was her father's fault he had been promoted and now they were all moving away from the city she had grown up in and down to a small village in rural England.
The village had one pub and the nearest shop was a twenty minute walk away, what was she going to do. It was at least only a short bus ride from the Kent coast which had a few good beaches.
Sue was nearly nineteen, she had left school having done poorly it wasn't that she was not intelligent just that she could only really concentrate on things that she enjoyed. She was for example a very good swimmer, she had been swimming since she was young and because she enjoyed it she put effort in. At that point the list of useful things she was good at stopped, she was good at shopping, and good at socialising, her boyfriend Scott said she was good at a lot of things all of them rude.
Scott was one of the reasons that she was angry at her father, she was sure that she was in love but Scott had said the distance was too far, he didn't drive and of course they were nowhere near a railway station either, so a new home with no friends and not even a boyfriend great!
Sues parents sat in the front of the car, Sue was squashed between her siblings, nearly there now her father said as they passed through yet more fields and trees. They passed a quaint pub and pulled into a gravel driveway a few 100 yards further up the lane, a bright SOLD board on the edge of the road.
The removal men had already delivered the furniture and boxes, bedrooms had been allocated from the online virtual walk through, the house was lovely although Sue wasn't going to admit that. Her room had en-suite shower and toilet as well as a dressing room. Once in doors the family split up heading for their own rooms, they had agreed during the drive down that they would all spend some time unpacking before going to the pub for the evening meal.
Sue closed her bedroom door behind her, she was cramped from the journey wedged between her sister and her brother and just wanted to be alone for a while, she found her docking station and plugged her iPhone in to play some tunes, not too loud or her parents would moan as always.
Sue noticed that the large bedroom picture window faced the neighbour's house, she was towards the back of the building and could see down into the rear garden, there was a decent sized pool and a covered hot tub next door, Sue was instantly jealous, why had her father not got a place with a pool.
Sue spent an hour putting clothes into the mirrored wardrobes in her dressing room, it was at an angle from her bedroom, making an L shape, a small window over looked her own back garden, without a pool she thought.
Her mum called that they would be leaving soon for the pub, everyone shower and change we will leave in 30 minutes. Sue was wearing shorts and a spaghetti strapped top, she turned on the shower pleased to see it was good and powerful her dirty clothes she put in the wicker hamper before she walked into the large shower.
Sue was sure that she had seen someone in the window opposite hers as she left the shower wrapped in a towel, but looking now she could see no one. That's a shame she thought imagine if it was a hot guy over there who would watch me as I changed.
Sue often had fantasies almost always about exposing herself and being watched, she had on several occasions gone out wearing nothing under her coat the thrill bringing her close to orgasm when she did, and she often went without underwear but she had never taken things anywhere near as far as her mind would go in her fantasies.
Sue thought about changing in front of the window, just dropping her towel to the floor and dressing in plain view, as always the thought made her pussy wet but she didn't carry it through, instead she selected a fairly short skirt and a white tee shirt which she put on in the bathroom as there were no curtains up at the windows yet. She did decide to go without underwear as she knew it would make her horney and a masturbating session before bed always helped her sleep she thought to herself.
Sue walked downstairs careful to keep her skirt from rising as she walked, her sister as always was the last to be ready. Once Christina was ready the family walked to the pub only a few minutes away. Sue felt naughty as she always did when she went without underwear, the cool evening was making her nipples hard and she knew people would be able to notice them through her thin tee shirt, it always made her laugh that her father avoided looking at her at all when her nipples showed but her little brother just stared at them. Already Sue could feel her pussy was seeping moisture and by the time they reached the pub she felt really horney.
It all started to go wrong for Sue almost as soon as they got inside the old fashioned pub. The table was not ready yet, so the family sat up at the bar. As Sue climbed up on to the red padded leather seat of the high bar stool, she flashed the barman, not a little subtle flash he may have missed no, her hand bag caught on her skirt and she lifted the front of her skirt high enough that he must have seen all the way up to her belly button.
He didn't say a word but he did glance in her direction repeatedly. Sue was scarlet with embarrassment luckily no one else had seen, Sue sat looking down she could feel the heat in her cheeks but mostly the heat from her pussy. She had often imagined doing exactly what she had just done by accident, but now she had actual done it she couldn't stop thinking about what had happened. Her pussy was soaking wet and Sue could feel her nipples throb almost painfully, there was no escaping it the accidental flash had her turned on far more than anything she had ever experienced.
Once they were seated at their table Sue couldn't help glancing in the direction of the barman, he was cute and around her age, she also noticed that he too was checking her out. Sue could see that his eyes kept dropping to below the table obviously he now knew she wore nothing below her skirt he had just seen a brief glimpse of her smoothly shaven pussy. Sue wondered if she could do it again this time on purpose, she could still feel the moistness at the top of her legs.
The next time she saw him look her way Sue parted her legs, just a little he probably couldn't see much if anything under the table, but with her knees about six inches apart she was finding it very easy to hold his attention. Sue on her second glass of wine by now decided to do something she had only fantasised about before, she opened her legs wide, she could see from his facial expression that the barman now could see plenty, Sue made herself hold her position and slowly counted to ten in her head before slowly closing her legs again.
Sue didn't dare to look at the man again, she could feel that her pussy was soaking wet and her clit was begging for some attention. Once she had finished her meal the family left together to continue moving in to their new home. As soon as they had returned home Sue went straight to her room saying she needed to sort more stuff out. Sue dug deeply in a box to find her collection of dildos and vibrators, they had been hidden away and Sue had missed them for the last few weeks since she had needed to pack them. Sat in her padded arm chair with her skirt pulled up to her waist Sue began to rub her favourite dildo up and down her slit, still wet from earlier it wasn't long before the fat rubber head was being pushed into her dripping hole. Sue fucked herself to a fast climax before she hid away her toys again and continued to unpack. Sue knew she would need a more leisurely session soon but wary of being caught with everyone still up that would have to wait, the quick fuck had at least taken the edge off.
Andrews's bedroom was in the cellar, at some point the previous owners had made the cellar in to a habitable room, he had plenty of space for his PC and he was sort of separate from the rest of the family which he quite liked, there was a wooden staircase down but it creaked so much he could hear anyone coming. He had a large cupboard at one end of the cellar, it was while he was hanging up his clothes that he spotted the handle and realised the back of the cupboard was a door, Andrew had to search around but he soon found a hidden latch, with the latch undone the small door swung open.
Inside he found a small room, a string pull turned on the dim overhead light, although they were dusty, Andrew counted eight TV screens in two banks of four, there was a PC and a console with marked up controls. After a quick search below the desk, Andrew found the socket and turned on the power a minute later and the screens came to life, he had a view of almost every room except his, but the one he noticed first was his sisters, Sue was fucking herself fast and hard with a rubber cock. He felt his cock quickly swell at the sight, as he watched he slowly rubbed his now rock hard cock. Andrew found he could zoom in and even pan around the room using the console. Disappointingly Sue had finished within two minutes of him turning on the machine, Andrew set about checking out the other rooms, his mum was unpacking in the kitchen while his father was in their bedroom, and Christina was unpacking clothes in her room all very boring Andrew thought but the memory of his sister fucking herself was a pleasant one and was now etched on his brain, he would be wanking to that picture later on.
He also had views of en-suite's and bathrooms all he had to do was press a button and he could follow people around the house, with everyone busy Andrew played with his new found equipment the quality was excellent HD, even when he zoomed in there was no distortion he wasn't getting much work done and was about to start when he watched his eldest sister Christina turn on her shower, Andrew zoomed in as she stripped off her clothes, he noticed that she like Sue was smooth no pussy hair, the shower extract fan kept his camera surprisingly free of steam as he watched his sister wash herself, Christina was very like Sue, maybe a little taller and smaller in the tits department. When she had dried herself Christina wrapped up in a dressing gown and carried on sorting through boxes.
Andrew thought he had better get some work done himself before he got told off by his mum, he was careful to turn everything off and latch the door again, he then set about making the door even more difficult to find by hanging his clothes up, something he had hardly ever done before.
The next morning Sue sat at the breakfast table wrapped in a short silky dressing gown, her parents were out, dad off to work and her mum shopping as the cupboards were bare. Sue couldn't stop thinking about the day before and her flashing the barman, with her toast and OJ finished she headed back towards her room, not even noticing that her brother almost ran towards his room.
Once inside her room Sue locked the door and keeping away from the windows she removed her robe, standing naked she peered towards her neighbour's house knowing that she was far enough back in the room that she couldn't be seen. Although she trembled slightly she wasn't even close to experiencing the feelings that she had yesterday when exposed at the bar and below the pubs table.
Andrew watched as his sister stood naked near her bedroom door, he had no idea what she was doing, but she was naked. As he watched Sue took one step then another towards the large window, Andrew tracked her with the camera, he now knew that they were hidden inside the smoke detectors of the house.
Sue stood still again, she could feel her excitement rising knowing that she could get caught but still not the sudden rush she had yesterday. As she crept yet another step closer Andrew realised what she was doing. She wants to be seen, as he watched Sue reached the end of her bravery and stepped away from the window, having never gotten close enough to be seen from outside.
Andrew watched his sister carefully over the next few days, he watched her dress and knew that she was often without underwear, he watched her as she played dare at her window, without ever being very daring. He watched her when she masturbated stroking himself as he watched. Andrew was clever, and only a little younger than his sister he thought that he knew what the problem was Sue needed to be pushed, forced if you will to do what she didn't have the courage to do herself.
Andrew created a false email account and sent his sister a message, he hoped she wouldn't wonder how a stranger had got her email address but he thought he would be OK as Sue wasn't very good with technology. The email read,
I have been watching you at your window, you may think that no one could see you but I could.
Make sure you add me to your messenger and I will send you instructions, if you do not do as I say I will send the photos I have taken of you parading naked at your window to your parents and other neighbours before I share them on line so that everyone can see.
Andrew was pleased with his message, only someone who had seen her could know she was naked, and signing as the anonymous "A" made him smile, Andrew pressed send and then set up his new messenger account on his phone. Andrew watched as his sister read the message he had just sent, she first looked panicked then she read it again and walked up and down glancing at the windows as she did. Andrew knew how she thought, she would come to the conclusions he expected her to, it may take a while though she wasn't the brightest girl in the world.
Eventually Sue slumped into her arm chair, Andrew knew he was winning and so sent the next message this time using the instant messenger which would go straight to her phone.
I assume by now you have decided which way you want to go, please strip completely naked and stand in front of the window where you were before, if I do not see you in 5 minutes I will begin to send out your naked pictures, who first your father or brother?
As she read the message her heart was racing, she could feel that even though she was scared her pussy was throbbing and her nipples were painfully hard, her only on purpose flash at the pub had been a short up skirt flash under the table in almost darkness, now she was about to strip naked in day light. She knew she would do it, partly she told herself because she didn't want the photos being sent, but mostly because she was finding it difficult to resist "A" she was very much enjoying being told what to do.
Andrew watched as his sister stood, and carefully removed her clothes she was almost robotic as she folded each item and placed it on a chair, once naked she paused for only a second before walking to the approximate spot she had stood in before which was the closest she had ever been to the large window while naked. Now she was stood there she waited surprised at how hot she was. The large window was floor to ceiling glass, she trembled as she thought of someone watching her.
Her phone beeped;walk to the window, don't stop until you are at the glass, then put your hands behind your back and stand with your feet apart.
Slowly after a deep breath Sue walked forwards, one, two then three steps bought her to within inches of the glass. Sue could now look out over the neighbour's garden, no one was there again, Sue looked up at the matching picture window on the neighbouring house guessing "A" must be watching from the darkness.
With her hands clasped behind her back which pushed her firm breasts forwards Sue stood knowing now that she was being watched.
Beep; I said feet apart please obey my instructions closely if you wish to avoid the spreading of your pictures, by the way the ones I am taking now are much better thank you, now show me your cunt.
Sue gasped as she read, that was a word she had never used herself, but having such a forceful instruction even by messenger had her pussy almost dripping, she parted her feet as instructed feeling a trickle of her own juices descend down her inner thigh as she did.
Andrew was rock hard; he had his cock out and was wanking slowly as he watched his sister, one more step for now he thought as he pressed send.
Beep; Pull your chair up to the window, sit down and spread your legs, I want to watch as you make yourself cum.
Sue was shocked she had never even masturbated for a boyfriend to watch let alone a stranger, she did masturbate a lot but always in private. The flood of pussy juices on reading the instruction made up her mind, she dragged the chair over to the window.
Andrew watched as his sister moved her chair, he was momentarily confused when she went to her wardrobe until her saw her with a thick dildo in her hand. He had only thought she would use her fingers but obviously his sister had other ideas.
Sue sat in the chair she wasn't thinking at all she was just following instructions. It wasn't her fault she was doing this she had no choice, with her legs over the soft padded arms, her pussy was spread wide open and she was dripping wet. Normally she would have to play with herself to get wet enough for her toys, especially the bigger ones. After a brief feel she plunged the rubber cock straight in to her pussy rising to meet it as she shuddered to a climax on the first stroke.
Her instructions had been until she came but Sue had forgotten that, she had never been so wet or so horney. With her legs spread Sue began to fuck herself with her dildo, the other hand she used to rub at her extremely sensitive clit, with her eyes closed Sue didn't even notice the man arrive next door.
He had just started to clean the pool when he spotted Sue at the window, he quickly checked that no one else was around, he already knew that the house was empty as it nearly always was, it was only used as a holiday home by the owners for a few weeks each year. Mike the pool guy put his hand inside his shorts and began to wank in time with the girl at the window.
Mike watched the girl, he could see her clearly from the pools edge, his main focus was a smooth completely shaven pussy, he could see that she had very flesh lips that were currently being separated by a very thick rubber cock. Her breasts were very nice a good C cup, hard dark pink nipples topped them, she had shoulder length dark brown hair wavy and thick. It was difficult to judge her face as she was screwing her face up obviously enjoying the moment. As Sue began to buck upwards ramming the dildo in deep and hard Mike felt his own orgasm coming, pulling free of his shorts he was just about to cum when the girl locked eyes with him.
Sue was about to cum, the huge orgasm building up made her gasp and cry out loud, she opened her eyes momentarily worried that someone may have heard her, instead she found herself looking into the eyes of someone in the next garden, the man was tall and blond he was wanking his very large cock as he watched her, it was enough to send her over the edge and with a squeal she came, spraying the glass with her cum as she squirted for the first time.
Beep: clean the window before you dress, by the way I have noticed you often go without underwear, please collect up every bra and every pair of panties you own, put them in one of the packing boxes then put the box on the bonfire in the back garden with the others. Once the fire has been started I will send further instructions.
Sue still in a haze of orgasmic bliss noticed there was no one outside, had she imagined that man watching her from beside the pool? Was that her mystery message sender?
Sue followed the instruction within the last message automatically, she slipped on a skirt and top and carried the box outside. Her brother Andrew was carrying his empty boxes to the fire as well, you OK sis he asked, you are looking a bit pale. Sue muttered that she was fine, she put her box on the heap at the end of the garden, Andrew added his and taking a box of matches from his pocket he set light to the corner of several cardboard boxes. Sue stood back and watched as all of her underwear went up in flames, she noticed that Andrew seemed happy as she watched him walk back towards the house.
Andrew needed to get Sue out of the house, he had found a few spare cameras in a box under the desk in his little hiding place, he had been unable to watch his sister masturbate properly as the chair obscured his view, a few more cameras should resolve that.
Beep; wearing as little as you dare go to the pub, have at least two drinks don't rush and make sure you show as much skin as possible. Be the slut you know you are. I will assess your outfit and should it not be slutty enough I will make suggestions for the next time.
Andrew watched as his sister went through her clothes, Sue really didn't have slutty, she was normal and sensible, she found an old skirt that she had probably grown out of, it was elasticated at the waist so would still fit around her. She slid the skirt up her legs and stood in front of her mirror, she was still topless. The skirt had always been short but Sue had always worn leggings or thick black tights with it she had also grown since she last wore it, on its own it only just covered her bare pussy.
She was about to take the skirt off to try something more acceptable when she realised that her pussy was already dribbling again just at the thought of the skirt without the benefit of underwear, leaving it on Sue looked for a top. She had a lot of tops but ended up putting on one she had never worn before, she had bought it in a sale and it was a size to small, the silky material was very clingy and had showed every line of her bra below, worn as it was now Sue could see every detail of her nipples which were very hard at the moment, it also did very little to hide the shape of her breasts, clinging like a second skin it left very little to the imagination, slipping on her coat Sue called down to her brother that she was going for a walk.
Andrew was ready, as soon as the door closed behind his sister he was running for her room, tools and cameras in a small bag, he had already downloaded the installation guide and having discovered that the cameras were wireless it wouldn't take long to install them then the rest he could do from the safety of his cupboard.
Andrew managed to place four more cameras around his sisters room, he had even managed to lean out of the fan light and fix one to the soffit outside of the big picture window looking back in at where the chair still sat, someone may think it odd to see a smoke detector there but he knew his sister wouldn't even notice it.
Andrew quickly ran to the pub, he didn't go in but instead, went to the beer garden, he found a place he could watch his sister from, as she stood at the bar inside with a drink in her hand.
Beep; Why is your coat on still, I did say wearing as little as you dare; now I need to punish you coat off first though.
Sue nervously looked around once she had read the message, is he here? Besides from the barman a different one thank god, there were two old guys sat at the bar drinking a few stools along from her, other than that the place was deserted, it was after all not even lunchtime.
Sue stood up and shrugged off her coat leaving it draped over the stool next to her, she knew her nipples would be clearly viable. Already she had attracted the attention of the barman with her poking out nipples, all she had to do was remain standing, climbing onto the stool in this skirt was a very bad idea.
Beep;
As soon as she heard the message tone Sue knew what was coming, she glanced at the barman hoping he had diverted his attention, no such luck, on a quiet day with not much to do her nipples were keeping him very attentive, Sue checked the message.
Sit up on the stool, do not look down at yourself but make sure your pussy is on view, you are to engage in conversation with the bar staff if they talk to you. You may only cover up if he complains or asks you to.
Sue was shaking as she tried to carefully climb onto the stool, she could feel the hem of her skirt tight across her thighs as she lifted herself, she avoided looking at the barman staring at the bottles behind the bar instead, it was the longest two seconds of her life.
Sue could feel the cold of the fake leather barstool on her bottom, she didn't need to look to know her whole pubic area was on display, her knees tightly closed at least meant she wasn't displaying her lips and slit. The barman came over leaning almost across the whole bar before asking if he could get her something. Sue could feel her pussy leaking, there would be a very obvious wet patch when she stood up.
She could hear the tremor in her own voice as she asked for a vodka and orange, maybe it would help her shattered nerves.
Beep; are your legs together?
It was the first time she had needed to respond, so far only instructions had been received.
Yes
Using her phone Sue had been unable to resist a glance down, she could see a triangle of pale skin below her skirt, and the barman certainly knew that she was shaved.
Beep; you are a slut, act like one, open your legs show him what you have got down there.
As the barman returned with her drink again he leant over, so are you one of those just moved in to the big house?
Sue nodded and just about croaked a yes; the barman wasn't looking at her face he was focused on the small triangle of white skin. The small triangle slowly changed, as Sue slowly let her legs part, she felt her skirt ride even higher as it was forced to by her widening thighs Sue started to cum, a very gentle shuddering and her hands gripping the bar tightly was all that gave her away no one noticed, except for Andrew, the very attentive barman was just watching in amazement unsure of exactly what was happening.
Sue was now displayed fully she knew her wetness would have caused her pussy lips to part as that always happened, she knew the barman could see passed her fleshy lips to her pink interior and she also knew that she was loving every second of it.
Having got over the initial fear Sue was enjoying the sensation of her first up close flash, a total stranger was staring at her shaved wet hole, Sue downed her drink feeling the burn of the strong alcohol before standing and walking in to the toilets. Once inside she leaned against the cubicle door and dragged a finger along the length of her dripping slit a few gentle circles of her hard clit and she shuddered to a very strong climax.
Once she had regained some strength in her legs she walked back to her bar stool, with much less care than the first time Sue climbed back on to the stool. The second she sat down her knees parted and the bar man looked directly at her bare and soaking wet pussy, after her very recent masturbation session she knew her pussy lips were opened up like a flower.
The barman placed a fresh drink on the bar, another vodka and orange he didn't ask for any payment, but he also didn't move away from where he stood separated only by the width of the bar from her smooth dripping pussy.
Beep
You have the attention of the barman I see, from the blush on your cheeks you are obviously enjoying yourself. Before you leave play with your pussy a little, up to you how long but once you start you may as well enjoy.
Sue glanced up at the barman, he was still looking at her slit, one of the old men further up the bar called him over for another round, separated from her by an old oak post they wouldn't be able to see what she was doing. Sue had an idea, this was the first time she had felt like this it may also be the last, and she would carry out the instruction but with a slight change. Picking up her coat she returned to the toilets, she quickly stripped off her clothes stuffing them in to her coat pocket before covering her nakedness with the coat.
As she approached her barstool she could see the look of disappointment on the barman's face now that she was covered up, making sure that she wasn't sat on her coat Sue got back on to the stool. Making sure the barman was watching her she took a mouthful of her drink, she put the glass on the bar and undid one of the six buttons that held her coat together. Twice more Sue went through the same routine drink then button, with the third button undone Sue knew that the barman should be able to see that she no longer had her top on.
Sue watched as the barman realised what was happening, he took one look at the now empty glass and almost at a run refilled it. She was having fun, she started at the bottom this time and copied the same routine, she soon had her pussy uncovered again and the last mouthful left just one button keeping her covered up, it was now plainly obvious she was naked except for the coat. She pushed her empty glass back towards the barman, his trousers were tented and knowing that she was causing his very obvious erection just added fuel to her fire.
Sue downed the drink in one, she could feel the buzz of the alcohol having never been a drinker, placing the glass on the bar she reached for the last button, with a shrug of her shoulders the coat fell down her back stopping only when it caught at her elbows.
Sue was almost cumming, she sat as good as naked in a public bar the barman was staring at her his hand unconsciously rubbing his cock through his trousers, Sue knew she was out of sight of the two old men and the front door, she lowered her hands and shuddered to a climax as her coat dropped to the floor leaving her completely naked, now she could carry out the instructions she had received.
With her legs splayed wide apart Sue began to rub her pussy, she had never felt so wet or as aroused as she was right now she had only just cum but very quickly she was approaching another climax, she knew as it built up this was going to be a big one, with one hand playing with her slit and the other grasping her own breasts and nipples Sue came, squirting for the second time in her life as she did so.
On very unsteady legs, partly alcohol and partly from coming so hard Sue slipped her coat on and without fastening it she walked out of the pub, she had drunk more than two drinks that she was instructed to drink and now she was stumbling home, her legs were like jelly and all Sue could think of was that she needed to come again. The barman carefully to hide a very obvious bulge in his trousers slipped into the staff toilet to relieve himself.
Andrew followed at a safe distance he now knew that his sister would apparently do anything he asked or rather told her to do, he waited for a few minutes before following her inside, Sue was nowhere he could see so he went to his control centre as he now liked to think of it.
Sue was in the shower, Andrew watched as she held the shower head to her pussy, she was holding her lips apart with one hand so that the warm spray could hit her clit directly, as Andrew watched he thought of a plan that would let him actually fuck his sister.
Andrew had only just turned 18, he was only ten months younger than his sister Sue, although he could never remember not knowing his family he knew that he was adopted, his real parents had both died in a car crash when he was still a baby he had grown up only knowing his current family.
Unlike Sue who was always popular Andrew had always been a geek, not popular with the girls he was still a virgin although like most men his age he would never admit that. He had like his sister enjoyed swimming, and he knew that under his baggy tee shirts he was ripped, his cock was an impressive 9 inches when hard, and he intended to give Sister Sue every inch tonight.
He knew he would have to wait until dark, just to be safe, so while he waited he messaged one of his friends, having spotted the cameras in the pub Andrew set about finding out how to hack them, he could then monitor Sue from safety rather than risk getting caught. Her display in the pub had been impressive and he wished he could have got that on to a disc to watch again, maybe he could encourage Sue to do a repeat show.
Andrew was trying to strike a deal with Alan, he knew the way to hack but as always wanted something from Andrew in the past this help would have cost him a Big Mc meal, now more than 100 miles away, that wouldn't work, Andrew knew his friend had a thing for Sue most of his friends did, Andrew offered a nude picture of his sister in payment, Alan agreed instantly.
Andrew spent the afternoon and evening making sure that the extra cameras in sues room where fully operational and then, he followed the instructions from Alan, he now also had internet access to the pubs cameras, two in the bar, one in the snooker room and one in the lobby outside of the toilet doors.
He waited until it was dark before he slipped into the garden dropping more boxes on the fire before checking that no one else was around, he painted a red stripe next to a gate he had found between the neighbours garden and theirs, once back inside he joined the rest of the family for the evening meal. Andrew saw that Sue had changed her clothes her nipples less obvious and she wore jogging bottoms, he would have to sort out her wardrobe he thought to himself.
Once the meal was over, the family as always went their own ways, his parents still sorting out things the three siblings had their own things to do. Andrew watched on the hidden monitors as his parents settled down for the night, and Christina went to bed, Sue was laying on her bed listening to music and thinking about the pub today. A little after 10:30 he slipped out of the house and down the garden into the neighbours and hid behind the gate after leaving something hanging on a nail near the red stripe.
Beep; wearing just your dressing gown, walk to the end of the garden and stand with your back to the fence, you will see a red stripe painted on the fence further instructions will follow.
Andrew watched as his sister approached, she looked nervous in the dark but she had come and she stood as instructed. Andrew pressed send on the first of his prepared messages.
Beep; hang your gown over the fence behind you, then put on the blindfold hanging up to your right then kneel. Once you have done this I will join you. You will do whatever I guide you to do, you will not speak and you will remain on your knees after I leave until you hear another message arrive.
Through the gaps between the boards Andrew watched his sister as she followed his instructions. With his sister naked and on her knees Andrew opened the gate and stood in front of his sister, like her he was naked, unlike her he had a massive hard on. Andrew rubbed the swollen head of his cock across her lips, leaving a trail of pre cum as he did. Andrew knew he was going to cum quickly he also knew he would stay hard, he could come three times sometimes without losing his hardness between.
Pushing against his sisters lips she opened her mouth allowing him access, slowly Sue sucked his cock deeper into her mouth, Andrew realised his sister was a practiced cock sucker as she swallowed his whole 9 inches into her throat, as Sue reached up and began to caress his balls Andrew groaned and squirted his cum into his sisters mouth, she swallowed greedily at his warm offering.
Pulling Sue to her feet he positioned her so that she was facing the fence leaning forwards onto her hands, with her feet wide apart, Andrew stood close behind her, his cock still hard, but first he wanted to play, reaching between his sisters legs he felt the puffy folds of flesh he had seen on the screen, her cunt was dripping wet, parting her flesh he slipped two fingers easily into her wet hole. Sue groaned and pushed down grinding on the intruding fingers, Andrew added a third finger and began to finger fuck his sister, hard and fast he fingered her until she stood trembling as she climaxed.
Andrew knew he would be able to take his time on another occasion tonight he just wanted to fuck, he had worried his sister may try to peep but she had made no attempt to do that. Positioning Sue on all fours Andrew knelt down behind her, aiming his swollen cock at the dripping slit between his sister's legs he pushed forwards until he was hard up behind her.
Andrew fucked his sister hard and fast using every bit of strength and fitness he had built up during years of swimming. His first fuck was going to be memorable.
Sue was in heaven, she had fucked Scott but he had been her first, she had always gotten away with only giving blow jobs before she had gone out with Scott. She liked sucking cock and knew she was quite good at it. But Scott had never fucked her like this, he normally came in a few minutes, several times he hadn't even got inside her squirting his seed on her belly instead. This man was fucking her good, she collapsed as she came again but still he fucked her, Sue was actually chewing the grass of her parent's lawn as she was fucked hard and fast by a cock that felt every bit as big as her dildo.
Finally she felt her lover trembling and the pounding sped up until with one deep thrust she felt her pussy fill with hot spunk, with the cock removed soon after Sue was positioned on her knees again, she could feel spunk running down her legs and she could taste the strange mixture of cum and grass in her mouth.
In the darkness she waited until she heard.
Beep;
you may now go home, put the blindfold back where you found it. That will be all for tonight but I will have further instructions tomorrow. A.
Sue stood up her legs still shaking, she hung up the blindfold on its nail and realised her gown had gone. As she approached the house she saw that the rear door which she had left by had the lights on, naked she peeped through the window and saw Andrew sat reading a book, fuck she thought and went to check the front door knowing it would be locked, it was.
Beep; just walk in stand at the door once inside and say hi to your brother before you go to your room.
I can't he's my brother.
Beep; if you don't I will send him this.
Attached was a picture of her with a big fat cock in her mouth wearing nothing but a blindfold obviously just taken tonight.
In ten seconds I send it so decide which fast.
As Sue walked back towards the rear door she could only think about how nice that cock had looked, she paused for maybe a second at the door before walking in, closing the door behind her Sue faced her brother naked and filthy with cum on her face, she could still feel cum oozing down her legs which her brother to had noticed.
Sue said Hi as instructed, as she was about to walk away and upstairs her brother snapped a picture on his mobile phone, Sue wanted to argue but she also didn't want to stand in front of her brother naked it was so wrong, Sue ran for her room.
Andrew realised that tonight couldn't have worked out any better, he went to his room, stripped naked and lay on his bed.
Back in her own room, she showered and went to bed, lying awake for a while thinking about what had happened to her today. Sue knew she was A,s slut completely as soon as she began to masturbate thinking about how good his cock had felt inside of her, she fell asleep while still rubbing her tender clit.