I have been looking forward to this night for a while, Rich my husband, had been arranging my birthday experience. I knew it was going to be special, he had spent a few weeks organising it and I knew he was getting very excited about the whole thing.
We have been married for about a year now and we have a great sex life. In the past few months we have been experimenting, exploring and finding out a lot about each other and what we like and don't. I found out, to my surprise, that I love being a sub. We had played a few role playing games, with me being in the submissive and Rich had a lot of fun playing with me and seeing how far he could go. Not to mention Rich having a lot of fun in the process.
To help in my transformation, from me to this role playing lady, I called myself Victoria and Rich would put a sexy collar around my neck. So when Rich came to me and placed this simple thing on my neck, it was like flicking a simple switch inside me, transforming me into my alter ego, Victoria. I felt free, sexy and very naughty.
On a few occasions, we took Victoria out of our house and she would wear very revealing outfits and getting lots of looks and attention, a lot more than I would ever get, and somehow I felt free and naughty, a lot more when I am Victoria than I am with myself. The thing that surprised me, I received attention from both the men and the women. It was I realised I was an exhibitionist as well. When we were out, I felt safe with Rich and when I knew he was watching and that made me even naughtier. When I was out as Victoria and we got home, both of us were very excited and the sex afterward, was awesome. Jeez, out of this world.
So, after a few weeks of anticipation, my birthday evening came, we went for a wonderful meal, had some wine and champagne, so by the time we got home I was a little tipsy. I had spent a lot of time getting ready and my hairdresser and some over the day before and had spent 5 hours on my hair, so I felt wonderful. It was not long and full, flowing over my shoulders in nice curves and I felt like a model.
I was excited as I knew that meal was not the main event and I was waiting for my experience, as he called it. It was 11pm and we got home and he took me straight to our bedroom upstairs, Rich looked at his watch, took me by the hand and took me to the spare bedroom. There, on the bed, was a nice white box with a lovely white ribbon tied around it.
Rich then said," Open you're gift my love, don't leave the room and I will be back for you soon." Giving me a kiss on the cheek before he left.
I opened the lovely white box and found some sexy lingerie inside. I could see it was a maids outfit, but not any maids outfit it was a very sexy one and obviously expensive. I got undressed and I started to put my sext outfit on, so I started with the white thong, it was mainly string and a little triangle of transparent material that just about covered my smooth pussy. Next I put on the white fishnet holdups, nice and long to cover my slim long legs. These looked wonderful and went all the way up to the top of my legs.
I picked up the very short black silk mini skirt, "Girl," I thought. "It didn't even cover my firm round booty.I bet he wants me to bend over," I thought with a smile.
I took the white lace pinafore and as there was no bra, the pinafore just about covered my firm, ample breasts.
I looked in the mirror and saw, in front of me a very sexy maid. I looked at the view from the front the side, mmm, Rich will get a revealing view of my tits and if I leaned forward , well, my now erect, large black nipples were for all to see. Rich, forever the organiser, had placed one of my black high heeled Louboutin shoes beside the package.
I stood in front of the mirror and placed a little white laced maid cap on, making the outfit complete. I looked in the long mirror, in front of me was the sexiest maid I had ever seen. I did not recognise myself, this black maid, with long shiny black legs, covered by white stockings, the white pinafore, that just about covering my pert full breasts. I turned to the side and saw my firm booty, the skirt high above my round cheeks so when I bent over slightly, I exposing my round ass. I looked at the rear view, I bent really low, I could see my now wet and swollen lips, not even covered by my thong, just a shift string emphasising the gap of my swollen lips. God this was so sexy, Rich did well, "Shit.... there is no way I would let anyone but Rich would see me in this,,,, shit its knockout," I thought.
"Now, when is Rich going to come in and have his fun? What is he going to do?" I thought. I could feel my pussy get moist, just thinking about what may happen later.
Rich walked in and stopped, his mouth dropped. He stood there for a few seconds, motionless, all he did was just look at me, his eyes looking up and down, drinking in every curve and crevice. "Fuck girl, you look wonderful, the sexiest woman I have ever seen." He said. He had the biggest smile I had ever seen, with a hint of naughtiness he sometimes had.
He came close and me the deepest kiss, his right hand moved behind me and onto my ass, then pulled away suddenly, he went over to the cupboard then handed me my long black coat. He looked into my eyes, smiled and said, "Put this on." So I put it on, buttoned it all the way up, so if you saw me now, the only clue of this sexy maid beneath would be the little lacy headdress on head. It covered me completely and I must confess I was very puzzled, and that in itself was exciting.
He looked at me and obviously saw the puzzlement on my face and he said, "Wait, and see."
He then rook out my collar and slowly put it around my neck. "You're Victoria now and Victoria will have fun tonight and remember our secret word, if you say it anytime, we will stop, understand? "
"Yes," I replied.
"No. Yes master." He smiled back.
"Yes master." I obeyed.
"My good girl, you will have fun tonight. That, I promise." He said, taking my head in his hand and leaning forward as he kissed my forehead.
He took me by the hand and guided me to the living room. I was so excited, what's there for me? What's he got ready for me? I could not wait for his touch and the role play that was ahead of me.
We walked into the living room, then to the middle of the floor. It was then I noticed, in the corner of my left eye, three men on our settee. I stopped in my tracks, in shock. Rich encouraged me saying "Come on girl, you'll be fine"
Rich spoke to these intruders, pointing to me, "This is my maid, Victoria. Victoria will be looking after us tonight and making our night memorable. Remember, she is, my maid, and no touching without my permission. Please look as much as you want, she is at your beck and call."
"Victoria," Rich continued, "These are my guests and you will look after them and cater for....All ... their needs."
They all smiled and nodding. I must admit, they all looked as nervous as I was. Rich was acting out the circus master and only he knew what was in store for all of us tonight. One thing I knew, I was the star attraction.
He turned around and said "Victoria, these are my new friends and guests, so look after them"
I nodded and then replied, "Er,,,,,Yes master."
"Now, Rich said, "Take off your coat and serve my guests some drinks."
"What?" I thought, "Take off my coat? I am almost fucking naked!!!!, I have never met these men before."
Rich saw my hesitation, "Come on girl, take the coat off, our guests are thirsty."
My heart was pounding. "Shit!!!!" I thought "I had worn sexy outfit outside before, but nothing this revealing." So I slowly took my coat off, unbuttoning the front of the coat. I was guided my Rich so I stood in front of the three men, only a few feet away from then, their eyes following very movement of my fingers as I undid one button after another. My heart was pounding, my pussy getting very moist as I slowing revealed myself to them. I opened the front of my coat and I heard a gasp. I did not look up, still getting to grips of what I was doing. The coat slight dropped, revealing my almost naked body. Rich turned me around, and my ass was still covered by the coat, I dropped the coat, and heard "Fuckkkkkkk!!!!" come from two of the men. My ass and back was exposed to their full gaze.
Rich whispered to me " Turn around and don't cover yourself, this is your night, have fun, I am here, you are safe."
"Victoria," Rich said for all to hear, "These guys have never been this close to a black girl before, never mind one this sexy. Now make sure they have a good time and show them the delights the wonders of your perfect body."
I stood there, the three men drinking in my body with their eyes, exploring every curve and part of my body, it seemed hours, but one thing I did know, my pussy was so wet, I was so excited, I thought my heart could be seen beating by those strangers.
I could not wait to see what unfolds.