Hi there and thanks for coming back for chapter 6. I've received plenty of messages from you guys with feedback and suggestions, and I want you to know that your suggestions do shape the story as I write it. So keep 'em coming and tell me what you want to see. Thanks for reading and don't forget to follow me!
***************************************************************************************************************
By the time we'd had lunch I no longer wanted to go swimming with Tristan. The thrill of almost getting caught naked this morning had been exciting, but that had long since worn off and now I was only apprehensive about what he had planned. The local water park was too public. There was too much that could go wrong. It wasn't the same as larking about at home where only our parents could catch us.
"You don't have a choice," my little brother said, reminding me that he had all the leverage and I had to do as he said.
"Fine," I huffed. "I'll go and get my bathing suit."
"No need," Tristan said, grinning like an idiot. "I'll get you something new on the way."
I absolutely did not want him to get me something new, but I knew that arguing would achieve nothing. I grabbed my phone and followed Tristan out to the car. Neither of us had our own car yet so we had to use Mom's.
"I think I'd better drive," Tristan said with a smirk. A few months ago I'd borrowed the car and accidentally crashed it. I'd then claimed the car had been stolen. Tristan found out and that was why I now had to do everything he said. If he told Mom and Dad they'd never buy me my own car.
I rolled my eyes and got into the passenger seat. As we drove to the mall, I watched Tristan drive. He had grown up so much since the last time I really looked at him. His broad shoulders filled out his shirt and his strong arms flexed as he shifted gears.
"Give me your underwear sizes so I can buy you the right size suit," he said looking at me expectantly.
"I can pick up the sizes myself."
"No, no. I don't want to spoil the surprise. You're staying in the car. Tell me the sizes or I'll have to guess," he said.
With a reluctant sigh, I gave my brother my underwear sizes and then waited anxiously for him to return. When he got back he had a small rucksack.
"One new bathing suit, plus a towel and the other essentials for going swimming," he said, tossing the bag into the backseat before I could get a look inside.
As we arrived at the water park, my nerves only grew. I just knew that I was not going to like whatever was in that bag. Nevertheless, I followed Tristan to the changing rooms.
"I'll meet you in the pool," Tristan said as he headed to the men's locker room.
Once inside, I opened the bag and pulled out the bright red bikini that my brother had bought for me. I groaned when I saw the size. He'd deliberately chosen items that were too small for me. I looked at the almost non-existent outfit and wondered why he enjoyed humiliating me so much. With a deep breath, I stripped out of my clothes and put on the bikini. It barely covered my ample chest, and I felt exposed and vulnerable.
I looked at myself in the mirror. The triangles of fabric covered little more than my nipples, and plenty of breast spilled out of either side. The panties were so tight that they may as well have been a thong. It would only take a few steps to cause them to disappear up my ass cracks. The bikini was so small that I could only just tie the straps. I felt like a violent enough sneeze would cause the whole thing to spring undone. I would just have to get into the water as quickly as possible.
I tucked my bag in my locker and then headed out to the pool where Tristan was waiting. "Looking good, sis!" he said, grinning at me.
He was wearing a pair of black shorts that came almost down to his knees. I had to admit that his body had developed a lot since the last time we'd come swimming together. His body was now covered in lean muscles. He looked fit and toned, and I could see why the girls were starting to take notice of him. But I was getting plenty of attention too.
Eyebrows raised as I went by and eyes fell on the tiny fabric that covered my body. One man was staring so much that his wife slapped him. I noticed a teenager adjust his shorts under the water before pointing me out to his friend. One woman tutted with disapproval.
I felt my whole face burn with embarrassment and I tried to ignore the stares of the other people at the pool as I slowly made my way to the edge of the pool. The bikini was too small, so every movement I made felt restricted and uncomfortable. Despite this, I managed to make it into the water without flashing anyone in the process.
Once in the water, people forgot about me, and I began to relax and enjoy myself. The coolness of the water helped ease my nerves, and soon enough I was splashing around with Tristan, racing him across the pool.
"Let's go on the slide," Tristan said, pointing at the massive twisting slide that went all the way around the park before opening out into the main pool. When we were little we'd come here every weekend and we used to have competitions to see which of us could ride the slide the most.
"Yeah, okay," I agreed smiling as I followed him out of the pool. I'd actually started to relax and was having so much fun that I'd forgotten all about Tristan's true intentions.
"I'll go first," Tristan said when we reached the top of the slide. He sat down at the top of the slide and then he was gone. He was beaming with enjoyment as he turned the first corner and vanished from sight.
I sat down at the top of the slide and waited for the lifeguard to tell me when it was safe to go. After a minute or so she gave me the all-clear and I pushed off down the slide. I laid back and hurtled down the slide, the cool water carrying me along. As I turned the first corner I felt my bikini string snag on the plastic of the slide.
Fuck.
The strings were too short as it was. I grabbed my bottoms with one hand and my top with the other, and hoped that I'd be able to keep them on until I reached the bottom. With every corner I turned I felt the slide pull on the strings a bit more.
"Oh, shit," I said as I felt the strings undo completely.
Finally, I saw the tunnel that signified the end of the slide. I was relieved that I'd managed to hold onto my bikini. I coursed into the tunnel and shot out the end. I lifted off the slide at the end and was sent flying through the air. My arms slipped and my eyes widened as I watched both parts of my bikini fly off me. For a brief moment, I was suspended naked in the air for everybody to see. And then I crashed down into the water. The water closed over my head and I vanished from sight, praying that nobody had noticed me.
I emerged from under the water and wiped the water out of my face. I looked around frantically for my bikini. It was nowhere in sight. Several amused faces were staring my way, but the majority of people seemed not to have noticed the naked 19-year-old come flying off the water slide.
My face burned bright red as I looked around, being careful to keep the water up to my neck. I was completely naked below the surface but as long as I didn't draw any attention to myself nobody would notice. The terror of an entire water park seeing me naked was making my heart slam against my chest. My head was spinning as I struggled to find my clothes.
I couldn't see Tristan anywhere. I knew he was around somewhere. He was hiding in some place where he could watch me without me being able to see him. I strongly suspected that my bikini was with him too.
The pool was only half full but there were still plenty of people around the pool. I could either move around the water for a few hours, wait for everybody to clear out, and then emerge from the water. Or I could make a run for it now.
I looked around for the lifeguard. If I told her what had happened she'd probably go and get a towel for me at least. I caught sight of the lifeguard up at the top of the pool. She was holding a flotation ring and talking to another girl. I'd wait until she was finished with the girl, I didn't want anybody else to know about my predicament.
As I waited patiently for the lifeguard to finish talking, my eyes wandered. I could see a chair up against the wall not too far away. It had a towel on it, and what looked like a pair of flip-flops. I could probably get to the towel without anybody seeing much.
As I tried to come up with some kind of plan, Tristan appeared next to me in the water. I didn't want him to see how relieved I was to see him.
"How you doing?" he asked smiling mischievous and trying not to laugh at my predicament.
I glared at him, my cheeks on fire. "I'm naked," I hissed, positioning myself so he was blocking me from the rest of the pool.
"You should have seen your face when you came flying out of the slide," he chuckled.
"Where's my bikini?" I asked, knowing very well that he had it. I glanced down into the water and wondered if it was in his pocket.
"Don't worry about that," he said. He moved closer and I felt his hand brush against my leg. His fingers stroked up my thigh, heading for my vagina.
"Tristan this is not the time or place," I whispered furiously.
"Isn't it?" he asked innocently. He stared into my eyes and thrust his hips forward, his hardness pressing against my naked leg. I backed away from him until my back hit the edge of the pool.
We were in one of the quieter corners, away from the main bulk of people and with Tristan standing where he was nobody in the pool could see me. There was an ice cream bar behind me but it was too far away for anybody to see much of anything.
His fingers slid up my pussy lips gently, just teasing the area, getting a feel for it.
"Tristan..." I whined, aware of all the people who could catch us at any moment. I was also aware that somebody we knew might be there.
"Relax, Erin. Be a good girl for me and I might give you your bikini back," he said.
"How am I supposed to relax with you--" He found my clit and I shrieked in surprise.
The lifeguard looked our way and after eyeing me with suspicion she turned away again. I moaned into Tristan's chest as his fingers slid down and slipped into my vagina. He moved in and out slowly, smoothly, taking his time. I held his arms and squeezed my eyes shut as I let him pleasure me. The warmth from his body spread over me as his fingers picked up speed. I pushed my lips against the hard flesh of his chest and kissed him, trying to stifle the moans that wanted to come out of me.
"You like that?" he asked. I could feel his cock getting harder as it rubbed against me, and the gentle squeezing of his belly muscles as he moved.
"Mmm," was all I could muster. His fingers curled inside me, rubbing past my G-spot and sending waves of pleasure through my body. I ran a hand down his body, my nails leaving red lines on his skin, as my fingers found his hard cock through his shorts.
His other hand slipped down to play with my ass. It held me firm and steady as he fingered me.
"Look at you getting naked and horny in a public swimming pool. You're such a little slut," he whispered in my ear. "What are you?"
"A slut," a whimpered, knowing it was what he wanted to hear.
"Yeah, whose?"
"Yours." My cheeks were burning and red and not just because of the shame. My insides were on fire with a passion that his fingers had stoked.
"That's right. Tell me again." He dragged his tongue over my ear sending a shiver through me.
"I'm y...your horny little slut," I moaned.
I slipped my hand under his waistband and felt his fat cock in my hand. Oh, how I loved the feel of my little brother's perfect dick. I jerked him slowly in his shorts as he thrust his fingers into me again and again.
"Mmm, I love that pussy of yours, Erin," he said as he pushed harder into me. "You're so fucking wet for me."
I was dripping wet and it had nothing to do with the water. I wanted to scream out, 'fuck me!' at the top of my lungs. He definitely would if the opportunity presented itself.
"What would you do for me?" Tristan asked, nibbling gently on my ear as he fingered me.
"Anything," I mumbled without thinking. The word just slipped out of me. My mind raced with thoughts of how far I was willing to go and what kind of trouble we'd get into.
"Good girl," he said. He leaned down and kissed me on the lips. My lips met his and he parted them with his tongue, letting ours meet. I squeezed his cock harder and kissed him with all the passion I had pent up inside me.
Tristan slammed his fingers into me hard and a loud moan flew through my lips. The park was so loud that nobody heard though. The added thrill of being overheard gave me goosebumps.
His fingers pushed deeper and harder, harder than before. I whimpered and moaned, biting my lip. All the while I jerked on his hard cock. He was like granite.
"Fuuuuck," Tristan moaned as my fingers curled around him. His head fell back as he humped into my hand.
The lifeguard looked our way again and I nearly fainted. She stared at me with narrowed eyes, clearly suspicious of mine and Tristan's closeness and the movements we were making. Her eyes fixed on mine as I bit my lips and tried to calm myself. I met her gaze, knowing that if she looked down she'd see that I was naked. She released me from her gaze, turning away to look at somebody else.
"Ohhh, fuck," I moaned, putting my head into his shoulder in embarrassment. The truth was though, it made the situation even hotter for me.
I felt his hard cock throbbing in my grasp and I squeezed harder.
His fingers felt deeper into my cunt as he finger fucked me, tickling my G-spot. My legs were shaking as I moaned and pressed my lips against his chest. A small squeak escaped through them each time he fingered me. My moans began getting louder.
"Let it out, Erin," he said.
Tristan held me tighter and picked up the pace. I threw my lips against his chest and kissed it, letting my moans fly into his tight pecs.
"Mmm, fuck," he moaned. "You're gonna make me cum."
My hand jerked faster and harder as he fingered me with more force. My eyes were shut tight and my lips were pursed together as I tried to keep any more noises from escaping me.
"Let it out," he whispered as he nibbled on my ear. I whimpered.
"Unnnnnh," I grunted, trying to keep my voice down. "Uuuuuunnhhhh." More loud moans and grunts slipped through my lips and he muffled them with his body.
"Cum for me. Now," he commanded.
As Tristan finger fucked me hard and fast, I felt a tingling sensation building up inside me. I clung to him as my whole body tensed up and waves of pleasure crashed through my tiny body, making me shudder in his arms. My thighs quivered and goosebumps ran up my legs. My whole body was on fire with raw lust. My pussy spasmed and convulsed on his fingers.
"Uuuuuuuh, fuck," I moaned and panted as my orgasm took hold. My head fell back and my body fell limp in his arms.
He kissed my cheek and neck as I trembled against him. As the orgasm went on, he fingered me harder until it was over.
"Ohhh, shit Erin," he moaned as his cock swelled in my hand. "Here it goes."
A thick stream of cum shot out of his cock and into the water around us. I watched as the white gloop spread out and floated away from us faster than either of us could stop it. It was heading right for an old woman who was doing the backstroke.
"We'd better get out of here," Tristan said.
"Where's my bikini?" I demanded.
"Right here," he said, pulling it out of his pocket.
I snatched it from his hand and began covering my body again. Tristan helped me tie the strings and when he was done he leaned down and planted a deep kiss on my neck. I blushed and wrapped my arms around him, holding him tight.
"You're lucky you came when I told you to otherwise you would have been going back to the locker room naked," he said.
"You are such a dick," I said, slapping his arm playfully. But a part of me did wonder how exciting that might have been.
As we walked back to the locker rooms we heard the old lady in the pool.
"Oh, God! What is it? It's all in my hair. It's everywhere!"
We picked up our pace and practically ran into the locker rooms.