This multi-part series is inspired by, although not beholden to, real events. While their names have been changed, the characters are real.
*****
Playa del Carmen! Mark was ecstatic. It had been a year since he and his wife Darby went for their honeymoon, and all the memories from that amazing trip flooded back the moment they stepped off of the plane. He breathed in that fresh ocean air and sighed. "Yes dear, this is exactly what we needed!"
The look on Darby's face must have matched my own, because she agreed wholeheartedly, "something about the air down here is so liberating. It's like I'm 10 years younger!"
Mark smiled mischievously. "So that means I'm in Cancun with a 20 year old sex-crazed coed? How did I get so lucky?"
Darby shot mark a sideways glance, "Who says you can't go wild at 30? Besides, now I actually know what I'm doing."
Mark stopped as she continued walking confidently ahead, admiring how his wife's sexy ass swayed in her tight, form fitting dress. He smiled and took another deep breath before following her. Yes, this was going to be an amazing trip.
*****
The ride to the resort had been bumpy, but the driver eased their 50 minute journey with a steady supply of beer from the moment they sat down. Ocean Riviera Paradise is located on a stretch of road with a Western oriented resort every few miles. For all Mark knew, it was a dime a dozen, but that didn't make it any less exceptional. From the entrance to all the way down to the beach is half-mile of all inclusive bars, restaurants, pools, spas and clubs, staffed with peppy service and teeming with ready-to-party patrons.
"Did you get us VIP again this year?" Darby asked, innocently.
"Of course, what am I, an amateur? I know how to treat my baby right" Mark replied. The VIP package not only smoothed your way in every interaction with staff, it awarded you access to top of the line alcohol and reservation free seating at all of the restaurants.
Darby beamed at him and hit him in the shoulder "Come on, you know that's not why I asked."
"All is in hand, my dear," Mark responded confidently. He knew exactly what she was referring to: last year they'd brought their friend Lucy, the colloquial name for a certain psychedelic, with them, and they microdosed through 5 fantastic days of stress free fun, which they planned to do again this year. The VIP pass ensured that they wouldn't have a thing to worry about - removing stress was the key to any good micro-dose.
Fantastically, he'd been able to get the same room they had the previous year for their honeymoon - a rooftop suite with jacuzzi and a balcony overlooking the famed "adults only" pool. It also had a fantastic view of the ocean.
This kind of travel wasn't typical for either Mark or Darby. Mark had been a Peace Corps volunteer, and considered adventure to be his namesake. Darby was a bundle of relentless energy on trips, needing to see and do everything the city had to offer. They both preferred lower-key air bnb's, budget airlines, and restaurants off the beaten path. But they'd both discovered new kinds of luxuriant adventure on their last trip to Mexico, and they wanted to take it to the next level.
*****
"Alright, what are your goals for this trip?" Darby asked. They were having a quiet dinner over a bottle of wine in the VIP lounge, settling in for the week.
Mark was incredulous "Goals? Love, we're in paradise, my goal is to not hear the word goal for the next 2 weeks."
Darby laughed "Deal, after tonight. But I mean is there anything at all you'd like to do to make this vacation memorable? Last year was great, but we shouldn't do everything exactly the same."
Mark thought about that a little more. "You're right, of course. Let's agree to take it to the next level."
"How so?"
"For starters, we should meet other people from the resort. You know, we didn't talk to a soul last year," responded Mark.
"That's true, Darby replied." Fine, vacation friends. What else?"
"I want to fuck you in public, where we might get caught. I also don't want you to hold back on anything, you know how I like to show you off" Mark said.
Darby shifted her legs and leaned back, looking curious "Oh you want to show me off do you? That's fun. How exactly. If you don't mind me asking."
"I'm not sure," said Mark, looking pensive. "For starters, show that booty off. I want heads turning and admirers. Flaunt it. And when someone hits on you, tease him a bit. Don't forget about me of course, but have some fun!"
"Really, Mark? You want me to flirt back when some 25 year old hunk is hitting on me? Now that's a bit of a surprise," Darby replied, looking intrigued. "But I love it."
"Honey, it'll be like that time in New York, when those guys at the club were obsessed with you" Mark replied. "I'm so infatuated by you that I just want to give others a small taste of what I'm lucky enough to experience every day. And I know in the end that you love me, so let's have some fun."
"Well, I am not sure I know what you mean by "taste," but I think I like this idea. A lot." she replied. "Aren't you going to ask me about my goals?"
Mark leaned forward, suddenly serious "My goals are your goals for the next two weeks."
Darby bit her lip and looked at her husband "You always know exactly what to say to a woman. Maybe I need to show my man off as well. Yes, I think seeing your legendary charm in action would be a fine goal for me."
"I like the sound of that honey. Where to first?"
"Our rooms so I can fuck your brains out. We have an early day tomorrow with the foam party tomorrow morning."
*****
They woke up to the sound of hundreds of people bumping to Biggy in the Adult pool below them. Looking down from their balcony, the pool was a seething mass of people in ample amounts of foam. They didn't waste any time in putting on their bathing suits and getting down there.
True to her promise, Darby did not disappoint. She wore a sexy red one piece, that teased her ample cleavage and, more importantly, beautifully round and perfect ass. He didn't think it was supposed to be a thong, but her ass certainly treated it like one. Darby, to be short, was gorgeous. At 5'6" and 120 pounds, she was all woman - she was lithe enough to climb Mark like a tree, but curvy in all the right places. Her tits were each more than a handful and her reddish-blonde hair spilled down to her shoulders.
Mark inspected himself in the mirror. He caught women's eyes as well - at 5'11" and 175 pounds, he kept himself in good shape and had the shoulders to show for it. He had blue eyes and curly, dirty blonde hair - Darby's friends like to compare him to Justin Timberlake, but what she appreciated most were his muscular, manly legs. If any woman can be described as a leg girl, it was Darby.
The two made their way down as the DJ ripped into a new set and the pool seethed with activity. Mark made his way to the pool bar and came back with two Pina Coladas, but he slipped and fell on his way back to her, dunking the drink as he went. They laughed and shared the drink, watching the debauchery unfold around them.
After 10 minutes or so, Mark was readying himself to go back to the pool bar when a woman's voice boomed through the loudspeakers.
"ALL RIGHT PARTY PEOPLE! WHO'S READY FOR THE TWERK-OFF??!" A 22 year old woman revealed herself as the MC, in a bathing suit that didn't leave much to the imagination. She stood, rallying the crowd, on a stage next to the DJ beside the pool.
"Twerk contest!" said Mark with a smirk, "now this is my kind of competition."
"And that's why you're my husband" replied Darby with a mischievous grin.
"I NEED 6 of the BADDEST BITCHES up on this stage, Come on ladies - SHOW THIS CROWD WHAT YOU'VE GOT" the MC engaged the crowd enthusiastically.
"Hey look, they're taking volunteers" said Mark, eyeing his wife.
"Do you think I should give it a go?" asked Darby.
Mark looked at her in surprise "you want to be a contestant?"
"Well, you did say you wanted to show me off," she said, standing to her feet and giving her ass a little shake. "You really think I should?'
"Woman I love you but if you don't get that sweet ass on that stage before they reach 6 volunteers we will be fighting for the rest of this trip" Mark replied, grinning.
Darby shot him a sexy look, turned around, gave him a little shake, and walked around the pool to the DJ - contestant 6. Mark grabbed a beer and moved through the crowd in the pool towards the stage to get a better vantage.
The crowd was evenly split between men and women, who were already fawning over one another. The energy was intense. Alcohol had been flowing for several hours, and the combination of exposed skin and close quarters made for an arousing atmosphere.
Mark looked up on stage and could barely believe his eyes - there was his wife, standing next to 7 beautifully curvy, flawless women, and she was among the hottest of them. His heart beat rapidly in his chest as he realized all of the people - all of the men - who were feasting on her with their eyes at this very moment. He was almost overwhelmed with excitement.
Part of what made it so exciting for Mark was how out of character this was for Darby. She loved to dance, and god damn she could twerk on his cock like a professional, but she had terrible stage fright, and publicly almost never let her dirty side show.
As he watched the MC briefly gathered the contestants around, probably arranging logistics. Then she stepped back, to the middle of the stage and addressed the crowd, "WHO'S READY TO KICK THIS OFF?" The crowd roared in response.
"Contestant 1, get your sexy ass out here!"
The crowd was going wild all around Mark. His wife looked somewhat nervous but was clearly beaming at the attention.
The first contestant was an early 20's something, college-aged blonde with a fantastic figure and skimpy 1 piece bathing suit that fit her like a thong. The DJ nodded and blasted 'Wiggle Wit It' through the pool speakers. Mark could feel the water in the pool vibrating with the sound.
Contestant 1 turned around, revealing one of the best asses Mark had seen in his life. She twerked, slowly, showing some skill but clearly unpracticed, rolling her hips rather than throwing her ass back. Nonetheless, the crowd went wild she stepped back to the group of waiting contestants, flushed with excitement.
"Let's hear it for contestant 1!" yelled the MC into her mic. She looked back at the contestants. "Let's do this contestant 2!"
Contestant 2 was a young black woman in her late 20's. Mark stared somewhat lustily - her body was the stuff of legends, her curves threatening to burst out of her black bikini. She slowly turned around as Nikki Minaj's Anaconda reverberated through his skull, swaying back and forth until she suddenly picked up tempo, moving her ass in ways that shouldn't have been possible. She ended her dance in a skillful split. The water around Mark churned in excitement.
Darby was next!! She stood out, among women nearly ten years her junior, her quiet sexy confidence emanated out in a clearly discernible presence. She raised her hands in the air squinted her eyes and cheered, the crowd roared back in response.
Mark wasn't sure if she got to choose her own song, but it couldn't have been more perfect. The soft beats of Drake's "The Motto" filled his ears and he watched his wife roll subtly roll her hips, her control and rhythm perfect, facing the audience. Slowly she teased them, her hips rolling more passionately, dancing more aggressively. As the hook came on she finally turned, prompting a quake of approval from the crowd around him. Her ass was the definition of a bubble - not as large as the previous two contestants, but she had the figure of a model with the ass of a porn star, and she wielded it with guided missile precision. She was simultaneously subtle and aggressive, reserved but confident. She left the impression that she had tantalizing tricks up her sleeve and left everyone wanting more. She ended her twerk thrusting her ass out, shaking it and then dropping it down to the floor 3 times.
Mark erupted, his cock hard and pressing against his suit. Judging from the reactions of the men around him, he wasn't the only one. Oddly, he found himself even more excited by their clear lust for her - here was his wife, idolized and lusted after by a group of sex-crazed springbreakers. Looking up at her sexy, subtle smiles, lost in her own moves, he could tell that she was enjoying this moment as much as he was. He smiled and cheered with the crowd.
Darby was followed by 3 unremarkable contestants of varying skill, but by the end the crowd was ready to party and the alcohol was flowing. Darby took second, the black woman took first and the young spring-breaker finished a close third. Watching his wife enjoy the crowds roar of approval for her dance nearly brought him to his knees. This was going to be a great day.