Dear Reader,
This is my first attempt at writing, and the third instalment of a multi-part series. I hope to publish subsequent parts at regular intervals, depending on how well this part is received.
Since this is a continuation, I would recommend you read the first and second parts before you start with this part.
To give you sufficient perspective, this story is set in a small town in India and is about an 18-year-old girl named Doyel (pronounced Though-Elle).
The story majorly focusses on exhibitionism and does not contain any actual sex, although physical contact is existent. However, subsequent parts may evolve to include consensual sex between two or more characters.
I am immensely thankful to Drmaxc for taking painstaking effort into editing the draft and providing suggestions to the plotline. His contribution to this part, just like the previous parts, is undeniable and integral to the story.
Constructive criticism, suggestions and comments are welcome.
All characters in the story are 18 or above at the beginning of the story.
The Day Everything Changed - 3
For a second or two Doyel stood at the door preparing herself. Outside this passport official was waiting to see her - waiting impatiently - upstairs her two friends were, no doubt, also impatient for her to return. She had just been showing herself off to them - revealing her naked body to them - and she had expected more to happen imminently. Instead, she and they had been interrupted. Her careful plans going out of the window. In her aroused state - and she certainly was aroused - could she turn this change to her advantage. Certainly, it would do no harm to have Samar and Arup wait. She had them on a hook. Best to let the fishing line and reel have its play before reeling them in. The arrival of the official was not only unplanned, but also unanticipated. She had applied for her passport a couple weeks back, was aware that there would be a verification process involved, but she had not been expecting the verification to be happening this soon. Could she perhaps have some fun with this official? Could she further her own sexual pleasure. Her scheming avatar was coming to the fore. Doyel smiled to herself as she reached for the door.
To give you some perspective and, hopefully, not bore you with prosaic details, a passport application is always verified for residential address of the applicant. This verification is carried out by the local intelligence office, an arm of the district administration. Usually, the office would depute a clerk to each case who would verify the address through a physical visit and then a document check. The clerk would expect a standard amount for approving the application, a part of which would also be shared with the officer overseeing the application. The rates and percentage shares of such transactions were revised from time to time. Of course, nothing was official about this, but this was sort of an open secret and common knowledge across the general populace. It was not a scale of official charges but a bribe to ensure the smooth processing of the application. Without it the process might take a very long time.
Doyel was aware of the process but had not expected the official so soon and had been caught surprised at the official arriving at such an inopportune moment. However, she intended to turn this to her advantage, being already worked up to quite an extent. She could feel that lovely wet feeling between her legs. Not uncommon for her and mostly very welcome. Her scheming intention now to try her luck at negotiating this in an interesting and exciting way without the use of any money at all, although, of course, she did have money upstairs in her room as a backup should she need it. A win-win situation. She would keep her money and have some fun and an interesting experience.
Doyel opened the latch at the top of the door. This time she already had the keys to hand on the hook at the back of the door, but she did not want to unlock the collapsible gate yet. She opened just the door to see a middle-aged gentleman standing there with some papers in his hand. He was of average height and build, had a good head of salt and pepper hair, mostly still pepper, and an averagely thick salt and pepper moustache, mostly salt. Underneath his thick lips showed displeasure at being kept waiting. He was wearing a short sleeve checked shirt and grey trousers. His overall appearance and attire were a complete reflection of a typicalbabu, a clerk in a government office, quite used to sitting at his desk all day long, doing chitchat with his colleagues that was completely unconnected and irrelevant to his work. No doubt it required great effort on his part to bother leaving his desk to take care of such mundane duties as the physical verification of passport applications, though no doubt the additional fee was quite an incentive.
What did he want from her? What did he want to check? Perhaps in addition to Doyel's address, he would like to verify her sex was as stated on her application form? Doyel shivered at the naughtiness of her thoughts. If, improbably, he did want to verify this, how would he do it? Would he want to undertake a full bodily inspection and check if she had the right body parts to justify her claim? Would he want her to stand to attention, all in her birthday suit, while he checked each of her girl parts, poking and prodding everywhere to ensure they were genuine? Almost like a medical examination but not quite like that - not at all!
Doyel was having all these thoughts in the moment and her imagination was running wild. She realised she was getting wetter, her breath was coming in sighs, and her nipples were no less erect than they had been before. Her nightie, thin from age and sleeveless with knotted strings to the shoulders dropping to just above her knees was rather dark in colour. This would help camouflage the contour of her nipples, at least, she thought it would, in case the man at the door did not appreciate her potential proposal for not being paid in cash, but in kind.
"Hello, I am Doyel."
"Gupta, from the passport office," he responded announcing himself, "I have come to verify your address against your application." He was nonchalant at her state of (un)dress.
This surprised Doyel. This was not expected. This was not the reaction she had received from the boys. Did he not perhaps appreciate young women?
"How long have you been living here?" he continued.
"I was born here. My grandfather built this house. After he passed, my father, being an only child, became the owner of the house."
"Ms. Doyel, let me repeat, how long have you been living here, at this address?" he seemed to be irritated but she had answered his question.
Doyel, for one, was certainly irritated. He had her application, he knew how old she was, and she told him she was born here! He seemed a stickler for procedure. Did he really want her to repeat the information he already had?
"18 years, 8 months." She replied curtly.
"Thank you. Who is the owner of the house?"
Again? This guy was certainly irritating Doyel - brassing her off indeed. But she tried to maintain her calm demeanour. She needed him to approve her application.
"The owner of the house is my father." And she added her father's name.
"Thank you. Please confirm the address for me."
Doyel told him the address which of course he knew. She then noticed that with every answer, he was marking the answers on a form of some sort. She understood then why he wanted very specific answers to his questions - he was just following protocol! Absurd, but that seemed to be how it was. She calmed down. She also noticed now that with every question, he would look around at the house, and then look at her, as if, she thought, trying to check for possible reasons for rejecting the application.
He went on to ask about her educational qualification, her marital status, her mother's name, and several other questions presumably mentioned on the form. Every time he looked down while scribbling in his paper, Doyel gradually pulled her nightie in the front until she felt the top of the neck hole at the back of her neck. She discreetly cast her eyes down to check the front and found that a good part of the top of her breasts was now visible, and she was displaying a decent amount of cleavage. She was going to try out her scheme or at least unsettle him. The idea of exposing herself to this stranger excited her. He was annoying, very annoying, but might that make the exposure even better - for her?
Once he completed his questioning, the clerk, Gupta, told Doyel she would need to sign the paper. She moved behind the door and took the keys from the hook. While doing so, she also inspected herself and took a moment to think of her course of action. If she wanted to actually expose herself, she would have to move both of them away from the sight of the road. She formulated a plan and started unlocking the collapsible gate. She had to bend forward just a bit to use the key on the lock, and knew that while doing so, most of her breasts would now be on display. If he decided to look at the right place, which she hoped he did, he would see almost everything except her areolae and nipples. Perhaps this would be inviting enough, she thought. It would certainly excite her.
Doyel cast a glance up at Gupta, and sure enough, he did not notice her looking at him because he himself was looking down her nightie with a longing expression, the longing of a man who has fasted for a long time and was still going hungry! She knew she had him. Time to reel the line in. Not the fishing line upon which she thought she had Samar and Arup well and truly caught but a second line. She was becoming quite the fisherwoman! Now it was just a matter of who would move first. She had the gate unlocked soon enough and started pushing one end of the gate to slide and open. It moved a little with a jerk, but then it refused to move further. The gate was probably jammed, and the gap was not enough. She needed to open more. She was now having to put more effort into the push. She got irritated that Gupta was just standing there, pen and papers in hand, not making any attempt to help her! She pushed more now, and with a jerk, the gate finally moved. Then the realisation dawned on her - the knotted string of the nightie, which was supposed to be on her right shoulder, was now resting comfortably at her right elbow, exposing her entire right breast to prying eyes! Prying eyes across the street as well as Gupta's - only she thought his body would obscure the sight from any neighbour who was out. Unlikely as that was in the heat. She avoided the temptation to look at the situation, lest she give away her knowledge. But she was quite sure of it because she felt the string at her elbow, and clearly felt the end of the fabric trying to push her breast from below. She knew she had achieved what she wanted to, albeit partially and inadvertently, but she had. She was partially exposed to this stranger.
Doyel made no attempt to look down or pull up her nightie, continuing her façade of being oblivious to the state of undress she was in, and took the papers from Gupta, who she noticed seemed almost uninterested in them now. Clearly he was much more interested in her exposed breast than anything else. She asked him to come in and moved behind the door so she could be out of sight from the road.
"Where do I need to sign?" she asked looking at the forms.
"At the bottom of pages 1, 3 and 7, in the boxes marked 'applicant'", Gupta told her breast. His eyes not looking at her face at all.
"Pen please," she extended her right hand.
"Yes, sure," he handed his pen. This time he was looking at her face, for a change.
Doyel took this opportunity to do something she knew would be quite direct. Her next movements, although quite quick, would be happening for her in slow motion. She extended her right hand, took the pen, and while carefully looking over the form, straightened her right arm towards the ground, while simultaneously slacking both shoulders. The effect was that the string of her nightie, which was at her elbow, now reached her forearm towards her wrist. Then with one swift movement she pulled up her hand, with the pen, straight towards the forms in her left hand. This resulted in the string of the nightie on her right becoming completely free of her shoulder and arm, to dangle lazily at her side, completely exposing her right breast without any hindrance. Her nightie was now held on her body only by the string on the left shoulder. On her right side, everything from her neck till her waist was exposed to Gupta.
If Doyel had looked up at Gupta now, she would have seen saucers in place of his eyes. But she did not. She chose to focus on the form at hand. She took her own time in going over the pages, finding the boxes he mentioned and then signing them. She then handed over the pen and papers to the official, who she had to call from his trance.
"Is this all, sir?" Doyel asked innocently.
"Well, there would be some documents we will need to further your application." Hee stammered through the list of documents, "Please bring them with you to the office tomorrow, along with... along with two photocopies of each. We will then process the application further." He stammered on and had difficulty in completing sentences.
"Okay, Mr. Gupta. Anything else?" Doyel was wondering why he was still not asking for his bribe. Perhaps he was too distracted, or maybe he was afraid he might give away her state and she might correct it. She was sure he would be disappointed by that!
"Oh, well... yes, there is something more. We do expect some benefits for processing the applications; you will then have a passport and visit countries abroad... you know, it is a difficult job, you should look after us some too..." he stammered on.
"Oh!" Doyel paused as if the import of what he was saying was sinking in. "Well, you see, I am just a student. I do not earn anything yet, and my parents are not home right now. I am not sure how I can extend any benefits to you..." Doyel feigned negotiation.
"Of course, I understand. But you see, I need to pass most earnings to my superiors as well... and if there are none," he spread out his hands, "I will have to answer to them." Having sensed there was a hint of weakness, Gupta was more confident now. He was perhaps sensing how he could actually use this to his benefit. "I am sorry, but it is necessary." He paused, waiting.
Doyel sensed the change in his tone and knew that her plan was successful. She just had to play along for a bit more.
"Is there some other way that this can be solved? Can I invite you for lunch at home some time when my folks are home?" She tried to sound keen on not paying him money.
"That won't work," Gupta replied seriously, "my superiors... but I have a different proposal."
"Okay, what is it?"
"Maybe I can take care of the amount to be paid to the others, in exchange..." he was still playing around. He paused as if unsure quite how to put what was in his mind.
"In exchange? What exchange?" she pretended to be impatient now.
"In exchange for a bit of your cooperation."
"Sure, what do you need?" Doyel spoke brightly as if it was all sorted.
"Well, I need you to promise me two things now - no noise, and no movement"
"Okay, sure."
"I want you to take a note of your attire at this moment."
It was then that Doyel decided that it was fine to look at herself finally. She cast her eyes down and could see that her earlier movements had indeed had the desired effects - her right breast was exposed in its full glory, as was everything from her collarbone till her waist on the right side. She pretended to notice for the first time. A gasp and a suitable "Oh, no!" escaped her lips. By reflex, she tried to move her hand down to pull up her nightie. But Gupta's voice stopped her.
"I said, no movement!" he commanded, and then softly added, "you promised."
She stood still. Gupta came closer to her. They were almost of the same height. Then he bent forward and began a close inspection of her breast, similar to the inspection her friends had been conducting. She closed her eyes again as soon as she felt his breath on her skin. She could feel his movements with closed eyes, her breath coming in sighs.
But it only lasted for a bit. Gupta had stopped. Doyel opened her eyes to see him standing straight, looking at her.
"Turn around." He ordered.
Now she had no idea where this was going, but she did as he asked.
"I hope you don't mind a bit of contact." Saying this, he simply lifted her nightie from the back until it reached up to her waist and then put a hand on her bottom. This surprised Doyel. She had neither planned nor expected contact. Added to that the fact that she had never been touched directly on her skin by anyone since her mother stopped bathing her when she was six or seven. She had in fact anticipated some touching and groping from Samar and Arup, but her thoughts had concerned mostly other parts of her body. She had certainly not expected the first touch to be on her bottom. Even so, here she was, standing right at the entrance of her house with papers in one hand and a pen in the other wearing next to nothing, whilst her male friends waited upstairs to see her undress, and this complete stranger was playing with her naked buttocks. A gasp escaped her lips. He certainly was playing - not just touching.
Gupta was caressing her buttocks. He was taking turns on the sides, not her hips but the sides of her buttocks. He would caress one side for some time and move to the other side. He was surprisingly gentle. It was as if he was worshipping the beauty of her buttocks! And then his fingers moved to stroke each cheek full on, pinching a little as if testing their quality. Then he moved each up and down alternately in his hands before parting each cheek. What was he looking at!
"Bend over. Put your hands on the wall." Gupta commanded.
Doyel obeyed his instructions, biting her lip as she did so. She held on to the paper and pen and put her knuckles on the wall for support while bending at her waist pushing out her bottom towards Gupta. Until now, Gupta had been holding the lifted nightie with one hand. Now he pulled the hem right above her waist and rolled the length of the nightie up her back. She could feel its rolled weight nestling in in the dip of her lower back.
For her part, Doyel was momentarily alarmed. She was now in a position for sexual intercourse. One of many - of course - but a popular and easy position. A quick unzipping on Gupta's part and his no doubt already hard member could be poking down below her bottom cheeks and finding her entrance. Given how wet she was, Doyel knew from many solo experiences in bed that ingress would not be difficult for Gupta - unless he was very large. A thought for another time! In her bed she had stuffed herself with fingers and other times with...
Should she stop him now? But having secured the use of both his hands, Gupta unexpectedly squatted on the floor. This put his face directly at the level of Doyel's buttocks. He started again gently palming and caressing them with both hands. He seemed in no hurry and was very clearly enjoying playing around, caressing them, squeezing, and releasing them, and caressing them again.
Meanwhile, a relieved Doyel was loving the attention. She was loving being touched... even if she was also worried about how far this would or could go.
Gupta parted her buttocks and gently put a finger on her bottom hole. Doyel drew in a sharp breath. This was something she had not expected. Not only was someone other than herself touching her but...
"Doyel, is everything alright?" it was Arup's voice from the top of the stairs.
Doyel jerked out of her blissful sexual state.
"Yes, yes, everything's fine," she called back shrilly. Her voice not its normal self.
"Okay," Arup answered, apparently satisfied.
For a moment she was worried Arup would come down the stairs. She stood up, bringing her body to the vertical and allowing the nightie to fall back down. She turned to face Gupta, who was on his feet by then, looking serious.
"You seem to have company, Miss," he said, clearly annoyed, whilst almost snatching the set of papers and the pen from her.
"Yes, just a couple of friends," Doyel said as a matter of fact. It had perhaps been a good interruption. Had things been getting out of hand?
"Seems a guy..."
"Guys AND a girl, upstairs." She lied to avoid any further questions or remarks from Gupta.
"Hmmm. Thank you for your cooperation. Like I said, you will need to visit the office with some documents for further processing. Here is the list of documents," he handed her the list on a slip of paper.
"Tomorrow? Like you said before?" she asked to confirm.
"No, tomorrow will not be possible. I just remembered I have another appointment. Please visit on Friday."
"Okay, what time?"
"Around noon would be good." Doyel was not surprised at the choice of time. She knew it had to be around noon on Friday, since that was when the office would be mostly empty for lunch. Gupta needed that privacy. He would be hoping she would come alone.
"Alright. I will be there."
"Okay, see you then. Best if you were unaccompanied. I will need to carry out some further checks. Personal checks you understand. I hope for your... co-operation?" Gupta added. Then he did something unexpected. He brought his left hand forward and gently placed it on her exposed breast. Doyel just looked at his hand on her breast, and then looked at him. She said nothing.
Doyel saw Gupta smile for the first time since they met. He gently squeezed her breast and teased her nipple. "Your co-operation?"
"I will co-operate."
"You know, you are very beautiful." Saying this, Gupta simply turned and walked out the door.
Doyel kept standing just behind the door, her complete right side exposed, and a lovely feeling in her belly - the feeling of being appreciated. She loved how she felt at that moment and wanted it more.
She did not bother dressing back up. She had made up her mind about what she wanted to do next. She did not bother with the collapsible gate either. She simply closed the door and pulled up the latch. Then she turned and pulled the knot of the nightie on her left shoulder. It came untied. The nightie dropped to the floor from its own weight. She stepped out of it.
Doyel decided this was how she would be going upstairs to Arup and Samar. Naked, unadorned, her nipples extended and, yes, her wetness running down the inside of her thighs. An aroused young women. Aroused from both her exposure to Samar and Arup and now Gupta. This was Doyel in her sexually predatory avatar! A young woman in heat, a young woman knowing what she wanted.
She caught a glimpse of herself in a mirror and paused. It was a sight that pleased her. A young woman with a trim, brown body, with full, rounded breasts and perky hard nipples. She smiled at herself and both her lips and her doe like wide eyes smiled back at her, that dimple that was such a pretty feature appearing on her right cheek. She looked down at her sex, at the hairless mound with that little divide splitting it almost in two, and, just where it disappeared between her legs she could see, catching the light, a droplet of 'dew.'
'Dew' indeed! Sexual wetness. Sexual lubrication for... Doyel knew just how wet she was between her legs - wet and lubricated right up to inside her where only her fingers and... a few other things had travelled. She saw herself as the aroused young woman that she was. Visibly aroused. Perhaps a little less obvious than if it had been an aroused Samar, Arup, or Gupta naked on the stairs. What a sight that would be! Doyel relished the thought. A naked man rising up the stairs, his limbs moving and with penis extended and hard. What a sight that would be. Might Samar and Arup... but she was getting ahead of herself. She wanted to be naked with them, naked with them clothed - at first. Showing herself off. Gupta had taken an especial interest in her bottom and bottom hole. What might Samar and Arup want to see?
Doyel continued her walk on up the stairs.