“Good morning, my, little, ray of sunshine!” The chubby, Italian restaurant owner, said, as he entered the newsagent shop, that I work in. “How are you this morning?”
“Fine,” I replied, smiling, as I folded his newspaper and took a packet of his usual cigarettes from the shelf. I looked forward to Tullio’s visits, each day, he was a happy man, mid forties, with long black, wavy hair, and a big moustache. He always took the time to flatter me, which I appreciated.
As, he handed over a £10 note; he took a card from his jacket pocket, “How much will it cost to place an advert in your window?” He asked, as he passed it over the counter.
Local Camera ClubMODELS WANTEDPortrait & GlamourOver 18’s only.Generous hourly rate.
“That will be fifty pence, per week,” I replied. Tullio smiled, “I’ll go for the whole month, thanks.” He said in perfect English, but with a sexy Italian accent.
“I didn’t know that you were a photographer,” I told him, as I took his change from the till. “I am sure that there are many things that we don’t know about each other!” He laughed. “Yes, I love to take pictures of beautiful things, you know? A sunrise, a bright red Ferrari, a beautiful girl, it is all the same to me. My friend and I have a small studio, above one of my shops, where we have a darkroom, and some of our friends can take pictures, in private.”
As there were no other customers around, I continued the conversation, “What sort of photos need to be taken in private?” I joked. Tullio raised his eyebrows, and grinned, “Wouldn’t you like to know! A woman like yourself, would always be welcome.” I laughed, as a young boy entered the shop. As he was closing the door, he turned and looked at me, “We will talk about this tomorrow,” and left the shop.
I spent the rest of the day fantasising about being a model, or a girl in a ‘top shelf’ magazine. It was fun, but even though I had always been considered ‘pretty’, I felt that I would be too tall (5 ft. 9ins.) and my boobs (34DD) would be too big, but my fantasy was fun while it lasted.
At exactly the same time, the following day, Tullio came into the shop, “Good morning, my ray of sunshine, can I say that you look even more beautiful, today.” I had his paper and cigarettes prepared, and handed them over. As he passed me the £5 note, he smiled, and said, “ I have told my friend that you are interested in modelling for us, I have arranged for him to meet you in my restaurant. We will meet you at 1.30, don’t be late.”
My head was in a spin; he couldn’t possibly be serious, could he.
At 1.30, I was outside the restaurant, debating whether to go in, or not, my heart beating like a drum, and butterflies in my stomach.
“Julie, you are on time. I like that, in a person,” Greeting me with two kisses, Tullio held the door open for me. He then guided me, past a couple of customers, to a secluded table at the back, where a younger, English man, with glasses, was sitting. “This is Ian, who owns the camera shop, next door, and this is, the beautiful, Julie.” I blushed, as I shook hands.
As I sat down, he ordered some pasta and a bottle of wine, for the three of us, in Italian, from a gorgeous, muscle-bound, waiter.
Ian turned to me, “Tullio, tells me that you would like to pose for our club.”
I snapped, “This is all happening too quickly, I didn’t say that I would,” “You didn’t say that you wouldn’t!” Tullio responded.
“Why do you want me, surely there are plenty of younger girls who would love to model, for you” I asked them as the food arrived.
Ian looked at Tullio, who nodded, “Yes, we do get quite a few girls from the college, who like the money, and enjoy ‘showing off’, but some of our members would like to photograph a more………voluptuous, older woman. Not that you fall into the category of ‘older’!”
I should hope not! I am only 26, married, for the second time, and have a daughter, who is 6 years old.
“If I was interested, what would I have to do, nothing rude, I hope?”
They looked at each other, and smiled, they knew that I was interested, but how would they get me to commit?
When I had finished eating, Tullio suggested visiting the studio.
We went outside, and Ian unlocked the door next to the restaurant. He led the way, up the stairs; Tullio followed, muttering something in Italian, “What did you say?” I asked, “I am sorry, I was just telling myself that you have a fantastic arse!” I was wearing my favourite jeans, which are very tight, and do emphasis the shape. “The wine was taking effect, “Thank you,” I giggled.
There was an office, the studio, which was actually, quite large, and a couple of more rooms, which were locked, leading off. The studio had a small stage and was surrounded by some very professional, looking, lights and tripods and an assortment of chairs. There were also two large cupboards, that, when opened were full of, theatrical props, hats and some women’s clothing.
“My God, I thought that this was just for a few of your friends.” I turned to Tullio. “It is, but if a job is worth doing, it’s worth doing properly” he chuckled, “the members who use this, all shop with Ian, so the expense is worth it”.
There were also, three small bedrooms, with showers and toilets; there was even a pool table, “What are they for?” I asked, “Sometimes my new waiters have nowhere to stay, and sometimes, I like a bit of privacy.” They laughed at the ‘in joke’.
“So, what do you think?” Ian asked me, “You haven’t told me what sort of pictures you want me to pose for,” I replied.
“Well, there’s a meeting on Friday, you could do some portraits, and, if you want, some glamour shots, with your jeans and top on.” He looked at Tullio, who smiled “You don’t have to do topless………..unless you want to.”
The butterflies were back in my stomach.
“Okay!” I stuttered.
Friday would be good for me, as my daughter would be with her father, for the weekend, and my husband, Mick, would be working, setting up a stand, for an exhibition, somewhere, and not be home, until Tuesday, as usual.
I arrived, at the restaurant, at the agreed time, wearing my western boots, tight jeans, and a Lycra t-shirt, with a sports bag, full of t-shirts, blouses, and bra’s.
Tullio met me, and greeted me with a kiss, on the lips.
We went upstairs, where there were 6 guys and Ian, standing around, drinking coffee, chatting and fiddling with their cameras. As I was introduced, I heard two guys talking about my breasts, “Fucking Hell! Have you seen the size of them? I hope she gets them out,” the shorter one said, his friend replied, “Tullio hasn’t let us down, yet!” They both laughed.
As Tullio returned downstairs, Ian took me to a small changing room, which had a table, chair and large mirror. “This should give you some privacy, when you want to change outfits,” he told me, as he produced a bottle of wine and a glass.
“What should I wear?” I asked him, “You look fine, so why not start like that. Just come out, when you’re ready.” He replied.
I gulped two mouthfuls of wine, and made my way, onto the stage.
Ian placed a gold coloured chair, next to me, and announced, “As you know, this is Julie’s, first time, and she’s nervous, so what ever poses you want, ask me, instead of shouting at her.”
Over the next half-hour, I went through a number of poses, straddling the chair and bending over it. It was easier than I had expected, and I quickly relaxed, even suggesting some poses, myself.
Ian handed me my glass, and asked if I would mind changing my top, I nodded agreement, as I again, gulped at the wine.
In the changing room, I had just taken off my t-shirt, when I heard the clicking of a camera, startled, I turned around, the door was still open, continuing to take shots, of me, in my bra, the guy said, “OOPS! Sorry, I should have asked, but I couldn’t resist a couple of ‘voyeur’ shots,” the others were watching, smiling. I smiled back, “It’s okay, but you should have asked.”
I wore a white, silk shirt for the next session. A, larger, ‘throne’ type had replaced the original, chair. The poses were similar, until someone asked me to unbutton my shirt, I looked at Ian, who grinned and shrugged his shoulders. Slowly, I did as they had asked, leaving one, fastened at my bust. I could tell from their faces, that this was what they wanted, my cleavage look huge, and I felt my nipples poking through the lace of my bra.
My poses all consisted of me bending over, which I found quite stimulating. On impulse, I opened the last button, giving them a better view.
As I left the stage, to change, Ian again, approached me, “How do you feel about going topless? The guys would really appreciate it,” I smiled and raised my eyebrows, he gave a ‘thumbs up’, to his friends.
In my room, I removed my shirt and bra, and looked at myself in the mirror, my breasts were swollen, it was now or never, I teased my brown, nipples, took another long gulp of wine, and the bottle was empty, now. I slipped on a chiffon blouse, which was see through, again, only fastening, one button, and left my bra, on the table.
When I took my place on the stage, the guys were nudging each other, and looked very excited. I moved around, bending over, and squatting; my tits never actually coming into view. With my back, to them, I undid the button and took off my top. I was shaking with excitement, but the wine had made me very relaxed, and I was now losing all of my inhibitions. I turned round, with my arms in the air, the camera clicks sounded like machine-gun fire!
I posed for about 20 minutes, getting more excited, by the second, “ Drop your jeans, and show us your knickers,” someone shouted. Immediately, I undid the top button and pulled the zip down, exposing my red G-string, I couldn’t stop grinning, as I turned around, and slid the jeans down over my bum, flashing my cheeks, then pulling them up, just as quickly. I felt so naughty, my breasts wobbling, as I ran from the stage.
Ian joined me in my room, “thanks for a great night, the guys want to know if you’ll come back next week?” I didn’t need asking twice, frantically, nodding my head. When I had dressed, only Ian was left, “Tullio, would like you to join us for supper,” he said as we walked downstairs.
The restaurant was busy, but we were led to the same secluded table, where I sat between the two men. Tullio, called the same waiter, as before, and ordered food and wine for us.
“Tell me, did you enjoy yourself?” he asked, as he put his arm around my shoulder, he felt warm and was wearing very expensive cologne.
“Yes, it was wonderful, so exciting, Ian has asked me back, next week.”
“I’m sure he has, but, you didn’t show anything that you didn’t want to, did you?” Tullio looked at Ian, for confirmation.
With a big smile, Ian replied, “Well, you won the bet! We did see her tits! With a flash of arse, too!” Both men laughed out loud.
The, young waiter arrived with our wine, “Good health!” Tullio toasted me, “Bet, what bet?” I asked.
Hugging me firmly, and kissing my forehead, Tullio whispered, “We always have a small wager, on how long it takes a new model, to go topless, and, my dear, I will look forward to seeing the evidence!” His big hand squeezing my breast.
When we had finished our meal, Tullio called the young waiter over to our table, and handed him, his car keys, muttering something in Italian, the boy smiled and nodded, “His name is Sandro, and I’ve told him, no Hanky-Panky! We are busy, so he must come straight back!” As I squeezed past him, Tullio grabbed my arse, and laughed as I drunkenly sat on his knee, wriggling on his groin. As his English was very poor, conversation was at a minimum, as Sandro drove me home in the large Mercedes. When we arrived at my home, I was now feeling very, very horny, and invited him in ‘for a coffee’, which, he politely refused, and drove off. I needed sex, as soon as possible. Frustrated, I got into bed, my pussy was on fire, so I had to take out my dildo, and fuck myself to sleep
The next three Fridays followed the same pattern, with more men turning up each week, as they where, now, guaranteed to see my enormous breasts. I used the wages, to buy new underwear and stockings, which I wore in the scenarios that they would create for me. The skimpier the underwear, or costume, the more photos they would take. Their favourite positions were, me leaning forward, over a chair, drooping my breasts, licking my own breasts or with my legs open, trying to get a flash of my pussy. I would, also, wear some of the outfits, from the wardrobes; ‘wench’, ‘police woman’ (with truncheon!), and everybody’s favourite – ‘naughty schoolgirl’!
Tullio started to attend, with his camcorder, getting up very close to my tits and between my legs, I didn’t like to ask what he did with the tape, but it was fun thinking about it!
When we finished, Ian and I would join Tullio for supper, as I would have no one to go home to, and look at the pictures from the previous week. Seeing the pictures of myself showing my body, especially my tits, to a bunch of strangers was becoming more of a turn on each week.
Each week Sandro would take me home, and always refuse my offer of ‘coffee’, and my trusty dildo would be used to great effect.
My husband, Pete was also, feeling the benefit, as I would jump on him the moment he returned from working away! He thought that I had been missing him! Bless!
Although, I was still refusing to take my pants off, I knew that it would only be a matter of time, before I would give in.
As we were having supper, on the fourth Friday, Tullio said, “I am sorry, but we wont be needing you next Friday,” my heart sank, “we have decided to use some of the girls from the college, for a few weeks.” Then he looked at Ian, who took up the conversation, “Now that you are enjoying yourself, Tullio and I would like to ask a favour, of you.”
Their eyes met, “If you would be willing, we would like to use you for some………..private pictures, without the others. Of course it would mean more money, but the pictures would be,” again, he looked at Tullio, “fully nude, and………well, personal, ‘top shelf’, you know what we mean?’.” He whispered the last few words.
Because I was drunk, and still horny from my last session, I asked, “How personal?” The butterflies had returned to my stomach, and I felt my nipples expanding, as the words came out.
“How personnel would you let us go?” Tullio asked.
I looked up and grinned.
They struck, while the iron was hot, and the following lunchtime, I met both men, outside of the camera shop, with my bag of goodies in my hand.
“Are you sure about this?” Ian asked, “Of course she is, look at her titties,” Tullio told him, as he stared at my nipples, which were poking out of my shirt, again. I blushed, he was right; I was up for anything, this afternoon.
The studio was empty, as Tullio opened a bottle of wine and Ian turned on the lights.
I looked at them; “I’ll get ready, then. What do you want me to wear?” For the first time, I felt in charge of the situation. “Anything black, would be nice,” Ian replied.
I went into the changing room and took out an array of underwear, and my collection of dildos, in a small bag.
Guessing what they wanted, I undressed, only leaving my knickers on. When I entered the studio, they whistled their approval, as I walked towards them, my tits swinging, from side to side. “Is this what you want?” I asked. Tullio, smiled, “Let’s use one of the bedrooms,” and guided me to one of the small rooms.
Ian quickly set up a camera, and lights. I began rolling around, on the bed, posing in any amount of provocative positions. Then, as I was on all fours, facing away, from them, I removed my knickers, showing my neatly trimmed, pussy, for the first time. “My God! That is beautiful, can I touch it?” Tullio asked. I shook my head, “No!” I told him. Rolling onto my back, I pulled my legs up to my shoulders, my hole gaping open, for them. Tullio, nearly put his camcorder inside, he was so close.
When Ian’s film ran out, I decided to put on, one of my new outfits, a black basque, tiny knickers, seamed stockings and high heals.
After applying an extra coat of lipstick, I made my entrance, “Wow!” Tullio gasped. “Where do you want me, on the stage?”
I placed my small, bag at the front, and started parading around the large, gold, chair.
Ian had three cameras set up, and Tullio was using his camcorder. I bent over, in a number of seductive ways, pulling my top down, letting my tits swing free. Holding onto the chair, with my arse facing them, I stroked my pussy, it was as wet as I’d hoped, moving my fingers across, I pulled the tiny strip, to one side, exposing my fanny, again.
Tullio was kneeling beside me, getting a ‘close up’ shot. He moved away, allowing me the room to sit down, to remove my pants. I opened my legs as far as possible letting them feast their eyes, on my huge tits and soaking wet cunt. I began rubbing myself, slipping one, then three fingers into the sopping hole. Biting my lip, I whispered, “Open the bag,” Ian did as I’d asked, “Fucking hell, have you seen this lot!” he shouted, as he poured the contents onto the floor, “Give me the black one!” I whispered huskily. It was in my hand in a second! Opening my hole with my fingers, I moved the tip along the slit, two or three times, then slowly slid it inside. I don’t use this very much, because at 13 inches long, I have to be very wet to accept it. It went in very easily. With one leg over the chair arm, I fucked myself with my ‘black monster’, purring and groaning with pleasure. I was hoping that they were still taking pictures, I needn’t have worried, Tullio was back, between my legs with his camera. After a couple of minutes, of this exquisite fucking, I rubbed my clit, and came with a breathtaking climax.
I pulled the dildo out, and dropped it onto the floor, landing, with a thump.
“Was that ‘personal, enough, for you?” I asked, as I stood up, and walked back to my dressing room. “Too fucking true!” Tullio said, as he placed a new film in his camcorder, adjusting his hard-on, at the same time.
Ian spoke up, “ Let’s use the pool table next.”
I changed into my white Wonderbra, stockings, suspenders and no knickers. When I walked out they had moved some lights around the table, and set the balls up, as if we were going to start a game.
“I’ll help you,” Tullio said, as he put one hand on my hip and the other inside my thigh, as I attempted to climb up, onto the table. I cocked my left leg up, onto the edge, giving him the opportunity to slide his hand between my legs, and touch my throbbing pussy. As he tried to get a finger inside, I scrambled away, “Cheeky bugger! You can stop that, that’s for later!” The words were out of my mouth, before I could stop myself.
They looked at each other, and then at me. “I’ll keep my hands to myself……until later” he emphasised the last words. I stuck my tongue out, at him.
Ian positioned me in the corner of the table, as if my hole was the pocket that the balls would go into. Ian unclipped my bra, and slyly felt my tits. I did some poses kneeling, pretending to ‘suck’ the cue, and then I rubbed the ‘fat’ end against my pussy, spreading my legs, eventually sliding it inside. This was too much for Tullio, who, had already stripped off, climbed up, to join me. I lay on my back, sliding the cue in and out, as he proudly showed me his cock; it was about six inches long, and quite thick. He placed it in my mouth; it tasted sweaty, which was wonderful. Lying on my side I started to suck him like crazy, continuing to fuck myself with the cue. After a couple of minutes, of my blow-job, and him fondling my enormous tits, his body tensed up, and hot come splashed into my mouth and down my throat. As he pulled out, some seed dripped down my chin, onto my tits. As I scooped it up, with my finger, to put in my mouth, I was aware of Ian pulling the cue out of my cunt, then replacing it, with his face. When his tongue lapped against my clit, I went into spasms, as my orgasm tore through my body.
Ian raised his head, his mouth and chin, covered in my love juice, he was pulling his trousers down, when he said, “It might not be as big as that dildo, but it is real!” “Quick, put it in!” I shouted, still swallowing Tullio’s spunk. He did as he was told. Burying his face in my breasts, he rammed into me, like a schoolboy, in under a minute, I felt the hot wave, enter my womb, he was shaking as lay on top of me.
As we climbed off the table, Ian thanked me, for letting him fuck me! I kissed him, on the cheek. Looking at Tullio, I said, “I hope that you’re not finished? I’m just getting started!” then went into my dressing room. I caught my reflection, in the mirror; I had spunk on my chin and cheek.
Four weeks ago, I was a housewife, working in a shop, now I had been semi-naked in front of a group of 14 men, masturbated for two others, sucking one and letting the other fuck me. I grinned at the thought.
When I opened the door, just wearing my black stockings and suspenders, with a pair of high heals; Sandro was standing next to Tullio. They were both, only wearing boxer shorts, but as short and fat as Tullio was, Sandro was six feet tall, with rippling muscles, and was completely hairless.
The elder man laughed, “I hope you don’t mind, but Ian is a ‘one shot’ man, and well, we know that you like my son, so…….”
His son!
We went back into the bedroom, I lay on the bed, quickly joined by Tullio, who immediately began suckling my tits, and stroking me between the legs. Ian was taking photos, of ‘the action’, as he called it.
I looked at Sandro, “Aren’t you going to join us?” He grinned, and slipped off his shorts, releasing the biggest cock that I had ever seen, it was huge, nearly as big as my black dildo! My eyes were on stalks, as Ian told him to kneel beside my head. Up close it looked fantastic. I took hold and kissed the purple tip, he let out a sigh, then ran his fingers through my hair. I could only get four or five inches in, but worked up a head of steam, sucking and licking, as if my life depended on it. When I saw the photos, later, I was so wet, Tullio actually, had his whole hand inside my fanny!
After five, or six minutes, Ian asked, them to change positions, Tullio was ‘rock hard’ again, as he pushed it into my mouth, I could still taste his spunk, from my earlier blow job. With my knees raised to my stomach, and my legs wide apart, I thought that I would be prepared for Sandro, but when the tip, entered my hole, I began to panic, it felt massive. I tried to take the cock from my mouth, to tell him to stop, but Tullio was too excited, and was holding my head in place, as his hips pushed his own cock into my throat.
I was struggling to get free, when the ‘monster’ entered me, in one long push. Ian was now standing next to us, with the camcorder, urging him on, “Go on, fuck her, the bitch loves it! She can take it! I’ve never seen anyone take the whole thing! Fucking Hell! Tullio, she can take it all!”
As Sandro was sliding in, with ease now, my panic subsided. I was now enjoying myself. Every thrust felt like it would split my fanny and womb. This was awesome; sucking Tullio’s fat cock, having my sweaty tits roughly squeezed and fondled, as I was being fucked by a handsome young stud, with a huge cock.
“Spunk on her face! I want to see her swallow your spunk!” Ian was shouting, as he captured every moment on videotape, “Grab her tits, shake them!” he continued. Tullio, eased out of my mouth, and started wanking, in front of me. Sandro, suddenly, increased the speed of his fucking, taking my breath away. Then squatting over my tits, he joined his father, tugging on his long, shiny weapon. Within a minute, the first of their spunk shot out of Tullio’s knob, hitting me on the cheek, “Open your mouth, I want to see it on your tongue, go on Sandro, make her drink it!” I obliged, opening my mouth, as wide as possible. Tullio fired even more goo, at me, which went straight in, seconds later Sandro erupted, emptying even more hot, sticky spunk into my mouth. It was like a game, as I moved my head, trying to catch every last drop, from each man. I managed to get most of it, but some landed in my hair and on my face.
Together, Sandro and Tullio placed their cocks, against my lips, for me to lick the last drops, off. Holding their, softening cocks, I pulled both knobs into my mouth, and flicked my tongue over the tips. As they moved away from the bed, Ian said, “Open your mouth, again, squeeze your tits,” and pointed the camera, at my spunk filled mouth, “Now swallow it.” Keeping my mouth open, for the camera, I did. It was still hot and lumpy, and the taste was divine.
As, the men moved away from the bed, my hand slipped between my legs. My cunt was swollen, wet and throbbing. Closing my eyes, I began rubbing my clit, with two fingers, Ian quickly positioned himself, at the bottom of the bed with the camera, filming the final moments of this fantastic afternoon.
When I had orgasmed, with an almighty scream, Tullio kissed me, on the lips, flicking his tongue inside, tasting their juice. “ If you would like, we will leave you, for a few moments.”
I lay on the bed, reliving the last couple, of hours, playing with myself, another twice.
When I re-entered the studio, the men had already dressed.
“For you,” Tullio said, as he handed me a large glass of wine. “Did you enjoy yourself?” he asked. Still only wearing my stockings and shoes I nodded, “Yes, it was a dream come true,” I said, grinning; revelling in the effect that my nakedness was still having on them, Sandro was adjusting his hard-on.
Tullio, looked at his watch, “I am sorry, my dear, much as I would like to continue, I must get back to the restaurant.” He kissed me on the cheeks, “but, Sandro will drive you home, and can ‘stay for a coffee, if you would like!”
Sandro drove me home, and did come in, but coffee was the last thing on my mind!
We were hardly through the door, when I was pulling his jeans down, and pulled his huge, soft, cock out of his shorts. Kneeling, in my own hallway, I took him in my mouth and sucked him until he was hard, again. Leading him by the cock, we went into the living room, where we fucked and sucked for another hour.
Tullio rang me, later that night, to invite me back, the following Friday.
After my ‘topless’ session, with the members, we had supper, with Ian. After discussing how much I had enjoyed our Saturday session, we agreed for me to alternate, Friday night glamour, one week, and Saturday ‘hardcore’ the next.
As I left the table, Ian handed me a package, “Open it when you get home.” He told me, then, looking at Tullio and said, “We have some more friends, that would pay, a lot of money, to be present, the next time. Will you think about it, please?” I raised my eyebrows and smiled, “You never know!”
Sandro drove me home, but wouldn’t come in, but this time he played with my tits as I gave him a quick blowjob.
I opened the package; it was a collection of photos, and a video, from the previous Saturday. As I poured myself a large G & T, I was shocked, but turned on at the range of things that we had done. I spent the next two hours, and most of the weekend, masturbating and fucking myself with dildos, as I watched my very own ‘porno tape’.
Julie