I woke up in a my bedroom room feeling sore and full with my swollen engorged cunt, maybe because I had been fucked and filled with cum like a turkey on thanksgiving. Every slight movement I made I was rewarded with a squirt of cum occasionally running down my pussy to my asshole, I didn't want to waste a single drop of cum since I was addicted to it, so I decided that I would get my custom made cork for my vagina specially made to keep all the cum in my deep hole. But before that I decided to plunge my fingers into me loose sloppy cunt, I love to feel the cum mixing with my juices to create a great tasting cocktail (trust me I know) that I might think of pouring my contents into a glass for later consumption.
My custom made cum cork was not conspicuous by many means with a large piece of shaped purple plastic with a short rod for me to grip with, I plugged up my pussy with the cork to stop any spillage running down my leg and onto the floor and got myself ready to take a nice warm shower to clean off any excess cum that might have been clinging to my body. Although I was cleaned on the outside I was filled up to the brim on the inside and with every step I took made a quiet slurping and squelching noise with got me even more horny, I was deciding what to wear for today and I decided to take a look at all my slutty clothes in my wardrobe.
My clothes in the wardrobe were not made to hide my body from public view, with all my tight small skirts and all my revealing blouses and paper thing shirts which made my breasts and body practically say 'fuck me like a whore' to the public. Now to say my body was attractive is an understatement with my full 36DD natural bust which was always braless, in a matter of fact I don't even own a bra since I love the feeling of people staring at my bare breast and how they feel when my hard nipple rub against the fabric. And my full round ass which despite how many dicks I have taken over my life it was still pretty tight and puckered whenever I felt and looked at it and my pussy was always different with it still being tight someday and very loose on others whenever I had taken a huge amount of dicks last night which filled my pussy with semen that's still in being held there with my cork.
I couldn't decide to wear my straight micro skirt or my loose micro skirt, either way it will make sure that my cum filled puss and ass in will on show to everyone how much of a slut I am. I decided that I will wear a tight low down strapless shirt what shows off all my bust and even shows the top of my areola, after I put my hair in a pin up style which makes it easy to grab if giving a blow job which I might possibly do since it's been a couple of ours since I swallowed fresh cum, I mean I have some small bottles of stored cum in my fridge but nothing can beat the feeling of freshly squirted out cum being forced down your throat. I pull out a bottle to down it but I poured a bit too much in my mouth and it accidently overflowed onto my chin and drip down to my chest, not even coming up for air while drinking since I'm use to giving blowjobs for minutes my lungs and built up quite an air capacity, anyway when I was gulping down the cum in the bottle a small stream of cum dripped from my chin onto my chest which made me feel giddy knowing how people will talk about me in front of my face or behind my back.
When I felt like I was slutty enough with the loud squelching noise coming from my legs and my visible pussy cork which could be seen from any angle. My upper body was now bouncing and jiggling from the way I had to walk from the cork in my legs I picked up my car keys from my bedside draw and started to walk out of my house to my car, ready for the day ahead.