This happened long ago when my wife to be and I were in our last semester of college. It was in the Spring and we had an unseasonably warm day. Linda and I decided to go to the beach. We packed a cooler and got a blanket and towels and took off. Now this was the first time we were going to the beach together. For the past summers we would go to our homes, hundreds of miles apart. I expected my fiancée to have a modest one piece swim suit since, except for one time, she did not show off her body, and that one time she was ignorant of the effect of her clothing. When we pulled into the parking lot, we noticed that there were very few cars as this was a Monday and off season, and the beach had few people there.
After I parked Linda grabbed the towels and jumped out and headed towards the beach. I got the cooler and towels and followed. Linda walked to a place near a much older man. We were slightly to his right and about 15 feet away. Linda announced that this was a good place to put the blanket. I was surprised at this selection of the site. We could have been away from everyone and have had some privacy since there was a lot of empty space at the beach, but said nothing.
Linda was wearing a pair of uncharacteristically tight shorts and top over her bathing suit. She stood facing the old guy and removed her top by slowly unbuttoning it, seemingly oblivious of her audience or what effect she was creating. When she removed her top, it was revealed that she was wearing a white bikini. I was surprised, her bathing suit showed some cleavage! Although she had a lot to show, this suit showed just a bit, but it was new to me to see her displaying any of her breasts. She did not help her top out when she bent over to place her blouse on the blanket. I was shocked! Her bending over caused her top to move down and even more tit flesh to bulge out. The old guy had been sitting on a beach chair reading a book when we arrive. Now however, his book was in his lap and Linda had his full attention.
Next, Linda unbuttoned her shorts and pulled the zipper down. It seemed to me be an erotic display. Once doing that she turned so that her back (and more importantly, her ass) was facing the stranger. She had to wriggle out of her short due to the tightness. I became aware that this was like a strip tease. The old guy was all eyes too, especially when her bikini bottom started coming down with her shorts, revealing some of her bare ass.
I was a little ticked off with this guy ogling my wife to be, who in my mind was innocent of intentionally showing off. She just did not realize what a display she put on. In any event, my displeasure was dissipated when Linda said, "Let's get in the water. Last one in is a rotten egg." She had already taken off for the water and I became the rotten egg as she just beat me in.
The air temperature may have been warm but the water was not. Linda shrieked that it was cold and turned and started to run to the blanket. I followed and noticed that her bikini bottom, now that it was wet, had become translucent! I was shocked to see that the material of her suit clung to her form and I could make out very clearly her fabulous ass cheeks and the crack of her ass. I was behind and to the side of Linda and could also see her full fat breasts jump around in her top. I could also see our beach companion's eyes widen as he stared at my wife to be.
I ran ahead and saw that the suit in the front was no better at concealing her charms. The coldness of the water had made her thick long nipples stand at attention (at least I thought it was the cold that did it) and the water had the effect of causing her suit to droop down around her breast some more and expose more of those large, full globes.
Her top was the same as her bottom. I passed her by running and saw the outline of her nipples as her breast flopped around as she ran. I could also see the outline of her bush. It was not subtle.
Linda seemed oblivious to this further display and did not look at our old neighbor or she would have realized something was amiss as it looked like his eyes would bulge out. Ok, I exaggerate, but he was very interested and enjoying the sight as his smile (and bulge in his shorts) showed.
She acted as if nothing was happening and nothing was out of the ordinary. But it was! This conservative young woman was showing her body in public as far as I was concerned.
When we got back to our blanket, Linda dried herself facing in the direction of our observant friend. When she bent over to dry her legs her top gave way some more and a substantial amount of her tits were visible. Our old neighbor took it all in.
I felt a mass of confused emotions. I didn't know what to do. I felt like protesting or telling the guy not to look, but I would look the fool if I did. And another thing happened - I realized that my penis was growing thick. This caused even more confusion. I had never heard of men enjoying having their wives or fiancées ogled in public. I thought there was something wrong with me, but I realized that despite all I was enjoying this on some level.
While on the blanket, Linda lay on her stomach and read a book as she held herself up by her elbows, which again afforded a good deal of her pendulous breasts to come out of her top, to the delight of our neighbor.
After a time, she got hot and decided to take a quick dip to cool off just before we had to leave. The show was pretty much like the last time she exited the water. Our beach mate was not about to leave while all this was going on. He did not seem to care that I could see him intently viewing my fiancée's body.
Linda did not want to wear a wet suit in the car so decided to change using the old towel wrapped around the body to afford some privacy. She had the seam of the towel on her side, facing the old guy. She held it with her left hand and with her right grabbed her bikini bottom. Of course, the seam of the towel parted and her leg and ass in profile was on display. Taking off the top caused a similar display but more so as it was higher on her body.
She somehow managed to gyrate into her shorts without any more being displayed than was previously displayed. To put on the top, she finally showed some modesty by turning her back to the man and slipping on her blouse. However, she left a number of buttons undone. Why didn't I intercede and help out as she struggled with the towel to provide some modesty and failed? I was ashamed to admit it but I enjoyed her showing off. I felt a little proud. After all she was mine. He could only look.
As we walked out, her unrestrained breasts wobbled in her shirt and her nipples poked the material. She chose a path that took us by our elder observer.
When we got close to him, he said, "Thanks."
Linda appeared surprised. She said, innocently, "For what?" as if she genuinely was confused.
"For providing me the sight of a beautiful young woman who not only competed with the beautiful sight of the beach and ocean but won the completion," he said.
Linda loved the complement and simply said, "Thank you."
We were more than half way to the car when Linda announced, with dismay, that she had lost her bracelet. She told me to go on and she would go back and look. Once I got everything settled in the car, I started back to the beach. I saw Linda on her hands and knees, searching the sand as she followed our path out. She was heading straight for our old voyeur. His eyes were riveting on her; and why not? Her partially buttoned blouse was affording a great view of her substantial breasts.
For some reason, I stopped, moved from their line of sight, and watched. When she arrived at his feet, she looked up and engaged him in conversation. He must have been in heaven, having a beautiful, buxom, young woman kneeling at his feet, showing off her big breasts. Then she stood as he pointed with his right hand to the area where we had been. I then noticed that his left hand had vacated the arm rest of his chair. I could not see where it was as Linda's body was between me and his hand. Was it on her leg, or more?! Or was it just on his knee? In any event, I started making my way towards them. When I got there I was disappointed that it was just on his knee. My disappointment shocked me. Why would any normal man be disappointed that another man was not taking liberties with his fiancée?
When I arrived, my fiancée said: "No luck in finding it, honey. Now I know we have to go to our event this afternoon and no more time for searching. At least it was an inexpensive bracelet, even though I did like it."
With that her new friend piped up, "Well if you have to go, I will look for it and call you if I find it. What's your number?"
"Oh thank you! I would so appreciate it." She said and then gave him our phone number. I thought did this just really happen? The old guy got my wife's number. It would not be the last time we heard from him. My wife to be was again seemingly oblivious to it all.
When we got home, Linda's bracelet was discovered in the cooler. She was embarrassed and felt sorry for the man who undoubtedly was searching for the bracelet.
That night after we returned from our event, we got a call. I answered.
"Hello, I want to talk to your fiancée. I am the man she met at the beach today."
I turned the phone over to Linda.
"Oh, hello ... Yes, of course ... oh, well thanks for looking anyway; that was sweet. ... well that is nice of you to offer but I am engaged and do not date. In fact, I never have, except for going with my fiancée."
Obviously I could not hear what he was saying, but I was astounded at his gall, asking my wife to be on a date?! Aside from his gall, why would a young, attractive, very well built woman go with an old gnome like him?
"Oh, it wouldn't be like a real date? ... Hmmm, I guess you may be right ... Oh, I am so sorry to hear that. When did you lose her? ... Yes, yes, of course ... Ok, I'll put myself in your hands."
Even though she said this last part with a giggle, I was taken aback. What was going on? How did we get from do not date to placing herself in the hands of this chubby old guy? There were long pauses in the conversation on my fiancée end. I could not imagine what he said to cause this softening of her position.
"Ok, ok, Friday at 7. We live at [she gave our home address to him]. See you then."
WHAT! She just made a date with him!!?
She hung up. Immediately, I confronted her.
"No, it's not a date date. He felt bad that I had lost my bracelet. I could not bring myself to tell him otherwise. He wanted to cheer me up due to my loss. I told him no, but he told me that it was not really a date, just a friendly get together and that he had not been out enjoying dinner with a woman since his wife passed away. I felt terrible for him. He told me to trust him, to put myself in his hands and we would both have a good time just as friends sharing drinks and dinner. So I agreed. I felt sorry for him and it is only one night. The rest of the time I am yours."
Her last statement - what did that imply? That she was his for Friday night?! In any event, I said, "What about our plans for Friday night? We were going to the movies, remember?"
"Oh, no. I completely forgot. There is no way to contact him either. Why don't we postpone it until Saturday? You won't be sorry," she said this last part rather coquettishly. Then she moved in to kiss me, showing more passion that in the past. So I quickly agreed that Saturday would work. This led to more and we ended up having the hottest sex of our lives. Hmmmm, I thought, if agreeing to go on a date with this guy leads to this, let's keep it coming! Then I came to my senses. I did not want my wife to be dating other men, even those who posed no threat, but this date was too late to do anything about. So I remained quiet on the subject.
The next night he called. I answered and he told me to put Linda on the phone. Told me - I was really getting to dislike this guy.
"Oh hello John. ... Oh, that is really too much - the Sans Sousi? That's way too expensive. ... Well, ok then. ... Well I have the basic little black dress. ... No, it does not show cleavage! ... No, it is double D, sometimes triple ... Yes, you are right! ... Close; it is 40, why are you asking? ... Oh no, you cannot. That's too much. ... No, no, you are right. ... Dress size is 12. ... Ok and really - thank you. ... Yes I know, place myself in your hands."
Another inappropriate phone call! I asked her what the hell was that about, cleavage, measurements, dress. The San Sousi, we cannot afford that.
"Are you jealous?" She asked with a giggle. That set me on the defensive. I told her no, not at all. Then she told me that he had sold his company and had loads of money and wanted to spend it. He also wanted her to be comfortable at the San Sousi where people went dressed in the latest fashion. So he was going to send a dress to her. "It's all harmless. I am just indulging a lonely old man," she said.
I didn't like it; I didn't like his talking with her about her body, but was mollified when Linda came onto me again and we enjoyed another round of great sex, unlike our past efforts. Again, for a few moments, I thought it was great that he was calling her about taking her on a date. I certainly got a benefit. However, it occurred to me that he was making great inroads, causing her to become sexually excited. And a new realization came over me. I was turned on by the idea of someone dating my soon to be wife. What was wrong with me? So I was conflicted.
The next day a package arrived for Linda. I did not see the contents until she wore them on Friday.
Friday finally arrived and Linda went to the hairdresser, took a long bath during which she shaved her legs smooth. She took care with her makeup and then shooed me out to the living room while she dressed. A bit before 7, John arrived. It was so odd. It seemed to me that I would play the part of the father of a daughter preparing for her date with a young beau. However, he was not young and assumed control immediately, thereby reversing the dynamic I expected.
He greeted me with, "Is Linda ready?"
When I told him she was still dressing, he said he may as well have a drink while he waited and asked what I had. I looked and realized that we had only one beer in the refrigerator. I told him so and he said, "Well bring that to me." I noted he did not ask. He was acting the way he looked. He looked like a capitalist from a newspaper political cartoon. He was short, portly, balding (and not at all attractive). The only thing missing was the big cigar. I suppose I assumed the role of labor as I brought him the ordered beer. There was something about him; he had a command voice and presence. I suppose running a successful company created those and he expected that his orders would be obeyed. I was a little surprised at my passivity since I was much bigger and fitter than he.
As he sat there, it was clear that he was not going to engage me in conversation. He acted like I was not there or was a servant would be more like it. He told (again, not asked) me to put on the news on the TV. Again, I simply complied without comment of protest. What was wrong with me?
Shortly after, my wife came out and she looked fabulous. It was clear that she took great pains to look her best and did. She did not do that when we were going out (the comfortable shoe syndrome I suppose). She had on a short black dress, which flared out from her hips so that if she twirled I suppose it would elevate and reveal even more leg (and more), black seamed stockings (new - had not seen them before), black heels, and a scarf used as a shall covering her shoulders and top.
John said, "You look great but you should lose the shawl, it detracts from the dress."
Linda flushed but dutifully removed the shawl. Holy cow! I thought when I saw the large expanse of tit flesh that was exposed! Excuse me; I suppose I should say décolletage or cleavage as the denizens of the San Sousi would probably say. I almost blurted out that she could not go out like that. However a flicker of excitement held my tongue. Again, I internally chastised myself for having such a feeling of excitement at the prospect of my wife to be showing off her body like that in public.
Soon they were off. I tried to study but unbidden images of my fiancée's public exposure and of my fiancée and John together came in my mind. I had very mixed feeling about the whole thing alternating from excitement to revulsion to self-loathing for my failure to put my foot down.
I was pacing and looking out the window when, finally, I saw John's car pull up. I went to the door of our apartment to see through the peep hole how the date would terminate.
When they arrived at the door, they stood facing each other a few feet from the door. I heard Linda say, "Thank you. I had a wonderful time."
"I'm glad you did. You see, putting yourself in my hands worked out pretty well, didn't it?"
"Oh, yes. I'm glad I did and had this opportunity."
"Well I am glad too. It has been ages since I had such a delightful companion. You are beautiful, intelligent, and engaging. I thoroughly enjoyed myself. It felt great walking into the restaurant with every man jealous of me, wishing they were with you. Did you also enjoy all that male attention?"
"Well, I can't lie. It is always nice to be noticed. I was flattered," my fiancée admitted.
"In this dress you will always be noticed. It shows off your beautiful figure quite well. You felt comfortable in it, no?"
"Well, after a bit I did. I felt it was too much, hence the scarf at first, but I did like the attention."
Now they were talking comfortably about my fiancée's body and her showing it off! I was surprised but a little turned on too.
"Next Friday there is a charity gala. The theme for the woman is Chinese dress. Don't worry; I will take care of that for you. I'll pick you up at 6?"
What he was going for another date?!
"Well, John, as I told you before, I am not in a position to accept dates from men not my fiancée," she said in an almost reluctant voice.
"Oh my dear, this is not a date. You are just accompanying me to the Gala. Many people come with a friend. Besides it will be great fun, the social event of the season. I will not go alone. There will be many people with whom I used to do business and hope to again and their wives there. I do not want them to dwell on my status as a widower. So you see you must come as an act of mercy. Also, by coming this worthwhile charity will get my contribution. If not, no money from me. Place yourself in my hands and all will be well just like tonight."
My fiancée caved. "Ok. I agree it is not a real date so I will say yes."
"Good. So you will place yourself in my hands," he said as he put his hands on her hips.
"Yes, I will place myself in your hands," my fiancée conceded.
"Wonderful!" he exclaimed; and, with that, he leaned forward and kissed the exposed breast flesh and then moved up and kissed her on the lips. My wife to be was very flustered. She just stood there in something of shock. Then he said, "That was so lovely and it's been so long since I kissed a woman. May I have another?"
Before she could answer, he put one hand behind her head and pulled her towards him. Their met again and this time, it was not a quick kiss. It must have lasted 20 or 30 seconds. Due to the poor quality of the peep hole I could not tell if it were a French kiss or not. However, Linda did not pull away. Another surprise on this night of surprises.
They broke the kiss and Linda seemed to come to her senses. "Ok. I will see you next Friday." With that she reached for her key and I retreated so that when she saw me it would look like I was studying the whole time.
When she came in I asked how her "date" had gone. She was flushed and excitedly told me it was a lot of fun and described the San Souci and all the people who were there and the food and the wine. She was still excited, but, I wondered from the dinner or from the kiss. I asked if tried to pull any funny stuff. She just laughed (a little nervously?) and said no, he was the perfect gentleman. Perhaps in another age kissing the top of a woman's breasts and giving her a prolonged kiss is a sign of a perfect gentleman.
"Let's go to bed," she excitedly exclaimed. Wow - she was like another woman in bed, very aroused and excited. It was a new height for our sex life. I had to admit that John was having a positive affect on our sex life.