This story is mostly fictitious, only some names have been changed to protect the guilty. Chronologically, it follows on from Cedar Hill Cheerleaders chapter 8.
*****
"Oh, shit!" James screamed.
"What's wrong?" Chantelle asked.
"I think I've been stung; oh!" James explained.
And there it was; Chantelle could see the bee hanging by its stinger from his skin.
At the time this story starts James was a senior at Cedar Hill High School, and one of its geeks. He spent his week nights either doing homework or studying; and most Saturdays found him at the school's audio/visual laboratory editing videos he had taken of the previous school sporting events.
*****
Earlier that Saturday, Chantelle sat eating breakfast. She had on a white T-shirt that clung to her breasts, and a thin sky-blue mini-skirt with no underwear. Her phone sat between her legs on top of her skirt. Why? Because her mother didn't like seeing the dirty phone on the table.
Chantelle Spiros was a cheerleader at Cedar Hill High School, where she was a senior. She was tall with the flawless body of a dancer; long smooth legs, and firm modest breasts high up on her chest, and close enough to form a delightful cleavage. Her long dark hair was in contrast with her fair skin and blue eyes. At school she was always immaculately dressed, and looking like she'd spent the morning in a beauty salon. She and James were an item.
Suddenly her phone began to vibrate, tickling her clit. She looked down and saw the call was from Antoinette (Tonni) Arthur.
Antoinette (Tonni) Arthur was a junior at Cedar Hill high school. She was a brilliant student and had managed to be promoted to the senior Audio/Video laboratory sessions, where she was James' partner.. It was James who introduced Tonni to Chantelle, and she and Tonni soon became very close friends.
"Hi Tonni."
"Hi... You remember my older brother Natty; don't you? He lets us into the Greenholt Gardens after they close."
"Yeah. So?"
"Well, he just told me how we can legally escape the covid lockdown for a few hours."
"Really?
"Yep."
"That would be great. I miss Jamie and my friends, almost as much as I hate school over the internet; err."
"Yeah; I know... I should explain. Natty looks after two beehives at Greenholt Gardens. He never told you that, did he?"
"Nah... Are there really hives in the gardens? I've never seen any."
"The hives on the north side of the garden, not far from the Shamrock restaurant. I believe Natty told you to stay away from there because the staff sometimes work late."
"Yeah; he did say that..."
Just then Chantelle's brother Steve entered with a bowl of cereal, "Mornin' sis."
Chantelle continued, "Does he really look after the bees?"
Steve looked stunned hearing Chantelle mention bees. "What?"
Chantelle put a finger to her lips to ask Steve to be quiet, just as Tonni answered, "Yep."
"So, what's that got to do with the lockdown?"
"Well; beekeepers are allowed to break the lockdown in order to look after their bees. So, if you and Jamie pretend to help Natty, then we can have a get-together at the garden's canteen."
"Great." Chantelle face lit up at the thought of being with James. "When should we be there?"
"Natty told me he likes to do the bees early in the morning because there is normally less wind at that time. So, let's say 9 o'clock."
"OK. Anything else?"
"Yeah. You must wear a long-sleeved blouse, full-length slacks and socks that are long enough to allow the pant legs to be tucked in. Oh; and you will need a broad-brimmed hat. I know Natty has some spare net veils."
"Do we need all that just to watch? Aren't we just using this as an excuse to have a get-together?"
"Well, I know Natty likes to have someone to help him; even if it is just to keep the smoker alight. And I would prefer one of you to do it this time. OK?"
Chantelle smiled mischievously, "I think that means we'll volunteer Jamie to do it."
"Good; I'll see you then." And with that Tonni hung up.
Chantelle immediately phoned James with the good news.
As Steve overheard that conversation, he soon understood why Chantelle had been talking about bees. He was jealous that she was going out and he couldn't.
*****
When James picked up Chantelle, she was wearing a white long-sleeve blouse; bone-coloured tailored-slacks and golden boots; she looked very smart in deed; business-like.
James reached across the front seats and opened the passenger's door.
"Hi Shell, you look great!" James shouted as she approached his car.
She smiled, "Thanks Jamie. But I feel so imprisoned in these clothes."
James knew what she meant. He was the first person to discover that she was a secret nudist, something that only a few close friends ever became aware of, that is, until she went nude to school one Monday and Tuesday. She would have continued doing this, except the school introduced a compulsory dress code.
James shrugged, "Yeah; but you know it's necessary for beekeeping."
Chantelle looked dejected by that fact, "Yeah, I guess."
Immediately she entered his car, she planted a hungry kiss on him. Their tongues entwined as James's hand roamed under her blouse. The stimulation of his hand lifted her spirits, giving her a Mona Lisa smile.
As they drove off, James enquired, "Did Tonni say who else will be there?"
"No; but I got the impression it will only be us four." Chantelle loosened her seatbelt and shuffled closer to James.
"What about Veronica? Natt seemed quite taken with her the last time we were there."
Veronica Watson was Chantelle's best friend and the head cheerleader at Cedar Hill High School. She and Chantelle had similar builds, but Veronica had long ginger hair, hazel-green eyes, and a few freckles across her nose. She always seemed very confident.
"Yeah. But I think it was Tonni that invited us, not Natt."
"Oh, you think so?"
"Yep."
"You got to be right, because Natt must have noticed how Veronica was giving him "the-come-on" and so I think he would have invited her."
"I don't know; they've only met the once."
James thought for a moment, then added, "And I guess he couldn't afford to have too many cars parked at the gardens; it would really look suspicious."
In the middle of James's comment, a police siren became apparent, gradually getting louder. James looked in the rear-view mirror and saw a police motorbike following them. He pulled over to the kerb and wound down his window.
As the policeman approached the car from behind, he started shouting, "And where do you think you're ... Oh hi Jamie," and looking across James, "Hi Chantelle." It was Robert, and his stern face was now replaced by a slight smile.
They replied in unison, "Hi Bobbie."
Officer Robert Kilby graduated from Cedar Hill High School over year ago. He had been a reserve on its football team. Chantelle was the one who arranged a double date so that Robert could met Marsha, the blond cheerleader he had admired, but was never confident enough to approach.
Marsha Dickson was the only true blond in the cheerleader squad. She was openly bi-sexual, as was obvious by her sexual encounter with Samantha during the "Dancing Bear" party arranged by Chantelle and James. Her parents were thrilled when Marsha started dating Officer Robert.
Robert was working the day-shift that Saturday. His job was to patrol the outskirts of Cedar Hill on his motorbike, checking for anyone breaking the covid lockdown.
Robert continued, "You know about the covid lockdown, right?"
James nodded, "Yeah."
"Well, I have to ask; why are you out and about?"
"We're going to the Greenholt Gardens to work on the beehives there."
"Oh, OK. I know about the exception for beekeepers. But where is your beekeeping equipment?"
James held up his arms, "Well, the long sleeves and pants are part of it, but the actual tools and veils are kept at the gardens."
"I guess that makes sense." Robert turned his head and looked directly at Chantelle, "You look really smart in that outfit; and definitely more suited to beekeeping than what you were wearing, or rather not wearing, the first time we met." The image of a nude Chantelle flashed before his eyes.
"Thanks. And how have you been? Are you still dating Masha?"
Looking rather dejected, Robert replied, "Yeah; but with the covid lockdown we haven't really been out on a date for so long, you know."
"Same here." James nodded.
Robert continued, "We're lucky however, because when I'm on duty, like today, I can drop in around lunch-time for a quick hello." Bobbie winked toward James as he uttered that last bit.
James acknowledged the implication, "I'm sure Masha's always glad to see you, even if you have to be quick about it."
Chantelle understood the insinuation and lightly punched James on the upper arm.
"Ouch! What was that for?" James screamed, even though it didn't really hurt.
"You know what for."
Officer Robert smiled, "Hey; enough of that. Otherwise, I'll have to arrest you for domestic violence."
"It's alright Bobbie, I'm just trying to teach him not to be rude."
"Yeah, I know. I was just joking." As he said this Robert glimpsed another car in the distance. "Oh look; here comes another car. Sorry; got to go!" Robert shouted as he ran back to his bike and was off in a flash.
*****
When Chantelle and James entered the canteen, Natt and Tonni were already there waiting for them.
James apologised, "Sorry we're late; we were stopped by the police. Actually, it was just Bobbie; Marsha's boyfriend."
"Oh really. I know him; we were in the same year at Cedar Hill High School." Natt recalled. "What did he do?"
"Nothing in fact; we just chattered for a bit."
Natt already had on his white beekeeping overalls over his clothes, but with the hood hanging down behind his back. Tonni wore a long-sleeved blouse and matching white slacks; she looked smart, but not as business-like as Chantelle.
"Good." Natt said as he held out a net-veil, "I only have one veil. So, who is going to be my helper?"
The girls looked at each other and then at James.
"Oh; it looks like I'm it," James agreed as he glared back at the girls.
Natt asked as he handed James the veil. "Have you ever been stung by a bee?"
"Yeah; I was about ten when I trod on one."
"Did it cause you any major problem?"
"Nah. I just remember it being very itchy for a few days."
Natt gestured with his free arm, "OK then; let's go."
It was a sunny day with only a few fluffy white clouds being pushed across the sky by the light breeze.
The sounds of small finches feeding among the shrubs and grasses echoed across the gardens.
As they walked toward the hives, the girls were often distracted by the beauty of the various flowing shrubs. Chantelle even left the path on one occasion to smell a soft-orange rose. "Tonni! You've got to come and smell this rose; it's divine!"
Tonni did, "Yeah, it's really nice."
Natt was impatient to do the bees while the wind was so light. "Come on you two, we don't have all day!"
A little further on was a bed of poppies in full bloom; the poppies were abuzz with bees that were literally shredding the flowers in their eagerness to collect the pollen and nectar.
Chantelle commented, "The bees really love the poppies, don't they?"
Natt explained, "Yeah; that's why I had the gardeners plant out that bed."
"Hey; what's that noise?" Tonni asked.
They all stood still and listened for a bit. The sound grew a little louder and appeared to come from behind them.
James was the first to turn and see it come over the horizon. He pointed, "There it is; it's a police helicopter."
Natt suggested, "I think we had better put on our veils so they will see why we are here." And with that Natt pulled the hood over his head and sealed the Velcro that holds the hood in place.
James fitted the top of the veil around the rim of his hat before he placed the hat on his head. Then Natt helped James tuck the bottom of the veil under the collar of his shirt.

However, the helicopter actually turned south and never flew over them.
When he first caught sight of the hives, James enquired, "What's with the Styrofoam?"
"It helps to keep the hives warm in winter and cool on those hot summer days. It's an idea I saw in Wikipedia."
Natt thought for a minute, then continued. "I forget what I was looking for, but I stumbled onto the beekeeping page. It showed a few types of dual-skin hives including one that used expanded-polystyrene. I've found it really does improve the efficiency of the hive. I also saw the design for the tunnel bottom-boards that I use."
Chantelle and Tonni looked on from a distance.
Natt lit his smoker and showed James how to work it. "Now keep puffing it gently, so that it will stay alight. Like this ... OK?"
James took hold of the smoker. "Like this?"
"Yeah. Now give a few good puffs at the entrance."
James did as directed. After a short time, Natt prepared to lift the lid off the top of the first hive, "Now when I lift the lid a little, I want you to blow smoke into the hive; right?"
This he did.
After allowing a minute for the smoke to drive the bees down, Natt lifted the lid off and placed it against the other side of the hive.
"I can see a couple of little black beetles on the lid; is that good?" James enquired.
"No, they're a pest. Can you kill them for me."
"Yep... done."
Next, Natt showed James how he used the heel of his hive-tool to separate the frames. First on one side of a frame, and then on the other side of that frame. Then he lifted out that frame and placed it end-down against the side of the hive with all of the bees still on it.
James watched more closely as Natt lifted a second frame out of the hive. This time he noticed how the J-shaped end on the hive tool was used to lifting the frame straight up.
Natt moved the remaining frames into the center and then he took two empty frames from his carry box and placed them either side of the others.
James was curious, "Why did you scrapped the cells off one side of those two empty frames?"
Natt explained, "It gives the bees somewhere to put the wax they secrete while converting the nectar into honey. Otherwise, they gum-up everything, which makes it very difficult to work on the frames."
"Uh so."
"OK Jamie, now blow some smoke across the top of the hive; ... good; ... more up this end," Natt pointed at the few bees that remained on top of the frames. "That'll do." Natt had the lid in his hand and slid it on before the bees moved back up.
James looked at the girls; they were deep in conversation about something; occasionally giggling. Then he thought he heard Chantelle mention William, and he wondered why Tonni didn't invite him instead of, or as well as, he and Chantelle. Perhaps it was because Natt had never met William, Tonni's new boyfriend.
William G Mann was known to his friends as "The Man"; no one was ever game to call him "Willie". His team mates, who have seen him in the shower, knew that he was not particularly well endowed down there, and that he was extremely touchy about that fact. William was the best football player in the school. Tall, handsome, and athletic. Tonni was very happy when he started dating her.
Natt picked up one of the frames that lent against the hive, and holding it firmly at either end, he gave it a few rapid shakes above the hive entrance. All but a few bees fell from the frame. Then using the wide brush that had been near the carry box, he swept the remaining bees from the frame and placed it in the box.
The bees that had landed near the hive entrance soon began walking into the hive.
After Natt shook the bees from the second frame, he noticed that there were a few bees on James's left shoe. He also saw that the bottom of his left trouser leg was not fully tucked in, "Jamie! You'd better tuck you pants back into your socks; OK."
"Thanks Natt," James answered as he did just that; but little did he know it was a bit late.
They repeated the whole process with the second hive.
As Natt shook the bees off the last frame, he asked James to put out the smoker.
"How do I do that?" James enquired.
"There's a cork with the hive tools. Just push it over the smoker's nozzle, OK."
"Yeah, found it... Done... Um, Natt; how much honey is in those frames?"
"There's about 5 pound in each frame."
"Wow! Really?"
"Yep."
"And how do you get the honey out of the frames?"
"Well first I open up the cells with a big knife, then I spin out the honey in a honey-extractor; oh sorry, that's bee-speak for a special centrifuge."
"Do you do that here?"
"Nah; at home."
"Ah, OK." James put the smoker beside the other tools and walked toward the girls. They thought he looked relieved that it was all over.
Chantelle raised her eyebrows, "Glad it's finished?"
"Yeah, for sure," James sighed.
Tonni smiled, "Thanks; it's nice to have someone else do it for a change."
"Oh, shit!" James screamed as he banged his hand between his legs.
"What's wrong?" Chantelle asked in surprise.
"I think I've been stung; oh!" James explained as he pulled down his pants. His cock was immediately exposed; it hung down completely limp and only just two inches long. And there it was; a flattened bee hanging by its stinger from the middle of his cock.
Initially Chantelle and Tonni recoiled in shock; they had never seen a limp cock before in real-life, and certainly not one with an attached bee. Then they both began to giggle.
Chantelle tried to compose herself, "Sorry Jamie; but it does look rather funny with the bee hanging off it like that." Tonni nodded in agreement, barely able to contain her mirth.
James pleaded, "Well don't just stand there laughing, pull it off!"
"Scrape it off, don't squeeze it," Natt commanded. "You don't want to inject more poison."
Chantelle held the tip of his cock with her left hand and used the fingernail of her right index finger to scrap off the bee and its sting.
"Where are your underpants?" She quipped as she removed the bee.
James screwed up his nose, "I knew it was going to be a hot day, so there!"
"Well, if you had worn some underwear, it may have protected your 'crown jewels'." Natt teased.
"Yeah maybe... Shit it still hurts; like being poked by a red-hot needle," James whined.
"Do you want me to kiss it better?" Chantelle solicited with a mischievous smile.
Natt quickly shouted, "No, don't touch it! The more it is rubbed, the greater it'll swell up and itch."
"Will it really swell?" Chantelle enquired with a glint in her eye, wondering how a swollen, erect cock would feel inside.
"Yeah, normally." Natt replied.
James hitched his pants back up and the three of them set off for the canteen, leaving Natt to pack up his things.
James walked with his knees spread a little trying to stop his pants rubbing his penis.
Chantelle could not resist the opportunity to be completely naked in the garden again. The flowers were showing their full beauty to the warm sun, and she wanted to do the same. She undressed quickly, definitely not a strip-tease, just the swift removal of all of her garments. She felt relieved, euphoric; just like a drug addict after taking their fix. And yes, she was addicted to nudity.
Tonni could see that Chantelle was completely relaxed and comfortable being herself; nude; not pretending to be someone she wasn't; not hiding inside a curtain of clothing. She thought that Chantelle seemed to be happiest unclothed.
Tonni wondered what it was that so excited Chantelle about being naked, and this time she decided to find out by stripping naked herself. Tonni started to undo the buttons on her blouse.
Chantelle noticed. "Tonni, are you really going to strip?"
Tonni did not answer. She just continued to removed her clothes, slower than Chantelle did; very timidly. At each stage she seemed to reassess her decision, but she did not stop.
The enthusiasm in Chantelle's question attracted James's attention, and he was shocked to see that Tonni's blouse now lay neatly folded beside Chantelle's clothes. Tonni was topless; her shoulders hunched forward; her hands on top of her pants as she started to pull them down. James continued to watch. He could scarcely believe what he was seeing. Was this really happening? Was Tonni, his lab partner, actually stripping in front of him and Chantelle?
Tonni had never been completely naked in front of anyone before; and once fully nude, she felt very exposed. She remained hunched over with her left arm over her breasts as she placed her pants with her blouse. She put her right hand in front of her pussy as she stood.
Tonni and James watched as Chantelle carelessly pick dandy-lion seeds and scatter them with her breath.
Suddenly Chantelle stumbled back; there had been a bee on the yellow dandy-lion flower right next to her hand.
The clumsy way Chantelle fell backwards made Tonni laugh. Then Tonni realised that her attention was solely on Chantelle's actions, and not Chantelle's lack of clothing. And so she appreciated that the others would view her in a similar way; accepting her as she was, the real Tonni; and trying to be other than open and honest was futile. Her arms relaxed; her shoulders straightened; and she stood tall as she joined Chantelle exploring the gardens.
They both took care not to step on the bees which they observed feeding among the clover and dandy-lion flowers.
Seeing the girls "au naturel"caused James's cock to stir, even though there was nothing erotic about their appearance. Actually, the girls looked like they were a normal part of the scenery, just like the birds feeding among the grasses and the bees buzzing from flower to flower. The scene reminded him of some of Norman Lindsay's paintings of nymphs.
Then James thought how wonderful it would be to record a movie in the gardens on a day like this.
"Hey Shell! Tonni! What do you think about us recording another movie, here in the daytime, during the lockdown. Say the next time Natt does the bees. Tonni could be the director again, and it could star Natt, Veronica, and you Shell, and..." James tried, but could not think who else they might ask. "Do you think Natt and Veronica will agree?"
Tonni was quick to volunteer, "I can suggest it to Natty, and perhaps Chantelle can ask Veronica."
Chantelle nodded, "I know Veronica will agree."
James thought to himself, "I think a different story will be required. One that employs the options that are possible on a sunny spring day... Let's see; there can be faster actions, and even filming at high speed to produce slow motion playback." His thoughts raced, "We will need a white reflective umbrella rather than flood-lights and extension-cords, and..."
His thoughts were interrupted by the sight of Chantelle kissing Tonni.
Chantelle had observed that Tonni's attitude to nudity had become the same as hers; that they were kindred spirits. In recognition of that fact, she had picked a beautiful soft-pink frangipani flower, and slipped it above Tonni's left ear. Tonni acknowledged this action by picking a similar flower and placed it above Chantelle's left ear. This exchange was like the giving of rings in a wedding ceremony. To complete the ceremony, Chantelle moved forward and placed her lips on Tonni's. Their bodies pressed together; soft warm skin against soft warm skin. Chantelle consummated the embrace by sliding her right arm down between them until her fingers were on Tonni's clit, which she caressed skilfully before fingering-fucking her.
This sight set James on fire; his heart raced; and his penis grew with the speed of a young bamboo shoot.
James recalled, that many weeks ago Chantelle had been the recipient of such an embrace initiated by Veronica. It must have awakened something within Chantelle that she had not been previously aware of. He wondered, "Would it be the same for Tonni?"
Now having a full erection was not a good thing, because it caused James's penis to rub against his trousers, aggravating the site of the sting; this in turn caused an increased itch and swelling. Thankfully the sting had stopped burning.
Finally, James could not stand it any longer and completely removed his pants. His penis stood up, relieved to be free. But then his shirt-tails blew against his cock, so he removed his shirt as well.
The girls re-joined James just after he had removed his shirt. Their faces were flushed; their camel-toe were swollen and pink; and their nipples extended; each of these betraying their arousal.
At the site of the sting, the girls saw that there was a red spot now surrounded by a swelling which was already the size of a quarter-dollar. The veins along the shaft of his dick bulged out due to the pressure of blood within them. Some pre-cum had already leaked out from its tip.
Chantelle signalled her intention, "We can't let such a beautiful erection go to waste, can we Tonni?"
Tonni shook her head, "Nah, sure can't."
"Shell n..." James pleaded, but it was too late. She was already there, naked, crouching in front of him. Her mouth kissed his cock while her fingers gripped his shaft just below its tip, well away from the site of the sting. She alternated between sucking up the pre-cum from its smooth mushroomed-end or teasing the glands with her tongue.
Tonni did not wish to be left out. She knelt beside Chantelle and begged, "Can I have a taste?"
Chantelle looked at the flower over Tonni's ear and decided to share with her partner. She handed his cock over to Tonni, who immediately placed her mouth over it, down to the glands. She sucked on it as she bobbed her head back and forth ever so slightly; and Chantelle's fingers toyed with his balls, gently stroking the hair on one testicle, and then the other, and back again, each in turn.
It took less than a minute for him to climax. The first shot hit Tonni's tonsils; she recoiled back; the second load landed on her tongue, and the following globs dribbled onto her right breast.
Chantelle screamed, "Don't you dare swallow that; it's mine!"
Tonni turned toward Chantelle, who proceeded to lick the sperm off Tonni's breast. Tonni moaned.
Chantelle glare at Tonni. "Now stick out your tongue," she commanded.
Chantelle sucked on Tonni's tongue, making sure to clean ever bit of sperm off it. Tonni flicked her tongue about in Chantelle's mouth as they continued to kiss. As before Chantelle fingers sought out Tonni's vagina. This time, Tonni responded by placing a finger into Chantelle's pussy.
The sight of the two girls kissing ensured that James's cock stayed rigid.
The girls' embrace was broken when Tonni coughed involuntarily, "KHH." This did not dislodge the sperm still on her tonsils. Her second cough "HHM," was successful, and then she swallowed the sperm, "mmm." She licked her lips; she liked her first taste of sperm. She also liked being intimate with Chantelle.
Eventually all three of them arrived at the canteen, naked.
They all dumped their clothes onto the nearest table.
James immediately flopped onto a chair, while the naked girls went to fetch some drinks, as was now the tradition.
Chantelle slammed the cooler door shut and they returned with four cans.
"A Sprite for Jamie," Chantelle declared, holding out his drink. She also had her usual raspberry iced-tea Snapple.
Tonni carried Natt's Coke and a diet Coke for herself. She sat facing James and Chantelle and placed both drinks on the table beside her. Then she remembered the medicine cabinet, and thought it may contain something to help ease James's symptoms.
Searching through the cabinet she found a bottle of antihistamine tablets.
Tonni handed James the bottle, "Here Jamie, take one of these, it may help."
James took a tablet from the bottle, "Thanks Tonni." He immediately washed it down with a mouthful of Sprite. Then he asked, "Does Natt take one of these when he gets stung?"
"Nah; he's built up an immunity. He says it still hurts when he is stung, but he doesn't swell up or become itchy."
"Gee he's lucky," James conceded as he looked down at the swelling on his itchy cock.
Now Chantelle's tradition was to remain naked while she consumed her Snapple. It seemed Tonni intended to do the same.
As they sat together occasionally sipping their drinks, James caressed Chantelle's thigh. With each upward stroke his fingers moved a little higher. Anything to take his mind off the developing itch.
When James's fingers neared Chantelle's groin, she slightly separated her legs, thus signalling her permission for him stimulate her. He did not need any other invitation. His hand quickly and lovingly moved to her pussy, which he explored. His index finger slid between her labia before rising to circle her swelling clit with a soft caress.
James lent over and kissed Chantelle; their tongues played tag while his fingers worked their magic.
She moaned when he pushed two fingers into her. Back and forth they trust in her warm wetness. Her cunt squeezed his fingers each time he hit that spot.
Chantelle looked into James's eyes, and softly pleaded, "Oh, Jamie darling; I need your cock inside me."
"I'm sorry; but you heard what Natt said about rubbing it."
"Yeah; but I feel so turned on; please..."
James interrupted, "It's alright, I think I know what to do."
Immediately Natt entered the Canteen, he saw what James was doing. He was not shocked by this, because he had seen them making love before via his security monitors.
When the screen-door banged shut behind him, Chantelle opened her eyes and saw Natt standing in front of her. Their eyes met; Chantelle eyes sparkled, and her face glowed as she smiled at him, to which Natt mouthed, "Hi," and smiled back.
Chantelle nodded in acknowledgement.
Natt thought that Chantelle's level of excitement increased once she knew that he was watching them. Chantelle loved being watched.
Natt had intended asking James how his cock felt; was it still stinging; how much had it swollen. But Natt had already noticed Chantelle's legs were spread wide with James's head between them, as he skilfully stimulated her clit with his tongue. Natt could also see that James had two fingers stimulating her G-spot. She lay back with her mouth open, moaning contentedly. So, Natt decided not to disturb James.
When Natt caught Chantelle's eye again, he just mouthed, "Enjoy."
Chantelle nodded in reply.
Tonni didn't appear to be concerned by Natt's presence. She just continued to play with herself while she sat watching James and Chantelle. She masturbated furiously. Her breathing was heavy as she thrust a finger back and forth inside her glistening cunt.
Then Tonni's finger trailed a thread of mucus as she carried her love-juices up onto her inflamed clit; her muscles twitched as her finger gently rubbed circles around her clit. Her face was rapt with pleasure. Her nude body glistened with sweat despite the coolness in the canteen. She had an orgasm, a noisy orgasm.
Natt watched Tonni out of the corner of his eye, and decided it best to pretend not to notice. He had never thought of his sister as a sexual animal, because until recently, she had always worn such drab clothes and seemed so shy. In fact, he had never glimpsed her nude before, and certainly not seen her masturbate; he was amazed at her new found boldness. She certainly seemed to be enjoying herself, but why not; his little sister was entitled to get as much pleasure from masturbation as he always has.
The air was heavy with the scent of female arousal. It and the sexual exploits of the others filled Natt's head with desire.
Once Natt had removed his beekeeping overalls, Tonni walked up to him carrying his can of Coke.
He took it, "Thanks sis."
And as he stood there having a sip, Tonni began unbuttoning his shirt with nervous fingers. She wondered, "Will he allow me to go all-the-way? Oh geez, I hope so."
Natt protested, "What are you doing?" However, he did not stop her; he had never been undressed by a girl before, and certainly not by a naked one. It excited him.
He had not realised how sexy his little sister had become. Her firm, budding breasts stood proud high up on her chest, rising and falling with each breath; her nipples were extended. And below her flat tummy, her mound was completely hairless and smooth. Her hips had become wide enough to create a gap between her slender legs, a gap where her camel-toe was fully visible; her pussy lips were pink, swollen and dripping wet, with just a hint of an inner lip protruding.
Natt had noticed how her attitude had changed over the last few months; now she always wore her contact lenses instead of those heavy glasses, and she had taken to wearing a mini-skirt and blouse instead of a sloppy tracksuit. She may not have been as desirable as Chantelle or Veronica, but she had most certainly blossomed. Her nude beauty made him realise how much he himself longed for sex at that moment.
Tonni gazed up at Natt's face and saw where he was looking, at her pussy; she was pleased. She looked down and could clearly make out a bulge in his pants; this pleased her even more.
But Natt did not notice her glances, because his thoughts were of the last time he had seen Veronica; how a nude Veronica had sat with her legs spread just enough to tease him with a full view of her hairless pussy, which was swollen, red, and glistened with lust. But it was her red hair and hazel-green eyes that really attracted him.
Tonni managed to take off Natt's shirt and was encouraged by the fact that the bulge in his pants had grown.
She started undoing his belt while he continued to daydream. Even as nervous as she was, it didn't take her long to remove Natt's pants as well. His dick sprang free; pointing up at her face; reddened; begging for attention. The veins along its length bulged so much that it looked like a gnarled tree-trunk; a huge tree-trunk; over two inches thick and more than eight inches long. Tonni thought, "Geez; will that really fit inside me? Wow!"
Still Natt's thoughts were of a nude Veronica; how she had put his left hand on her breast and pushed his right hand down onto her moist pussy as she hugged and kissed him goodbye. And what a kiss; her tongue licked his lips before thrusting between them. She had encouraged his fingers to enter her; she was tight; her pussy gripped his fingers.
In reality, it was Tonni who had taken Natt's hand and placed it between her thighs, using her own fingers to force two of his into her pussy. It was also Tonni who began to tongue-kiss him.
She reached for his cock. Her fingers encircled it and squeezed it gently. Her hand confirmed that Natt's penis was larger than any she had felt before. This made her more excited, but also more nervous about taking such a huge cock into herself.
Gently she stroked the length of his manhood. His skin felt soft and warm. A drop of pre-cum oozed from its tip.
Back and forth her fingers moved along its massive length, with her thumb spreading his pre-cum each time it reached the knob. Still more was released with each stroke.
Suddenly Natt's dreaming ended and he realised that his fingers were really inside Tonni's pussy, and it was her tongue that darted about in his mouth. He thought it wrong, but he did not pull away; he did however withdraw his fingers, but first he felt around the inside of her vagina for a little while.
"Tonni don't," he pleaded unconvincingly when she broke the kiss.
But Tonni continued to play with his cock which now ached with the intense pleasure she was giving him.
She was wet from her earlier masturbation, but the anticipation of what she was about to do was of itself very exciting, and made her even wetter.
When she thought he was ready, she guided his cock between her pussy lips. At first, she just moved its head around in her slit, moistening it, ready for its entry. This excited her even more than when she had sex with William in the back row of the picture theatre. Not wearing panties under her miniskirt was certainly a good idea that night. Ever since then, she has always gone without, even at school. Something William soon discovered, and took advantage of, whenever they met between classes. She did enjoy his fingering on such occasions.
Meanwhile, in the background, were the continual moans of Chantelle; but now they grew louder and more intense as James finger-fucked her with increased speed. She ran her fingers through his hair as she held him against her pussy, her body shook each time he touched her G-spot.
Tonni was encouraged by Chantelle's moans, even though she did not realise it. She placed Natt's cock at her pussy entrance. Her warm wetness enveloped the knob; still he did not stop her.
At first there was a brief twinge of pain as his huge cock tore her hymen just a little.
Inch by inch she pressed herself onto him; she could feel his cock being forced deeper and deeper, stretching her inside as it went. It was the same sensation as she experienced first time she had sex, but without so much pain. It was the drug that she had immediately become addicted to, and continually sought.
She continued to push down until her clit was tickled by the tangle of his pubic hairs. Finally, she had eight inches of his enflamed cock throbbing within her. She thought, "Who said size doesn't count. I can feel the difference. So much fuller. So much better... Oh yeah; oh, so good."
Again, Natt's thoughts were of Veronica; how, on the same day as she teased him, Veronica had approached James in the carpark. His cock was protruding out of his pants, stiff and inviting. He remembered hearing her tell James how horny she felt just before she took his cock all the way inside her. Recalling this made Natt realise that he should have pressed himself into her nude body when she kissed him goodbye; now he was sure that she would have accepted him, and not as a passive partner, but as an active participant.
Tonni flexed her ankles in her effort to massage Natt's cock with her pussy; up on her toes to have it withdraw a little, then back down again to drive it all the way in. She never tired of that stretching sensation as it pushed back in.
It took some determination, but the sensation was worth it. It felt oh so good; especially each time his penis pushed past her G-spot. Her nipples were caressed by his chest hairs as her breasts rubbed up and down against his body.
The canteen was filled with the squishing sound of Natt's cock sliding into Tonni's hot, slippery cunt; and the slurping sound as it withdrew; and the occasional moans of pleasure by both Tonni and Chantelle. If one listened carefully, you could also hear the small birds feeding among the nearby shrubs, but none of the occupants of the canteen were aware of them.
When her ankles could take it no more, Tonni satisfied herself by grinding her clit against him; his pubic hairs tickled.
Suddenly an ear-piecing scream filled the canteen. Chantelle was climaxing. She made no effort to remain quiet. She pulled James firmly against her pussy with her two hands interlocked in his hair. Her legs squeezed against his ears. His fingers felt her insides spasm wildly as she experienced the great release.
Chantelle's orgasm broke Natt's thoughts. He was on the verge himself, so he whispered a warning in Tonni's ear, "Ooh gees Tonni; I'm about to cum." Thus, he pleaded with her to release him. But she had her arms tight about him and held him until he discharged all his frustration into her. His thick salty cum splashed about her cervix and into her womb, again and again.
Natt's conscience bothered him, "Oh hell sis; we shouldn't have done this."
Tonni moaned through clenched teeth.
When Chantelle relaxed, spent but satisfied, James pulled free of her legs. "Shell, do you still want to fuck?" he whispered.
Without hesitation Chantelle replied, "Oh yes, please. Stick it in."
"You have to promise to lay still."
Chantelle reluctantly agreed. "Yeah, I will; I promise. Please do it."
James moved his hip between her legs. Thankfully his cock slid in with almost no resistance; she was dripping wet. They lay there motionless; well except for the fact that Chantelle regularly flexed her sphincter muscles to massage his cock.
"Shell! I thought you promised not to move."
Chantelle was indignant. "I'm not moving my body."
"But I can feel you pussy squeezing me, and I'm afraid squeezing may be as bad as rubbing."
Chantelle apologised, "Sorry; do you want me to stop?"
"Yeah, I think you better."
"Oh bugger." And so they had to be content with a nude cuddle and hungry kisses.
And still Tonni held Natt; slowly grinding her clit against his pubic bone, back-and-forth until her whole body tensed and her cunt went into involuntary spasms. She had a wild orgasm; a very noisy orgasm; it gave her "the relief" she had so desperately sought.
Her face had a relaxed glow of satisfaction and contentment; of having given herself completely to a man; of being full of his life-giving sperm as God intended.
Amazingly Natt's cock remained firm, and still she held him.
She stared into his eyes and he looked back lovingly. He had finally accepted his sister as a beautiful sex partner, despite the normal conventions. He lent forward and kissed her; this time he was kissing his little sis, and not dreaming of Veronica.
They both started moving their hips back-and-forth. The sensation was a little different now because of the lubricating effect of his sperm, which oozed out of her cunt and down onto his balls and her legs.
He did not know if he would be able to cum again, or if she would have another orgasm, but that didn't matter; it still felt wonderful; the warmth of her soft skin against his; her nipples pressed into his chest, all while they stood there nude, still coupled.
They both knew this would not be the only time they would make love. That visits to each other's bedroom would certainly make the rest of the lockdown more tolerable.