Camera Club
Sophia and Archie

This is the latest story from us. You may like to read about our adventures in California to get the background to our lives but it's not essential. This story, about a little adventure we had after we'd discovered ourselves on the west coast, stands on its own.

Archie
Sophia and I have run a camera club in our small town for several years. We don't have many members, probably about twenty, all ages and both sexes. We meet every month to talk about ideas for pictures and then compare and review each other's efforts and come up with ideas and themes for future projects. It's very competitive.
Sophia never had much of an interest in photography, but from the outset she wanted to be involved in the club. She is now the secretary and treasurer and organises just about every event we have. If we come up with an idea for a visit somewhere to take pictures, she'll research the place and come up with lots of ideas and then make any bookings we need. I don't know how we would function without her as I'm hopeless with these things.
Last year we decided on a visit to New England in the fall. Sophia booked all the hotels and transport and it went off brilliantly. The area looked stunning in all its vibrant colours and we returned with some great pictures.
Our last meeting was only attended by five members other than myself and Sophia. Al, Nick, John, Ralph and Nigel were the only ones to turn up. We were reviewing pictures we'd taken of clouds, sunsets and sunrises. Most were really good.
Al, or 'big Al' as he is known (on account of his 6' 2" height but also rumoured to be big in other areas according to his ex-wife) was moaning about the subjects we photographed.
'We always take pictures of nature as the women in the club see it.' he bemoaned.
'Well what would you suggest?' asked John.
'What about people?' he suggested.
'People? What sort of people.? Asked Nigel.
Al was looking at the floor.
'Come on Al,' I said, 'What do you mean?'
I looked at Al, who was now looking sheepishly at my wife. She smiled at him.
'I think I know what sort of people Al's talking about.' she said, looking straight at him.
So it was that we decided to get a female model in to take some 'artistic' pictures.
The boys were all in agreement. We'd never have got it through if all the members had been there. We have seven female photographers and they would never have allowed it.
Sophia said she would check around and see if we could get a 'life class' model like they use in the evening art classes.
'It would be tasteful.' Al insisted. 'We would be well behaved and take pictures as if we were painting her.'
Sophia
I said I was ok with it and managed to book a female 'life class' model who was willing to have some 'artistic' pictures taken, as I knew that this is what the chaps were really wanted to do. I arranged for the model to come to our house for the afternoon session and as it was a warm afternoon, we all took a beer in the garden to wait for Sarah, who was going to be our model for the afternoon.
I told the guys, now only five in number, as John couldn't make it, that they didn't need to worry about how Sarah would stand or pose, as she knew what they wanted. I also said that if any of them get cheeky or silly and make her feel uncomfortable, I would call and end to the session.
Archie

Sophia disappeared into the kitchen to get beers. A few minutes later she emerged with her phone to her ear.
She looked concerned as she spoke to the caller.
'Oh. OK.' she said sadly. 'Sorry to hear that. I hope she recovers soon. Thanks for letting me know.' She hung up and looked at us.
'That was Sarah's mother. I'm afraid she has a bad migraine and won't be able to make it today.'
The guys looked crestfallen.
'Sorry guys, we'll just have to rearrange for another day.' I said, packing my camera and lenses away.
'Let's have a beer.' said Sophia, disappearing back into the kitchen. 'Cheer you poor boys up. Take a seat in the garden and I'll bring them out to you.'
We trudged out onto the decking and sat. A few minutes later, Sophia emerged with a tray of Buds and crisps.
We all clinked bottles and took a long swig. No one spoke for some minutes.
'It's a damn shame Sarah couldn't come.' said Ralph. 'I was looking forward to it.'
They all muttered agreement.
Sophia
They all looked so disappointed as I handed out the beers,
'Here's one to cheer you up.' I said and turned to Archie with that smile on my face that said I had a little something up my sleeve.
As they finished their drinks I stood up and told them that all was not lost and there was an alternative, all five looked up at me and their smiles were back,
'There is?' Ralph said excitedly, just as Archie glanced my way and winked back, he knew what I was going to suggest. He knew me so well!
'Well, I'm no model and no model's body but I am female and willing and available, what do you think boys?' Al rushed over and hugged me, which I soon put a stop to as I am sure I felt a bulge in his shorts!
The boys agreed that if I was willing, they loved the idea that I would be their model. Archie then asked me if I would go naked. Well, the thought had crossed my mind but I didn't want to ruin a good friendship with the boys as members of the Camera Club, so I said I would go topless at first and then see where the afternoon took us. However, I insisted that I would be in charge and when I said enough was enough, that was it and they would have to stop!
Archie
The guys were now looking at me, almost pleading.
'We have taken time out to come down.' said Al. 'It would be a shame not to.'
I was taken aback by this, but after what we'd done in California last year it shouldn't really have done so. Sophia had become much more adventurous now. Actually, although I feigned shock, my groin twitched at the thought.
'Well, I don't know.' I said, pretending I didn't really want to.
'Look,' Interrupted Sophia. 'I will be a poor replacement, but it will give you something to practice on. I don't have a model's body, but I am a woman.'
'Oh, you are.' said Al, enthusiastically.
'OK. I'll have another beer though. I may need some Dutch courage.' Sophia said, smiling.
We all had another beer and relaxed on the deck. After about half an hour, Sophia stood up.
'Right, I'm going into the bedroom to get ready. I'll call you when you can come in. Just so you know, I'm in charge. I say what you can shoot and I say when it's over. OK?'
Sophia

Archie knew me so well, I had become a lot more adventurous following our visit to California and if I was right, I could already see a little movement in his shorts.
I asked them to give me some time to prepare myself and I would call them up! I was already getting a little wet myself just thinking about it.
I positioned myself on the bed kneeling up with the sheet wrapped around me and told them they could come in! I wasn't nervous just a little apprehensive, seeing there would be five of them with their cameras everywhere.
They all stood for a while at the foot of the bed just looking, so I told them all to just start clicking away and I would move about. I moved about the bed with my breasts exposed and every now and then I would let the sheet fall down a little more to let the top of my leg and a small part of my groin come into view. I fell forward to allow my now ample breasts to fall forward and angled my body so that they could see the cheeks of my bottom in the full-length mirror behind me.
The clicks of the camera were coming thick and fast, excuse my pun! The boys were enjoying it and so was I!
Archie
We did as we were told as she moved around the bed exposing a leg here and there. At one point she lay back against a pile of pillows, with the sheet going up between her legs and covering most of her breasts. Then she lay with her arms behind her head and let the sheet fall away, exposing her ample breasts, showing them in all their magnificence. Her nipples were hard. My cock was beginning to respond and I wondered if the guys were feeling the same stirrings. I thought I heard a sharp intake of breath; I think it was big Al.
'That's lovely.' I said.
The boys made approving noises too.
She then sat up, let the sheet fall to her waist and shook her hair just like a glamour model. She was beginning to enjoy this. Her breasts resumed their natural position. They looked firm and inviting and I was loving seeing her like this.
She then threw herself forward onto her stomach, leaning on her arms so that her breasts lay against the bed, her nipples disappearing, but showing us her magnificent bottom, a feature I've always complimented her on, reflected in the mirror which hung over our bed. It was a sight to behold. I stopped clicking and watched the guys. I noticed Big Al and Nick adjusting their shorts. I wasn't surprised. I knew what was behind that sheet and I wanted to see it all. I sensed the guys did too.
We snapped away for several minutes in various positions so we got to see quite a bit of my wife.
Sophia

At one point I let the sheet fall between my legs, shook my hair out and lay back on the pillows with the sheet barely covering my body, I put my arms above my head and started to gyrate my hips, up and down, around and around.
Well, if you could have seen the reaction that got you would have thought I was a model. They all made approving noises and I could see Archie getting aroused which in turn made me feel even more seductive. I could see a couple of the guys becoming a little aroused and adjusting their shorts. I looked over to Archie and smiled.
Pointing his camera right at me he mumbled, 'You can if you want to!'
Archie
I knew what was in her mind. She was becoming more daring as she'd seen the effect she was having on the guys. On the plane back from LA we'd discussed the last night hot tub party we'd had. She'd gone far that night. She admitted to me that exposing her intimate parts to a group of guys and seen the effect she had on them had made her feel so excited and horny. She liked the power she had. We had a laugh at that but I understood what she meant. I was hoping that as the afternoon developed, she might want to do it again.
I got some more beers and we all took a break, sitting on the bed. Sophia had let the sheet fall to her waist so she was showing off her magnificent breasts again, her nipples still dark and hard. I know that when her breasts get like this, she likes to have them massaged. She then gets very horny and it always leads to a full and noisy orgasm in one way or another. Sometimes she doesn't want sex, she just wants to be teased and massaged, firstly her breasts and nipples and then inevitably, her clit. Sometimes she wants me to do it. Other times she just takes over and brings herself to orgasm while I watch. She loves me to watch her, sometimes using her dildo. I might then masturbate in front of her or we might make love.
I noticed as we sat drinking, the guys couldn't help looking at Sophia's boobs.
I looked at her and she smiled. 'OK?' she asked.
'Yes, fine.' I replied.
After we'd finished our beer, the guys began to pack up their gear.
'Just a second guys.' said Sophia suddenly. 'Would you like to see everything before you go?'
They were startled and turned to look at her.
'Let's face it, if Sarah had been here today, you'd have seen her totally naked.'
They all nodded in unison.
She looked at me. 'OK darling?'
'Yes.' I stammered. 'Are you sure?'
'Yes.' She smiled at me.
The boys were getting excited at the prospect.
'We will pay you the fee we would have paid the model.' said Big Al.
'It's not about money boys.' replied Sophia. 'I have a proposition to put to you.'
They all looked expectantly at her. I wondered what she was going to suggest.
Sophia
Archie knew what I was thinking and with that I pushed the sheet further down my legs, exposing a small part of my shaved pussy, I slowly began to open my legs and quickly put my hand over my clit.
'Before I go any further, which I will if you want me to'!
'Oh yes, oh yes', the boys responded.
'Right, I will go further if you all agree to get naked with me. A challenge we'll call it.'
Ralph was a little hesitant at this stage so he excused himself and said he would wait to see the pictures if we didn't mind.
Well Al was the first with his kit off and virtually fully erect, his dick was nearly as long as his forearm or that is how it seemed to me. His ex was right, Big Al was a great nickname! I looked him up and down but couldn't take my eyes away from his thick shaft. Archie of course was now hard and I knew he might be the first to go! He never could resist me naked and this was one of his fantasies, taking pictures of me naked.
I continued to move around the bed freely now, with no sheet and allowing the guys a little peek of my now wet and pulsating pussy, I was nearly there myself. The guys continued to click away all with now erect dicks! Someone even let out a little gasp as I revealed the smallest part of my arse to them all. One click was all I would let them have;
'Stop' I said, 'That's it boys, put away the cameras!'
Archie
After Al, the other guys followed suit and were all naked, as was I within another minute. Nigel and Nick were not yet hard, similar in build and age, around 38 years old, and with sizeable cocks, though nothing like Big Al. I had the only circumcised penis, but because I was almost fully erect it wasn't that noticeable.
Sophia
They all did as they were told, but I could see that they were ready to go further. They looked as though they needed relief.
'We don't have to stop there!' I said.
I lay back on the bed and slowly started to caress my pussy, I stroked my clit, up and down and pushed first one finger inside, then two and working it in and out, I was loving it.
This was my guilty pleasure and now made even better by four erect chaps looking on and I knew Archie was loving it.
'I need more.' I said suddenly.
He handed me my Mr Plastic, that's our nickname for my pink joy machine and I started to slide it slowly in and out savouring the feeling, looking at their faces looking at me, pulling it far enough out and up so that it tickled my clit. As I did this, I arched my back and moaned, they liked that and all came closer.
Archie
'Oh my,' muttered Nigel. 'That's....beautiful.'
Her pussy lips were puffy, and her opening glistened. She was wet and I knew she was as horny as hell now.
Looking around, each guy could not resist giving his hard cock a stroke as she lay before us. Nick was working his already and was slick from pre-cum.
'Well' said Sophia. 'You boys look like you need some relief. I know I could.'
I looked at the guys, now stroking their cocks at varying degrees of speed, now looking down at my wife as she slipped Mr. Plastic into her sopping pussy. She began breathing heavily.
She worked the dildo slowly back and forth for a few minutes. Then she spoke again.
'Gather round boys, I want to watch you cum.'
Sophia
I noticed a couple of the guys beginning to stroke their now fully erect cocks and it wasn't long before they would go, I told them all to get closer and kneel on the bed.
Al didn't, he stood up at the end of the bed, erect and proud, I pushed the plastic cock in and out a little faster and harder, moaning, I stroked and played with my nipples and pinched them between two fingers.
One by one the boys came, all except big Al. Nick and Nigel came first, almost together and shooting their hot semen across my breasts. Archie was ready to go so I took his hand and slid it down to my glistening, waiting clit and gently fingered the tip of his now wet penis, with that he went, his cum slipping all over my stomach and down to my clit, he was moaning loudly.
I knew Al was going to be the last, I looked him in the eye and continued to play with my nipple, push the vibrating pink cock in and out, gyrating my hips and allowing Al to see more of my pulsating, sopping pussy. He was stroking his balls and twisting his large cock in his hands, I beckoned him to kneel on the end of the bad.
As he did so I pushed my dildo in and out faster and faster, not wanting to stop. Then I felt Archie touch my clit. At his touch I screamed with ecstasy as my orgasm took over, my hips gyrated and my whole body vibrated as I groaned with pleasure.
Al moved forward as I reached my climax. He was barely two inches away from my clit, I watched him quickly work his member up and down, pushing the dildo in and our harder and harder. He was looking firmly at my pussy while he continued to massage his balls and stroke the head of his glistening cock.
Suddenly he came, shooting his semen like a bullet covering my clit and pussy. I put the dildo down and rubbed my clit while he continued to shoot his juices over me. I watched as his white liquid ran down between my legs. As my arched back slumped down on the bed, the others were just sitting there watching in awe at what had just happened. I was elated.
Archie
'Wow. That was some photo session.' said Big Al.
'It sure was,' said Sophia, still getting her breathing back to normal.
'Can we do it again some time?' asked Nick.
'I don't think so.' she replied.
The boys tidied themselves away as Sophia headed to the bathroom. A few minutes later I heard the shower running.
Sophia
I was still so hot and horny I had my own little session in the shower, just for me. Mr Plastic helped but it did not take long, my juicy pussy and swollen clit were ready for more.
I stroked my clit, worked my pink friend in and out and was soon at the point of orgasm once again.
Sometimes all a girl needs is a little 'me' time, not always making love and company. Although Archie was always ready to let me take command. He was quite powerful himself too!
I put on my black silk dressing gown (nothing else!) and met the boys back in the garden drinking beers, they all stood up when I arrived and couldn't thank me enough for a great afternoon, we had a couple more beers and the boys decided it was time to go, again they could not thank me enough and one by one I hugged them goodbye.
I knew this was the final goodbye, as I thought that the Camera Club would never be the same again so it was time to finish it.
Later that evening Archie passed me a glass of red and said he had a question for me.
'Were you telling the truth about the model Sarah today, was she really ill, or never coming in the first place?'
'Well, that's for you to wonder and me to know.' I told him.
With that I slipped off my dressing gown to expose my naked body, erect nipples and throbbing clit. Archie took me in his arms, laid me on the carpet and we made soft, gentle love, as if it was the first time, just what we both needed!