I was a very shy young man. I was in the Air Force and had been sent to Germany for a 3 year tour. I was scared of girls, scared of looking a fool when I talked to them so I took the easy way out and didn't. Germany was a great time, tax free booze, very social, legalised brothels/strip clubs etc.
Our squadron used to visit West Berlin reasonably regularly, back in the cold war days when it was a shining beacon of western decadence. There were lots of stories about it, one place in particular... Mon Cheri's. This was a strip club where the stage opened up to reveal a bath, where patrons would get invited in. I was a desperate virgin in his early 20s and this sounded very exciting.
Finally I got my turn to go to the fleshpot of Berlin, along with a colleague, Al. We got down to the centre for some serious drinking, found an Irish bar, there's one everywhere, and generally had a good time til late in the evening. He was up for a bit of fun, so we got on a train and went. The club had a small frontage with a locked door, barred window and a bell, usual in Germany, it prevents the unwary wondering in. I rang the bell, and shortly after, the window blind came up and a pretty girl in white lingerie said 'Guten Abend?' I replied, and she instantly knew we were Brits. '15 Deutschmarks to get in, includes 2 drinks' So we paid and went in.
It was fairly dim but went back a way, with a stage at the back. We got a table and the waitress bought us drinks. Almost immediately two girls came and sat with us, a Thai in a white teddy next to me and a South American in black bra and pants next to Al. They cuddled up to us, chatted and eventually asked if we'd take them upstairs, 100 Deutschmarks for sex. We'd only just got in and wanted to see the show, so said no, not right now. So, off they went.
The show started soon after. A big, black lady came out, in a red lingerie, with a birdcage. But in the cage was a big black dildo. She got on stage, danced and stripped to one song, then for the duration of the second song she sat on the edge of the stage and fucked herself with the dildo, and got a few patrons to help her. It was a very sexy sight for an inexperienced lad, a lady with her legs spread wide apart, guys pushing a big black cock in and out of her pussy. She finished her set, and walked naked through the audience, pausing only to dig her juicy dildo into peoples drinks as she went.
We were both well pleased at what was turning into an interesting night.
The next girl came out, a pretty bubbly blond in a white thong and bra. She walked round the audience smiling. Then came up to me and held out her hand to shake, so I shook her hand, as you do. But she wouldn't let go and gestured for me to come with her. I was very nervous but got up from my seat and was led onto the stage to applause. Back in those days I was a slim, shy guy. A song started playing and she danced around me, made me dance with her. She put my hands on her, as I obviously was looking a bit lost! So I caressed her. She turned round and motioned me to take her bra off. I did, and she grabbed my hands and put them on her lovely tits, backing into me and grinding her bum into my groin. She turned round and unbuttoned and took off my shirt. I was shaking a little. I'd forgotten about the audience as it was so bright on the stage I couldn't see them. She ran her hands over my chest. Then turned me round, thrust her tits into my naked back, caressed my chest then dropped her hand and grabbed my cock through my jeans, I was rock hard by now. She played with it for a moment then turned me again. She pushed me to my knees and motioned me to pull down her panties, she had a little tuft of light brown pubes and a tidy cunt, lips hidden behind her thin slit. I was so turned on. She pushed me to the floor, pulled my shoes and socks off, unbuckled my belt and pulled my jeans off. She then stood me up to show the audience the tent in my pants, goes behind me again, with her hands reaching round, into my pants to squeeze and caress my rock hard dick. Then she pulls my pants down to show my erection to the audience and I was disappointed to discover that it was the end of her show.
I was left to get dressed on stage, pushing my erection back into my pants. I walked back to our table to find that Al was gone. Shit. But my drink was still there, so I sat down. The Thai in white, Pon her name was, came back, sat down and reached over to squeeze my cock. 'You come upstairs now? 100DM?'
'Yes' I said. I paid my money and followed her sweet, slim arse upstairs. She took me to a room with a bed, stripped and then stripped me, then pulled me out of the room, both of us naked, to walk down the corridoor to a bathroom. To my surprise Al and the South American were in there, she was washing his cock as a pre-fuck hygiene precaution. This was pre-aids days. There was no thought of wearing a condom, it was bareback. So Pon pulled back my foreskin, carefully soaped and rinsed my cock. And led me back to the bedroom. She was lovely, slim tanned body, little tits, trimmed muff and cute cunt. I was so turned on and inexperienced that I only lasted a couple of minutes after she guided me into her. I shot my load into her tight cunt. Then we lay and chatted for a couple of minutes before repeating the washing routine, but now it was over I had to wash my own dick!
We got dressed and she led me back downstairs to our table, left me, and the waitress bought my second drink.
The show was still going on, and next up was Pon. She sashayed in to the room , carrying a basket filled with wrapped chocolates. These were the Mon Cheri cherry chocs, hence the club name I guess. She handed one out to every audience member, there were probably a couple of dozen guys there. Then got on stage, danced and stripped for one song. Then she sat naked on the edge of the stage, moved her legs wide apart to show her lovely pussy. She took a chocolate from the basket, slowly unwrapped it and after showing it to the audience, pushed it into her cunt. Then she motioned to a guy near the stage, crooked her finger at him to join her. He walked up, she pushed him to his knees, put one leg over each shoulder and pushed his face into her delicious pussy and got him to eat the chocolate out. Little did he know he got extra cream
All in all, a memorable way to lose your virginity and a great night! We did find out that the bath was broken, but I saw that in action on another visit, I'll save that tale for another time.