Friday night and studies were out, it was time to hit the town. Mi Amigos and I wanted to get a round in, hear a band or two, and maybe find some ladies to dance with. Nothing serious, no hookups or trouble.
I was thinking of a new club down in Polanco that often had some top Corridos dropping in for surprise performances. Miguel just shook his head and said, "No vatos; we're going somewhere special. La Conneja. It's a little basement place not far from Ciudad Universitaria."
"Really vatos; I've passed by that place. It's just some run down hole in a basement for my grandpa to get wasted in," I said. I'd been in this alley of shops before, for a class photography shoot, precisely because the area had that traditional look to it.
"Yeah man, what gives?" Jose looked at Miguel and gave him a play shove. But this week was Miguel's turn to pick the spot, so we had to go. Waste of a good summer evening, but you gotta stick with your bros even if they make a mistake.
"You'll see," was all Miguel said.
The place was a bit... quaint. Like a sing along bar for old people. Lots of traditional Mexican flourishes around the walls. Sombreros and Vaquero hats with a bit too much dust on them, flores painted on the walls around cactuses in the desert themes. If mi padre had owned a bar, this would have been it. "You've got to be kidding me Miguel," I said with a roll of my eyes toward three old guys doing a mariachi routine on a stage.
It was a long rectangle of a basement club. The stairs down dropped us on one end. A back right corner facing the long path forward. Along the left side maybe only 3m away was a long bar running two thirds the length of the room. Two doors for the restrooms came after that along that same wall, then double doors to a kitchen or back area. Three arches evenly spaced on the right side after the halfway point led to another area just as wide, but with tables. At the back end there was a stage with a mic, a few old wooden chairs, and some crates and boxes tossed into the corner. The air was thick and I noticed they didn't seem to have any fans or air conditioning. A couple middle aged working stiffs sat at the bar. Three guys and a woman, chatting randomly. There were two bartenders, both looked to be in their late 30s or early 40s. I couldn't see who was sitting in the tables as it was a little dark over there, but I watched as a middle aged guy with a little bit of a belly came out the double doors with a plate of chips and went in there.
Jose turned to Miguel and said, "that it's vato; I'm out. This is like..."
"Just give it a minute," Miguel said. "Sit down at the bar. Trust me, you don't want to miss this."
When the old guys of the band lit up with a mariachi rendition of "La Bamba" I glared daggers at Miguel. The singer looked like a nice guy, but his voice was worn out and he could barely carry the tune. Old folks always loved those traditional songs, so I'd grown up hearing it more than my own name.
That's when I saw them. Two knockout girls, maybe a year or two within twenty in age, like us; came out of the alcove and started to dance. One a Spanish girl in jeans and blouse, the other Mestizo in a red skirt and halter. Not too different from us; Jose and Miguel were Spanish and I was Mestizo. We all worked out a bit so that kept us fit enough. "Yo vato they're hot but... there's a lot more of that in Polanco. We could be drowning in university girls right now if we'd gone to the club."
Miguel just grinned and whispered, "any moment now..."
One of the old guys a few seats down the bar from us burped out loudly, distracting me. The woman next to him held up her beer, looking to the stage as she raised the bottle in salute. My eyes followed along and that was when I pretty much fell off my stool.
I'd heard about them. Everybody had. But Mexico City is huge, and even with darn near ten thousand of them living in the city, I'd yet to see one before then. Let alone one like her.
She was taking the mic and getting ready to sing, and suddenly every part of my existence was paying attention.
She was stunningly beautiful. Long hair, fully lips, gorgeous eyes that seemed to brilliantly offset her long lashes, and she was completely, utterly naked.
And of course, she was green, with bright violet hair, and long pointy ears. Those eyes, were amber color, and those lips had a bluish tint to them, as did the lips below, framing a clit prominent enough for me to see all the way across the room. If only I had my photographer's camera with me.
"She's a fucking alien," Jose said. His beer slipped out of his hand and hit the bar counter.
The bartender gave her own chuckle as she caught it and kept it from falling over. "Every time," she said in a quiet voice I almost missed.
"I've never seen anything... anyone... that amazing," I said. "But what's she doing here?"
"That's what I want to know," Miguel said. "I've seen her in here a couple times when I was making deliveries."
"Oh yeah..." Jose said. "That's how you ended up in here then?"
Miguel had a side job to pay for his hobbies beyond just being a student. He delivered supplies to restaurants around the university. "I'm too chicken to walk up to... that..." he said.
I didn't blame him. No guy wants to admit he's too chicken to hit up a good looking woman, but she was on a whole other level.
"Plus her two friends there," Miguel waved at the girls that had stopped dancing. They were looking up at the alien girl on the stage as the three talked. "Solid security detail there vatos," Miguel shrugged. I noticed her eyes looked up briefly in our direction, then she looked down at her friends and giggled as I got myself back onto my stool.
The aliens had only come a year ago, and not that many of them yet. I knew there were a few of the guys working in the university but not anywhere I went. And the guys wore clothes. I'd heard there was some weird reason the girls were naked, but not having met, or even seen one in person before... All I had was weird stuff you'd read on the Internet.
When she looked at us I got a better view of her face. Perfect almond eyes, a cute button nose, cute puffy cheeks, and the bluish tint of her full lips seemed natural rather than makeup.
As a guy I would always classify attractive women into one of three groups. Some were beautiful, some were sexy, and some were cute. Beautiful women were the ones you couldn't approach. They looked like models and were the sort regular guys found unapproachable. They never looked at you, they only looked down at you. Sexy women looked and moved like it was time to get busy, they and you only wanted one thing from each other. Cute women, they looked like you could just cuddle them all day long, they weren't just for romance, they'd probably also be your best friend.
She was somewhere between beautiful and cute. Even standing up there naked, something in the glance she gave me said "hold my hand and laugh with me" instead of "lets find a room." I was terrified to approach, but I also knew that if I made it past security, her friends and my own guts, she was just there waiting. If she wasn't a naked alien girl, I'd have probably already made my move.
She stepped back to the mic, turned to say something to the band of old Mariachis behind then, and then began to sing.
Cielo Rojo, one of those classic songs. She wasn't the best singer. Not as good as the original, nor the professional covers. But she wasn't bad. And she seemed to really come alive in the song. She seemed to be looking right at me as she sang the first two lines;
Solo, sin tu cariño, voy caminando
Voy caminando y no sé qué hacer
And that was it for me. I knew why Miguel wanted to come here, and I knew I needed more. After that she got off the stage with what seemed like a glance right at me. Then the old guys returned to their routine. But I didn't care anymore.
"I still don't get it," Jose said. "Even more now, what are those three doing in here?"
"I dunno, but they seem to be regulars," Miguel trailed them with his eyes while they walked off into the shadows of the alcoves with the sounds of distant giggling.
"Lets... let's get a table," I said, getting up from my stool.
"Hah, somebody wants a better look," Jose chuckled and slapped my back. "Mi mamá would kill me if I dated a naked girl, so she's all yours vato."
Miguel just sighed, "yeah, her friend in the red skirt though, man I'd love to meet that girl."
We walked under the first arch, looking for a seat. I didn't see the girls when we got in there, even though I could see every table and only one near us had anyone sitting in it. A middle aged couple chatting quietly. "Huh," I figured might as well keep going and see if maybe they'd just stepped away. I started to advance when I realized Jose and Miguel weren't at my side anymore. I turned around and didn't see them, looked back and there she was, right in front of me, looking right at me inches from me, with a big smile on her face.
"Hi," she said, and blinked her violet lashes at me.
"Um... uh... er... oh yeah. Hi," I stammered back trying to remember where I'd put my brain. I sounded like some middle school kid who just bumped right into his puppy crush. Which was pretty much right on anyway.
I heard giggling behind me and turned to look again. The other two girls had captured Jose and Miguel. And yeah, the one in the red skirt had Miguel.
"Um..." I tried again.
"Yes," she smirked. "You already tried that line." She looked me over and giggled again. "Let me try one," she waved to a table. "You're kinda cute, wanna sit down?"
"Um... OK." Brain, please, some help...
"I don't know if you noticed, " she began. "But I'm naked. So sorry about that."
"It's OK, " I said. "I don't mind."
"I'm sure you don't," she giggled out as she pulled me down to a seat at the table beside us, the took the seat beside it. "Thank goodness these chairs are wood," she said with a sigh.
"Hey um... where'd...?" I asked, looking around.
"Oh your friends are OK. I think they're enjoying themselves over there," she pointed to the open area by the stage. My friends were making fools of themselves trying to dance to the Huapango tune the old guys were playing.
"So um..." I looked her up and down.
"You like, I take it?" she grinned at me and did a little move that caused her breasts to bounce, forcing my eyes to notice how pretty her large dark green nipples were.
"You um... you were pretty good up there singing," I stammered out, noticing how I seemed to be vanishing into her eyes. Now that I had her up close, I realized they didn't glow, they were just a sort of pastel amber that made them very bright.
"Thank you but um... I'm just OK. It's fun though, I can put my heart out there when I sing," she said with a sigh. She opened her mouth to say more then shook her head. "Why are you..."
"In a place as quaint as this?" I said. "I was wondering as much. Miguel dragged us in here."
She looked over the stage area, moving her head as if trying to distinguish between Miguel and Jose. "Is that so?"
"He's the tall one, skinny," I pointed over.
"Oh, with Jacinta. I've seen him before I think," she said. "Does he...?"
"He does deliveries here I guess. I think. Yeah," I was enthralled watching her lips as she spoke, and barely gave so much as a glance at my friends.
"I like it here," she sighed. "Carmine's friend owns the place. It's safe for me here."
"Carmine?" I raised an eyebrow, and tried very hard not to stare at her breasts.
"Kind of my adopted mom, I guess;" she sighed. "I've known Dr. Espinoza, Carmine; since... since we arrived on New Earth."
"Oh, I read that's what the Ali..." I watched one of her long pointy ears twitch. "Um... what you call Earth. New Earth right?"
"We Humans call this place New Earth, because it's new to us. I guess it's just Earth to you Humans," she said with a challenging stare. "Oh and, go ahead and look," she cupped her tits and lifted them. They were really nicely shaped, and just a little above average in size. "Everybody does."
I was blowing it, I think she didn't like me almost saying 'aliens'. "I'm sorry," I said, making a point to look at her amazing almond eyes. "I just... You, you're just so..." I caught myself before saying beautiful. "Cute," I said. "Your smiling, giggling, and you're definitely playing cute with me trapped in your lure."
"Ay ay," she laughed. "But which of us is the mouse I wonder?"
I smiled back at her. I heard a light stomp behind me and she glanced over my shoulder. "Oh... I'm sorry, I have to go now."
"Oh um..." I struggled to hide my disappointment, and glanced behind to see an older woman looking at her with a grin.
"Uno momento Carmine;" she said, then turned those wonderful eyes on me and let out; "Mañana? But maybe two hours earlier?"
"Sí," I smiled. I watched her get up. This close I could see that she kept her pubes very light, but they were there. I turned my gaze to watch her walk away, with her friends coming to join her. The view from the rear was just as wonderful. A cute tight butt with a healthy bump to it, and hips that gave her a near perfect hourglass figure.
The woman I guessed to be Carmine said something quietly to her, and she responded with "...but Carmine... please..." as they walked out and up the stairs. Momma bear didn't want her girl playing with strange boys I guess.
After that we did in fact head down to Polanco and hit a few clubs. But I found myself distracted. There were beautiful women everywhere and Jose even chatted up a few girls with some moderate success, getting in a few dances. I barely noticed them. I did notice that I never saw a single Alien girl, but I did see two Alien guys. I wanted to chat with one of them but never found an opening. Now that I'd met an Alien, I had a lot of questions.
She was all I could think about for the rest of the night. I didn't want my vatos knowing, so I tried to play cool, but they knew I was distracted. Miguel just grinned at me and said something about blue pussy.
When I got back to my flat and had some time away from the roomies I went online and looked up a bunch of stuff. Lots of articles with wild conspiracies. It was hard to figure out what was real and what was just idiots making things up. Like some of the gringo sites talking about invading Mexico to take the Aliens that 'rightfully' belonged to a more important country.
Most of it was junk until I looked on the Alien Affairs website. That was a shock just on the homepage; which had a picture of a male and female Alien couple standing in front of a small house in Mexico City. The man was light green like my alien, and he had his arm around the waist of the woman. She was a light blue with bright red hair, above and below. She was completely naked, while the man next to her was dressed in normal street clothes. Both of them had on Vaquero cowboy hats, and the woman had a necklace with a quartz stone on the end.
Above them it said 'Meet Your New Neighbors'.
What caught my attention was an article about 'Settlement Day is coming soon'. Ten times as many Aliens were about to come down in a few months. Otherwise the homepage just talked about how friendly the Aliens were, and how we needed to be good hosts. How it was so prestigious for Mexico that they had come to us first. Some stuff about how they'd lost their home planet and had been wandering in space for millions of years as embryos.
There was a section on 'So you've met an Alien and want to make friends," but I skipped over that. I'm a friendly guy and I didn't need help. I did get wrapped up in a gallery of Alien girls talking about something or other I think. All those naked girls, I'm not sure what the article itself was even about. I'm a guy after all. Some of them even had bunny ears, which was cute, but a little weird for me.
They had sections on Aliens taking classes, seeking jobs, and even 'what food can an Alien eat.' There was some note about keeping vinegar away from them.
After that I went to bed with some difficulty. That whole gallery of Alien Girls had left my dick sore and spent.
Afternoon on Saturday couldn't come fast enough. Jose was off working, and Miguel had scored a date with the girl in the red skirt; Jacinta. So I was on my own. I wandered around wondering what it must be like to be one of them. Stuck on a new planet, no hope of going home, and way outnumbered.
In the movies this kind of thing always happened in America, so I wondered how they had ended up in Mexico City. I'd have to see if that website said anything about First Contact. I also had a problem, I wanted to bring a little gift with me, but what do you buy a girl who's always naked? A rose seemed to forward, so I settled on a small box of peppered chocolates. Sweet and spicy at the same time. A perfectly innocent gift.
I really should have read that article about making friends with an Alien. If I had, I would have never gotten her chocolate. But later, I was so glad I did.
I honestly don't know what I did for half the day. It probably involved being in such a daze that I likely wandered into traffic a few times. A few minutes before it was time to meet her, I realized I was sitting on a bench by a cafe a block away and had been staring at people walk by for almost a half hour without knowing it.
It was only a perfectly cute feminine giggle that let me realize I was sitting there in a daze.
"Oh, hi," she said. "Are you lost?" My beautiful naked alien girl was standing in front of me bouncing on her toes with her hands clasped behind her over her butt. There were curious colorful spots of paint over her belly, thighs, and arms.
"Um..." I began, I looked over at her. As I was sitting and she was standing I found myself looking right at her clitoris. As I noticed the way the sun shined around her light green skinned body I mentally slapped myself for forgetting my camera. "Uh... not anymore," I looked up and smiled at her. "Oh hey, sit down?"
"Sorry I was just painting." She looked at the bench, then felt it with her hand. "Sanded stone, you planned this didn't you? Those other benches are painted in synthetics." She pointed behind her to the other side of the little alley we were in, where there were a bunch of benches painted in bright but weather worn patterns. She sat down beside me on my left and spread her legs just a little bit. "Huh..." she sighed out. "I'm going nuts... Um... sorry..." She looked over at me as her left hand went down between her legs and seemed to be lightly brushing her pussy lips.
"Um..." I said, looking at her hand then up to her eyes. She smiled at me. "Hey, do you drink coffee?" I asked.
"Do I? I love cappuccino..." she said with excitement. "And I'm feeling like giving myself a naughty treat; a mocha." She licked her lips and added "probably not a good idea right now though."
I noticed several people trying to hide that they were watching us. I kinda felt sorry for her, she was a walking show. Over 20 million people in the greater city, and only 10 thousand Aliens, only half of them women. Everywhere she went she must have stood out like crazy. And being naked, no privacy.
We crossed the street to the cafe and I ordered us cappuccino's. She declined my offer to get her a mocha, but insisted we get cups to go. "So that was Carmine last night?" I asked, struggling for an opening.
Drinks in hand, I moved to sit at a soft sofa by the window, but she grabbed my arm and dragged me back to the stone bench across the alley, sitting us down side by side again.
"Yeah, she um, looks out for me a lot," she sipped on her drink and then glanced around noting people looking at her. Nodding to a few. "We had dinner planned yesterday, and she's always worried I'll get into a mess."
"She's like a mother hen to you?" I glanced over her paint speckled body. She was a grown woman but I realized that, being naked and an Alien could make things complicated in a crowded city. As I watched her I caught her idly running her left hand over her pussy again. I wondered if she was even aware she was doing it, right here, in full view of everyone. "How did you meet her?"
"Carmine's with Alien Affairs, she was my handler with I arrived. I'm not sure why, but we just bonded over the experience and now I live with her and her daughter Yoana. Yoana was with me yesterday. Her and Jacinta are best friends." She looked up for a second musing on something, "Yoana's Nineteen, so, by New Earth years two years younger then I am."
"Oh, I read that you're are the same age when you... um... hatch or something, out of the ships?" I asked, wondering if I had it right. She glanced at me and then swung a leg over the backless stone bench leaving herself facing me as if riding the bench like a saddle. I could not help but notice how this opened up her naked body to my gaze.
"Yeah, Teacher has some plan like that. Our bodies grow for 30 cycles, 20 of your years, while we're raised in The Dream. That's kind of like a very advanced virtual reality. I had fake parents, school classes, playing on a virtual version of our Earth, and everything. Even a fake funeral on my 10th cycle for my fake parents," she said with a slight frown.
"I'm sorry, I guess that was a rude question," I said, hoping I hadn't lost her.
"Oh," she smiled at me. "No I'm sorry, I'm not upset with you. I just... I love Teacher, in a way she's my real mother. But I was also conditioned to love her, and some of the ways we were raised just don't make sense to me when I think about them now that I've had a real life." That left hand idly pinched a nipple as she said this. But I barely noticed because those wonderful lips were speaking to me as her perfect amber eyes drilled into me.
"Oh," I said. "Still my fault for bringing that up. I've never met one of... your Humans... before." I was glad I had at least remembered that from what I read the night before, the Aliens word for themselves translated as 'Human' just as their word for their world translated as 'dirt' or 'Earth'. The Alien Affairs article had said it was polite to use Human with an adjective. "I'm sorry to burden you with my questions."
"Ay ay no," she said with a wave. "I don't mind if you don't mind. Carmine keeps a leash on me meeting... um... boys," She gave me a wicked wink. I gulped a little too much coffee wondering what kinds of questions I would have to answer for.
"Really, but you..." I began.
"Look like a naughty little thing sitting here naked and..." she dropped her voice to a whisper and moved in closer. "touching myself?" Her left had went down to her crotch again and wiggled over her clitoris with those words.
"Um... well... no but I just..." I started, but she cut me off with a laugh.
Her laugh turned to a giggle and she moved her lips right to within an inch of mine saying in a throaty voice; "Carmine thinks boys will take advantage of little naked me..." she blew a breath into me, with breath that smelled of lemons. "...and I'm hoping she's right."
Hoping? Was I looking at an amazingly beautiful naked alien woman sitting there before me who had little experience with men? My curiosity was engaged, but you just didn't ask someone something like that. Instead I realized something, I had forgotten the gift I brought for her. How rude of me. "Oh... so silly of me. I don't know how I got distracted but,"
"I think I know," she winked at me.
"Um... yeah, but... I... brought you a little something. A gentleman brings a gift, but I wasn't sure given your..." I fumbled with my shoulder pack, and found the little box of chipotle spiced chocolates.
"Given my nakedness?" she said, as she pinched one of her nipples a little more blatantly than before.
"Uh, sí. So I, I hope you like sweets?" I said, as I gave her the box.
I was not at all prepared for the look she gave the box, and then me. She took the palm sized box, read the label and gasped in shock. Her hands almost bounced as if I'd given her hot coals, then she clutched it tightly and looked at me with extreme intensity while her eyelids lowered and her mouth pouted in a look that spoke volumes on a channel I had yet to tune into. "You..." she started.
"Um... I'm sorry, did I... Oh my gosh, is chocolate dangerous to you, or..." I reached to take the box back, worried I'd really blown it this time.
"You..." she whispered out. She put the box between her legs and grabbed me with both hands around the waist, scooting us even closer together. "You naughty, naughty, naughty boy... and here I thought you didn't know much about my kind." Then her lips brushed against mine and she blew a lemony breadth into my mouth.
I pulled my face back a little in surprise. "Um..." Did I miss something?
"Oh we're going to have so much fun together now," she whispered with a hand over the chocolates. "I'm getting so horny just looking at the box..." Now I really, really, wanted to know what I had missed. Maybe I should have read that page on making friends with an Alien after all.
She took the box in one hand, got up, and pretty much dragged me down the street. "What's... where are we...?" I asked with a worried look at her cute naked butt leading me away to my fate. For some reason I chose this moment to notice how pretty her naked feet were on the stones of the alleyway.
"It's legal for me in the open, but... um... just in case..." We passed the little stairwell down into the club I'd seen her in the night before and she found a door a few little shops later. It looked like some old traditional door, but she pressed her free hand against a square on the wall beside it and the door clicked and popped ajar. She opened the door and dragged me inside, shutting it behind her and leaving us in hallway decorated with paintings of local scenes.
"Carmine's not home," she said in a heavy voice. She let go of me and fumbled with the box. She quickly downed one of the little chocolates and handed me a second. I reached to take it and as I did I smelled a very strong citrus odor coming from her. Her nipples got rock hard, and there was a shiny wetness around her crotch.
"Um... I..." I began. She used one hand to guide the hand I held the chocolate with to my mouth, so I ate it. As I started to chew she took my other hand and put it onto her pussy, rubbing my hand up and down getting my fingers sticky wet. "What's going... on..."
"I'm so fucking ready, you naughty boy, bringing me chocolate. Flirting with me, getting me all interested, and you just want to fuck don't you?" She breathed out.
"I um... chocolate?" I said in confusion.
"Put your fingers in," she said. "Please, hurry, I can't take it anymore... please..." She looked at the box of chocolates, there were still three in there. She started trying to hump my hand.
I wasn't stupid, I was just shocked. But I was catching on. She was on fire for some reason. I put my index and middle fingers in, and awkwardly tried to angle my palm onto her clit.
"Oh gosh, yes... like that but more," she said with a moan.
I watched as her beautiful eyes blinked closed in pleasure, and her mouth let out soft moans in time to my fingers moving in and out. This was... not an area I had much experience in. I'd been fully intimate with two women before. Quick moments from nights in clubs. I had had my hands or lips on a couple more, but only as one time moments. I had a girl friend in preparatoria school, but we were good kids focused on getting to university so it never went beyond holding hands, kissing, and romantic conversations.
Nothing in those quick moments had ever felt as intimate as the moment before me now. She had a need to her, and as her eyes came back open, a look that pierced through me, searching for something. Those women from quick moments in my past had just been about play. Some raunchy fun after some heated dancing. But this Alien girl, she was intense. Like something was finally being unleashed that she had held in way too long.
All that, and we had barely started, I was stroking into her rather gently, and rubbing my palm in awkward circles around her clit. I let my shoulder bag slide to the floor and brought my right hand up to cup her breast.
The touch was so soft and warm. I began to pet about the surface of her breast, allowing the nipple to slide between two fingers, then gently closing them together for a soft pinch only to be able to relish in the feel of her nipple held there. Fingering her got a little lost in that, but I think we were both happy that my digits were just staying inside where she wanted them.
She looked at me as I was doing this, and softly breathed out "kiss me," letting her mouth float open in invitation. I took my right hand off her breast and cupped it behind her neck; pulling us together. Glancing just before her lips touched mine, I was surprised to see small vampire like fangs. Not seriously sharp, but definitely there. Something I had missed in our prior flirting.
The kiss freed up my coordination so I began to thrust my fingers into her again, keeping it slow and steady, with rounded motions. I wanted to take my time bringing her up, because bringing her up just felt so right. As our tongues touched, we began the dance of exploration and I tasted lemon and orange citrus. I began to hope she would let me taste her below as well, but for now I was content in the moment, relishing the kiss and her gasps that interrupted it whenever my rubbing below connected just right.
After a wonderful spell she broke our kiss, pulled back, and looked me in the eye for a long heated moment. Finally she let out a hissing sound, started to hump herself onto my hand and said "please, harder!"
Unable to resist her cute expression I kissed her nose as I added a third finger and started to almost shove in and out of her depths. She blinked and smiled at my kiss, followed by a gasp from my thrusts. The space around us began to fill with the strong smell of lemons as I felt her soaking my hand.
Her amber eyes closed tightly as tears began to moisten the edges. A bluish blush colored her face and between her breasts. She reached up to claw at my shoulders and cried out as I felt her pussy spasm around my hand in orgasmic release. With her orgasm, I put forceful pressure upon her clit and plunged my fingers into her pussy in three long but slow thrusts, as if mimicking cumming into her.
She shot her eyes open to stare at me as I did this, and held her lips closed as if biting them. A little waiting after the last thrust, and then I kept a slow and steady pace of very gently fingering her down from her orgasm.
With one hand she reached down to hold my hand in her, and with the other she reached up to push us apart just a little, looked my over with a tilt to her head and declared with a smile; "Hi, I'm Ángelita."
There I was gently fingering this green skinned alien beauty as I suddenly realized we had never exchanged names. "Silverio," I stated, locking eyes with her. "I'm Silverio Soto."
She laughed, kissed me quickly and followed with, "So you must like things that are green. Ángelita Primera."
"Things that are... Oh, my name. Yeah, tree god from the woods." I chuckled. "Wait, Primera... you, you're one of the five?" What was one of the most important Aliens on the planet doing just living on a quaint side alley of the city.
She put a finger to her lips and shushed me. "Sometimes my AI translates names too literally. But yeah, I led First Contact. But I'm not like Venus or Maya. I just want to be..." she shrugged her shoulders without moving her hands away.
I let my fingers slide out of her pussy and brushed my hand along the surface, lingering to pinch her clit then trailing up to her belly. "Please," she called out to me. "I need more."
Instead of putting my hand back inside her, I cupped her ass cheeks and pulled her in, giving her a kiss, "Ángelita, a wonderful name for you," I told her.
Her left hand grabbed my crotch and she looked at me with a raised eyebrow. "I... um... can I?" she asked. "I've never..."
I leaned back a little to look at her, wondering. What she a virgin? A naked horny Alien running around in a big city, and she's never...
She unbuttoned my slacks, pulling down the zipper, and reached in to grasp around my cock. Both our eyes grew in wonderment. Her touch was soft and warm, and I felt bliss as she slid her hand up and down me. I was, probably average, but to her that seemed enough. Like almost every guy on the planet I had seen a clip of Venus in action. She was a breakout porn star living in Italy, an Alien and one of the other five. In porn, all the guys have massive dicks, making a regular guy like me feel small. I wondered as I looked at Ángelita, recalling that Venus was known to fuck as many as a dozen guys a day. Was that kind of stamina just an Alien thing?
"Wow," Ángelita gasped out, wrapping her fingers around me. "This is what it feels like. It's so soft, but so hard at the same time. Does it... um... feel funny when you walk around?"
"Um..." does it feel funny? That was an odd question. But I guess a girl doesn't have a thing getting in the wrong position all the time. At least not in her pants. And this girl didn't wear clothes so I guess she had no perspective. "... well, I mean I've always had it, so I dunno."
"I've never seen one before, in person, can I look at it?" She said, and not waiting for an answer she used her other hand to shove my slacks down enough and then both to free my cock.
She really was, a virgin that is. Not just to sex, but to men. "I had a guy finger me a couple of times before," she stated casually. "When I was really worked up during First Contact. But I didn't feel anything..." she touched her left breast "...here. With him. And Carmine didn't let me look at his dick."
She squatted down to eye level with my cock. Looking down I marveled at her pointy ears, and followed back to see the curve of her ass cheeks behind her.
"You smell... different," she said. "Not like Yoana or Jacinta." Visions of her and the girls from the night we met all having lesbian sex together flooded my brain. "Yoana has to help me cum a lot." She added just to be sure my brain was truly scrambled.
"Um... should we..." We were still standing in the hallway not far from the front door, with an obvious living room opening out on the left and another opening further down I guessed to be the kitchen. Plus a few doors on the right. There had to be a bed or something in one of them.
Then she just leaned in and put half my did in her mouth in one quick move. I felt her tongue licking all around me. I'd been leaking into my pants before. Hard not to when you're standing there fingering a beautiful naked Alien girl. But I imagine she now had a taste of me. She mumbled something around my dick. "Hmmm?" I gasped out.
She pulled back, "I like it, it tastes... like spiced jeztari." She she swallowed me up again.
"Jeztari?" I looked down at her head holding still as her tongue played around me. She was... trying to figure out what she was supposed to do.
She let me pop out again. "Oh, I guess Teacher hasn't translated that. It's a candy from my Earth. Very delicious, at least I think. Only had it in The Dream." She giggled. "But now I get to have it for real!" And then she swallowed me again.
"Move your head up and down as you do that," I groaned out as she kept trying to French kiss my dick. "Oh yeah, like that." I was glad she was a quick leaner. In no time at all she found where I was sensitive and got busy.
And there we were, me standing with my slacks halfway down, and her squatting naked in front of me sucking happily away on my dick, when the front door opened.
The voice of a woman around our age called out, "I'm home Ángelita. I found a very cute hat for you. Jacinta's coming by soon."
I looked over as the door shut, seeing the girl from the day before that had not been in the red skirt. Yoana. She was looking at me as her eyes started to get really big. Ángelita let my cock slip out of her mouth and glanced back at Yoana. "Oh Yoana, look! I wish I'd known your Human males had such delicious cocks. You should try him. He's also really good at fingering me." Ángelita giggled and dove right back onto my cock, but now with furious abandon.
"Um..." Yoana and I said in unison.
My dick decided that was the absolute perfect moment to bust a nut. I instinctively gave three quick thrusts into her mouth and shot her full of my cum.
Ángelita's eyes got really big, Yoana dropped her bags and just stared in wonder. I grunted and had my moment. Ángelita mumbled or gagged something around my dick, and then I felt her tongue working all around it while I was still inside her.
As soon as I was done, she pulled her head off of me, tilted her face at an angle and licked her lips to reveal that she was holding my load in her mouth. Then she proceeded to lick my dick in an effort to get everything for herself. She beamed a smile up at me, letting go of my dick only long enough to stand back up. As soon as she was up she took my dick back in her hand and playfully stroked me up and down.
"I um..." I started to say, looking over at a rather shocked Yoana.
"Like... what the fuck is..." Yoana started to say.
Ángelita was playing with my cum in her mouth, but eventually swallowed it and stated, "it tastes like candy." She gave me a forceful look and demanded "make more, I want more!" She started trying to jack me off.
"Oh... my... it um... it doesn't taste like candy at all," Yoana said.
Ángelita quickly turned to look at Yoana. "You've had guys before? Without me?"
"Oh, oops. Yeah, remember," Yoana put a finger to her chin in thought. "Oh you didn't meet him. Then there was, no wait, he was from my job last summer. And um," she paused, rolling her eyes up. "Um. OK yeah!" she admitted. "A couple times."
"Hey um..." I stammered out. "I should..."
"You should put that away," Yoana pointed at my dick. "Not bad looking though. My mom is going to be so mad..."
"Carmine..." Ángelita fumed, and gave a jerk to my dick.
"Ow, um..." I winced.
Ángelita dropped down and kissed my cock, licking all around it. "Oh, is that better?" Her actions had me hard again.
"Look um..." I glanced between them, "I'm sorry, this got out of hand and I um..." I squirmed away and started to do up my slacks again.
"Carmine never lets me have boys," Ángelita sighed. She looked hungrily at me. "I'm still so fucking horny... too much chocolate."
"You had chocolate... no wonder," Yoana said as she approached us. To my surprise she reached down and took a hold of my cock, wiping her thumb along the tip to pick up a little of my leakage.
"Um..." I started, as Yoana used her other hand to guide Ángelita back up.
Yoana licked her thumb. "Yeah, kinda salty. Funny how some stuff tastes so different for us."
"I think it's so delicious..." Ángelita declared. "I want more cocks, Yoana please... Why is Carmine..."
Yoana glanced at me. She held my cock in her right hand, and she took her left hand and pushed two fingers into Ángelita's pussy. "My mom's super protective," she stated in a low voice. "We're grown women and she guards us like kids."
Yoana guided the both of us into the living room. She let go of my dick but started pumping her fingers into Ángelita. "You can sit now?" she glanced at Ángelita.
"I just came, yeah," Ángelita said, sitting down on a sofa, causing Yoana's fingers to pop out.
"She has to cum or she gets rashes and itches from a lot of things. So-called Alien allergy," Yoana looked at me.
"Yoana and Carmine help me cum a lot," Ángelita smiled. "But Yoana, it's a lot more fun with Silverio."
Yoana sighed. "Yeah, we're gonna half to talk to mom, you need a guy." She looked at me, "not saying it's you. I doubt you could keep up with her. Least, not on your own."
I had managed to get my slacks back on. "I um... I should go I think."
"Probably, if my mom finds you here..." Yoana looked me over. "Best we talk to her first." She looked back to Ángelita, adding with a nod in my direction; "wait till Jacinta hears about him."
I looked at Ángelita and she smiled at me, then made a kissing gesture. "Mañana?" I asked.
"Um... I have to go to Mass, let's meet later, at La Conneja?" Ángelita pleaded. "I... need. Want to see you again."
An alien that went to church? That was strange. How did they handle the nudity? I had thought the Aliens would have been the end of religion. Something to look up. "Ok," I stepped in and gave her a kiss, to which she slipped in her tongue and I realized I could taste a bit of myself in her mouth. As I did this I noticed Yoana, who had sat down beside her, was gently rubbing Ángelita's pussy.
As I stepped into the hallway and picked my bag up I heard Ángelita whisper; "Yoana, I need to cum more, the chocolate... please..."
"It's OK, you should be careful though," Yoana whispered back and I heard the wet sound of Ángelita being fingered. As I left Ángelita started to moan.
My head was in a whirl. What was I getting into. This Alien girl was far from normal. I'd only just met here, so the smart thing to do would just be to walk, and not come back.
But I just couldn't get her out of my head. That night I just sat in my room in the flat for hours thinking about her. She was the hottest girl I'd ever met, and she had this really strange combination of being super cute, sneakily flirtatious, and apparently comically innocent. Of course she wasn't really even human, was she? They were living among us, and everything I'd read said they were almost like us. But some of what I'd seen was just... different.
A real girl, I mean... a human girl... or... a New Earth Human girl... wouldn't be running around naked and horny like that. And what was up with the chocolate. Why were they really naked anyway? Was it true... the allergy thing. How could that even work? How does she even sleep in a bed or anything?
I'd once read that men fall in love in seconds, but women can take days, weeks, or months. Why did it feel like it was the other way around here? The way she looked at me, even when we were just talking that first night, no one have ever looked at me like that.
I went to bed with my head spinning in thoughts, and had a dream that was all about her smiling and giggling. I'm a guy, like any guy, and I had a dream about a cute naked girl, and it was just about laughing, smiling, and talking to each other. No sex. I guess I was done for, with a girl I'd only met twice.
Sensible me of course, didn't win out. The next afternoon after a day of being unable to put her out of my mind I found myself walking down the steps into La Conneja. This time, I had chosen to bring roses instead of chocolate. Roses might be too romantic, but I figured I had some leeway to feel the waters with a girl I'd already fingered to an orgasm. I had also made sure to bring my camera. The good one I used in my classes, not just the thing on my phone.
I ran into Jacinta on the way down as she was coming up. "Yoana's running distraction with Carmine," she looked me over, raising an eyebrow at the roses in my hand. "Miguel's an asshole." Then she turned away and proceeded up the steps.
I stopped and sent a text to Miguel, "What's up with Jacinta?"
"Who?" Oh, so that's why he was an asshole. I couldn't disagree.
It was a Sunday evening so it was a little quieter when I got in there that it had been before. No one on the stage, only one bartender and she seemed more occupied with speaking to a small group of older people, and quiet Regional Mexicano music playing through a stereo somewhere.
I found her standing around the tables in the darkened area under the arches. I came up behind her as she was drawing something on a sketchpad. From behind the view of her bare ass was a wonder to see. A cutely shaped butt, and just enough thigh gap below that I could make out the outline of her pussy as I approached.
"Hello," I stated as I held the roses in both hands up against my chest. She jumped a little in surprise then spun around with a smile and a bounce to her tits. Looking at her and the sketchpad in her hands, I started to wonder where she kept normal things like a phone, wallet, or even the usual feminine products girls wandered around with. "So you do draw, I wondered after the paint yesterday."
"I was so worried you might not come," she declared, offering forth a hand. I took her hand with my left and in a very dated gesture brought it to my lips for a kiss. She had small but cute hands with long graceful fingers, Her nails had a bluish tint to them and came to slight points. She giggled with my kiss. "and yes, I'm a painter. At least I try." She glanced at the camera I had on a shoulder strap.
I really liked her giggles, which she seemed to do a lot of. She had this squint to those almond eyes of hers when she giggled that was really cute. "As lovely as you are," I gave her the roses with my free hand as I ended the kiss, "a rose may not be enough."
"Oh a charmer I see?" she giggled. "A rose is sweet, you cute little boy," she smelled the roses. "Or is this like spring love, an infatuation that quickly withers away?" She spun the hand I had kissed around, taking my wrist in turn, and led me to a long bench along a back wall, gently pushing me to sit down.
"I um," I looked up to her, putting my view right in line with her engorged clit. My brain booked a luxury cruise somewhere else. I lifted my camera.
"Me a painter, and you a photographer?" She pushed my camera aside. "Probablemente más tarde," and then she turned around and sat in my lap, then leaned back into me. holding the roses in her left hand, she took my right hand and placed it over her crotch, using her fingers to strongly imply that my fingers needed to clock in for the evening shift. "Please..." she whispered.
"But... here, I don't..." despite my hesitancy I slipped a finger into her.
"Oh silly," she snuggled into me. "Don't you know by now?"
"Know?" I stammered out. "Um, know what?"
"Those Alien girls need to cum, pretty much all the time," someone I had failed to see said. I looked up to the see the bartender standing in front of us with some glasses of horchata. "Blew my mind when Carmine first brought her in here."
"Silly boy, don't you know anything?" Ángelita twisted herself around just enough to smile at me as I gave her clit a little pinch.
"But... is it OK, in here?" I looked at the bartender.
She put the drinks down on a small table to the side of our bench. and then looked to what my hand was doing to Ángelita's pussy. "You're a little late asking for permission, not that you need to. But... if you weren't doing that she'd break out in a rash leaning against your clothes like that."
"I'm allowed to cum anywhere," Ángelita stated with pride. I picked up one of the drinks with my left hand.
"Special rules for them," the bartender said. "I wish I had your problems Ángelita..."
"But Carmine... Reina you gotta tell Carmine, I need a boy, it's soooo much better with a boy..." Ángelita growled out.
"Don't we all sister... don't we all..." the bartender, Reina I guess, sighed.
I grabbed a sip of horchata. I was getting ready to swallow the drink when Ángelita burst out with "Reina; I sucked him off yesterday, and it was sooo good. I felt full like I'd had dinner... And then I had the best sleep last night." And there went my horchata. I coughed and spat my drink out all over the floor in front of us.
Reina burst out laughing. "Easy Ángelita, you're going to scare him off." I made to try and get up, but Ángelita didn't seem to want to get off my lap. "I got it," Reina said.
Ángelita picked up the other glass and took a drink. "But it was... it was fun. It... um... it tasted like candy." I started to lift my drink back up to my lips. "Yoana said he tasted salty though..."
Reina laughed again. "I guess they are kinda salty sometimes. Funny it would taste like candy to you." Wow was I glad I hadn't yet taken another drink. I figured I'd better get in a mouthful before she tossed out another line like that.
"It was so nice, I was even able to sleep with a body pillow last night," Ángelita spread out her arms and legs. "No rashes Reina. See..."
One swallow down, still had half my glass to go. I tried again. "Good for you," Reina said. She hadn't bothered to even make a move to clean up the spill on the floor. "She usually has trouble with blankets and pillows."
I took a drink. Ángelita cheerfully declared; "see. I have to put my... foot? Put my foot down with Carmine. I need a boy. I should fuck a boy, then I'll really be happy." I coughed into my drink.
"Um..." I started to say.
"Oh I think we'd all be happy with more of that," Reina chuckled, glancing at my right hand's fingers that were still playing with Ángelita's pussy. I took another drink
"Oh Silverio, let's go fuck, or maybe we can fuck here!" Ángelita excitedly declared as I spat out my drink and started coughing.
"There we go..." Reina laughed. "Girl, you are going to have that poor boy scared out of his mind... Silverio? Be careful with her, and if you hurt her..." Reina drew a finger across her neck.
"Hey... now who's scaring my boy?" Ángelita accused. "She won't hurt you..." she reached between her legs and down to my crotch, patting me there. "But I think I just might," she giggled.
Reina looked at me, "You don't know much about them, the New Humans, do you? She's allowed to fuck, basically anywhere. Just remember that you aren't. Even the Alien boys aren't. Don't ask me how that's supposed to work itself out," Reina shrugged. "But I'd rather that not be happening in here while the place is open."
Ángelita sighed. "Ay ay... OK..." She jumped up off my lap and grabbed my hand as it popped out of her. "Come on, let's go fuck." She pulled me up as Reina laughed.
She grabbed a strange shoulder bag that had a metal chain strap and banded wood on one side, throwing her sketchpad into it. "Wood and metal; no allergy," she said wearing the bag on her shoulder. It didn't look too comfortable, and that chain would be brutal in summer.
I found myself dragged to the side door that was left of the back stage, the door that lead into the pantry and a partial kitchen. "Not in here?" I hoped.
"No silly," she marched to a door at the end, and out we went to a back stairwell leading into a very thin somewhat unkempt back alley, down the way a bit as I realized we were looking at the back door of the home she shared with Carmine and Yoana. In we went and I got marched to a bedroom.
The entryway opened to the middle of the room. Along the left wall was a small bed with a wood frame painted in vibrant traditional Mexican themes. A small similar nightstand to the bed's left, and a little desk to the right. The bed had a few colorful pillows and some tossed about sheets, and I could see at least six dildos lying scattered around it. Two painter's easels stood in the corners on the opposite side of the room, and a thing that I think was called a sybian was on the floor between them. The far wall had small slit like windows up above eye-level, letting in light without disrupting privacy.
There were paintings and sketches all over the walls, with all of the work clearly by the same artist, who I guessed to be Ángelita. She had a style that seemed to be about filling a space with either color or gradations of shadow, and then mixing in more color or removing shadow until a shape took form. "You like?" she asked.
"They're beautiful, much like the painter," I stated, glancing from the work to her. Many of the scenes were of local buildings and trees, but on one easel I glanced what I imagined was a charcoal rendition of my face in profile.
"That one's not done yet," she said with a blush, moving herself to block my view. Looking over her works, I thought about the craft of a painter is so similar, and yet so different, from a photographer. I had to capture a moment of perfection at just the right time, she had to recreate it over time. But both of us dealt in shadow and light to evoke emotion.
A stray thought bothered me, "what did Reina mean, when she said I didn't need to ask?"
Ángelita did her cute giggle again and rolled her eyes at me. "Carmine and Teacher both keep telling me everybody reads about how to be nice with us, but I guess not."
I sat my camera down on the night stand, and took her by the waist moving her towards the bed. "I guess I need to learn a lot," I said, lightly kissing her lips.
"Silly boy," she whispered back. "Reina was trying to tell you, this," she grabbed my hand and put it onto the lips of her pussy. "This... is how you say hello to, my kind of Human girl." She guided my hand to rub around her clit then pushed my fingers into the fold to rub against her inner labia.
"But... but that's" I stammered. Was she telling me to just walk up to Alien girls and finger them anytime I met one?
"That's wonderful," she moaned out. "For my kind. I can't even lie down on my own bed unless I've cum, or I'm in the middle of being touched."
"Oh..." the dildos all over the bed took on new meaning. I couldn't imagine how difficult that would be.
"Teacher said they put it on the 'make friends with an Alien Girl' site," she started to sit down on the bed with me following her, my fingers gently exploring. "Say hello, with your fingers, it makes it easier so I don't have to stand there or sit on a rock to have a conversation."
I really needed to read that now. I remembered how she had wanted to sit on the stone bench the day before. "You can't even sit on a chair?"
"Metal, stone, bamboo, and some hardwood" she said. "I can do those, even painted if the paint is natural."
I glanced around the paintings on the wall, suddenly realizing they had a very specific color palette. She was probably allergic to a lot of paints.
"Anything artificial, plastic, animal fibers, plant fibers. All itchy, rashes, and worse," She moaned to my fingers. "Unless I cum first, and then just kinda rest. Sexual hormone release or something. I go outside or exercise, the allergy is back."
"But what's that to do with..." I started to ask, thinking on how to say it.
"Asking permission?" She smiled at me. "You're too sweet for a naughty boy you know. We were raised to be very reserved," she got up and pulled out her sketchpad, flipping pages until she had a drawing to show me. It looked a little like her, but she was dressed in a full length gown with long flowing bell shaped sleeves.
"That's how I dressed before... In the Dream," she stated. "It's um... the Virtual Reality we were raised in while Teacher grew our bodies before we landed on this Earth."
"It's very conservative, almost like a wizard or priest robe," I mused.
"So, it's easier for us to just 'power through', can't be shy if people don't even stop to ask," she laughed. "At least with petting and fingering. Fucking and licking, that's a different matter."
"I still don't think I could do that," I said. It was just wrong.
"Oh just with us," she pointed out. "Yeah do that with one of your Humans and slam, welcome to prison vatos." She started pinching her nipples. "But you better start fingering me anytime you see me, or I might just have to bite you." She bared her fangs playing at trying to look fierce. "And maybe fuck me too," she whispered, lying back on the bed.
"Well miss, I suppose I should be a gentleman and assist with your request," I moved between her legs grabbing her under her butt and pulling her to the edge of her bed. She leaned up and pulled open the buttons on my slacks, and I tugged them and my boxers down, exposing my cock to her.
Her almost eyes grew with delight and she wrapped a hand around my dick. "So beautiful," she said. "I've wanted this for so long, please... fuck me." Somewhat awkwardly I grabbed a pillow off the bed and put it under my knees to cushion myself against the hardwood floor.
I felt along her slit, it was wet with anticipation. She held on to my dick as I moved my hips forward to line us up. She used her grasp of me to run the head of my cock past her outer folds and up and down her inner labia. She was wet with anticipation as the room filled with the smell of citrus. I knew this was her first time, so I held back and let her playfully explore the moment.
For her part Ángelita had a wide eyed look of joyous wonder as she felt the contact between us. With my manhood pressing onto the surface of her sex, she released her grasp and ran her palm up over the top of my shaft, over her labia, and up to her clit with a slight squeal of delight. I caught her eyes, raising an eyebrow, and she smiled with a nod.
She gasped as I pushed myself into her. "Oh... oh my. Ooooo, so... wow." She felt... wonderful. She was certainly not the most experienced girl I'd been with, and she didn't know how to use her muscles inside, but I didn't care. It wasn't her pussy that felt wonderful, it was her that was wonderful.
With her butt on the end of the bed, I was kneeling on the floor in front of her. I took her left leg and brought it over my shoulder as I began a slow and steady pace of thrusting into her. She looked up at me and laughed. "Oooo, oh, oh my, oh that's so funny, oh, ooo, um..." she gasped, then laughed. "Ooo, this is so silly."
She was stuck between moaning in pleasure and laughing. "Uh..." I pushed in a little harder, and brought her right leg up over my other shoulder. Something I had read would cause her to feel more pressure where it counted. I put my hand over her clit, adding small circles to her pleasure.
"Oh wow," she gasped. "So um..." she giggled and I rammed my cock in as deep as I could manage. "So this is fucking, oh my gosh this is amazing."
Most girls would gasp, moan, and be faking an orgasm by this point. But she was a laugher. Jose told me he fucked a girl that was like that once, some gringo tourist out for a thrill.
Ángelita started to moan more and giggle less, as a strong blue blush broke out over her green skin around her pussy and above her breasts. She looked down to where we were joined together, sighed, and then laughed out "Oh gosh, that looks so funny, but so hot."
I pulled my hand back from her clit, and pushed her legs down from my shoulders and spread out to form a letter 'M', allowing her to see clearly. I caressed her long pointed ear with one hand and grunted as I pounded into her, watching as her skin tried to cling to me with each time that I pulled back. It was a sight I was always fascinated with, made all the more entrancing by the contrast of her light green skin against my tanned brown.
Alien or not, she felt like a woman, and I was getting to that point where I'd lose control if I didn't slow myself down. I wanted her to cum first, which is not easy to do when it's been a while and the woman you're with is that beautiful. So I slowed my pace, and began to rub around her clit with increasing pressure. Ángelita smiled at me and sighed, while her hips began to rock back against me.
I pulled out of her, she gasped and glared at me, "hey boy, put that back where it belongs," she said with a laughing attempt at sounding scary. Instead I crawled up on the bed and got on my back, then rolled her on top of me. She got the idea and followed with a cheerful "oh, my turn," as she jumped onto my waist, putting her hands on my chest and mounting me.
I recalled a girl I'd fucked after a night clubbing last summer. She would stop when riding me to push down hard and grind her clit against me, bringing herself off. My hope was that Ángelita would figure this move out before I lost control, but I didn't exactly want to un-romantically tell her what to do.
Ángelita set herself to pumping my cock like a piston as she moaned out with delight. I groaned out, trying to hold back my own release, then held her hips down briefly to give her a hint. She took to rocking around in circles over my cock. On the up cycle her weight came down onto her pubic area, pressing her clit into me. Her beautiful almond eyes lit up, the amber color seeming to glow with the emotion of her passion as she realized she was now in control of her pleasure. "Oh wow," she gasped out.
She held me down and took a moment to test her control. Pushing her hips down and grinding her clit against me in a very slight but forceful wiggle. She got completely silent and her pretty blue colored lips worked into a pout as she forcefully stared down at the join between us.
This move gave me almost nothing as she held my cock still inside her; grinding her clit. But that was what I needed, a pause to come away from the edge. My pause was her buildup, and her grinding started to get more and more intense.
Suddenly she gasped then yelled out "oh yes, fuck, harder, now!" and started to ride on me as fast and hard as she could. She bounced about like crazy, risking me popping out. I held her hips to keep her from going too far and felt her vagina clamping down on me as she climaxed with a scream of pleasure.
That was all I could take. I grunted and shot my cum into her. Her eyes widened with the realization that we were cumming together. As she came down she let out a long "hmmmmm,' as she started to rock her hips back and forth slowly. Then she dropped down to rest on top of me with a kiss.
Our tongues met and danced together, but it was soft and gentle this time. I tasted a mix of lemon and orange on her. "You're delicious," I told her. I felt myself being to slip out of her.
"Oh," she said, as I popped free, followed a wet mess spilling out onto us. She reached back to take a sample into her hand, bringing her head back to taste it. "Just like jeztari candy."
We laughed together. Sex didn't usually taste good. But I guess that's just how it would be with an Alien Girl. "That was... even more amazing than I thought it would be," Ángelita said.
She rolled off of me and onto her back, throwing her arms out wide. "My blankets feel so soft and smooth, not scratchy now." She looked at me with a serious look. "We should fuck more often," she declared. I was not about to object to that idea.
I suggested we go out for a bite, but she declined, telling me that if she went out, she'd need to orgasm again before being able to sleep in her bed, and she wanted to sleep with the smell and taste of me on her. So we ordered pizza from a place nearby.
When it arrived, she went to the door and answered, naked and still a little tossed looking, with an "Hola Carlos" as she collected the order. It made for a bit of a backward date. Instead of dinner and then maybe more, we had the more, then the dinner. As we ate we talked about our passions. Ángelita showed me her sketches and paintings, and I showed her what photos I had on my camera.
"The way you work with shadow is so fascinating," I mused, working through a pad full of charcoal drawings. She seemed to start with a very dark space, and slowly scratch away the darkness in complex layers. Much as her color work was a wild blend of colors forming a shape without using lines. She didn't color in a drawing, the image emerged in the color.
"Our eyes are a little different," Ángelita noted, as she scrolled through images on my camera. "Teacher says your humans see a little more... red, and a little less violet than we do. But I think we also interpret it differently."
"We hear the same," I said. "When you sang, it was like a native Mexican."
"No..." she shook her head. She held up her left hand touching her thumb and middle finger, both of which glowed slightly. Then she glance at me with her head tilted a little sideways in curiosity. She pointed to me and spoke "Sil...veh..ree?"
It was my name, but pronounced a little off. "what...?" she kissed me stopping my words.
"kasz, see?" again her words sounded a little off.
"Sí, kiss," I answered.
She clapped her hands, "kasz! kasz!" She pointed at herself and said; "mo hiplo ezpaeño..."
"Um..." I think she had said no hablo español, but it sounded really off. She touched her fingers together again, repeating the short glow.
"I want to learn to speak Spanish," she stated. "With my real voice."
"Your real voice? But..." She had my curiosity.
"Teacher, my AI. To my mind, I am speaking my language. Teacher changes my voice to be your language, to be Spanish," She stated.
"So, you can't even understand the words you hear yourself speak?" I asked.
"Teacher makes my brain hear in my language. When you speak, I don't hear Spanish, I hear my language," she frowned. "I want to speak naturally, so I can feel what I sing. My language is one of science and loss. I turn off my AI and listen to people; Spanish is a musical language. Love, passion, happiness and tragedy. I want to feel that when I speak and listen."
"But you can't," I nodded. "As long as your... Teacher, stands between us."
She stopped to look at a message on her phone, "Yoana says Carmine is on her way home."
We were almost out of time. "Mañana, I don't have classes on Mondays. Mañana, we can meet at the cafe, and I will teach you."
She smiled and cutely clapped her hands together, then leaned into me for a kiss. "My cute boy, Mañana a proper date, we can talk and play, then we fuck after."
I laughed. I was certainly not going to challenge that plan. I wasn't quite sure how to make sense of the dynamic between her and Carmine. If we saw each other much more, that would have to get worked out. For that night however, I managed to make my escape not long before Carmine was due to arrive.
When I got home that night I looked at my camera and realized that once again, I had somehow managed to fail to get any pictures of her, but I did discover she had managed to take one picture of me looking at the sketch of my face on one of her easels. She had a good eye for composition, but the image was a little off from not knowing how to work the settings.
I could smell citrus all over myself when I went to bed, which left me with some really strange dreams about adorably cute lemons or something.
The next day as I approached the cafe I saw Ángelita sitting across the alley on the same stone bench we'd sat at before. I did a double take when I saw her, she had a decorative pink sombrero on. I had my camera with me and was ready for a day of fun, so I quickly snapped a picture of her in the oversized hat.
Only problem was she wasn't alone. Carmine was there and they were talking. Carmine kept patting Ángelita's wrist. I steeled myself for what could soon be an awkward uncomfortable moment, and then walked over.
"Hello; Carmine right?" I stated, as I approached, looking to Carmine. She gave me the look. The same look my mother gave Eduardo the first time my sister had brought him over.
Then she smiled, "I hear you're a photographer?" she asked. Ángelita had laid the groundwork well for me.
"I'm a student, at Ciudad Universitaria. Photography is my passion, yes," I brought up my camera, letting her look through some of what I still had stored on it.
"I see you like traditional architecture," she noted, looking through the images.
"Color contrast can be interesting," I pointed out some details in the scene she was looking at on the tiny screen. "But I'm thinking of a project with contrasts between new and old; especially as it applies to people."
"Oh, you could do a series with me," Ángelita clapped her hands. "By some of the people who dress up for tourists."
"I was thinking along those lines," I admitted. "And with that Sombrero on, you're a cute mix of tradition and modern."
Carmine looked at Ángelita, then at me. "OK," she waved a hand at Ángelita ending with a gesture of pointing away. Then she looked at me, and added "I don't expect you to behave like a gentleman around..." she nodded at the excitedly cute naked green Alien girl sitting next to her "all of this. But I do expect you to be safe, and careful. They," she paused. "they get hurt easy."
Ángelita hugged Carmine, "You worry to much silly. Besides, remember when I scraped my knee? My nanites had me fixed up by morning."
Carmine tapped her ear and whispered "no Teacher, I mean emotionally." She looked at me and Ángelita then added, "you have my blessing, but Teacher does not approve, she..."
"Ay ay ay," Ángelita scowled. "Venus fucks a dozen New Earth guys every day, and Teacher just..."
"That's," Carmine glanced down. "Complicated. Teacher wants, well; Venus isn't," she paused.
I caught Ángelita's glance, noticing how cute her face was smiling up at me from under her hat as I stood in front of her. "I understand," I stated. Venus... well, she was just fucking people as an actress. You could even call it public relations for the Aliens. Ángelita, you could see it in her eyes, she wanted something more. I needed to decide if I wanted the same thing, and quick.
"What?" Ángelita looked between us. "Oh look; churros." and she impulsively bounced away to buy some sweet bread from a street vendor a few shops away in a move that seemed too convenient. Especially when Carmine's hand held me down by the wrist.
I understood Carmine at least, but this AI they called Teacher, that was beyond me. "I can't promise I will be a good boy," I looked to Carmine. "But I will be a gentleman."
"Ángelita;" Carmine sighed. "in the year I've had her, she has been a second daughter to me. But to Teacher, she is just," she tensed a fist then released it. "There are so few of them. Ángelita, Venus, To Teacher each has her purpose. You do realize, you won't be able to father a child with her?"
That was something far from any thoughts I had been having. But now I believe I understood the problem. "We're young," I offered. "It's early for such talk."
"Not to Teacher. Venus might play, but Ángelita and Maya, of all the Five they are the romantics," Carmine looked over to where Ángelita was talking to a nervously blushing churros vendor. Then she looked at me as she pulled out a tablet. "Teacher wants. Well, Teacher wants children."
I sidestepped that last remark. "Maya, the one on TV?" Thinking of the Alien girl who was beginning in a new Telenovela.
Carmine nodded. "Maya's pregnant." Then she handed me her tablet. I glanced and saw a picture of myself alongside a screen full of information. Where I lived, my age, where I grew up, that I had no criminal record, lists of relatives and friends, and it just kept going. "If you get up and walk away, that file will fade away in a few weeks time. But if you stay here until she returns, your life will change."
And there it was, the threat. Carmine was after all, with Alien Affairs. Ángelita had even told me Carmine had been her handler during First Contact. "She thinks I'm holding her back from fun, but I want her to have as much of a normal life as a green skinned naked young woman can possibly manage," Carmine stated. "But I won't win that struggle."
Years later this was the moment where I realized that if I had been a little older and a little more world weary, I would have walked away. But I was young and just assumed Carmine was being over-protective. So I waited for Ángelita to return.
"One for you, and one for you," Ángelita bounced on her toes and she handed Carmine and I cinnamon sprinkled churros. We excused ourselves from Carmine and left in a ride-share for a date at Chapultepec Park. I wondered when it was from a service I didn't recognize, until the driver, a middle aged woman; got out a folded up metal panel set and placed it over one of the seats for Ángelita. Even still the woman couldn't get enough of watching Ángelita nakedly bouncing around in the back.
"How do you wear the sombrero with your clothing problem?" I asked Ángelita during the ride. She had placed it in my lap as I sat across from her. The metal she was sitting on had me thinking of just how difficult life here must be for her.
"Silly, my hair. It only touches my hair," she giggled.
"I guess you need it for the sun," I fumbled around with the hat in my lap.
"Oh, we don't sunburn," she shrugged. "Nanite protection. I just like hats, it's nearly all I can wear." She wiggled her bare toes at me as a reminder that even shoes were beyond her.
As soon as we got out at the Park I was on it with my camera. Lots of good shots of her cute green butt walking away. "I haven't been back here since First Contact," she said. "It looks so much nicer when it's not full of soldiers, scientists, and barriers."
We spent the time talking about art, walking around Castillo de Chapultepec, and me getting as many pictures as I could of her posed in the castle grounds by statues, fountains, or curious onlookers. Ángelita absolutely loved to just bounce around on the grass, play around with clumps of dirt, and make silly poses for me. Poses that had an uncanny habit of featuring pouty kisses, bending over, bouncing her tits, or laying spread out on a bench. And giggling, constant giggling the whole time. I had to hold her sombrero for her several times as she just rolled around in stuff.
We did a lot of it with her translation AI off, so she managed to learn some simple words for posing here and there, and she made sure to learn as many anatomy and sex words as she could get me to repeat out there in public.
At the Museo de Arte Moderno Ángelita marched me around the works of famous Mexican painters, pointing out features in the use of light and shadow I had never seen before. I found her pulling a sketchpad out of her weird little metal plated bag and making quick renderings of several paintings. Meanwhile I caught several people making sketches of her nude form. Once again we would often talk about a work, then turn off the translation AI and try to repeat the conversation. She was desperate to learn how to speak about art with actual Spanish words.
She had this cute way of standing on her left foot, leaning forward and floating her right leg back for balance as she touched a pencil to her lip in thought. I managed to sneak a few photos of her like that with my phone camera with museum people more interested in her than I. Every few minutes she would touch herself rather intimately, much to the shock of those around us. But it did aid in distraction.
"I just love the work of Remedios Varo," she confessed. "Surrealists have a way with color and composition that speaks to me." I was more of a Diego Rivera man, but I had to concede that she had a point. "When Teacher had us in the Dream, before Planetfall; it all made sense. But the more I remember it now, it feels as if the first twenty years of my life was a surrealist painting."
"It was one long VR session right?" I asked, as we sat on a stone bench somewhere outside.
"You know how in dreams, the story can just stop, start, or jump scenes?" she asked. "I spent twenty years living like that. Teacher gave us the plot she wanted us to have. Or at least as much as she could."
"She's an AI though, couldn't she just give the whole life experience?" I had only begun to learn about Aliens, and the AI they called Teacher, after meeting Ángelita.
"Teacher isn't alive, yes she's an AI. True sentience isn't possible for a machine, only the Divine can provide that," Ángelita declared. It still amazed me just how religious the Aliens were. "The people of Old Earth made her more complex than any program New Earth has ever dreamed of, but in the end she is just a computer program."
Ángelita picked up a small pebble, showing it to me. "If each atom in the universe was a simple on or off piece of data, it would take more atoms than exist in the known universe just to fully describe this rock. So the Dream had gaps. But it was all I knew until I woke."
"Surrealism would terrify me if it reminded me of that," I said, glancing at her sketchpad. I was getting the impression that the silly flirty girl I had met could likely run intellectual circles around me.
"It's a story, completed only when observed. I find that," she shrugged with a grin. "Comforting." She cocked her head to an angle and looked at me. "Silly boy, too much thinking?" She scooted over to close the small gap between us and I put my hand down into her crotch and she leaned against me.
As I started to rub circles over her pubic mound she followed with, "there, much better." She snuggled herself into me and began to sketch the building we were sitting across from, conveniently covering her lap. "I don't talk about The Dream much with Carmine," she began smearing bits of charcoal onto her drawing. "It's easier to keep things simple."
"I'm pretty simple," I confessed. "Just a guy who likes to take pictures of beauty." I noticed a few people giving us unkind glances when they realized what my hand was up to in her crotch, but she paid them no mind. "You are anything but."
"Everything here is new, and fascinating." She sighed, grinding her hips to get her clit to rub against my palm. "But you're, something different."
"Only because I'm your first," I confessed. Immediately wondering how I could be so stupid as to plant that idea.
"Maybe," she paused and glanced around. "Oh, how about him, she nodded off to the left where some guy was walking by and checking out her tits. "Should I try him out for number two?" Then she giggled. "I know we've only barely met, but, you understand the way I see." she tapped her sketchpad. "We have a similar eye for things." She put her sketchpad aside and took my camera, scrolling through images until satisfied. She handed it back to me and added, "see?" Glancing between a photo I had taken of an old woman looking at a statue, and then at her sketchpad, I knew what she meant. We used light and shadow the same way in our compositions.
She reached over and patted my crotch, "I can get that anywhere, naked like this." she cupped her left breast with her other hand. "But it's rare to find connection in art, where it counts." She sighed. "Teacher doesn't like you."
"Oh?" I asked. I had an idea why. Carmine had more or less said it as well.
Instead of answering she got up and dragged me off into more of the park, bouncing her cute butt in front of me as she went. Without words, we ran around the botanical gardens. A naked girl with green skin can be quite a challenge in such a place, especially as I had her pink sombrero.
Eventually I lost sight of her. I wandered around in a daze taking photos of the plants. Some time later I felt the softness of breasts pushing against my back as feminine green arms wrapped around me to the sound of giggling. "Does this cactus have spikes?" I asked, only to find soft bites of her fangs on my shoulder.
Then she stepped back, I spun around to see her scratching herself in frustration. "Itchy," she said. "You feel like sandpaper. Lets," she looked into my eyes. "Lets go somewhere and help," she looked to my crotch. "help you with that."
Who was I to complain, though it was her who needed help.
"Your house?" I inquired, placing her sombrero back over her hair.
"Carmine is..." she shrugged, adjusting the hat to sit right.
"Carmine gave us her blessing," or so I guessed from the odd conversation before. "Or curse, I'm..."
"Not sure if there's a difference? That's Carmine." she grinned.
"Let me show you my flat," I suggested.
She clapped her hands in excitement, and we had our plan.
We caught a ride-share she called for; same odd service as before. "Teacher..." she started, during the ride. "Teacher wants us to, repopulate. She says I am, risking my purpose." She poked me in the chest and added, "you're my first boy. But, well. Teacher tried to send several before you. I refused to meet them all. All New Human, that is; Alien boys."
"I. See," I raised an eyebrow looking at her. Did she have a fetish for us 'Old Humans'? Was I just a kink for her to get out of her system? "You don't like, um, your kind? In that way?"
"Oh um... no no, not that," she confessed. "It's just..."
We were still in the car, so I put a finger to her lips. "Lets continue this later."
At my flat my roommates were out for at least a few more hours, so we had the place to ourselves. As soon as we crossed into the door I began petting her pussy. I knew what she needed, much as she said she wanted me, I needed to calm her first. I took her bag and sombrero and put them aside, on the floor of the living room with my camera. With two fingers in her moistness, I gently led her to the sofa in our living room, putting my other hand on her shoulder to guide her down.
I looked her in the eye as I removed my fingers and took her ankles, holding her spread wide open, "Now," I stated. "What were we talking about?" Then I dove in and licked her along her slit.
Her attempt to giggle turned into a gasp. "Um... Teacher. Oh! Yeah so," she rand a hand through my hair. "Oh yeah, Teacher's boys, um... fuck..."
I removed my tongue from her labia and declared, "not yet."
She growled at me, saying "Teacher just... those boys, she just sent them as studs. Breeding."
I paused, glancing up at her, but thought to continue. So to Teacher, she was more or less livestock.
As I lapped at the lemony citrus of her juices, she declared; "I'm a person." Her head rolled back on the sofa. "I know, oh... more of that," she gasped. "Not many of us, so we, oooo. Need to... fuck..." she sighed. "To breed that is," she managed. "But I... hmmmm. I. I, choose who to love."
So, was I her rebellion fling? But did she just say love? I went in for a kiss on the little bulb of her clit. That was probably not the best way to get her to come down from any ideas of romance. Then again it was the fourth day in a row I had spent with her, which is not a normal thing to do.
"No, no, no," she cried out and pushed me back. "I don't want to cum until you're inside me." She grasped at my belt and together we worked my clothes onto the floor. In moments I was in her as she laughed with excitement and pleasure.
"You," I looked into her amber colored almond eyes, as a slight blue blush colored her green cheeks. I chuckled back at her as she looked down to where we were joined.
"I," she gasped, then giggled, watching me pump into her as she sat spread on the sofa. "I can't help it, it's just so silly."
"Silly? But you are so beautiful in passion," I watched the little Os her mouth would make with each thrust, her eyes narrowing in sync to the moment.
"And you silly, are magnificent when you hold me, but it's still a funny, messy affair," she brought a hand down to rub against her clit. "I am still amazed that we are so alike, my people and yours." She laughed. "Venus was disappointed your people weren't horny tentacle monsters."
"So..." I chuckled. "That explains her career choice." I gave her a harder thrust, and then increased my pace.
"Probablemente, but," Ángelita gave a moaning gasp. "she was having fun, but she's quitting."
We lost the plot after that, as the pace of our fucking picked up. Once she pushed me onto the floor and started to ride me, I had more immediate concerns, like watching her breasts bounce above me in time to her actions.
When the moment had passed and it was time to relax, I gave her a tour of my place. She enjoyed seeing my room, where I had a few prints of my work on the walls. "My bed's a bit smaller than yours," I admitted.
With a grin she noted that it was just cozy enough to be the right size. We sat in the living room as I showed her an album with printouts of some of my work. "We really do have the same eye for what's important," she noted. She was sitting in front of my lap, leaning against my chest. Her legs were spread over my knees with the album in front of us.
"Was Venus because of Teacher?" I inquired.
"In a way," she sighed. "It's our duty to ensure our people survive. Teacher wants us each to have at least two offspring from different mates." She shrugged. "Venus had her fun, now she has her duty. Being a porn star is no career for a mother, even one of us. She's coming back to Mexico."
"Why would it be different for your people?" I raised an eyebrow in question wrapping my arms around her waist. I imagined that if Venus had not been an Alien, the government would never let someone with her career history return. But there was too much prestige in having all of the First Contact Aliens settle in the country.
"Our," she hesitated. "Our sex drive is insatiable. It's not so much that Venus being with half a dozen men a day is extreme, but that someone like me is. It's been very hard for me, not having a boy."
"But Teacher offered you boys?" I was still curious about that. "I still don't understand why I was your first."
"Silly Silverio," she turned her head back with a smile. "I wanted my first to be about love." She turned to face me, and I could see the eyes of someone holding back tears. "I will have to do my duty as well, in time. I wish..."
I put a finger to her lips. I feared she was about to say she wished it could be with me, something we both knew was impossible. Our species may look similar, but I had more biology in common with an ant than her. Whether this was fun or love, I didn't know; but it would be doomed either way. We just had to enjoy it while it lasted. Then I kissed her, and we hugged just enjoying the company.
That was when I realized that I had to concede to myself that even though I'd only met this crazy naked Alien girl four days ago, I was hooked on her. It wasn't just lust. That was a strong element for sure, as she was amazingly cute, naked, and always horny. But she was also just pleasing to be with, and as short as our conversations tended to be, we related to each other so well. I couldn't say she was the love of my life, but I did realize I was in love.
I woke some time later, not having been aware we'd fallen asleep there on the floor in front of the sofa. I was sitting with my back against it and she was sleepily leaned against me. What woke me was the door to my apartment opening.
There was a feminine gasp from the doorway, as my two roommates took in the scene, looking over Ángelita as she woke up and started to notice them. "Um... hola," she sleepily said with a smile as her body snuggled in against me.
"Ángelita," I began. "My roommates, Arturo and [Pepper]." I nodded to my roommates as Arturo shut the door. Pepper took a long look over Ángelita's body, then stared at Arturo with the strangest look as she started to bounce on her toes.
"[Pepper]?" Ángelita asked, looking at them.
"It means pimienta," Arturo said. "And hey Silverio, I see why you've been scarce lately. Wow,"
"I'm Canadian," Pepper waved at Ángelita. Then she looked back to Arturo. "Um..." Pepper stated to him; almost like she was pleading for some secret they had between them.
Arturo sighed and nodded, one hand making a waving motion as he put down a shopping bag from the other. "I guess it's kind of a moot point now," he stated with resignation.
Then Pepper squealed and did the strangest thing I had ever seen for her. In a flash she stripped out of her clothes and ran up to Ángelita. Pepper was mostly Anglo, but a quarter Salish; which was some Canadian Indigenous group. That gave her straight long flame red hair, a face full of freckles, and a tan almost mestizo skin tone. Ángelita and Pepper were almost identical in size and shape.
Arturo on the other hand was Mexicanos Negros, and wore his hair in shoulder length dreadlocks. He was an architect but his roots traced to people who had to flee then Mexican Texas when the gringos came in and re-enslaved the Black population.
I had been roommates with them for two years, even though I was single and they were a couple. In all that time, while Pepper did dress a bit more revealing than a Mexican woman would, I had never seen her in the nude. While I would go on to know Pepper for most of the rest of my life, that was almost the last I ever saw her in clothing.
"Oh my, you are just sooo cute," Pepper called out, petting Ángelita along her right leg and visually devouring her. She had come to a stop kneeling in front of us, inches away from Ángelita's spread legs.
"She's kind of a closet nudist," Arturo offered. "Been trying to convince me to let her go naked since they changed the law when the Aliens... um..." he looked at Ángelita. "New Humans, right? Since the laws changed after your people got here."
"He said I'd be in too much trouble, and that you'd be uncomfortable," Pepper said, sparing a micro second to stop looking at Ángelita and glance at me. "Who... who are you, and how did this happen?" She said, her eyes and hands locked back on Ángelita.
Pepper picked up the sombrero and put it on. "Oh that looks good on you," Ángelita stated with a smile.
"It's so cute, yours I assume," Pepper fidgeted with adjusting it.
Ángelita smiled, reaching out to caress Pepper's knees. "Hi," she said with a smile. "Canadian... that's the place north of the gringos right?"
"Um, yeah, I guess we're gringos too, sort of. but different. People say we're nicer but..." Pepper's petting was getting dangerously close to Ángelita's pussy.
"But she's too naughty to be nice," Arturo laughed out as he sat on the sofa behind me. The nudity didn't seem to be phasing him at all, and I started to wonder just what went on in the flat anytime I wasn't home.
"Can I...? Pepper started to say, but Ángelita grabbed Pepper's petting hand and moved it onto her pussy, answering the unasked question. Pepper took her now wet and sticky fingers back and smelled them. "Like lemons, wow." She licked her fingers and her eyes widened. I laughed as she said "and the taste, like an orange with a hint of lemon."
"He tastes like candy to me," Ángelita offered as I nearly fell over in shock. "So does Yoana, my... caretaker's daughter."
"But I still want to know, who are you, and how...?" Pepper said, sitting there casually stroking Ángelita's leg.
"Oh, well... I needed to fuck so we came here, since Silverio's my boyfriend," Ángelita casually said as if she was reading the instruction manual to a light switch.
And that... after I'd recovered from gagging on my own breadth and everyone had stopped laughing... That was how I met my naked Alien Girlfriend.
Silverio's Epilogue: Dating an Alien
El amor es una magia
Una simple fantasía
Es como un sueño
Y al fin lo encontré
In the months that followed I drifted apart from Jose and Miguel, they were too into the bachelor party life. Ángelita and Pepper became the best of friends. Two naked co-conspirators running around a city that was not prepared for naked women. The law may have changed but it would be several years before society caught up. It was only on a vacation in the Yucatan at a nudist resort for expats that they stopped getting 'that stare' but of course Ángelita being an alien always got another kind of stare. Being naked together they would often play a game of pretending to be wearing each other's not actually existing clothes, confusing people around them.
Their friendship became the reason that, half a year on when the Settlement happened, some twenty thousand of the one hundred thousand Aliens that came down settled in Vancouver Canada. Teacher had developed a nanite system generating magnetic fields to keep them sort of warm in the colder climate. It wasn't perfect, and it gave them glowing bands of color on their skin when activated, but it made life possible. Girls with it became known as 'glowgirls' and the system eventually even became popular among 'Old Humans' as well. A more temporary solution was also made with metal bracelets, anklets, collars, and optional belts, that was not only a fashion statement, but also part of a first response toolkit for hypothermia.
Settlement brought Mexico up to forty thousand Aliens, and another fifty thousand settled in warm peaceful low crime countries in Southern Europe, South America, and a few in Africa. Over the span of our lives, those places became the hotbeds of new technology as the Alien science was slowly adopted in. Places with ongoing issues of racial or ethnic conflict, nuclear power, poor work/life balance, or currently at war were avoided.
Ángelita and I dated for two years before we split apart on good terms. It was Pepper's wedding to Arturo, and Yoana's pregnancy that brought things to an end. My family had been pressuring me for some time to leave her so I could start a family, and those events just made it too painful to keep avoiding.
Teacher had started resorting to threats to get Ángelita to breed with a male of her species. So much so that the relationship between Alien Affairs and Teacher came under stress over the issue of consent. Carmine insisted Mexico and all Alien host countries respect their agreements to give the Aliens full human rights as Teacher had once demanded, even as Teacher demanded Ángelita be forced to breed against her will.
But seeing Yoana pregnant began to fill us both with a deep sadness. Eventually I forced the issue and broke things off, telling Ángelita that she had to find love in a way that she could also have a family. Ángelita kept my roommates in her circle. I moved back to my hometown in Oaxaca, cutting ties to hold the sadness at bay.
I was not, however, ready to follow my own advice.
Ángelita's Epilogue: Five Years After The Breakup, Seven Years Since They Met
After showing my latest works at the art market in Plaza de San Jacinto, I had picked up my daughter Ora from her Auntie Yoana's and we were stopped at a food market on the way home, not far from Carmine's home. Ora had her little stuffed octopus toy, a gift from Venus of course, and wore the new white and floral dress Yoana had given her.
Ora was always an inquisitive sort; getting away from me anytime I so much as looked away. I knew she was safe, even as a Chromatic with a different skin color every few hours, a three year old Alien child with bright violet hair stood out, and her nanites meant I always knew where she was and if she was OK. But I didn't know who she had found.
"Mamá, your painting!" she called out. I looked up and there he was; Silverio.
She was holding him by the pant leg as he fumbled with a tomato he had been trying to examine. He was looking at her with a very curious look, but when he turned to look at me, his smile spoke of endless regret. Ora handed him her Octopus plushy and said "don't be sad Mr. Painting." The nanites had given her an easier time with language than your typical three year old.
"Ángelita..." he practically gasped out my name. Ora's eyes grew large with surprise.
"Mamá don't cry," Ora called out. I dropped my shopping bag and stared at him, my eyes damp with sadness. I had not seen him since we broke up. I had tried dating a few times after, but never to any success. In the end I had compromised with Teacher, picking one male to mate with, who gave me Ora, if Teacher would let me love who I wished without complaint. Teacher had gone further, admitting she had a plan to bridge the gap between Alien and 'Old Human' DNA. To make the impossible possible. She would give it to me, once she had it, if I agreed to a second child after with another of my species.
But I had already lost Silverio, and until that moment in the market; Teacher's solution had been a Pyrrhic victory.
I lost all sense of self control and ran over and into Silverio, hugging him as I lightly punched him in the chest with both hands, then hugging him again and crying into his shoulder. "I... um... are you OK?" he asked me. His clothing itched against my skin to no end, but I was beyond caring.
"I am now," I confessed. "I've missed you." I looked at him in alarm. It had been so long. "But you, you must have moved on. What brings you to Mexico City? Are you married, do you have..."
"I tried," he said. "My mother insisted. I dated a few times, almost engaged to Yolanda, but the love wasn't there. I just moved back, to teach Photography." He looked down at Ora. "You have..."
"Her father," I said. "Was selected, by Teacher. He's a good man, an environmental scientist on the Climate Restoration Program. But we're strangers."
I took him by the hand and the three of us walked out to stand outside. "So..." he began, but I stepped up to kiss him and heard Ora giggle. Silverio gave her back the stuffed octopus toy.
"I tried as well," I confessed. "But in the end they were all just... physical. Nothing more than my species itch. I've missed you. My birthday's are just not the same without..."
He chuckled. "Ah yes, that... I remember Probe Day." It was a story for another time. "I've missed you so much mi amor. I just wish..." his eyes had that look of regret again. "I just wish we could be a family."
That was when my heart turned to joy. I looked up into his sad eyes. "Silly boy," I declared. "We can now."
Ora decided that if I was hugging him, she was going to as well. "But... we're different species Ángelita. It's not possible. It's pure luck you can even digest food on this planet."
I leaned back and punched his chest, but playfully this time. Ready to reveal my new secret. "I beat Teacher at her game," I declared. "With the Scientists at Alien Affairs, they can use nanites now to... I guess stitch my DNA into compatible molecules with yours. Our child would be a natural blend of us, but on a 'New Earth' DNA molecule. Like a new ethnicity of your species."
He looked at me in some confusion. "Is that even possible?"
"Silly, you have lots of them already. Genetically Modified Organism I think?" I didn't tell him it was still a secret within Carmine's group. But Teacher had already given me a solution of the nanites I needed for it.
"I..." he sighed. "Ángelita, even if it's not possible, if it doesn't work," he gripped my hand so tight it almost hurt. "I don't want to ever let you go again."
In that moment, we became a family. It only took Ora, who's name meant gold; a day to start calling Silverio papá.
It took a few failed attempts, but three months later I was pregnant with the first two half human, half alien children. Twins. Our daughter Zaneta, little apple, and our son Videl, life. With my nanites I always knew when I was ovulating, but Teacher's solution, that I had to take vaginally like a lubricant, didn't work the first or second time. The third attempt was on our wedding night.
Nine months later the governments of the world learned of the first hybrids the same day as the public. Zaneta and Videl would grow up in a world where their existence was banned on half the planet, and welcomed on the other half. But by the time they were adult, there were thousands more like them and acceptance had taken hold. Of my First Contact alien sisters, both Maya and Tashaiya had hybrid sons as their third children. Venus and Paloma both married and mated with other New Humans.
Honoring my agreement with Teacher, I had one more child with an Alien, this time the father was a good friend of ours, Jacinta's husband Lan. So my second son Toro, the bull; grew up knowing his Alien father much more than Ora did. Lan also had a daughter with an Alien woman arranged through Teacher, but they lived in Africa and he only knew her in the briefest sense.
And yes, Lan could fuck for days without stopping, but Silverio didn't mind as he was almost always buried in Jacinta, Pepper, or both anytime I was with Lan, Arturo, or both. Sometimes when only the adults were around, it got hard to tell who was with who. It wasn't that we set out to have an orgy commune. But once we had families, with Lan and I being endlessly horny Aliens we needed the support to keep adult spaces to the adults.
In time we just got one big house, designed by Arturo, to live together in and the idea of who was married to who became something only on paper. It was a decidedly un-Mexican arraignment, so we kept up appearances of being no more than close friends. Only my adopted sister Yoana and her husband knew the truth.
Yoana would always act scandalized, but pump me for hours on end for details when visiting as her fingers pumped me in other ways. And though I did fuck her husband Berto regularly as well, they were not into the orgies the rest of us preferred.
Silverio and I spent our lives together, and with four children plus the children of Pepper and Jacinta; the family grew to eventually have many grandchildren. Though by then our children were living on their own.
Once the children were grown and on their own, Jacinta joined Pepper and I in absolute nudity, though she had already been a nudist in private for years before hand. We all moved down to a town outside a Nudist club in the Yucatan. There Arturo built a new house, and even the guys rarely ever wore a stitch of clothing again.
By that time the nanites that kept Aliens youthful for most of our lives, and doubled our lifespan, were also available to the Old Humans. So we were a pack of six fifty something year olds in bodies that looked and felt like twenty year olds. We fucked with horny abandon to no end; even on the open streets of the local town. But society had also changed a lot by then so we were only a little scandalous.
It was in those years that our art, Silverio and I, finally began to take off. Collectors wanting mementos about Alien life and the Alien refugee story sparked the interest, and eventually we began to be featured in galleries of contemporary Mexican art. Never as top billing, but enough to keep us relevant. In a sense while the others paid the bills for the first half of our lives, Silverio and I funded our little commune's horny retirement.
One of my granddaughters, Zaneta's daughter Jacaranda; became the first person with Alien ancestry to enter the States almost a century after First Contact. But that is her story, for another time.