Author's note:
Some mostly off-screen violence in this part.
All characters over eighteen.
Part 6 of 6.
~~~~~~
CHAPTER 27
I'm squinting, hiding behind my palm as I rush down the steps to the lower level of the square.
The stairs swoosh like amphitheater seating around one whole corner of a city block. On the west side, a coffee shop hunches back into the steps, with its roof at street level. A flag pole shoots above the shop, with two triangular pennants, one tied several feet higher than the other. The bottom flag sports the logo of the coffee shop, while the top one flies a black bird over a blue background. The flags ripple and snap above several people standing at an exterior counter, next to a railing over a waterfall pouring into a rectangular pool. A mass of lunch-time travelers crisscrosses wet red bricks, keeping a wide distance around a group of protestors huddled together in the middle of the plaza.
A familiar pale man in a stars-and-stripes t-shirt stands on a stool, shouting distorted decrees into a red, white, and blue megaphone. His long brown dreadlocks shake and wobble across his slender back, as he points the bullhorn back and forth. Several dozen people surround him, and answer with a call and response rhythm. The man shouts. The crowd hollers. The man shouts something else. The crowd answers that. I can't really understand what he's saying, and I try to ignore him. I'm looking for my dad, who is likely dressed for work, meaning some kind of business casual, but all are see greys and blacks of the Northwest Uniform, save for bits of yellow and camo on a few protesters.
I hug the south side of the plaza, keeping away from the noise, and when I get around the crowd, an arc of police officers blocks my path. More cops than I can count on both my hands, all of them topped with helmets, face shields, batons. Each wears a vest adorned with additional tools of the trade, plus their belts sport the usual handgun, cuffs, pepper spray, and more items I can't make out.
The cops watch over the protest from the north east corner of the square. Batons wiggle, and shake in their hands, as they stand around, waiting. I cross the red bricks, keeping my distance from the crowd, while trying not to look suspicious. When I get past the protestors, a horn sounds behind me, and I jump. I turn to see the man on the stool holding the megaphone over his head. He then resumes his amplified mantra into the air. I watch his performance for a moment, and glance over at the cops, but then something red catches my eye on the other side of the crowd. A woman in a business suit stands with her back to me, facing the reflecting pool. She focuses her attention on what she cradles in her hand.
My phone buzzes in my pocket.
"By the waterfall."-- Dad
But that's not my dad. I don't know if he's showing up or not, so I start the audio recording app, and wonder how long seven percent will last. The phone tends to shut off abruptly when it's that low. I pocket my phone, and watch the red curls as I backtrack over the bricks, which are a more muted version of her hair color. I keep the protest as far to my side as I can.
When I get back to the steps, I look up to find another group of police in full face shield gear marching straight down at me. One of them hunches lower than the others, shouting commands at his comrades. His gut bulges out under the vest gripping his chest, and three stripes arc over the side of his arm he's using to gesture at the protest. Each of the officers slides a baton off their belt, and holds it in hand. I pivot to the right, and make a straight line toward the waterfall.
It's always red with her, and always a little too red. Shades not found in nature. Bushy curls flow down to her shoulders, atop the pads of a gunmetal grey pinstripe suit jacket. A matching tight pencil skirt runs to her knees, over shiny pointed black heels that put her at eye level with me. When I'm several paces away, she turns and looks up, then drops the phone into a black leather purse strung over her shoulder. Her skin glows an immaculate amber.
"Nice hair, Alex," says the Red Haired Lady.
I can't tell if she's serious, or she's mocking me. Her voice stretches over the noisy crowd behind me, and I realize I've stopped some distance away. I close the distance until a couple steps separate us.
"Why do you have my dad's phone?"
"That's what we need to-- What's on your face? Jesus. Let's get out of this mess." Donna holds out her hand, offering for me to lead the way to the hole-in-the-wall Japanese restaurant next to the coffee shop. I'd never noticed it there before.
"Is this safe, with all that?" I gesture at the mob behind me.
"It'll have to be. I'm out of time." Donna continues pointing at the restaurant.
When we reach the entryway, a siren blasts from the middle of the plaza, and Donna jumps, as she reaches for the metal door handle. More shouting bellows from the fat voice I know to have three stripes on his shoulder. Donna regains her composure and we're greeted by a woman holding menus.
"Sorry about the noise," says the hostess. She leads us to a table for two, which might have once offered a view of the crowd, but painted green and white letters in reverse coat the window with the restaurant's name, advertising to the square outside. "They've been at it all morning. Can I get you something else to drink?" She sets down a glass of water in front of each of us.
"I'm fine." Donna lifts her glass and takes a big pull.
"I'm good," I say.
"Okay, well here you go." The hostess sets down a tray with a slip of paper listing sushi items to mark, and hands each of us a menu, then leaves us alone.
I check my phone. Four percent battery, but it's still recording. Shouts and a bang bleed through the painted window to my side.
"Phone away," says Donna. She unfolds a piece of handwritten paper, and crosses something off a list. "This is crucial."
"I'm just checking my face." I turn on the front camera and discover a golden brown smear across my lips and cheek. I'd worn that all the way to work and back. I pull a napkin out of the dispenser, and give my face a forceful wipe, then I pocket my phone.
Donna rolls her eyes. "Get whatever you want." She lifts a plastic saucer off the stack by the napkins. "I don't suppose you have any money right now, do you?"
"No."
"That was your father's little addition. He did that on his own, and didn't set it up correctly. Charity work is tax free, as long as you don't get caught. I think that was the limit of his analysis. It would have been safer to just keep things in the existing channel I had. Now you have no bank account. And the police are all over you. We can fix that, but you need to do something for me."
"I need to?"
"Yes." Donna splits her wooden chopsticks, and scrapes one down the side of the other, carving away tiny splinters. She pushes the sushi slip across the table to me, with the accompanying pen. She's marked out a couple rolls.
"Where's my dad?" I tick the salmon nigari box, though I'm not hungry.
"He's been picked up and is currently awaiting a hearing. He was arrested Friday, withher." Donna's voice curls over the last word.
"Friday," I say. "Jessica was supposed to meet you for lunch."
"Yes, plans change once the cuffs start going on."
"Why do you have Dad's phone, and--"
The Red Haired Lady holds up her palm, and I stop.
"Your father's careless ambitions have me working overtime. To answer your question, I had his phone at the time he was picked up."
"Why?"
"I suspected something might happen, and I needed to do some cleaning. We normally talk by a secure channel, at my insistence, but that line is only as safe as each end is. It was only dumb luck that he was picked up while I had his phone, though even if I hadn't chosen then to do my house cleaning, it's equally likely he'd have forgotten it at home."
"What are you cleaning?"
"His mess."
"So are you here today to bail him out, or what?"
"Yes, though I would have been here anyway." Donna takes a sip of water. "My company was acquired by another staffing firm a while back, and I've been helping synergize the merge. I'm here a couple times a week. You got to go for a little ride yesterday, correct?"
"Yeah, cops wanted to know about my job and the checks from my dad."
"And what did you tell them?"
"Not much, just that I get those checks once a month, and it's for school."
"Good."
The waitress returns, and takes the sushi menu from the Red Haired Lady's hand, then vanishes again into the kitchen. Behind the painted window, out in the plaza, the protestors are shouting.
"There's a man you work with, who I don't believe you've met."
"Todd."
"That's the one."
"Who is he?"
"He, uh." Donna smirks and turns her head to the side. "He's a young man who lives in Miami. Or at least he used to. He has excellent credit, though he's likely oblivious to that fact."
"He doesn't live here?"
"Hedoesn't actually matter. He's been let go from his contract. What matters is that you tell the police you saw him at work, and that he quit and moved. You don't need to give any details, just drop it in somewhere."
"You want me to lie to the cops about some guy I've never met just to help you?"
Donna sighs. She spoons a bit of green wasabi paste into the soy sauce in the dish, and stirs it with her chopsticks. "This Oregon expansion is causing problems, in large part due to your father's laziness in hiring you, and the aforementioned greedy desire for a charitable tax cut."
"What do I have to do with Todd?"
"Todd was supposed to go completely under the radar, which he probably would have, except your father put in for his start date to be the same day as yours, and some of the associated paperwork had your boss as his superior. I think he just made a copy of yours. A type of internal audit triggered, and people started digging. They pulled a bunch of information over the weekend. I don't know all the details, but if he'd followed the way we did it in Seattle, things would likely be fine. We had them set up to be each other's superiors. Your father, andher. That was my idea." Donna winces. "Without the audit, and the side project, we would have gone unnoticed here too."
"You could have just texted me this."
"I'm trying not to leave a paper trail, as you might imagine." Donna's hard brown glare burns into me. "They haven't traced it back to me yet. I'm not sure they've connected all the dots. But they will."
I ask, "Why would I help you?"
"This is in your best interest. We can get your bank stuff sorted, and your work, and school, and everything else. You'll be okay."
"I can do all that on my own."
"I doubt that. The money is not going to be a thing until this is straightened out. And with your father getting caught, it might take a while for me to fix it."
"What if I don't want any part of this?"
"You have a way to pay for school? Your job doesn't come close to covering that."
"I'll figure it out. I'll get loans."
"You'll have those things forever."
"Okay, then I'll pay them off forever."
Outside the restaurant, a bullhorn screeches, then a voice barks garbled orders over a loudspeaker. Sirens wail in the distance.
Donna sighs. "I didn't want to have to do this, but think of your sister too."
"What's that supposed to mean? And what was with all those questions you were asking her yesterday? You weren't all 'no phones' secret about that stuff."
"I was... fishing. All that information is already compromised. Your sister's school is in jeopardy too."
"She knows. We've talked about it."
"Yes," says the Red Haired Lady, with a hint of a smile. "I imagine you have."
My stepmother reaches into her purse and retrieves a dark blue business card. Crimson nail polish slides the card across the table, with the raised embossed text facing me. In front of three horizontal black bars, a bird ducks in silhouette. Donna's name is etched across the card below the lowest bar, with the title, "Vice President of Recruiting."
Cadbury Mini Eggs, Sixlets, Sugar Daddies.
The waitress returns with two arcs of sliced rolls for my stepmother, and four pieces of salmon draped over white rice for me. Donna watches the waitress refill her water glass, and I slide my phone part way out of my pocket as subtly as I can manage. Two percent battery. I push it back in.
"The company we merged with here in Portland," says Donna, "is across the street from your university." She pinches a slice of one roll with chopsticks, and dips it into the soy sauce cocktail. "It's actually right by the anthropology department."
Tootsie Rolls, Blow Pops, Chocolate Bunnies.
"Over the past few months, I've been doing quite a bit of work in that facility." She bites the dripping disk between her chopsticks, and chews.
"What does--"
Donna holds up her hand. She swallows. "The office is on the second floor of the building, over a mattress shop and a cell phone store." The Red Haired Lady dips a second slice of the roll. "I've spent a number of mornings there. It's got a nice view out over the street, and the school. And the transit stop is right below, across from our new sign."
Pixy Stix, Jordan Almonds, Kinder Eggs.
Donna holds the dripping slice of sushi in front of her, while keeping me locked in her stare. Shouting comes from outside the window, but I can't see anything through the painted sign. Something strikes the ground nearby, and the table vibrates under my arm.
"I'm almost impressed. In public, like that."
For the first time since we sat down, I hope my phone is dead.
Donna eats the bite of sushi, and wistfully turns her head to the painted window, as though she were admiring a landscape. "Do you know how I found out about them?"
I picture her behind the glass wall of the building by the bus stop, red hair glaring down on a sacred moment.
"This shit." Donna springs my dad's phone from her purse, and waves it back and forth. She grips it so hard the bronze tan of her knuckles fades to white. "Your father. Is. Not. Careful. And neither are his children, it would seem. I actually called him when I found out. Or that night, rather. I'd stumbled upon their text conversation in his phone that morning before he left." Donna winces, then grinds another piece of sushi between her teeth. "He was down here on one of his 'business trips'." She laughs as she chews. "It was a Friday night, and they were out on some sort of date at a park. I'm still surprised he had the balls to cheat on me. And then he answered my call, like everything was fine."
"Didn't he cheat on my mother with you?"
The Red Haired woman studies me. "I seem to recall you had a girlfriend before this preternatural adventure of yours. What was her name?"
"Rachel. We broke up."
One of Donna's thin eyebrows floats higher. "Was she not exciting enough? Clearly Jessica shares your taste for exhibitionism." She takes a tall drink of her water. "You're not going to deny it?"
"I don't see the point."
"Hah." Donna roars back, and her lips carve a smile of pristine ivory. "You own it, I'll give you that. Now I see why she likes you. Though, if that's what you two do in public, I shudder to think what your domestic escapades entail."
Sirens pierce my ears from right outside the restaurant.
I look at my dad's phone, held tight in Donna's fist. "What are you going to do with that?"
"It depends. You can help me, and go back to whatever sort of life you're living. Go hang out with Rachel, or--" She stops herself. "Whoever."
"Or?" I say.
"Or, a court reporter transcribes all the sordid details of your life." The Red Haired Lady rests her chopsticks across the tray in front of her. "What do you want to do?"
"You didn't answer my question."
"Oh, the phone?" Donna shrugs. "It's got a lot of details of our Seattle work on it, so it's got to go. Originally, I was going to try to clean it out, but that was before your father got arrested. So I'll probably back over it and toss the pieces in the Willamette River."
Hot Tamales, Milk Duds, Cadbury Creme Eggs...
Jessica was biting down on a Creme Egg when I tried to yank the Easter basket out of her hand. The egg filling spurted out and ran over her lips down her chin, but she gripped the basket tight. I wanted to taste the Creme Egg, along with the rest of the candy she had. So I licked some of the sweet sticky filling off her cheek. When I pulled my face back, the basket came free of her hand. She screamed at me, but Mom made her clean her hands before she ran after me into the garden. Now I make other things drip down my sister's chin.
I snap myself away from the phone in Donna's hand, and ease back into her stare. "You'd really talk about Jessica and me like that to cover this up?"
"I'll describe what I've seen," says my stepmother, "And I've seen a lot more than I wish I had. I'm trying to fix this for you, for all of us. I prefer solutions to extortion, but I'll do what I have to."
"So, I say I've seen this Todd guy around, and then what? You forget all about Jessica and me? How's this work?"
"More or less, yes." Donna gestures with my dad's phone while she speaks. She nods while chewing a bite of sushi, and her red curls bounce up and down.
If I had that phone, I'd have some bargaining power. I briefly entertain the idea of wresting it away from her, and running outside to the police dealing with the protest. But that seems like a good way to get tazed. I can see the headline. "Disheveled teenager robs woman in sushi bar, charges at peace officers."
I watch her bouncing hair above the pads in her jacket shoulders, then there's a loud bang from out in the plaza. More beeping from the megaphone, and a new call I haven't heard before. Shouting from the crowd follows.
I'm trying to unpack the levels of publicity about my sister and me, but everything is far too recent to have any perspective. Jane knows. The Red Haired Lady knows. The rest of the world might know soon, sworn under oath in formal courtroom proceedings. I'd all but taunted the city with my display at the MAX station.
"Can I get you anything else?" The waitress reappears. She begins refilling Donna's glass of water, but before the water reaches the top, a screeching siren pours in from the plaza. The waitress jumps, and jerks the water pitcher away, pouring a long stream of ice water down my stepmother's jacket, and onto her skirt.
Donna screams, and drops everything she's holding. The chopsticks disappear somewhere under her chair, and the phone rattles to a stop on top of the table between us. Before I give myself a chance to decide what to do, I swipe up my Dad's phone, and hold it tight to my chest. Donna mops up the water with napkin after napkin, and the waitress scurries away to get a towel.
My stepmother makes a pile of wet napkins, then the waitress returns with a white dish towel, and begins apologizing profusely. Donna pushes the woman away, saying she's fine. Eventually the waitress backs off, and leaves the Red Haired Lady to regain her composure.
Donna looks at me.
Then at my hand against my chest. The wheels begin to turn.
"Alex, can I have that, please?"
I breathe deep, and push my untouched fish into the middle of the table. I grab the business card, and stand up, sliding back my chair.
I take out my phone and it's dead.
"Alex." The brown wheels jerk back and forth. "Please give me that. What are you doing with your phone?"
"Iwasrecording us, but it's dead now."
All the color drains from my stepmother's tanned face, and may as well have taken some of the red out of her hair.
The painted window next to us cracks with a thud, like someone kicked a dinner plate against a heavy bag at the gym. A sliver of glass as long as my chopsticks flies onto the table, splattering my stepmother's soy sauce broth all over the table. Donna stands, and holds her hands up by her shoulders, as if to keep them out of the mess. She looks at the window, then back at me.
The window cracks again, caving in with a bowling-ball-sized hole at the top. The pane of glass leans over the table, bulging where it was hit, but the sides and bottom of the frame hold it in place. Long brown dreadlocks spill into our booth, dripping dark red onto the mud spatter of wasabi paste on shards of green and white glass. From out in the plaza, a woman's shriek corkscrews its way into the restaurant. The hair slowly retracts out the cratered hole, leaving only wet red on top of painted glass. A fog lingers where the hair had been.
My face is on fire.
I can't breathe.
My chair topples over behind me, as I stumble away from our table. Screams and crashing from back in the kitchen. Pots and pans clang into something. Plates or glasses shattering, I can't tell which. Behind me, the unmistakable sound of somebody's lunch coming back out of them.
The fog makes a slow but steady ride into the restaurant. The purified essence of a thousand hot peppers floods into my eyes, and they squeeze themselves shut on my face. Each breath is a sauna of battery acid.
Still gripping both phones, my hands trace the edge of the table, and I try to work my way back to the front door. I reach the next table, and my foot scuffs against a towel on the ground. Donna is coughing somewhere to my side, then my own breath is too loud, and I can't tell where she went. I try to open my eyes, but they insist on staying shut. I can get one of them a part of the way open, enough to see the silver bar of the glass front door. Behind lies an opaque grey wall.
Somebody bumps into me from behind. "Move it!" The man coughs, and gasps for air.
I reach the entrance, and lean my back into the door, then I'm outside, lost in an ocean of smoke.
Shouting. A beep from a bullhorn. A familiar voice is barking orders, but it's muffled.
I don't know which way to go, so I just start hobbling away from the restaurant door, phones still in my hands. Breathing, but not really breathing. Eyes forced shut, but for an oozing sliver on one side. Something whirls across my path in the fog. Then dark streaks follow. I stop to let them by, then continue on, but my lungs are exploding, and my heart pounds in my ears, louder than the shouting and commotion obscured by the fog.
There's no end to the smoke, and I break into a run. I can't tell if I'm out of breath or it's just the smoke, but I'm still on my feet, so I just keep running.
Then I bounce off a squishy round wall.
My hip takes most of the impact, as I fall on my back on the ground. The fog above me clears, behind a thick figure wearing a gas mask. Three stripes arc over the right side of the man's sleeve, and he shouts something into a radio he holds in one hand. He brandishes a black baton, and looks down at me, as I gasp for air, sitting on the cold, wet bricks of the square.
~~~~~~
CHAPTER 28
I push the metal door open into the freedom of the October night. Two police stations in two days, but at least I'm not across town this time.
I don't know what I'm going to do. No phone, no money, and my bank account is frozen. The most powerful déjà vu overtakes me, as I round the corner to front of the building.
She's standing there.
Jessica leans against the wall, a few paces away from the front door. Her hair twirls up in a bun with a stick through it, and an oversized purse sits beside her, in a squished tilt against the side of the building. The zipper of her black fleece jacket dangles under her nose, and her cheeks burn bright red. A yellow floodlight buzzes from two stories over her head.
"I got your text," I say. "You mean it?"
Jessica breathes out fog, and turns to me. "Yes, I do."
"What are you doing here?"
"Waiting for you."
"By yourself? Where's Mom?"
"I think she's with Phil. They were here earlier. She wanted me to go with them, but I didn't."
"Why not?" I stop a pace away from her.
"Because." Jessica pulls herself off the wall, and steps up to me. We're inches apart.
"So they just left you here?" I touch her hips with both my hands, as the fog of my breath mingles with hers.
"I was very firm in the matter. Are you okay?"
"Yeah. Red Haired Lady got arrested. I sort of did it to her. Well, no, she did it to herself. I just told the fat Sergeant who thought I was part of the protest about it."
"What happened?"
"Riots, tear gas. I'm surprised my clothes don't burn our--"
"No," says Jessica, "what happened with Dad?"
"He wasn't there. It was Donna, and she had his phone. Dad's been in jail since Friday. Him and Kirsten both."
"What did the Red Haired Lady want from you?"
"To vouch for her cover story for Todd." I move my hands up and rub the sides of my sister's shoulders. She leans against me and lets me rub. "I declined."
"So where do we stand? Are you in trouble too?" Jessica scrunches up her nose, and the zipper underneath dances back and forth.
"They didn't charge me with rioting, or anything else. The fat Sergeant turned me over to this detective, once they found out who I was. Dad, Donna, and Kirsten are in some deep shit. I may have to testify in the future. They say you'll probably have a deposition too."
"So we're okay?"
"Well, sort of," I say. "The Red Haired Lady knows. About us." I hand my sister a wasabi-soaked business card with a picture of a bird.
Jessica pulls herself off my chest. She studies the card. "Did you record her?"
"I did, but my phone was almost dead, and I'm not sure what it got. The cops wouldn't say what was on it. I think they were trying to play me to reveal more, but I didn't have anything else to tell them."
"Did it have stuff about us, you and me, though? Did you talk to her about us?"
"Yeah, but I don't know if it was still running. Even if it wasn't, apparently she's already started talking. I sat in a room for most of the day again, and at one point the detective who was looking after me came in laughing. He refused to say anything about Donna, other than they found her gasping for air on the floor of the restaurant where I met her, soaked in soy sauce, and covered in bits of glass. She tried, in his words, 'a ridiculous fairy tale' to discredit me."
Jessica smiles. "They don't believe her. They think she's desperate." My sister reaches behind me, and five sharp talons pull me against her chest.
"How'd it go with your phone?" I ask.
Jessica shrugs. "I turned it in about ten seconds after I texted you. I'm worried about the stuff Donna and I talked about."
"Cops said they pull texts from the phone company too, so they'd have those even without your phone."
"Except for the blue dot ones," says Jessica.
"Except for those. I don't think there's anything there to hurt us. And if I'm right, we haven't done anything wrong. And we're in the clear."
Then I do something wrong.
I kiss my sister, and push her against the coarse grey side of the police station, hitting the wall harder than I'd intended. I squeeze her breast through her fleece jacket, and Jessica's moan comes out into my mouth. Streaks of white hot light etch across my shoulder, and she curls her hand around my neck, as I hold her in place. We're wrapped in a cloud of fog, and I'm not sure if it's hers or mine.
A woman shouts, "Hey."
The voice says, "You can't do that here."
I break from Jessica's lips and turn to discover a uniformed officer, and her partner, a man wielding the harness of a large German Shepherd. All of them stand motionless at the corner of the building, and neither humans, nor canine look amused.
"Sorry," says Jessica. "We just got good news."
"Find somewhere else to celebrate."
The officers watch, as I take my hand off my sister's chest, and step back from her. The cop with the K-9 turns and walks down the ramp away from us along the side of the building. Then the woman adjusts her hat and follows the six legs ahead of her.
"Alex," says Jessica, "the policewoman says you're not allowed to kiss your sister against the wall of the cop shop."
"Yeah, I heard. I'm going to have to find somewhere else."
"I have an idea. But you need to be feeling adventurous."
"Always."
"I took some wine from the house." Jessica looks at the bag on the ground. "There's a couple bottles in there."
"You're standing out here with--"
"I'm not done." My sister looks up at me. "I have your money still, plus Mom gave me a bunch of cash and a card when she left. I don't think she knew what else to do, when I insisted on waiting here." Jessica points at a building looming over us from several blocks away. "That hotel."
I take my sister's hand and we weave our fingers together. Jessica lifts the bag off the ground, and then we're skipping down the to the street, bottles clanging to our steps.
As we cross the first intersection, I ask her, "Do you need a hand with that?"
"No, I'm good."
Several crosswalks later and we breeze through a silver revolving door onto a black and gold marble floor, beneath a bright vaulted ceiling. Two men in burgundy jackets cross in front of us towing luggage. A line of people half a dozen deep waits in front of a shoulder height desk helmed by another man in a burgundy jacket. My sister and I stop just inside the spinning door.
"Excuse me," says a voice behind us. I turn and a woman with the same uniform as the rest of the employees weaves around us. She carries a bag over her shoulder, with her wrist up under the strap. Yellow smoke inks over the back of her hand.
My sister looks at me, then leads us to the check in line. A man and a woman dressed like airline pilots leave the desk up front, and the line shuffles forward. After that, a man in a grey pinstripe suit fills in behind us.
"What's the plan, Sis?"
"I want to--" Jessica stops, and cocks her head away from me. Her nose scrunches up, and she squeezes my hand tighter. "You've never called me that."
"Should I not?"
The wheels in the green spin around.
"You can." She smiles. "But only here."
"In a hotel?"
"For now, yes." She turns to face the front of the line. "We get to the front and check in. Then we can be whoever we want."
A woman with long platinum blonde hair stares at her phone, as she joins the back of the line. The neck of her white blouse cuts halfway down her chest, and her pencil skirt hugs her hips tighter than anything my sister would wear. At the front of the line, a woman in a creased green pantsuit departs, and we move forward.
"Anyone we want?"
Jessica holds her focus straight ahead. She's trying to keep her composure, but she's trembling against me.
A man in a dark suit stands his luggage up behind the woman in the tight skirt. He slides off his jacket and pulls it over his shoulder, smothering wrinkles in a baby blue dress shirt. He stares at the woman's skirt.
"When do we start?" I ask.
"At the desk up there." My sister sucks in a breath and her grip on me steadies. "You'll know when."
~~~~~~
CHAPTER 29
I cinch the cushy belt and swipe up our shoes from in front of the bathroom. Behind the door, a fan hums.
The Dragon Lady pushes a chrome cart past the giant beds, each with a neat pile of blankets folded on top. She lets go of the cart and releases the stop on the front door. It swings shut, and she pushes the cart the rest of the way to the dining table by the window.
"We don't have any actual Pop-Tarts," says the woman, taking a plate off the cart. The sleeve of her blazer pulls back when she sets the dish on the table, and the Emerald Dragon on her wrist bids me good morning.
I sit in front of the surrogate pastry, and my head swells when I meet the chair, but the feeling passes. Before me, crumbs of brown sugar and frosting drizzle over a red jelly oozing from diagonal slits in the rectangular dough. It's not a Pop-Tart, but it will do.
The Dragon Lady offers silverware, and I accept. Smoke billows around other items on the table. Some juice, slices of cantaloupe, a bowl of cereal, and two tall straight glasses filled with a dark blue swirl.
The hum from the bathroom grows louder.
I cut a corner off the pastry, and shovel it into my mouth. Smoke and green arranging items on the table, but I'm focused on the blend of frosting and jelly.
Thuds approach, and a white shadow breezes past me.
She whispers three words to me.
I whisper back, but I hope the Dragon hears.
My sister looms over the feast and leans against me. Her arm stretches around my back and grips my shoulder. I set down my fork, and push my chair back from the table.
She steps over my feet, and sits in my lap. Her robe over my robe, over me. I hold the side of her plush white gown to keep her in place atop my legs. Her hair twists into a bun on top of her head, and I'm breathing past the side of her arm.
The Dragon Lady arranges silverware and napkins to accommodate us sitting together. Jessica reaches and pulls a bowl of frosted shredded wheat in front of herself.
"Is your neck okay?" I ask my sister. My voice is barely a whisper.
"Fine." She whispers back. "My head hurts a little, but that's the wine."
I look up to catch the woman quickly turning her attention away. Then she's right back to us, and pushing the two glasses of thick blue liquid closer to my plate. "These'll help."
My sister tilts back the blue offering. A strand of hair not secured within her bun tickles my face. She works the thick smoothie around in her mouth and swallows. "That's really good. Did you order this?" She squeezes my shoulder.
"Our friend recommended it." I hold out my hand to offer credit to the Dragon, who is finishing up loading items on the cart.
My sister takes another drink of blue and sets the glass down.
"Can I ask you a question?" The girl in my lap is not talking to me.
"Sure."
"Could we really pull off married?"
"Oh." The woman in burgundy pauses, and looks at us, seated together in a pile of white hotel robes. "Well, you had me fooled."
"I just wonder if we seem normal."
The Dragon Lady pushes the cart toward the front door, then returns and stands across the table from us.
"I'm not sure what you want me to say. You seem fine to me, but I don't know you."
"We're not supposed to be together." Jessica takes another sip of blue. "People wouldn't approve."
The woman laughs. "Okay, I play relationship counselor more than I ought to. Friends? What's the issue?"
"Family," says my sister. "And friends too." She shrugs against me.
"No offense, but you two are young. Friends you can work out in a lot of ways. Family is harder. Is it just one side?" She points a finger back and forth between us.
"It's both. It's all of them."
"Ouch. That's rough."
I carve off another slice of brown sugar and frosting.
"All I can tell you," says the woman, "is what I see."
"And what do you see?" asks my pushy sister.
"Well, you two haven't stopped touching since you got here. And you make the same face when you look at each other. You have the same eyes. I don't suppose your disapproving friends or family tell you that.
She turns to leave, and I swallow the pastry without chewing all the way.
"That's yours." I point to a folded twenty-dollar bill on the table by the bed, and I swallow again. "For the marriage counseling."
"If I may," says the Dragon Lady, "I want someone who looks at me the way he looks at you."
"I hope you find someone." Jessica lifts her smoothie and drains the rest of the blue in one gulp, then clangs the glass down on the table. She traces her fingers up my neck, and onto my scalp, pulling my hair tight.
"But you can't have this one," says my sister.
Two wet lips stick to my cheek, then peel away.
"He's mine."
~~~~~~
EPILOGUE
My drink is gone.
Phil poured it, and I took one sip. Then Mom said something, and I turned around and the champagne flute had vanished.
Fucking hell.
I'd stomp down the to the living room to look for my glass, but I'm not putting the floor or my feet through that. Phil said the new hardwood is three quarter inch red oak. He's the radiologist who married my mom this morning. They said their vows right next to her new birdbath.
I storm into the kitchen. "Have you seen my drink?"
"No." Mom pushes one of our new cherry cabinets shut with one hand, while she holds a champagne flute with the other. She stands in front of the sink, draped head to toe in a sleeveless white dress, her light blonde hair coifed up in its usual tidy state.
"I'm opening another bottle." I pull open the fridge door.
"Jessica." My mother stares at me. "Let's finish what's already open, before we start on another. Phil just took one outside. We need to get everything set up. Can you get that going?"
I groan, and shut the fridge. "Sure, where am I going?"
"In my trunk."
I snatch the keys dangling from Mom's upturned finger, and stuff them in the pocket of my dress. Yes, dresses have pockets now. A thick wave of heat rushes into my face when I open the door to the porch.
For the record, I'm writing this for school. My internship program asks us to talk about a day that matters to us, and for me that's today. Some of this doesn't fit with the propriety of school or clinics, but I can trim that. I told my brother about this project, and he confessed that he's already written something similar. I had no idea. Alex says he'll let me read it, if I show him this story.
Phil and my aunt Lorna sit at a table at the end of the driveway, under the shade of a fir tree next to the mailbox. They're collecting the wedding gifts people drop off. We should just be using the kitchen table, but for some reason my mother has us spread out over the whole yard. It's still early, and there hasn't been much traffic yet.
Before I can start down the steps, Kevin's black car tears into the driveway. He pulls in at an angle, and parks me in. He parks everyone in.
"Where your boys at?" asks Kevin, as he and Jane exit the car. His brass belt buckle squeezes a pink shirt into some white pants.
"I'm not sure," I say. "Maybe out back."
Kevin disappears around the side of the house, and Jane climbs the porch steps in front of me. Her creased black slacks bend and crimp with each of her steps, revealing the glossy white toes of high heel pumps I've never seen before. She has a frilly white blouse, like a toned down version of a pirate shirt, and her hair spreads into its usual incorrigible dark hive.
Jane pulls me close, and kisses my cheek, pushing my face into her hair. "You look great," she says. "This new?" She rubs the fabric of my dress back and forth between her thumb and two fingers.
"Yes, actually. And I love your shoes." I'd been looking for an excuse to wear this dress. Black, sleeveless, hem above the knees. Pinches my waist tight, then it's loose above and below. Hangs around my neck, and exposes my whole back. Plus pockets. The neckline cuts low in the front, but it's a wedding, so fuck it.
For the record, I'm wearing this dress today to torture Alex, and I've already put it to the test...
My brother and I were walking our new German Shepherd puppies through the park this morning. We were already dressed for the wedding, but had some time to kill. I had Jasper's leash, and my brother had Will's, when these two girls came from the other direction. One of them greets the dogs, but the other girl in this pink sundress like my yellow one starts hitting on Alex. They're talking about Egypt, and she pulls up her dress past her waist to show off some bullshit tattoo of a guy with a falcon head or something. The ink runs from her upper thigh to below her ribs, and my brother leans over to take a closer look. She pulls the dress even higher and we're all just standing there staring at her underwear.
Then Alex calls me, "Sis," which might as well be, "This is not my girlfriend."
Like fucking hell, I'm not.
Now empowered, the girl inches closer to him and asks for his number.
So I shove my brother's hand inside the neck of my dress and kiss him. Alex cups me and kisses me back. He does what he's told. We swap saliva for a minute, and the girls don't say a word.
When I pull away, the pink whore asks me, "You do that with your brother?"
I say, "Yes, don't you?"
It's fun to get Alex worked up when we're around other people, and he can't do anything. The strangers in the park get a show by way of my jealousy, but we're more discreet around family. I do everything I can to get him going, and today is the perfect event, since it's all day long. I tease him, flirt with him, tell him what to do. He touches me when he can, but I don't let him have much. By the time I get him to myself later in the evening, he's about to burst. It's a game I play.
Back at the house, I'm marching across the gravel, pain shooting up my legs. Mom's trunk pops open, and a croquet set is hiding inside, just like she said. I cart everything up on the porch, and let it fall with a thump. We're painting the whole exterior of the house next year, after the inside remodel is done. I'll be more careful once that's finished.
Jane thrusts a bubbling drink into my hand. "Your mother said you lost yours."
Before I can take a sip, Mom's voice from inside the kitchen says, "Jessica, take this bottle out to Phil and Lorna." The screen pushes open, and my mother's disembodied arm holds a dripping, still-corked bottle.
I groan, and set my new glass on the porch railing, so I can steady myself as I descend. I take the longer, more comfortable route across the lawn. My hair sits up in a French knot, so the sun bakes my exposed shoulders and back, as I approach the trees at the end of the driveway. Phil and Lorna sit in plastic chairs on the other side, and I can hear them talking. I quiet my steps, and slow my walk the final few paces, while I'm still out of sight.
"It's coming along nicely," says Phil.
"What about theotherstuff?" asks Lorna
I stop behind the trees.
"I try not to think about it."
"Has she threatened them or anything?"
"You know that's not her style. You couldn't tell if you didn't already know."
"It's just so... weird."
"They've been through a lot. I try to cut them some slack."
"Yeah, him being locked up isn't helping either."
"Any idea on parole or that stuff?" asks Aunt Lorna.
"Last I heard was it would be a couple years before--"
I've heard enough, so I walk around the driveway side of the row of trees, making as much noise on the rocks as possible.
I say, "Heard you were thirsty," and slam the bottle on the wobbly card table in front of Lorna. A sky blue version of my mother's dress drapes over her sister. In what must have been a significant lift, her bright blonde hair rests on her head in a silly Princess Leia bun. Nothing shows at the roots, so it's recent.
"Thank you dear," says Lorna. "How's your summer going?"
"Okay. I'm writing this paper for school. Well, it's technically for an internship."
Phil stands and fastens the top button of his navy blue jacket. He hides behind aviator sunglasses, over a jet black Van Dyke beard. Most people call it a goatee, but that's just the chin hair. He has the whole thing. Phil twists off the metal cap, and points the bottle away from us. The cork rockets off with a bang, and lands somewhere under the trees. I'll have to clean that up later.
"Do anything fun lately?" asks Lorna.
I have to be careful with my answer.
"We've been going to the beach a lot."
Alex and I actually just got back from the beach...
We were hanging out down on the sand, and my brother somehow made friends with some stoner types around a fire. They're telling him about shotgunning weed, and Alex wants to try, so he comes to get me. He's such a good boy. But he fucks it up the first time, and coughs right away, so I have to take the hit, then kiss him, and blow it into his mouth. This is a perfect opportunity, so I make an announcement.
"I have to teach my brother everything," I say to the crowd.
The guy who passed Alex the joint coughs. "I thought you said that was your girlfriend."
"She's my sister," he says. "Same thing. Whatever."
"You do that with yoursister?"
"Don't you?"
For the record, my brother sees himself as "John Wick" Keanu, but he's really more "Ted 'Theodore' Logan" Keanu a lot of the time. Don't get me wrong, I love him to death. He just needs a bit of fixing. So I got to correct him in front of a bunch of people, then publicly kiss him. And he got to look cool. It was a triple win. Oh, plus we got high.
Back by the mailbox, Phil pours champagne into his and Lorna's flutes. "Do you have a glass?" he asks me.
"It's up on the porch." I turn and take the grassy route back to the house. When I get up the steps, a wet ring marks where my drink had been on the railing, but there is no glass anywhere to be seen.
"Here," Jane's arm forces the screen door open, and she stands in the doorway with a piece of flatbread covered in some orange sauce. "You can't just drink all day."
"I haven't had anything yet. Where did my glass go?"
"Jessica," says Mom, from inside. "Are you getting everything set up?"
"No, you told me to take drinks to Phil and Lorna." I lift the flatbread from Jane's waiting hand.
"Can you get it set, please? I want it ready when people get here."
Jane watches me roll my eyes, as I bite into the bread. Some of the sauce evades my lips, and runs down my chin, with a single blot landing on my chest. Luckily, it hits bare skin, and not my dress.
"This is a thing with you now, isn't it?" says Jane.
My BFF is referring to our last trip to the pub...
I'd made a similar blunder with some tartar sauce, and it was dripping down my chest. I screamed when the sauce hit my skin, and half the restaurant turned to look. Right before it reached my shirt, Alex grabbed me, and licked it off my tits, pulling back my shirt in the process. I may have flashed a lunch crowd at a McMenamins.
Then my brother says, "Thanks, Sis," like it's nothing, and turns back to his meal.
A girl at the table next to us says, "That's your sister?"
"Yeah," says my brother. "It's just tartar sauce. It's not like I'm doing something depraved to her. You know, gripping her between the legs like a bowling ball, while I lick her, and do my best to make her cum. And taking my time, so she cums really hard, but not so much that she gets too loud and wakes up our mom. It's not like I'm doing that."
The girl at the next table stares at us with her mouth open.
For the record, Mom works hard, and she has to get up early. We're not assholes.
At the house, Jane brings me a napkin, and I wipe the mess off my chest.
"Can you help me with this stuff?" I ask Jane, pointing to the pile of balls and mallets I left by the door. "I have to get these off."
"I'll go find The Oaf. Pounding stakes into the ground is right up his alley."
I hop on one foot, pushing past Jane, while I work the fastener on my shoe. The hardwood is heaven on my toes, and I tear off the other shoe. Four-inch Steve Madden heels scream across the living room, and land on the sofa.
The flaky paint of the porch gives way to smooth grass under my feet, first cool in the shade, then scalding hot in the sun. I hop back and forth between the two temperatures, as I round the side of the house.
He's right where I knew he'd be.
Standing there in a burnt grey pinstripe suit, and squishing grass under his dark wingtip shoes, with an adorable puppy next to his feet. The shoes shouldn't work, but they somehow do.
My brother leans against Mom's smooth blue birdbath, planted in the grassy side yard, several feet away from the bathroom window. The whole yard has been cleared and mowed, so Mom can work on her garden. But so far, all we have is the glazed ceramic birdbath. In the shadow of the pedestal, Will chews a stick he grips between his paws.
Alex stares at the phone in his hand, pointing his blond hair at me. He cut off the rest of the black dye when he had enough of his natural roots showing, but he left it too short for me to hold onto. I was going to tell him not to cut it for a while, but before I had the chance Mom cornered him in the kitchen, and he said he was growing it out. He didn't say why, or how long he planned to let it go, but he looked at me when he answered her. Sometime soon I'm going to grab him and push my tongue down his throat while we're riding the MAX. Just because.
I approach my boys along the cool grass next to the house, and stop under the window. Next to my brother, three full glasses of champagne sit in an arc, on the lowest rung of the birdbath. My M.A.C. Bronze Shimmer lipstick marks the edge of one flute.
"Robyn wants to know where they should park," says Alex. "She says Garrett is concerned about 'protocol.'"
"Tell them it's fine to park wherever."
My brother tilts his shoulders toward me, and drops the phone into his pants pocket. That stance. I still can't tell if he does this on purpose. He must. I want to tear that suit off him right now, and push him behind the rhododendrons.
Alex runs his eyes up the length of me, pausing at my chest. So the dress still works.
"What's with you stealing my shit and stacking it on birdbaths?" I step across the hot lawn, and lift the glass with my lip markings on it.
"They're usually secluded. It's a good place to hide."
Dog tags jingle behind me, but Will is calm and working on his stick at my feet.
"You want to hide from me?" I drain half the glass in one swallow. Wonderful sweet bubbles parade across my tongue.
"Other people, not you. I need your help with something."
Wingtip shoes pinch the grass by my toes, and I'm gazing up at blond and green. He wants to touch me, but he won't.
"Hey, Wonder Twins." Kevin's voice booms from behind me, along with jingling from a collar. "Where are we setting this up?"
"Anywhere out back," I shout, keeping my attention where it is. "Get creative. I'll be there in a minute."
Deep breaths.
Brilliant jade eyes track Kevin's retreat.
I unbutton Alex's jacket, letting it fall to his sides.
Then I scrape my nails down the front of his dress shirt.
And wrap my fist around his belt.
And my brother slides his hand inside my dress.
***
Alex is snoring on the bed behind me, wrapped in my purple duvet. It's 3AM, and I just finished reading his story. He's lucky he's adorable, or I'd wake him up and yell at him, then kiss him and yell at him some more.
I feel obligated to comment on a few things.
My brother doesn't know shit about cosmetics or shoes. Laughably so.
My dad and Donna are likely going to be locked up for a while. They did it to themselves, but it still makes me sad. I don't think it bothers Alex as much, but he didn't live with them, like I did.
It's weird to see my brother's perspective on me seducing him. In my mind, I wanted him, and I grabbed him. He doesn't see it that way, and it's cute how he takes part of the blame. Couples get together for all sorts of reasons, and maybe our origin story is on the unusual side, but I love him, and I know he loves me.
Jane's inquisition was the hardest thing I've ever done. Harder than French kissing your brother. I actually quite like doing that, so that may be an unfair comparison. Reading that section was difficult, as it's very much the same as my own memory, but it worked out in the end. Jane and I are as close as ever, and Kevin is probably the most open minded person I know. After Alex kissed me at the MAX station, Kevin just asked me, "so, you guys like a thing, or what?" I said we are, and he just went along, like I'd told him the weather forecast or something unimportant.
My brother still has his job, and goes to school. He wants to be like Garrett, so he's going for an engineering degree, and it keeps him busy. I'm going into year three of a biology degree, and have a lead for an internship at a veterinary clinic. He may need to change schools for his third year, for engineering pro school, and I may transfer too. Whatever we do, we're going to do it together. We're both looking at student loans for next year. I get to take organic chemistry this fall, which I'm not too thrilled about. Jane took it last year, and gave me her notes. She said it's the hardest shit she's ever done.
As to the elephant in the room, yes, I do all that stuff with Alex. The sex. We're not too different than most couples. I want to make him feel good, and he does the same for me. He actually left quite a bit out of his story, but he included some of my favorite moments.
My brother and I walk along a knife edge. We're brazen, but we're careful. I try to be mindful of sensibilities, but everyone knows. If they claim otherwise, they've stuck their heads in the sand, because it's uncomfortable to consider. My brother hasn't used his bed in months. He's always in mine, and I can't sleep when he's not there.
We have rules for family gatherings, but otherwise we play as much as we want. It seems to amuse our friends. Strangers either see us as an anonymous couple, or if they're in luck, they get a show. The "Hey, Sis" game never gets old, and we're always coming up with new ways to twist our floor show.
The person I care about most in this world escaped from my life, and I'm not letting go of him again.
So yes, I love my brother. And I do everything with him.
Don't you?