Editor: WhiteWave48
Chapter 03 -- The temperature rises - the party swings
Interrupting Jenny's forbidden thoughts, a deep familiar voice called her name. As Jenny turned her head, she spotted Rick elbowing his way through the motley crowd with French Royalty in tow. Introductions were quickly exchanged before Rick wandered off with a pretty young thing who talked slow and moved fast.
King Louis XIV and his wife, Marie Antoinette, were the hosts of the party and very gracious. Louis was all decked out in a blue satin outfit dotted with tiny gold fleur-de-lys, while Marie Antoinette, a stunning blue-eyed beauty with platinum hair (clearly a wig) in a French twist, was sheathed in a pure white 18th century ball gown that was cut to reveal a most exquisite bosom.
The Sun King, as it turned out, was Rick's boss at work, although not the company's Big Boss who was supposed to be around somewhere. As His Royal Majesty bent to kiss Jenny's hand -- no one had ever done THAT before -- Her Majesty leaned over to give Jenny a kiss on both cheeks, Froggy style. In the process, however, the Queen's extremely low-cut bodice let loose its rambunctious twins.
"Oops," said Jenny, pointing to the Queen's unloosed lovelies.
"Oh, you naughty girls," quipped Marie Antoinette as she noticed her 'au naturel' state. "They've been coming up for air all night," said Marie with a laugh, as she casually popped her beauties back into place then turned to greet another guest.
Jenny, despite her initial qualms, began to feel more comfortable with the 'laissez-faire' spirit of the evening and soon found that she was really enjoying herself. Jenny could tell from the foreign accents -- American, English, French, Slavic, German, and even Scottish - that this was an international crowd, not just Aussies. It was also a very handsome crowd. The men were of all ages, but uniformly good-looking and in shape. The women were younger, for the most part, but several were older and, as the expression goes, 'well-preserved'.
Marie Antoinette was an attentive hostess, gently leading Jenny by the arm and introducing her to one group or another, each involved in very interesting conversations. Charming too, thought Jenny, that Marie sought to preserve the mystery of the evening by always referring to each guest by the name of the character they were impersonating.
Jenny was introduced to a lovely couple -- "Anna", who carried a stuffed bear with a toy train in its paw, and "the Count".
"So nice to meet you," cooed Jenny. "Your dress is lovely Anna, and you, Count Vronsky, are very handsome in your Guards uniform."
The couple smiled, clearly gratified that someone had finally recognized them as the famous and tragic literary couple from Tolstoy's "Anna Karenina".
Jenny knew that there were no true singles at the party -- even Jenny herself was with Rick and Marti -- but there were no strict rules about who could come with whom (no pun intended) nor was there any limit to how many people were to be represented in the phrase 'famous lovers'. Most people were couples, it seemed, but there were certainly some trios and even a quartet or two. Gender reversal was also one of the surprises.
The Never-Land group, for example, included a youthful Peter -- naturally, since Peter Pan never grew up -- while Tinkerbelle was likely pushing 40 but with no qualms about showing off her considerable charms in a very short skirt with a tight sequined top that glittered with pixie dust. The third member of their group was a rather slutty young Wendy Darling, nearly popping out of a very low cut top matched with a white micro-mini skirt. Rounding out the quartet was a gender-reversed Captain Hook who called herself Captain Hooker but did not have a hook anywhere on her hot little body, at least not anyplace clearly visible.
"Tink" was pretty and pleasant, but perhaps, as befits a fairy, she was not a MENSA candidate. Due to an acquaintance with literature that rarely ventured beyond 'TV Guide', Tink had a hard time figuring out who the other guests were supposed to be. She was, for example, quite surprised to find that the toga-clad man who called himself Julius, was NOT John Belushi's "Bluto" from the film 'Animal House'.
"If only her brains were in her tits," thought Jenny, "she'd be a genius."
Of course, poor Tinkerbelle was not the only one having trouble identifying the guests. Jenny could hardly contain herself when she heard one man ask his wife if the guy they had been talking to, in the tights and a ruffled collar, was supposed to be Humpty Dumpty.
"No dear," explained his wife patiently, "his name is Hamlet... not Omelet."
A younger version of Hugh Heffner was surrounded by three scantily-clad Playboy bunnies, while the King -- Elvis, not Louis -- belted out a few bars of 'Blue Suede Shoes' as he strolled through the crowd, accompanied by his own gaggle of winsome young women. Cinderella was dancing with Prince Charming while Romeo clicked his champagne glass with an exquisitely gowned Juliet.
In some cases two women came together as 'famous lovers' but Jenny was not sure if they were just friends or really lovers. Could it be? Jenny thought one same-sex couple looked like Paris Hilton and Nicole Ritchie, while a Lindsay Lohan look-alike accompanied a dead-ringer for Hillary Swank. Yet another... oh, there were too many faces, and Jenny was losing track of who went with whom.
Jenny put her hand to her head. She had not been counting how many glasses she had downed of that punch bowl drink promoted as a 'Magic Potion'. Magic, or just good vodka, it tasted great and went down like water, but it was putting Jenny in a state of mind that was getting a little dangerous. But the party was so much fun, she decided. Getting a little buzz on was no big deal.
During a lull in a conversation with Marti, the buxom Monica Lewinsky, and Nordic-looking Pussy Galore, Jenny excused herself to go to the powder room, but when she tried the door she found it locked. Knowing there would be several more bathrooms in a house like this Jenny took off in search of another loo, but as she began poking around she noticed several of the party-goers had become rather forward, to say the least, with other people's spouses, or dates.
Little Bo Peep, complete with bows on her pig tails and a white ruffled dress, managed to bend over to pick up her fallen shepherd's crook right in front of Elvis and, since her bottom was bare, it was clear that she had lost more than her sheep that evening. Likewise, lovely Guinevere was stroking the chest of a muscular Las Vegas gangster -- or pimp, since they dressed much the same -- while her knight in shining armor was giving mouth-to-mouth to a Vegas showgirl whose playful fingers were walking their way down to Lancelot's tilting lance.
Moving on, Jenny noticed Peter Pan deep in conversation with the nearly naked Eve, while Tinkerbelle had grabbed young Harry Potter -- not quite as young as the character he portrayed, but not more than a few years out of school -- and was leading him down a darkened hallway. Jenny hesitated, then followed them at a distance. She thought they would duck into an empty room, or perhaps escape into the garden, but at the end of the hallway the couple slipped into a large party room that was filled to over-flow with half-drunk revelers and a completely smashed band.
Since the door was open a crack, Jenny peeked in. She blinked, and looked again. There, in a room full of cheering guys, costumed women of all ages lined up to take the stage -- a raised platform -- do a little dance and give their best imitation of 'American Idol'. As Jenny watched, some women went up alone and others were in a group. One called up her boyfriend -- or somebody's boyfriend -- but all seemed drunk out of their minds. The singing, if you could call it that, was awful and the accompaniment was ragged, but the men -- as well as the women who had returned to the audience -- cheered madly for whoever was on stage, and the performers ate it up like candy.
Jenny slipped inside and took up a position in a dark corner, then looked around to see if Rick and Marti, or perhaps Zorro and the Senorita were in the crowd, but it was hard to spot anyone in that crowd. Then, she did see him -- Rick -- yes, she was sure that was him with a group of guys applauding the show, but he had ditched his costume. Jenny was about to wave to Rick when the crowd surged and she lost sight of him. Looking back toward the stage, Jenny saw why the audience was getting psyched up.
The act on stage featured a perky-titted girl in a nautical uniform (was she the captain of the Love Boat?) doing a bump and grind with a busty Indian Princess while a hard-bodied Graduate in cap and gown, a voluptuous Fairy -- the old-fashioned kind -- and a teasing Tool-girl all pranced and danced to the beat of the music. Jenny was amazed, but also -- as she took a closer look at the nether regions of the performers -- a bit perplexed. She involuntarily glanced downward at her own pussy, and wondered... was she the only one at this party who didn't have a clean shave?
A yell from the crowd brought Jenny's attention back to the stage where the current performers proved to be the most daring -- or the most drunk -- so far, because when someone called out "show us your ass" or "tits and clits", the girls readily complied, initially playing peek-a-boo with their barely-covered boobs and booties, then pulling each others pants down, and finally flinging tops, panties and the rest of their clothing into the raucous cheering crowd. Soon, some large denomination folding money was being thrown onto the stage and the obliging ladies bent over each bill, giving the men all they wanted in terms of clits and tits, each performer attempting to out-do the next in erotic poses and gestures.
Before long the Indian Princess was licking and sucking the Navy girl from tip to toe and stem to stern until her nautical neighbor returned the favor by dropping to her knees and massaging the Princess's private parts until the buckskin beauty groaned, bucked her hips and gushed a sweet load of hot cum from her cunt, right up there on the stage. Soon, gals in the audience were stripping down to their underwear or just their shoes and imitating the erotic action on the stage with whoever was standing next to them, male or female. Right before her very eyes, Jenny realized, the room was turning into an orgy and Jenny, rather than being shocked, found her own pussy getting hotter and wetter by the minute.
Jenny now realized that Tink and Harry had found the next best thing to a completely private room, that is, a room that was so sexually charged that no one gave a flying fig about who was hooking up with whom, or why. And speaking of that amorous couple, Jenny saw that they were, in fact, moving up to the stage to take the place of the nearly naked performers who had now moved down into the audience.
Somebody shoved a drink into Jenny's hand, then moved on. Jenny drank deeply and turned toward the stage, transfixed and excited.
Tink took the stage with a bound and began to gyrate like a bitch in heat. Her enormous boobs shook and shimmied until, as if by their own power, they popped out of her skimpy top and began to swing to and fro, in counter-point to Tink's swaying hips, as the tempo of Tink's primitive dance became more and more frantic.
With a flick of her wrist Tink beckoned young Harry to share the stage and he needed no more encouragement. As he took the stage, the crowd began a harsh rhythmic chant in tune with the band's tribal beat, clapping and calling out, "Fuck her tits, fuck her tits" faster and louder each time.
Tink smiled, licked her lips, and tore off young Harry's pants. She pushed him down to the stage floor and stood directly over his erect pulsating prick. As he lay on the stage, his hard cock pointing straight up, Tink sank to her knees and took his long, thick fuck-pole into her hungry mouth. The sexy pixie expertly moved her pouty lips up and down his straining shaft, all the while brushing her monster tits over his thighs and up against his throbbing balls, driving Harry near the brink of ecstasy, then bringing him back down when he got too close to blowing his load.
Jiggling her massive boobs, Tink teased him unmercifully as she smeared his pre-cum over her wide brown nipples, then moved so her heavy hooters swayed over and into his open mouth, making him lick his own cum, until finally Harry yelled out.
"No more, you fucking witch, bitch, or whatever you are -- I have to shoot my wad."
The audience cheered and whistled.
"Tit-fuck, tit-fuck!" they yelled in encouragement.
"You hear what they want, my young coxswain?" squealed Tink. "They want the same thing I do, and I want a hot load of gooey stud-spunk all over my pixie titties."
That said, she got right down to business. Squeezing her huge tits together on either side of Harry's helpless prick, the pixie pumped her double D knockers up and down on him, licking the sensitive underside at the tip of his prick on the upswing and smacking her cum-covered lips on the downswing. In less than a minute, her partner's face went red, his hips bucked spastically and his neck muscles twitched as he let loose with a huge spurt of spunk and a loud curse.
"Hot-damn, mother-fuck, oh baby -- arghhhh."
"That's what I want, baby," crooned Tink as young Harry shot stream after stream of hot creamy goo onto her heaving bosom.
He was a young stud, after all, and as massive as her tits were, the bewitched boy covered both of those bobbing beauties with thick loads of creamy spunk, so much that Tink's tits turned totally white.
A raucous cheer rose up from the crowd as Tink stood up and lifted her jizz-covered tits up for all to see, at least all of those that were looking, since by this time there were more cocks being licked and sucked, and more tits being flicked and fucked, all over the room, and to say the least, there was 'more to cum'.
It was hot, but too hot, and too much for Jenny to absorb all at once. With her head throbbing, she bolted outside and leaned against the corridor wall, gathering her wits and trying to clear her foggy head. Just what kind of party was this? And what was Rick doing in that room with Marti nowhere in sight? And most of all, why had they insisted that she, Jenny, come to this party? They hadn't been with her since they arrived at the party and, from what Jenny could see, they needed her along like a cow needs an extra tit. It was all too much and to top it all off now, Jenny really, like, fucking really, needed to answer nature's call.
When she again found the line to the bathroom to be far too long for the urgent condition her bladder was in, she became desperate. Eyeing a sign on a grand staircase that read 'No Admittance' Jenny took a quick look to her right and left and saw no one.
"I know," she thought to herself, "there's got to be a loo or two upstairs and even if it's officially off limits, it's either that, or I piss on their hardwood floor and I think I know which one they would prefer."
At the top of the stairs, Jenny stopped and hesitated. Left or right? She tentatively pushed open a nearby door and walked into a nearly dark room. As her eyes adjusted to the dim light, she realized she had entered the home's master bedroom.
"Success," Jenny thought as she made straight for the master bathroom and finally found relief. As she got up and began to wash, however, Jenny felt a little light-headed.
"OK, time out" she thought, "I'm not used to all this."
Jenny thought she might lie down for just a bit. The bed was very comfortable and the only light was from the moon shining in the window. If she lay there and closed her eyes for just a minute or two, Jenny thought, she would be just fine.....
Jenny's eyes popped wide open. What was that noise?
Without thinking, she ducked into the double-door closet on the far side of the bed and held her breath. Within seconds, the outside bedroom door opened and Jenny heard a couple come stumbling in, giggling and shushing each other, then quickly closing the door behind them. Jenny squinted through a crack in the doors to take a peek. It was the masked Zorro, who was quite a dashing figure, and a woman, but... it wasn't the sexy Senorita who was with him. It was... oh my gosh... Marti! What were these two up to?
They were both obviously a bit high, but not so out of it that they didn't know what they wanted. Marti turned on a bedside lamp and flopped down on the love-seat at the foot of the bed, complaining that her feet hurt as she slipped out of her shoes. As Zorro approached, Marti's face was level with his crotch and that was all it took. With a low animal growl, Marti tugged Zorro's tights to his knees and pushed her face into his swollen manhood, licking it and stroking it on her flushed cheek.
Jenny was terrified they might realize she was there, but couldn't tear her self away from the erotic sight. What's more, she felt her own moisture begin to build under her thin thong, and a craving she had not felt for a long time overtook her. What she really wanted she couldn't have, but she could see it, just out of her reach.
At first she just reached down to play with herself a little, gently rubbing her clit on the outside of her harem pants, but then as the couple kept kissing and groping each other, Jenny had to slip off her pants and thong and finger-fuck her pussy hard, with her legs spread open.
Marti slipped out of her outfit and turned on her back so that she rested on the sofa, but her mouth was directly under the masked man's large swollen cock. To this she gave her full attention as she sucked and licked slowly up one side and then the other.
Zorro moaned, "Take it all in your mouth, Marti... your hubby brags that you give the best blowjobs under the Southern Cross."
Marti said nothing but Jenny could hear a long sucking sound and in the dim light, she could make out Marti's wide mouth working hard to suck every bit of cum out of Zorro's enormous cock. Suddenly, Marti yelped that she could hold it no longer and had to pee right then.
"Be right back," she hissed, then disappeared into the bathroom, leaving Zorro and his throbbing tumescence slumped against the wall, breathing hard.
When Jenny saw that his eyes were still closed, she felt a burning inside her and a buzzing in her ears. Again, she seemed to hear a voice inside her head. It was if she felt power flow into her.
She silently moved out of the closet, over to the love-seat and into the same position as Marti had taken. Slowly moving her silky tongue over Zorro's bulging manhood, Jenny brushed aside her hair to lick more easily the side of Zorro's thick shaft all the way down and all the way up again, savoring the taste and smell of his large throbbing prick and the thick stream of pre-cum that leaked out. It had been a long time since Jenny had worked her magic on a man who appreciated her talented tongue, but no matter -- like riding a bicycle, giving good head was something that, once learned, a girl never forgot.
Jenny loved the taste and feel of a thick, hard cock and this cock was a treat for her aching body, she thought, as she licked the oozing wetness from the tip of Zorro's cock and massaged his balls, smearing some of his silver pre-cum on her face, while still stroking him with her hand. It was surprising how good he tasted, and how the hot cum on her face made her cheeks flush with excitement. It was wonderful!
She so loved this marvelous sensation of a strange man's throbbing cock oozing pre-cum on her face that her pussy was now too hot to ignore -- she had to finger-fuck herself with two fingers while with her other hand she stroked the shaft of that monster prick and sucked it deep and hard. The more she sucked, the more the throbbing head pulsed out fresh pre-cum that covered her face and tits, causing her make-up to smear and bringing her cunt near the point of no return.
Zorro moaned, stroked her hair and fucked her pretty mouth deep as the two drifted on a cloud of naked lust. Just as he was about to explode into her mouth, Jenny heard the faint sound of the toilet being flushed in the bathroom.
Softly but quickly, Jenny took the swollen cock from her mouth, slipped off the love-seat and retreated into the closet again, licking her lips as she went. Jenny saw Marti assume her previous position and take Zorro in her mouth only seconds after Jenny had stopped her own hard sucking. Marti immediately began to take up where she had left off -- although actually, it was where Jenny had left off -- but Zorro apparently didn't notice the interruption.
"Give me that hot jizz, baby," Marti moaned. "Soak me with sperm, on my tongue, in my mouth and on my tits."
In less than a minute, Marti got her wish as Jenny saw Zorro grimace, then shoot his load into Marti's open mouth, all over her face, and down her long slim neck. Happy, horny Marti sucked him even more and pumped his cock hard for every last bit of spunk, but it seemed there might never be a last bit. Zorro was a veritable geyser, shooting again and again in a high arc that still never missed its intended target so that within seconds Marti's smiling face was soaked in streams of cum while her tongue still worked to get more cum into her hungry mouth.
Jenny fucked her hot creamy cunt hard now as she watched Marti slurp Zorro's hot cum, gulp, wipe her face off and then lick her fingers clean. Finally, that pretty pussy of Jenny's could take no more, and, stifling her moans, Jenny bucked her hips into an imaginary cock and shot her own heavy load of cunt cream down her legs and onto the closet floor. Quivering in lust and exhaustion, she lay on the floor, breathing hard.
"Whoa, that was a huge load, baby," Marti exclaimed breathlessly, unaware that her words could apply to more than just one cum-spent soul.
Zorro, exhausted, did not respond.
In a few more minutes, the two miscreants put their costumes on again and crept back down to the party. Apparently, neither one of them realized that Zorro had just gotten a secret double blow job.