When I woke again, it was morning, and I was alone in bed. Damn, I must have slept in, I thought, looking at the clock. It was 8:35 am which meant Ken was already gone.
I got out of bed and fixed some coffee for me to drink. After I was more awake, I showered and changed the sheets before getting dressed in the outfit Pop had picked. I was nervous but excited at the same time and still horning from the dream last night.
I looked at myself in the mirror. I saw a cheap slut staring back at me. I wasn't sure what I thought about the changes and worried about how this would impact my relationship with Ken.
I will have to deal with it later. I thought as I walked out the door.
The GPS said the address was 30 minutes from the house, so I started driving. I was nervous and slightly distracted, so the trip seemed to fly by. On my way off the highway, I noticed that the area I was driving through was very industrial, with most businesses closed due to the weekend.
I pulled into the parking lot and realized where I was. It was an adult video store and looked run down. I doubled checked the address and realized that Pop had sent me here. I had never been inside a store like this; good girls didn't do those things. My parents would have a fit if they even thought I had stopped in the parking lot, let alone went inside.
As that thought ran through my mind, I reminded myself that this was only a game, and it was not the real me that was going inside, but the slut I was in the game. I got out of the car and adjusted the jacket and skirt to cover me as best that they would before walking into the store.
Inside, the store was packed with videos, magazines, toys, and erotic clothing. I approached the counter and looked up at the girl sitting there. She had to be around eighteen with long black hair and blue eyes. Her nose was pierced, and she had a tattoo on her right arm.
"Can I help you?" she asked with a smile.
"Hi. I am supposed to meet someone here," I said, blushing and looking down.
"Well, there are a couple of men in the back watching movies," she said, trying to see inside my jacket.
I pulled the jacket closed as far as possible and looked into her eyes.
"It's not a man; it is a woman," I said, blushing.
"Are you Beth?" I asked nervously.
"I sure am, sugar. You must be Lisa?"
"Yes," I answered, looking down.
"Pop said you would be here to see little old me," Beth said with a southern drawl.
"I pulled some items he wanted you to have, but some will require that I check how they fit on you.
"Why don't you come around to the side of the counter so I can get a good look at you, and we can get started," she stood, walking to the end of the counter.
I followed her to the end of the counter and stood waiting for her to tell me what she wanted.
"Let's start removing the jacket and laying it on the counter," Beth said.
Looking around the store, I was relieved I wasn't seeing anyone, but I was still nervous. The counter was only waist height, and anyone who walked in or up to the front would see my breasts through the top without the jacket. Beth frowned as I stood there, trying to work up the courage to follow her directions.
"Listen, slut. I don't have all day.
"Pop gave me instructions, and I must ensure I follow them, or he will be upset. If you don't want to play his game, then you can leave and stop wasting my time," Beth said, turning away from me and returning to her seat.
"Wait, I'm sorry, it's just this is new to me," I said and took off the jacket, folded it, and placed it on the counter.
Looking into the mirror behind the counter, I could see through the top and noticed that my nipples were very hard.
"New. I guess that explains why you are not following directions when they are given," she said, walking back over to look at me.
She motioned me forward to stand directly in front of her.
"Nice nipples slut," she said as she twisted and pulled my right nipple.
"Pull your top up."
I looked at her and then around again before reaching down, pulling my top up until it was at my neck, exposing my breasts to Beth. She started running her hands over my breasts and tweaking my nipples, causing me to moan.
I was still uncomfortable letting another women touch me. The idea was still gross, but standing here, letting her feel me, was turning me on.
"Like me playing with your nipples slut?" she asked, leering at me.
"Yes, I mean, it's weird letting a woman play with them," I responded, blushing and looking at the floor.
She licked her lips before leaning forward and taking one, then the other nipple, into her mouth, sucking on them. As she sucked, she bit the nipple, sending chills directly to my clit. She alternated between my nipples for a few minutes before standing back up, looking at my engorged nipples.
They stood out from my breasts over an inch and glistened with her saliva. She reached behind her and pulled out a couple of odd-looking clips with a chain between them.
"Every used these before?" Beth asked me.
"No. What are they?"
"Nipple clamps," Beth said, creasing my left breast before sliding her hand up to my nipple. Looking me in the eye, she placed the clip over my nipple and released it.
I felt a shooting pain through my nipple, causing me to cry out and start to back away from her and reach for the clip to remove it.
"Stand still slut, and get your fucking hand down," she said sternly.
I was shaking but dropped my hand and returned to where I had been. Beth tugged on the clip, drawing gasps from me before she was satisfied it fit. She grabbed my other breast and, looking me in the eye again, placed the second clip on my right nipple. Even though I now knew what to expect, the pain ripped through my nipple, causing me to cry again.
She watched me sobbing for a minute before tugging on the chain and moving me around the end of the counter.
"Can't have them too loose, or they might come off," she smiled as she moved back and forth, pulling me around by my sore nipples. We walked up and down some of the isles before stopping in front of the sales counter.
"You can pull down your top, turn around, and bend over. I want your hands on your knees and both of your legs spread out about the width of your shoulders," Beth said
Gratefully, I pulled my top down and turned around as ordered. I bent over, spreading my legs, knowing I was giving Beth a good view of my ass and pussy. I was watching her over my shoulder in the mirror when she noticed.
"Face forward slut," she ordered.
I turned and looked down the aisle towards the rear of the store, looking at the packages of fake cocks that lined the shelves. I felt Beth running her hands on my bare ass and pushing my skirt, exposing me to her view.
She ran her fingers down my ass and thighs for several minutes, getting closer to my pussy with every pass. Just when I thought I was going to go crazy, she slipped a finger between my pussy lips, slipping it around, before pushing a finger inside of me.
"My, you are soaked."
"Are you enjoying being used like this?" she asked.
"Yes," I whimpered, looking at the floor.
"I didn't hear you slut."
"Yes," I said much louder.
"Better. I want you to call me Mistress for the rest of your time here, slut," Beth answered.
"Yes, Mistress ."
She started finger fucking me getting me closer to an orgasm pushing two then three fingers inside my pussy. Just before I climaxed, she pulled her hand out and slapped my ass. I stood bent over, breathing hard while she rummaged behind the counter.
She walked between my legs and sank a finger back into my pussy, causing me to moan. She got the finger wet and pulled it out again. I felt something cold and wet on my asshole, causing me to stand up.
"I never told you to move slut."
"I must tell Pop you didn't follow directions very well. He may decide that you are not worth playing the game with."
"I am sorry, Mistress. I just have never had anyone touch me there before."
"Please don't tell on me," I begged. The thought of the game ending after everything I had done scared me.
"If you can do what you are told for the rest of today, then I guess I will overlook your inability to follow directions," Beth said.
I stood bent over while she slipped a finger into my ass, lubing it up. She slowly pushed her finger in and out until I got used to it before adding another finger. After she put in the third finger, she moved her other hand back to my pussy and started rubbing my clit.
I started building up again to the orgasm she stopped before, moaning as she finger fucked my ass. She took me right to the point where I would cum before stopping again. She walked around before me and put her fingers on my mouth.
"Suck," she demanded.
I opened my mouth and started licking her fingers, tasting my vaginal juices before she pushed the fingers from my ass into my mouth.
I felt disgusted at licking the fingers from my ass, but at the same time, the naughtiness of it turned me on more than I was already. After I cleaned Beth's fingers, she walked behind me again, and I felt something more significant than her fingers pushing against my ass.
She moved it in and out before shoving it inside me. It was larger than her fingers, and it hurt when it finally slipped inside me, causing me to whimper.
"Look into the mirror slut," she instructed me.
Looking behind myself, I could see a flat disk sticking out of my asshole.
"It's an anal plug. Pop said you are to wear it at all times except to use the toilet or when your husband might see it."
Beth twisted the plug around. I didn't know if I liked it, but it felt weird.
"This is the smallest one of the pack you will be leaving with. You are to put in the next size plug on Sunday, following a week of getting used to the smaller size until you wear the largest one."
Beth slapped the plug, pushing further into my ass, causing me to groan.
"Any questions slut?"
"No, Mistress," I replied.
Beth inserted a couple of her fingers into my pussy and started finger fucking me. I could feel her rubbing the plug as her finger pushed deeper inside.
I approached the orgasm she had denied me, panting as she fingered my pussy. Just before I came, she stopped again, smacking my ass hard.
"Stand up and pull your skirt down slut" she said as she walked back behind the counter.
"Crawl around the counter and come here, "she said as she sat down.
I dropped to my hands and knees, crawling on the dirty floor around the counter and up to the chair Beth sat in. When I was in front of her, I looked up and saw under her skirt that she had no panties.
Blushing, I looked away and waited for my next instruction. Beth pushed a button, and it sounded like the outer door locked.
She laughed at my discomfort and held a dildo out to me. "I want you to squat on the floor and put this under your pussy."
"You are to sit down on the dildo until the head is inside your pussy."
"After the tip is inside, I want you to look at my pussy."
She leaned forward, stroking my hair.
"I want you to imagine how I taste."
"How good I will feel when you run your tongue inside me."
"You are to keep looking at my pussy and ride slowly up and down on the dildo getting as much possible inside of yourself on the down strokes."
She sat back, hiking her skirt up to completely expose herself.
"You are not allowed to cum until I give you permission."
I moved the dildo under my pussy and attached it to the floor by the suction cup on its base. After rubbing the head around my pussy a little to get it wet, I slowly pushed it inside myself until the head was in.
I then looked at Beth's pussy a few inches away on the chair before me. I had never thought about touching another woman, let alone licking one. But I vividly remember the dream from last night where I had licked two different women to orgasm.
As I rode the fake cock I could feel myself building toward the orgasm Beth had denied me. I knew that if I came before giving permission, I would be in trouble, and she would tell Pop, who would stop the game because I was not listening.
As I rode the fake cock I started leaning towards Beth's pussy a little with each stroke before my lips touched her outer pussy lips.
Before I knew what I was doing, I ran my tongue over her clit, causing her to gasp. Not stopping there, I pushed my tongue inside her pussy to taste her.
I was surprised at Beth's taste and licked deeper, trying to get more of her juices. I sucked harder on her clit, earning another moan from her. Feeling like I was doing well, I started licking her faster, digging my tongue into her pussy to capture her juices.
I felt her hands on the back of my head, pulling me into her pussy right as she groaned and squirted her cum into my mouth. I drank her juices and kept licking her as I rode the fake cock inside my pussy. I was getting close to a massive orgasm, so I pulled back from her pussy.
"Can I please cum, Mistress?"
She looked at me with an evil grin. "Stop fucking that cock slut, and pull it out of your pussy. You had better not cum either."
I moaned loudly but stopped moving and pulled the fake cock out of my pussy, waiting on my next instruction.
"Lick the cock clean bitch. From now on, when you get a cock in your pussy or ass, you are to suck it clean after it's done with you. Understand slut?"
"Yes, Mistress"
Beth straightened her skirt before putting a collar around my neck. After attaching a leash to the collar, she pulled me toward the rear of the store.
I started to stand up as I followed her.
"I don't remember telling you to get off your hands and knee, slut" she said, yanking the leash down towards the floor.
I got back on my hands and knees and followed her to the back of the store and into a video booth. She put some tokens into the machine, and a video started. It was a young woman fucking a guy while sucking one.
Moving me to the middle of the booth, she looked down at me, stroking my hair.
"Strip Slut, but leave the collar and your pumps on," she said, extending her hand for my clothes.
I pulled off my top and skirt and draped them over her arm.
"You are to sit on the bench, lightly finger yourself, and watch the movie. It will last 1/2 hour, and you will crawl back to my chair at the end. You are not to cum for any reason, and if you do, I will punish you and tell Pop everything you failed to do today."
She walked to the door and was leaving with my clothes when I stopped her. "Please don't take my clothes," I begged.
"The bench will just get them dirty slut, so I will keep them in the front. You can have them at the end of the movie. Since it's early on a Sunday, we don't normally see any real traffic for a few hours yet, so no one should see you."
I glanced at the bench she said to sit on and realized it was covered with dried cum, and who knew what else. I walked over to the bench and tried squatting over it but realized that I would not be able to hold that position long enough, and with a sigh, I sat on its sticky surface and watched the movie on the screen.
The young woman had finished off her partners, and the scene changed to an older white woman sucking on a giant black cock. The man was groaning and grabbed the back of the woman's head and started driving the cock deeper into her mouth until he had her sliding the entire dick into her throat.
He grabbed her hands, put them on his ass, and let go of her head. She got the idea and started pulling herself to his pelvis before backing off, roughly fucking her throat with his cock. He grunted a few times before he came.
Pulling out of her mouth, he covered her face and chest with a large load of cum. Just as he came on her, I saw movement to my right and found a hole in the wall about waist height. Someone was looking through the hole and watching me masturbate. I quickly covered myself as best as possible and backed away from the wall towards the door. I checked my door and found it locked so no one could enter, making me feel slightly better.
The eye left the hole. I thought maybe the pervert was done and glanced back at the monitor. A new woman was on the screen. She was being walked on a leash topless outside in a park. You could see from the looks she was getting that it was not staged.
The men were all leering at her, as were some of the women, although most were giving her looks of disgust. A short man was leading her around, and I could see that her nipples were hard. The man took her into a public toilet and had her kneel in front of the sink before pulling his cock out for her to suck.
Just as the man on the screen's dick sprang from the front of his pants, a large black dick was pushed through the hole in the wall next to me. I sat there in shock as the woman on the screen sucked the man holding her leash, and the large black dick sticking through the wall bobbed up and down as the man moved around.
He could not be thinking that I wanted to touch his dick or suck it like the woman on the screen was doing. There was no way I was going to do that, and after a few minutes of the dick sticking out the hole and nothing happening, he pulled his cock back to his side of the wall.
I thought he had left when my top was pushed halfway through the hole, the same hole the black cock had been in. I attempted to grab the top when it was yanked back on the other side of the wall.
"Come on. Please give me my top," I begged.
"Well, I would, but then you would leave, and I would be here with a very hard dick from watching the show you were putting on. I don't know about you, but that seems highly unfair."
"I am sorry, but I didn't know you were watching, and to be honest, you shouldn't have been in the first place. I don't see how it could be my fault."
"All you women are the same. Show off to get the men to look at you and then pretend you had nothing to do with getting them hard. Well, today, I am going to push back. If you want your top back, you take care of the problem you created."
He waited for a second and then put his dick back through the hole. I looked at the cock for a minute, thinking about how he got me clothes. That answer seemed pretty straightforward. Beth had given it to him.
"Promise you will give me back my top if I get you off?" I asked.
"You take care of me, and I will give you what you want," he assured me.
Sighing, wondering not for the first time what the hell was wrong with me, I moved closer to his dick. Reaching out, I gently ran my hand up and down his shaft. I had never touched a black dick before and had only seen three others besides Ken's. He was about the same size as Ken, and as I jerked him off, I started getting excited again.
I had just gotten into a rhythm when he pulled his dick back on his side of the wall. I wondered if I had done something wrong when I heard him say.
"Damn bitch. If I wanted someone to jack me off, I could have done that myself. Get your fucking mouth on my dick, or you can forget about getting your top back."
Understanding what he wanted, I started licking his dick before sliding the tip into my mouth and sucking on him. With each stroke, I started moving my head back and forth until I could get all of him into my mouth.
I sucked him like that for almost ten minutes before he pulled his dick out of my mouth and started shooting his cum on my face and chest. I let him finish and waited for him to hand me my top. I saw him move his eye back to the hole and look at my cum covered face and chest. His cum dripped off my breasts and nipples onto my stomach, and the cum on my face ran down my chin and neck. I thought I heard him call me a slut before he handed my top through the hole.
It didn't matter. The movie had ended, so I looked around for something to wipe the cum off.
That explains why the seat is sticky, I thought, not finding anything to clean myself up.
I unlocked the booth and looked around outside, and seeing no one, I ran to the door leading out to the main store. Looking around, I could not see anyone in the store, so I crawled to the counter as quickly as possible.
Seeing the cum on my face and tits and my top in my hands, Beth smirked at me.
"I guess you serviced your first John."
"What the hell are you talking about? I am not a fucking prostitute. He had my top, which you must have given him, and wouldn't return it until I sucked him off," My voice had risen as I was talking, and the last was almost shouted at her.
Beth got mad at my tone. "Get the fuck out of my store, you two-bit whore! I don't know who the hell you think you are coming in here and sucking some guy off and thinking that it's ok to yell at me.
"You had better fucking believe I will tell Pop what a fucking bitch you are and how you are nothing but a common alley whore. I am sure he will stop talking to you and find someone of more quality to play his game with." She yelled at me, standing inches away as I knelt before her.
I realized I had pissed her off and didn't want her to tell Pop. I had done so much already that they wanted, and the thought of it all being for nothing scared me.
"I am so sorry, Beth; I didn't mean to yell at you. I don't know why I sucked him off other than he had my top and would not give it back unless I did." I said, close to tears.
Beth looked at me frowning, looking like she felt sorry for me.
"I will not stand for a slut to yell at me, so if you are sincere about your apology, I will overlook your outburst this one time."
"Now, on the topic of you being a fucking prostitute. You got paid for sucking off a stranger. That is the textbook definition of a whore. I can understand that you didn't know that was what you were doing, but it's still no excuse for you to lie to me or yourself about what you did."
Thinking about it that way, I guess she was right. Even though I had only done it to get my top back, I still had sucked off a stranger for a $20 top. I knelt there completely naked with a stranger's cum drying on my face and breasts, looking at the floor while she continued.
"Well, I guess we are done for today. I have your skirt and the package of things that Pop wanted you to take."
She made a show of smelling the air. "You smell like a whore, and I am tired of the stench. Go ahead, get dressed, and take your things with you before I change my mind."
"Do you have anything I can use to clean off the cum?" I asked quietly
"Really slut? Do you think I keep cum rags around here for the whores to clean up their messes? Take your fingers and scope the cum off your face and eat it. The rest, leave until Pop allows you to clean it off."
I looked at her and then back at the floor before scoping the mess off my face and eating it. After I got as much as would come off, I rubbed the rest into my skin and pulled my top over my head. The top stuck obscenely to my tits, and you could see the nipple clamps. I put on my skirt and jacket before reaching for the bag I had come for.
"What is your cell number? I have a couple of things I want to send you."
I gave her my number and, taking my things, I left the store. As I opened the door, Beth called out to me. "Did you cum slut?"
I noticed my legs were shaking, and I had difficulty looking her in the eye. "No," I told her.
"No, what slut?"
"No, Mistress, I followed your directions and didn't cum"
"Good slut. Since you almost listened to the rest of the instructions, you must sit in your car and finger yourself before leaving. Pull your skirt up so you are sitting on the seat with your bare ass, and pull up your top, exposing your breasts.
"I want you to take the chain on your nipple clamps and wind it through the steering wheel so you can't sit back in the seat without pulling your nipples. Take a picture of yourself and send it to Pop."
"After you send the picture, you may finger fuck yourself until you cum. I want you to force yourself back into your seat when you orgasm, pulling very hard on your nipples.
"Take another picture of yourself, making sure that I can see your breast stretched out by the nipple clamps, and send that one to me. After you do that, take the nipple clamps off and put them in your bag and go home.
"I had better see your slutty naked self in the pictures clearly, as well as the sign for the store in the background. Understand?" Beth asked.
"Yes, Mistress," I managed to stammer out before fleeing the store for the safety of my car.
I looked around but didn't see anyone, so I pulled my skirt up to my waist and sat on my leather seat. Glancing about again, I removed my jacket and pulled my top up until the top bunched under my chin. I unhooked the chain from one of the clamps, winding it around my steering wheel a few times before reattaching the chain to the clamp.
I pushed back on the steering wheel until the chain was holding my breasts straight out from my chest, feeling a painful burning in both my nipples. Feeling behind me, I still was about an inch out before I would touch the seat.
I took the first picture and sent it as instructed. Then I started fingering my clit with my right hand while pushing myself away from the steering wheel with my left. I slipped a finger, then two, into my pussy and could feel myself getting closer to a powerful orgasm.
As I crested, I pushed as hard as possible against the steering wheel, forcing myself back into my seat. The pain was intense, and it seemed to force my orgasm to greater heights as I came, squirting all over my seat, soaking the leather.
When I had calmed down, I spread my legs as wide as I could and took another picture showing my poor nipples, making sure I had the store sign in the background. Looking at the picture, I saw a pregnant slut torturing her nipples, pulling her heavy breasts far away from her body.
You could see my pubic hair, the soaked seat I was sitting on, and the bookstore sign in the background. Satisfied, I moved back towards the steering wheel and unhooked the chain from my nipples before removing the clamps.
I felt like screaming as I removed each clamp. My nipples were a deep purple and distended at least two inches from my breasts. I put the clamps in the bag with the rest of the stuff and gently pulled my top down, almost crying when the fabric settled against my nipples.
I had considered not wearing the jacket, but the shirt was see-through. The jacket hurt as I moved, and it rubbed my nipples, but there was no help for it. Dressed the best that I could, I sent the final picture as instructed and started home.
While driving, I received a couple of text messages, so when I got to a traffic light, I looked at them while waiting. The first was from Beth.
God, you are such a fucking slut. The pictures of you got me so hot I had to finger myself for relief. I hope you enjoy them as well as I do.
I opened the pictures and was shocked. The first showed me bent over by the counter and someone pushing a butt plug into my ass.
The following picture had me on my knees, eating Beth's pussy. The cropped image makes it impossible to see her face, but you can see me very well.
The following picture was from behind, showing her walking me toward the rear of the store. You could see my breasts hanging down and the plug in my ass.
She took The following picture of me in the booth after she left me. I was sitting on the bench watching the video with my legs spread and three fingers inside my pussy.
The next one was a side view and showed me kneeling with about 4 inches of the black dick I was sucking in my mouth.
The following picture was from behind me, showing my ass and the rear of my pussy, along with the back of my hand, which was firmly embedded inside my pussy.
The following picture was another side view but higher, showing my lips meeting the crouch of the man I was sucking off.
The last picture was of me in my car, showing my stretched breasts and several men standing outside, jacking off while watching me masturbate inside my vehicle.
I was in shock.
Beth had recorded everything I had done today. I also wondered if she had a video of the acts when I noticed another email from her which contained a video. I started to open the video when the car behind me started blowing its horn.
The light had changed while I was looking at my phone. I waved to the car behind me and started driving. I could not believe I had performed in front of a group of men so focused on my orgasm that I didn't notice them clustered watching me.
It seemed to take forever to get home, but it could not have been more than 15 minutes. Pulling into our parking spot, I glanced around. It was getting dark out, and most of the neighbor's lights were still off.
I turned off the dome light and cautiously opened the door. Exiting the car, I noticed several globs running down the vehicle's side.
Shit, the men who watched me in the parking lot must have cum on the car,I thought, feeling disgusted.
It was getting late, but I would have to do something before Ken saw it and asked questions.
I grabbed the bag Beth had sent me home with and ran inside before anyone saw me. Putting the bag and my phone on the sink in the bathroom, I changed into jogging pants and a tee shirt. My nipples hurt so much that I could not stand a bra, so I decided it would do for now.
Grabbing paper towels and leather cleaner, I went back to the car. It took a few minutes, but I could clean up the mess. After hiding the bag in my closet, I grabbed my wallet and headed to the local car wash to clean my car. It took about half an hour, but I was relieved when I got home.