Stage Fright
He led Jenna by the hand through the curtained arch. The black silk robe whispered caresses all over her body, which was nude underneath. Her gloriously full breasts swayed with every step, her nipples hard as diamonds, rubbing against the robe with every sway.
She stood in the center of an octagonal room. There were five levels above her -- a velvet draped archway on every flat surface. 40 archways, including the one she had just walked through.
Jenna swallowed. Hard. "Ben, I don't know if I can do this."
He smiled indulgently at her. Damn, she was adorable when she was nervous.
"Baby, yes, you CAN. You know how much, deep down, that you want to do this. This isn't just what youwant.It's who youare. "
He eyed her appreciatively as she glanced nervously around the space. God, she was beautiful. Wavy chestnut hair that fell to her shoulder blades, deep blue eyes, and that come-fuck-me-mouth... he could look at her face all day. Not say anything about what treasures lay beneath that black silk robe.
"There's going to be 40 people watching?" she asked softly.
"Yes." He replied. "Well, technically yes. But one of them will be me, so... only 39 other people..." Ben said with a chuckle.
"Oh my God, "she said, her eyes getting wide. "I didn't know there would be that many people!"
"Shhh....." he said, stroking her hair. "You'll be blindfolded. So you don't have to look at anyone. You don't need to worry about anyone else... just focus on your own pleasure, and you'll bring down the house."
She shook her head. "I can't believe you talked me into this!"
Ben grabbed her chin and looked straight into her eyes. "I didn't talk you into anything you weren't already wanting. I don't know why you're nervous. You are so fucking beautiful, and so goddamn sexy.... They're not going to know what hit them. You are going to send your sexual energy out to them in radiating waves, like the heat of the sun, and they won't have any choice but to enjoy and bask in that warmth. "
She couldn't help but smile. He always had this effect on her.... Making her feel confident and sexy and calm, all at the same time.
She eyed the bed in the middle of the room. Draped in black silk sheets, no baseboard, no headboard, but a small table, like a bedside table, that had a tray of "toys" to assist with her show.
Ahhh fuck, what had she agreed to?
He watched her wheels spinning. He knew she was on the brink of freaking out. Ben stepped in behind her, wrapped his arms around her waist, and bent his mouth to her ear. "Beautiful, close your eyes."
She sighed, unable to resist his deep sexy voice. She closed her eyes, leaned her head back on his shoulder, and let him sooth her.
"I'm going to be here every step of the way. You know how much I believe in you... how amazing I think you are... I wondered if we should come here, now, before... but I knew that even though it would make you nervous, it would actually make her feel better to know what would happen.
"I'm going to lead you in here, blindfolded. We'll get to the edge of the bed, and we'll stop. I'll untie the robe, and take it off your shoulders. I will then command you to crawl onto the bed. At that point..."
Jenna sighed and acquiesced. "Okay. Okay, Ben. You know I'm not doubting you, I'm doubting me... you don't have to give me the play-by-play. I appreciate you giving me the preview of the space, and letting me know the game-plan." She stood on tiptoe and kissed him softly on the lips. "I trust you. I'm yours..."
Ben took a deep sigh. He loved pushing her boundaries, but always worried about pushing her too far. Now that he knew he was back in the safe-zone, he was back in control.
"Good girl. Now go over to the table and examine your options. Know what each one feels like and what they do. Remember, you're going to be blindfolded when you go to grab them later."
Jenna nodded, and went to the table. There was a nice, veiny rubber dildo -- very realistic, except for the deep azure color. There was a nice silicone vibrator -- about the same size at the dildo, but more contoured. She held onto the button on the bottom, and it turned on. She pressed it again, and it changed speeds. She pressed it again... this time it buzzed in a staccato pattern. Bzzz...bzzz... bzzzzzzzzzzzzz... bzz... bzzz... bzzzzzzzzz. Hmmm, interesting. Jenna spent a minute familiarizing herself with what she thought would be her favorite settings.
There was also a "string of pearls", some nipple clamps, and a small vibrating egg with a remote control. She tried not to giggle as she played with the setting on that one.
"I don't think I'm going to actually use all of these.." she said.
"Don't worry about it." He said, grabbing her hand. "Come on, let's go. Give you a minute to relax. Give me a minute to prime your pump, to have a drink, and give the audience a chance to get to their seats..."
Jenna went to the waiting couch, had a glass of wine, and let Ben purr into her ear.
"Goddamn, you're sooo fucking sexy. I want to fuck you. But you know that. EVERYONE wants to fuck you. And I think, deep down, you know that, too. And tonight, I'm going to prove it to you. You are going to put on the most amazing sex-show any of them has ever seen... and you're going to change all of their lives. Are you ready, my beautiful slut goddess?"
Jenna smiled. She was nervous. But... she was ready.
Ben grabbed her hands and lifted her to her feet. He traced his hand down her body, brushing against each of her nipples before going straight to her pussy. His hands sliding between the folds of her robe, and then between the folds of her cunt. Slipping his fingers insider her soft, wet pussy. Curling them up, against that pebbly surface deep inside her, stroking her G-Spot until, he felt her start to tense.... And then he stopped.
"You're going to have to wait until you're onstage, Goddess."
Ben smiled. He grabbed the blindfold and wrapped it gently around her eyes, and tied it tightly around the back of her head.
"Let's go, Beautiful."
She let him grab her hand, and walk her back onto the stage.
She felt the soft whoosh of the velvet as he pulled the curtain aside for her to walk through.
She felt the collective intake of breath of the audience as she walked toward the bed. As soon as Jenna reached the edge -- feeling the cool silk sheets against her calves -- she felt Ben untie her silk robe and it fall quietly to the floor, pooling at her feet. Hearing the collective sigh of 39 appreciative audience members made her smile, because she knew they were admiring her curve-upon-curve figure.
There was music playing -- a low base and drum beat tune that was helping to build the anticipation of the audience -- but Jenna could only half-way hear it. Ben had put an earbud in her right ear, so she could listen to his instructions.
"Crawl onto the bed... leaving your feet at the edge. Then bend down, so your breasts are against the bed, and push your arms up toward the front."
She knew what was expected of her, and she of course complied.
God she was beautiful -- her creamy, alabaster skin in stark contrast to the inky black sheets.
Her hips high, her chest pressed against the bed, her arms stretched out before her.
Ben walked to the other side, his hand stroking her back as he went. Once he got to the top of he bed, he grabbed her hands, and placed one over the other, so her whole body looked like the shape of a house from above. Her hands meeting in a point, the lines of her arms diagonal to her shoulders, then her hips and feet parallel to those lovely shoulders. He was about toownthat house.
Her head was turned to the right, so he leaned down, kissed her cheek, and whispered into left ear. "You're so beautiful.... "
She smiled and sighed. She realized that not only could she hear him in her earpiece, she could also hear him over the sound system. Everyone could hear him. She got a nervous twinge in her belly, knowing that everyone would be able to hear his instructions.
He walked back to the edge of the bed, and began rubbing his hands over her glorious ass. Then he brought his right hand back and let it fly, smacking hard against her right cheek. Even though Jenna knew it was coming, she still inhaled sharply. She heard a number of soft moans, a collective appreciation, from the crowd. She braced herself, knowing Ben would be smacking her left cheek any moment. He didn't disappoint. Within seconds her left cheek was stinging just like the right. His hands were caressing her then, tender and firm. And then... twack! Each side stinging more than before.
Jenna sighed and pushed her chest further into the bed, pressing her hips even higher. Ben's hands slid from cheek to cheek, just lightly grazing her pussy in between. He was so good at teasing her. She pushed back against him, and he took two fingers and slid them down her slit.
The crowd gasped a little as they watched her whole body shiver.
"You're so wet, " he said. A soft moan came from the crowd. Jenna was sure she was blushing furiously. But, at the same time, it made her feel incredibly sexy.
His thumb gently pressing against her clit as the other hand smacked each cheek again. Jenna's entire abdomen contracted with pleasure.
"Are you ready?" he asked her, asked the crowd.
"Yes," she moaned.
"Yesssss," they hissed.
Ben stepped off stage. He went back to the couch in his alcove, and sat down.
"Okay, Beautiful. Then roll over, and show everyone your gorgeous breasts."
Jenna rolled over on the cool silk, and her breasts settled on top of her chest, jiggling and swaying with natural weight. Her left leg was down, and her right leg was popped up at the knee. Her hands gently roaming her thighs, and torso, headed for those fantastic tits.
"That's right, " Ben said, his deep voice seemingly connected straight to her core, "take it slow. Find your right nipple, and give it a squeeze. "
She did.
"Now, palm it, while you use your other hand to squeeze your other nipple."
She did. And shuttered. "Ohhhh," she moaned.
"I want you to cum, just from playing with your nipples. Can you do that?" he asked.
Jenna nodded slowly and licked her lips. She heard a few claps from the audience.
"Okay, then, I want you to pinch one nipple, and rub the other. Switch -- pinch the other one. Now maul those tits like you want me to. And pinch. And palm..."
Jenna could hear him, in her ear and over the sound system, but she could also hear the throbbing beat, and the buzzing crowd. Her hands took over and without much conscious thought she continued to play with those gorgeous, huge, diamond hard nipples until...
Her back arched and she let out a loud moan.
"Oooohhhhh", she managed, her breathing ragged as her hips twitched. She lay on the bed, idly and gently caressing her breasts, and she heard appreciative murmurs and some applause from the crowd. She couldn't help but smile. That had been amazing. Ben had been right. This was who she was.
"Open your legs, Beautiful. Let everyone see how wet you are."
Jenna popped her left knee up, and then spread her feet as wide as they would go, pressing her pelvis upward.
"Damn, " she heard one woman say.
"You're such a dirty slut. You just love to fuck, don't you?" He asked.
"Yes," she whispered.
He smiled. She wasn't going to get off the hook that easy. "I want you to say it so everyone can hear you... Are you a dirty slut?"
"Yes," she said, loudly.
"Do you love to fuck?"
"Yes," she said, again loudly.
"Then show me...." He said.
She didn't need any further urging. She plunged her index and middle fingers inside her, and her back arched as she came in immediate contact with her g-spot.
"Ahhhh" she sighed.
She heard the entire crowd sigh. And it sent excitement through her.
She splayed her legs wide, so they could all see her wet, wanting pussy. She teased her outer lips, and then slid her fingers between her inner lips, finally pressing them inside her and pumping hard. Ahh, she felt it building inside her, those delicious tingles that led to...
"Take your fingers out now," Ben growled in her ear, and for everyone to hear. She did.
"Now, smack that pretty little clit of yours... "
Jenna raised her hand up, and brought it down hard and flat.
"Aaaahhhhh" she cried, as body twitched.
"Do it again, ' he commanded.
She complied, moaning at the pleasure/pain mix.
"Again!" he bellowed though the sound system.
She did, and let out a slight whimper. He loved watching her like this -- completely owning her sexual side. As he looked around the room, to the other alcoves, it was apparent everyone else did, too. Women sprawled spread eagle on their couches, hands furiously rubbing and pumping their cunts. Men with their pants down, slowly or quickly stroking their cocks. One couple who was fucking doggy style, her bent over the couch and him drilling her from behind, so they could both watch his lovely Jenna. Another couple -- her head thrown back, and his head between her legs -- he was obviously enjoying her enjoying watching.
Jenna's energy was contagious. Everyone in the room could feel the electric hum of her sensuality radiating from her.
"Are you ready to cum again, Gorgeous?" he purred, into everyone's ears.
She nodded her head and said, "Yes."
"Alright, " he said, "then start rubbing your clit. HARD!"
She did.... God, she needed to cum. She felt the building, and the building, until... she reached the crest of the wave and started to coast.
Ben saw her hand relax and immediately barked "Don't you dare stop!"
Jenna's head snapped back a little as she pressed down further... harder.... "Uhhhh.... Ohhhh... Oh Oh Oh OH OH OH OOOOOHHHHH" she moaned still rubbing. She pushed the pressure further and further. "Aaaahhhhhh..... aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh..... " Until finally her body completely froze and her breath stopped. If pheromones could be seen, she would have been putting on a fucking laser show.
Ben broke into a huge shit-eating grin. He loved her most when she looked like that -- freshly fucked and completely blissed out. He would let her and the audience bask in the moment. For a moment.
Jenna took a huge, deep breath and started to giggle. Her post-release norm, as endorphins flooded her entire body. Her tits jiggled as her body shook. It was a beautiful sight.
"How do you feel right now?" He asked.
Her hands drifted lightly over her creamy skin. "Mmmmm.... " she purred, "I feel fantastic."
"Gooooood. Now, let's make you feel better...."
Her hand darted quickly to her dripping wet cunt.
"Aaaahhhhh," she sighed, her fingers deep inside her.
"Find that pebbly ridge, " Ben said. "And start stroking it. Curl your fingers up against it, and rub them back and forth..."
He watched her back arch and her nipples harden as the fingers buried inside her obviously found their mark.
"That's good," he said smoothly, "Keep going. Slowly."
He could hear the collective moans of audience members, loving the experience of watching her.
"Okay," he said, "now take those sticky fingers and grab the dildo." He watched as her hands patted the table next to the bed, feeling for the rubber phallus on the table. Jenna grabbed it and waited for instruction. "Now, tease your clit with the head of that," Ben commanded. She did, the azure head pressing down gently onto her bright red hood.
"Now slide it inside your lips -- just the tip! Tease that perfect pussy with the head of that cock."
She did. Pressing the tip just inside her, and sliding it out. Her swollen pussy lips gripping around the tip of the cock. It was so fucking hot.
Jenna took it slow. She was in no hurry. She knew she would have a massive explosion next time, and she was willing to let it build. And from the appreciative murmurs she heard from the audience, they didn't seem to mind either.
"Okay Beautiful, now start sliding it further and further inside you," Ben said encouragingly.
She slid it slowly in, her slick cleft easily accepting its length. In, and out. And in, and out.
"All the way now," he said, loving the way she was responding to his commands. She slid the rubber cock deep inside her. Her back arched as she felt it fill her, as it hit all the way inside. She slid it all the way back out, and then all the way back in.
"You love how it feels, don't you?" Ben asked. She nodded. "You love feeling full of cock, don't you, you slut?"
"Yesssss" she hissed.
"Hold it inside you, and press the palm of your hand against your clit."
She sighed. God that felt good.
She started rubbing quicker, harder...
"Not so fast. Hands off the pretty pussy."
She did as she was told.
"Take those wet fingers, and drag them slowly up your torso. Find those plump, juicy breasts, and rub them. Circle those fingers around your nice hard nipples... and pinch them."
He knew she would do what he asked, and she would look spectacular doing it. Her hands slid up her torso, gently caressing her supple skin. Soon she was at the curve of her breasts, and she cupped them, slowly pinching her nipples between each thumb and index finger. Her body shook slightly as pleasure rippled through her.
"Aaahhhhhhh....." Jenna moaned.
"Now, slide that toy out, and tease your clit with it."
She did, pressing the head of the cock against and around her clit. "Mmmmmm...." She moaned.
Ben wanted to watch her explode, wanted everyone in that room feel she shockwaves, and he knew just how to make it happen.
"Now, roll over onto your stomach, and place that cock under you, so you can grind your hips into the bed, and grind your pussy onto that cock."
She did exactly as he asked.
"Keep your legs spread wide, so we can appreciate your glorious ass, and watch your tight little cunt rub against that toy."
Jenna spread her legs wide, and began circling her hips. The head of the dildo was resting just against her pussy, and it felt amazing. She bounced a little, enjoying the feeling of it smacking against her. At the same time, her nipples were rubbing against the silk sheet, sending tingles throughout her entire body.
Ben's deep voice calmly continued. "Now, grab that vibrator off the table and turn it on. And put it underneath you, right against your clit. And rub."
She obediently followed his instructions. Immediately her body started to twitch.
"Rub it! Harder" he insisted.
Her hips bucked.
"Keep going, press it harder..." he urged.
Her fingers curled around the sheet, as she desperately clung to it.
Her head was turned to the side, and she was moaning uncontrollable.
"Uuhhhhh.... " she cried. "Ahhhh...." The sounds weren't just coming from the back of her throat, they were coming from deep inside of her.
"Ohhhhh..... Goooodddd!!!!" she cried.
Her hips still bouncing up and down against the cock, the vibrator pressed down mercilessly on her clit.
"Ooohhhhh..... aaaaaa...... AAAAAAhhhhhhHHHHHHHH!" Jenna had lost any semblance of control over her vocalizations, and she was hitting octaves usually reserved for opera singers. Her arms and legs completely locked up while her torso convulsed slightly. She was entirely gone. And the audience roared.
Breathless, panting, she struggled to get enough air. Her body was weightless and tingly, and although she was blindfolded, she would have sworn she saw stars.
As her breath became more and more controlled, she could hear the grunts and moans of the audience. She could feel Ben's hands on her, stroking her hair.
"That was amazing, Goddess," he whispered into her ear. He'd pressed the mute button on the microphone, so only she could hear. "Come here, Beautiful."
She rolled onto her side, and slid to the edge of the bed. He draped the robe around her shoulders, and helped her to her feet.
"Do you want to see what you did?" he asked her softly.
"Yes," she said, nodding.
He removed the blindfold, and she blinked a couple of times, adjusting to the light. The spotlight over the bed had dimmed, so she could see into all the alcoves, and she was amazed... a number of solo women and men lay on their couches or chairs, completely spent and looking dazed. She didn't know there would be so many couples -- but about 1/3 of the spaces had 2 -- or maybe 3 -- people. There were probably 60 people there! And most of the couples were still going at it -- she could hear and see some ass smacking, hair pulling, deep-throating, and face riding. She couldn't help but smile -- it was terribly empowering, standing in the center of this frenzy of fucking. "That's you, baby. They're out of their minds turned-on because of YOU." Ben said, grabbing her hand. They slowly walked off stage, into their own alcove.
He closed the drape, as she snaked her arms around him, pressing her breasts into his back.
"And you?" she asked in his ear. "Are you out-of-your-mind?"
He turned around quickly in her arms, kissing her fiercely. Her hands went to work, quickly dropping his pants and peeling off his shirt.
"Since the day I met you," he mumbled, as he bit and sucked her mouth. He pushed the robe off her shoulders, and pushed her back onto their couch. "I'm going to show you how fucking turned on I am, " he growled, slamming his rock-hard cock insider her.
"Aaaahhh" she smiled, wrapping her legs around his waist as he pumped into her furiously.
"It felt really great out there," she said, breathlessly, "But nothing feels better than when you're inside me."
He scooped one hand under her ass, to hold her as he pummeled into her. Sucking her earlobes, biting her neck, his hips slamming into hers, he had gone completely animalistic. And she loved it.
"Yes, " she cried, "Yes!" Their bodies slapped lewdly together. With each thrust, his groin made contact with hers, slapping against her hyper-sensitive clit, sending little electric shocks through her. She was dizzy from the intensity, from the completely raw lust he had for her.
"Are you going to cum again for me?" he growled.
"Yeesssss" she hissed, grinding her hips down against him.
He pulled her up, and then pushed her over the back of the couch. He grabbed her hips and slid his entire length into her.
"Aaahhh!!!" she moaned, her back arching.
"Yes, yes, yes!" she cried, as he began banging her from behind.
"I'm gonna cum so hard" he said, pulling her hair. "Just like I want you to do."
With that he began rubbing her clit while thrusting into her. He could feel her body beginning to tense, which he was grateful for. He knew he wouldn't last much longer. She had been so incredibly hot onstage. It had been amazing, coaching her through that experience, watching the audience get worked into a complete fuck-frenzy. And now he was going to empty his balls deep inside her. His hips jerked as he filled her cunt with cum, her pussy clamped tight around his cock. They collapsed over the back of the couch, gasping for air.
"Holy shit!" he said, panting. "I don't think I've ever been so turned on!"
Jenna giggled softly, still panting. "That was amazing." She cooed. "This whole night was amazing. Thank you..."
Ben chuckled.
"No thanks necessary, Beautiful. It was all you."