Part 3, Secrets and Promises
~o~
Sitting at the kitchen bar sipping her first taste of coffee this morning, anticipating the new day's sunrise, Jane realized that she had willingly been nude for two days; she was beginning to understand her husband's constant desire to go without clothes. She was still undecided on how to approach her recent behavior with him and Jeannie.
Jeannie walked in and smiled. "You look great naked; I love to see you shaved down there. I don't think I will ever let my pubic hair grow again!" She filled her cup and sat beside her as the sun peaked above the horizon.
"Thank you, I agree; it feels great and looks even better. I feel so young and fresh being shaved, not to mention the exhilaration I felt during the process. Having someone shave you feels amazing."
Somewhat excited about revealing her newly shaved self and her nakedness to her husband, she was still anxious about her bold, brazen act, displaying herself to the store clerks and pleasuring herself in front of their very eyes, along with letting a stranger masturbate her in public in front of her daughter. The overwhelming excitement from the haphazard behavior she had allowed yesterday was very much on her mind this morning.
"Jeannie, I feel guilty about yesterday's behavior, letting myself be manipulated by you and those boys. I don't understand what came over me. Once my body revved, I found it extremely difficult to stop; a feeling of such magnitude invites strange hands to possess your sexuality."
"I know how you felt; it is tough to resist! The sensation of allowing others to pleasure your body is just too much to ignore. I never knew such pleasure even existed. We will keep this just between us girls."
"Thank you; I am feeling guilty enough as it is."
Jane's upbringing had been very regimented. Her path through life had never had contact with anything to do with nudism until she married Bron. This anomalous behavior clouded her reasoning; she could not stop thinking about it.
She had been adamantly against his nudity around the house for the past year, but now that her daughter had shown the same desires, she had much to reconsider. As she studied Jeannie's young growing body, her recent actions reminded her that she would find her nude in front of him, and he would be most happy strolling around naked in front of both of them.
How is this going to work? How had this happened? How did I let this happen? she wondered. Jane knew Bron had corrupted Jeannie; she did not know how it happened or how far it had progressed.
~o~
"My god, Jeannie, I am becoming obsessed with this! I admit I was overtaken by being naked in front of others. I never realized how powerful this type of behavior could be. I imagine Bron gets the same feeling; for that matter, I assume you do too."
"Yes, it's over the moon; I have never known such pleasure could come from being naked. The feeling of exhibiting myself to others is amazing, especially in places where one is not expected to be naked."
The sight of her mother's nipples hardening reaffirmed her sentiment. No longer worrying about being nude in front of her pleased her; her excitement rose as she recalled her first day at the beach. As much as she liked having herself tended to by others, she was becoming uneasy about her mother finding out that she had allowed Mr. Bron to pleasure her and that she had handled his penis. For the last several nights, she brought herself to orgasm as she reminisced about giving her virginity to her stepfather, an event she must keep from her mom.
"Jeannie, I forgot to check the mail yesterday. Will you go and check for any?"
"Of course." Without hesitation, she rose, headed for the door, and walked to the mailbox near the curb. Opening the box, she realized that she had nothing on. Jane suddenly grasped what was happening and rushed to the door to remind her, but it was too late; she was already on the street.
Realizing she was standing in the street with nothing on, she peered around to see if she had been spotted, smiled, and scurried back.
"What is this feeling? Why am I getting excited seeing my daughter nude where she is not supposed to be?" Chills rushed towards her groin instantly as several ideas ran through her mind watching her stroll back to the house. The thoughts of exposing herself in plain sight of her neighbors were titillating.
"Mom, I just had chills when I realized I was naked in the street!"
"I know; I had the same sensation just watching you!"
"Let's go for a walk somewhere; my body is begging to be naked outside."
"You mean you want to go walking naked? In town?"
"Well, sort of.... maybe we should wear something."
"Bron has several sports jerseys." Jane loved the possibility of displaying herself again in public; the exhibitionist awakening inside her sent an inquisitive smile to her blushing cheeks as she recalled yesterday's brazen activity at the beach.
"Yes, I think the jerseys will work just fine."
"The high school track is just four blocks; it's an excellent place for a walk. Most people will still be asleep this early Sunday; we will likely be the only ones there."
Both finished their last sip of coffee, slipped on their walking shoes, and started to pull their jerseys on.
"Jeannie, shall we drive over?"
"I am feeling mighty brave this morning. I want to walk over." She picked up her jersey, rolled it up, and hung it over her shoulder like a rag.
"You're not going to wear the jersey to walk?"
"I'll keep it handy just in case I need to cover up."
Jane brazenly rolled hers up and followed. Both peered from the front door finding their route clear. Reaching the street, they paused again to survey the situation; no one was in sight. Their bare bottoms tingled with excitement as they stepped away from the security of their home; the sun was beginning to warm their bare skin.
"The cool air rushing between my legs feels amazing. I wonder what our neighbors would think if they spotted us walking down the street like this?"
"I'm not sure, but walking like this in front of their houses is very exciting and daring."
Jane's confidence grew, walking bare four blocks directly in front of snoozing neighbors, crossing three intersections on the sidewalks just feet away from their front doors. Both were excitedly moist when they arrived at the track; they had not needed to cover once. The first and second laps passed uneventfully as they completed their first half-mile.
"Jeannie, this is wonderful; the sun feels so good on my body this morning."
"I agree; the warmth feels wonderful on my bare skin."
Jeannie turned, walked over near the bleachers, and tossed her jersey into one of the stadium seats as they started their third quarter-mile lap.
"I'm feeling bold. Let's go without the shirts."
"I agree. This is crazy; let's go!" as she boldly tossed hers.
Jane was excited; her boldness took charge of her rationality as they walked away from their discarded covers; her core quivered with excitement as the cool morning air rushed over her breasts and bareness.
"Jeannie, I am about to explode; I am so excited! Being naked outside certainly agrees with my body."
"I feel the same way. I told you it was awe-inspiring. I love being able to share this."
"Yes, it is really great to be close to my daughter and share our secrets."
Completing multiple laps around the track was overwhelming to both of them. When they finished the third, both agreed that another was needed.
Halfway around the fourth lap, they froze and crouched, not knowing what to do when a vehicle pulled up, stopping near the gate. Four men, appearing in their twenties, jumped out and ran toward the track in running attire.
"What should we do?" Jane was stunned as she watched the newcomers dash around the track, stopping exactly where they had discarded their jerseys. In the bleacher seats, their security covers were over a hundred yards away, halfway around the track. They were overtaken with anxiety and excitement.
Who left their shirts here? I did not see anyone as we jogged up. They must belong to those guys.
Stupefied, they slowly rose as adrenaline pumped through their veins. Their hearts were about to pop out of their chests. Being vulnerable had become a reality; they had no options; they were nude with nothing to cover with.
Are they naked? The other three men stopped talking and turned to view the oddity.
That's not men! Those are women---- naked women!
A warm feeling overcame her as she grabbed her mother's hand and pulled her forward, continuing toward their destiny. Time had slipped away from them; it was now nearly eight o'clock, and four men were waiting at their destination.
Those ladies are naked. All four stood in disbelief, watching them proceed around the track. As they came into focus, each man instantly hardened with anticipation as they observed what appeared to be a teen and a middle-aged lady nude!
They are...... shaved!
"Getting caught by surprise is even more exhilarating than I imagined." Jeannie was shivering with excitement.
Shaking with exhilaration, Jane had never felt so daring; she was ready to display herself to the newcomers. "My hormones are going crazy; I can hardly walk. I desperately want them to see me naked and shaved."
Jeannie gripped her mother's hand tightly as their hormones surged. Both were moist and filled with anxiety anticipating the inevitable. Adrenaline rushed to every pore in their skin. With each step closer, their hearts pumped harder, filling their sex organs with energy. The men stared in amazement, watching the ladies walking towards them, holding hands.
"Jeannie, what should we do?
"We will walk up normally, grab our jerseys and continue on our journey."
"NORMALLY?"
A few steps away, about to burst at the seams, Jeannie released her hand and stopped to address their audience. Jane boldly stood there, proudly displaying her bareness, shivering with euphoria.
"Nice day for a walk, isn't it?" Walking past them to retrieve their jerseys, she turned around, walked back, and handed Jane hers.
Would you girls mind if we joined you walking? Each man was enamored with the beautiful females wearing only shoes; their excitement became quickly visible beneath their thin jogging shorts.
Jeannie casually looked over at her quivering mother, raising an eyebrow, sporting a wicked smile as if to ask her thoughts; both looked at each man, knowing the exhibitionist in them secretly wanted to stay naked.
"Not at all." She handed her jersey to one of them; "We won't need these, will we?"
Jane immediately threw hers to one of the other men.
They turned and started walking, seemingly unaffected, attempting to quell the impending explosion deep inside them. Every step pumped more epinephrine as they quivered with exhilaration. Neither had ever been so excited or nervous; this exhibitionist behavior consumed every bit of their souls.
The men ran up beside them in a flash, still in awe of the most curious circumstances. Not a single one could speak as they scrutinized the subtle wiggles of the ladies' rears just inches away. Within a few steps, the overwhelming thrill of being surprised naked finally overtook Jane as she grabbed one of the men's arms to steady herself.
Are you ok? he asked as she withered to a stop. She looked him in the eye, took his hand, placed it on her bare pussy, and squeezed it.
"Rub me here." The touch of his hand on her pulsing organ ignited her, releasing her energy.
Jeannie held on to the next man's arms as she witnessed her mother succumb to the carnal pleasure.
Touching herself with a finger, she instantly released her store. Her mother's ecstasy was gently being coaxed to life as she closed her eyes, continually moaning with pleasure as multiple hands attended to her newfound proclivity.
Witnessing an eighteen-year-old holding his arm pleasuring herself, he released his shorts, grabbed his penis, and started stroking frantically. She wrapped her hand around him, triggering his spray to fly everywhere.
Jeannie shook with delight, holding him tightly while imposing him down on his back. Standing over him, she lowered herself slowly to her bottom. Having a warm stiff man inside her for the second time felt remarkable. Attempting to extinguish the raging hormone battle inside her, she pounded up and down feverously, pulling his shirt and screaming with pleasure.
Jane was quickly surrounded by the other pair with their studs in hand, offering themselves to the elder nymph. She took each in hand and began stroking. Within seconds each had depleted their supply. Sounds of whimpers from Jeannie slapping up and down on the nearby man were becoming strangely inviting. Jane rose, holding on to the two spent men, turned around, and offered her swollen baldness to the nice man behind her.
She felt the hard warm fullness she sought as he entered her from behind. The excitement of the strange accomplice brought on a final gush of warmth as she shuddered inexhaustibly and collapsed.
~o~
After ten minutes, Jane and Jeannie regained enough strength to retrieve their jerseys. Desperate to enjoy every second of this remarkable moment, the four men followed step by step behind them.
"I think we should be heading back now; guys, thanks for assisting us."
Do you girls walk every Sunday?
Jeannie called back to the men as they donned their jerseys and casually walked away. "Not really, but maybe we will see you another day!"
"Oh my god, mom, I can hardly walk; my legs are so weak."
"Give me your arm; I can hardly walk either. My legs feel like rubber. My heart is about to pop out of my chest! I can't decide whether I am ashamed, embarrassed, or excited. I never meant for that to happen. Did we do that?"
"I'm afraid we did. I could not stop. I was so horny that I lost my sanity, threw that man down, and forced myself on him. I had to see what he felt like inside me. Was I wrong?"
"I know exactly how you feel. My sanity has been absent for days now. I was overcome with the adrenaline rush; my body wanted it. I have never had orgasms like that, ever."
"Bron can never know about this; my conduct is becoming inappropriate. I desperately wanted that man inside me, right in front of you and the others. I don't understand what is happening to me; I can't believe how far I have taken this behavior. Am I becoming an exhibitionist?"
"I agree; it is genuinely overpowering. I felt the very same as my hormones kicked in."
"Well, you are old enough to understand that a hard man inside of you cannot be easily duplicated by other means; it is one of nature's true blessings. One side of my brain says it is wrong, but the other finds the ecstasy incredibly irresistible. Jeannie, we have to talk about this- Bron can never know any of this; promise me you understand!"
"I promise. We should keep some things between us girls; this will be our secret."
"It's nice to be able to share things with my daughter. I would have never experienced this if you had not stopped by to visit. I can't believe I have lived most of my life without experiencing ecstasy like that. I hope you are protecting yourself."
"Yes, I use protection. I would not have known about it if I had not seen Mr. Bron naked in the kitchen."
"He was showing himself to you?"
"Not really. He apologized immediately when I walked in unannounced. I asked him why he was naked. He said he was always naked in the house while you were away but did not expect me to be up so early. He asked if it bothered me. I was so mesmerized by the occasion that I told him it was OK if he was naked; after all, it was his house. He was the first man I had seen truly naked. He was so nice about it; he never made me uncomfortable. Seeing him naked most of the day was no big deal; it almost became routine. The more I thought about it, the more I wondered what it felt like; I eventually chose to try it on my own and loved it! I must admit, mother, we should thank him for introducing us to nudity."
"Two days ago, I would have been furious about this. I suspected he had corrupted you. I must reconsider the entire situation seriously; my body has never felt so excited and gratified."
Hello Jane, you girls are sure out early this morning.
"Hi, Mrs. White; we decided to take an early morning walk."
You sure are daring; it looks like you don't have any shorts on. You might attract a lot of unwanted attention dressed like that.
"Oh, you are probably right. We will have to wear longer walking shorts next time. Have a nice day."
"She would have stroked out if she had seen us earlier."
"It sure was exciting!"
~o~
"What do we want to make for dinner this evening? I can't wait to see the look on Bron's face when he discovers us nude."
"Me too; I know he will be excited, especially when we tell him about the trip we want to take! He likes meat; let's grill steaks."
"That sounds like a great plan; I must go to the market."
"Why don't you go wearing just the jersey? You will be overwhelmed with excitement knowing you are naked underneath it, shopping right alongside others. Be careful bending over; it just barely covers you!"
"I don't know about that; it sounds a bit risky. It is tempting, though." A twinge of excitement trickled as the idea raced through her mind.
"It does look rather short to be in the market. Maybe I should slip on a pair of shorts."
"It will destroy the excitement of wearing just the shirt and nothing else."
"Well, it does cover my rear, barely! The more I think about it, the more I want to be bold and daring, so I will go as I am!"
"You will love it, mother. Be sure to bend over a time or two! I will clean things up in the kitchen and start preparing the other items."
Jane studied her reflection in the long mirror behind the front door. The jersey did not give up any indication of her bareness beneath; it did highlight most of her thighs, something she would have never considered three days ago. She bent over a time or two to experiment; she would need to be careful. After this morning's vigorous activity, her confidence grew; the exhibitionist in her was awakening again as she walked out towards the car.
"I did not realize there was this much wind today," as the shirt blew up, she felt excited as the breeze rushed through her legs, exposing her softness.
Arriving at the market, she found the parking lot was nearly full. It was going to be a challenge to walk that far in the breeze, and it was. Jane struggled to keep the shirt down as she walked up to the last cart storage area; she stopped and grabbed one.
With both hands steering the cart, she walked across the main drive as the wind sailed the shirt up to her naval. Jane smiled with excitement, knowing she was exposed. She boldly entered the store as it fell back into place.
Walking down the aisle toward the meat counter, it was evident that others were noticing her, most of her. She felt brazen walking through the crowded store; It was exciting knowing her bareness was mere inches from being discovered.
At the meat counter, several admirers stood behind her, patiently waiting to discover exactly what was beneath that shirt. The absence of any visible shorts intrigued them. The voyeur in them demanded they wait and see.
"I would like three ribeyes, please, one inch thick." The butcher gladly cut them. After wrapping them, he passed the package over the counter to her. As she reached up to grab it, she felt the cool indoor air rush between her bare legs as her shirt rose midway up her cheeks. Knowing she was flashing the men behind her, she leaned down, placing the package into the cart and ensuring her shaved area was fully displayed. A wave of exhilaration shook her; flashing people was beyond belief. Being the center of attention was becoming quite powerful, sending chills through her as she noticed how many shoppers scrutinized her barely-there outfit.
She honored her exhibitionist self once more as she leaned down again, placing the checked bag into her cart, turning, and smiling as she exited. The excitement overwhelmed her senses as she continued pushing the shopping cart, using it as a guise, waiting for the breeze to take over, and it did, keeping her bareness exposed all the way to her car.
"Jeannie, that was amazing flashing people in the market. I am seriously considering discarding all of my underwear."
"I hoped you would like it. It was electrifying when I went to the market in my tube dress."
"Bron will be home soon; let's get started on the meal, and we should put his jerseys back; we won't need any clothes for this!"
~o~
Turning into the drive, Bron noticed smoke rising from the grill. "The girls must be grilling tonight." He exited his truck and walked over to inspect. The grill was still warming up, so he turned and went inside.
"I'm home! What's for dinner?"
Jane answered from the kitchen, "we are in here preparing the steaks." Bron tossed his bag down, went to the kitchen door, and stopped immediately, stunned and speechless, staring at his wife and stepdaughter, both stark-naked.... and.... shaved.
"Hi, honey; we're glad you are home. How was work?"
"Hi, Mr. Bron; we are almost ready to cook the steaks."
"Jeannie, get your stepfather a beer while I go out and cook the steaks."
He gazed, perplexed, as she walked up, kissed him on the cheek, and left with the meat pan- naked.
"Here you go, Mr. Bron, a nice cold beer."
"What has happened? She is nude! You both have shaved your secret places?"
"She caught me sunning nude by the pool last week. It took her some time to understand why I was naked, and she questioned me for hours. After watching me sunning outside the next day, she decided to try it. I took her to the South Hiking Trail, and she walked nude with me the entire trail! We also went to Wills Point right after we shaved each other; she loved the beach. She was very popular there! She even let some guys oil her; I did too!"
"You shaved each....other? She was nude at the beach....shaved. She let someone oil her body!"
"Yes, the entire afternoon. We met Glen and Sue walking the nature trail; they were nudists. Sue was shaved. We liked it so much we decided to shave."
"I can't believe what I am hearing. Does she know about...... that we?"
"Absolutely not; that is just between us, as I promised. I missed you. We have something to discuss after dinner. I hope you will be interested. I am so happy you are back."
His brain was spinning, totally confused about how this could have happened, worried about the upcoming discussion. His wife, naked at the beach? His wife, shaved? His stepdaughter shaved? His wife, cooking outside naked? Does she enjoy having someone oil her naked body?
"Please, take your beer and get undressed; you don't want to be the only one with clothes on, do you?"
"I think I will grab another."
When he returned, the girls were setting the table.
"I am sorry, but this is all so overwhelming," He stood there a little embarrassed, hard in front of them, not knowing how they would react, opened another beer and guzzled it entirely.
"I don't believe I have ever seen you so excited to eat, dear."
Bron could hardly comprehend this puzzling occasion, sitting across from his naked wife. He had never known her to be outside of their bedroom nude. On the other side was his stepdaughter; her young, growing breasts were staring right at him, and they both acted as if this was normal. He was stumped and at a complete loss for words.
"You sure are quiet tonight."
"I—am shocked but excited that both of you are naked. That----we are all naked."
"It's what you wanted, wasn't it?"
"Well......uh.....yes."
"We decided it would be best to join you since you are so determined to be naked all the time. I hope you are ready for us to be naked with you; it will require much understanding. Jeannie and I must admit, it's hard to ignore the exhilaration of being nude in front of others."
"Uh, --I--... Others?"
"I must admit, honey, I was very much against your behavior until I realized Jeannie had been corrupted by it. It took some time to recognize, but after spending time with her, I now grasp the allure much better. You enjoy being naked, so we are willing to be naked and enjoy all that comes with it. That being said, Jeannie and I have a proposal to offer you."
He stared at the wall, mortified, nervous as a scared cat, not knowing what was fixing to happen.
"Yes, Mr. Bron, look at this brochure that I ran across; a two-week sailing trip in the Caribbean for nudists. We can be naked together for two weeks! There are shore excursions and resorts to visit. No clothes are allowed on the boat. What do you think?"
"Just us?"
"No, there will be others; the boat accommodates thirty guests."
"I am amazed that you would be willing to do this. It sounds like an exciting adventure. How could I refuse two ladies who want to be naked with me!"
"Great, we were hoping you would want to go; our reservations are scheduled for next week; you must adjust your work schedule. Jeannie has arranged to make up her classwork when we return."
Jeannie left them alone to discuss the offer privately while she cleaned the kitchen.
"I am stunned and excited you agree to be naked with me.....and Jeannie, I know how against this you were. It is nice that we can do something together as a family."
"Well, this trip should be a great icebreaker. We will find out how you feel seeing me, all of me, exposed in front of others. Bron, you behave yourself with my daughter; she is young and easily influenced. I will need your help to oversee her on this trip, especially being nude!" His penis instantly rose to attention upon hearing her request.
"I see you are getting excited about this; come here!" Jane led him to their room, pushed him onto the bed, and climbed on as she reminded him who was really in charge. She lowered herself quickly, rocking as she pleasured her husband. He loved the sensation of her smoothness surrounding him and whimpered with joy as he answered her invitation.
~o~
Jeannie was almost finished cleaning the dishes when they returned, both smiling and quite flushed.
"Sweetheart, there is one more thing we want to know." Jeannie looked up, quite puzzled, as did he, anticipating the next question.
"How do you like me shaved?" as she brazenly reached down with a hand gently stroking herself.
Taking a deep breath, he gladly answered, "I...... think it is amazing to see every bit of you, clean as a whistle. It makes you look younger; I love it!"
"That's good to hear; I like the sensation of being shaved. I feel some stubble here; I want you to shave me!"
"Me.........now?"
"Yes, there is nothing here that we haven't seen, is there?"
"Well,.... No. I guess not."
Jane was way ahead of him; she already had the supplies ready.
"Let's go out by the pool so I can use the lounge chair to lie on. We can enjoy the late afternoon sun together. Jeannie, you can join us."
Bron hardened again as he and Jeannie followed Jane to the pool. Neither could believe the words that they had just heard. Her brashness was shocking to them. He sat and took a handful of the cream, slathering her mound. He had never been so excited, being asked to shave his wife's pussy.
Every stroke was precise, removing the two-day-old stubble that had regrown. She was proud of her audacity, demanding herself shaved by her husband as her daughter watched. Deep inside, she wanted him to see how comfortable she had become, allowing herself to be touched in the company of others. She reached down to confirm the removal of her stubble.
"You have done a marvelous job. From now on, you will be responsible for keeping me smooth. I feel like a swim......... I imagine Jeannie wants to be next."
Jeannie was flabbergasted, knowing her mother had just permitted Mr. Bron to shave her secret spot, something she had dreamed about. She was giddy as she hopped up to accept the offer. The sensation of being shaved by her stepfather in front of her mother overwhelmed her hormones.
Covering the nubile teen with shaving cream caused him to grow harder; he knew this spot well, oiling it two weeks ago. The touch of his hand on her instantly released her drive.
Jane watched closely from the pool as Jeannie whimpered and squirmed with delight, smiling with approval, knowing she was experiencing the ultimate pleasure of being touched in front of others. She knew exactly what that felt like.
Bron kept his warm hand in place as she wriggled, waiting patiently. Looking over at Jane as if to question if this was OK, she smiled and nodded, so he resumed shaving her. It was overwhelming and exhilarating for him to shave his stepdaughter with proper approval.
"I need to cool off in the pool Mr. Bron." She was so happy to experience this without guilt in front of her mom.
"I will join you," as he jumped in right behind her, attempting to conceal his ongoing hardness.
"I'm pretty sure Jeannie will want you to be in charge of shaving her too."
"Oh, yes, Mr. Bron, I do." He was still not quite sure this was happening, but they were all in the pool naked, discussing their new adventure!
"What do we bring on the trip? Do we need any clothes at all?"
"The website recommended personal toiletries, a beach towel or two, sandals or flip-flops, a hat for outdoors, sunshades, and lots of sunscreens. It also said; space is minimal on board, so your clothing would be stored at their office until you return."
"It seems we only need the clothes on our backs to get there."
"It does seem nice not to worry about whether anything matches, your swimsuit fits you, or bother with makeup.... Ponytails and flip-flops to the rescue!"
"I can't wait to go. I am so glad you girls have found such an exciting adventure, something I hope all of us will enjoy."
"This will be an adventure we will always remember."
~o~
"Hurry up, Jeannie; we will be late leaving."
"Bron, grab my bag."
"I can't believe we are really doing this."
The drive to Port St. Lucie, on the eastern Florida coast, would take them eight hours; it passed quickly as they motored along, wondering about all the new things they would discover.
Jeannie was the first to spot the tall masts of the boats in the harbor. The instructions led them to the main office, about two miles from the docks, on a side street adjacent to the parking area. It was a busy place; people were moving about everywhere.
Inside, among the crowd, they found the sign-in desk and a large meeting room.
Please sign in here. The pre-boarding meeting and instructions are in half an hour here.
"Where should we put our bags?"
Make sure your names are on them. Leave them over there.
Jane looked around, observing the wide variety of guests signing up. She was amazed that there were even young families here and how friendly most were, introducing themselves and asking where we were from.
"I never knew so many people wanted to be naked."
Let's get started, everyone. Good afternoon; my name is Captain Dave. Welcome to Caribbean Adventures. To ensure you understand what you have signed up for, I want to remind you that this excursion is for nudists only. If you have made an error, speak up now.
OK, then, let's go over our rules. This excursion is not clothing optional; everyone is required to be nude for the entire voyage. You may only bring personal items, which may include towels. I hope you have packed plenty of sunscreens. Please remove any clothing items that are packed in your bags. In a while, you will be asked to undress and leave your clothes here. They will be returned here at the end of the voyage. We will transport you to the ship in our van. Any questions?
Ok, let's talk about the accommodations. Old sailing ships are small. Bunking is limited and needs to be shared, like a communal atmosphere. There are hammocks on the deck; you are welcome to sleep in them at night. Our goal is to provide you with a clothes-free friendly sailing adventure. The crew and I will be the only ones wearing anything, usually just shorts; that's how you will know who the crew is and who a guest is. Any questions?
OK, during the voyage, we will be making several stops, all of which are nudist-friendly. Tomorrow, our first will stop will be in Key West. This is Fantasy Fest week. There will be thousands of revelers up and down Duval Street, parades, body painting, and many different contests. Most visitors are not nudists but have come to enjoy the festival's activities. You can walk the streets, eat in restaurants, and go shopping naked during the festival—a great place to mingle and visit with many folks from around the country. We will stay in port all night so you can enjoy late-night activities.
Bron, Jane, and Jeannie were smiling at each other, thinking of the possibilities awaiting them.
"We can have our bodies painted? Sounds exciting."
Days two and three will be open ocean sailing days as we head to Pleasure Island, our private resort. We will be here for several days so you can enjoy the serenity and pleasures of the Caribbean in peace. All of the personnel of the island will join you nude. You should consider a private session with one of our expert masseuses. Anything goes with the overnight package!
Jeannie looked puzzled as she looked at her mother. "Anything goes?"
Several days of open-ocean sailing after that will bring us to our next stop, Desire Pearl, Riviera Maya, Cancun, Mexico. A place where inhibitions do not exist. This private resort offers and encourages adult erotic activities, even offering an adult playroom. Usually, for just couples, they make special arrangements for our guests. You are encouraged to explore yourselves and each other there! It is the ultimate nudist destination in the Caribbean.
Jane smiled as she considered all of the possibilities.
Are there any questions? If not, we ask for all to undress and place your clothing in the bag provided with your name. We will then drive you to the ship a few miles away. We can only take eight at a time, so the rest of you relax and get to know each other. You are now officially on vacation. Enjoy a Maiti, Margarita, or your favorite beverage as we load. Your personal items will be transported to the ship by crew members.
"I hope this is what you wanted, dear, having me nude." Jane stood up and removed her sundress, exuberant to be seen by all. Bron smiled joyfully as he and Jeannie followed along with the twenty-seven others.
"Yes, being naked with so many for weeks in the tropics will be exhilarating."
Standing proudly stark-naked, observing the rest of the group strip, contemplating the forthcoming voyage, Jane's life started down a new path, a bold path, something she intended to explore and enjoy to the fullest.
"It is thrilling. Remember, Bron. I depend on you to give a hand with Jeannie; she is very young for all of this! You keep her close to you."
"Mom, I will be fine; I feel comfortable with Mr. Bron; I will stay close to him, I promise."
"I hope so!"
"Bron, get us a drink while we wait for the van."