This is actually part of the first story I wrote. The chapters should be read in order in order to make sense. There are 11 chapters (so far) and they contain many themes of group sex, loving wives, incest, and exhibitionism. I will try to put them in the right categories.
You will notice that some of the chapters are almost duplicates of stories I've already published. That's because those stories were taken out of this one and edited to be stand alone pieces. They are:
Becoming a slut at my summer jobBecoming a hot momA girl needs comfortWatching the pool partyFriends and family miss the playoffs.
In this context they are part of a larger narrative. Here those stories are longer and contain other topics as well. Enjoy.
*****
Tuesday
I woke up early. I was feeling good. I really liked watching mom last night. I admit it was hot and fun. The last 11 days had been wild but it seems I was accepting it. In fact, I was embracing my new life. Everywhere I looked was a new person to fuck. I could not believe the power fucking gave me over people.
I headed into work early. I had real stuff to get done. Tom, Bill, Jimmy, and Julie were there. She and I were dressed pretty slutty. We both got lots of stares and compliments. The boss came in. I had not spoken to him since that day in his office.
He came over to my desk.
"Tina, good to see you, you look beautiful. How has the office been treating you."
We made some polite small talk. He seemed appropriately contrite. I started to lighten up on him. He said his wife wanted to have me over sometime. I said I'd see what I could do. I wanted to talk to Julie first and see what she thought.
We were all there except Amanda. About 10 minutes later Amanda walked in. Everyone in the office turned. She was wearing a dress that buttoned down the front. Only one button was buttoned. I called her to my desk and told her to go wait for me in the conference room.
She went. I then told everyone else to meet me in the conference room. They all came in looking at Amanda. She just stood there exposed and looking at the floor.
They looked at me with a "what's going on" face. All except Julie. She was smiling.
I said to everyone, "I have a treat for all of you."
Eyes went back and forth between me and Amanda.
"Amanda, what did we decide yesterday."
"She looked at the ground and said, "That every guy in this office could fuck me."
They all looked shocked. I explained that Amanda had seen us Saturday.
My boss, who was not there Saturday, asked, "Saturday?"
I said I'd tell him later. I went on. "What's important is that she wanted to join us but was afraid. So we decided yesterday she was going to get her own special treatment and fuck all of you. She's going to be the office fuck toy for a month. When she gets here, her pussy will be exposed every day and open to anyone who wants it. Right Amanda?
Amanda nodded.
"Tell them," I said.
Amanda looked up. "I want to be the office fucktoy. Please, I want to fuck all of you today, now."
I reached over, unbuttoned the button on her dress, and let it fall to the floor.
"Get on your knees slut," I commanded
She got on her knees. I took Julie by the hand and we walked out of the conference room. As we did we heard zippers.
Julie and I had work to do. Every once in awhile we'd walk past the conference room and look in. It was rare that we didn't see 2 cocks in her and we could tell she had cum on her. It was fun to walk by and see a different combination each time. But, more fun was to see the huge smile on Amanda's face. Well, a big smile and cum. Each time I'd snap some pics.
About two hours later she came out naked. She was a mess. Cum on her face. Cum on her tits. Cum dripping down her legs. She walked over to me and with a huge smile on her face kissed me.
"Thank you," she said.
Now I had cum on my face. Not that I minded, I liked the feel, but we needed to clean up and get some work done. I took her hand and walked her to the restroom. All the way she gushed at me.
"God, that was amazing. I've never felt so free in my life. I feel like such a slut. I am a slut. I love being a slut. Do you think I made them happy? Do you think I was a good fuck?
I kissed her. It was dirty sweet because her face had cum all over it. I assured her, that from what I saw, she was great. We started getting her cleaned up. When we got done in the bathroom I helped her with her dress. As she walked to her desk she looked shyly at each guy she passed. Each smiled at her and gave her a compliment.
"Oh my god, you were great"
"You're so beautiful/sexy/sweet."
She loved them and went back to her desk smiling. Throughout the day one of the guys would go in her office and fuck her or get a blow job. She sent me a message.
"Oh my god. What an amazing day. Thank you so much. I love you."
The day continued like that. It was fun to see her so happy. I messaged Dave and told him about today and last night. I sent him all the pics I'd taken.
He replied, "Good girl." I loved it.
During the day I got texts from both Cathy and Ginger.
When I got home I hit Ginger up first.
"Hi." I texted.
"We've created monsters!"
"Why, what happened?"
"Well, first of all it seems that a 18 year old can stay hard all the time."
Youth, I thought.
Then she went on.
"After you left, Ricky asked if he could fuck me. By then I was so hot anyone could have fucked me. I said yes. We fucked till about 3. My pussy was sore. Dad joined in a few times too. Then we realized mom was coming home soon."
"Oh. I forgot about mom," I texted.
"Me too," She went on. "Anyway, I went upstairs and showered. As I went back to my room I could hear mom's voice so I knew she was home. I tried to decide what to wear. I pulled on a short little summer dress.
"Mom kissed me hello and says, 'dad says you took great care of him. Especially with his friends. Sometimes they're a pain. They are always gawking at me.'
"I wanted to laugh. I just said, 'Tina came over and helped.'
"Mom says, 'You and Tina waiting on all those guys? No wonder they want to come back to watch the game.' Then she says, 'Well maybe you can help me take care of them.'
"I laughed and said, 'OK."
"LOL," I texted. "That's a riot. Well we did take good care of your dad and brother."
"You slut. LOL," she replied.
"Me? You fucked your dad and brother!"
"I know," she replied. "Wasn't that fucking hot"
"Yes," I said. "It was."
"So, dad's having the guys over to watch the game. Mom's going to be here. Do you want to come hang out."
"Hang out?" I texted "Is that what they call it now?"
"LOL, see u then," was the reply.
Next I replied to Cathy
"You won't believe this," she texted
"What?"
"Mom and dad have not said a word about Sunday. Nothing. They just act like nothing happened and everything is normal."
"No way," I replied.
"No it's true!"
"Wow, that's weird," I texted.
"It's true. If you're not doing anything, come over and see. It's strange."
This piqued my curiosity so I said OK.
Last I called my dad. He only lives a few towns over. We made some small talk about the job. He said he heard great things about me. That made me laugh. I wondered what would happen if they told him why they say great things.
I mentioned we hadn't seen each other for a while. He said he was free Thursday night. We made plans.
Now I had to decide what to wear to Cathy's. They're not even talking about it but we saw her dad fuck me and her mom fuck four guys. What do you wear to that? I decided what the fuck. I'd go all out.
I found a denim skirt I hadn't worn in 3 years. It was short. I grabbed my scissors and cut 2 inches off the bottom. I pulled it on. 1/2 my ass and the front of my pussy were exposed. I pulled on a see through thong. I took a T shirt, cut it from front neck to hem. Pulled it on and tied it in a knot under my tits.
Let's see them ignore this, I thought.
I drove over to Cathy's wondering how this would go. After all, I'd fucked her dad. How does one ignore that?
I pulled in front of Cathy's house. Her next door neighbors were outside. I climbed out of my car. I'm sure I was a sight. The husband was staring at me. He was using a leaf blower to clean his yard. I gave him a wave. The wife was just scowling at the husband. She was a pretty woman. I'd say they were in their late 20s. My bad girl kicked in. I went over and introduced myself to the husband as a friend of Cathy. He fell all over himself. I then went to the wife, introduced myself and told her how pretty she was. I think that disarmed her a bit. Laughing to myself, I went back, and knocked on Cathy's door.
Jack opened the door. He looked at me and didn't say anything. He called Cathy and said I was there.
Janet came in the room and said, "Hi Tina, nice to see you again. Cathy's in her room"
Ok this was weird. Not a comment about the fact I was showing more skin than a street whore.
Cathy caught up with me in the hall as I was heading towards her room.
"Whoa," she said. "Some outfit."
"I thought maybe I could shock them into something. Nope, they acted like I was dressed to go to church."
"I know what you mean," said Cathy. "It's just not normal."
"No," I replied. "But neither is having an orgy with your 18 year old daughter."
We both laughed.
We went to her room and wondered what was going on. A little talking, a little giggling, a little cuddling, kissing and fondling. It was nice. I really liked her. Cathy's mom asked if I was staying for dinner.
Cathy looked at me and mouthed, "Please."
I told Janet I was and Cathy and I went back to messing around. We were called for dinner. I had taken off Cathy's skirt and she reached down to get it. I told her to leave it there. Cathy giggled. Me in my slut wear and her in a tiny pair of bikini panties and top, we went to dinner.
We walked into the room and sat down at the table. No reaction. Jack started a normal conversation. How was work? What had we been up to? Any plans for tonight? We answered.
Janet was wearing some khaki shorts and a top. I had an idea. As she brought something near me to put it on the table, I reached for the waistband of her shorts. I felt her stiffen, but she did not move away or try and stop me. I unbuttoned the shorts, undid the zipper, pulled them over her ass, and pushed them to the ground. She didn't say a word. She just stepped out of them and, in a beige thong and her top, kept doing what she was doing. What kind of denial was this?
Cathy and I looked at each other.
I said to Cathy, "Damn your mom has a nice ass."
"Yeah she does," said Cathy.
Now to get dad talking. "Jack? What do you think of Janet's ass?"
Jack mumbled, "Very nice."
"Janet, come here," I said.
Janet walked up to me. She was looking at the floor. Jack was looking anywhere but us as well. When she got to me, I hooked my fingers in the band of her panties and pushed them to the ground.
"Pick those up and give them to Jack please." I said
Cathy just looked on. A small smile on her face. She was beginning to realize how much power she had. Janet picked up the panties, handed them to Jack, and just looked at the floor. Jack took the panties and stared at them.
Then the doorbell rang. We all jumped. I looked at Jack.
"That's Tim returning the leaf blower," Jack said.
I remembered the neighbor with the leaf blower. "Next door?" I asked.
Jack nodded. This couldn't have worked out better I thought.
I looked at Janet and said, "Well, go answer the door."
Janet looked at me with scared eyes. She looked at Jack. He just looked at his plate. Cathy was smiling.
"Hurry up," I said. "And invite him in for desert."
Janet walked over and opened the door. She was standing behind the screen door. We could all see from where we were. It was hilarious. He didn't even notice she was naked from the waist down. He opened the door, stepped in, and looked at Janet. That's when he noticed. He stammered something about the leaf blower and tried to look anywhere but at Janet. He didn't run to leave though.
Nobody was saying anything. It was going to get even more awkward soon. Cathy got up and saved the day.
"Hi Tim. Come on in."
Tim looked at her. She was in her panties and a top. He looked very confused.
Cathy looked at Tim. "Oh come on Tim," she said. "You've been checking out mom and I for over a year. Now you get a good look and you're shy?"
"Well, I never expected this," he said. He was starting to regain his composure.
"Do you want me to make her get dressed?" Cathy kkkasked.
"No, but what's going on."
Cathy told him. "Remember the party my folks had Saturday?"
He nodded.
"Well at the end of the party it was just mom, dad, and 4 guys. Tina and I caught mom fucking the guys with dad watching."
You could see an incredulous look on Tim's face. Dad would not look at him. Mom kept looking down.
Cathy went on. "Since then they've been acting like nothing happened. So Tina and I decided to push them. First Tina came over dressed like a slut. "
I stood up turned around and took a bow.
"No one said anything," she continued "So Tina started undressing mom. Mom just let her. We got to this point and from here we were not sure what we were going to do, but we got this far and the doorbell rang. So we made her answer the door. She didn't even argue. We all knew it was you. I bet if you felt her pussy right now she'd be soaking wet."
Cathy slid her fingers in her moms pussy. Her mom moaned, and then spread her legs to give her access.
Cathy held up her wet fingers and said, "See?"
Tim just stared.
I had an idea. "Hey Janet, show Tim your tits."
Janet quickly pulled off her top and bra. She was now naked. Jack was still looking anywhere else.
"Do you like showing Tim your tits?" I asked.
Janet took a quick look at Jack, saw he was avoiding her, and nodded her head.
"See Tim," I said. "She likes you looking at her."
"Janet, have you ever fantasized about fucking Tim?" I asked.
Janet moaned and nodded.
Tim looked at Janet. He looked at me and Cathy.
"I wish I could, but I have to get back home soon."
Janet looked disappointed.
I had a great thought. "Tim, tomorrow's a playoff game. Why don't you tell your wife you're going to watch with Jack. Bring a few friends. You can all fuck the slut."
Tim looked and Janet. She looked back and nodded her head. He looked at Jack. Jack was still looking away.
Tim said, "That's a great idea. See you tomorrow. I have two friends who would love to come."
Cathy giggled
Tim said, "That too."
She giggled again.
One last thought. "Anything you want her to wear?" I asked.
"What she's got on is fine,"
Tim left.
Cathy turned to me and begged me to come over tomorrow. I told her I couldn't. I was going to Ginny's. Cathy gave me a sad look. I felt bad.
"Tell you what," I said. "Why don't you come hang out with Ginny and I this weekend. If all goes well it will be the final playoff. We can think of something to do for that."
Cathy's eyes lit up. "That would be great he said."
I was then feeling pretty contemptuous towards Jack. He'd fucked me but it seemed he did not like the idea of his wife being fucked.
"So Jack," I said. "ready to see your slut wife get fucked tomorrow?"
He didn't answer. I walk over to his chair and ran my hand down his crotch. He had a raging hard on. I looked at Cathy. She gave me a questioning glance. I nodded. She broke out in a smile.
"How about you Janet? Ready to get fucked again?" I asked.
Her reply? "God yes, thank you."
Cathy and I went to her room and schemed a bit more. I took off for home.
When I got home everyone was in bed. I walked past mom's room. Mark was fucking her missionary style in bed. Oh cool, I thought. Normalcy. Then I laughed thinking just seeing my mom fuck was normal.
I climbed into bed. Dave was online. We chatted a bit and I told him about Cathy's.
I was getting tired. I said good night. I stuck my fingers on my clit till I came. Visions of Cathy's mom being fucked in front of her dad filled my mind. I came.
Last thing I remember seeing was Dave's final reply. "Good girl."