Warm, musky air greeted Rick's nostrils. At the top of the stairs, before he even approached the room, he identified the scent. So did the stirring between his legs.
The rich smell of human desire spilled from the bedroom into the club's second floor hallway. Rick craned his neck to get a view inside the room. He couldn't see through the people, though. There were too many of them between him and the center of their attention.
Scanning the crowd, he spotted his friend Bill on one side. Rick excused his way along the wall to reach his friend. On his way, he got a clear view of the woman everyone was watching.
Black cloth cuffs circled her wrists, a matching pair held her ankles. She lay on her back, the sole occupant of the restraint bed. Hearing her breathing deepen, Rick's steps slowed. His own breathing became rapid, shallow, and the center of his desire swelled at the sound of her gasps. He stared as a wave of contractions rippled through her body. He knew his own body now added to the musk permeating the room.
Two more steps brought Rick next to his friend. With a nudge of his elbow, he said, "What's up, Bill?"
"Like you don't know!" Bill teased, pointing towards Rick's nether regions and its obviously upright response.
"Hey, you're no better," Rick retorted, also looking down, but towards Bill himself.
"You know how I get off on watching a great lady," Bill murmured, eyes riveted on two breasts heaving with the motion of her labored breaths.
Rick joined his friend in silent admiration. The woman's gasps turned to squeals, and she uttered one small scream as her body contorted once again.
Rick leaned to one side and caught a glimpse of the man touching the captive woman. The gray haired man slid his fingers very lightly over the area exposed between her legs. His field of interest was outlined by dark, curly hair.
Rick looked up at his friend, again. "He's got her into multiples, huh?" he said.
"Ever since I got here, yeah," Bill replied.
The woman's quick breaths eased off, and Rick looked back to see why. The man's hands now caressed their way up his lady's belly.
"Oh, time for a little teasing, I see," Rick commented. He wondered if he would have the presence of mind to ever remove his hand from her rosy center once he had gotten responses like he had just seen.
"Not necessarily," Bill said. "Watch." Bill never took his eyes off the couple.
Puzzled, Rick scowled, but followed his friend's suggestion. His scowl only intensified as he watched.
The man continued his strokes until he reached the woman's nipples. There he concentrated a bevy of small movements. The woman's moans grew louder. Within seconds, she again curled up in an explosive reaction.
"My god, without even touching her cunt," breathed Rick.
"I know," seconded Bill, eyes glued to the glow of the woman's naked skin.
Both of the men's mouths sagged open, their tongues unconsciously licking their lips as the man took a nipple into his own mouth. His other hand stayed on the nipple's mate as he played with the toys his date provided. She groaned and tried to catch her breath. Faster and faster her breathing came, and then her whole body came as well.
Rick's face screwed itself up, and he turned to his friend again. "Wait," he said, "haven't I been here like only five minutes? And this is her fourth time?"
"Susan says she counted 150 before you ever got here," Bill answered, nodding his head towards a woman to the right of them.
"How long was that?" Rick asked, incredulous.
"I've been here about a half hour. I think Susan was here forty-five minutes before that," Bill answered.
Making calculations in his head, he said, "You mean, like 100 cums an hour?"
Bill nodded, still drooling over what the man held in his mouth.
"But she's still cumming now!"
Bill just nodded again, his attention too involved to explain anything more.
Rick looked back as the woman's gasps died down and her breathing evened out. He watched the man move along her shoulder, down her arm, and onto her palm. There his fingers made slow, light circles, stopping now and then to make tickling movements.
The woman began to moan again.
"Her HAND?" Rick stared in amazement. His dick stiffened. If you could just hold this woman's HAND to get her started, then what would it be like to be inside her? His dick sprung even higher at the thought.
As the woman's hips leaped in the spasm that followed, he saw the light reflect on the wet surface of her cunt. He reached down to soothe the ache that grew as his dick began to throb.
"I think I'll go ask if I can have a turn," Rick said, imagining that the man could have her hands and her tits, if he could just have that juicy cunt. After all, she was tied down. She was ripe for the taking.
"No go," Bill said sadly.
"What?" asked Rick.
"He won't let anyone else touch her."
"What?" Rick said again. His longing for the woman refused to believe what he had heard.
"He says they're novices, their first time here. We can watch if we want, but no one else touches her," Bill explained.
Disappointment raged alongside his longing. His dick stretched to an uncomfortable state. Liquid began to drip from its tip.
"Shit, Bill, Marilyn's off with that dude Bruce. I can't get to her for another half hour, at least." Rick fairly whimpered in his plight.
"He's moving again," Bill said. If he had noticed his friend's predicament, he gave no indication of it.
Both men watched as the man slid his hands across his lady's palms one more time and then up onto her belly. He continued those circular, light strokes, around and around the soft roundness of her middle.
"Think he can do it even there?" Rick asked.
"I'd believe anything with this woman," Bill gaped.
It was only a minute before their guess was confirmed. The woman's groans became short pants and the familiar paroxysm of fulfillment rocked her body again.
"No wonder Susan lost count," Rick muttered. He was ashamed of the jealousy that gripped him, but he very much wanted to feel that pussy pulsing around his bulging cock. He knew she would be excellent for what ailed him. Oh, to hear one of her screams at the thrusts of his dick! Any woman that wild would milk his fucker dry.
Lost in his own daydream, Rick missed what the man did next. But he saw that the man had one hand in her pussy and his other wound through his lady's long, dark hair. He caressed her hair and her head. Her eyes rolled back, her head lolled to one side, and she smiled contentedly.
But then the man kissed her. Even muffled, her moans carried audibly across the crowd. He held her head so she could not escape his lips, his tongue. She pulled against the restraints. Rick saw black Velcro straps dig into soft, white flesh. The same way the woman hungered to reach her lover, Rick hungered to plunge inside her. He could imagine her slick juices covering him while her hot cunt throbbed around him.
He held tightly to his dick, wishing there were warm, wet place to stick it right now. A tight, slippery envelope to surround it, to empty it.
The woman screamed through her mate's mouth, and Rick saw the chuckle that rippled through him. Just then, the man lifted his head and happened to look in Rick's direction.
Rick's heart sunk at what he saw there. When their eyes met, Rick read the man perfectly.
"Mine," the silent man said with all his being. "She's agreed to be all mine."