This is a continuous story where each chapter builds on the previous chapter. If this is the first chapter you've encountered of The Morrisons then I suggest you go back and read the previous chapters first so you will understand the characters actions in this chapter.
I appreciate hearing from the readers of my stories and I want to thank all those who took time to send me an email. I try to answer every email in a timely manner however life catches up with us all, from time to time. If I haven't replied to your email yet, I will soon. Again, thank you for all your kind comments.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
The Morrisons is a story about a hard working couple with one daughter who live a certain lifestyle. When you work hard and bring in more than enough money to satisfy your wants and needs, you get to have a few well deserved luxuries in life.
After they bought an estate off the beaten path they decide the hire staff who will meet certain requirements for the positions they want to fill. They can afford to pay that little extra and have things done their way without being pushy and everyone is compensated justly. Sounds interesting......? Then enjoy this story.........
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Chapter 2
I woke up to the sun shining in our bedroom window. I looked at Kim and saw she was still sleeping soundly. I wanted to stay in bed and wake her up slowly with some loving but my morning wood told me I better head off to the bathroom. I raised the sheet and carefully slipped out of bed and walked to the bathroom. After relieving my bladder I was washing my hands while looking in the mirror when my eyes spotted the shower across the room on the far wall. Instinctively I decided a quick shower was in order. The water felt great cascading over my body and served to wake me up completely. When I finished I stepped out and dried myself off. Upon walking back into the bedroom I saw Kim hadn't moved so I decided to let her sleep.
I walked down the hallway and as I passed Terri's room I noticed the door was open. I also noticed her bed was already made but didn't see Terri. I started down the stairs when the wonderful aroma of fresh brewed coffee tickled my nostrils. I know Kim was still in bed and Jenna never got up before noon on the weekends so the only person unaccounted for was Terri. I walked through the living and dining room and just as I entered the kitchen Terri greeted me with a huge smile on her face then she stood up and said, "Good morning Dan, please have a seat, how do you like your coffee?"
Returning Terri's smile I pulled a towel out of the closet while saying, "I like my coffee with cream and only a little bit of sugar."
I followed her advice and chose the Canterbury Arcadia Swivel Chair next to the one she had been sitting in. I spread out my towel on the seat and sat down. Once seated I waited for my coffee and watched every move Terri made. I watched as she pulled a cup out of the cupboard and saw her small titties bouncing as she moved, while pouring coffee and adding a teaspoon of sugar in my cup. Finally she turned and walked to the refrigerator and her small tight ass cheeks bounced only slightly but moving in beautiful smooth fluid motion. On her return to the counter I was treated to the wonderful view of Terri's small tits and her luscious tight lipped pussy. Terri caught me staring at the front of her body and she stopped halfway back to the counter and turned slowly while asking, "Does my uniform meet your approval, Sir?"
I smiled at Terri as I watched her continue to the counter before finally responding, "Terri, you have a beautiful body. You are so well proportioned with everything exactly perfect for your body. You are truly a work of art and I believe you could be model material."
Blushing Terri turned to me saying, "Dan, you're just saying that to make me feel good. I've always tried to take care of myself but I wouldn't say I'm model material."
As Terri set my coffee down in front of me I smiled at her and insisted that my theory was correct. She sat down beside me and we started a general conversation over coffee. Terri was full of questions and I did my best to answer them. Several times our conversation moved from one topic to another and after awhile Terri moved it back to our hiring her for such an important position. She expressed her gratitude for Kim and me taking the chance on her. I told her all she had to do was be herself because that's the part all her references raved about.
Terri asked, "Would it be improper for me to hug you?"
Looking at Terri I smiled and said, "Anytime you need a hug, you can count on me to give you one no matter who's around me at the time."
Terri excitedly jumped down off her chair and held out her arms towards me. I slipped off my chair and stepped into her arms wrapping my arms around her body and pulling her to me. I slid my hand down her back and pulled her hips close to mine so she could feel my cock as it hardened between our bodies. I held her close until I felt her loosen her hug and I did the same. I was surprised Terri didn't step back or break our hip contact as she looked up into my eyes and said, "Someday I may want to take Jenna's advice and if I do will you help me?"
Even though I knew what Terri was talking about I wanted to hear her ask me directly. I acted confused by her question by looking into her eyes and cocking my head off to one side and raised an eye brow. My silent message was sent and Terri received it because she started to blush before she mumbled something then cleared her throat before repeating herself saying, "Dan when I'm ready, will you make love to me gently like Jenna said you would?"
I acted surprised first and then changed my expression to a large smile saying, "Terri you will find this house is made of love. Since you are going to be like family to us, I would certainly consider it an honor to make love to you anytime you want me to. I know last night was most likely embarrassing to you but that is our way of life here. We are free and open with our love making and now if you want to join in, you are more than welcome."
By now my cock was rock hard between our bodies and I intentionally pushed rhythmically against Terri's pubic area and she responded in kind. Terri leaned forward and closed her eyes and puckered her lips and I leaned down to meet her tender lips with my own. At first our kiss was teasing little kisses before Terri pushed the tip of her tongue against my lips. I opened my mouth and the battle was on. We molded our bodies tight together and out tongues dueled for position. Terri moaned softly throughout our kiss as she moved her tits back and forth across my chest. I'm not sure how long we kissed but when our lips parted again we leaned back keeping our hips pressed tightly together looking into each other's eyes.
Terri broke the silence by saying, "Someone is very excited and very hard."
I nodded my head and said, "It's not a problem, I will take care of it when we finish."
Looking into my eyes Terri said, "I caused it to get hard so I will take care of it. I know how to suck a cock and I will make sure you are very happy when I finish."
"You don't have to feel obligated to suck my cock I can take care of it myself." I responded.
Without any further discussion Terri pulled back from our hug and sunk to her knees in front of me. At first she teased to head of my cock with kisses and licks then she opened her mouth and took my cock into the nice warm surroundings. Her tongue teased the length of the underside of my cock making it bounce when she reached the crown. Terri put her hands on my ass cheeks and pulled me forward buying my cock in her mouth with the head of my cock slipping into her throat. The sensations of fucking Terri's throat sent me over the edge and I started cumming almost immediately. Terri never pushed me away, if anything she pulled me closer to her and her tongue worked miracles as my orgasm subsided. When I finished cumming, Terri sucked my cock until I was totally drained. With my cock still in her mouth she looked up at me and all I could think to say was, "Oh my God, thank you Terri."
I reached down and lifted Terri up under her arms and pulled her to me and once again we embraced each other and kissed tenderly. As my tongue again dueled with hers, I could taste my semen on her tongue. I pulled back and while smiling at Terri I said, "It's my turn to make you a very happy young lady."
Once Terri was seated in her chair I sunk to my knees and pulled her until her ass was on the edge of the seat. Then I lifted her legs and put them over my shoulders. Hesitantly I leaned forward and planted tiny kisses along the inside of each of her thighs. I carefully avoided her pussy and kissed her bald pubic area before moving back down to the inside of her thighs. Terri was moaning softly then her body jumped when my tongue made contact with her smooth pussy. I licked her slit several times before prying my tongue between her tight lips and being rewarded with a flood of female juices. I lapped her pussy hungrily enjoying the wonderful taste of her lovely pussy and enjoying her fresh scent. Finally I reached my hands up and parted Terri's ass cheeks remembering how much she enjoyed having her ass hole reamed. I had Terri's ass bouncing on the chair within minutes of spreading her wide open. Once I attacked Terri's clit she went over the edge and her screams became louder and louder until her body shook violently in reaction to her orgasm. I stayed in contact with Terri's clit until she begged me to stop. With her female juices all over my face I stood and leaned forward and kissed Terri. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled herself to me and stood. Her tiny tongue licked her juices off my face, in between kissing my lips.
We sat down and rested for a few minutes then I suggested we use the shower out by the pool to clean up so we walked out on the deck towards the shower. I grabbed a couple of towels out of the closet on the way by as Terri adjusted to shower. I stood watching her shower and marveled at her as the beads of water glistened and then ran down her skin. When she was done I handed her a towel and stepped under the shower and started to wash my body. Terri watched me wash and when I got ready to wash my cock I soaped it up and stood facing her and started to stroke it. Terri's eyes were glued to my hand as it moved slowly up and down my cock. I continued stroking it only until my cock was semi-hard and then washed off the soap and rinsed my body off. I stood facing Terri as I dried off and I noticed was Terri would alternating between looking at my face and then down at my cock. I smiled at her and said with a smile, "I guess this is pay back for me looking at your lovely pussy while you were fixing my coffee."
Terri blushed and said, "I've had to strip naked for a lot of males but I've only seen the few cocks that he made me suck. Even then the cock was only pulled through the zipper so I didn't get to see the naked body each cock was attached to. I'm glad you're cock and balls are shaved bald to. It's so much better to suck your cock and not have to keep spitting out pubic hairs that come loose. Your cock looks so nice and it tastes great. I hope you don't mind me looking at you."
Looking at Terri I said, "Terri, all three of us keep our pubic area shaved clean just because we are such an oral family and we don't like spitting out pubic hairs either. Also you are going to see a lot of cocks and pussy some with hair and some without while you are working here. I want to tell you that cocks come in all shapes and sizes with some cocks being barely visible. When you see a small one, please don't laugh. Guys with small cocks are just as proud of their cock as someone with a large cock. It's sort of like females with their tits."
We laughed and headed back into the kitchen. As we stepped through the glass doors we saw Kim sitting at the breakfast counter drinking coffee and reading the paper. Kim looked up from her paper and said, "Good morning love. How are you this fine morning?"
"I am well and everything is great this fine morning." I said while looking at Kim.
Turning to Terri, Kim said, "Good morning young lady, I hope Jenna didn't keep you up to late. How did you sleep?"
Terri freshened up our coffee and was taking her seat again when she said, "Jenna and I had a wonderful chat last night and then we went to bed. I love my new bed and I slept in the middle of it and got lost. It's very comfortable, thank you for asking."
Kim said, "Terri, I've decided to take you and Jenna shopping today. We can go to this little boutique I know and get some lingerie for all of us. It's always nice to tease the males. Then I know of a couple of shops we can go to and buy some clothes since you only have what you were wearing when you came here."
Terri smiled and asked, "Would it be ok if I hugged you to?"
Kim put her paper down and stood up. Like a flash Terri was out of her chair and hugging Kim mashing their lovely titties together. I noticed Terri's shoulders moving and realized she was crying in Kim's neck. Kim was patting Terri on the back in a motherly fashion as she held her close. I handed Kim some tissues and she handed them to Terri. Finally Kim said, "Its ok you can hug me anytime you need or want to."
After a few minutes I heard Terri say into Kim's neck, "I don't know what I've done for all of you to be so kind to me, a stranger in your home, yet all of you are treating me like family."
Kim said, "Terri, it is apparent you have been through a lot in your young life and you have persevered. I'm sure it's not easy to lose your family at such a young age and then to compound the problems you are hired by an unscrupulous store owner who clearly was taking advantage of you making you do things against your will. It takes determination like yours to endure such hardships and still be the pleasant young lady you are. I'm sure what little we're doing for you seems like a lot but in reality all we've done is provided a new beginning for you. It's totally up to you how you manage your life in the future. Please remember we have a daughter almost your age and we understand the loss of your family members because both of our parents have passed away to. I am sure we can help each other and everything will work out fine."
Terri stepped back from Kim and with tears still in her eyes she said, "Thank you, thanks to both of you for everything."
Kim patted Terri on her ass and said, "Your coffee is getting cold. Let me go get my laptop and we can create a contract for a house cleaning service."
Terri and I were engaged in small talk until Kim came back with her laptop. Kim asked me to switch chairs with her so she could sit next to Terri. When we finished our game of musical chairs Kim fired up her computer and brought up a generic contract which they transformed into a contract for a cleaning service. Together they worded an ad which will be run in the local newspapers. Terri was very active providing wording and phrases for the contract and the ad. In addition Kim and Terri came up with a list of responsibilities for the cleaning service. They worked out the details for interviews and who should be present when the interviews were conducted. Both Kim and Terri agreed the person(s) who were going to be doing the cleaning should be present along with the owner of the service. When everything was finished Kim copied and pasted the ad in an email to all the local newspapers with instructions to run the ad for one week.
Terri asked, "What would you two like for breakfast?"
I sat there for a second thinking then my brain's light bulb came on and I suggested going to a restaurant and eating brunch. Kim said, "That's a wonderful idea and then we can go shopping from there.
"Let's go up and wake up Jenna and all of us can get through the shower and dressed." Kim said looking between Terri and me.
We walked up the stairs with me following Kim and Terri and my eyes were alternating between Kim's wonderful tight ass cheeks and Terri's young mounds of ass cheeks. When we got to Jenna's door Kim knocked a couple times before we heard a sleepy mumble saying, "Come in."
Kim opened the door and there was Jenna sprawled out on her back with her legs open wide rubbing the sleep from her eyes. All of us walked into the room and when Jenna opened her eyes, she asked, "So what do I owe for the honor of all three of you walking me up?"
Kim started off with, "Your father decided to take us out for brunch and afterwards I want to take you and Terri shopping. We saw Jenna smile broadly and say, "Now you're talking. I think we should drag dad along with us shopping so he can give us a male perception on the clothes we try on."
Kim was fast to say, "Jenna we're going to that boutique and buy some lingerie. You know how fussy those women were the last time we took your father in there. But if your father wants to chance it again, I don't see why we can't take him."
Jenna sat up in bed asking, "Daddy, you won't mind watching us try on lingerie will you?"
I know the place Kim was talking about because I had been there before and it was not unusual for females of all ages to try on lingerie and walk out of the dressing room to get advice from those who came with them about fit and appearances. The couple of times I had gone in there with Kim and Jenna, the old lady who was part owner frowned at me and asked me if I had taken a wrong turn. Kim always came to my defense saying she wanted my opinion on the lingerie she tried on. That seemed to calm the old gal's attitude towards me.
It was finally settled that all of us would go through the shower and get ready for brunch first then shopping after. Jenna looked at Terri asking, "Terri you don't have any clean clothes here do you?"
Terri replied, "No all my clothes are at my former boss's house."
Jenna said, "Then you stay here and shower with me and we'll get dressed here. We are the same size so I know I have something sexy to fit you."
Terri blushed and with a shrug of her shoulders she agreed to stay with Jenna. Kim and I left Jenna's room and headed further down the hall to our room. About a half an hour later we walked back to Jenna's room to find both Terri and Jenna almost ready. They were putting some final touches on their makeup.
Kim watched both of the girls before asking, "Terri do you have any personal female items you will need?"
Terri blushed and said, "All of my personal stuff is at his house to."
Realizing what they were talking about I decided to wait for them in the kitchen. I walked out of the room and heard all three of them giggling. I realized being the only male in a house with three females was going to be a frustrating life. I'm supposed to be the king of my castle but it looked like the queen had more control and backup than I do. I waited patiently in the kitchen and when the three of them arrived we walked into the garage and got into my car. We drove to the restaurant and had a wonderful and delicious brunch before heading off to go shopping.
We arrived at the boutique and when we walked in the old lady who always gave me a hard time saw me entering with three females she actually smiled at me. She wasted no time in coming right over to us and offering her services but Kim waved her off before steering us towards the lingerie section. When we stopped walking I looked around at the sea of sheer to lacy lingerie wondering to myself why they had so many styles and choices. All three females went right to work searching for that perfect piece to try on. Each time they paused to look at something, I found myself a clothes rack a few feet away from the three females, which served as the perfect arm rest. I watched as they looked, whispered and giggled pulling one item after another off the rack for a closer inspection. In most cases they put the item back but I also noticed that all three had a number of hangers hanging from their hands. Kim was the one who encouraged Jenna and Terri to collect various items to try on. She also told the girls that they had to choose at least one article of lingerie that was the same and all three would purchase it. I followed at a safe distance until I overheard Kim say, "Let's go try on the items we have and then decide if we need something more. Once you have an item on, keep it on and let's get everyone's opinion."
I followed Kim and the girls toward the dressing rooms and when we arrived at the waiting area next to the dressing rooms, in the back of the store, I noticed two older ladies already seated there talking between themselves. Both of them looked at me and the one with grayish hair frowned before she turned to the other lady and whispered something. Then both of them watched the three women with me as they disappeared into separate dressing rooms. I selected a seat leaving two empty seats between us and then turned and smiled at both ladies staring at me. Within a few seconds after sitting down a young lady came over to me and asked if I wanted some tea or coffee. I asked her to bring me some coffee and she walked away. A few minutes later she came back with my coffee and a small tray of cookies. I thanked her and she asked if I needed anything else. I told her Kim and the girls might need some assistance so she walked over to the curtain of each dressing room and inquired if either of them needed help. Kim pulled the curtain back even though she was completely naked and said to the young saleswoman with a smile, "I don't need anything but you can check with Jenna and Terri. If they don't need any help right now, you can come back and check on us again later."
Suddenly a young lady appeared in a sheer white teddy and both ladies jumped up and rushed to her and blocked my view. There were some hushed whispers between all of them while each of them glanced over their shoulder at me. I sat in my seat looking their way with a broad smile on my face.
My attention was drawn to Jenna as she stepped out of her dressing room in her sheer baby doll set. Her pink areola and nipples stood our proudly from her "B" cup size titties. She walked right over to me as the three ladies watched. Jenna asked, "So what do you think daddy? Do you like this on me?" She continued saying, "I love the baby doll set. I think it looks great on me. My titties and my pussy can be seen even though I have to wear these store supplied panties."
I noticed the older women tried to get the young lady to go back in the dressing room but she stayed and looked at herself in the mirror. I also noticed the young lady kept looking at Jenna. Finally the young lady turned and pushed past the older ladies and walked over to Jenna and me before asking, "Aren't you Jenna Morrison?"
The older women rushed right over and once again tried to block my view of the young lady but she wouldn't have it and used her arm to push them aside so she could talk to Jenna face to face.
Jenna turned to the young lady and said, "Yes I am, but you will have to excuse me, I don't recognize you."
The young lady started with, "I'm Lisa Thompson and I work at the same place you do. I work in payroll that's why you don't see me. The company keeps us hidden away in the back office but I've walked through the front office many times and I've seen you at your desk. While standing right in front of me, Jenna and Lisa started a conversation about the company where they work.
Jenna paused and turned towards me saying, "Lisa, this young handsome man is my father."
Lisa stepped forward not bothered by her near nakedness and the fact that I have a clear view of her young body as she shook my hand saying, "Very nice to meet you sir."
Just then Kim and Terri stepped out of their dressing rooms and each of them was dressed in a sheer teddy. Both walked over and stood beside Jenna and she introduced Kim as her mom and Terri as our live in house keeper. Lisa turned slightly and raised her hand towards each of the women who had unsuccessfully tried to block my view and introduced the first one as her mom and the other lady as her aunt.
Jenna and Lisa continued talking and I took the liberty to check out Lisa's body much to the displeasure of her mom and aunt. I saw them glaring at me out of the corner of my eye but I wasn't going to be deterred. Lisa was blonde haired with about a "C" sized tit with very light pink areola and a pencil eraser sized nipple. I couldn't see any traces of hair on her pubic area or her pussy. The older ladies again tried unsuccessfully to pull Lisa away from my wandering eyes but Lisa wouldn't have anything to do with it. While she was talking to Kim, Jenna and Terri, I saw her reach up and pinch her nipple causing it to immediately stand out under her teddy.
I interrupted them saying, "Jenna, you should invite Lisa over to our home sometime. I sure all of us would love to see more of her."
My innuendo didn't go unnoticed by Lisa's mom and aunt. Her mom spoke up saying, there isn't much more for you to see of Lisa than what you're looking at right now."
Lisa turned to her mom and said, "Mom, look around there are three other mostly naked ladies standing right here now. One of them is Dan's daughter and another is his house keeper. Their outfits aren't hiding much if anything and if they aren't worried, then why should I?"
Just to show her mom and aunt, Lisa moved closer to me and once she stopped moving, she parted her legs slightly and continued to talk to Jenna. Not to be outdone, Jenna saw what Lisa had done so she parted her legs so Lisa's mom and aunt had a better view of her body.
Kim and Terri looked at each other's teddy and decided to keep them. Both of them walked back to their dressing room but this time only Terri closed her curtain. Kim stood facing us and stripped off her teddy and I heard Lisa's mom and aunt gasp and cover their mouth with their hand and act embarrassed. Intentionally Kim broke into Jenna and Lisa's conversation causing both of them to look her way as she stood completely naked facing us and fumbling with her next item to try on. I watched Lisa's mom and aunt as they stared at Kim's naked body. Jenna was the next one to say, "I have more to try on, how about you Lisa?"
Lisa said, "Yes I have two more pieces to try on."
Jenna stood where she was and pushed her baby doll panties down over her ass and let them fall to the floor before she stepped out of them. I smiled from ear to ear seeing my daughter being such an exhibitionist. As I glanced at Lisa's mom and aunt I noticed their eyes were wide and they mouths were hanging open in shock of seeing my daughter baring her pussy in front of all of us. But Jenna didn't stop there she immediately lifted the hem of her top and pulled it off over the top of her head leaving her almost completely naked. Jenna being a true exhibitionist turned around so her ass was towards Lisa's mom and aunt and before bending over at the waist to pick up the panties of the baby doll set she parted her feet. The very thin store mandated panties were see thru without a cotton gusset which gave Lisa's mom and aunt an unimpeded view of Jenna's small pussy and her tiny ass hole. Lisa laughed and said, "Wow, you're such a show off being naked like that in front of your dad and the whole store."
Jenna looked at Lisa and said, "It's easy, instead of thinking about it, all you have to do it just take it off and let the chips fall where they may."
Lisa's mom shouted, "Lisa Marie Thompson, don't you dare strip naked in front of this man or anyone else."
The young lady who worked at the boutique came over immediately and asked if there was a problem. Lisa's mom said with disgust, "That young lady is out here completely naked in front of her father and his wife is standing there in the dressing room with the curtain open and anyone in the store will be able to see their naked bodies. Furthermore that young lady told my daughter she could strip naked out here as well and I don't think its right."
The young saleslady waited for Lisa's mom to finish her tirade before quietly saying, "Pardon me ma'am but it is not unusual for ladies to be naked in this area. After all we are a ladies boutique and although we don't have that many males come in here, it does happen and the management welcomes them the same as they do the females who come in with them."
Hearing that Lisa slipped the straps of her teddy off her shoulders and had the material below her perfect titties before her mother saw her and said, "Don't you dare take that off out here where that man can see you."
With a defiant look on her face Lisa turned away from me and continued to push the material and the store mandated panties down her body, over her hips and down her legs before gravity pulled both articles to the floor. I was treated to a wonderful view of Lisa hairless pussy winking at me between her well toned thighs. Lisa stood up and turned to face in my direction as she held the teddy in her hand and didn't cover any part of her body. The more her mom tried to get her to cover up the longer Lisa stood there arguing with her.
Terri heard all the noise and she opened her curtain so all of us could see her naked body as she tried on another piece of lingerie. Jenna walked back to her dressing room and picked up her next piece and put it on. Lisa watched Jenna then she mimicked Jenna by leaving her curtain open and trying on her next piece of lingerie. Lisa's mom and aunt sat down because they knew they were defeated and now we had four naked or partially naked females in front of us. Suddenly I had four females asking me for my male opinion on their various pieces of lingerie.
Each piece they tried on was sheer and I was blessed over and over again seeing four sets of lovely titties and a vague outline of their pussies because they had to wear sheer store mandated panties when trying on lingerie. I was sexually tortured by all four lovely young ladies as they stepped over to me and asked me for my opinion on the piece they were wearing. My cock was straining for release but none came while we were in the boutique. Finally Kim along with Jenna and Terri made their decisions on which pieces of lingerie they really liked and Kim called the young saleslady over to have her take the order to the counter to check out.
I stood up with my cock making an impressive lump in the front of my pants and I did nothing to hide it. I turned towards Lisa's mom and aunt so they could see my hard cock, I took one last shot at both of them when I said, "Lisa if you want to visit with Jenna again, we don't have to meet in this lingerie boutique, you can come to our home and swim or hot tub or both."
I saw her mom shoot a disgusted look at me before she said, "I think you've seen everything Lisa has to offer so there isn't any reason for her to come to your house."
Lisa shushed her mom then turned to Jenna saying, "We can talk at work. I'll make a point to stop by your desk now that we've had a chance to meet. Especially now, since we've seen each other totally naked and we don't have any secrets between us."
Jenna smiled and said, "I'd like that. I'll see you tomorrow."
We left the boutique and drove to the next shop then another until we had stopped at four shops in all. During the next four hours Kim and the girls selected various articles of clothing. At each shop they came away with three outfits each along with all the necessities worn underneath. Our final stop was a store where Kim took Terri in to pick up the personal feminine items she would need. They came out of there with four bags of stuff and I just sat in my seat and rolled my eyes at Jenna who started laughing at me.
When we arrived home I was left on my own as the three females gathered in our bedroom to talk and try on their new purchases again but this time without the store mandated panties. I stood next to the bed and stripped off my clothes and laid everything over the back of the chair. I watched as each one of them giggled excitedly as they dumped their bags on our bed then began stripping off the clothes they were wearing. Although I don't think they heard me above the racket they were making, I announced that I was headed for the pool then the hot tub. No man can compete with newly purchased items of clothing or jewelry.
I wandered down the stairs and through the house out to the pool. I eased myself into the water and waited for my body to adjust to the temperature. Once I was comfortable I started doing laps because I hadn't exercised in a couple of days. I finished my laps and rested for a few minutes before getting out of the pool. I pulled a cold beer out of the refrigerator then I walked over to the hot tub and took the cover off it. After walking up the steps to the hot tub I sat on the deck with my feet dangling in the water. I turned on the jets then turned on the radio and adjusted it until I heard some music I liked before I slid down into the hot tub so the jets could massage my back muscles. I leaned back, closed my eyes and relaxed after such a trying morning.
I must have drifted off to sleep because the next thing I know, Terri was shaking my shoulder to wake me up. She told me dinner was almost ready. I looked around and then up at Terri who was now standing behind me and the first thing I saw was her delicious pussy parted slightly. Looking further up I noticed two small bumps with a smiling face between them looking down at me. I said, "Wow, what a view to wake up to. I don't think I will ever get tired of seeing what I'm looking at now. You certainly have a beautiful pussy and those wonderful small titties are perfect."
As I turned and stood up I asked Terri, "I know you've been waxed smooth by an unscrupulous person but if we set you up in a reputable salon with a person which both of us pre-approve, would you remain waxed smooth while in our employ? We will pay for your waxing."
Terri shifted her weight from one foot to the other before saying, "Dan, I trust you and Kim, you've treated me like family and we only just met. If you want me to be waxed smooth all over like I am now, I will do it for you."
I stepped up out of the hot tub and looked down at wrinkled my hands and feet which made me look like and old man. Holding them out in front of me I smiled and said to Terri, "Looks like I might have been in the hot tub a little too long."
She laughed and said, "Well old man Dan Tucker."
Giggling Terri inquired, "Do you know the words to "Old Dan Tucker" I do?" Terri broke out singing and I joined in. I put my arm around Terri and drew her close to my body while we walked towards the house we repeatedly sang, "Old Dan Tucker."
"Old Dan Tucker's a fine old man,
Washed his face in a frying pan,
Combed his hair with a wagon wheel,
Died of toothache in his heel.
Get out the way for old Dan Tucker
He's too late to git his supper
Supper's over and dishes washed
Nothing left but a piece of squash"
Kim and Jenna looked up at us as we came through the door and smiled. Jenna asked, "Whatever you two were smoking out there, I want some."
Terri and I laughed and I said, "It was one of those momentary things, you had to be there to appreciate what happened."
We sat down to dinner and everyone joined in on the general conversation floating around the table. Terri was first to say, "Dan I want to thank you and Kim for taking me shopping today. You bought me some very nice clothes and lingerie and I'll make it up to you."
Jenna joined in saying, "Mom, dad thanks for all the nice clothes you bought for me today to. I really appreciate it. And I met a new friend today whom I'm sure dad will appreciate seeing again. Lisa has a tight lil body and I can't wait to get to know it, oops, I mean get to know her better."
Kim said, "That was quite a slip of the tongue Jenna."
Jenna smiled saying, "Yes it was mom and you looked like you wanted to slip your tongue in her little crack to."
Terri sat and blushed at the blunt conversation going on before saying, "I might be interested to but I really do like sucking Dan's cock only because I'm not being forced to do it."
Jenna looked at Terri and reminded her, "Dad will be very gentle with you just like he was with me when he took my cherry. However, I don't want to sound like I pressuring you to do anything."
Kim spoke up saying, "When she's ready she will choose who will get her cherry, there's no rush."
Suddenly I remembered something important so I said, "Kim, Terri I forgot to mention with everything that happened yesterday, I talked to my friend Ted Johnson who is the police sergeant. I asked him to come out here and measure for a security gate at the end of our drive way. I told him I want security cameras installed down by the gate and the monitoring system with a video recorder installed up here in the den. He is off tomorrow so he will be stopping by to measure in the morning and then come back later in the day with his installation cost sheet. I've wanted the gate since we moved in here and now is as good time as any, to put it in."
Kim asked, "How will the gate work, will there be a sensor to open it when we pull up?"
I replied, "No there will be a key pad down there and only the ones who have a code will be able to drive in here. Ted told me we can set it up with different codes so we will know who came in but checking the code recorded on the print out."
"That's great daddy, now I don't have to worry about someone pulling up the driveway and disturbing me when I'm busy." Jenna said.
"That reminds me, Kim we need to show Terri where the alarm buttons are in each room and how to reset the alarm if one gets hit accidently." I said while looking between Kim and Terri.
After dinner everyone pitched in to clean up and once we finished, Kim and I took Terri for a tour of the whole house showing her where all the alarm buttons were located. I stressed the fact that the buttons should be used in case of any emergency or anytime she felt threatened. I showed Terri there was a two way speaker next to each button which she could speak into and tell the monitoring desk what the emergency was. Kim interrupted me and asked, "With a security gate at the end of the driveway, how will the police, ambulance or fire company get in."
I explained to Kim, Jenna and Terri that Ted assured me the monitoring desk can also punch in a code and open the gate for emergency here. I told them Ted said the monitoring desk would be in constant contact with the responding units and know when they arrive at the gate, when it's up.
Jenna asked, "Dad is it up?"
All three females looked at my cock and immediately it jumped before their eyes and started to harden. We had toured the whole house so I suggested, "Why don't we go out on the deck and I can show Terri where the button is out there. Then all of us can get in the hot tub and relax a bit."
My suggestion was a hit with all three females as they cheered and we started toward the deck. Jenna moved under my arm as we walked and put my hand on her lovely lil tit. Looking over at Terri, Jenna said, "Terri get on the other side of him, his hand feels great on my tit."
I stopped momentarily and Terri moved into position and pulled my arm over her shoulder and placed my hand on her left tit. I massaged both tits as we continued to walk towards the deck. When we got to the glass doors the three of us had to turn slightly sideways so we could fit through. On the deck we walked over to the place where the button was located. Still holding a tit in each hand I nodded my head towards the button. Terri saw it and said, "Ok, are there any other buttons?"
I replied, "Yes, there's one in the garage and there's a couple in out in the barn. I'll show you where they are another time. What do you say we get in the hot tub now?"
Kim was already in the hot tub with a glass of wine. I asked Jenna and Terri if they wanted some wine or a beer and encouraged them to get into the hot tub. Jenna said she would love some wine and after some thought Terri agreed she would love some wine to. I poured two glasses of wine and pulled a bottle of beer out of the refrigerator for me. I walked over to the hot tub and set my beer down before handing each of the girls their glass of wine. Once I was seated in the hot tub I picked up my beer and held it towards the middle and proposed a toast. "May this be the beginning of a wonderful and long relationship!" I clinked my beer bottle against their wine glasses then sat back to enjoy my cold beer, my great family and our new friend.
I felt someone's toes tickling my cock and balls and by process of elimination I concluded they belonged to Kim since she was sitting straight across from me and I didn't feel a leg touching mine. Besides Kim was sitting there was a Cheshire cat smile on her face. I slid down a little more to give her better access. Soon there was another foot in my crotch and between the two of them they picked up and cock and started stroking it. My cock paid attention to the stimulation it was receiving and became firm immediately. I smiled back at Kim and started moving my hip to meet her foot movements.
With a smile on her face Kim said, "I want to suck your cock!"
I smiled back at Kim and said, "You know honey I am outnumbered here more than I have been in the past. I may have to call in reinforcements to help me take care of the needs for all of you."
Jenna spoke up quickly saying, "I have a friend who was here a month or so ago and he thinks mom is hot, I can always enlist his help if you want me to."
Looking at Jenna I smiled and said, "Hold that thought, I may take you up on that offer if you are sure he won't get possessive on us."
Terri looked around at all of us before finally asking, "All of you are so casual when you speak about sex and your sexual lives. What's your secret? How do you do it? What makes all of you so close that each you can discuss any topic without someone getting upset?"
Kim started by saying, "Terri, the short story is Dan and I grew up in homes where our parents were working most of the time and didn't have time to spend with their children. Our siblings were the only ones we had to turn to for help solving problems or answering questions. When Dan and I decided to have children we made a promise to each other that at least one of us would be in the lives of our children all the time. As it turned out Jenna is our only child due to some complications I had when giving birth to her. I can't have any more children so that's the reason we only have one child. Having only one child did make it easier for Dan and I keep our promise to each other and we've made sure at least one of us attended all of Jenna's events. As we grew up with Jenna, we formed a bond that can't be broken by anything including society's laws. We love each other equally and we share that love equally. That's why you will hear us openly discuss anything including sex."
Jenna spoke up next saying, "Yes Terri, I am so blessed to have loving parents who have treated me so well while I was growing up. We have done everything together and we've shared everything ever since I can remember. I have the best parents in the world."
Terri sat back and sipped her wine and pondered the information she heard. After a few moments she said, "Oh God, I can't believe I am so blessed to be here with such a loving family."
Kim spoke up, "Terri do you remember during our interview I said one of your biggest challenges is going to be our daughter Jenna?"
Terri looked at Kim saying, "Yes I remember."
Jenna smiled and said, "It's true we are a loving family but I push the edge of the envelope from time to time and mom and dad do get upset with me but we always work it out. I like to do things on the spur of the moment and I've caused a couple of scenes which were embarrassing to my parents."
Kim said, "Terri there's going to come a time when you will have to slow Jenna down or tell her no so be prepared to confront her. She's a good girl and will see the reality of the situation once it's explained to her but like she said, she's been known to pull some good ones. I have to admit she's far better than she was a couple of years ago."
Terri nodded her head and looked at Jenna saying, "I think we understand each other perfectly so I really don't anticipate a problem." With a wink at Jenna Terri continued, "I think Jenna and I are on the same wave lengths and we will work out any kinks before they become a problem."
Kim said, "That's the kind of positive attitude that convinced us to give you the position."
Terri smiled at Kim before saying, "Since we are being honest here, can you and I get together after we get out of the hot tub? I would really love to explore with you."
Kim smiled back at Terri and said, "We don't have to wait, let's go to your room, we'll take a shower and then we can do anything you want to do."
I looked at Jenna saying, "Since we are going to be alone soon, let's cover the hot tub and head up to our room for a shower and then whatever happens."
As Jenna and I covered the hot tub we watched Kim and Terri walking into the house hand in hand. I smiled at Jenna and asked, "What do you honestly think of Terri?"
Jenna smiled a very big smile and said, "I love her dad. She's going to fit in perfectly and I promise I will try to behave and not cause her any problems well at least until she's been her for awhile."
I laughed and hugged Jenna to me saying, "I know honey, I know......"
Jenna and I walked into the house hand in hand and she stayed with me as I closed all the doors and locked up before turning off the lights. The small night light in each room provided us enough light to move through the room without tripping over anything. We walked up the stairs slowly and when we passed Terri's room the door was wide open and we heard giggling coming from the bathroom. Jenna and I continued down the hallway to my room. We walked into the bathroom and while I got some towels for us Jenna adjusted the water in the shower. We stepped in together and Jenna turned to me and hugged me close and kissed me passionately. After a few minutes we decided to get cleaned up.
I took my time to wash her hair and then rub the conditioner into it before having Jenna turn around to rinse her hair. While she was doing that I squirted body soap on my wash cloth and began to wash her lovely titties. After a few moments I stopped using the wash cloth and used my hands instead. I took time to tweak her nipples before moving down her body. I gave up on the wash cloth and squirted more body soap on my hand and used my hands all over her body. I bypassed her pussy and squatted down to do both Jenna's legs and feet. While I was still in the squatting position I asked Jenna to part her feet so I could have access to her pussy. I squirted more body soap on my hands and started at her bald pubic before moving downward between Jenna's legs. My daughter has the most beautiful pussy and when she gets excited her tiny clit protrudes at the top of her slit. I finished washing her pussy and when I rinsed it thoroughly I leaned forward and licked her clit making Jenna jump. Jenna grabbed a hand full of hair and said, "No fair mister, get up here so I can get you clean and then you can lick me when I suck your big delicious cock."
Jenna immediately started to wash my body and I tried to finger her clit but she kept pushing my hand away. I managed to roll one of her lovely little nipples between my thumb and finger and Jenna moaned while pushing her titty forward towards my hand. Jenna rushed through washing my body because what I was doing with my hands was turning her on and she wanted to get into bed a quick as possible. Jenna finally announced she was finished and hurriedly shut off the water. We grabbed our towels but I used mine to dry Jenna and she dried me. Jenna had to take a few minutes to dry and comb her hair while I stood behind her with my cock nestled tight against my daughter's tight ass cheeks. I reached around to her front and played with her titties and nipples. Jenna kept looking in the mirror at me smile and say, "I love you daddy."
Every time Jenna said I love you I leaned forward and planted small kisses on her neck and the back of her shoulder and whispered back, "I love you to honey."
Once Jenna's hair was dry she put down the blow dryer and turned in my arms and embraced me while rubbing her body against mine she passionately kissed me. We held each other and continued our kiss as both of us sidestepped into the bedroom towards the bed. When we bumped into the bed I turned Jenna so her back was to the bed and I slowly dipped her backwards until she was lying on the bed. We separated long enough to move up into the middle of the bed and then we locked or lips again in a passionate kiss. Both of us used our hands to explore each other's body. I dipped a finger into Jenna's soaking wet pussy and then moved my finger up until I contacted her clit. Immediately Jenna moaned into my mouth and her body jumped as I rubbed little circles around her clit. Soon Jenna was bucking her hips and her breathing became increasingly ragged and fast as I continued to rub her clit. Suddenly Jenna broke our kiss and screamed as her orgasm gripped her body and shook her.
When her orgasm started to release her I moved down her body and nibbled gently on a nipple. Jenna used both hands to smooth my hair as I licked and nibbled first one nipple and then the other. I had her motor running again evidenced by her volume of moans. I moved down kissing her flat abdomen to her pubic mound. Then I moved so I could move both Jenna's legs apart to expose her lovely pussy to my view. I took a few moments to look at Jenna's pussy before planting light kisses on the inside of her thighs as I moved towards her pussy. Again Jenna started pumping her hips up and down. Before my eyes I saw her very beautiful bald pussy, spread open, waiting for me to enjoy. I inhaled her fresh scent and then I blew small puffs of air at Jenna's open pussy causing her to shiver.
I reached out and picked up Jenna's legs and pushed them up to her chest successfully opening Jenna's pussy and ass crack completely. With Jenna's pussy and ass being completely vulnerable I stuck out my tongue and started at her little asshole and licked and reamed it before moving up across her taint to her open pussy and ended that journey when my tongue touched her clit and Jenna responded by humping her hips the best she could with her legs up. I immediately used my tongue to start at her clit and move downward until I reached her asshole again. This time I spent some additional time reaming her asshole. Jenna was breathing fast and ragged before I moved up and attacked her clit full force with my lips, teeth and tongue. I sucked her little clit into my mouth and held it gently between my teeth and licked it with my tongue. Jenna went wild and I stayed attached to her clit until she screamed out in another overwhelming orgasm.
When she quieted down I moved up her body and kissed her at the same time I slipped my cock deep inside her juicy tight pussy. Jenna cried out with pleasure as my cock slipped into her and Jenna kept repeating over and over again, "Daddy I love you so much."
I replied, "I love you to Jenna."
We developed a tempo as we made love to each other. After a few minutes Jenna asked, "Daddy please let me on top so I can have your whole cock deep inside me."
I hugged her close to me then rolled to my left so I didn't have to pull out of her lovely pussy even for an instant. Once I was on the bottom we shimmed across the bed away from the edge. Jenna took over and rode my cock slamming down hard on my pubic area burying my cock as deep into her pussy as it could possibly go. After a few minutes she stopped moving long enough to move her legs out from under her so all her weight was sitting directly on my cock pushing it deep into her womb. I put both my hands on her titties as she ground her ass against my pubic. Looking deep into my eyes she said, "Daddy I LOVE the way your cock fills my cunt. I love to fuck you and you can fuck me anytime you want even if others are watching us. I want you to fill my little cunt with your hot sperm."
I looked as Jenna and asked, "What brought on all this talk?"
Jenna gushed her reply almost without breathing, "Daddy I got so turned on today watching you sit there in that chair in the lingerie shop with a hard on. I wanted to fuck you right there but I didn't think we could get away with it. But it turned me on just thinking about it and someday I want you to take me someplace and strip me naked and fuck me where someone could come along and catch us."
"Holy smokes honey, I didn't realize my being in the lingerie shop had such an effect on you. We will have to plan an outing and see what happens. I'm not sure getting caught is a good idea but I would love to make love to you out in nature." I said as I looked up at Jenna.
I continued playing with Jenna's titties and gently pinching her nipples as she started moving on my cock again. Finally Jenna moved and put her legs back under her and started bouncing up and down on my cock. I told her if she kept that up I was going to cum in her pussy soon. She put her finger on her clit and asked me to wait for her to cum again. I tried as best I could and finally said, "I'm going to cum soon Jenna, hurry up!"
Jenna's finger was flying back and forth across her clit and she picked up speed humping on my cock. Suddenly she screamed, "OK daddy cum in my cunt, I want to feel you shoot me full of cum!"
That was it for me, I felt my semen move and suddenly shoot out of the end of my cock into the tender womb of my daughter. I reached up and pulled my daughter down and hugged her as both of our orgasms faded away. I kissed her cheek and her shoulder and confessed my love for her. Jenna in turn kissed me repeatedly and told me how much she loved me.
After a few minutes of rest we decided to take another shower and then go find something cold to drink. We slid off the bed together so we wouldn't leave a wet spot and once my feet were over the edge of the bed I stood up still holding Jenna on my cock with her legs and arms wrapped around me. I walked into the bathroom before letting Jenna down in front of the toilet. I let her down and my cock came out of her tight pussy with a pop. Jenna sat down on the toilet immediately and peed both her urine and my semen into the toilet bowl as I watched her. After wiping herself she got up and walked over to the bidet and adjusted the water temperature before sitting down and cleaning her pussy. I watched Jenna use the bidet the same as I've Kim use the bidet on a number of occasions. Both of them moved up close to the spout and filled their pussy full of water before moving backwards and pushing the water out as if they were peeing. Kim told me the bidet is much easier and cleaner than using a douche after sex.
Jenna and I took another shower washing each other's body without much fanfare this time. Once we were finished we dried each other and Jenna had to use the blow dryer to dry her hair. I repeated my performance and stood behind Jenna with my cock nestled tight against her wonderful tight ass cheeks with my arms around her playing with her small titties and rolling her nipples between my thumbs and index fingers. I felt Jenna push her ass back against me while looking in the mirror saying, "I really do love you daddy."
I kissed her like before and said, "I know you do baby and I love you to more than you will ever know."
We finished in the bathroom and decided to go find something cold to drink. We walked out of the bathroom with her arm around my back and my arm around her back. Our hips pressed against each other and we walked in unison with our inside legs swinging forward together. When we got to Terri's room the door was still open and both Kim and Terri were in the middle of the bed tribing. Both of them were moaning, breathing hard in short gasps and humping against each other. With a silent look between us, Jenna and I agreed to leave them alone and continued down the stairs to the kitchen.
I poured Jenna some wine and I pulled a beer out of the refrigerator popped it open and took a long pull on it before I asked Jenna, "Do you want to go to the den and see what's on television?"
She pulled me towards the den and when we walked into the room she pulled me towards the couch where we sat down side by side. I picked up the remote and surfed through the channels until we found a movie which interested both of us. Jenna snuggled up next to me and sipped her wine. We were still watching television when Kim and Terri walked into the den, Jenna and I watched them walk over to the love seat and both of them sat down with an arm around each other's shoulder. I noticed both ladies were sitting with their legs spread as they sipped their wine.
My daughter Jenna being the extrovert that she is leaned forward and looked at Terri asking, "Mom's a great fuck isn't she? How many times did she make you cum?"
Blushing immediately Terri looked at Kim and then back at Jenna before saying in a quiet voice, "Your mom is the greatest! I never would have believed what two females can do if I hadn't just done it myself. I lost count of how many orgasms I've had tonight. I can't wait to do it again."
Jenna smiled and said, "We walked past your room when you and mom were tribing and it looked like both of you were having a great time."
Kim spoke up and said with a huge smile, "Terri is a natural. No matter what we did she was not only willing to try but she leaned very fast and gave me a run for my money. I'm as worn out as she is. I lost count of my orgasms to."
We finished watching the movie then decided to call it a night since all of us had to get back to work in the morning. Once again, I had the pleasure of following three females up the stairs and admiring their assets. (no pun intended)
When we reached Jenna's and Terri's bedrooms we paused and hugged each other saying our final good nights before Kim and I headed down the hall to our room.
After Kim and I crawled into bed we cuddled next to each other and I asked her if she enjoyed herself with Terri. For the next ten minutes Kim gave me a very descriptive summary of her time with Terri. By the time she finished my cock was standing straight up. I reached over and picked up Kim's hand and rested it on my hard cock. Kim smiled at me and said, "I love the taste of pussy but I love my pussy stuffed with your cock."
I was lying on my back when Kim sat up in bed and swung a leg over my hips and straddled me. She reached down and held my cock in line with her pussy before she sat down filling her pussy with my cock. Kim started riding my cock like she was riding a bucking bronco. Kim placed her hands on my chest and ground her pussy into my pubic area forcing my cock deep inside her. Kim rode me for the better part of a half an hour before I realized that I wasn't far from cumming. I warned Kim and she said she was waiting for me. Soon she was screaming her orgasm and I groaned as my cock emptied into her already juicy pussy. Kim fell forward and rested on my chest and we traded kisses until we settled down.
We got up out of bed and went into the bathroom where Kim sat on the toilet and peed while I went to the closet and picked up a wash cloth to wash my cock. After Kim finished on the toilet she adjusted the water for the bidet before sitting down to clean her pussy. As she was using the bidet Kim told me she had to explain to Terri what the bidet was and how to use it. She also told me Terri loved the idea that she didn't have to use a hand held douche anymore.
We finished in the bathroom and retired to the bed. We talked a little more and Kim said she is looking forward to having Terri with us for a long time. She told me it was almost like having a second daughter which is something she had always wished for.
Finally I said, "Tomorrow is another day and I can't wait to see what's going to happen next."
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please take a couple of seconds to rate this story below.