Please read the previous chapters to this story so you will know what everyone has been up to.
This story is long and has many true facts about one family's life and lifestyle. The names of the characters have been changed to protect the persons involved.
This story was written to entertain and reinforce the ideal that during our lifetime we make choices and there are always consequences for those choices. Sometimes the consequences are great and work out well while other times the consequences are not so good and we have to be willing to accept the penalty for our bad choices.
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged (over 18 years of age)!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Chapter 11 -
The aroma of fresh brewed coffee filled the house as I wandered into the kitchen rubbing the sleep from my eyes, to find mom and Beth standing near the counter sipping their coffee.
I've heard many guys talk badly about their mother-in-law but for me seeing mine standing and smiling at me, completely nude, in my kitchen made me feel so fortunate. I considered myself one of the luckiest guys on the planet.
"Good morning" I said with a broad smile.
Mom said, "Here comes Mr. Happy, how are you this morning? Did you sleep well?"
"I slept very well because I am surrounded by people I love and people who love me." I said as I walked to the cupboard and reached for a cup.
Bringing smiles to both of their faces, each one in turn responded, "I love you to."
Pouring my coffee I asked, "How did both of you sleep last night?
Mom said with a giggle, "I slept well when I finally got to go to sleep. Your father acted like a teenager last night wanting to try a few different things before admitting he was tired."
Beth laughed saying, "Jake was just as bad. He must have loved seeing Brenda and I in the shower washing each other's body. We didn't miss washing any of our female parts. Both Jake and Tom were sporting a hard-on when we finished."
Mom spoke up next, "Beth I don't think it helped when they watched us kissing while our hands roamed over each other's body after they finished taking their shower."
"Before we went to sleep last night Jake said he wanted to see Brenda and I explore some more." Beth said with a smile spreading across her face.
Mom spoke right up saying, "God, I loved the attention I received from Tom last night. For the first time in many years, he willingly went down on me and licked my pussy and I lost count of the orgasms I experienced."
Looking at me mom said, "Matt, I have you and Donna to thank for bringing Tom out of the sexual rut we were in. Now he's back to the loving guy he was when we first married. However at our age he's a little slower and I love that."
I leaned over and kissed mom on the cheek and said, "I didn't do anything but I am glad that you're a happy satisfied woman."
"My man has an extra spring in his cock since yesterday to and I love it." Beth said with a smile.
I don't want to change the subject but, "We've planned a BBQ for this afternoon. We have steaks and chicken already marinating in some special sauce." I said as I looked at Beth and mom.
Suddenly dad appeared and asked, "What's this about a special sauce?"
All of us laughed and I repeated myself saying, "We have some steaks and chicken in some special sauce waiting to be cooked this afternoon."
Dad asked, "Are we having a party today?"
I looked at dad saying, "It's just a BBQ with the eight of us, we haven't invited anyone else."
Mike and Sarah were the next to walk into the kitchen. Sarah sniffed the air and turned to Mike saying, "I told you, with Beth and Brenda here, they always have coffee ready to drink early in the morning."
Both mom and Beth smiled before mom said, "We are early risers and need our coffee."
Everyone had a cup of coffee in their hand when Jake stumbled into the kitchen asking, "Gheeezz Beth, why didn't you wake me up when you got up?"
Beth got up and poured Jake a cup of coffee and handed it to him saying, "Hey tiger, I wanted to let you sleep and regain some strength especially after the energy you expelled last night."
Jake smiled saying, "Honey you were fabulous last night and I am so lucky to have such a wonderful woman."
Dad walked over and hugged mom before adding, "I'm a lucky man to. I not only have a very sexy wife but I have a son and daughter-in-law who has made me understand there is so much more to life." Everyone cheered!
Mike looked at me and asked, "Matt would it be ok if I asked a few of our friends to come over this afternoon for the BBQ?"
"The friends I have in mind are the same ones who stopped by a couple of month ago. They would bring food and beer with them so we won't have to go out for anymore supplies." Mike quickly added.
I looked around the room at our parents and then said, to no one in particular, "Would any of you mind if we had some more people here for the party this afternoon."
"No" rumbled around the room from everyone.
Smiling I said, "Mike, go ahead and invite your friends. They were fun people when they were here before, I'm sure they will fit right in again. Tell them they can come over whenever they're ready because we can always play some games out in the yard or in the pool."
Donna was the last one to enter the kitchen carrying our daughter Kim. Beth stood up and fixed Donna cup of coffee and mom went to the refrigerator and poured some milk into Kim's bottle. Mom took Kim from Donna to feed her while Donna sat down to enjoy her coffee.
After drinking her first cup of coffee Dona stood up and asked everyone, "How about pancakes and eggs and bacon this morning for breakfast?"
All of us said, "Yes"
As Donna started getting things ready to cook breakfast Beth offered to assist her. Donna accepted the help and then Sarah offered to cook bacon.
With all four women busy it was time for us to vacate the kitchen. I asked Mike, dad and Jake if they wanted more coffee as I refilled my cup. After all four cups were full we walked out on the patio and sat down at the table to talk.
Mike used the portable phone to call his friends. He was talking to a guy named Jim when I heard Mike say, "Matt is right here let me ask him."
Mike looked at me as he covered the phone with his hand as he said, "Jim as a small problem, a couple of his college friends showed up at his house last night with their girls and he wants to come over here but doesn't want to leave them. He said they would stop at the store and bring all the extra food and beer we would need."
"I don't want to be a party pooper Mike, use your best judgment, you know the legal drinking age is 21 and as long as we won't have any problems with underage drinking and if they agree to our house rules, I don't see a problem." I said in reply to Mike's query.
Mike put the phone back to his ear and we listened to Mike's side the conversation with Jim. Mike used a tone of voice which sounded very serious when he explained to Jim I didn't want any problems from underage drinking. After coming to an apparent agreement about the drinking, Mike said to Jim, "Do they know they will have to be completely nude while they are here?"
Again we listened to Mike's side of the conversation when he said, "It doesn't matter if they are shy, they have to be nude just like everyone else within ten minutes after arriving. It's the same house rules you and Becky had to observe when you were out here a couple months ago."
Mike answered a couple more questions before we all listened as he wrapped up his conversation with Jim saying, "Ok, we'll see all of you between 10 and 11 o'clock."
After putting the phone down Mike looked at us saying, "They are going to eat breakfast then go to the store for some food before coming over."
"So who's shy?" I asked Mike.
Mike grinned and said, "Jim told his friends when they arrived unexpectedly, he and Becky might be going to a nudist party and they thought he was kidding them until I called."
"Jim was talking to me and he was telling them I was calling with the invitation for the nude party and when he asked if he could bring them with him, the girls suddenly got shy." Mike said with a laugh.
Mike continued, "I guess they will need the ten minutes to get nude because I listened to their concerns and it sounds like they were worried about all of us seeing them completely naked."
I asked Mike, "So how many are coming?"
Mike sat back in his chair and rolled his eyes as he made a mentally count. Finally he sheepishly smiled and said, "If all come out here, there will be eight of them."
Immediately Mike said, "If that's too many, I can call Jim back and cancel until they don't have visitors."
I looked at dad and Jake who were smiling ear to ear and then back at Mike before saying, "No, don't call Jim, we will make out ok. I don't think these two guys will mind seeing some more naked females."
"Speaking for myself, this is all so new for me and I want all of you to know seeing the naked females we have here is a bonus in my life, I'm not sure my heart can handle seeing more nude females." Jake said with a grin.
That brought laughs from all of us.
Dad was the next to speak up saying, "This has to be a dream but I really don't want to wake up yet so bring them on."
Beth came to the sliding glass doors and yelled out to us, "Come in and fix a plate, breakfast is ready and it's a serve yourself morning."
Just as we started to move I suddenly realized we had a small problem so I tapped Mike on the shoulder saying, "You'll have to call Jim back and ask him to bring folding chairs with them because we won't have enough chairs for everyone."
As we went inside Mike picked up the portable phone and called Jim. A couple minutes later Mike walked into the kitchen and said, "Matt it's all taken care of. Jim was here before and said he was planning on bringing a chair for each of them."
We ate breakfast out on the patio. During our meal Donna asked Sarah if she knew anyone who could come and babysit during the BBQ so all of us could enjoy ourselves.
Sarah sat thinking when Mike asked, "What about your sister?"
Smiling at Mike, Sarah's eyes widened with a brief look of shock before saying, "I don't think my sister would agree to be nude in front of everyone."
I jumped in and said, "Sarah, if your sister will babysit, she has to follow the house rules but she could stay between our bedroom and the nursery. We have a TV in our room so she can watch movies but I'm sure she will get bored as the day goes on."
Sarah said, "I can always ask her but we will have to drive over there to talk to her in person. I wouldn't want to ask her over the phone."
"If she can't babysit, Mike what about your sister?" Sarah asked.
Now it was Mike's turn to look momentarily shocked before saying, "Touché!"
Sarah said, "Let me go and put on a bikini and we can take a drive into town and see my sister first and then if she can't do it we can go see your sister."
Mike being in a playful mood challenged Sarah by saying, "You should put on your black thong panties and a bra, which is the same at a bikini and then we can go into town."
Not to be outdone Sarah turned to Mike and said, "I'll wear the panties and my sheer black bra if you only wear those Speedo briefs I bought you. You know the blue ones that are almost see through when they are stretched over your ass."
All of us were sitting around the table listening to the banter between Sarah and Mike. I can speak for all of us when I say we were riveted to their conversation.
Mike looked at Sarah and smiled before saying, "You're on, as long as you don't take a beach cover or anything else and you have to go into a store and buy something while we are out."
"Mike, since you're being so challenging this morning, I'll go to town in only my panties and bra but you have to do something special to." Sarah bargained.
Mike gulped and asked, "What do you have in mind?"
"I'll cut off one of your tee shirts to mid-abdominal length and you will have to wear only your Speedo briefs and that tee shirt into the store with me." Sarah triumphantly proclaimed.
Mike looked visibly shaken and his voice confirmed his nervousness when he started to speak, "But Sarah, there is a double standard, guys can't get away with the same things that females get away with. Most guys appreciate the view of a female and won't say anything but some females get upset seeing a male show a bit too much."
Beth spoke up saying, "But there are many of us females who do enjoy checking out guy's butts and if we show a little down-blouse or up-skirt, we look for a package to pop up in the front."
Donna looked at me and suddenly I noticed her crystal blue eyes shimmering. Immediately I knew she was up to something wild, by that look. She got up out of her chair and walked over to me and leaned down to whisper in my ear.
As Donna was whispering I was able to see the expression on Jake's face as he stared at Donna's spread ass cheeks. Donna's ass was only a foot or so away from her father. I saw his eyes travel up and down Donna's ass crack and his cock started to rise immediately.
I listened to Donna and when she finished, I smiled and said, "Yes, I think that's an excellent idea my love. You know I love you more every day because you never cease to amaze me."
I looked at Mike and Sarah and made Donna's proposal official saying, "Donna has a great idea and I concur. If each of you will to ask your sister to babysit, then we will hire both of them and they can keep each other company during the BBQ, that is, if they don't want to join us. But we want you to extend and invitation to them to join us in between caring for Kim"
"Since both of you are going to go to town wearing a little bit of nothing, I suggest that each of you call your sister and have them meet you in the car instead of getting out at each house." I said to Mike and Sarah.
"Please, let us see how you're dressed before you go into town." Beth pleads as she sat leaning forward in her chair and smiling at Mike and Sarah.
Mike smiled and nodded at Beth acknowledging her request.
Sarah had picked up the phone and was speaking with her sister. We quieted down so Sarah could talk uninterrupted. Sarah asked her sister if she wanted to babysit and we heard her say, "I don't know how much it pays."
I looked at Donna because we hadn't discussed how much we would be willing to pay the babysitter.
Sarah raised her eye brows and looked questioningly at Donna and me.
Donna and I threw out suggestions because we had never hired a babysitter before. Finally I said to Sarah, "Tell her, she won't be alone and we will make sure she is well compensated for her time."
Sarah repeated what I said and added, "Yes we will all be here for a party and we want someone to take care of Kim because there is going to be a lot of people here."
We heard Sarah say, "Yes, the party will be out here where Mike and I live. Matt and Donna are hosting the party."
"Um yes, this is that place, and yes, you will have to observe the house rules while you are here." Sarah said into the mouthpiece of the phone.
There was a long pause as Sarah listened before saying, "I'll help you. Yes, I will be here to. Ok, Mike and I will come by and pick you up in less than an hour."
Sarah disconnected the call with her sister and looked at us saying, "Brandi is more than a little nervous about being nude but she said if I was going to be here, she would try."
Mike looked at Sarah asking, "Will you call Julie and ask her if she will babysit?"
Sarah smiled saying, "I called my sister, so you can call your sister."
Mike countered with, "But you're a female and it would be easier for you to let my sister know she will have to be nude when she's here."
Taunting Mike, Sarah questioned, "Mike, you're not afraid of your sister, are you?"
"No, of course not, we are very close but it's just that she is a female and what would I say to her?" Mike said nervously. It was Sarah's turn to smile and tease, "Honey, I'm a female. Donna, Beth and Brenda are all females and you don't have any problems speaking to us."
Mike whined, "Please honey, call Julie and I'll owe you one."
Looking into the sad eyes of Mike Sarah finally caved in and said, "OK, I'll talk to her but you have to call her."
Mike took the portable phone, dialed and waited before saying, "Hi this is Mike, is Julie home? May I speak with her? Thanks."
Mike held the phone to his ear close to a minute before he said, "Hi Julie, this is Mike. Are you doing anything today? Ok, here's Sarah she has something to ask you."
Handing the phone to Sarah, Mike smiled and whispered, "She's not doing anything today."
"Hi Julie, How are you?" Sarah asked cheerfully.
After listening to Julie's response we heard Sarah ask, "Would you like to babysit today and earn some extra money?"
There was another pause before Sarah said, "Brandi is going to be here to and help babysit. Both of you can hang out together. Yes, both of you will be paid for babysitting."
Then we heard Sarah say, "Ok Julie, Mike and I will be at your house in less than an hour to pick you up. We'll explain everything to you in the car. Ok, see you soon."
Sarah handed the phone to Mike and said, "Julie doesn't know she'll have to be nude while she's here so we'll have to tell her in the car and let her make up her mind. I think we should pick up my sister first so Julie will be more at ease when we tell her."
"Is everything going to be ok?" Donna inquired.
Sarah and Mike turned and looked at Donna before Mike said, "Neither of our families have ever been exposed to the nudist lifestyle so I'm not sure how Julie will react. I've never seen Julie in bra and panties so if she agrees to be nude with me here, it will be a big step for her."
Sarah added, "I'll talk to both Julie and Brandi in the car and make sure they know they'll have to be nude while they are here. I know once Brandi gets here she will enjoy herself, she has a wild streak in her."
Sarah poked Mike and said, "We have to get going. We told both of them we would pick them up in less than an hour."
As she was walking away towards the studio apartment, Sarah looked over her shoulder and said, "We'll be right back to show off our clothes."
Dad was the first one to comment, "Are they really going to go into town in their underwear?"
Donna spoke up saying, "Skimpy bikini panties show much more skin than a pair of thong panties. Also a bra covers way more of our tits than the small bikini triangle piece of cloth which covers only the areola and nipple."
Dad sat there and simply said, "Oh, I see."
Mom, Beth and Donna started to laugh at dad's expression.
Donna stood up and asked dad, "Do you mind if I don't bother wearing a bikini?
Dad and Jake both sputtered and took turns saying, "No!"
This made the females giggle like school girls.
We watched as Mike and Sarah walked towards us and I will be the first to admit Sarah looked super sexy in her bra and panties. I know my cock jumped the minute I saw her.
The females made complimentary comments about Mike's Speedo briefs and how well he filled them out. Once he was standing close to us Beth said, "Turn around Mike we want to see them luscious buns."
Mike complied and once he had his ass towards mom, Beth and Donna, Sarah said, "Mike bend over and show them how nice your Speedos look when they stretch over your ass."
Donna, Beth and mom made oh and aw sounds showing their approval for the view of Mike's ass.
Patting Mike's ass, Sarah asked, "Doesn't that ass look great?"
Donna added, "Yes it looks great but we can also see part of his package bulging between his legs. It looks wonderful."
Mike blushed a little bit hearing the comments about his ass but being a good sport he remained bent over until the females finished admiring him.
When the women were done, Mike turned to Sarah and said, "Your turn!"
Mike said, "Gentlemen let me present for your viewing pleasure my wonderful girlfriend Sarah. As you can see covering her tits is this wonderful black sheer bra with strategically placed lace flowers which covers her areolas and nipples."
There were whoops, whistles and clapping from me, dad and Jake as we listened and watched Mike present Sarah's body to us.
"Gentlemen, Gentlemen please hold your applause until you hear about this wonderful flat ab." Mike said as he moved his stretched hand up and down Sarah's stomach.
"Moving downward, I want to bring your attention to this great pubic mound which stands out prominently slightly above the junction of Sarah's thighs." Mike said as he playfully continued his description of Sarah.
Mike was looking at all of us as he pulled down the front of Sarah's panties slightly, "Ladies and gentlemen, I want to show you hidden behind these panties is a shaved bald pussy that looks so good I could get down on my knees right now and lick it till it cums."
Sarah spoke up for the first time, "Sorry honey we don't have enough time for that right now, maybe later."
Mike was not done yet as he continued, "Now I want to bring your attention to these wonderful thighs both front and back."
After turning Sarah around, he continued saying, "Check out this ass! This is an ass to die for!"
Mike said, "Honey will you please bend over and part your feet a little."
Sarah complied with Mike's request and once she was in position Mike continued, "Finally let me show you, hidden behind this tiny strip of cloth is the cutest little rosebud spinster that I love so much."
Mike licked his finger and then rubbed it across Sarah's asshole making him smile because Sarah shivered with pleasure at his touch.
He playfully slapped Sarah's ass cheeks as he said, "That's all folks."
All of us clapped loudly as Sarah took a bow and smiled broadly, loving Mike's superb presentation of her body.
Donna looked around at all of us males in the group and said, "Well Sarah, it looks like you have excited all our guys. Their cocks are standing straight up so I guess we will have to take care of them while you're gone."
Mom complimented Sarah saying, "You look hot Sarah and I agree with Mike, I would love to lick your bald pussy until you cum too."
Beth was sitting between dad and Jake and had a hand in each of their laps stroking their hard cocks and she simply said, "Thanks Sarah, I love you!"
Mike asked if we needed anything from downtown and I said, "I think we have enough of everything besides your friends are bringing food and drinks with them, so I think we are all set."
I looked at Donna and said, "We need to take a couple more steaks out of the freezer to help feed our babysitters."
Donna said she would take care of that right after she finished taking care of one of the stiff cocks.
Beth looked at Donna and said, "Honey I've got two of them over here and I see a stiff cock over there by you that I want to fill me up this morning."
Donna took the hint and walked over to her dad and asked, "Daddy can I sit on your lap?
"Sure you can baby." Jake said as he adjusted himself in his chair.
Donna stood facing her dad and spread her legs as she reached down between them and aimed his cock towards she bald pussy as she sat down engulfing her dad's rigid cock inside her tight pussy.
Brenda sat down on Tom's lap with his cock nestled in her pussy while my mother-in-law Beth perched herself on top of my cock.
All of us enjoyed the early morning fuck on the patio where we could hear each other moaning and the females screaming in pleasure as they pumped up and down on our cocks.
We saw Donna stand up and bend over the table saying, "Daddy please fuck me hard and fast. Please ram that hard cock of yours into your little girl's bald pussy!"
Jake stood up and moved behind Donna. As he lined his cock up with Donna's pussy he said, "Oh my fucking God, I never thought I would enjoy fucking you."
Almost immediately Beth and mom moved to copy Donna's position bending over the patio table and each one encourage their current lover to fuck them hard.
Each of us held the hips of the female partner we were fucking and although no one said anything each one of us tried to make our companion scream louder and longer than the others.
Beth begged me, "Matt fill me with a load of your cum."
Donna was in another world begging he dad, "Daddy please don't stop fucking my pussy. I want you to fuck me forever, anytime you want me."
Jake breathlessly answered, "Donna baby, I will fuck you for as long as you want me."
Suddenly the sound of satisfying orgasms and groans of pleasure filled the air as each of us experienced complete sexual fulfillment.
Eventually heavy breathing is all that could be heard as each of us rested and tried to recoup our strength to move.
After a few minutes of rest Donna said, "Come on mom and Brenda let's go take a shower together in the master bathroom."
As they were leaving the patio Donna looked over her shoulder and said, "All of you can share the other shower and if all of you get in the shower together, let us know we want to come and watch."
As they departed the patio all three of them giggled wildly at Donna's statement, knowing most males normally had more hang-ups about being in close body contact with each other.
I stood up and said, "I'm going to hit the shower, see you in a few minutes."
When I finished my shower walked into the master bedroom and found dad and Jake standing at the open bathroom door encouraging our wives to wash or rub places they felt were important.
I laughed as I turned to leave the bedroom saying, "I'm done with my shower. Remember guys we have a party to get ready for."
I heard some moans and then dad followed me down the hall headed for the bathroom.
I walked out on the patio to check the gas in the grill and get a couple of yard games out of the garage.
This was going to be an excellent party and I wanted to be ready.
*
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please vote and rate my story and if you have some feedback, I would like to hear from you.