This is the story of the sexual awakening of Scarlett. She is an 18yr old English student living in the UK. Her slender and petite frame and regular choice of baggy clothing hides a surprisingly round and firm butt. While only traces of her 34B breasts can ever normally be seen under her t-shirts and hoodies. Scarlett is a natural blonde (all over) and has dreamy green eyes.
Chapter 1
Scarlett's heavy breathing echoed in her small bedroom as her mum called to her from downstairs. "Scarlett...We'll be back around 4 this afternoon.... make sure to pay the window cleaner when he knocks later on" shouted Scarlett's mother.
She waited at the bottom of the stairs but heard no reply. She climbed the stairs and made her way to Scarlett's door - decorated with a pink soft sign stating Scarlett's Sanctuary - Do Not Enter"
Light taps on her door began to coax Scarlett from her dream, a place she would much rather have stayed given the muscle bound dark haired figured who had just been fucking her doggystyle.
A single eye popped open and Scarlett could now almost see but definitely hear her mother's voice.
The instructions she gave were received and forgotten in the seconds due to the fog of waking up - within seconds her room was quiet again, her mother's footsteps on the stairs followed by the sound of the front door and the car pulling away.
Scarlett stretched and yawned, feeling around for her phone. It was only 8:35am - Scarlett groaned looking at the time "Far too early"
Scarlett rolled onto her front trapping her right arm underneath herself, squashing her left breast between her hand and her ribs - her nipples instantly hardened. Her mind recalled the traces of her rapidly fading dream, how she'd loved feeling a hard cock sliding inch by inch inside her, how she'd screamed and moaned without reservation or fear of being caught. A smile graced her cherry red lips and she sighed with pleasure.
Shifting her position slightly, her right hand travelled from her left breast to the front of her pink panties with the small white bow on the front. Scarlett gingerly traced the lines of her panties, sparks of pleasure hit instantly and her mind became filled with a new fog - a lust filled fog.
Scarlett flipped onto her back with a force and speed which surprised even her, kicking her covers down til they sat below her knees she reached for the waist band of her panties and pulled them all the way off, kicking them into her covers with her feet.
Laying on her back, Scarlett squeezed her breasts gently and flicked both nipples at the same time, rolling them in her fingers...her head tilted back and a gasp escaped her lips. The sun outside shined brightly through the large gap between her bedroom curtains. The light irritated her eyes so Scarlett was forced to move. Now laying sideways, her bare pussy facing the open curtains of her bedroom window. Scarlett enjoyed the warmth of the sunlight as it hit across her belly and damp pubic region.
Spreading her legs and laying back down on her bed, Scarlett couldn't hold back anymore. Her right hand went to work on spreading her wetness all over her lips caressing her labia with her pussy juices. Scarlett brought her fingers to her mouth and sucked - the taste was familiar and arousing. Scarlett's left hand had been assaulting her left breast and nipple but quickly reached for her bedside draw and the bullet vibrator she kept there.
Using her left hand, she expertly flicked the bullet onto her favourite setting. She placed the bullet at the top of her now soaking pussy and allowed the vibrations to excite her clit, small circles made her breathing heavier and her right hand started to assault on her nipples. Her moans became more pronounced, coming in waves and making her wet pussy begin to flow uncontrollably onto her sheets.
She remembered that no one was home, no mum, no kid brother and no step dad - she could be as loud as she wanted. A high-pitched scream left her mouth before the thought fully formed in her mind that she was alone. A broad smile appeared on her face as she enjoyed the sensation of being loud and horny all at the same time. Scarlett knew it wouldn't be long as she felt her orgasm growing inside her.
She wanted so badly to cum she thought.... no, needed to cum was more accurate.
Scarlett moved the bullet vibrator up and down her soaking pussy and pressed it hard into her clit....making her muscles shake and her moans grow in strength... her heavy breathing made her size B breasts quiver and shake, sweat beaded on her milky white skin and ran down her beautifully sculpted breasts. Scarlett knew what to do....
Moving fast she took her right hand and sucked two fingers deeply, getting them soaking wet with saliva. Scarlett instantly slid these two wet fingers inside herself and blinked rapidly at this sensation of being filled up, a loud gutteral moan escaped her mouth and transformed into a scream of " Ohhhh Gooooddd YESSSSSS"
Scarlett began to fuck herself hard and fast with the two fingers while the buzzing from the bullet kept her clit excited and her orgasm on the cusp of breaking.... until finally she inserted a third finger.
That was it, Scarlett's orgasm exploded inside her with a giant force, she felt warm liquid squirt past her three fingers as more and more juices escaped her young tight pussy. She screamed constantly while she rode this wave of extreme pleasure - Oh god, Oh fuck, Oh yes kept repeating from Scarlett's mouth. Her eyes glazed over instantly and the roof she'd been staring at went blurry. Her hips, legs and knees had been spasming and shaking since she'd cum and hadn't stopped for what felt like minutes. A broad smile came across her face as she began to come down from her orgasm, a small chuckle escaped her lips as she began to sit up, she heard a huge crash followed by voices yelling.
Scarlett looked at her curtains and realised that half her window was covered in suds... the window cleaner.... had he seen her.... had he watched her this whole time. She instinctively grabbed her covers and wrapped them around herself. Walking covertly to the window she peered through the gap as the top part of the ladder appeared in front of her and was being moved back into position on the windowsill.
Scarlett panicked and headed for the bathroom.... sitting on the toilet she felt a mix of shame, embarrassment and dread. However, there was another feeling underneath it all.... excitement, she didn't know for sure that the window cleaner had seen her having one of the greatest orgasms ever but so what if he had she thought, probably made his day. Scarlett got cleaned up and felt a pang of hunger. She bounced down the stairs and stopped at the table by the door. On top of the wooden side table was a handwritten note from her mother. "£25 for the window man" Scarlett's eyes were drawn to another piece of paper, this one on the floor. Clearly it had been posted through the letter box - On it was a single sentence - "Thanx for the show - no charge"
Scarlett smiled a devilish grin, she felt herself begin to get damp again.... how long til 4' o clock she thought to herself, already planning her next orgasm.