The first time she'd noticed them in the window, she'd naturally reacted with embarrassment and shock. She hadn't even realized that the one window of her neighbor's house overlooked her fenced-in back yard until she saw the faces there ogling her as she sunned herself in a bikini.
Shortly after escaping into the privacy of her house, a very different feeling had come over her. Fresh off a divorce brought on by discovering her husband's long-standing affair, her self-esteem had taken quite a hit. Ever so slowly, the thought that her eighteen-year-old neighbor and his friends found her attractive enough to spy on dulled the embarrassment.
It took a couple of days, but the feeling eventually morphed into arousal. Lysle and his friends were all attractive young men, and she was guilty of occasionally spying on them cavorting shirtless in the yard as well. When those thoughts inspired a particularly satisfying orgasm one night, she took a risk the next day.
Her face felt as if it was on fire, and she was all nerves as she lay on a lawn chair in her bikini, but she was also intensely turned on. Surreptitious glances from behind her mirrored sunglasses revealed three of the young men watching her. They were using their phones to take pictures as well. The thrill of their voyeurism left a wet spot on her bikini bottom, and sent her rushing for a vibrator when she left the yard.
The next day, she wore a bikini that she'd purchased, but had been too ashamed to actually put on after bringing it home from the store. It left her ass almost completely bare, the swells of her breasts exposed, and she had to shave back her pubic bush to keep it from sticking out the sides. The jostling of the young men in the window suggested that they approved.
The day after that, she had untied her bikini top while lying face down. Though she didn't actually show them any more skin than what had been previously hidden behind the thin ties of her top, she knew it would set their imaginations to work.
It was also that day that she realized her breakfast nook — which was well-lit by large windows — was also visible from the young men's clandestine watchpost.
She took to wearing tight, revealing clothing and spending a lot of time in that nook. She would pose, stretch, and bend over in full view of the big windows whenever she detected movement in the portal next door. Upon discovering that Lysle sometimes lurked in the window by himself early in the morning, she began using the nook for the purpose its name implied.
At first, she simply wore pajamas — tight, but not particularly sexy. After a couple of days, she tried out a sheer nightgown that she hoped showed off the darker circles of her areolas and the panties beneath. Silky pajamas that clung to her curves like a second skin followed a few days later. Showing off had her arousal at a near constant fever pitch, and she was going through batteries for her vibrator at an alarming pace.
For some reason, the early morning exhibitions for Lysle alone turned her on even more than when all his friends were watching. She rarely noticed his phone appear in the window, and imagined that he was selfishly keeping those shared, strangely intimate moments to himself.
The previous morning, she had worn the sexiest red bra and panties she owned to her breakfast appointment with the young next-door neighbor. Though she dared not risk more than the briefest of side-eye glances, she was certain he was touching himself as he watched her. He most certainly was in her fantasies.
She peeked through the curtains on her way to the nook, and confirmed that Lysle was in the window. Her newly purchased white bra and panty set were so sheer and lacy that she was practically wearing nothing at all. The dark shadow of the curls between her legs was plainly visible, as were her areolas and stiff nipples. Unlike every other morning, she carried nothing to eat with her into the breakfast nook.
After a couple of deep breaths to calm the butterflies in her stomach, she strutted into the nook, and over to the window. She leaned against it, peering into the back yard with her back arched to good effect. She had considered sexy, matching heels, but decided that was a little too much.
She could almost feel his hungry stare as she stepped back, stretched her arms overhead, and then slowly ran her hands down her body. One last brief, battle with nerves gave her pause, but she pushed through the fear of shame to reach behind her back. She imagined him gasping as she popped the clasp of her bra, and then again as she slipped it off her shoulders, baring her breasts.
She squeezed the firm mounds and gave her nipples a flick before sliding her hands down her body to the waistband of her panties. She turned, bent, and pushed them down with her ass thrust toward the window across the way. Once she stepped out of the last piece of her scant clothing, she slowly turned to fully display her body to the young voyeur. She risked a momentary glance toward the window, and saw an expression of open-mouthed awe on Lysle's face.
The electric thrill she experienced increased ten fold as she considered what she was going to do next. She pulled out a chair, but instead of sitting in it, she used it as a step to mount the table instead. Upon sitting down on the sun-warmed wood, she spread her legs wide toward Lysle's window, and began to masturbate.
She was soaking wet, and every touch of her fingers caused her to tremble. The pleasure was so intense that it bordered on painful. Her fingers traced the parting of her lips, and then spread them to reveal the pink hidden beneath the dark curls. Two slippery fingers moved to her clit.
A yelp escaped her and she lurched from the jolt of ecstasy that unleashed.
She gasped, moaned, and whimpered as her fingers assuaged the all-consuming ache between her legs. It wasn't long before rubbing wasn't enough, and she buried three fingers in her needy pussy. Her fingers plunged into her depths, and glistened with a thick coating of her nectar. Two more circled over her swollen clit at a rapid pace. She could imagine his cock throbbing as he watched her pleasure herself.
Before she could think better of it, she looked up and made eye contact with the young man across the way.
Not surprisingly, he dived out of sight.
She let out a sad whimper, and continued to lightly rub her clit with her fingers still completely engulfed in her canal.
A minute passed, and she began to despair that he would return. Then she saw a flash of movement near the bottom left of the window. A second later, his face appeared for the tiniest bit longer.
"Oh please," she begged as she stared intently at the window.
Lysle slowly leaned in front of the window, and she offered him a sultry smile while biting her bottom lip. She ceased teasing herself, and put her fingers back to work. He smiled as well when he settled in front of the window to enjoy the show.
A stuttering whimper escaped her from the desire she could see in his expression. She lifted her pussy-slick fingers to her lips, and sucked them clean. She mouthed the words slowly when she said, "Let me..." She pointed at herself. "See you." She pointed toward him, and then mimed pulling up a shirt before her throbbing clit demanded the attention of her fingers again.
Lysle looked off to one side, and then leaned forward until his face was almost pressed against the glass. He looked one direction, and then the other. Apparently satisfied, he moved back and pulled his shirt over his head.
"Oh god yes," she cried at the sight of his leanly muscled torso. She masturbated furiously for a few seconds — overwhelmed by need.
Once the ecstatic twinge ebbed, she lifted her fingers from her clit again, and mimed pulling his pants down with the glistening digits.
Lysle hesitated for a moment, and she prayed that he wouldn't balk. "Please. Oh please, let me see that cock," she begged while desperately trying to project the thought to him as well.
She threw her head back and screamed when he reached for the button of his jeans. He was pulling down the zipper by the time the spasm passed and she could focus her eyes on the window again. She fucked herself hard with her fingers and frigged her clit as he pushed his jeans down.
"Oh god yeah," she cried as he took his hard young cock in hand. He wasn't particularly large, but he certainly wasn't small. In that moment, the weeks of teasing, fantasizing, and anticipation hit her all at once. Her thrusting and flashing fingers went into a frenzy, pushing her to the point of no return.
She lurched and loosed a shriek as her orgasm claimed her.
Screams echoed back from the walls in rapid bursts as she thrashed and lurched in beautiful agony. Her throes were so violent that she nearly threw herself off the table. Were it not for the good fortune of her right foot slamming into the seat of the chair she'd used to climb up, she would have ended up in the floor.
On and on it went, until she was gasping for breath through a throat made hoarse from crying out in ecstasy. She continued to twitch and lurch as her vision dimmed and her heart raced. Her bare ass slipped across the wood, well-lubricated by her dripping juices.
She was on the verge of passing out when the electric jolts of climactic energy waned into aftershocks. Violent as they were, it was nothing compared to the sheer mind-numbing ecstasy of her orgasm. It took her yet a while longer before she regained any sort of control over her body.
When she did, she looked up to see Lysle smiling down at her with a lusty grin, and his hard cock still in hand.
Upon recovering from the quake that sight sent pulsing through her body, she looked up at him again, and couldn't hold back the weak laughter that shook her. She was glad there wasn't a mirror anywhere nearby, because she knew she had to look absolutely ridiculous.
Not that the look on Lysle's face even hinted at that.
She slowly and carefully sat up, bracing herself from behind with one hand — which sported three fingers still slippery with her creamy wetness. She felt as if she was absolutely glowing, but at the same time, there was a nagging itch between her legs.
"Oh, this is such a bad idea," she muttered to herself.
Nevertheless, she pointed toward her voyeuristic neighbor, turned her hand, and waved it in a come-hither gesture. She then made a circling motion, hoping he understood to come to the back gate.
Even across the distance, she could see his eyes widen. He pointed at himself, and then at her.
She answered with an exaggerated nod, and then gasped when he yanked up his pants while vanishing from the window.
Her trembling legs weren't particularly cooperative when she slipped off the table and tried to walk into the kitchen. She grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and soothed her parched throat as she walked back toward the breakfast nook.
She entered just in time to see the back gate she'd left unlatched swing open, and Lysle's eager, hungry smile.
****
Thank you for reading!
I decided to post some of my shorter works here. These are typically focused tales with one kink.
I hope you enjoyed this quick, naughty bit of exhibitionism. Please take a moment to vote. ( Once per reader )