A loud crack of thunder and a simultaneous bolt of lightning was all it took for my neighbor Jeff and I to grab our clubs off the cart and head for the parking lot. We had gone over to the course even though rain was predicted. I guess we would have to wait until next Saturday and be satisfied with beers on my covered porch instead.
When we arrived back home I told Jeff to head around the side of the house to the porch and turn on the TV while I went to the garage to grab the beers. As I came around the side of the house to join him, I noticed Jeff standing next to one of the porch columns looking toward the back window of the house. He was holding his phone as if he were taking a picture. I found his behavior very strange, so instead of announcing that I'd returned, I kept moving past the porch until I was directly behind him and could see what he was looking at.
My mouth fell open and I almost dropped the beers when I realized that my beautiful wife was laying on the couch just inside our big picture window. Her sports bra was pushed up over her big firm tits, which she was rubbing with her left hand. Her right leg was slung over the back of the couch while her left leg was up in the air. Her tiny nylon running shorts dangled from her left foot. In her right hand was a huge purple dildo, which she was ramming in and out of her cunt. Her head was tossed back against the pillow and her eyes closed. Clearly, she was rapidly approaching orgasm.
I was stunned and couldn't move. I immediately realized Jeff was videoing this! Part of me wanted to step out and bust up the party, but my cock jumped in my pants and I stayed put out of sight.
To my amazement, Jen started screaming "Oh fuck! Fuck! My pusssssyy!!" You could clearly hear her through the window as she thrashed around on the couch for several seconds before settling down.
Jeff turned quickly and left. He had not seen me. Moments later my phone pinged with a text from him. "Sorry man, I had to get home. Let's try again next Saturday."
I pulled my cock out and spanked my meat thinking about what I'd witnessed. My sexy wife getting off in front of our neighbor. I shot my load high into the air and milked my cock until it was dry. What the hell just happened? I thought to myself.
As I entered the house, I could hear Jen singing in the shower. I walked into the bathroom. "Hi Honey! How was golf?" she cheerfully greeted me. "Great! What have you been up to?" I asked. "Oh, just finished my workout." She added. Some workout! I thought to myself without pursuing it any further. I have always known my wife loves to masturbate and she knows I enjoy watching, but I doubt either one of us ever considered someone else watching. At least I hadn't considered it!
For the next several days I couldn't get the image out of my head of Jen masturbating while Jeff watched. I fucked her several times to violent orgasm each time. "You sure are horny lately." She commented but didn't ask why.
The next Saturday I pulled into the parking lot of the golf course just as my phone pinged. A text from my neighbor Jeff, who was supposed to be meeting me for the round of golf that was postponed last weekend. 'Can't make it. Enjoy your round.' Was all it said.
My mind immediately went back to last Saturday when I had observed him secretly videoing my wife through our back window. I pretty much guessed why he was cancelling out of our golf game.
I drove directly home and parked down the street. Our house backs up to a thick wooded area that goes back several hundred feet. It's very private, which is why we never bothered to install blinds on the back windows. I approached our house from the woods. As I got to the edge of the trees, which are only about thirty feet from the back of the house, I saw Jeff. He stood next to the house just beyond the picture window with his phone in his hand. Two can play at this game! I thought as I got my phone out and started videoing him playing peeping Tom!
At first, I was pissed and almost confronted him, but then I heard music begin to play inside the house. Soon I saw movement. My mouth gaped open as my wife walked into the room wearing only a tiny red G-string and a pair of high heels. She looked fantastic! In her right hand she had a glass of wine, which she sipped from as she began dancing by the couch. In her left hand she had the wine bottle. She continued dancing seductively to the music and drinking her wine until her glass was empty. She then poured another glass and drained about half of it before sitting it down on the end table. To my astonishment, she then placed the bottle between two of the seat cushions with the neck sticking straight up. She continued dancing around awhile before turning her back to the window and placing her left knee on the couch. She then brought her right knee up and over until the bottle was directly below her pussy lips!
Hell! I thought to myself. Is she going to fuck that wine bottle? As if reading my thoughts, she slowly lowered her ass until the neck of the wine bottle disappeared up her snatch! Her body gave a little quake as her pussy adjusted to the tapering width of the bottle. At first, she simply let her body slowly sink, but once she was impaled by several inches she began rocking up and down very slowly.
I briefly looked at Jeff. The son of a bitch had his cock out and was stroking it! Again, I almost charged out of the woods to confront him, but as I glanced back at the window I could see Jen had picked up her pace and was now in a full-on fuck of the bottle. Both hands had a death grip on the back of the couch and her tits were bouncing uncontrollably up and down as she ground her clit against the rigid glass. Each time she raised up I could see her juices glistening on the bottle and running down the sides.
Jeff was now stroking his prick furiously. Jen's body started shaking uncontrollably as she threw her head back and screamed "Fuck me! Fuck me with your huge cock!". Holy shit! She was fantasizing about getting fucked by a real cock! Just then, her head flew back, and she started whaling in orgasm. Jeff blew his load straight out. The first two ropes of spunk hit the window and proceeded to run down the glass. Jen continued banging the wine bottle until she reached the end of her climax. As she rolled slowly off the bottle, I was shocked to see her pull the bottle from the cushions and take a huge drink from it.
Jeff then zipped up and hightailed it out, leaving his deposit to dry on the window.
I went back to my car and drove to the house, making enough noise that Jen knew I was home. When I walked into our bedroom she met me at the door, hastily pulling on one of my button-down shirts over her bare tits, her faced still flushed. She wore only the G-string underneath. I asked her how her day was going. "Great!" she stammered. "I love Saturdays!" as she started to walk away from me. I slipped my arms around her from behind and immediately reached under the shirt to her soaking crotch. "Well it appears you do!" I said as I pulled my cock out of my pants and bent her over the bed.
Wasting no time, I pulled her G-string to the side and positioned my cock head at her wet opening. I then pushed into her and immediately started banging her cunt without the least bit of pretense. This time it was about me cumming and I went at her pussy with a vengeance. Holding her hips tight and slamming my meat home until my balls began to tighten and let loose of my cum deep into her twat. I continued banging her until my cock was empty. As I rolled onto the bed next to her she looked at me. "Mind explaining what that was all about?" she said with a confused look.
I smiled and said nothing at first. Then I sat up on the edge of the bed and got out my cell phone. Without another word, I played the video. Jen's mouth dropped open as she realized what she was watching. There stood Jeff less than six feet from where she was on the couch. It was clear he was videoing her performance. She gasped as he took his cock out and began stroking it. When he came on the window, she jerked back from the phone, looked at me with a horrified stare "I'm so sorry! I didn't know! I'm sorry honey!" she pleaded as tears filled her eyes.
"It's okay baby. I'm not mad at you. I think Jeff is a douche bag, but I'm not mad at you. In fact, I thought your show was the most erotic thing I've ever seen!" Jen looked up at me, clearly relieved.