All people in this story were 18 or older, some elements of the story are true, all names have been changed.
It's Monday around 10:30 a.m. and I am bored. My wife Jane is at her Monday classes on campus, she won't be home until later in the afternoon. I work a Tuesday through Saturday schedule thus on Monday's I am off and alone most of the day.
Being both bored and horny, I decide to layout and work on my all over tan. This posed a problem in that we have a neighbor on one side of us that the wife is a stay at home mom and is usually around the house. When I first started tanning nude, I came up with a location where I could be naked and on one could see me.
Behind our house is a woods and on the other side of the woods is a farmers field. Previously I had explored the woods and came across a part of the field that is secluded. The crop in the field this year is winter wheat and it hasn't been combined yet.
When I previously scoped the field out, I found a place where i can lay next to the unharvested wheat on one side and the forest on the other. When laying down, I can't be seen unless someone is right on top of me.
Wanting to make sure the neighbor lady Becky, didn't see me, I would leave by the front door and go around the far corner of the house, cut across the corner of our yard and then into the woods. Making my way through the woods, I come out on my secret place to tan in the nude.
I find my secret spot and lay out the towel I brought with me. Taking my clothes off, I proceed to lay down on my stomach and start soaking up the sun while reading a porno novel a guy at work had given to me.
Eventually the sun is getting hot on my back and laying on my hard dick is uncomfortable, so I turn over on my back to get some sun on my front and to get some relief from laying on my dick. .
Even though the book i am reading doesn't have much in the way of a plot, there's some really good sex taking place among the sexy sounding characters. I surprisingly, am actually getting into the book and my dick has responded by standing straight up and is starting to leak pre-cum.
Giving my dick a quick stroke, I then wipe the pre-cum off my dick and then sticking it in my mouth, proceed to lick it off my fingers. I then milk my dick getting all the pre-cum out of my dick, catching it with my fingers as it comes out of the hole in my dick. I then stick these fingers in my mouth and enjoy the taste and texture of my pre-cum as I lick my fingers clean.
Having gotten the pre-cum issue taken care of and my dick is happy sticking straight up, I pick up my book and start to read again. I am back into the sexual action taking place when I catch what appeared to be a movement out of the corner of my eye, just inside the tree line of the woods.
Not sure if I really saw something or not, i lay still and start reading again while paying more attention to my peripheral vision towards the woods. I haven't seen any more movement but I haven't heard anything either.
Just as I am about to chalk it up to a bird or my imagination, I catch movement again in the same location. Laying still, I shift my eyes over towards the woods and start looking toward the spot where I picked up the movement.
It takes me a minute or two before I finally pick out a human form in a cluster of bushes growing at the tree line. I really can't see who it is at this point, but I can make out a form and dark colored clothes.
In a minute the form shifts again and this time I can tell it is a female and they are watching me.
Not knowing what to do, I continue to lay there pretending to read my book while watching the form. Apparently my dick likes this suspense as it is rock hard and throbbing with each beat of my heart. I look down and the pre-cum has started again and is starting to run down the side of my dick and pool on my stomach.
Not knowing what else to do and being incredibly horny, first from the sex in the book and then from being watched by an unknown female. I decide to take matters in hand. Literally...
I put the book down and with my eyes only half closed so I could still see my voyeur, I begin to play with my body. I start by rubbing my nipples with both hands, which sends a tingle down to my ball sac where I am building up a monster load of cum. My cock also liking the tingles, twitches each time i tweak my nipples.
This is causing my excitement level to rise and that in turn causes more pre-cum to flow. With my dick now covered in pre-cum, I proceed to clean it off with my fingers and again lick it off my fingers as I place them in my mouth.
As I lightly trace the way down my chest with one hand towards my dick, I can see my watcher has shifted her position slightly to evidently get into a better viewing angle. The shift in position has moved her to where I can make out some of her facial features. As I study her face in the shadows, I keep thinking there is something familiar about this person.
By now, both of my hands have moved down to my groin area and I have one hand cupping my nut sac, lightly massaging it, while the other hand starts to stroke my dick. Now as a side note, my dick isn't one of those 9 inch war clubs you hear about in many of these stories. I am pretty much an average Joe with a 6 inch dick that is a little above average in thickness. While it's not going to win a big dick contest, it seems to keep Jane happy and she is quite content with its size. I like to think it's not the size that counts, it's how you use what you have.
Anyway, my watcher shifts position again as I am jacking my dick and more of her features are revealed. Suddenly, it dawns on me, I am looking at my neighbor Becky. Not only is she watching me, but her shorts and panties are down around her ankles, showing a neatly trimmed bush between her legs, and her t-shirt and bra are pulled up exposing her nicely formed breasts and hard nipples.
As I watch, Becky is rubbing her hands over her body, teasing her nipples, caressing her butt cheeks and lightly tracing the lips to her vagina.
Apparently Becky is quite turned on as I can see moisture glistening on her pussy lips and they appear to be quite swollen.
Let me tell you about Becky. She is about 5 feet 6 inches tall, probably around 125 pounds, blonde hair and blue eyes. She has long legs a cute butt and what must be C cup boobs. Becky isn't a sexy dresser, but you can tell that she has an incredible body under the clothes she wears. I have wondered what she would look like naked, but never expected to actually see her. Becky is also married to Jack who seems to be a nice guy. Jane and I have lived next to them for a year and a half now and really don't know them that well.
This realization that Becky is watching me causes a surge of alarm in me, My first thought is, OH CRAP..., how did she find me here and what is her reaction going to be. I am SO screwed..
At the same time, I am watching her pleasure her naked body while she watches me.
As my mind races trying to process these conflicting thoughts, the thought of her catching me naked and she is now naked pleasuring herself, gradually rises to the top and I relax, and enjoy the situation.
Aware that the excitement in my groin, is causing my nut sack to contract, this sends a surge of pre-cum flowing out of my dick and dripping down the side, covering my fingers. Raising my hand to mouth, I proceed to slowly insert each finger into my mouth licking and sucking each finger clean of pre-cum.
Becky is getting quite turned on and in order to get better access to her pussy, she steps out of her shorts and panties and kicks them aside. Then grasping her t-shirt, she pulls it over her head and drops it on the ground, reaches behind her back and unclips her bra, dropping it to the ground also.
Standing naked in the woods, with her body completely exposed to me, Becky moves her legs apart, using one hand she spreads her pussy lips apart and with her other hand, begins to tease her clit and then she inserts a finger into her pussy. With her focus now completely on enjoying the pleasure her pussy is experiencing, Becky begins to fuck herself with first one finger and then adding more as her lust increases with each thrust.
Reaching even further for more pleasure, Becky moves her hand from spreading her pussy lips to rubbing small circles around her clit, while continuing to fuck her pussy with three fingers of her other hand. All the while, Becky is emitting small gasps and whimpers as tingles of pleasure shoot through her pussy.
As I watch Becky's performance, I again clean the pre-cum from my dick and insert my fingers into my mouth cleaning the clean slick fluid from them.
Becky, watching me do this, pulls her fingers from her pussy and inserts them one at a time into her mouth, slowly and erotically licking and sucking them like she was making love to a dick.
As she sucks the juice from her pussy off her fingers, she begins to take deep breaths and her legs shake a little. Putting her fingers back in her cunt, she fucks herself wildly as she rubs her swollen and protruding clit.
I am fast approaching my orgasm as my balls have a full load of cum and I am feeling it begin to release. With Becky watching me, I gasp an, UNGH, UNGH, UNNNGGGHHH as my orgasm explodes and I shoot several loads of cum out of my dick onto my chest and stomach. It feels as if my dick has exploded and I am gasping for air as I continue to pump white sticky cum out of my hard dick.
Becky watching me cum, gives a loud YELP and her body convulses as her orgasm engulfs her. Becky throws her head back, with her mouth in an O and whimpers as wave after wave of intense pleasure wash over her body.
As her Orgasm begins to recede, Becky's knees buckle, unable to support her any longer and she falls to her hands and knees, breathing heavily. After another minute or so, she looks up at me and says, Wow, that was something.
Before I can gather my wits about me, Becky has a look of realization come across her face, says "oh shit". Grabbing her clothes, she bolts from her observation spot and disappears back into the woods.
That evening, Becky tells Jack that she has something to tell him. She then describes how she had seen Al several times going into the woods with a towel and book, only to return a couple of hours later.
Being curious what was going on, she had watched for Al going into the woods and slipped into the woods following him. She was very cautious as she didn't want to be seen by Al.
When she came upon Al laying naked in the field, her first impulse was to turn around and leave. However, Becky had always been fascinated by watching her husband Jack masturbate and when she saw that Al was jacking off, she couldn't tear her eyes away.
Becky told Jack that as Al got more and more into pleasuring himself, she felt her own desires building and without realizing what she was doing, had slipped her shorts down and started rubbing her clit. Becky then described how she got completely naked by pushing up her t-shirt and her bra, freeing her boobs. Becky showed Jack how she used her hands to pleasure herself as both she and Al masturbated while watching each other.
As Becky was relating her experience to Jack of how she watched Al and masturbated, Jack and Becky were both getting turned on. Becky removed all of her clothes and began demonstrating how she masturbated, and Jack, getting turned on by Becky's demonstration, removes his clothes and Becky has him lay down like Al did.
As Becky narrates the experience, she directs Jack to imitate Al, with both of them becoming consumed by the re-creation. As Jack strokes his dick in imitation of Al, Becky is finger fucking herself as she rubs her clit. As both of their level of excitement reaches fever pitch, Becky's pussy is flowing with moisture and a thin string of lubrication drips from her pussy lips onto the floor. Jack on seeing this, crests with his orgasm and tensing his whole body, shoots load after load of cum onto his stomach and chest. Becky seeing her husband's dick shooting cum, gives one last thrust with her fingers into her pussy and explodes in her own orgasm, falling onto the bed as her legs are unable to hold her up.
As they lay together resting, Jack tells Becky how Jane had flashed her pussy to him the day before and how it had to be on purpose and didn't seem to bother Jane as she did it twice.
READ "The Drive Home From Class" for details on this story.
Becky and Al discussed what they should do about this, both agreeing this was incredibly hot, but how would they approach their neighbors about what happened.