Wednesday morning 10:00 AM.
"I feel so alive."
Margo Olivia Ashmore-Needy halted her three mile run along a beaten path through her estate and along its borderline. Not all of it belonging to her, but the state of Pennsylvania itself, regardless it was home. The wilderness trail was stunning on all sides, with an amass of trees, visiting water birds inhabiting a pristine lake the size of a football field, it just could not get any better. Fresh air and pine scent filtered out any obnoxious odors such as scat from numerous animals in the area. The singing birds in the treetops was like reliving a symphony of welcome home praise from a loved one. God's country? Darryl Needy's at least.
In her heavy breathing conceived rest stop near the lake, she decides to take a moment to reflect on the last few weeks. So much had happened in such a short time. Her adopted son Elliot was in Paris France to study abroad. Four of his nineteen year old friends were sharing her massive estate to assist her financially. The fabulous sex with each of them before and after playing her game of tag you're it with all four boys until they reversed her strategy into a feeding frenzy of lust, that they all took part in knowing that she wanted them. They and more, Her own hunger for sex out of control these days. She had her late husband Darryl to thank for her behavior. He led her into a life of sexual freedom, well freedom in the sense of other men, a few women. Slave was in her vocabulary, but not on a level that some in the BDSM world practiced. Now that the boys had been allowed into the attic sanctuary of her husband Darryl they had discovered her fondness for bondage, abusing her of late in the process. Abuse that she was quite alright with as long as she was not harmed. It was quite liberating to her soul to be strung up bound tight and helpless to their starvation of her holes.
She could sense the boys evolving into more than eager teenagers since. Heath Talbot was not the happy go lucky young man that first entered her home. Now he wanted to be her Master fulltime, an option she leaned toward sexually but not 24/7, going so far as to encouraging her to refer to all four boys as Master. Five by adding in Jeffrey Hancock, Brian's brother. Serving each of them sexually was already on her daily routine, so calling them Master seemed logical. It would be up to each of them to determine who controlled her how and when. Heath had even plastered his bedroom walls with copied pictures of Margo in her modelling gigs. Some nudes turned into posters on his ceiling over his bed. It was her honor to feed into his lust. Still, the thought of what her son Elliot might think of his almost stalker friend if he should ever see Heath's bedroom made her edgy. Getting past that fear for now was easy enough until his six months overseas ended and he returned home. Heath even wanted her to call Elliot her Master. That was something she insisted could not happen ever. She drew the line there. Her son although having a crush on her, so they all revealed was not to be a part of this new life she was living. Of course, that could change once he returned. Something she found disturbing. She would deal with it later.
Brian Hancock, another beast entirely. He was sucker punching her at every turn. Selling her as if he was her pimp for money. Not that she objected to the sex with others who lived elsewhere, it was certainly fulfilling to her nymphomaniac tendencies. First came Brian's brother Jeffrey sneaking into her dark bedroom and acting as if he were Brian. He was a magnificent lover and she did know him. That was very easy for her to accept. He wanting to move out with them in two months seemed logical, yet the only room available was Elliot's. She needed to figure out where he might live without sharing a room with Brian. Temporarily using Elliot's room was alright, but not long term.
Second came the gangbang of paying friends. What Brian did was not cool to the other boys, Heath the closest to agreeing that he was using her as she should be used. To a degree Margo didn't mind, but being prepared for it all seemed the smart thing to do. Then, again the intimate rape was one of the most erotic things she had ever faced. At least they paid for her time. It did allow her to turn on her AC for at least a month of comfort. It might require her to do more of Brian's mischief if the air should remain on. Video taken of her entire gangbang thrilled her, yet she worried it might be abused at the wrong time. She was meeting with an Appraiser in just a few hours to see if she could borrow against her property and seek investors to build her Bed & Breakfast. She needed to focus on that venture as much as the needs of her young Masters. One wrong move would set her back on track toward losing it all.
Then there was Eric Crowe. Eric was less interested in being her Master and more of just her lover. He had more respect than Brian and Heath defending her even though he did find bondage intriguing as a fun thing not as a degrading option. She was working on helping him understand things better but she did enjoy someone she could talk to that didn't demand her holes every second. Not that she would ever deny Eric. If he matured into a more controlling force, she would obey him.
There was also Eric's fantasies that crept in. After Elliot's going away party where Margo belly danced for over twenty young, lustful graduates, teasing them into a minor frenzy he envisioned more. Asking her if she would consider a repeat performance now that her son was not in the country to object or be mortified by her sluttiness, she told him it would be her honor to stimulate those who had been there before. She knew where that would lead and it gave her goosebumps, as well as very wet panties. When she was allowed to wear them.
"All of these thoughts are going to make me masturbate." She giggled as she walked the lake shore. Ducks swimming by said hello as she found a stump that Darryl had left there to sit on. Her throne he called it. Funny that he used to tie her naked over it with rope and tent spikes then eat her or use toys on her. Nature calls he would say. It was a magical place, even a canoe along the bank awaited lovers. She thought of Cabot Ross, he would be her first choice to man the oars. He was the sweetest of the four. Still, capable of aggressiveness yet by far the most respectful.
He had been busy between work and dating the lovely Maria Salazar. While Margo approved of the Guatemalan Goddess she did miss him at home. The only time this week that she had seen him was when all of the boys had the rare same night off, caging her like a dog. Maria working a double that night at the nursing home gave her at least the pleasure of romantic kisses. He had not abandoned her with the promise of never. Margo was fine sharing his attentions with another, that and he was keeping to himself some secrets from his buddies until recently, that he had more than Maria after his fine ass buns. She knew of two waitresses, twin sisters at the restaurant he worked at had turned their seductions on to him. He was quickly becoming wore out from dividing his time in order to keep all of them interested. Not sexually as of yet but it was heading in that direction. Lucky man indeed.
Sitting Indian style on the tall stump she caressed the healing hickies on her neckline, they were still tender from the gangbang and gradually fading away. War wounds Brian called them. All four boys along with Brian's brother Jeff didn't let her sensual scarring get in their way, they took her with zero objection. Some men might be incapable, not her mentally adopted sons. She rolled her eyes referring to them as her sons. It had become a running gag amongst them. She was getting used to all the terms and loving most. MILF! COUGAR! SLUT! WHORE! Her favorite of late was CUNT! Minus the STUPID that went with it. Maybe she was. Still smiling.
In the serenity of the lake Margo Needy stripped off her shorts, sports bra, and G-string, leaving only her socks and tennis shoes on. Resting back on her stump, not the most comfortable of beds while looking up at the passing clouds. Envisioning Darryl tying her to the stump and torturing her with his tongue she played with herself. She knew there should be no one here being private land, yet the lake did border the outside world. She didn't care. Let them see should they be watching. It wasn't duck hunting season so that should prohibit and deter most trespassers. If anyone were out here it would be a Ranger.
"Mmmmm! Where are you hiding Mister Ranger Sir?" She giggled dipping two fingers inside her succulent pink depression. Her hole wet and warm gave way to rapid insertions, opposing hand rubbing her clit. The freedom and sunshine was intoxicating. As Darryl faded in her mind she went from roommate to roommate picturing them taking turns on her. That led her further into her stimulation quest, thinking of the basement gangbang, some of her unexpected lovers so very handsome and talented. Jeffrey sneaking up on her. The bonfire boys watching her belly dancing skirt escape her hips so that her hands had to hide her pussy from them, yet knowing her ass was ripe for lustful eyes.
"I can't wait for another bonfire. All of those men stripping me, touching, kissing my nipples, eating me, fingering my holes. FUCCCCCKKKING ME." She swiftly cums at being mentally swarmed and taken against her will. Willing, but showing them a good time as they thought differently. "That's it, pull my hair, choke me, ram those cocks down my throat. Yesssssssss!" Two down one massive gusher brewing. "No Cabot don't pull them off of me. Stay back. Let them do what they want with me. YESSSSSSSSSSSS!" With her final convulsion fleeting Margo sits up licking her fingertips, ducks applauding her performance as if a hundred sets of hands clapping. Crawling from her drenched stump Margo bows to her feathered audience. Dressed she headed home. Fun while it lasted.
With only an hour before the Appraiser, whom was also an Architect, came out to put together a mental idea for a blueprint, Margo stripped out of her jogging clothes and showered. Looking absolutely radiant she starts to decide on her attire. This was one of those days that she needed to be herself. As if her Masters would let that happen.
"You're not looking for the right kind of clothes." Heath Talbot snuck up behind her, kissing her shoulder and nuzzling her ear.
"No work today?" She shivered and palmed his cheek from behind.
"Night job. Have a good run?"
"Yes I did. I stopped by the lake and masturbated thinking of my Masters."
"Nice."
"The Architect will be here in thirty minutes Sweet Master. I need to get dressed."
"Not in these clothes." He sways her away from dresses.
"Master if I may? I need to be myself and put on a good impression. Even though I'm certain my banker Jacob has forewarned him of my openness this is about my future."
"Your future is being the finest slave you can be."
"I agree. However, we did discuss this Master. I do require my own identity in times such as this."
"Do you? Do you really?" He yanks her into a sweltering kiss that fogs her thoughts, her hormones rising with each lash of dueling tongues. Walking her backwards against her will toward an area of bikinis he reaches behind her head, lips still melded together, her eyes closed, his not. Selecting a bright pink bikini he drapes it over her shoulder, before tugging her lower lip with his, brushing his bottom lip up and down over hers. "You're wearing this."
Revival of sanity she shivers and looks to her left shoulder. Pinching it she pulls it in for a better observation. Brows lifting she smirks, "This is one of my skimpiest. Don't you think this might put on a bad impression for the business dealings I need to discuss?"
"Only if the guy is into men."
"True. Men usually prefer stimulation."
"Get dressed and go lay out by the pool. I'll let your Architect in and bring him to you. Play along, I promise I won't let this deal go South." Sighing Margo caves against her better judgment and puts the bikini on. Certainly sexy as hell, her tits barely restrained by cups that pulled tight over her 40D silicone delights, nipples stabbing high as always. Her bottoms a patch that drifts low into pubic territory, hair not an issue as she kept it silky smooth. The micro thin strings tied to both hips looked like angel hair spaghetti, belly button jewelry dangling as if bait over her fishing hole. "Daaaamn slut. If that Architect doesn't leave blue prints all over this gorgeous body he's out of his mind."
"I'm sure he will. Blue prints...that's cute. Maybe if you use an ultraviolet light in the dark you will find his cum stains."
"Just might. Better be glows from head to toe or I'll see to it that becomes the case."
"Mmmm! Bukkake? Mmmmm!"
"Love your Master." He squints demanding attention. A five minute lip lock in her closet broke only when Heath pinches her ass. "Grab your baby oil and shine this body up. Make the guy hard in thirty seconds or I'll punish your ass. AM I CLEAR?"
"Yes Master." He turns her toward the door and pats her bottom to send her on her way. Margo Needy loved this, but her fears were expectant. This could ruin everything. Why was she not enforcing her own line in the sand? Her identity was becoming in question.
While Margo obtained her oil and towel Heath headed upstairs to the attic. He had more mischief in mind. He had it in his head to make Margo realize that even serving him as he wanted that she could still have enough sway to break any man down to her will sexually. She knew how to succeed without his influence but he grew determined to make his own points clear. Let him, she would win some way with or without him. Looking over a large cabinet in the attic's bondage chamber of her late husband Darryl Needy, Heath found what he recalled seeing over the last few days. Gathering his toys the young Mister Talbot headed back downstairs and put on his swimming trunks.
With only twelve minutes to spare Heath darted out to the pool and discovered Margo glossy from head to toe, just as he ordered. Eyeing her bikini he shook his head, "Top off." Her brown eyes trembling she sat up and untied her top letting it slip to the concrete beside her lounge chaise. A swift snatch of her oil bottle he douses her tits and rubs the oil in for her. Digging into a plastic shopping bag of toys he produces nipple clamps and without her permission applies them. She winces at the pressure on her meaty bullets but does not resist. Looking them over he puckers, "Damn that's sexy. Sit back up."
Doing so he retrieves a spiked collar and encircles her neck with it, replacing the hooked ring collar she had been wearing. She knew where this was headed. Locked on to her neck with a tiny lock he pockets the key and softly grips her chin. "This man knows you're owned. Understood?"
Sighing she nods, "Yes." Let Heath play his petty game. She would make the best of a tough situation. A tough situation that just arrived. Hearing a car pull up out front Heath stands and takes his bag of tricks with him. Pointing at her he declares one last time, "Do as you're told." She would do her best. "Fingers under your bottoms when I bring him out."
"Yes Master." She whimpers, "Why are you letting him destroy your chances at getting this loan? Dammit Margo."
As she heard the doorbell ring she spots Heath racing inside to answer the door. It was all in Heath's hands now. Opening the door he finds a thin man in his late 40's with peppered hair and sunglasses on. He was wearing a grey suit without a tie, jacket unbuttoned.
"You must be Margo's Architect."
"That would be me. Is Mrs. Needy around?"
"Sunbathing by the pool. Come on in, I'll take you out there."
Looking shocked by her unprofessionalism he had to grin. When was the last time he took a meeting with a woman in a bikini? Dwayne Valance kept an open mind. It was true that Jacob Overmeyer had warned him of Margo's openness. He was about to discover just how open. Heath leading him through the massive home took him through the French doors. Proud of Margo, Heath saw her not wearing her bottoms even, she was totally nude and masturbating, back arching as she enjoys the sun.
"Margo?" Heath called out, her head tilting to look his way, dark sunglasses covering her eyes. "Your appointment is here."
Eyes bulging he lowers his own shades after lifting them inside the house. In awe Dwayne tried to keep his composure. Walking toward her he led with, "Beautiful day isn't it? Love the scenery." He meant Margo, not the wilderness behind her. This was going to be a very interesting meeting.
"Mister Valance, welcome. I hope you don't mind my pleasuring myself. I'm quite certain Jacob has prepared you for this meet."
"He did not do you justice. You're stunning."
"Thank you. I'm not going to stop so please have a seat."
"Thank you...for both." He steps around her and pulls up a deck chair to sit facing her as he watched her fingers lift out then plunge back inside her pink pussy. Pretty amazing he thought.
"Need a cold drink?" Heath pointed at both of them, "Water? Tea?"
"Tea sounds great." Dwayne replies.
"Oil for me, Kind Sir." She blows Heath a kiss without using her hand.
"Be right back." Heath ran for the house and swiftly poured a glass of iced tea then returned to them. Passing Rudy his glass Heath stepped next to Margo and snatches up her oil bottle. Dousing her from head to toe he corks the bottle then kneels to begin rubbing her glossier than she was before. Rudy sipping his tea popped a hard on instantaneously. Margo sighed finding it mentally amusing how Heath was obeying her and kneeling instead of she. Let him figure out his mistake on his own, perhaps he would take it out on her holes for his oversight.
"That's lovely Sir Heath. So, Mister Valance looking over the grounds within eyesight, would you say I might be able to get a loan to remodel and open a B&B?"
"The property sure opens itself to a relaxing getaway. Mountains, wilderness, wildlife, it's pretty darn peaceful."
Heath tugs the nipple clamps to make certain they were still tight. She let out a low gasp as he did. Looking up at Dwayne, Heath nods, "Doesn't she just scream slave?"
"Pardon me?"
"Collar doesn't give you a clue?"
"Ah, yes. I see it now. Very interesting indeed."
"Move your fingers." Heath pats her insertion hand, coaxing them out. Feeding fingers upon her taste buds before Dwayne's eyes she smiles at him. Heath in her hands absence puts his own fingers inside her and very vividly finger fucks her. Margo Needy moaned and yelped at the top of her lungs, her young Master knew how to find that G-spot and destroy it. In seconds she squirts all over his knuckles. Nodding his approval Heath looks up at Dwayne, "Just helping her move along so you two can get down to business faster."
"Thank you Master." She huffs and teases her areolas, avoiding the clamps, "I hope I'm not scaring you Mister Valance."
"Not at all, call me Dwayne."
"Thank you Dwayne. Would you like me to show you around?"
"That would be helpful." He toasts her his tea glass.
"Just a second." Heath halts her rise and leaves for only a short distance before returning with a chain link dog leash. Hooking it to her collar he snaps his fingers for her to sit up pretty. Standing her he guides her around her chaise and offers the leash handle to Dwayne. "Hold on tight, she likes to pull."
Accepting the leash Dwayne shakes his head smirking. Standing tall in front of her he looks deeply at Margo's beauty, "Are you certain?"
"My Master has offered me up, I am yours until you leave here today."
"Mine?"
"Business." She blushes.
"Oh, right."
"Unless my Master is offering more?"
"You can wing it Dwayne. I'll be in the house making lunch. You two have fun."
"Umm! Alright. I think." Dwayne shrugs at Margo as Heath departs. Once Heath enters the house and seals the French door Margo sighs.
"I didn't plan on this Dwayne. I've recently chosen to obey Heath there. He's coming into his own as a Master. If you don't object to the atmosphere of my nudity and the leash we can tour the property and go inside the house to see what we might arrange to add on to the home in order to fit my dream."
"Shall we?"
"You're the leader Mister Valance. I'll just point like a good dog."
"He did say you liked to pull." Dwayne winks and guides the two of them into a walk down into the grass. "May I say that this is the craziest thing I've ever seen?"
"I understand. I hope my actions has no negative outlook concerning my future. I truly do want to get my Bed & Breakfast retreat off the ground. I hope the appraisal you quote me with is enough to use as collateral."
"We'll work something out." He smirks, "You have an amazing body Mrs. Needy."
"I work out daily."
"I can certainly see that. Your muscle tone is gorgeous. You must drive men wild."
"Again, Jacob has filled you in on my...past. I enjoy making men very happy. You Dwayne are a man."
"I am definitely all that. Where shall I lead you?"
"Anywhere you like. How much do you need to see outside of the house itself? I have 180 acres of land, a pond that's well stocked with fish. It might need some landscaping come Bed & Breakfast but people can go out on it for romantic canoe rides. There's even a large treehouse my late husband built our son. Even that might be converted into a scenic overnight room to get in touch with nature."
"Sounds incredible. So, what additions are you requesting I design? I'm going to appraise high because I see no reason that your dream should not come true."
"It's that easy?" Margo smiles.
"On my end yes. On your financiers end I can't promise anything. I'm only the middle man. There's always investors if the banks won't finance the whole venture."
"I might have a few options there. Darryl had very influential friends."
"That always helps. I hope when your dream comes true you allow me to be one of your first guests."
"Absolutely. I'll book you myself."
"Wonderful."
"I need to use the bathroom." She frowns.
"Oh! Here's the leash I'll wait here." He opts to hand it over.
"My Master would be cross with me. Do you mind?" She lowers to squat while peering over her sunglasses at him with hesitant eyes.
"You're going to...go out here?"
"Yes." She pees right in front of him.
"Wow! That's...sexy."
"I'm glad you think so. I'm happy I'm not embarrassing you."
"Not even close. After the stories I've heard about you I looked forward to today. You have not disappointed."
"It's not in my nature to disappoint men. I suppose I must admit, I hadn't planned on this but my Master tends to put me in my place. I need to make a good impression on both you and anyone that might finance my venture. I need this Bed & Breakfast in order to keep my late husband's estate."
"Money tight after his passing?"
"Yes. That is why I've rented out rooms to tide me over until I can get some loans approved." She finishes her urinating and shakes herself a bit to remove droplets before standing. Once up she smiles brightly, "Over here is my husband's garage. He collected a couple classic cars which I suppose I could use as collateral along with the estate itself. I'm sure they must be worth something. Darryl kept them pristine. Well, he did, I've been rather negligent toward them since his passing. I'm afraid I'm not as keen on cars as he was, I don't even have a driver's license."
"I totally understand. Cars are usually a man's hobby."
Their journey reaches the garage, Dwayne opening the door for her to enter. Her tight ass was ogled on the way through. Tempted to touch it he chose the better part of valor. Lord he wanted to. Within the garage she shows him both of her normal vehicles before the covered ones. She allows him to uncover two of them just enough to take a few pictures with his cell. One being a 1972 Red Plymouth Barracuda, another a 1927 Bugatti Roadster, that one caught him by surprise.
"If you want to sell the Bugatti I might invest." He looked it over thoroughly. "I hope you don't mind my taking pictures."
"Not at all. Would you like me to model on them for you?" She appeared hopeful.
"In the nude?"
"Of course. Anything that might get my investors interested I'm game."
"In the car or in you?" He laughed.
"I would hope both."
"With the leash on?"
"Only one of my Masters can remove it." She fidgeted slightly.
"Masters? As in more than one?" He expressed curiosity.
"I know it seems strange to serve more than one Master but yes. I have five."
"Lucky fellas. I'd love to possess a woman as stunning as you."
"That might be arranged for a few hours if you asked nicely." She winked.
"I just might. Please, sit on the hood carefully. Dents will lower the value." She in turn very cautiously climbed atop the black hood of the Bugatti and posed seductively. He snapped multiple pictures of her as she contorted in creative ways. Dwayne Michael Valance was getting quite erect. She noticed, it made her very happy to be of help. More photos on and inside the Barracuda were taken. "That should be enough. Mind if I blow the pics up and poster my mancave?"
"Please do."
"Your husband tinkered on cars? I notice tools everywhere."
"He tried. The tools were more for show I think. He was on the road too much to sink his teeth into them. He had mechanics come by and do what was necessary."
"Just the cars?"
"Are you asking if they slept with me? Would that have any bearing on my potential loan?"
"Probably not, but I find your reputation undeniably intoxicating. I've heard from more than merely Jacob how in tune you are at pleasing men."
"I worship sex. My husband enforced that I adore all men. Therefore I adore you." She giggles.
"Wonderful. What's upstairs? I noticed a second story." He points at a staircase.
"Primarily storage, but there are a few oddity rooms up there. It was Darryl's mancave as you say. He has signs, a wet bar, a sectional. Full bath. Small kitchenette. A stripper pole for me."
"Really?"
"Yes. I've kept that to myself. My young Masters would have me dancing 24/7. I've let on that it's only storage, car parts, and the like."
"I see."
"There has been discussion of my tenants moving out here when the Bed & Breakfast opens up. That way I can remodel the main house as a fully functional B&B."
"Tenants? Masters?"
"Yes."
While Dwayne ponders her unorthodox lifestyle Heath Talbot tracks them down and enters the garage. "There you are. Let's make you a tad more helpless." Heath moves behind her and dangles a pair of handcuffs. Claiming Margo's wrists he locks her hands behind her back. From there he checks her nipple clamps for tightness. With a pat to her cheek Heath notes the dangling leash. Lifting it he passes it back to Dwayne. "Do me a favor...don't let this leash go. The slut needs to know she's lost her freedom." With a pinched chin Heath lifts her gaze to lock eyes on one another, "Isn't that right Whore?"
"Yes Master. I live to serve."
"That's right. Don't you ever think otherwise."
"As you command Master."
"Oh hey! If you want her to suck your dick you have my permission." A point at Margo to confirm his order leaves her shyly grinning.
"I'll consider that after we finish conducting business. Thank you for the offer."
Heath slapped her on the ass then left them alone.
"I...don't even know what to say." Dwayne chuckles.
"I will obey his command. Should you want that."
"You know I do, but let's look over the main house. I need to get a good idea of what you're going to need to get it up to code, before we can even discuss remodeling. Money will weigh heavily on what you can achieve."
"Understood. Please lead me to the house then."
Leash tugged, she followed. He could get used to this.
Walking toward the house along a grassy path they discuss the East side of the home, Margo pointing out via nods her ideas of building a potential 10 bedroom extension where it was more open, of course needing ten bathes. Deviating the path to go around to the front of her home they examined where a fountain might be erected with a much roomier circle drive for parking. She was not sure such parking was needed but if the money was there she was all for it. The fountain made her worry about digging up the grounds to create new water lines. He convinced her that the fountain was a selling point. A wishing well at that.
Venturing closer to the front door Margo noticed the curtain on her living room window move, Heath inevitably spying on them. Without Dwayne seeing it she played coy.
"I might need to use your restroom." He realized looking toward the front door.
"Feel free." She turned her back to him, her chin on her shoulder to wave her restrained hands all around her at the outside world.
"Seriously?"
"I just peed in front of you, why would it bother me?"
"I...I suppose I could." He looked around him knowing only one car was in sight outside of his, Heath's Xterra. "I don't normally make a habit of this."
"Nor do I. I can make exceptions." She kneels on the ground resting her knees at his side. Leash handle in his way he unzips his pants and takes a deep breath before pulling out a beefy seven inch cock, dangling its timid erection away from her to avoid her seeing him. As the flow kicks off Margo crawls around him to see his dick spilling it's contents. "Yes. A fountain might be appealing."
"You're going to watch me empty my bladder?"
"Yes, and your scrotum if you wish." Spotting Heath pointing at Dwayne she had a hunch what he wanted of her. Without warning Margo eased out in front of Dwayne as he looked toward the sky to avoid eye contact. Feeling the leash move he peers back down to discover that his stream of urine was pelting her chest.
"SHIT!" He moved his stream to her left, "Sorry about that." She shook her head shyly and followed his last few moments of pissing to let him strike her hip. "You're incredible." He had to chuckle.
"I will wash up before sucking your dick."
"You're...really going to..."
"I will not fail my Master."
"That's...commendable." He puts his dick away and zips up. Once relaxed he offers her his handkerchief to wipe away his droplets. Refusing she stands up and directs him toward the front door.
"We can go inside now."
Following his lead they enter through the front door to find Heath on the sofa texting, truth be known he was saving video of Dwayne pissing on Margo the first time. Noting a dog cage in front of Heath's feet Dwayne looked around, "Do you own a dog?"
"Yep!" Heath shared his voice before she could.
"Woof! Woof!" Margo wiggles her brows at him. He left it at that. Dwayne knew, especially after reading the dog dish saying SLUT.
Ignoring Heath in passing Margo showed Dwayne the lower levels including the massive fireplace, fitness room, sauna, and less interesting areas like the furnace room. He pointed out numerous updates needed in the utility rooms. A larger sauna was measured out by taking out walls of the fitness area. A massage room attached to the sauna was easy enough. Margo wanted things open concept as much as possible. He had to chuckle at the idea of getting a massage right where those in the sauna could watch. She simply said, "Voyeur room."
"You opening a Bed & Breakfast or...something a little more risqué?"
"Would you be entertained with just a Bed & Breakfast?"
"It depends on if you're in bed with me." He winked.
"One rate, all the perks." She humored him.
"Fair enough. We just want to make sure all this designing gets approved. One code violation it's game over."
"Do you know who might be dropping by to examine the final restructuring?"
"I can make calls and get you approved once the build is finished. You might need to..."
"Fuck them? To get approved."
"Possibly."
"I'll do what I have to Dwayne."
A loud bellow from upstairs of "SIR! HIS NAME IS SIR." proved that Heath was eavesdropping. Margo merely smirked with mischievous eyes.
"I'LL DO WHAT I HAVE TO...SIR." She raised her voice to satisfy her Master. Dwayne just shook his head at the insanity. "Lead me upstairs?" She whispered so that only Dwayne heard her.
Nodding he took point and walked up before her, the leash taunt in pulling her along. At the top of the stairs Heath stopped her just long enough to remove the nipple clamps and check the tightness of her cuffs. "While you're upstairs, rinse her off." He sniffed urine.
"I can do that."
"May I continue Master?"
"Tap her ass." Heath nods to Dwayne before heading into the kitchen.
"He's...quite insistent that I...have sex with you."
"If that pleases you...I am yours."
"Damn! We'll see." Dwayne heads upstairs with Margo right on his heels. At the top of the stairs she shows him the bedroom layout without going into each boys room. Within her own room Dwayne guides her into her shower and turns the water on for her to rinse off. Being cold water she yelped laughing.
"You did that on purpose." She giggled, her eyes dancing with joy.
"I suppose I did."
"Luffa me?"
"Sure." He takes his jacket off and hangs it on a towel hook by her tub. Rolling his shirt sleeve up he procures her luffa and soaps it up to cleanse the trouble spots that he knew his piss had made its way to. Deciding to take a risk he sets her luffa aside and soaps up his hand to glide over her body, feeling her nipples beneath his palm, all the way down to rub her clit. Margo enjoyed his sudden interest. "Does that Master often cuff you in front of strangers?"
"You're the first. Well, for this particular Master. My husband did it quite often when he was alive."
"Darryl Needy cuffed you?"
"Between you and I...yes. We led a very...open lifestyle."
"Now that's interesting. I wasn't really into sports but I certainly knew the name Darryl Needy."
"He was the most amazing man I have ever known."
"I'm sure he was. Clean enough for you?" He lets her rinse off without his hands in the way, his shirt sleeve wet yet hardly bothering him.
"Yes. Thank you kind Sir."
"Not a problem it was my pleasure."
"I like pleasuring." She shyly smiles.
"Let's finish business before I commit to anything." He chuckles faintly dabbing his shirt sleeve with a towel to at least soak out what he could.
"Would you like to put your shirt in the dryer while we continue on?"
"Would that be alright? I'm wearing a wife beater beneath so I won't be shirtless."
"Maybe you did miss a spot." She winks and steps to the back of her shower stall. He shakes his head kicking his dress shoes off and unloads his pants pockets on top of the sink before walking straight into the shower fully clothed. Getting drenched he bathed her backside, rubbing her heart shaped ass trying not to get his well groomed hair wet. After another rinse he turns the water off sighing. Hugging her from behind he laughed at what he had let himself do.
"My wife never hears about this." He grits his teeth.
"Of course not. My home is a safe zone."
"Let's dry you off and put my clothes in your dryer." He claims a towel and dries her thoroughly before disrobing and drying himself off, wringing his pants, socks, and shirts out over her shower floor. Boxers slide down as she stands in the doorway of her bathroom, leash dangling between her breasts.
"Follow me down the hall." She starts for her door when Heath meets her eying her leash draped on its own.
"Why are you leading him?"
"It's okay Kid." Dwayne prompts a defense holding his wet clothing over his naked lower half.
"Not a kid. That leash is held and she does not lead." He lifts the leash up and hands it back to Dwayne.
"Yeah, okay." The Appraiser was not liking the boys attitude.
Heath sneers at Dwayne making certain he didn't just let the leash go. Watching him lead Margo into the hall Heath points out the laundry room. Moving ahead of Margo, Dwayne guides her away. She refused to even look at Heath at that point. Not happy, hardly mad, she kept quiet as Dwayne found the laundry area and installed his clothing in her dryer, setting the timer.
"Kid has some balls." Dwayne whispered.
"I like my Master's balls." She whispers back then looks down at his wagging cock, "I like your balls as well Sir. They look...full."
"Been a week since Melissa and I've had sex. Four days since I jacked off last."
"Once we finish business I'll fix that."
"Cuffed?"
"I don't need my hands."
"Blowjob?"
"Yes, hopefully...more."
"You want me to fuck you?"
"I do."
"I think I might just take you up on that offer."
"It is not an offer. My Master has given you permission. You may do as you want to me."
"Gotcha. There's an attic in this mansion?" He looks up.
"Yes. Ordinarily I prefer no visitors up there, but I know you need to learn of the structural integrity of my home. Fair warning, it was my husband's...play room."
"Oh yeah?"
"Lead me left to the door near the stairs." Dwayne looks around the corner expecting Heath but he was gone. He hoped he might stay away the rest of his visit. Guiding her to the door Dwayne opens it with a creak. Light switch turned on inside he heads up first, Margo closely behind. Reaching the top he surveys the full length room.
"Pool table? Nice. Poker table?" He points at the table containing Darryl's hard plastic facsimile, covered up to prevent dust on him.
"Darryl's Poke Her table." She sheepishly grins. "The covered mannequin is...Darryl. Please do not ask."
"Alright. I'll use my imagination. Looks like ole' Darryl liked his bondage equipment."
"Yes he did. I love to be bound."
"I can see that." He looks over the support beams and ceiling for any damage finding none. Windows even looked well maintained.
"Eric's father looked over the wiring when he visited last. Eric is one of my tenants. His father is an Electrician. He said everything looked fine."
"Good to hear. From what I can tell Darryl kept your home in good shape. I don't see why we can't make additions, knock out a few walls and build on. Plenty of land to not require any special permits preventing any extensions by not having enough space. I can take a few pictures of the East side and put together some specs. I can even set you up with interior decorators. My niece Danielle is one, a very good one at that."
"Thank you."
"No problem. You can meet with her and run by some interior ideas to freshen the place up. New flooring, wallpaper or paint. Things like that."
"Heath is a painter. I will employ his talents."
"Just do me a favor?"
"Yes?"
"Keep your Master away from my niece. I'm not liking the guy much."
"I cannot promise such a thing. I can hire another if it bothers you."
"No, she needs the business. She's fairly new but the kid has talent out the wazoo. Sorry I brought it up, just protective of her. She's 25 but...even I see how beautiful she is. I hope you understand."
"Of course. Take pictures up here I'll wait for you to go get your phone."
"Can I let go of your leash?"
"Tie me to that post." She nods toward a support beam. Shaking his head he curls the leash around the post with her back to it then attaches the leather lead to her collar. Taking his leave he checks on his clothing after procuring his things from the bathroom. Untrusting of Heath he looked over his wallet to be certain everything was untouched. Satisfied he first takes pics of the upstairs walls to the East before heading back upstairs, he knew he could pull up a schematic of the house online for actual measurements. Returning to Margo he leaves her tied until he could take more photos of the attic. Including one of her tied up.
"Couldn't resist." He chuckled.
"No man can." She winks.
"If they do they're insane. You have one of the finest bodies I have ever seen."
"I keep fit without going overboard."
"I can see that. Too much muscle is unattractive, you have just the right toning to look perfect. Here let me untie you." Unhooking her he led her around the attic a bit more just exploring. Eying the pool table he rubs his chin. "I've always wanted to fuck Melissa on a pool table. She's not the type to allow that."
"Is that our cue?" She beguiles him with flirtatious big brown eyes.
"Might ruin the felt. Should we cover it up?"
"No. While yes it should be covered I do not want to ruin your fantasy."
"Are you sure?" He rubs the cloth and frowns knowing cum stains would be hard to clean.
"I will survive Sir."
"Alright." He smirks looking her over deciding how best to perform his task. The handcuffs would be uncomfortable should she lay on her back. "Doggy is the best option."
"As I said earlier, Woof! Woof!" She steps to the edge of the billiard table and awaits him to help her climb up on to it. Lifting her up easily she crawls on her knees out on to the table top and leans forward to rest her upper body closer to the green felt, her nipples teased by it's texture. Hoisting himself on to the table he eases behind her to admire and rub her bare bottom.
"Your skin is so soft, so tight. I could just sit here and caress it all day."
"If you like. I have no schedule to keep." She giggles.
"Unfortunately I do. Meeting my wife at Hilltop for lunch."
"I hope that she feels frisky Sir."
"After this I might not care."
"You should always adore your mate. I am but a pleasantry."
"That you are." He rubs her pussy from behind realizing how wet Margo Needy was. Shuffling his knees closer between her parted legs he dips his cock in to explore her labia, tempting her to moan. "For the record Mrs. Needy? I don't cheat on my wife. First time ever."
"I am honored to be your first. I hope that you enjoy me."
"I'm thinking it would be impossible not to." He encourages his crown to sink within her, rearing his head back at her warm wet snug interior. Easing in and out slowly to enjoy the feel he gives in to a more rapid thrusting. Gripping the middle of her cuffed hands he nails Margo hard. Zero to sixty seconds she was crying out just how wonderful his beast provided her sensations. He knew exactly where to strike that G-spot with precision. Pussy contracting around his girth gave him chills, it was perfection. She too knew exactly how to imprison him tightly on his way out before relaxing for a smoother entry. "Your reputation precedes you Margo. This pussy could become addictive."
"Fuck me Sir Dwayne."
"Sounded like I was in King Arthur's Court there." He huffs jousting with her.
"I am fit for a King."
"King fits just fine."
"Mmmmmmmm! Yesssssssssss he does." Margo came seconds later. Feeling her trembling beneath him he runs his hand up her spine and nudges her face to the felt table dressing. Moving carefully to his feet he crouches over her ass and begins driving straight down into her. The new reaction was deafening. Margo could not stop yelping. Feverishly five minutes later Dwayne Valance pulled out at the very last second and jerked his final throes before splashing her with a cum amount fitting his age. Not heavy, not so little to not be felt in each droplets freefall upon her ass. She squealed as his last drop peppered her before stabbing down into her for a short second helping. Hearing her expel, "Yessss again." Was all he wanted to hear. Moments later Dwayne gave in to personal exhaustion. Easing away he sat on the tables edge and reached behind him to rub his cum into her ass. Coaxing her toward him with her leash he dragged her body to sit on his lap as he fed his wet fingers to her greedy lips.
"Woof Woof likes that doesn't she?" He smirks as she nods with sparkling eyes, her lips tightly sucking his fingertips. "Not sure what time it is so I better get dressed. I'll lead you back to the pool where I found you."
"Thank you Sir." She slips off of his lap and stands next to his knees until he too stands tall. Grabbing his wallet and cell he then leads her back downstairs. Gathering his clothing now dried he gets dressed and realizes his car keys were still in her bathroom. A quick pick up he led her back down to the main level, taking her along for a few more pictures of the East side walls of that floor and the lowest. A final trip through the living room he chuckles again at the dog cage.
"He keeps you in that?"
"The last few nights yes. I think it's cozy."
"Crazy." Tugging her along he takes her outside through the French doors and discovers Heath poolside in his trunks, again looking at his cell. Looking up to see their return Heath poised a fresh tea glass for Dwayne.
"Refilled you. I figured you worked up a thirst."
"Thanks." The Appraiser takes the weeping glass and downs half of it to quench his parched throat. Passing off the leash to Heath he starts to shake hands with Margo but forgets the handcuffs binding her. "Might wanna remove her cuffs so I can say goodbye properly."
"Oh, right!" Heath stands up and digs into his trunks for the key, pausing to look at it he withholds using the key. Looking to his right at the pristine water of the pool sparkling in the sunlight he had a better idea. Flicking the key out into the water it sinks to the bottom. Looking back at Margo he squints his eyes, "Fetch."
"What the hell Kid?" Dwayne objected under the circumstances. "She's cuffed and can't swim like that."
Margo sighs and looks at her leash, Heath reading her mind lets the leather strap go and points. "Bring Master the key." Without waver Margo Needy shuffles to the side of the pool noting it as six feet deep. Jumping in feet first Margo sank to the bottom.
"You're fucking stupid Kid." Dwayne growled standing on the edge watching Margo beneath the water. As she drops to her knees on the concrete to lean forward using her teeth to try her best to pick the key up without losing air he grits his own teeth, holding his own breath. Being an exceptional swimmer Margo had no worries that she couldn't hold her breath long enough to retrieve the key. Laying flat on the pool floor it was not as easy as she had hoped. Forced to come up for air she launches herself up to the surface with a kick of her feet. Gasping she sucked in precious air then dipped back under. Her second time was eventful using her tongue to lift it from the side until her lips could clamp over the key. Being a skeleton style key allowed her a better chance at lifting it. Surfacing she kicks her legs to send her toward the pools edge and spits it out on to the concrete walkway at Heath's feet.
"Never doubt my slave Dickhead. I'm NOT a kid." Heath picks the key up making him unbalanced in his stance.
"Good! Then I won't feel bad about this." Dwayne throws him into the water not giving him a chance to resist. Offering an assisting hand toward Margo she merely blows Dwayne a kiss then turns to find Heath. Heath had gone to the bottom of the pool holding the key with arrogance. Peering under the water to find Heath she lifts up once to tell Dwayne goodbye.
"When can I expect a quote?"
"I'll be in touch." He frowns.
"Enjoy lunch with Melissa. Give Danielle my number please."
With a nod toward her Dwayne observed Margo take a very deep breath then headed down to join Heath on the bottom. Moving in to kiss Heath she shared her air capture to give him longer underwater. Kissing became top priority, she loved Heath Talbot for his insanity. While kissing her Heath reached behind her and felt his way in locating the lock on the cuffs. Unlocking them her arms flew forward to wrap around Heath's neck to kiss a bit longer. As air grew thin the two surfaced to find Dwayne Valance gone. Wading beside one another Heath chuckled, "Too much?"
"You tell me...Master?"
"Mad at me?"
"No Master."
"Gotta say that was fun. Did I ruin business?"
"I don't think so. He did fuck me in the attic."
"I know I heard you howling. Besides I have Cop Cam's up there recording movement. Just like your bedroom. Pretty much everywhere in the house."
"It feels like I'm on Big Brother." She smiles.
"Being on the bottom of the pool with you reminds me I need to call Jenna Nichols. I fucked her on the..."
"You told me about that already Sir."
"Guess I did. Wanna try that?"
"You're my Master." She caressed her wet hair back behind her.
"Bottom of the pool. On your back legs wide."
Without hesitation Margo Needy swam ahead and braced herself. Laying over her Heath Talbot resumed their kiss as he tugged his trunks down. Penetrating the landlady was a thing of beauty. They made love as long as their air withstood their embrace. Leaving her Heath surfaced for a harsher inhalation before returning to share his breath. She trusted him to keep her alive. Three more times he filled her lungs and fucked her as best he could before becoming worried his air was not enough. Dragging her by her leash they rose up from the water choking. Margo molded into Heath's arms and wrapped her arms about his neck.
"Master?"
"Yeah?"
"Do not destroy my underwear, but please lock them up."
"THAT'S MY GIRL!" He grinned laughing. "Not even in public. Don't go asking me to let you wear them."
"I won't. Am I sleeping in my cage tonight?"
"Nope. Back in your own bed. I'll tear the cage down and..."
"Please don't. I rather like it in the living room."
"How about we move it to the polar bear rug?"
"As long as my dish does not get tipped over. I don't want wine stains on Snowball."
"Snowball? You have a pet name for a bearskin rug?"
"I think it's cute."
"Sounds gay. Change it to Abominable or something."
"That's where I draw the line Master." She narrows her eyes at him.
"Snowball it is."
No chance in hell of changing her mind.
==================
Coming Soon : Cougar House 29 : Copy That!