Author's Note: This story involves elements of incest (step-siblings), lesbianism, group sex, and exhibitionism/voyeurism. If any of these turn you off, please look elsewhere for a story to read. I would like to thank sexy_skittles for her editing assistance.
++++++
Ring-ring. Ring-ring.
I knew that was my sister's cell phone ring. Kim, however, was not here, having left about an hour earlier with her friend Erica. Finding her phone in the cushions of the sofa, I saw that it was a call from Erica, or at least from Erica's phone. It appeared that Erica was helping Kim find her phone.
I unlocked the phone and answered it"Hello Erica. It's Charlie."
I then heard my sister's voice on the other end,"No, Charlie. It's me! I'm using Erica's phone. I couldn't find my phone and I was hoping that I left it at your place."
"Yeah, sis. Your phone is here with me."
I was surprised that it took this long for her to realize that she left her phone behind. Her phone was so important to her, as cell phones are important to many people these days.
Our phone call continued a short while. She was so happy that she did not really lose her phone. She needed it and told me she would be driving back out to my house later that night to pick it up. I told her that was fine. I would be home. If needed, she had a key and could let herself in. I would leave her phone on the table.
I thought our relationship was complicated, but it was about to get far more complicated. I was 32, and unattached at the time to any specific female companion. I lived alone in a home I bought about four years earlier on the outskirts of the city. It was a long drive into downtown each day for work, but the homes out in the suburbs were much more reasonably priced.
Kim was my 21 year old step-sister. She was a junior at the local university located downtown. As I lived several miles from her campus, she found it more convenient to live on campus. But she came out to my home on Sundays to visit and have dinner. Often her roommate and best friend Erica came with her.
Kim and I lost our parents about two years ago when they were killed in an auto accident. Actually it was my dad married to her mother. Kim had previously lost her real father to a heart attack, and I had lost my mother to breast cancer some years back. So now it was just Kim and me. As an older brother I continued to look out for her, I took care of her, and I made sure that she stayed in college. Our weekly dinners together kept us close, or so I thought.
I first met Kim ten years ago when our parents first started dating. I was a senior at the university and seldom home. Kim was eleven and still in grade school. Over the years, from my weekly visits to our parent's home, I watched Kim grow up to become a beautiful young woman. She had flowing, long red hair, green eyes, an infectious smile and a great body, if I may say so as her older brother. I didn't think about Kim in a sexual way, but I did know how sexy she looked and how she must have caught the attention of many men. I was not bad looking myself at six feet tall, 180 pounds with a lean muscular build, dark hair and dark eyes. I exercised daily to keep myself in great shape. I believed that Kim also exercised regularly. A great habit we both learned from our parents.
Ending the phone call I noticed that her cell phone home screen had icons for camera, photo gallery, and Google Drive storage. I thought to myself about the things that a beautiful young woman could do with that collection of Apps. I resisted the temptation to look at her gallery or her cloud storage. I could view them, I was certain. I knew all her frequently used passwords. But I resisted the temptation to snoop on her.
I remembered my days at college, wanting to be independent and free from parental oversight. Yes, I knew that my parents still wanted to know what I was doing, who I was hanging out with, and where I went. But there is a stage in life where each of us must learn to live our own life. As blossoming young adults we yearn to be ourselves. And our parents learn to let go of the child, and let us stand or fall on our own. I had recently been there as the child, and now I must play the parent to my young sister and let her be her own person. I must resist the temptation to spy upon my sister, to view the photos she took.
I put down her phone on the table where she would easily find it.
Over the years Kim had asked me for help with all things technology; her cell, her tablet, her laptop, even syncing her phone to her car's Bluetooth. I had helped her configure all these items. I knew all her usernames and passwords. However, I knew she was smart enough to do all these things herself. I think she asked for my help to make me feel useful and important in her life. Maybe she wanted me to believe I knew all her accounts and passwords in case I did want to spy on her. Maybe she kept other accounts hidden from me. But I didn't know and I wasn't going to lose any sleep over this.
An hour or so later, while I was watching TV, Kim returned to get her phone. She thanked me for helping her locate her phone by answering it. She talked about how important her phone was in her life; phone calls, text messages, emails, calendar, class schedules and assignments, to-do lists, and photos and videos. Playfully she said"I hope you didn't look at any of my naughty photos."Before I could respond, she grabbed her phone, purse, car keys, and out the door she ran.
Later that night I was lying in bed recalling the events of the day. I enjoyed Kim and Erica's visit for dinner. These visits were always fun as we had good food and good drink. And Erica was such a gorgeous young woman, intelligent, and witty. She, like Kim, was a junior at the university. They have known each other for several years and have been roommates each of their years at college. Erica was a bit taller, with straight blonde hair, blue eyes, and a fabulous figure, similar to Kim's, maybe a bit curvier. They were frequently together, practically inseparable.
These past few years I had been in a few relationships, but nothing that ever lasted. I found that I compared each of my girlfriends to Erica, her beauty, her vivaciousness. Erica was always fun to be around. None of the others compared. But I kept an emotional distance from Erica because she was somewhat younger, less mature, and she was my sister's best friend. However, as Erica grew older, the maturity was developing, she became more beautiful, and I felt the barriers to dating her were slowly coming down. Yes, I caught myself lusting after her. I wondered why Kim always brought Erica over on Sundays for dinner. Did Kim not want to be alone with me? Or did she want something to happen between Erica and me? I did wonder.
I must admit that I had erotic thoughts about Erica and myself together in this very bed. I could imagine myself kissing her, cuddling with her, making gentle love to her, and sometimes just fucking her hard. I felt conflicted in my emotions towards Erica. I wanted her in sexual ways, and I felt that had to be a responsible big-brother figure to her, as I was with Kim.
I also remembered what Kim said about hoping I didn't look at any of her naughty photos. The 'dirty old man' inside me wondered what sort of photos she had taken. And I wondered why she said what she said. She knew I had access to her accounts. I helped her set up all those accounts. Did she secretly or subconsciously want me to view her photos? How naughty could those photos be? I began to have thoughts and naughty images in my head of Kim in sexy poses, or even totally nude in photos. I knew she had a great looking body. I found myself wanting to see her nude. How sexy and sensual might she really be, I wondered. And why would she want me to see those photos? I fell asleep with a warm feeling in my crotch, my cock more than half erect.
++++++
Monday was a long day for me at the office. Not only was it the usual Monday, beginning of the work week activity and tasks, but it was difficult to concentrate as I kept thinking about what Kim said about her naughty photos. As much as I tried to resist, I could feel that the dirty old man inside me wanted to see those pictures, to see what my sexy looking sister pretended to try and hide from me. Maybe, I thought, she intentionally left her phone at my house to set me up for just that discussion. Or maybe my mind was running amuck.
That night at home, I succumbed to the temptation, sat at my computer, and logged on to her Drive account. The home directory had selfies, pics with friends at school, at parties, the expected typical college girl stuff. However, there was a folder labeled "Private" that caught my interest. Inside that folder was only another folder titled "Don't Look". Of course by this point I was really hooked, and I had to look. The sub-folder was full of more photos and two videos. Switching from List view to Grid view, I saw thumbnails of all the photos. The photos were either Kim or Erica, or the two of them together. There were photos of Kim kissing Erica. And there were photos of each of them in erotic poses, either partially dressed, or just in their underwear, or naked! There were photos of breasts, and crotch shots, groping shots and photos of each of them licking or sucking various body parts of the other. These were pornographic photos! And there were some of the two of them naked, together in bed.
Holy Fuck! This is my sister! She was actually hinting to me, wanted me to view these, and she is nude, and so fucking hot! And there was Erica. I have dreamed of seeing her like this, and she was also nude! My cock was growing as I could not help these feelings, this desire swelling up inside of me. Should I zoom in, enlarge each photo, and study Erica's nipples and crotch? I so wanted to do this. Do I try to not look at Kim while doing this? This is so weird. How do I look at Erica and not at Kim? And it was Kim who hinted that I should look at these. Does she have some sort of sexual fantasy about me? My mind was spinning with so many questions. And I had pre-cum leaking out of my cock as I looked at these photos. Damn, I needed to jack-off.
I realized that while Kim had an active social life including weekend parties, going out clubbing, and attending concerts, she has never really spoken about any boyfriends. These photos gave me a whole new insight to my sister's lifestyle. Was she lesbian? Were she and Erica lovers? I had never considered the thought.
And what about those videos? As the file names were the actual date/time stamps, I could tell that the two videos were taken late last night after Kim retrieved her phone from my house. I opened the first video which appeared to be taken by a cell phone camera. A nude female, probably Erica, was laying on her back with the camera pointing down her body recording Kim eating her pussy. Erica was moaning in ecstasy as Kim's oral actions brought Erica to a fabulous orgasm. As the orgasm subsided, Kim raised her head to look into Erica's eyes. Kim's face was glistening with Erica's wetness. I couldn't help but consider how Erica's pussy must have tasted. My tongue was licking my lips as I pictured myself in Kim's place, devouring what I knew must be an exquisite oral delight.
I then opened the other video they made last night. This one was also a cell phone video but was taken by Kim, looking down her nude body as Erica's head was between Kim's legs, performing oral sex on Kim as Kim talked to her."You just love eating my pussy, don't you?"Kim asked.
Erica raised her head, looks straight into the camera as if on script, and said"You know I love eating your pussy Kim but I would also love to be sucking on his cock."
Kim replied"Yeah, you would love that, wouldn't you?"And the video ended.
WHAT THE FUCK! Rubbing my hard cock through my shorts, I blasted an ejaculation that soaked a large spot in my shorts with a big load of my sticky cum.
What a bombshell revelation I had discovered! Kim and Erica were lovers, either full-on lesbians or possibly bi-sexual. I noticed that the school and party photos in the Public folder showed little evidence of relationships with specific guys. Yes, Kim and Erica were with other men in the party photos, but there was not any particular fellow with either of them in multiple photos. And there were definitely no men in the Private photos. Who was the owner of the cock that Erica wanted?
Throughout the week I could not stop thinking about those videos, and the photos I had seen in the 'Private / Don't Look' sub-folder. The two young ladies had taken such erotic photos and videos and appeared to have planted them someplace that I would find and view. They were both so fucking hot to behold. But these were my sister and her best friend. I shouldn't be having such erotic thoughts about having wanton sex with either of them. But I also had a growing desire to have sexual relations with either, or both.
++++++
Late afternoon the next Sunday Kim and Erica came over for dinner. This time I was paying more attention to how they looked and dressed. Each wore a thin sundress with a short, flowing skirt. As both their dresses were gathered just below their ample bosoms, I could not tell if either of them was wearing a bra. Both girls appeared to be well endowed with firm breasts about a 34-C to a 36-D in size. And I also found myself wondering what their panties looked like, or if either of them were going commando. These outfits certainly made them look rather sexy. Were they deliberately being flirty or sexual to me?
Early on in their visit they appeared to behave as they always had in the past. We talked about the current events on campus and how their classes were going. I opened a bottle of red wine and we drank as we prepared the dinner. I opened a second bottle of wine to have with the meal.
Slowly the nature of the conversation shifted. They openly discussed 'boys' that didn't measure up, didn't know how to properly wine, dine, and love a woman. I thought these were very bold discussions to have in front of me. I now viewed Kim and Erica together in a different light, a different context as lovers, and not just friends. And this colored how I reacted to their discussion topics. If they were lesbians, why did they discuss men? Maybe one or both of them were bi? I couldn't determine, and for now I wasn't going to ask. They did appear very comfortable together, playful together, but not overtly sexual in any way. And we even had some discussions about photos and videos. We discussed recent news stories about celebrity iCloud accounts being hacked and nude photos posted publicly on the Internet. Were they teasing me? Were they trying to lure me back to their photos and videos? Did they know I had viewed their photos and videos? How could they know? At this point I certainly was not going to tell them what I found.
And I was certain that Erica was flirting with me. Nothing too overt, but the glances she gave me, and the occasional body contact while we moved around in the kitchen preparing dinner. Our Sunday night dinner had taken on a totally different meaning, and a new context. Or was I just becoming aware of something they had been doing with me, to me, for some time. I did not know.
After they left, I again thought about my relationship to Kim, and to Erica. I was like a parent to both of them, at least a big protective brother. I wrestled in my mind about what I was doing with them, and what I wanted to do with them. And some of those thoughts were full of images of sexual activities, mostly with Erica, but sometimes with Erica and Kim. I couldn't believe what I was now thinking about. And I wrestled over whether I should continue my spying on Kim's cloud account of secret photos and videos. Or, did they want me to see those?
I decided that I had to look. I again logged on to Kim's Drive account. There were a few new photos of Kim and Erica mostly posing nude, but no new videos. These latest photos appeared more suggestive, more erotic. Even though most of these photos were nudes, in these new photos they had their hair and makeup done up as if for glamour photos. They cupped their large breasts, or spanked their ass, displaying their assets for the camera, displaying their assets for me. I could also tell that both girls had shaved their pussies. I liked the photos very much but I was disappointed in the lack of any new video. And I felt guilty that I was disappointed. My cock was very hard and ached. It had been a few weeks since I last had sex with a female, my last girlfriend with whom I had broken up. I was becoming obsessed with the thought of fucking Erica, and maybe even fucking Kim. But she was my sister, and that would be incest. How could I keep thinking these thoughts? The conflicts in my brain caused me to lose my erection and I just went to bed a mental mess.
++++++
Monday was again a difficult day. Naughty images and thoughts of conflict raged in my head all day long. I imagined myself with one or both of the girls naked in bed. I was fucking them in various positions and pleasuring them by sucking on their nipples or eating their pussy. I could almost taste them. I couldn't wait to get home at the end of the day and again spy upon my sister's online Drive account folder of naughty private photos and videos.
I rushed home, grabbed a cold beer, changed into comfortable clothing and logged on to Kim's Drive account. My heart jumped when I saw that there was a new video posted late Sunday night. Quickly I clicked the link to play the new video. There was Kim and Erica, lying nude, side by side in bed cuddling and lightly stroking each other, in what appeared to be a post love making discussion. It appeared that this video was possibly taken by a laptop web cam positioned to view both of them lying in bed.
"Do you think Charlie found the photos and videos? Is he watching us?"said Erica.
Kim replied"I think he is. But how do we know? How could we know?"
"What an erotic rush."Erica continued"It makes me wet thinking about him viewing our photos. You know I would just love to have his cock in my pussy while you set your wet pussy on my face."
"Do you think that will happen?"asked Kim.
"I don't know. I want it to happen. Maybe our photos and videos will help things along."
Damn! How fucking hot was this? Did they want me to be watching them? Why else would they make and post such a video? And they spoke of me by name for the first time. They really were posting these photos and videos for me to view. Did Erica really want me to fuck her? Were they wishing for a 3-some involving me? How should I respond? Do I do nothing and wait for more? Or do I give them some response? My cock and my anxiety both were growing. I stripped off my shorts and stroked my hard cock while I watched their video several times. The resulting orgasm was very pleasant, but I knew I wanted more. I wanted raw lusting sex with one of both of them.
++++++
Sunday arrived and again the girls came over for dinner. Erica was dressed in skimpy tank top and short-shorts. Kim wore a tightly fitted t-shirt with khaki shorts. My eyes could not help to roam over their nubile forms. Remembering their nude photos, I could visually imagine them both standing naked in my kitchen. There was an awkward dichotomy between our current 'normal' situations versus the sexual photos and video they posted for me to view. This dual reality was so weird, so surreal.
I poured each of us a generous glass of wine even before we started the dinner preparations. As we began working on dinner, the discussion quickly returned to hacked iCloud accounts, and more nude celebrity photos leaked. Kim made a point of saying"I really hope no one hacks my account. I would be so embarrassed if people viewed some of my photos."
I took the bait and innocently ask"Why? What photos have you posted?"
She replied,"Oh, you know. Acting crazy and shit at parties and things."
I carefully watched her expression, and the expression on Erica's face. I turned to ask Erica"And do you also post photos to the cloud?"She froze, as if not expecting the question from me whatsoever. I quickly broke the awkward pause."I think everyone has photos they would rather not want the public to see."
Erica quickly turned the tables and asked me the same question,"Have you posted photos to the cloud?"I smiled and walked away towards the pantry to fetch another bottle of wine.
++++++
Monday after work I again checked Kim's Drive account for any evidence that they knew I had found their material, or that they were looking for anything posted by me. I discovered that Erica had posted a dildo masturbation video, visualizing that it was Charlie's cock fucking her wet cunt. Erica was really quite vocal as she plunged the dildo in and out of her swollen wet pussy while crying out my name time and time again."Fuck me Charlie! Fuck me Charlie!"she screamed. A bit later in the video she and Kim openly talk whether I had seen any of their photos or videos. They appeared to be disappointed that they had no evidence that I had seen any of their naughty material.
"Fuck", I said to myself. They really do want me to see this stuff. I wondered how much more they want to do with me. Their video made me very aroused and I stroked my cock to a very satisfying orgasm while I again watched Erica call my name while fucking her pussy with that dildo. I was beginning to imagine myself between her legs, pounding my stiff cock deep into her. In my own mind, the experience was becoming real.
I decided to play their naughty exhibitionist game and post my own photos. I took a couple of 'stud' photos, me dressed only in tight boxer briefs, a large bulge showing from my engorged cock. I took these in black & white using a harsh lighting technique that really emphasized my physique. As I knew Kim's logon and password I could just post these in her 'Private / Don't Look' folder for them to find. But I decided to play along in my own fashion and make them come looking for my photos. In my own Drive account I created a 'Private' folder and within that a sub-folder titled 'Don't Look'. I strongly suspected that Kim knew my usual password for my email and, therefore, my logon and password for my Drive account. Would she look for my photos? Would she find them? Would I know if she did?
And why was I doing this? Did I want them to see these photos? Or did I really just want them to know that I had seen their photos and videos? My choice of the same folder and sub-folder names would surely be strong evidence that I have seen their material and was willing to play along. Would I be able to face them next Sunday? How would we handle this? She was my sister, my step sister; we were not related by blood. And maybe she was a lesbian and has no sexual interest in men. It appeared that Erica was the one sexually interested in me. But I was not sure.
++++++
As Sunday approached, I was apprehensive about our meeting. Would Kim and Erica have found my photos? If so they would surely know that I had found their photos and videos, and that the exhibitionist/voyeur game was really on. I was worried about how we would all react to each other. Kim was my little sister and I still felt the need to protect her. And I thought about whether I was looking just to have some safe voyeur fun with the two girls, or whether I wanted actual sexual contact with Erica, or possibly Erica and Kim. I was really conflicted about this whole affair, but excited at the same time.
Sunday afternoon the girls arrived wearing their usual skimpy clothes. Both wore thin tank tops with spaghetti straps and very short cut-off jean shorts. Just seeing their sexy bodies started to get me aroused. My cock was throbbing in my pants and I hoped it was not evident to Kim and Erica. I already made a pitcher of hand-squeezed margaritas and poured a large drink for each of us soon after they arrived. I figured we might all need a stiff drink, depending upon how much they now knew of my voyeur activities.
Our discussions followed our usual pattern, how classes were going, what parties they had attended this past weekend, the usual activities of college coeds, or at least as much as they wanted to discuss in front of older brother. By the time I poured a second margarita for everyone, we were all getting loose and comfortable. The girls were so comfortable around me that I suspected that they had not found my new photos and, therefore, still did not know that I was viewing their photos and videos. I was wondering how our exhibitionist game would progress, and whether I needed to nudge them a bit more.
As we prepared dinner in the tight confines of my kitchen, there was considerable contact between myself and the girls, especially with Erica. Now that I was particularly sensitive to her thoughts about me, I made mental note of each time she came in contact with me. And it appeared that she intentionally was causing contact. On more than one occasion she leaned over next to me, which pressed her ample breast against my side or my arm. I could feel the electricity between us. But I wanted to play it cool to see where our voyeur game would go.
The rest of the evening was fairly tame with little sexual innuendo or discussion other than one incident while we were eating. Kim and Erica were sitting next to each other, across the table from me. Erica was discussing some photos on a tabloid web site.
"Did you see that photo of the two girls kissing?"Kim asked Erica.
"Yeah. That was hot. I was surprised they posted that on the web."Erica replied.
I joined in"Most people think that a photo of two girls kissing is hot."
"Like this?"said Erica as she wrapped an arm around Kim, pulled her close and gave her a full-on, lips to lips kiss.
"Yes, that is hot"I replied as a big grin broke across my face.
"Maybe we should take such a photo."Erica continued"we could share it with you. Would you like that?"
"Fuck, yeah."I spoke, maybe a bit too casually for this company. The margaritas were really loosing things up."We could all share hot photos."I said as I stared straight into Erica's eyes. She stared back and then smiled, as if she suddenly knew something.
Kim changed the topic and our conversation and dinner continued without other racy comments or sexual innuendo. I wondered how much was communicated between us apart from our actual spoken words.
Later that night, long after the Kim and Erica had left to return to campus, I once again checked Kim's cloud account but found no new photos or videos. I was anxious to see their next move in our game. I was a little disappointed that it appeared that they had not yet discovered my photos, but maybe I had given them enough of a hint for them to look for my Drive account and photos.
++++++
Monday evening I raced home from work, stripped off all my clothes and sat naked at my computer while I logged on to Kim's Drive account. I was sure I would find new photos, and maybe a new video. I was not disappointed.
Her 'Private / Don't Look' folder contained new photos of Kim and Erica. They were posing in what appeared to be new lace bras and skimpy lace thong panties. And there were close-up photos of Erica's pussy with her legs spread wide open. In one she was holding her labia with both hands, pulling her pussy wide open. In another photo she had two fingers buried all the way into her vagina. These were very explicit photos. My cock was quickly hard and I was stroking it as I opened a new video they made late last night. It was now obvious that they were leaving these photos and videos for me to find. On the videos they were talking about me, and more to the point, talking to me.
In this latest video they were both wearing only the new bras and thongs, lounging on the bed, touching each other as they spoke. Kim started
"Do you think Charlie will like our new underwear?"Kim was running her fingers lightly down Erica's arm as she spoke.
Erica was running her hand over Kim's mostly bare ass. The skimpy lace thong covered so little.
"Oh I am sure he will like these. I am so glad we went shopping yesterday. You look so fucking sexy in those."
"And you look fucking hot in yours."
The two girls embraced tightly and kissed very passionately while their hands were all over each other.
Erica broke their kiss and said"I am getting wet just thinking about him viewing this video."She then looked straight at the camera and said"Charlie, are you watching us? Are you getting as hot as we are? Are you stroking your cock for us?"
Yes, I was stroking my cock. It was hard and ached. Knowing they were sexually talking about me, to me, made me all the more aroused.
Erica continued speaking to Kim"I am so glad you found Charlie's photos. Having a close relationship with him make it easy for you to guess his password, just as you suspected he knew yours. We finally have him playing our little photo exchange game, don't we?"
"Yes. And the fact that he used the same folder names is proof enough that he has found our photos and videos. He must have seen my folders and copied the names. What else would explain that? Obviously he is playing along with us. This is so fucking erotic, don't you think?"
"It makes me all the wetter thinking about him watching us. You know him as well as you know me, don't you Lover?"and with that Erica leaned over, wrapped her arm around Kim and began a long slow, deep tongue kiss with her.
As the two sexy coeds made out on the screen, my cock erupted, spewing my cum all over my hand and onto the floor. Our exhibition/voyeur game had taken a major step forward. They had seen my photos and thereby they knew I was viewing their photos and videos. I still wondered where this was heading, and how far I wanted things to go. On one hand I still felt that I had to be the responsible older brother looking out for my young sister and her friend. On the other hand I wanted to fuck both of them crazy.
++++++
I needed a reality check. Thursday I arranged to meet Joe after work at the bar closest to our office. We had known each other since college days and ended up working at the same engineering firm doing similar work. He was familiar with my family history, my step-sister, and how we lost our parents. And I knew him well enough that I could trust him to keep in confidence everything I told him.
"Hey Joe. Thanks for coming."
"No problem Charlie. An offer of free beer will always clear a spot on my calendar."Joe replied with a chuckle.
Soon the beers I ordered arrived at our table and we began drinking. After some idle chit-chat about our day at the office, I finally got to the point of our meeting.
"Joe, I need someone to talk to about something really personal. I need a reality check."
"And you need someone you can trust to keep all this in confidence, correct?"
"You know me too well. I need to trust you to keep this under wraps."I proceeded to tell Joe about the Sunday dinners at my house with my step-sister Kim, and how often her roommate Erica joined us. Joe looked at me quite bored until I got to the events of the past few weeks, especially the photos and videos I found on Kim's Drive account on the Internet.
"Holy Shit!"he exclaimed."Really? That pornographic? And did you know that Kim and Erica are lesbian lovers?"
"I had no idea, Joe. I guess I wasn't paying close enough attention to her social life or her love life. But what I can't really figure out is whether they are just playing a tease on big brother, or whether they are honestly trying to seduce me into a sexual relationship with one or both of them. And I have very mixed feelings about any involvement sexually, even in a 3-way that includes my step sister and her best friend. I know we are not blood relatives, but still, she is my sister, and I feel that I must be the responsible adult."
Joe sat back listening as I rambled on, thoughts and concerns flowing from my mouth. Finally he leaned forward, looked me seriously in the eye and simply asked"What's the harm?"
I glared back at Joe in complete confusion."The harm in what? Which part of this messed up relationship are you referring to?"
"Any of it! So what if they are pranking you? And what is the harm if they really want to experiment with a sexual 3-way? Really! What is the harm?"
I finished my beer, almost half a glass, in one giant swallow."Damn! You're serious? Aren't you?"
"Fucking right I am. I see no harm either way. I know she is your step sister, but she is not blood. And she is old enough to be making adult decisions for herself. So if the two lesbians want to have a little fun with male cock, why not be the one with the cock they want?"
"This could totally screw up our relationship."I replied, almost exasperated.
"So, talk about that with her, and with Erica. Tell them your concerns, and how you love them as a sister, and almost a sister. And let them know that you think they are really hot sexually. Then if everyone agrees and understands the risks, go for it. Fuck their brains out!"
I couldn't believe what Joe was telling me. But I supposed he was correct. Or at least I wanted him to be correct. My cock wanted Joe to be correct.
A while later I finished my second beer and knew I had to head home. As I was standing to leave Joe caught my arm and said"Charlie, if you can't go through with this 3-some with Kim and Erica, point them my way. I am sure I can fill their needs."I looked back at him and knew he was serious.
++++++
Later that evening I sat naked in front of my computer, logged in to Kim's Drive account viewing the photos and videos. There wasn't any new material, but I was really enjoying what they had already posted. And knowing that they posted this stuff for me to view just made it all the more erotic. Reviewing the latest video of Erica kissing Kim, I wished it was me kissing Erica. She looked like a fabulous kisser and I was sure she had soft delicate lips. Joe's words were sinking into my head, making a stronger case for me to follow through with this game being played with Kim and Erica. I wasn't sure exactly where this was heading, but more and more I was willing to risk any downsides for the possible pleasures of having sex with one or both of the girls. My reluctance to consider my step-sister sexy had disappeared. To imagine having sex with her was no longer out of the question, but a viable possibility. My cock was hard and stroking it was very pleasurable. Viewing the photos of my sister naked was now very erotic and soon my cock was spewing cum all over my hand and dripping onto the floor. I was again glad I had decided to have tile floor in my home office. It was much easier to clean up on occasions like this.
I decided for now to continue playing their Internet exhibitionist/voyeur game just to see how this would progress. Friday night I posted a video of myself stroking my cock and talking in general about naughty girls on the Internet that post lewd photos and videos. How they tease men and make the men believe that they actually want to have sex with us. I spoke about how I could image myself in a specific 3-some with a busty redhead and a busty blonde. I described how the blonde was lying on her back, legs spread open for me to come fill her pussy with my cock. The redhead was sitting on the blonde's face, grinding her pussy onto the blonde's mouth and holding her tits out for me to play with. Within moments my cum was shooting out of my hard cock, clearly visible on the video I recorded and posted to my drive account.
I wondered what their reaction would be. Our game was becoming even more interesting.
++++++
Sunday the girls were at the lake for one last summer party and we canceled our usual Sunday night dinner together. I was having very mixed feelings about seeing Kim and Erica. The online interplay was becoming very sexually stimulating, but I wasn't sure how our next live meeting would play out. It could be normal as if nothing was happening on the Internet, or it could be very awkward as we each determined our next moves, or it could quickly evolve into a sexual orgy, or possibly I could learn that I was the victim of a major, big brother tease.
I was actually relieved that I had a few more days to consider what we were doing, where we might be going, and what I wanted to happen. Sunday I didn't even check my sister's Drive account online to see if anything new was posted. But Monday night, I had to look.
Sure enough, a new video had just been posted earlier that day. They were playing out the scene I had described in my last video. Erica was nude, flat on her back on the bed, knees bent and legs wide open, her glistening wet pussy very visible for the camera, and for me. Kim was also nude, riding Erica's face in reverse cowgirl facing the camera. Kim was plunging a dildo into her lover's cunt. She pulled it out of Erica's pussy, held it up to her mouth and took a long slow lick of the copious fluids that covered the dildo. Dropping the dildo she then cupped both her breasts with her hands, holding them out for me. Then Kim stared into the camera and said,
"We know you are watching us Charlie. We want you to join us."
to be continued