Have you ever been so horny that you felt sick to your stomach? I feel that way when I haven't had an orgasm in awhile and today was that kind of day.
My stomach was in knots. Really torn up. I was sitting in the last class of the day on the last school day of the week watching the clock tick. Just 5 more minutes then I'd have to go back to the apartment. My boyfriend had left that morning for a job interview in Ohio and has we kissed goodbye at the airport, he had casually asked if I'd stay at his place while he was gone. It was just till Sunday evening and he said something about not wanting his roommate tearing the place up. Here's the thing . . . while he didn't trust his roommate alone with his stuff, I didn't trust myself alone with his roommate.
My name is . . . actually, maybe I shouldn't reveal that. Just call me Abby. I'm a student and live in Chapel Hill, NC and have been dating Tim for just over a year. He is a very nice guy – a senior accounting major. We are like best friends and I'd always hoped to find a guy like Tim to get serious with. The problem though is that while Tim is so nice and all, he is physically small. All over. And he is shy and introverted . . . which I thought was great because I am all those things too. It's just that I didn't realize how much I needed a more directive partner in bed. I guess that's what I mean. It embarrasses me to even admit this to myself.
I'm a 'good girl' so coming to grips with sex was/is a struggle. I'd been with a couple of guys before Tim but they didn't do much for me. Funny thing – they remind me a lot of Tim but with no personality. I go for the safe guys I guess. Tim is safe and funny and smart so he was different in that way at least.
Like I mentioned, I'm introverted but not exactly nerdy. Since this is a story about sex, I guess it's only fair to describe myself. I run a lot and like the way my body looks – funny thing is the less I wear, the better I look. I mean some girls have big breasts that guys notice from across the room – mine are really nice but small. I kind of have to advertise them more than the aforementioned other girls.
I have very little body fat on me because of my obsessive running habit so in a nice tight polo or t shirt and a short denim skirt I get my share of looks from guys. I also have auburn hair and green eyes which is cool – kind of unique looking I'm told.
After class I headed straight to the bathroom, quickly stepping into to first open stall. I pulled up my skirt and pulled down my underwear. The fabric around the crotch of my panties was sopping wet. As I sat down on the toilet I relaxed my anus and felt the contents of my bowels shoot out of my rectum with a splash before I could even get fully seated. It felt so good. After a few more squirts, my stomach managed to unclenched itself.
As I cleaned myself up I began to imagine the muscular black man I'd seen cleaning this same bathroom earlier in the week. He was with me in the stall, pulling my legs back up over my shoulders as I sat on the toilet, fucking me with his long fat cock . . . I made myself stop the fantasy. These types of dirty little fantasies had been flooding my brain all day. I was so desperate for a good rough fuck – it scared me thinking about what might happen if I wasn't careful.
As I walked back to Tim's place, I resolved not to do anything crazy while he was gone. Just hang out with Matt (his roommate) and catch up on some school projects I needed to wrap up. I thought that I could control my urges. I had been doing that for years. Just because Tim's gone for two nights didn't mean I was going to turn into an instant slut, right?
As I unlocked the door to the apartment I wasn't surprised to find Matt missing. It was Friday and Matt, unlike myself or my boyfriend, lived to party. He was likely trying to talk some freshman girl into letting him take her on a "date". He had a way with the freshmen girls. Not surprising because he is very cute and fun. The fact that his body is rock hard and cut doesn't hurt either.
The only reason he and Tim have stayed roommates is, best I can tell, they compliment each other's weaknesses. Tim helps Matt with school and stuff and Matt . . . well Matt just does what he wants. I have told Tim a thousand times that guys like Matt bother me and that he should find another roommate. When I tell him that I really mean it too. Matt is an aggressive jerk. Charming but a jerk nonetheless. However, for the last three weeks Matt and I have fallen into a pattern that I'm sure Tim would find upsetting.
It started one Tuesday morning. I have late classes on Tuesdays and Tim has early classes everyday. That left just Matt and me in the apartment. I spend more time at their place than my own so it's not uncommon for me to be around.
It was roughly 8:15 and Tim had been gone for an hour already. Matt sleeps till at least 10 most mornings so I felt sure I'd have some alone time to have some juice for breakfast and do some school work. I walked into the kitchen and poured a glass of orange juice, wearing the panties and tank top I'd slept in. As I was walking out of the kitchen I slammed straight into Matt. He was wearing just his underwear – tight boxers, no t shirt. My juice splashed onto my thin, tight top. Matt grabbed me, shocked (he clearly wasn't expecting me) and pulled me close to his muscled chest.
When he let go I saw that my breast were clearly visible through the wet, juice stained fabric of my tank top. He was looking at my breasts while I was staring at his crotch. He had a raging morning erection . . . oh my god what an erection. His large cock was straining the stretchy material of his tight underwear. For about 5 seconds we just kind of visually feasted on each other. Then, without any awkwardness, Matt looked at me and said coolly, "Fix me a glass of that after you clean up this mess" then he walked down the hall to the living room and turned on the television.
I was stunned. What a jerk - I was really mad. I couldn't believe he'd expect me to serve him . . . I picked up my glass and went back to the fridge, poured me a glass . . . furious at him . . . but then, I reached for another glass . . . and poured his juice. It felt surprisingly good. Being told what to do by him . . . something about it felt really good.
After I wiped up the kitchen floor, I took his juice to him then sat down in a chair opposite him . . . . his body was so nice . . . as I handed him his glass he told me to be more careful and continued to watch tv . . . I told him I was sorry. He shifted his gaze to me. His cock was even longer and fatter now.
We knew what we were doing . . . basically exposing ourselves to each other . . . I watched as he grew larger and he watched as my nipples became rock hard. I remember taking my finger into my mouth and biting the tip while he watched me. It felt so erotic. I think maybe a minute passed, Matt just roamed my body with his eyes. Then suddenly my cell phone rang. It was on the coffee table next to Matt . . . he took a look at it and smiled. Then he threw it to me – "It's your boyfriend" he said with a smirk and walked out of the room. Tim had called to tell me his class had been canceled. I remember lying to him and telling him I was still in bed.
I wasn't sure how to act around Matt after that. I couldn't help thinking about his beautiful body, or his gorgeous cock. While Tim fucked me later that night I imagined that it was Matt . . . this didn't work because Tim is so small. I can't feel him.
After Tim came I got up to go to the bathroom and did something that shocked me . . . I locked the door . . . three fingers into my pussy, my thumb rubbing my clit . . . I reached into the hamper with my other hand and brought Matt's dirty underwear to my face . . . . I licked and smelled his dirty boxers as I finger fucked myself to orgasm, stuffing them into my mouth to stifle my moans. My whole body shook . . . it felt incredible and also scared me that I'd do such a thing.
Later that night, has I lay next to my sleeping boyfriend, I masturbated again but this time to the thought of Matt's big dick lodged deep into my ass. I came hard and drifted off to a very peaceful sleep.
Since that Tuesday, whenever it's just Matt and me in the apartment I've often found a way to get almost completely undressed. For example, if it's 3 in the afternoon I pretend to be just getting up from a nap and I walk into the living room in one of Tim's t shirts and a pair of panties. We talk about the day and about classes and stuff. It's arousing and kind of weird. When I know that Tim's about to come home I just go put on a pair of jeans or a skirt. I love teasing Matt.
Anyway, so that's why I'm afraid of what I might do this weekend . . . I love Tim a lot and was thinking about a life with him. But the dirty secret side of me has been fighting that good girl notion of marrying Tim and living happily ever after.
As I think about my relationship with Tim something draws me down the hallway of the quiet apartment. I hate myself for doing this but I decide to slip into the bathroom again . . . I know I'm alone now so I don't lock the door. I strip completely, touch my nipples, gently at first, then much harder. I suck on my fingers. It doesn't take long . . . oh yes . . . I feel my thighs become sticky. I moan Matt's name and reach for his underwear.
I'm doing it again . . . one . . two . . three fingers inside me now as I taste the sweaty crotch of his dirty boxers. My fingers shake, my eyes close as I breathe deeply . . . so close now . . . fuck yes I moan . . . fuck me Matt . . . oh god I need to be fucked so badly, oh god yes, I whisper into to the delicious material . . . I'm so close . . .
I look into the mirror and like what I see. My firm tight body buckling against my hands. It's so obscene looking . . . I'm so close now. The image of my hand shoved up my pussy and Matt's underwear in my mouth sends me over the edge.
Suddenly the lights go out. I'm coming like mad in the dark and I hear the shower curtain pull back. "That's it girl, come hard you fucked up slut . . . "
My eyes shoot open but I can't see anything. Oh god someone's in the room with me but I can tell immediately by their voice that it's not Matt or Tim . . . .
[Not sure exactly how to continue this story but would like to try if folks like the story line. Please let me know if you like it and what ideas you would like to see incorporated into part II. Thanks for your ideas and feedback!]