The next day was a Saturday. I woke up feeling very satisfied, and couldn't believe my luck. That gorgeous girl, who I had just met, had given me road head just for taking her home after work. I was very excited at the possibility of going out on a date with this girl. She had given me her number the night before, and I quickly sent her a text message, asking about her plans. She also had the day off, and asked if I could come meet her at her house. I was suddenly a bit worried that she really had meant that she wanted me to ask her father for permission to date her.
I quickly showered and got dressed, putting on some jeans and a t-shirt, before heading out. As I approached her house, I didn't see any cars in the driveway. I ran up the steps and knocked on the door. There was no answer, so I tried ringing the doorbell. After about five minutes, I decided to walk around the side of the house to see if someone was out back. I had heard some sounds from the backyard that may have been someone swimming in a pool. When I came around the side of the house, my jaw dropped.
Sitting on a lounge chair, sunbathing, was Brooke. She was wearing a tight, orange bikini and I could see her perky breasts and erect nipples through her top. As she got up and began to walk beside the pool, I gaped at her sexy body, mouth open. The strong, tanned calves leading up to her tight, muscular thighs only accentuated the bright orange of her bikini bottom. I could see her flat stomach and my eyes wandered upward to see those breasts popping out at me as if beckoning for me to touch them. As she raised her arms and hands to tie her hair into a ponytail, her top moved up a little and I could see the underside of her breasts. The top was just too small to hold her tits in, and I prayed they would fall out. Then she turned around and showed that gorgeous, tanned ass. Her swimsuit barely covered it, and I could see a sexy dragonfly tattoo on her lower back. All of a sudden, I realized that my pants had grown tighter.
I thought about calling out to her, but decided I would just watch. I hadn't actually told her what time I would come over, and I felt like there was no harm in just enjoying the show for a short time. She went back to lay down on the lounge chair to get more sun. I watched for about five more minutes and thought about simply calling out to let her know I had arrived. That's when I noticed her hand begin to move up to her left breast to free it from the tight bikini top. I couldn't believe my eyes, but she was massaging her breast. I could see her other hand slide down her body and begin rubbing between her legs. I considered pulling my dick out right there, but realized that someone could potentially see me and thought better of it. Brooke then put her hand inside her swimsuit bottoms, and I could see that she was truly enjoying herself. I could hear her begin to moan very quietly. I decided this was a great time to make my move.
I slowly opened the gate and walked closer to her. As I approached, I stood behind her and gazed down at her bronzed skin. I was once again amazed to see her stroking her tits with one hand and playing with her pussy with the other. She continued moaning very softly, and I couldn't believe my eyes or my luck. I tentatively reached toward her as though I was drawn by an invisible string, and my fingers lightly grazed her shoulder. She arched her back reflexively, thrusting those round breasts up and even closer to me, but her eyes remained closed. I lazily trailed my fingers gently down her arms, and she arched her back again almost as if begging me to take her nipples in my mouth. I moved so slowly, trying not to break the spell for either of us. I excruciatingly slowly let my fingers glance over her left nipple which had already been freed from its confinement in her bikini top, and she gasped. I then gently untied her bikini top and let it fall, exposing both glorious mounds to the sun, and to me. I bent down and took one nipple in my mouth while caressing the other. Brooke was trembling but didn't stop stroking her clit or open her eyes. Her breathing became shallow and fast, and her moaning intensified. I thought I was going to explode right then and there; I wanted to fuck this girl so badly. She started trembling so hard I worried for a moment she was uncomfortable. At that moment, she arched one more time into my mouth and I gently bit her nipple, which caused her to cry out, "Oh, Everett!". She slowly opened her eyes and looked at me with that glassy, content, post-orgasm gaze.
I looked again at the house and inferred that nobody else was home. I quietly removed my pants and shirt, and sat on a lounge chair next to her.
"I'm happy you're here," Brooke said. "I saw you watching me earlier, and thought you might like more of a show."
"You knew I was here the whole time?" I replied.
"Yeah, you're not very good at sneaking around. Did you like what I was doing?" Brooke inquired as she untied her bikini bottom. She was now completely nude. She had tan lines that accentuated her hairless pussy and her big tits and nipples popped out like they were flowers trying to absorb sunshine. She opened her pussy lips with her fingers, and I could see that she was very wet.
"Yeah, I do. Is there anything I can do to help?" I offered, as a feeble attempt.
"You helped me a lot already, now you can bring that cock over here and put it in my mouth," she said.
I walked over to her and knelt beside her, brandishing my hard cock. She stuck out her tongue and just licked it. As she did this, she looked up deep into my eyes. Her brown eyes twinkled in the sunlight. I could see there were also specks of green in her eyes. As our eyes were locked, she took my hand in hers and guided it to her stomach. I felt her hard abs and stroked her skin. It was so soft. I slid my hand down her stomach until I came to the top of her pussy. I could feel her arch her hips a little, recognizing what she wanted, but I decided to tease her and massage down her thighs a little. They were toned and yet still very soft. I could feel the sun lotion she had added to her skin from earlier. I slid my hand back up her thigh and felt her pussy. It was so wet, my fingers were immediately drenched. As I was focused on her pussy, Brooke immediately and without warning grabbed my erect cock and put it in her mouth. The way she handled it made me feel like she was in the desert in desperate need for a drink of water. The only way she could quench this thirst was with my dick.
We both began to moan, and all of a sudden she took my dick out of her mouth and began stroking it with her hand. Then she opened her wet lips and sucked on my balls. It was the most intense feeling I had yet to experience.
After a short time, I asked, "Can we go inside and keep playing?"
"Sure," she said. "My parents won't be home for hours. Would you like to see my room?"