A Secret of Witchcraft - A Young Witch Masturbates Her Way Into College
by A_Little_Show
This is a work of fiction. Any similarities to people or places are coincidental and not intended to reflect reality in any way.
This is a prequel to "Another Secret of Witchcraft" but can be read alone.
----- ~ -----
I'm going to tell you the secret of witchcraft. You won't believe me anyway. That's the way witchcraft works. There's always a logical explanation. I spent a week casting a spell for snow in the sweltering summer. Some expert on TV talked about a "thermal inversion producing small granule hail". I can't prove it wouldn't have happened without my spell. Go ahead and think I'm delusional. I believe in coincidence. I experience it so often I call it witchcraft.
I started out casting spells for every odd whim that crossed my mind. I saw no harm in it. Most early spells were more fantasies that fizzled anyway, but I kept doing it. It's probably an addiction at this point. I don't want to stop. Witchcraft is fun even when it doesn't amount to anything.
I used to watch reruns of a TV show where a witch wiggled her nose to cast spells. I find wiggling my clitoris much more effective. I discovered the technique about the same time my spells started working. It could be coincidence. I'll keep doing it my way. Nothing beats the double pleasure of a mind bending orgasm and a world bending spell. I just have to be more discreet than the TV witch.
Carefree days filled with daydreams and spell casting lasted a long time. Then, I read a short story called "The Monkey's Paw" for school. In the story, a married couple got a talisman that would grant three wishes. The husband wished for money to pay off his house, and shortly later, his son died in an accident. The settlement for his son's death exactly matched the amount of money needed to pay off the house. The wife wished for the son to come back and live at home, but the son was horribly mangled and had been buried for a week. As the zombie son pawed at the locked front door, the husband used the last wish for his son to be dead and in the grave. The story scared my pants back on, and after that, I tried to be more circumspect with spells.
Thank goodness I'd never used witchcraft for money. A simple life brought everything I wanted that money could buy. My father once said, "The secret to happiness is not wanting too much." He also said, "The way to make ends meet is to never let them get too far apart." It worked for us. I never noticed my witchcraft bringing misery exactly, but sometimes I didn't like the way things worked out. I could see how spells might go catastrophically wrong. I swore to myself I'd only use it for little things and certainly not for money.
As a kid, I was alone but never lonely. The other kids played together at recess. I wandered around the playground lost in my imagination. I was the "weird" kid, but it was fine. It never bothered me until I got a little older. By the time I started high school, I started feeling left out of the apparently fun things my peers were doing. I'd see them kissing in the parking lot. I'd eavesdrop on them talking about sexy things. I'd never seen a boy naked, and the thought of sexual intercourse actually repulsed me, but my imagination ran wild. I fantasized that all the boys and some of the girls wanted me. That was the key. I wanted to be wanted. Then it would be up to me what tokens of affection I might give in return.
An event spurred me to action. I felt ashamed talking about it until recently. The boys ignored me, and the only girls who paid attention to me were mean. They mocked and taunted me. They told everyone in school I was secretly a boy pretending to be a girl. Some of the other kids refused to change clothes when I was in the locker-room. I took care of that by casting a spell to get out of taking gym classes. Anyway, I sometimes thought about smiting the mean girls with my mighty powers. I came close (pun intended), but I didn't do it because I took "The Monkey's Paw" warning seriously. I bottled up my emotions so nobody could see how unhappy I was.
One day, I asked a new boy who just moved to town if he wanted to hold my hand and eat lunches with me. I really wanted him to get naked for me so I could check out all the secrets of masculinity. I thought I better work up to that. He seemed to like me at first. We went for a walk on the mountain, and he slipped his hand into a back pocket of my jeans as we walked. I didn't mind. At lunches, I'd tell him the plots of books I adored. Within only a few days, he lost interest. He started sitting with some other girls at lunch, and I resumed my habit of eating in solitude.
In my hormone addled mind, I thought maybe I needed to give him something to keep him interested. I was in the habit of wearing baggy sweatshirts or thick wool sweaters. If I wore wool, I'd wear as silky camisole under the sweater to avoid the occasional scratchiness. I saw him alone at his locker after most people had already left for the day. I was on my way to detention because I was caught reading a paperback in Math class one too many times. I stepped back behind a corner. With my chest heaving and unable to catch my breath, I pulled the sweater over my head. I rounded the corner as nonchalant as the confident seductress I imagined myself to be. I bent over in front of him saying, "Let me help you with those books". I knew the pose would expose most of my breasts to him because the camisole was loose and hung down away from my chest. He glanced at me, looked away, and said, "I've tried to be nice. Return the favor by leaving me alone."
I was devastated. I blew off detention and walked the six miles home in freezing rain. At least wool can still be warm when it's wet. When I arrived, nobody else was home. If I could have talked to my dad, maybe I would have felt a little better. I cried. Then I took a hot bath supposedly to get my feet warm again. Before I even started the water running, I was already imagining a permanent solution to a temporary problem. I tried to cast a spell in the tub, but all it accomplished was chafing my unaroused nipples and vulva. I got out of the tub and trudged to the medicine cabinet where my father kept his straight razors. I took one out of its cardboard sleeve nicking a finger in the process. A few drops of blood hit the water, and I thought, "maybe just a little more to make the water pink." Over the course of a half hour, I sliced open an arm from my wrist to my elbow.
My mother found me resting despondently in a bright pink pool. She yelled at me. She made me get out of the tub, and then she used all of the first aide kit's bandaids to hold my wound together along the length of my forearm. The cut wasn't deep. "It's just a flesh wound," I said in a bad English accent. It was a quote from "Monty Python & The Holy Grail". Mom didn't get the joke. Later that night, Dad let me cuddle on his lap in his favorite chair. He didn't ask me why I cut myself. He just asked me not to do it again because he loved me and would miss me.
I decided I needed a steady boy who wouldn't be fickle. The spell I cast actually brought more joy and satisfaction than I expected. The trickster universe works in my favor sometimes. I knew I had to be careful. I thought I planned everything down to the finest details. The moment of intense release as I cast my spell left me trembling but certain of success.
The spell was clear and specific. I've since learned being so specific is like a challenge to the universe to surprise me anyway. I wanted someone I didn't already know to love me above all others. I had two reasons for puting it that way. First, the boys I knew were definitely not ones I wanted, and second, I didn't want to mess up any existing relationships between people I knew. I mean - dad should love mom more than anyone, plus, eew. A week later, Lloyd came into my life. He wasn't what I expected, but he certainly loved me once I started feeding him from the table. We became inseparable. He had a magic of his own, too. I'd see him watching me from the pasture by the high school and yet, somehow, he'd be at the end of the lane when I stepped off the bus.
I thought of Lloyd as my "familiar" because isn't that what witches call it? I told Lloyd my fears and dreams. He comforted me whenever I had a blue moment. He slept in my bed to keep me warm in winter. I didn't miss whatever else I expected when I cast the spell. Lloyd may have loved me above all others, but I couldn't truly return his love. I should've asked for a relationship of equals. Witchcraft can be tricky that way.
Lloyd had a gray muzzle when he came to me, and our time together was too short. One day, a Sunday morning when it seemed like everyone but me was at church, Lloyd and I went exploring up the mountain. We'd done it a hundred times before. That day, he never came back down. He lay to rest his old bones in a sunny glade, closed his eyes, and slipped away. I buried him there. I still talk to him when a fear or dream needs to be heard. He never had answered me, so nothing has really changed.
Lloyd dying reminded me to think about what I wanted in life. I certainly wasn't going to try and bring Lloyd back. I played with the idea of casting another spell - an even better one - asking for a lover. It didn't seem right though. I mean, wouldn't that be like taking advantage of someone? Would he or she have any choice? I decided I wouldn't use my power that way. Maybe I avoid "Monkey Paw" outcomes by thinking of others, or having good intentions, or because I offer to share my orgasms in exchange for coincidences. It makes sense to me. I don't tempt fate. She's a voyeur - not really a friend.
I didn't have any direction or goals. I'd spend most of each day reading romance novels from the library. I liked it when there was a man who couldn't be thwarted in his overpowering need to consummate his love. I daydreamed all through high school. Math was the worst. By amazing coincidence, the governor's task force reduced math requirements for high school graduation my year. A spell or two might have helped in other subjects too. I wrote a term paper that got me one of my few As. I made a paper collage that was displayed in the State House Rotunda along with student works from around the state. It's only coincidence that I was recovering from epic orgasms when I wrote the paper and made the collage.
Everybody I knew from school was getting married or pregnant or both. There's not much to do for money where I grew up. The only people who left our town either joined the military or went away to college. I decided to go to college.
Nobody in my family had ever been to one. I didn't have any money. Going to college was going to require some sweet witchcraft. I dedicated the better part of every day to it. In the mornings, I slid off my panties and absentmindedly caressed myself under the sheets. I indulged a favorite fantasy about nebulous boys masturbating over my nude body. It had never actually happened of course, and I didn't cast a spell for it. Some fantasies should remain only fantasies - a least for a while.
The self care and fantasy reliably got my engine purring, so I'd slip down the short hallway to the bathroom. Once in the shower, the real work began. I'd imagine myself walking through a green parklike setting surrounded by handsome fellow students and friends. I couldn't quite complete my spell with such a mundane image, so I'd add a fantasy about peeking on college men while they showered. I might mix it up imagining I had a roommate making love to a hunk on the lower bunk while I pretended to sleep on an upper bunk. I'd make eye contact with the guy just as he came inside my roommate. Sometimes I'd imagine a strategically placed mirror allowing him to watch me masturbate on the top bunk while he thrust like an animal into my roommate. By that point, the shower jet on the hood of my clitoris usually brought me over the brink, and I cast my spell in the rush.
----- ~ -----
Nothing obvious other than chafing happened that summer. With spells, you don't want to be too specific, but you still have to spell out what you want. The trouble was, I didn't know what to want. How could I pick one college over another? The only colleges I'd ever seen were in movies. I didn't know about applications or SATs. I decided to try taking things step by step. The first thing I wanted to do was see a college first hand, so I rocked out a modest orgasm and a spell for a way to get to a college.
The next day, I was walking past the only restaurant still open in town. It held on because the Greyhound Bus was never on schedule, and the driver let people off to eat instead of listening to them complain about missing lunch all the way to Charleston. There was also a fancy tour bus that passed through every month or so on the way to some mountain getaway for old people with money. The old people said, "Quaint this," and, "Charming that," and ate BBQ venison whether they knew it or not.
So, anyway, I was walking past the restaurant when my former English teacher stopped me on the sidewalk. "Good morning Andrea," she said, "I'm glad I bumped into you. Do you have any plans this weekend?"
"No, ma'am," I said with a grin just knowing a coincidence was about to unfold. "Why do you ask?"
"Ashely and Debra-Ann were gonna go to Columbus for a youth retreat this weekend, but Debra-Ann backed out. You know that family. They're about as reliable as a rusty gun, and they'd miss an appointment with Jesus himself if there was a bar on the way. Would you like to go with Ashely - so she's not alone on the bus?"
The teacher might have been implying she thought a church retreat wouldn't do me any harm. I never liked church. The paster got surly when I didn't pay attention, and with something as boring as one of his lectures from the pulpit, how could I possibly pay attention? Everyone in town gossiped when I stopped going, but my dad said I was being "home schooled" on the Bible. Enough people hated the pastor that home school Bible study got pretty popular.
I understood why a parent wouldn't want a teenager riding alone cross country on a bus. Plus, I'm sure Ashely's mom wanted me to make sure Ashely actually went where she said she was going. I never spent much time with Ashley because she's a few years younger than me, and she was one of those kids who prayed like an angel but slipped out of the house to sin at night. I learned the word, "hypocrisy", from my dad, or maybe school, but I learned how to apply it at church. Ashley might have been planning to sneak away for a forbidden weekend with a boyfriend.
"I've never been to Columbus," I replied. I don't know why I said it because everyone would have already known if I'd ever gone that far. "I'd be happy to go with Ashely."
----- ~ -----
My legs wobbled and my sandals scraped on the steps into the Greyhound. I'd never been out of the county and was about to travel more than 200 miles. Once aboard, I shivered with goose flesh. The short gray sundress I picked to keep me cool on a blazing August afternoon left me chilled to the bone in the bus's turbo-mega air conditioning.
Most seats were empty. Ashely sat across the aisle a few seats ahead of me and was hypnotized by the beat in her headphones. A group of Future Farmers of America sat in front and based on their conversation planned to get off at Charleston. A soldier slept several rows behind me. The arrangement granted relative privacy.
I slid my "Blue Light Special" nylon panties down being careful to smooth the dress under me so my bare skin wouldn't touch the seat. I worked up a little orgasm and cast a spell so people would coincidently fail to notice what I was doing. As I concentrated on a second bigger one, I focussed my energy on being more comfortable for the rest of the trip.
We arrived in Charleston minutes after I withdrew my slippery finger. The driver opened a luggage compartment for the FFA passengers. I asked for my bag, and the driver said, "it's against policy to take out a tagged item before its destination." He gave it to me anyway, and I dug out a hoodie I didn't remember packing and a pair of jeans.
The rest of the ride went much better. I probably looked odd wearing jeans under my dress and a sweatshirt over it. Ashley frowned but didn't comment. I'll usually pick comfort over style given half a chance.
A man with a guitar got on the bus at Portsmouth along the Ohio river. He played an old mountain song my mother sometimes hums. Everyone including the driver clapped when the song ended. He played a few songs from the radio too. Then he put the guitar away and asked, "Miss, do you mind if I draw a picture of you? I need something to keep my hands busy, and I've already played every tune I know." He said it in about the most charming way I ever heard.
"I don't mind," I said and moved to the aisle seat closer to him.
He rearranged himself a row ahead of me and dug a pad and a funny looking thick pencil out of a big pocket on the outside of his guitar case.
"Come a little closer, and stretch your legs toward me."
When I did what he asked, he added, "Now tip your head back and look to the side."
Nobody ever drew a picture of me before. My art education hadn't got past finger paints and collages. The drawing took forever, and my mind wandered until I half forgot what he was doing. I asked him, "where are you headed?"
"I'm getting off in Columbus," he said. "I'm teaching for a year as a visiting artist."
"Where will you teach?" I pictured him in an elementary school.
"It's a place called Columbus College of Art and Design."
I absentmindedly scratched my nose and smelled a coincidence along with my lingering musk. "So it's a college? What's it like?"
"It's a small non-profit college with about 1,500 students, but it has a great reputation. It's been around for over 100 years. They're giving me a studio and paying me to draw - as if I wouldn't do it for free," he scoffed and grinned.
It sounded like a manageable number of students to me. One of my fears was getting lost in the kind of crowds I'd seen at college football games on TV. 1,500 was about the number of people in my town.
"I'm Andrea," I said while extending a hand.
"Calder," he replied. He shook my fingers instead of my whole hand.
A little while later, he asked, "Would you like to see?" He seemed proud of himself.
The picture didn't look much like me. I kind of picked out my legs and the dress. He drew a mess of squiggles for my head.
"You don't like it?" he asked.
"It's very good," I said wondering if he fibbed earlier or if college standards were that low.
Columbus blew my mind when we drove into the downtown bus garage. I'd never seen anything like it except on TV. Ashley had been there before and knew the way from the bus station. I got sweaty walking the half dozen blocks to the church if you could call it that. It was so big, it could swallow the biggest building back home.
Once inside, Ashley watched my bag while I went to the ladies room. I took off the sweatshirt and jeans. As long as I had a bit of privacy, I worked up a little spell to be excused from sitting through boring church meetings. The climax refreshed me even though I had to be quiet because someone else walked in the bathroom half way through.
When I came back to the lobby, an old lady pointed me to the registration table. I signed my name, address, emergency contact, and age into the book. The woman guarding the paperwork frowned and grumped, "You shouldn't have come to this retreat, dear. It's for under eighteen only."
"I'm sorry," I said. "Is there anything I can do now? It's Friday night. I don't think I can get a bus home. I don't have anyplace else to stay, and I don't have any money."
While the old lady went away to talk to a pastor, I daydreamed wondering where the college was and if I could walk to it. The church lady decided to let me sleep in one of the church's unused meeting rooms, and I scored a comfy couch. The younger girls had to sleep on the floor of a gymnasium in the school attached to the church. Coincidentally, church lady said I wouldn't be allowed to attend any of the retreat sessions over the weekend.
I fell asleep pretty early. I guess long bus rides are more taxing than I imagined. In the morning, I snagged a muffin off the breakfast table before the other girls were even awake. With nothing else to do, I decided to find the Columbus College of Art and Design and see what a real college looked like. I enjoyed a couple of hours wandering about. There was a really cool farmer's market with things I'd never heard of like "Baklava". Everything was too expensive for me to buy. I imagined a few spells that might help, but I never got around to them. The college had about a dozen big buildings and some of them were made of glass five or six stories tall. There was a glass covered room called the "atrium" sandwiched between buildings. It wasn't anything like the colleges in movies.
All the doors I tried were locked. Some people slid cards through slots to get inside, but I didn't have a card. I stood on tip toes and hopped up and down to peek in windows. Disappointed, I walked around the block, and I was about to go back to the church when Calder called my name.
"Come on in," he said. "I'll buy you a Pepsi."
A couple of boys pushed past me with a rolled up carpet, and one of them propped the door open with a ratty old shoe. I felt like I stirred a bee hive. I only saw a few people on the sidewalk, but there was a crowd buzzing here and there inside.
Calder found the last open table in the middle of the atrium. "It's move-in day," he said. "The upperclassmen are finding their studios and getting things set up. The first year students won't show up until tomorrow."
"What does this place teach besides drawing?" I asked.
"There's Fine Arts, Animation, Comics, Crafts, Fashion Design, Film, History of Art, Illustration, Industrial Design, Interior Architecture." Calder counted them off on his fingers. He added, "Photography, too."
"I kind of know what comics, film, and history are." I smiled.
Calder laughed and invited me on a tour. "This is my studio," he said and gestured into an open door. It was not a very big room, but it had a floor to ceiling window on the side opposite the door. "It has good light."
It also had a mini-refrigerator where Calder kept his Pepsi. I raised my eyebrows realizing he probably planned to get me in his "studio" from the beginning. A chill went up my spine even though it was pretty hot and stuffy in there. It felt like some kind of "slip-click" as if a missing piece of the universe just slotted into place.
I nodded and pointed toward the door with the Pepsi bottle. Taking the hint, Calder led me further down a corridor lined with similar studios. Students hurried around us, and several studios were already in use. One girl had hair so short I could see muscles moving in her scalp while she chewed gum. She wore a sports bra and shorts and was still covered in sweat. Another room had a rough looking bald man with an old-fashion handlebar mustache.
Calder said, "It's getting hot in here. The air conditioning is probably off or can't keep up when people are opening the doors all the time."
I turned to him. "How much does it cost to go to school here?"
"I'm not sure. I think it's around thirty thousand if you count living here."
I looked at my hands. That was more money than my dad earned in a year. The college felt like a place I should be, though. I liked to think all the weird people could teach me a thing or two. They seemed intense and passionate about whatever they did. A couple with matching short hair walked past holding hands and then leaned together for a kiss. I couldn't tell which one was the boy or if either of them was a boy.
"What would I have to do to go to school here?" I asked.
"I assume students submit a portfolio, high school transcripts, and that kind of thing. That's the way it worked where I went to school."
"What's a portfolio?"
Calder ended the tour back at his studio and answered, "Students collect their best work for a few years and put it in a portfolio so they can show other people. Sometimes, they just take pictures to show."
I bent over to look at some of Calder's drawings where they lay stacked beside carved wooden masks and a big black penis sculpture. I hoped the penis was as exaggerated as the masks, or if it wasn't, I was glad I didn't get that boy I once sought. Calder noticed where I was looking and said, "It's a fertility symbol." I raised my eyebrows and privately noted that most of the drawings were crazy spaghetti like the one from the bus.
I flopped on the floor next to the window and pulled my knees up to my chin. Calder's studio had a good view down to the street. I knocked on the glass, but none of the busy people on the sidewalk looked up.
Calder's hands moved in a blur wiping chalk on paper and raising a multicolored dust cloud. I didn't mind. I closed my eyes to imagine what it would be like living at the college. As I searched my feelings, Calder flipped a page and started another drawing. When he paused for a moment, I pulled my sweaty t-shirt over my head thinking the girl in the sports bra had the right idea. I didn't have a sports bra, but the half camisole I wore to stop people looking through my white t-shirt gave me about as much modesty.
I was more comfortable and stretched out my legs. It seemed to inspire Calder. Without thinking, I rolled my t-shirt into a tight knot and juggled it from hand to hand. After a while, I stuffed the ball between my thighs and crossed my legs. Visions of making a portfolio danced behind my closed eyelids. I wasn't conscious of rocking and clenching my thighs until the little orgasm became almost inevitable.
Calder stared at me with a strange expression. I flashed a half smile and asked, "Can I try drawing with your chalk?"
He handed down his pad and as many pieces of chalk as he held in one hand. He looked into my lap where my thighs parted and the t-shirt ball remained. The legs of my shorts left a gap that might have exposed some of my panties. I smiled to myself and then scolded myself for thinking sexy thoughts. You'd think the orgasm I just had would have cleared my head.
Stretching and then concentrating, I used green and brown to draw the scene outside. I tried not to think too hard about it and made wild gestures like Calder. I closed my eyes part of the time because seeing scribbles made me feel silly. I only spent a few minutes before I glanced at my creation and handed the pad back.
Calder half fell into his chair without looking up from my drawing. He landed hard and almost tipped over. "You've been pulling my leg. You're a student here, aren't you?"
"What do you mean?" I asked shaking my head no.
"This is really good. You're really not a student here, an instructor?"
"No. Could I be?"
"Let's find out. Are you willing to draw another one?"
"I guess so."
Calder offered a hand up. When I accepted, he kept his grip and pulled me out of the room. He dragged me to another studio and knocked on the closed door.
"Dr. Henri, do you have a moment?"
The door swung wide, and an old man's eyes focused on my breasts before looking to Calder. "What can I do for you?" the old dude asked.
Calder gestured to me and said, "Andrea, this man is the President of the Academy."
I smiled for a second.
"Dr. Henri," Calder paused. "I met Andrea on the bus yesterday. She's interested in studying here, and I want you to see something."
Calder showed my drawing of the street and asked me to do it again. I begged for some more colors, and while Calder ran back to his studio to fetch the chalk, I excused myself to go to the bathroom.
The bathroom said unisex and had a door that locked. My reflection in the full length mirror smirked at me. Drawing came easier than I thought. Just to be sure, I slid off my shorts and panties to stand bottomless in just my sandals and half camisole. My fingers slid easily between familiar folds. I seldom did it standing up, but I liked the look of myself in the mirror. I used a spell called "the pinch" to tease myself by tugging on the hood over my clitoris.
Sweat soaked my camisole by the time I came. Its thin white material let some of the flesh tone of my boobs show through, and my nipples stood out. I wiped myself mostly dry and washed up splashing cold water on my face wetting the camisole further. My shorts and panties felt clammy when I pulled them up.
"Did you get lost?" Dr. Henri asked, but he continued before I could speak. "What sort of training have you had?"
I looked at the big sheet of paper Calder held before answering. "I had art class in grade school."
"Where do you go to school now?"
"I graduated from high school last year."
"Show him what you can do," Calder nagged and handed me a large sketch pad.
I rolled my eyes and selected some chalk at random. I looked around the room for something interesting to draw and decided to use Dr. Henri since he was staring at my boobs anyway. My arms flailed and my whole body twisted in an exaggerated version of Calder's technique. I closed my eyes. It took longer to fill the large sheet of paper than Calder's other pad, but it still only took a few minutes.
When I squinted at my creation, I recognized a hint of Dr. Henri's face along with his pose and body language. I nailed the pattern on the vase behind him though. I was proud of that part.
"It's a kind of performance art," Dr. Henri mused. He scratched his chin and looked closely at my multicolored mess. "Remarkable."
I looked back and forth between the men. Silence stretched. I feared the answer, but I asked anyway. "Can I go to school here?"
"We'll have to see," Dr. Henri replied and shook his head in a way I couldn't interpret. "Remarkable."
Calder thanked his boss and apologized for taking up time. Then he walked me past an office on the ground floor by the crowded atrium so he could collect a pile of forms and brochures. He bought me a sandwich from a cart at the side of the atrium. While I ate, he wrote a list of things I needed to get from home. "Do it first thing on Monday," he insisted. "The semester's about to start, and I want you here when it does."
He flattered me, and I beamed back at him. We must have seemed like an odd pair. I had put my wrinkled t-shirt back on by then, and it looked like I fished it from the trash. Smudges of chalk covered my hands and face. Calder's hair lay matted because he brushed it back so many times and squeezed his head between his hands while I drew Dr. Henri. Calder looked like Einstein if Einstein was a twenty something guitar player with stains on his shirt.
----- ~ -----
After I thanked Calder, I practically ran out the door to the street. I had to jump up and down and pinch myself. My mind raced. I had a lot to do in a short time. I called my parents right away from a pay phone, and they didn't sound very happy about my news. Their reaction kind of squashed my excitement for the rest of that day. I spent Sunday morning exploring a bit beyond the neighborhood around the college and stumbled upon The Ohio State University. I hardly entered a corner of it before deciding it was far too big for me. There were probably more people there than in three whole counties combined around home.
I didn't say anything to Ashley about the college. The packed return bus meant Ashley sat next to me. I got bored and asked about the retreat. She babbled about the spirit in her and a rededication to her mission. She went on about charity and chastity and other qualities I had never seen in her. None of it made much sense to me. My thoughts drifted to the next spells to cast. My normal fidgeting and squirming got to be almost agonizing knowing I had to wait to start.
I took care of as much witchcraft as I could late that night in my own bed. It felt so good after about 16 hours of abstinence. I remember thinking, "I'm a horny little witch." I took my time at first. I closed my eyes and brushed finger tips against my nipples so lightly I could barely feel it. My fingers slid around the sensitive outside edges and down my sides to my hips. That always makes me squirm. From my hips, fingers travelled slowly to my inner thighs. Gently, slowly, I pet the side of my clitoral hood - no pressure at all. I wafted over the edge and crossed one spell off my mental list. I kept at it until well into the morning and half a dozen spells later, I switched to some powerful magic. I rarely put anything other than my finger inside me, but there was this one toy. I'm still embarrassed to say, it was Dino Dog. His arms were smooth at the end and about as thick as my finger. It was hard plastic. I slid one of Dino's hands in and, I guess, indulged in a miniature "fisting". Of course, I didn't know that term until much later. Dino's hand hit all the right spots inside. To top it off, he had a pull cord, and when I released it, something inside him made a soft "He he he" noise that vibrated just right. Combining "He he he" on the outside with a tiny fist filling my inside made me cum hard.
It only took two orgasms on Monday afternoon to get the college applications sorted. The first spell helped my dad coincidentally find my Social Security card nobody had seen in years. I felt bad for the other one. I had to use the public library computer to type everything up, and it took longer than I expected. The library usually closed at 6 on Mondays. About ten minutes before closing, I retreated to the ladies room. When I got back to the computer, the librarian said I could stay a while longer because she planned to be there late herself. I hoped she didn't smell the musk I had just stirred into a lather, and I hoped I didn't keep her from her family or anything important.
My dad paid extra for Priority Mail, and I waited with building impatience until Dr. Henri called a few days later. He said, "Andrea, I'm sorry we can't offer you a scholarship this semester. You've missed all the deadlines set by the bank we use to handle financial aid."
My heart sank. I should've cast a spell for financial aid specifically. No, that would be too much like a spell for money. Dr. Henri went on, "What I can do is offer you a job. Would you like to work in the Student Services office? It doesn't pay much, but you could get an apartment nearby and maybe sit in on some classes until the next semester starts. By then, we should be able to offer tuition assistance."
I squelched the urge to jump up and down long enough to thank Dr. Henri and agreed to start work the following Monday. I guess my parents didn't think it was all real until then. We argued for hours. I would've walked to Columbus if I had to, but mom and dad grudgingly drove me back. Dad payed the first month's rent for a tiny apartment, just one room and a bathroom, above an out-of-business furniture upholstery shop. Mom cried, and dad kissed me on my forehead before they drove away. I flopped on a futon and congratulated myself for masturbating my way into college.
----- ~ -----
Calder and Dr. Henri suggested I come to an introductory figure drawing course because it started in the evening, and I could get to it without taking time off from my job. For the first week, we drew little wooden mannequins in odd poses. After that, we drew our own hands. My pitiful efforts embarrassed me. Everything I tried looked like a child's stick figures.
Ms. Cleft, the instructor, stood behind me making me nervous. "Look for the lights and darks. Try drawing only the shadows," she repeated.
Some of the other students sniggered at me. It had been a few weeks, and I hadn't made any friends at college other than Calder - maybe because I lived alone away from campus. The food in the Atrium cost too much. I usually skipped lunch and ate something cheap at home later. I didn't hang around school very late or go back out at night because, even as naive as I was, I knew I lived in a terrible neighborhood.
One morning, I stepped out my apartment door at the top of squeaky rotten steps to find a filthy smelly man peeing against the wall below. I waited for the old guy to finish before I huffed down the steps and introduced myself. "I'm Andrea," I said and, after a moment's hesitation, offered my hand. He flinched away.
"George," he said, "Dragon Slayer," he mumbled.
I didn't skip a beat. I said, "That's interesting. I'm a witch." He gave me a squinty eyed once over and seemed more afraid of me than I was of him. "Walk with me?" I asked. "I'll be late for work if I don't keep moving, but I'd like to get to know you."
George followed a few feet behind making me wary, but I could tell he had a good heart. It might be part of my craft. I took a deep breath and offered, "I might know where a key for the shop is hidden."
"What shop? mumble mumble."
"The shop you peed on."
After a while, I added, "It's full of comfortable furniture, and it'll be warm in the winter."
"Where's the key?"
"I'll make you a deal. Don't ever pee or poop or make any other messes near my door or let anyone else. Promise me, and I'll meet you outside the shop tonight around 7:30. I'll show you where to find the key."
He only stopped shambling behind me when I turned the corner to the Art Academy block. I made a mental note to find some time during the day to cast a spell for finding the hidden key. I didn't know for sure a key even existed, but it would be a juicy coincidence if my claim to George turned out to be true. It felt like the kind of coincidence I could influence.
I spent all morning scheduling plumbers and locksmiths and carpet people to fix problems students found in their college owned lofts. I overheard an argument between a couple of girls. They went into the mediation room behind my desk, but their voices carried through the wall. Amanda was upset because Margaret had a man sleep over in the girls' shared loft. Margaret insisted she never promised to be exclusive. Amanda accused Margaret of a spiteful transparent ploy to make her jealous. My ears burned.
I grew up in a sheltered rural town full of unemployed miners and little else. I understood what a lesbian was from TV and loose talk at school, but as far as I knew, I hadn't ever met one. OK, I suppose technically Margaret was Bisexual. My boss acted as mediator and got Margaret and Amanda to agree neither would have overnight guests without getting the other's approval in advance. My heart swelled when the girls reconciled. I could tell they loved each other deep down.
I took my lunch break to get an overdue opportunity for spell casting. It's sometimes difficult to get in the mood for witchcraft in a public ladies room with people coming and going. I worried people would notice if I locked myself in the unisex bathroom for an hour, so I picked my lunch time for an hour when I knew Calder was teaching a class and wouldn't be in his studio. I relaxed knowing I'd have the room to myself and could take my time.
Calder's fertility totem served admirably as a magic wand. I judged the thing too big to put inside me, but the bumps along its shaft put me in a spell casting frame of mind. Once it warmed to my body temperature, it felt lovely. I played a game where I tried to count the bumps as they slid ever so slowly between my lips. Focusing on the sensations and planning my spell, I started to worry it wouldn't work. Spells for such specific things tend to fizzle or produce surprising results. When I couldn't take any more stimulation, I clamped my thighs around the big ebony penis and rode it like a thick broomstick. It felt so good between my legs. Once I recovered from the casting, I was more sure than ever I'd find a spare key.
Still panting, I walked toward the floor to ceiling window. I was nude, but I didn't think anyone passing on the street would look up. I thought of half a dozen desires I'd like fulfilled. I had time left to cast another spell. Of all the thoughts I could have had, it was a craving for companionship that washed over me. I suddenly felt alone and lonely watching the foot traffic below. Instead of brewing my next fantasy or even starting a slow simmer for later, I rated each person below for their cuddling potential.
The rest of the afternoon passed in a blur as I cross-checked student enrollment forms at my desk. I didn't feel like going to class, but Calder and Dr. Henri let me in as a favor. My parents raised me not to scorn a gift. The new lesson involved drawing my own reflection in a mirror. Everyone else was working away while I stared at a blank page and the blank face in the mirror. In desperation, I threw everything Ms. Cleft said to the wind and embraced Calder's scribble technique.
A tickle traveled down my arms to my fingertips until it was answered with a chill up my spine. I waved my arms and danced from foot to foot with charcoal in both hands. I decided to have fun. I was light as a feather. My eyes closed, and I remembered the excitement Calder had for my first drawing. I privately dedicated my self-portrait to Calder with Ms. Cleft's tiresome rules forgotten.
I opened my eyes to find half the class gathered behind me. Ms. Cleft stepped between me and the easel and lifted the drawing for close inspection. I hadn't properly seen it myself when the instructor held it up for the whole class. The sheet of paper showed something like me in a funhouse mirror. Well, at least it looked like a girl among the sloppy swirls and smudges.
Ms. Cleft's already grim expression hardened, and she said, "See me after class."
She sounded fearsome, and I worried she'd make me late to my meeting with George. On the other hand, George probably didn't have a watch, and he never actually agreed to meet. I sat on my hands for the rest of the class while everyone else worked. I daydreamed about possible places to find a key.
After class, Ms. Cleft said, "You're very talented."
I said, "Thank you," with one skeptical eyebrow raised.
"It's a good thing you aren't in this class for a grade. I'd still give you an F."
I looked bewildered.
"Your expressionist style is remarkable, but I'm trying to teach realism. You don't seem to understand light or form, and yet, your drawing mixes them. It's almost playful."
I didn't reply. I wasn't sure what she meant.
"Why did you close your eyes?"
I said, "I don't like seeing it half done. It looks silly until I'm done."
"Huh." Ms. Cleft shrugged and walked out of the room carrying my drawing.
I rushed home and arrived within a few minutes of the promised time. George startled me by walking out of a shadow.
"Hello George," I said with a forced smile. "Shall we find the key now?"
"He looked in the window," he grumbled. "What's wrong with the furniture?"
"The owner probably bought antiques and upholstered them. The ones in the shop were maybe half done when he shut down." I shrugged.
There was an uncomfortable silence.
Anxious for a coincidence, I glanced up and my eyes settled on a burned out security light over my apartment door. "George," I said, "You're taller than me. See if you can reach up to the light. I think the key is behind the glass in a spot were there's no mortar between the bricks."
We trudged up the stairs to my door and George tried, but he couldn't reach it, so I said, "Kneel down. I'll stand on your shoulders to get it."
George went down to his hands and knees. I took off my sandals and stepped up onto his back. With tiptoes and a stretch, I managed to feel the object I knew would be there. I pawed at it with my finger until it fell to the ground with a clunk.
"Let's check it out." I hopped off George and slipped my feet back into the sandals. He strained to get back up, and I imagined I heard his bones creak with the effort.
Of course the key fit. The shop smelled musty. Electricity didn't work, but there was a bathroom with a toilet and sink, and water still ran. I put my hand on George's shoulder. He flinched but didn't move away. "George," I said, "I've been a little worried living upstairs alone. I'll feel much safer knowing you're right downstairs."
He sat on a dusty chair to consider my words. I turned to leave, and he said, "I'll protect you, Andrea."
"Thank you, George."
----- ~ -----
I climbed the stairs back to my apartment and flopped onto my futon. I needed to eat something, but my mind spun so many questions about witchcraft. I needed to let the thoughts settle. A reasonable person might have said it was just coincidence that the key existed at all and was hidden in the first place I looked. A reasonable person might have said I overheard the landlord talking about the key and forgot, or my subconscious noticed light glinting off the key.
But what about my expressionist drawings? I supposed the talent might have been there all along, and it was coincidence I used it right after casting a spell for it. How did the drawing work? I had no idea how each drawing would look until I saw it complete. They felt wrong until I added the last line. How did I know when they were finished?
I thought of a test even though I knew better. I planned spells for two improbable events - one to be cast the usual way, and the other to be cast after I cooled off. If one thing happened and not the other, it might be a clue. If both or neither happened, I'd learn something, too. Maybe all the effort of masturbating wasn't really needed at all. Of course, that didn't mean I had to stop, I reassured myself.
I stirred macaroni and cheese on the stove while I stoked the beginnings of a lusty fantasy. When my stomach was full and my bladder empty, I stripped and ran a bath. As I soaked, I stroked. Soft caresses raised almost invisible hairs on my arms. I splashed water on my breasts and enjoyed the warm and then cold sensation of it trickling down to my belly. I brushed my nipples with the palms of my hands. Tension built with each motion. I spread myself open under water and dragged the length of my middle finger over my erect clitoris - slowly. I felt even the ridges of my fingerprints. Then, the tiniest tug was explosive.
My spell was for the ability to draw in the realist style. My talented finger moved in a blur jacking up the intensity to almost the point of pain, and I shook so much when the wave of pleasure wained that I splashed water out of the tub.
I caught my breath and waited. My breathing eventually slowed. Only then, I tried to cast a spell for Ms. Cleft to decide she liked my "expressionist" style and didn't need me to be a "realist". I stayed in the bathtub until the water drained and my skin dried. My legs fell asleep, and my mind hardly worked. I considered sleeping where I was, but I mustered enough energy to flop naked on the futon before I closed my eyes.
I dreamt of a handsome blonde lover who lapped at the hood over my clitoris. I had obviously never given or received oral sex. My imagination was hazy and comprised of tidbits of descriptions from the novels I read. The dreamboat sucked and teased with powerful manic driving force that scared me. It excited me. In the dream, I rubbed the source of my power and tried to cast a spell, but the orgasm wouldn't come. My lover whimpered. His muscles rippled with strain. He pressed against me with ever more lust. Somehow, I knew, if I couldn't complete the spell, something bad would happen. The more frightened I got, the further my orgasm retreated.
I awoke crying with frustration. I only had ten minutes to get to work, I was naked, and I was sobbing with red eyes. The walk always took at least eight minutes. I threw on a wrinkled cotton dress, slipped on my sandals, and flew out my door. My inner thighs felt chafed, and I must have waddled more than walked. It took forever, but I arrived just as my boss unlocked the office door.
Fidgeting in my office chair did nothing to relieve frustration. My body ached to finish what it started. I grit my teeth and tried to distract myself with paperwork until lunch. I waited in the hallway restlessly squeezing my thighs until Calder walked out of his studio for class. The moment he entered the stairwell out of sight, I sprinted to his door counting my self lucky he never locked it.
I wondered what spell to cast and decided to make my orgasm a freebie gift to the universe. Not every one had to be a spell, right? Maybe that's what the dream meant? I should lay off the spells for a while? It was a bright day outside, but Calder's north facing window left the room shaded in comparison. The clarity outside brought clarity and some honesty to my thoughts. Casting spells was a lot more like asking for a favor than making a demand. Testing witchcraft was looking a gift horse in the mouth. I should be grateful spells worked at all.
Still standing, I spread my legs, bent slightly at the waist, and leaned forward against the glass of the window. The posture pressed my breasts hard enough to squish them. I bunched up the hem of my dress and absentmindedly stroked. I wanted to do something for someone, anyone, to show the universe my gratitude.
I imagined strangers could glance up and maybe see me, maybe not. Did someone do a double take? So far, nobody had stopped for a better look. I think they only noticed my face and breasts, and my dress still covered all but a hint of cleavage. I thought, "if only they knew what I'm doing. Would that man over there like to see? Or, am I being vain?"
I shoved both hands together between my thighs and rocked my pelvis to press hard against my hands. My first spells ever were cast by rocking against things. I didn't develop more subtle technique until much later. Still leaning against the glass, I returned to the origins of my craft. I forced distractions from my thoughts and concentrated on one thing: "I want this one to be for them." I offered myself - no spell, no desire, just my good will to busy oblivious people passing below the window.
The eventual climax disappointed me. At best, it scratched the frustrating itch I'd had since waking. My inner thighs were a damp mess, again. I wanted to shower, but that wasn't in the cards. I spent the rest of my lunch patting myself dry with scratchy paper towels in Calder's studio. I felt low. I felt ashamed of my behavior - like it was self indulgent and still ungrateful. Who was I kidding? Even my good will was really self serving penance, and my tame exhibition didn't make one person's day brighter.
----- ~ -----
In class, Ms. Cleft directed us to draw a statue posed in the center of the room. I recognized it as naked Venus standing with little Cupid clutching her leg like a toddler wanting to be lifted. I cringed because the instructor held Calder's fertility totem with two fingers at its tip as if it would burn her. She carried it for a while as she critiqued work until she finally set it down on a table. Why did she have it? I strained to remember if I cleaned the thing after using it the day before. I felt dirty, and not in a good way.
Would I be able to draw with realism? The answer, sadly, was no. Not every spell works, and spells that work can surprise me with unintended consequences. I told myself I was no worse off than before my experiment. I hoped I was no worse off. As I tried to draw only the shadows, a possibility occurred to me. I wondered if I could cast spells while having sex with another person? Would the spells be more or less powerful? I could give a partner pleasure. I would be grateful. Why hadn't I thought of that aspect before? An urge to experiment gripped me. "Don't tempt fate", I told myself, but I knew deep down there would be at least one more experiment.
----- ~ -----
The next day at work, I used the Academy's Internet to read about modern witches. Everything I found described witches working naked in groups. Maybe they did it for companionship. An article explained how a coven of witches worked "skyclad", meaning they danced naked. They shed their clothes to get connected with the Earth. Some covens hosted warlocks for special rituals. It all made sense to me. I felt ready to try cooperative sex magic.
I decided I needed a coven. I needed confidants, and dancing naked in the moonlight sounded fun. Casting spells with my coven would be awkward, but I didn't have to rush things. I could wait to see how comfortable I was when the time came. I could start with just one partner.
I supposed a lot of girls my age developed an interest in partner sex. The allure became obvious even though I hardly considered it before. Of course, my realization presented new problems. How do young women select partners? What mating rituals lead to the kind of sex I deemed appropriate for spell casting? I considered myself an ethical witch, so I had long ago forsworn using witchcraft to snare partners. I pondered my options and had an epiphany. It would be wrong to compel a man, but if he pursued me into my bed, it was his choice. I planned to rely on the special magic granted by nature to all young ladies. I felt sure I could entice a man without using my special talent. The only stumbling blocks were my ignorance and complete lack of feminine wiles.
Ms. Cleft played with the fertility totem during class again. She held its base in one hand and pet the shaft like she might pet a cat with her other hand. The motions were lewd enough to make me blush and squirm. Other students showed surprise, discomfort, or amusement. Ms. Cleft either didn't realize how her actions looked, or she didn't care.
We drew a chipped plaster replica of Michelangelo's David. The gouges and divots made it more interesting to me. My struggle with the realist style eased because I was drawing a subject that didn't look real. The broken stump of the statue's penis drew my eye. "What a coincidence," I thought. "On the day I develop an interest in sex with men, the first cock I see up close is broken."
My semi-realistic depiction of David became my favorite piece. The "expressionist" aspects were muted but not completely missing. I had closed my eyes a few times while drawing. All the muscles and body language jumped off the page to me.
Ms. Cleft's fingers slid over the wooden bumps that gave me so much pleasure. It aroused me in an indirect way. Recent memories of riding the totem produced a shadow of yummy sensations between my legs, but there was something else. I experienced a premonition of Ms. Cleft fucking the toy. It pleased me to imagine MY magic wand bringing her pleasure. I could almost feel a ghost cock plunging into her.
By the time class dismissed, I got so worked up that I couldn't delay long enough to walk home. I felt an urgent need to cast a spell. Students lingered in the classroom and the hallways. I considered the ladies' room down the hall, but I picked the supply closet in Ms. Cleft's classroom. Its door offered privacy. All I needed to do was slip inside without being noticed.
I knew my actions were impulsive. I should have been able to wait or at least think more clearly about the location. Spells were usually a deliberate action, but rare ones seemed eager to cast themselves. My pussy throbbed with a spell demanding attention. I wished to start my quest for coven members right away, and coincidentally, my wish was about to be granted.
I tore at my clothes until nothing shielded my moist crevasse from my fingers. As I sat on the cold dusty floor in the supply closet, the vision of Ms. Cleft fucking the totem returned. Somehow, I knew she lay on the floor of her studio right above the supply closet. She dragged the tip of the polished wooden penis over her breasts. Her legs parted.
A spectral shadow sagged heavy between my legs pulling my labia and clitoris with gravity. Ms. Cleft's hand wrapped around the shaft and squeezed my ghost cock. My eyes rolled back in my head. She thrust the cock into her pussy, and my hips bucked with matching rhythm. I savored the unanticipated sensation of pushing myself into a lover who accepted my invasion with enthusiasm. I felt my orgasm building as a kind of pressure needing release. My body vibrated with bizarre sensations of impending ghostly ejaculation.
I was not fond of Ms. Cleft, but the intimacy we shared created a bond between us. The spell I cast at the moment of our climax joined the two of us. I had just discovered the ritual for forming my coven, and I had my first coven mate. Witchcraft seared me with pleasure. I panted and giggled at the absurdity of the way I lost my spiritual virginity.
My body collapsed in a heap on the floor. My head thunked against the leg of a folding table, but I hardly cared. The weight between my legs dissipated at the same time I heard the totem clatter on the floor above my head. My arms flopped to my sides mirroring Ms. Cleft's contented abandon. My thoughts reeled at frightening speed. I became certain of two things: Shared pleasure enhanced my craft, and I would enjoy finding more coven mates.
----- ~ -----
I found Ms. Cleft in her studio on Saturday morning. I barged right in and shut the door behind me. I wasn't sure how she perceived our spectral intercourse. It felt real to me, but what did she sense?
"This is awkward," I said.
The instructor tilted her head and squinted her eyes. "There's definitely something about you, Andrea."
"Did you feel that 'something' while you were laying on the floor after class yesterday?" I kept my tone light, but sarcasm slipped out when I used air quotes around "something". That something was an invisible cock swinging between my legs.
"What do you know about that?"
"I was in the supply closet right below you doing the same thing. You used the Fertility Totem."
"How dare you invade my privacy." Ms. Cleft sounded angry, but I suspected she knew the injustice of her accusation.
I said, "That cock and I have a special relationship. I felt what it felt."
Ms. Cleft stared at me speechless. I didn't expect her to believe me and waited for her to challenge my claim.
To provoke a response, I added, "In some ways, you took my virginity yesterday. I can never get that back."
I watched a cascade of emotions cross Ms. Cleft's face. I detected a hint of fear. "I don't believe it," she snapped. "It's ridiculous. You spied on me and invaded my privacy. I'll have you fired for it."
"You won't," I said with as much calm as I could muster. "What would you say? I spied on you masturbating at work?"
"Studios are private spaces like apartments. I can do what I like in mine."
"I'm sure you're right." I tried to be small and unthreatening. "I didn't spy on you. You know it, and you know something else, too."
"What's that?"
"I used our union to cast a spell. I'm not sure how it works yet, but you felt me inside you, and you felt my spell." I didn't know if my claims were true, and even if they were, I assumed Ms. Cleft would deny them. I said it because I was weary of dancing around the facts as I knew them. If Ms. Cleft was going to be difficult anyway, I had nothing to lose.
Her reply surprised me. She asked, "How did you do it?"
"It's a little involved," I said. "I use witchcraft, and I usually get what I want even if I don't know what I want at the time."
"Show me."
I sighed. "It doesn't work that way. It doesn't like to be tested."
"Isn't that convenient?"
"Not especially," I replied. "I have to compose each spell in a way that it can work through coincidence. I cast a spell to get into college even though I didn't really know what a college was, and here I am. I cast a spell and started drawing in a style I had never seen before. It could all be coincidence."
"Give me another example."
"I cast a spell for a way to see a real college. The next day, a girl backed out of a bus trip, and I got her ticket. See how it works?"
"You call random chance witchcraft?"
"I do. My spells work. I can't explain it any other way."
Ms. Cleft squinted. "My neighbor's cat was hit by a car yesterday. The vet said there was a one in a hundred chance the cat will make it through the day. Make the cat get better."
"I don't have to prove anything to you."
"Listen," Ms. Cleft said, and her tone softened. "Call me Mary."
I smirked for half a second. "There's a bond between us. You can feel it." I stood stiff.
"Maybe," Mary said. "You can't expect me to believe you have magic powers when there's a much simpler explanation. You don't have to prove anything, but I don't have to put up with you."
"You know I'm telling the truth. You felt me inside you."
"Stop telling me what I felt. Do it for the cat. Make me believe."
"It doesn't like to be tested," I repeated, "but, I'll give it a try."
"Show me," Mary said.
"I'll do it later. It's kind of embarrassing."
"The cat might not have a later." Mary acted like the hard ass I knew from class.
"At least give me some privacy. Let me use your studio for a couple of hours."
"Why? What are you going to do?"
I blushed. "I have to have an orgasm to cast a spell."
Mary looked around the room. "Is this a joke? Did Susan put you up to this?"
"I don't know Susan. Do you want me to save the cat or not?"
"I'm going to watch." Mary smiled with an expression that wasn't happiness.
"I don't think so." I blushed again. "I have to have an orgasm."
"Right," Mary said. "You just accused me of taking your virginity. I think we're past modesty. You saw my orgasm last night. It's my turn."
"I've never done it in front of anybody." Nobody had ever been sure they caught me as far as I knew.
"Lay on the rug, and I'll sketch you while you do it. Every artist imagines the model puting on a show. We can't study a nude long enough to draw and not wonder what the model looks like when he or she cums."
I thought Mary was testing my commitment. She thought I'd back out, but I steadied my nerve and decided to do it. A premonition flittered across my consciousness showing me dancing skyclad with my coven.
I kept my clothes on, but hiked up my skirt. My panties had broad pink and black horizontal stripes. They looked pretty and highlighted the rise of my pleasure zone. Mary watched me test my sensitivity while stroking the outside of my panties.
"Don't stop now," my coven mate said. "Don't be so uptight. We have nude figure models every semester. When we can't hire enough, I make the students model for each other."
My nipples stiffened under my t-shirt and camisole. A moment passed while I hesitated. Mary cocked her head again in a gesture of skepticism. I swallowed and slipped my hand under my panties from the top. I thought about other students posing naked in front of the instructor and the class. I thought about posing myself.
I lay on my stomach with my arm under my belly and hand between my legs. I hoped for a bit of modesty, but Mary dragged her chair across the room to give herself an excellent view of my buttocks and parted thighs. I remembered the intimacy of thrusting into her twelve hours earlier. I told myself I didn't care if she watched my hand move inside my panties.
I did care. Knowing Mary watched added an unexpected thrill. When I started, half my mind objected saying I wouldn't be able to get aroused. That turned out not to be a problem. A finger dipped easily into me. I couldn't see Mary without turning my head to an uncomfortable angle, so I closed my eyes. I contemplated the experience of penetrating Mary in the role of a man.
I supposed every woman wondered what it would be like to be a man with a swagger and a hefty swinging cock. I knew how it felt. I might have been the only woman in the world to know. I replayed the sensations of warm envelopment. I recalled the urgency I felt to cum. My clitoris gave me more intense pleasure than the spectral penis, but I had still enjoyed the sensation of pleasure extending into a shaft beyond my body.
Slow circles with varying pressure turned my breath into shallow gasps. The practiced motions of my finger worked their magic. I opened and closed my legs like scissors while I rocked my pelvis against my palm. As the crescendo approached, I clamped my thighs together and tilted my hips to lift my pussy away from the floor. My hand rubbed with urgency in the gap my posture created.
I almost forgot to cast the spell. I could tell the building orgasm would be a big one. I told myself, "She's watching you. You're masturbating. You're showing her your deepest secrets." The chill of taboo exhibitionism traveled up my spine. I begged Fate to ride my imminent bucking orgasm with me. The casting seemed dangerously specific, but as my body shuddered, I hoped some coincidence would let the cat recover.
My sweaty body collapsed and trapped my hand. I lay still except for the movements of my chest filling with air. A strange impulse made me part my legs again. The orgasm was a dud. I was physically spent but erotically unfulfilled. It felt like I cast a spell into a void, and the chill of the void sapped energy from my body.
"That was very nice. Now get out of here."
"What?" I asked.
"There is no cat. I made it up."
"You're lying. We're connected. You're part of my coven now." I insisted.
"Stop wasting my time. I didn't come in on Saturday to spend the whole day getting cheap thrills. I have a lot of grading to do."
She was determined to be a bitch, but something she said caught my attention. She said I gave her "cheap thrills", but thrills are thrills. My body had already fallen half way down the slope from orgasm, but I had a plan.
I rubbed the hood over my clitoris even though the sensation bordered on pain. My body was well trained, and I reminded myself that I was thrilling Mary.
"That's enough already," Mary said.
I moaned. I moved faster and harder and worked my magic for Mary to share my pleasure. My spell hardly needed coincidence to make Mary feel every shock of delight originating between my legs. I knew or at least suspected her confession of cheap thrills barely scratched the surface. She tried to evict me so she could do something like what I just did but with privacy.
"Stop it," Mary whispered, and her tone betrayed her lack of conviction.
I grinned like a fool drunk with power and knowledge. Mary could feel the intensity of my climb toward orgasm. I pinched my hood hard enough to make me wince, and Mary squeaked. I slipped a finger into myself with a grunt that Mary matched. Our noises formed harmonies.
As the last of my rational mind faded, I considered compelling Mary to be my friend, but instead my spell was only for her to acknowledge the truth of our relationship. That would be enough. And the resulting orgasm made my body become rigid and my ears ring.
I rolled onto my side to see Mary sitting on the floor beside her chair. She opened her legs, and a growing wet patch discolored her tan shorts. She panted as hard as me. Her flush grew even deeper than mine.
I might have slept a minute or two because I don't remember details about Mary's journey to my side. She massaged my shoulders and neck with a deep muscle moving grip. I smiled with contentment and enjoyed the kind of affection in silence.
When I struggled to my feet a half hour or more later, I said, "Come to my apartment when you're ready to talk - no more lying - no more fear - no more resistance."
I opened the door and left. The power I felt made my head float above my shoulders, but I reminded myself about the potential for witchcraft to bring sorrow. I congratulated myself for not compelling Mary's friendship. I had been close to breaking my vow. I made the vow imagining a male lover, but witchcraft always finds a way to surprise me. The spirit of my commitment included Mary.
----- ~ -----
I was half way through my weekly grocery shopping when Mary grasped the Fertility Totem. I felt her hand encircle the shaft, and I started to walk bow legged. My invisible erection bumped into my hand basket with a painful jar. I looked down expecting to see the large wooden cock, but the front of my skirt lay flat as usual.
Mary put something warm and wet on my wand. She smeared it around with her hand in a way that put a goose in my step. I struggled to remain quiet in the checkout line as Mary banged the toy like a drumstick against a hard surface. The pleasant arousal I felt from her hand turned into wincing aggravation.
Either Mary still didn't believe I felt her use the totem, or she intended to hurt me. Both possibilities spurred my anger, and I have never been easy to anger. Self pity was my vice - not anger. I worried she would do something worse to cause pain or shatter the thing.
My apartment was blocks away, so I discarded my grocery bag at the entrance to a narrow alley where I tried to hide from anyone passing on the sidewalk. I tried to masturbate, but the spectral cock between my legs proved too distracting.
I gave up the alley and fought to suppress the irritation and pain. My staggering half run back to the college must have been quite a sight. I winced with every step as the battered and bruised cock swung heavily from my groin.
I banged and kicked Mary's locked door until a few people poked their heads out of other studios to see the spectacle. I didn't know what I would do if Mary wasn't there. She eventually opened the door.
"You have a lot of nerve," she said.
"Give it to me," I demanded.
I pushed past the larger woman with every ounce of strength in my body and snatched my cock off the chair where it lay. I somehow knew Mary had been banging it randomly against the chair leg while she worked. "You have no idea how much that hurt." I mimed hitting the cock. My wand felt warm in my hands and smelled of lilac soap.
"Thanks for washing it," I said through gritted teeth. "You're lucky it hurt too much for me to concentrate. I fully intended a happy coincidence involving you with two broken arms or worse. I'm taking this, and you better hope I'm not still this mad when I get home."
I shoved my coven mate out of my way again using strength I didn't know I had. After a brisk stiff legged gate to the stairs. I stopped as soon as I turned a corner. The pain in my ghost cock faded to be replaced with something else. I felt my own hand encircling the sizable girth of the totem. I rubbed the tip gently against my hip. The sensation sent a shiver up my spine and heat to my loins.
My first thought involved masturbating the fertility totem to experience that intrinsic aspect of masculinity. My second thought was to fuck myself with the totem. Imagine feeling both sides of the same act. If the thing hadn't been so scary big, I might have done it.
I couldn't wait to get home and try a few of the sexually deviant ideas cascading through my imagination. On the way, I found my groceries in the alley where I left them. The lunch meat and cottage cheese had withered in the heat too long, so I tossed them in somebody's trash bin. I set the fertility totem in the bag with almost as much reverence as I imagine a boy has for his own penis. In a real enough sense, the totem had become my penis.
I didn't get the chance to play with my new toy for quite a while though. In fact, a day that started badly was destined to get much worse. I didn't realize how much danger I was in.
The college and my apartment were both located in a sketchy neighborhood just north of down town. People talked as if it was some kind of ghetto, but the buildings looked like palaces to me. Many made my home town look like the poor hick backwater it certainly was. At home, everybody knew who I was. As a kid, I skinned my knee outside the barber shop, and a man I didn't recall ever meeting before that moment called my mom without asking for the number. At some level, I understood I was a stranger in my new neighborhood. I felt a general concern for my safety, but I hadn't developed the eyes to see actual threats.
Two boys who probably should have been in school stepped in front of me blocking my path along the sidewalk. I said, "Hello," in a wary voice.
"What you got there?" one of them asked while looking into my bag. He loomed tall enough to see inside without craning his neck.
"Just food," I replied and pushed between them.
They let me pass, but they followed close behind taunting me. "Where is the pretty little girl go'in?"
Brisk walking failed to open any lead on my pursuers, but I resisted outright running.
"Don't cha' go so fast. Talk with us a while."
I stopped and turned to face them. I said, "OK. What do you want to talk about? It's a hot day. Do you think we'll see any rain?"
The boys laughed, and some of the tension faded. "I like this one," the shorter guy said.
"I'm Andrea." I extended a hand as far as possible without dropping my bag. Nobody shook my hand. That worried me more than being followed.
"Let me have the bag," the taller one said.
If it had contained only groceries, I would have handed it over. Maybe they were hungrier than me. It might have been the right thing to do, but I had no intention of handing over my shiny new cock.
"Guys," I said, "I need to get home before my food spoils. Why don't we talk another time."
"Where do you live?"
I dreaded the idea of telling them or leading them to my apartment. I concocted several lies I could use. The one that seemed most promising was, "With my dad, the police detective, a block from here." I wish I had said that. Instead, I foolishly refused to lie. I was mute.
The taller one grabbed both my arms and made me drop the bag on the sidewalk. Irritation more than anger surged through me. I still didn't realize the darker dangers of the situation. As the tall guy manhandled me, the other one dug through the bag. He skipped over the big wooden cock several times. He probably really was hungry.
"Nothin good," the shorter one said, but then he added, "This one a freak. She likes em big!"
"Hold her for meeeee then," the other said stretching the word, "me," in a sinister tone.
I decided to run for it without my cock if I saw a chance. My mind lurched with fear I never imagined possible. It made me feel like vomiting. I think I wet my panties a little. I struggled against the tall guy's grip on my arms.
I thought maybe I should have cast a spell for some Kung Fu skills during one of my many masturbation sessions. I thought maybe I should have used my power to look dangerous or unapproachable. As my thoughts turned darker, I imagined cursing them with impotence, blindness, or worse. I couldn't exactly cast a spell right then, but I told myself that if one of them raped me I'd make sure they'd never be the same after.
I know those thoughts made no practical sense. Fear addled my brain. Fortunately, the boys didn't seem eager to escalate their violence. Occasional cars passing on the street slowed to observe my struggles against the boys. I hoped at least one called the police even if the person wasn't willing to help me directly.
We were in the middle of a block, and there were no obvious places for them to drag me that would get them out of sight. I told myself they wouldn't rape or kill me right on the sidewalk in the middle of the day.
The tall one released one of my arms and used his free arm to wrap around my breasts. I don't think groping me was his primary intention. He adjusted his hold to keep me captive while freeing one of his hands. The shorter guy put his large palm on my cheek and said, "pretty little freak."
I screamed. I should have screamed sooner. I don't know why I didn't. I screamed, "Help." I screamed "Rape."
The boys let go just long enough for me to bolt past the shorter guy. I ran until my sides hurt and then tried to duck into a payday loan shop. I never got in. I bounced off George on his way out. I caught my breath as I peered back at my pursuers.
"Thank you George," I gasped. "Those boys running this way have something I NEED in that bag. They tried to hurt me and took it." My eyes bore into the miscreants.
George was old, but he was big. He launched himself at those boys as if they were the dragon's he claimed to slay. The bigger one put George in a head lock that looked like it might break George's neck, but George ignored it. He snatched back my bag.
At about the moment when George was going to drop the bag again from lack of oxygen to his brain, he was suddenly released. I had kicked as hard as I could from behind up between the bad guy's legs. The brutal contact was simultaneously satisfying to me and horrifying now that I had a little sense of what it might feel like.
With one guy in a fetal position on the sidewalk, George charged the littler one. The coward bolted rather than be tackled by George.
With adrenaline powered stamina, I brought myself and George back to our sad little shop/home. George leaned on my shoulder the whole way. He seemed to have pulled something in his back. I helped him wash up a little in his sink and then I went up the stairs to my place clutching my precious cock to my breasts. I would NEVER let it out of my control again.
I washed the fertility symbol in warm soapy water. I must say, it produce very strange and not unpleasant sensations in my loins. After a few hours to collect myself and achieve a degree of calm, I started a long process to work me up to spell casting. I recalled the sensation of fucking Ms. Cleft, Mary. I haven't like the name, Mary, ever since then. I blocked out "who" I fucked and just recalled what I felt. I concocted an elaborate fantasy of laying naked in a circle of women who took turns fucking themselves with MY cock.
I undertook a very novel masturbation method - novel to me at least. I stroked my big wooden cock like I imagined a man would do. It produced a strange weak sort of orgasm entirely felt in the empty space above my crotch. It was still satisfying, and I used the first spell to cajole Fate into making George's life easier and happier for him. I was so excited to try multiple ways of stimulating myself - my heavy stiff penis. It felt weird and thrilling the think about MY penis. I said aloud, "I'm going to LOVE my penis!"
I stayed at it all night. I was like a 20 year old discovering masturbation for the first time. I planned to wear myself out finding ways and routes to pleasure. I cast spells so that anyone meaning me harm might coincidentally not see where I am. Anyone meaning me harm might coincidentally fall down the steps up to my door. Anyone who frightens me might coincidentally have a debilitating headache. Anyone who witnesses someone harming me might coincidentally come to my aid.
The sad thing was that after all that witchcraft, I still didn't feel safe. Even with George downstairs, I didn't feel safe.
----- ~ -----
In the middle of the next week at work toward the end of the day, Calder and the President asked me to come up to the President's studio. They didn't waste time. The President asked, "Do you have Calder's fertility totem?"
I played dumb. I looked at them like I didn't know what they meant.
Calder described the thing. "It's about this tall." He held his hands apart. "It's carved from ebony. It's a phallic symbol."
"I saw it in Calder's studio, and I saw in in Ms. Cleft's class. She played with it during a couple of classes. All the students saw." I didn't lie.
"Ms. Cleft says you took it from her."
"Ms. Cleft is trying to get me in trouble. She doesn't like me, or I scare her." I still didn't lie.
"If you have it, return it immediately to Calder," the President demanded.
"I can't." I told the truth. I would NEVER part with it.
"We can't have this sort of thing here. We are a community of artists. This is a sacred creative space. This won't do." The President's neck turned a darker brown headed toward red.
"I suggest you talk to Ms. Cleft." I turned, and I left. I no longer felt welcome at the college. I had begun mulling my feelings about the way Ms. Cleft used the totem. I mean, I didn't consent, but she couldn't have know what would happen. I was upset with her regardless.
Things just got worse. I walked home to find an Ambulance and police cars at the end of my block. Someone had beat George, and he looked a mess. They cut his scalp somehow - maybe a broken bottle. His hair was matted with blood and it ran all down his face. The EMTs were just loading him up when I arrived. I said I was his friend and asked where they were taking him.
I don't even remember the walk up my stairs. I spent a long time in a hot bath despairing that witchcraft had failed me. I decided to just run away on Sunday. I knew there was a bus on Sunday afternoons because I rode it home after my first visit to Columbus. Plus, I wouldn't get my pay check until Friday afternoon. The college always paid a week behind. I decided to suck it up and forfeit pay for the week I just completed. I really wanted my $600 for the two weeks before that though.
On Thursday, I showed up at Calder's studio for my "lunch break" right before he left for class. "Can I have some of your art supplies?" I asked.
"Sure. Take whatever you need. The college will provide more to me."
While he was gone, I collected two large sketch pads, chalks, and pastels and stacked the small pile on Calder's desk. At that moment, his laptop's screen saver switched on. It was a photo of me laying on his floor with my back against his window and my legs slightly spread. My eyes were closed. Back light from the window produced a silhouette of my torso. My translucent camisole left little to imagination, and my nipples stood out as visible bumps. I thought about his laptop coincidentally becoming broken beyond repair, but the fact that he used me for is screen saver was flattering. I imagined he masturbated to that image. I decided to let him keep it.
Calder wouldn't be back for another hour. I set out to give my craft another try. I took off all my clothes and leaned back standing against Calder's massive window. My butt pressed flat on the glass for anyone who looked up to see. I used the slow burn masturbation style that starts as very gentle teasing around my vulva. Right before I came, I bent at the waist with my fingers holding my labia apart in a very lewd version of mooning the pedestrians. The extra thrill that someone might be looking kicked off a cascade of energy and a spell.
My spell encouraged the universe to distract Dr. Henri, Ms. Cleft, and anyone else who might think of pursuing me. Then, I dressed in a languid stupor. Right before I left, I took my first drawings, the one of the street, and the one of Dr. Henri. Then I went down to Ms. Clefts empty classroom and took my expressionist rendering of "David With Broken Penis". I couldn't find my self-portrait. I signed, titled, and dated the drawings I had. I used Ms. Cleft's prized fountain pen off her desk. I left the "realistic" drawings behind.
That evening, I took all of my loot home. Then I walked 20 blocks carrying my David drawing to the Ohio State Medical Center to visit George. The problem was, I didn't know his last name or whatever name he gave them. I stood in the entry foyer of the hospital with a blank look and a blank mind. Dragging my feet around mostly empty corridors, I popped into a ladies room.
I may not have mentioned it before, but I came to the conclusion that even though the phallic totem provided a novel masturbation sensation, I prefer my lady parts. Maybe I just know them better. I wondered if lady parts feel better than man parts, and I should pity men for their diminished sensuality. I also wondered if maybe spells cast using the wooden dick don't work.
Without much enthusiasm, I rubbed out a quickie. It took ridiculously long for a "quickie" - like maybe an hour. I had to reach way back into my library of fantasies. I used the one where I dance in front of a crowd while someone slowly strips me. I pretend I'm oblivious as long as possible. Then I act embarrassed. Then I embrace the energy of hundreds of people horny for my sex. I masturbate like a wanton witch for the crowd. (I know I'm a bit kinky and weird.)
There wasn't much power behind the spell, but it was enough for me to coincidentally try the fifth floor and then spot his room at the end of the corridor. He looked better, I suppose. His head was shaved, and he had about a hundred stitches in his scalp that I could see.
"You look better." I smiled to him.
"You sure are nice to see." He smiled back.
"We chatted about what happened." He didn't recognize his attackers.
"Are you sure it wasn't the same two boys you rescued me from?"
He just didn't know. After telling how much I missed having him right below me, I gave him my signed David. I kissed a relatively unbruised part of his cheek, and wished him well. Then I left his room with a tear in my eye.
I collected my pay check on Friday. Then I left before the end of my shift without telling anybody. I bounced around my little apartment with nervous energy. Then I slept for 14 hours straight. I washed the totem again even though it didn't need it. It just feels so peculiar in my loins when I do that. I mean, it wouldn't get me to orgasm, but it made great foreplay.
I wondered again how the magic with the totem might work. Maybe my subconscious cast a spell while I rode it. If so, that wouldn't be like any other spell I cast. I mean, my spells have to produce explainable results. I couldn't think of any explanation for what I felt with my ghost penis. Maybe a spell made me as delusional as people likely think when they read this story. I concluded that the totem must have some magic of its own somehow.
I rode to my home town on the bus with almost all my worldly possessions in the luggage compartment. My penis made the journey clutched to my breasts under a sweatshirt in a protective embrace.
----- ~ -----
I surprised my parents while they were eating a late dinner. Mom was concerned that I was home after only 6 weeks. "Did you really give it a try?" she asked critically. Dad was just happy to see me.
I invested part of my last pay check in black die. I transformed every article of clothing I owned into the cheeriest shade of deathly night. Actually, it wasn't my last pay check after all. One for my last week of work showed up in the mail a couple of weeks later. It was a pleasant surprise.
I invested the next eight months building a portfolio including some videos of me drawing. I used the library's equipment to edit the video. I researched online and in library books to find the right college for me. My most important criteria were that the campus had to be pretty, and pictures of campus life needed to show weirdos like me. Ok, nobody is like me. I looked for people who looked fun and completely alien to the people in my home town. I also didn't want it to be too far from home.
I narrowed my choices down to two, Oberlin College and Ohio University in Athens Ohio. Oberlin was smaller and freakier as far as I could tell, but it was also 120 miles further away. Ohio University was huge but was in a small town that looked a lot like my home town would look if people had any money to shop.
When I investigated OU more closely, I found out they didn't require a portfolio. I almost pulled my hair out.
----- ~ -----
Epilogue:
My parents helped me move into a dorm room in the Fall. Coincidentally, I bumped into another girl named Andrea who was in Ms. Calder's class with me. She transferred to OU the same time I arrived. She told me about the events I missed in Columbus. "The place is completely different now," she insisted.
Ms. Calder was arrested for outstanding warrants. It was something about domestic abuse and assaulting a police officer. Then the Trusties found out that Dr. Henri had forged his credentials from L'cole des Arts Joailliers. I had no idea what that even was. Henri disappeared in a cloud of scandal and gossip.
A couple of years later, entirely by coincidence, I stumbled upon George's obituary online. It said he was 77 and survived by a son. I sent a condolence letter to the son and explained how George protected me and made me feel safe in an alien city. The son wrote me back. We ended up having a long phone conversation.
George was a disabled veteran. He had suffered a traumatic brain injury in some war before I was born. His trip to the hospital got him reconnected with the Veterans Administration. He had a decade or more of disability benefits backlogged because the government couldn't find him. The son told me George bought the closed upholstery shop and lived there until the end.
Get this! I don't know what George paid for the shop, but he evidently got it including its contents. After he died, the son went through the place. There were $800K worth of Persian Rugs in there. One of the lamps was a Tiffany worth another couple grand. I smiled through the phone and said how glad I was. By then, I knew what Persian Rugs and Tiffany Lamps were from my Art education.
The son offered to return my drawing of "David with Broken Penis". I asked if he wanted to keep it, and he did. He said it was on the wall over his dining table. It was a great conversation starter when people visited. His wife loved it too. I figured the drawing went to a good home.
I didn't get my coven together until several years later. Mary was welcomed back into the fold, but I wasn't above giving her a few tastes of the pain that comes from banging your dick into things. By then, I was regularly using a special man's wand that fit me much better than the totem. I still let my coven mates use the totem though. They'ed surprise me by fucking it while I was at dinner or otherwise indisposed for orgasms. I LOVED it.
I mostly reserved my man's flesh wand as a private pleasure between me and him. I formed a relationship with his wand similar to my relationship to the totem. I have to say, he was almost as fond of masturbating as me. He even achieved a faint reciprocal connection to my clitoris. I cast some epic spells while he used his wand and I played accompaniment. A clitoris and a prick stimulated at the same time are magical. Sometimes, a witch just needs to use the right tools for the job.