Hello there, I'm Rahul (22) (name changed). This is the story of me and my girlfriend, Tanisha. Please note that if you're looking for only a hardcore sex story, this is not for you, as it'll have a slow start.
So after graduating, I recently moved to Bangalore to work at a start-up as a software engineer. After a month, I met Tanisha (22) on Bumble. After 2-3 months of dating, we decided to be in a relationship as things were going well. She started staying in Bangalore for college, and now she's working for a corporation. She's a typical South Indian girl, but her eyes are deeper than the ocean, and her hair ripples like the ocean currents. She has pimples on her face; she's shy like a blossom; and she's strong like a worrier. She's just imperfectly perfect. While spending time with her, I feel like I'm being teleported to a lonely beach at night. There is no one else here except us. Her sweet voice, mixed with the sound of the ocean currents, is sounding like an opera; it's mesmerizing. Enough! Let's not get carried away and get started with the story.
Well, you might think she's very innocent and naive, which is right, but when she's with me, she becomes a different person altogether. She wants love all the time. She's very kinky and adventurous.
So there was a party going on in our office, and we're allowed to bring our partners if we want to. So I brought Tanisha. She was wearing a crimson-red top and a black skirt. She was looking really gorgeous.
From now on, I'll write the story from the third-person POV.
Rahul and Tanisha entered the party. Rahul told Tanisha to wait for a while and he'd be back meeting some friends. Rahul hasn't returned after 30 minutes. Tanisha is standing quietly; she is very angry. People are dancing, and a song is playing.
- "When marimba rhythms starts to play, Dance with me, Make me sway, Like a lazy ocean hugs the shore, Hold me close, Sway me more". (Bonus : If you haven't listened to this song you may first listen to this song and then continue reading)
Suddenly, Tanisha felt a cold hand on her waist, and she turned immediately. It is Rahul with a glass of beer in his hand. Tanisha freed herself from Rahul's arms and turned around, making an angry face. Rahul put the glass on a table nearby, grabbed her waist, and flipped her towards him. He leans near her ear and whispers, "Love! You are looking so hot today; that's why I was looking for a chilled beer," she gives a bite on her earlobe. By this action Tanisha's face turns all red and she tries to free herself but fails due to the strong hug of Rahul. Rahul puts one hand on her waist and one on her shoulder and they start to dance. Both of them are feeling the heavy warm breath of each other. Rahul was hovering his hand over her belly and grabbing her belly fat sometimes. They continue to dance for a while then Rahul gently grabs Tanisha's chin and brings her lips close to his. Suddenly a person hails "Hey Rahul, How are you man?" Tanisha quickly moves away from Rahul; she feels very embarrassed. The man quickly apologies and leaves after greeting Rahul.
Rahul grabs Tanisha's hand again and takes her towards the bathroom. Rahul locks the door as soon as they enter the bathroom. He pushes Tanisha on the wall, grabs her arms and then slowly leans towards her face to kiss her forehead. There is such a silence that both of them are only hearing their heavy breath. They are both looking into eachothers eyes like they are meeting after years of separation, time passes. After a short pause Rahul takes his mouth towards Tanisha but doesn't kiss her. But now without any hesitation, Tanisha brings her lips towards Rahul and starts kissing him passionately. While kissing, Rahul starts to play with Tanisha's butt. Squeezing the butts hard.
After some time Rahul lifts her skirt and starts rubbing her thighs. Gradually he moves up, between her legs, Tanisha spreads her legs a little for him, She wants to feel his touch now. Rahul starts rubbing her panty which makes Tanisha moan. After 2-3 minutes of rubbing her panty, Rahul suddenly pulls her panty down and leaves it hanging on her knees. Tanisha's panty is all wet, she's dripping literally. Rahul keeps sucking her lips and rubbing her pussy (He isn't fingering). Rahul was rubbing her pussy with his left hand and with the right hand he was squeezing her left boob. Rahul's left hand was fully wet with Tanisha's pussy juice. Tanisha was moaning badly so Rahul stopped rubbing her pussy and put his wet hand in her mouth. She is very horny so she starts licking her own pussy juice from Rahul's hand. After a few minutes Rahul flips her and starts kissing her neck and back. He's literally licking her shoulders giving gentle love bites on her back. While doing this Rahul is continuously rubbing her pussy and her asshole.
Rahul then sits on the commode and makes her sit on his lap. He grabs her ass and starts kissing her. Tanisha is so horny that she starts to move her hip back and forth sitting on Rahul's lap so that her pussy rubs. They kiss passionately for some time. Rahul is pressing her boobs over her top. Now Tanisha tries to open Rahul's zip. But Rahul asks her to stop (Rahul loves to tease Tanisha this way. He wants to make her even more horny). Tanisha leaves his lap unwillingly. Rahul stands up, hugs her from behind and kisses her cheek and asks her to do her hair and grab her wet panties from the ground. Tanisha grabs her panties from the floor and tries to wear them but Rahul stops her and asks her to carry that on her hands and gives her a naughty smile. Tanisha smiles back and opens the door. There is a person coming to the bathroom and he sees both of them. Tanisha's dress isn't proper, her hairs are messy and a wet panty on her hand.
As they are leaving the party everyone looks at them weirdly (Rightly so). Rahul booked an Uber to go to his place. They start moving towards the parking lot. Rahul grabs her left ass. Tanisha gives him a naughty smile. The Uber will take 10-15 minutes to reach so they sit on a bench.
WILL BE CONTINUED.
Please note : These are all my fantasies. I'm still looking for my soul mate so any similarities are completely coincidental.
Feedbacks are highly appreciated.