*******************************************
This is a story based on an outline I received from one of my readers. I really appreciate their suggestions. It contains my usual themes of wife infidelity, cuckolding, exhibitionism, and voyeurism. It also has the theme of manipulation by the other man to seduce the wife. To eliminate any reference to my other stories, this one introduces a new husband and wife couple.
I appreciate the feedback I have received and some of the correspondence. I have taken some of your suggestions and interwoven them into my stories. I look forward to your continued comments.
*******************************************
Beth and her husband Brad are cleaning up after a party they have hosted. The guests were a mixture of co-workers from both Brad and Beth's workplaces. All of the guests are gone and they face the unenviable task of putting things back in order.
Beth is an elegant five-seven with auburn hair done up in a bob. She has a trim figure kept in shape at the gym. She is twenty-eight. For their party she is fetchingly dressed in a figure hugging black cocktail dress with spaghetti straps. It has a scoop neckline and a plunging back that exposes her halfway to the curvature of her ass. It tapers to her slim waist and then swells over her hips, ending mid-thigh. In addition to the to the rest of her figure, it is perfect for her 34B breasts so she can go braless. Wearing 3" heels she is the same height at her thirty-two year old husband, Brad.
Brad admires his wife while cleaning up. He certainly is lucky to have a sexy wife like Beth. But she seems upset about something. While cleaning she says, "What an arrogant jerk. Who is that guy?"
"Who are you talking about?"
'That co-worker of yours. That Rex guy. The one who kept looking at my legs and ass all night. He even told me I looked good without a bra. What nerve! I just meet the guy and he is already telling me he likes my tits and the rest of my body."
Her husband just smiles inside. That sounds like Rex. He asks Beth, "You think he is arrogant?"
"Well sure don't you?"
"Not really, I just think he has a lot of self confidence. "
He tells his wife that Rex transferred from another city a couple of years ago to take over a money losing division. He has completely turned it into a money maker. His reputation is one of a take no prisoners hard charger.
Cupping one of his wife's succulent globes, "Besides, you do have a great ass. It just shows he has good taste."
This explanation does not mollify her in the least. She is still upset that her husband is not bothered by his co-worker's boorish behavior.
Brad is puzzled by her reaction. A lot of guys look at her ass and legs as well as the rest of her. She has never gotten this upset before.
"What did he do that was so forward?'
Beth tells him how he would touch her bare skin. Even putting his hand on her back, and blatantly staring at her ass and making suggestive comments.
"I mean I was practically afraid to lean over, to keep him from looking down my dress. One of those times is when he told me I look good braless."
He suggests they take their drinks over to the couch. "Let's relax, we can clean-up tomorrow. The caterers will be back to pick up their stuff."
After settling on the couch and getting relaxed, stroking her upper thigh at the edge of her dress, Brad tells her, "That sounds like Rex. He has a reputation as a real player. He is seen with a lot of women, but doesn't seem to have steady relationships."
'Well, I'm not surprised. What is the attraction about him?"
"Well, I think you would admit, he is a good looking guy. There are also rumours concerning his endowment. I overheard a couple of women talking about him and one told the other that he has a real big dick."
"So an arrogant dick has a big dick."
He tells Beth she may be a little over sensitive, "After all, a lot of guys look at your ass and legs without it bothering you."
He puts one arm around her and runs the other hand on her bare thigh up under her dress. "Let's drop talking about Rex. He is not the only one who has been looking at your legs and ass all night."
"Maybe I am reading too much into his behavior. But I don't want you hanging around him too much. I am afraid he will be a bad influence on you. You might decide you would like to be a player and I want you all to myself."
With that statement, she pulls her husband's head to hers and gives him a passionate kiss.
Much to Beth's chagrin, Brad still gets together with Rex for sporting events and occasional happy hours after work. She continues to express her concern that Rex will have too much influence on him. He laughingly tells her he is not envious of Rex's lifestyle.
"But I have to admit he does have a lot of success with women."
Beth scoffs, "With his personality I can't believe women would go with him just because he has a big dick."
"Relax honey, all I desire is right here at home"
He leaves out that some of the women Rex is successful with are married. But that is Rex being Rex. He is secretly proud a player like Rex finds his wife sexy and desirable.
He also leaves out conversations where Rex makes suggestive comments about Beth. After the party, Rex compliments him on what a sexy wife Beth is and how lucky he is. Rex being Rex even asks him how good she is in bed. Brad does not get explicit about his wife with Rex, but does volunteer that she was very turned on that night.
"Do you think I had anything to do with it?"
"I don't think so. She gets turned on when she is dressed up like that but she was more passionate than usual. But I don't think she would get that turned on just because you were looking at her legs and ass."
"She probably was. It is not unusual for a happily married woman to get aroused when another man finds her desirable. I am glad I was able to help you out with your sex life."
Maybe Beth is right. He does come off as arrogant sometimes.
One afternoon, Rex brings up how Beth was turned on by him hitting on her. Brad tells him again he doesn't think it was Rex that made her that horny.
Rex says he has an idea, "Why don't you invite her to one of our happy hours and I can look at her legs and ass some more. If she is real horny when you guys get home, then you two will have some great sex and will know she gets turned on when I hit on her."
The next day, he calls Beth at work to invite her to a happy hour with some of his co-workers. She works part-time for a marketing company and this is one the days she is in the office. She tells him she will meet him there since the club is not far from her office. She also asks if Rex will be there. Brad tells her he will.
He leaves out the part it is Rex's idea to invite her. Beth cannot understand her feelings. After working in sales and marketing, she has certainly met her share of arrogant self-centered men. Rex is one of her husband's co-workers and according to Brad is helping him raise his profile in the company. So she tells her husband she would be glad to and is looking forward to seeing Rex again. She says it will be easier for her to drive and will meet him there.
She enters the club wearing her business attire of a blouse, jacket and skirt that reaches just above the knee. Like most of her outfits, the skirt narrows at her waist and flairs over her hips. It is tight enough to accentuate the curvature of her ass. Going through the door she opens another button on her blouse. Brad likes to see the tops of her breasts.
The club is not very crowded. There is a bar and stand-up tables making it easier to mingle. Brad and his co-workers, including Rex, are already there. Rex is at a different table from her husband. She walks over to her husband and gives him a peck on the cheek. She can tell he looks approvingly at her open blouse. The people he is talking to were at the party and they compliment her hospitality and what a good time they had.
Rex comes over with a glass of wine for her, "Hi Beth. It is good to see you again." Turning to Brad, "I have wondered where you have been hiding your sexy wife."
Beth does not say anything. She is coming to grips with the fact that this is the way Rex is and he is not going to change for her. After small talk, Brad walks over to another table, leaving Beth with Rex and two other people from the office.
Standing at the other table, Brad admires his hot looking wife. He doesn't mind that Rex is hitting on her or is even going to try and turn her on.
Too late, Beth realizes that Brad is not the only one who likes looking down her blouse. She sees Rex looking at her breasts. She decides to go along with his suggestive comments and flirting behavior. She even flirts back. Putting one hand on her waist her jacket opens tightening the blouse over one of her breasts. Rex does not try and hide leeringly looking at her breast. He even sees her nipple is becoming aroused. Beth knows her nipple is becoming more pronounced but does not close her jacket. Brad invited her to happy hour knowing Rex would be there, then went to another table, so he must not mind.
Maybe, after the events of their party, she is just overreacting. Rex is dressed in a handsome business suit and certainly cuts a commanding figure. He appears to be in his late thirties. She sees the attraction women have for him. She even feels flattered that a player like Rex is paying attention to her instead of hitting on some of the other available women the bar.
She shifts positions with her elbows on the table which closes her jacket but opens the collar of her blouse more. Rex moves next to her. She knows he is getting a better view down her blouse and of her ass. She shifts position so her ass juts out more and the roundness is more pronounced.
Rex leans in and whispers to her, "I was hoping you would be braless, but that view is still very good."
She whispers back, "Braless does not go with my business attire, but I'm glad you are still getting a good view." She is determined not to let him intimidate her.
Beth nearly spills her drink and makes an audible gasp, when Rex leans his crotch into her from the side. She clearly feels his cock pressing against her hip. This is no normal size cock. She feels the thickness and solidness through the fabric of their clothes. With an arrogant expression he continues to make conversation but keeps up the pressure. Too show him she is not afraid, Beth does not move but lets him keep his cock against her body.
He breaks contact, " I hope I didn't startle you."
"Not at all. You just surprised me that's all." Left unspoken is her surprise at the size of his cock. Even soft it feels bigger than her husband's erection. What is she thinking? She is happily married. The last thing Rex needs is more encouragement.
At another table two of the women and one of the men have been watching Rex with Beth. One of the women speaks, "Looks like Rex has his sights on another wife. He certainly is something else. I wonder if he using the ploy where he leans his cock into her."
At that they all laugh. The guy chimes in, "Well I can't blame him, look at her ass and legs. At the party, Brad and his wife seem well matched. I wouldn't believe that a woman like Beth would fall for Rex."
The other woman speaks up, "Never underestimate the attraction and power of a big dick."
Brad is not looking at Beth and Rex, he does not want to seem obvious. He is interested to see if Rex's theory is right. He walks back over to their table. Beth has her hand on Rex's forearm.
"Hi sweetie, Rex has been telling me all about that big deal he got this week. I didn't know this was a celebration."
Brad is glad that Beth is relaxed around Rex and doesn't seem to still think he is an arrogant jerk. He suggests they go home. They debate on taking one car or two. Neither one of them has had more than two drinks so they drive separately. Brad tells Beth he will follow her.
Beth's horniness catches her by surprise. When she gets in the car, she pulls up her skirt. She runs her hand down her thigh to feel her wetness. She can't believe how wet Rex made her. She is a happily married woman. She is not supposed to feel this aroused just because another man leans his cock into her.
On the drive home, she has a hard time concentrating. With one hand on the wheel, the other strokes her pussy. She has lewd thoughts about Rex and his big cock. She cannot wait to get home and have sex with her husband.
Driving behind her, Brad is wondering if Rex's theory about making Beth horny is right. He hopes it is so he and Beth can have some hot sex.
They get home and before they make it out of the kitchen, Beth puts her arms around him and pulls their bodies together. She gives him a passionate kiss, pushing her tongue deep in his mouth. Brad cannot believe how horny she is. Rex is right. How did she get this turned on just letting him look at her ass and legs and down her blouse?
He pulls her into the family room. They practically fall on the couch. He pulls up her skirt, runs his hand down to her panty covered pussy. God she is wet. Most of the time Beth likes a little foreplay and even then she is not this wet unless he eats her first. They end up having the hottest sex of their lives. She is even more vocal than usual. Neither of them bring up Rex.
Beth loses track of how many times she cums. Brad cums four or five times. They are finally worn out and go into their bedroom. The house is ranch style with bedrooms down a hallway off of the family room.
They both freshen up and collapse into bed.
Brad speaks first, " Honey, that was something else. What made you so horny?"
"I don't know. You know I always get horny at a party or happy hour."
"I notice that you are not bothered by Rex any more. Did he stop his behavior?"
She laughs, "Not hardly. He was still looking at my ass and legs. I unbuttoned my blouse so you could look at my breasts, but so could Rex. He even told me he was sorry I was not braless."
"And you weren't upset like you were after our party?"
"No. Like you said I was over reacting. Rex is just being Rex." She slides next to her husband, and nuzzles his ear. "Does it turn you on when Rex looks at my ass and legs? Even looking down my blouse? That is why I was so horny."
"Yea it turns me on. I don't know why it makes me horny when you tell me things he does."
"But they are just naughty thoughts. We are happily married and I would never do anything more than let him look and make suggestive comments. I have to admit though, sex between us is good when Rex hits on me."
The next day, Brad barely pulls himself out of bed. Fortunately, it is Friday, and there are no serious deadlines at work.
He runs into Rex. Rex asks him," Well how was it? Am I right?"
"Yea. You're right. It was pretty hot. She even told me she likes you looking at her ass and legs and down her blouse."
"I told you she likes attention from me. How hot do you think she would get if did more than look? Maybe feel her ass?"
"I don't know about that. I doubt she would let you go that far."
Rex suggests another idea. Now that Beth is warming up to him, Brad should invite him over in a smaller setting. Something like a ball game on tv. That would give Rex an opportunity to see if he could touch her. Then Brad and Beth would really have some hot sex.
Brad thinks a second, "I know. It is my turn to host a neighborhood poker night next Friday. I will invite you. It would just be three other guys besides you and me."
Rex tells him that is a great idea. Getting Beth alone in their house opens up a lot of possibilities. He knows what really made Beth horny was feeling his cock pressed against her.
Beth is nonplussed when Brad tells her that he invited Rex to his poker game. She is secretly thrilled that Rex will hit on her. Thoughts of his cock against her hip causes her to become aroused.
Brad is surprised that Beth doesn't say anything about Rex. That night Beth is aggressive in bed. She pushes Brad on his back, getting on top leaning her breasts into his mouth and telling him how good his cock feels. With her husband's cock inside her she fantasizes how Rex will hit on her.
Brad cannot believe how hot Beth is becoming. Just the thought of Rex hitting on her makes her horny.
(to be continued)