Chapter 1
Patti started out enjoying a day by the pool, sunning herself and enjoying a steamy romance novel. She arranged a banana for her snack, a glass of wine and sunblock on the table beside the patio lounge chair. Placing a large beach towel on the lounge for her to lie on, she was ready to relax in the sun.
At thirty-five, she still had a good body and kept in shape by jogging, swimming and occasionally bicycling around the neighborhood. She enjoyed wearing a bikini and often sunned by the pool in her backyard since a six-foot wood fence ensured her privacy.
After applying sunblock, she laid down on the lounge chair, on her stomach, and started reading the novel. She undid the straps of her top to prevent tan lines, sometime later she rolled over, revealing her milky white breasts to the sun. About chapter three she fell asleep, dreaming about the handsome pirate Captain ravishing the captured governor's daughter.
During the dream, her hand found its way into her bikini bottoms and her finger started to massage her clit. During that twilight between sleep and awake, she reached over and picked up her banana and inserted it into her pussy imagining that it was the handsome Captain's cock.
While that was happening, the teen twins were playing Frisbee next door. They looked like the typical blonde-haired surfer dudes. Kyle missed the catch and watched as it sailed over the fence into their neighbor's yard. At six feet, Kyle stood on tiptoe and peered over the fence to see where the Frisbee landed, catching sight of Patti pumping the banana into her pussy.
Kyle motioned to his brother to come over and look. They both peered over to witness their topless neighbor pushing a banana in her pussy.
Kyle whispering to his brother, "Hey, can you believe that, we have to video it."
They decided to go next door under the pretext of retrieving their Frisbee and get a closer view.
Patti remained absorbed in her masturbating fantasy while the twins crept up next to her, holding their cell phones. They stood there as Patti's masturbation motions undid the straps on her bikini bottoms. The straps and the small triangle of cloth fell away, revealing the bush on her pussy surrounded by a white triangle of untanned skin.
The twins zoomed in on her bush as it became wet with her juices. The yellow banana's wetness glistened in the sunlight with each stroke.
The twins struggled to keep silent as she pumped away on her way to an orgasm.
Patti let out a small cry, arched her body and she finally orgasms. The twins got everything recorded on their phones.
Patti opened her eyes to find the twins standing on either side of her with their phones still pointed at her.
"What the fuck are you doing here?!" she screamed.
At first, Patti forgot she was naked in front of the two teens as she waited for a reply.
Suddenly it occurred to her she was naked in front of two teen boys staring at her with a banana still in her pussy.
"Oh my god," she gasped as she groped for her towel trying to cover up.
The twins replied in unison, "We came over to get our Frisbee that landed in your yard."
Patti finally had to stand to get the towel free. As she stood up, the banana fell onto the patio. Her face flushed as she realized what happened; two teenagers had just witnessed her masturbating with a banana while nude in her backyard.
The twins just stood there staring at Patti as if waiting for some explanation of the event they just witnessed.
It was not as if she could pretend it was an accident, bananas do not randomly fall from pussies. However, she was in her own backyard minding her own business not expecting to be on display for two teenage boys.
"Just get your Frisbee and leave!" she exclaimed.
The twins just stared at her, still waiting for her to explain why she was fucking herself with a banana.
"Look, if you two don't leave now, I will call the police."
"Good idea, do you think they will want to see the video?"
"What video?" she asked, knowing full well what they were talking about.
"We recorded the entire banana episode; it may make for good viewing by the police. Maybe they will want to take it for evidence so the entire department can see it."
"No, way... You can't do that to me... Please." she said as she started crying.
"By the way we are your neighbors Kyle and Lyle, we moved in last week."
Still sobbing, "What a way to meet the neighbors, I'm Patti."
Patti still clutching her towel tried to cover up more, while extending her hand.
Kyle took her hand and said, "No need to cover up Patti, we have seen it all now."
"Maybe you should drop the towel, Patti." Chimed in Lyle.
"You want me to drop the towel, you have to be joking, I will not do that in front of you two."
"You will, we enjoy seeing you fully naked... Banana lady." Said Kyle.
Patti's face turned red, not from embarrassment, but from rage. She thought these twerps will not gawk at my naked body any more. She turned to walk back into the house, but Kyle held onto the corner of her towel.
"Let me go, you..." she didn't know which one was which. They looked identical.
"I'm Kyle, that's Lyle."
"Ok, Kyle let go of my towel or I'll scream."
"Ok, scream, there is no one to hear you. Everyone is at work."
Patti stood still clutching her towel and tried to pull away from Kyle. Kyles grip was stronger, the struggle ended with Kyle taking the towel, leaving her naked.
She tried to cover up with her arms, but still she was naked and now noticed that Lyle was again recording her.
They blocked her path to the house; she would have to remove her hands to run for it. They laughed at her jiggling tits and butt as she tried to run around them.
Finally, in exasperation, she stopped and let them see her naked.
"See that's more like it Patti, we just want to see your pretty body for a while, then you can go inside or put your bikini back on."
She went back to the lounge chair and sat down, trying to figure out what to do next.
Patti tried to stifle her crying, but she could not, humiliated and excited at the same time. Her mind went to thinking of the pirates and the governor's daughter; this was what she went through. Now she wished she had made it past chapter three so that she could find out what she did to escape.
"Patti, here is your banana would you fuck yourself for us?"
She took the banana; it was still sticky and wet from her juices and brushed off the few pebbles that stuck to it.
Holding it and crying, "Why are you doing this to me?"
"We enjoy looking at your body and watching you getting off."
"If I do, will you leave me alone?"
They both nodded in agreement, as she moved the banana to her pussy.
"How far can you get it in?" asked Lyle as she started to insert it.
Then Kyle bet Lyle she could not put it all in.
"I can take it all."
"No way, show us."
Patti pushed the entire banana up inside with just enough left to grip.
The twins looked as if she had done a magic trick, they could not believe that the entire banana could fit inside her pussy.
Patti chuckled to herself as they watched her in amazement; these guys must not have watched any porno movies.
She continued to fuck herself with the banana with one hand and fingering her clit with the other. This was the first time anyone watched her masturbate, let alone two twin teenagers.
At first, she was just doing it to appease the twins, but then she continued because it was erotic having an audience.
Once she climaxed, the twins made good on their promise they let her grab her towel and go inside.
That night the enormity of the day's event set in, she had let two teenagers video her fucking herself with a banana while she was naked in her backyard. What were they going to do with those videos; maybe they will just watch them to jack off. That thought gave her some satisfaction, teens using her videos to jack off.
First, she thought she would talk to their parents and have them erased, but then again maybe they don't know about the videos and they will want to watch them. Then, they may want to bring charges against her for displaying herself naked in front of their teenage sons. Her mind raced thinking of many things could go wrong. Oh, my god what if the other neighbors found out? What if the people at work found out?
She was fucked no matter of which way it went; she was going to be the neighborhood slut. Between crying and downing a bottle of wine, she calmed down enough to go to sleep.
Chapter 2
The next day everything looked better, she went about her daily duties and put the previous day's event behind her. She went back outside to work in the garden and even took a dip in the pool. Not a sign of the twins, all day. Maybe they would leave her alone and this was a one-time event.
By the third day, she still hadn't seen the twins, so she figured they had moved on. She thought, Teens today have a short attention span they have already forgotten about me.
Patti had been so preoccupied with her own life she didn't even notice that she had new neighbors. She didn't even notice the house next door was up for sale or that it sold. She had closed down after her divorce last year; she just seemed to operate on autopilot and not paying much attention to anything other than her job and her garden.
Her garden was her outlet, growing her own vegetables consumed a lot of time. She planted more vegetables than she needed, after all she was the only one eating them.
She was weeding the garden, listening to music on her AirPods, when a shadow of a person standing behind her appeared. She turned to see Kyle or was it Lyle standing there watching her pull weeds.
"Nice garden, you must have a real green thumb."
Startled, she removed a pod so she could hear what he said, "What did you say?"
"I said you must have a green thumb."
"Oh, thanks, err... are you Kyle or Lyle?"
"Kyle."
"You two look so much alike I can't tell you apart."
"I have a red birthmark on my neck, just below my left ear." Pointing to his left ear.
"Good to know."
"What are you growing?"
"Well, I have tomatoes, green peppers, yellow squash, zucchini and eggplant."
"You eat all this yourself, looks like a lot for one person."
"I like fresh vegetables and I use the zucchini to make bread."
"Zucchini bread?"
"Yes, it's sort of like a spice cake but very moist. Next time I make one I'll give you a taste."
Kyle looked like that piqued his interest, but didn't say a thing as he turned and walked away.
Patti was surprised at Kyle's sudden intrusion but relieved that he didn't bring up their previous encounter. Matter of fact, he acted as if nothing had happened. She thought, "Maybe the twins are not evil after all; they are just normal horny curious teenage boys."
On the fifth day after the event, she enjoyed a swim and lounging by the pool. The twins unexpectedly showed up in swimming trunks interrupting her relaxing afternoon.
"Hey neighbor, mind if we take a dip in your pool?" They said in unison.
Not wanting to seem un-neighborly, she agreed to let them swim. They jumped in and swam a few laps; she noticed how muscular they both were. They were good swimmers and seemed at ease in the water.
"Hey Patti, how about jumping in and enjoying the water?"
Patti shook her head no, but they kept cajoling her to join them. Against her better judgement, she joined them in the pool. At first, they just swam back and forth then challenged her to a race. They were both better swimmers than she was and easily beat her to the end of the pool. Lyle dove under the water and came up between her legs; as he came up, he lifted her on his muscular shoulders.
Startled, she just remained on his shoulders as he walked around the pool. After a few minutes, he dropped to his knees and dunked her. She separated from Lyle then Kyle wanted to try lifting her up on his shoulders. She was enjoying the attention of the twins; it had been a long time since any man paid this much attention to her. Her pussy rubbing on Kyle's neck was turning her on. Kyle's hands were holding her legs and his moving around kept rubbing her pussy on his neck.
Just as she was getting aroused, he dunked her. As she went under her top came off. She tried to grasp it as it sank to the bottom, as she came up she was topless.
Lyle let out a hoot and smiled at her. Next Kyle dove under, she thought he would retrieve her top, but he grabbed her bottoms and pulled them down.
Her breasts were bare; Lyle reached out and pulled on her hard nipple as a hand found its way between her legs. A finger inched toward her pussy with four hands moving around she wasn't sure whose it was. She stayed still and let it happen; she wanted her pussy invaded.
It wasn't a banana; it was a finger massaging her clit; she wanted a climax. She wanted a real cock; maybe the twins would fuck her. Her mind was reeling, she wanted an orgasm she didn't care how it happened. Finger, banana whatever, she wanted it now.
Lyle started sucking her nipple as a finger did its magic on her clit. She reached around to find his hard cock in his trunks. She was amazed at how large it was; she was doing this to these twins. She was making their cocks huge, she could feel them growing, wanting to be in her pussy.
Then it stopped no more finger on her clit, no more nipple sucking. What happened? She wanted an orgasm, and they stopped before it happened.
She looked at the twins moving away from her, as if she was repulsive. Now she was getting angry, "What the fuck, guys. Don't stop now, I need it, I was almost there."
They got out of the pool, leaving Patti naked and unsatisfied. She forgot about retrieving her suit, got out of the pool, and followed them.
Patti stood on the patio naked and dripping wet. Her nipples still hard, her pussy still aching for relief. Lyle tossed her a towel, as if they wanted her to cover up her nakedness.
They humiliated her, wasn't she attractive or sexy enough for them? Why did they stop?
Kyle came over, hugged her, and put the towel around her as she shivered. She started to cry; it was too much emotion, two horny teenagers rejected her, she felt so ugly.
She noticed they didn't have bulges in the trunks; she turned them off. They lost their erections just as she wanted them to fuck her.
"We have to go." The twins turned and left.
Patti sat on the lounge chair wrapped in a towel and cried.
Chapter 3
A few days later, she was in her yard tending to the garden when Kyle came over again. He stood and watched as she pulled weeds. She was wearing a crop top tee shirt and each time she reached over her tits fell out. She noticed that Kyle kept bending over with her movement so he could get a better view.
Pointing to a long green vegetable, "Are those zucchinis?"
"Yes."
"Are you going to make bread with them?"
"I can, do you want me to make one for you to try?"
"Yes."
She selected a large long green one and stood up "I'll use this one to make bread for you tonight."
As she walked back to the patio, Lyle came over to see what Kyle was doing. When she bent over to put the zucchinis on the table her tits fell out catching Lyle's attention.
Lyle seized the opportunity to grab her nipple, sending a jolt through her body. She stayed bent over allowing him to play with her nipples for a few minutes.
"Take off your top; I want to play with your tits." Commanded Lyle.
Taken back at the request, she wasn't sure if she wanted to comply, but she didn't want to deal with rejection again.
That familiar feeling came over her as she removed her top that she was sexy, he wants my tits.
"While you're at it, take off your shorts." Chimed in Kyle.
Complying with their requests, she stood naked before the twins awaiting their embraces. Lyle went right to her nipple and Kyle went between her legs for her pussy. She craved the affection, the attention. This was ecstasy. Her pussy longed for the climax that the twins could give her. They switched, Kyle went to her nipples, pulling and sucking each one while Lyle fingered her pussy.
Lyle spread her labia apart and circled her clit; he licked it and sent shock waves through her. He picked up a large zucchini and rubbed it at the entrance of her pussy. Once covered in her juices, it slid in.
Taking her hand and placing it on the zucchini, "Go ahead and finish yourself off, while I watch."
She could not quit now; she started to protest but Lyle pulled away.
"I really want to watch you fuck yourself with a vegetable."
She didn't notice that Kyle had stopped sucking her tits and was recording her.
"Tell me how much you love fucking yourself with a zucchini or I'll stop you now."
He moved up to play with her tits while she grasped the green vegetable. He had to grab her hand and start it moving in and out.
"I don't hear anything; don't you love your big green zucchini cock?"
She started in a whispering voice, "I love my zucchini cock, fuck me zucchini, fuck me."
"I can't hear you, say it louder," he said, as he pulled her nipple harder.
She increased her chanting louder as Lyle demanded, all the while pumping the big green vegetable in and out of her pussy.
The humiliation of masturbating with a zucchini in front of the twins while they were recording her chant "fuck me" was the final sensation that put her over the top.
Now she really was an official slut. Being recorded while masturbating with a banana and now a zucchini was the final slutty act. How low could she go to get an orgasm? She would find out next, Lyle had her get up on her elbows and knees with the zucchini still in her pussy.
"Did you ever have a vegetable fuck your ass?"
Before she could object, she felt another zucchini pushing at her asshole. Lyle dripped his hot saliva on her asshole and pushed in the green object.
Once the initial pain of the zucchini in her ass passed, the pleasure kicked in. She had never done anal before, now she wished she had started sooner.
She could only imagine how she must look with two green vegetables sticking out of her private parts.
She thought, what sort of depraved person fucks herself with garden vegetables and loves it?
As the next wave of her orgasm hit, she thought Damm, these evil twins are making me cum again.
Chapter 4
Patti made zucchini bread with one of the vegetables she was fucked with that day. Although she had washed them thoroughly, she thought it still had that telltale smell of sex.
The next day she wanted to give Kyle the bread since he had asked about trying one. Secretly she wanted him to have the fruits of their sexual encounter to connect them. She was developing a crush on Kyle; she wanted to have his cock. For sure, he would be better than a zucchini or banana, she fantasized about him taking her right out on the patio.
She went out in the backyard and listened for the twins. She was hesitant to go over to their house, but she wanted Kyle to try the bread.
Knocking on the neighbor's front door, she expected to have Kyle or Lyle answer. It surprised her to have a woman about her age greet her.
"Hi, I'm Patti your next-door neighbor, I was hoping to give this homemade zucchini bread to Kyle. He noticed I was growing zucchini my garden and wondered what I did with it. "
"Well, nice to meet you Patti, I'm Karli their mother."
"You look too young to have two teenagers."
"I'm thirty-four, going on ninety some days." She said, with a chuckle.
"It's a lot of work bringing up twins, but in a few weeks they will go back to college and I'll get a break ... Come in Patti, I'll call Kyle."
Shouting for Kyle, he soon appeared and got that deer in the headlights look. He figured that Patti was here to talk to their mom about their sexual encounters.
"Kyle, look what Patti brought you." Holding up the loaf of zucchini bread.
Karli ushered them into the living room so they could sit down.
After a long pause, Patti spoke, "Kyle, I brought over a loaf of zucchini bread I made last night for you to try."
Karli said, "How about I make some ice tea and we can try the bread."
As Karli left for the kitchen, Kyle flashed Patti a look, with a shrug of his shoulders. Patti wasn't good at reading body language, but sensed that Kyle was uncomfortable with her being here.
No sooner had Karli returned with the tea and sliced bread, when Lyle appeared.
"Lyle, you're just in time to try some of our neighbor's zucchini bread."
"Wow, that should be a treat, tell us Patti what's your secret in making bread?"
"No secret, just zucchini, spices, flour and so on."
Patti could sense that Lyle would try to humiliate her in front of his mom and brother. The devious look on his face concerned her especially when Kyle started fidgeting. Her stomach got a queasy feeling of impending doom.
After taking the first bite of bread, Karli commented how good it was and asked, "Patti would you share your recipe with me?" Lyle made a slurping sound as he did an exaggerated lip lick with his tongue. She knew now that Lyle would embarrass her.
"Yes Patti, share with my mom your secret ingredient that gives it that lip smacking taste."
Patti's face flushed, as she knew Lyle wanted her to tell about fucking herself with the zucchini just to humiliate her in front of his mom.
Just as Patti stammered and started to get up to leave, Lyle commented, "No need to be embarrassed Patti, my mom watched the video of you with the zucchini."
Patti felt as if a knife went through her stomach as she thought, His mom watched the video. Oh, my god, I'm fucked for good. How can I ever show my face again?
"Who else saw that video Lyle?" she said, shaking with anger.
"No one else except my mom and brother."
"Tell my mom how good that zucchini felt in your pussy. She couldn't believe you liked the one in your ass."
Karli and Kyle looked as if they were being held captive by Lyle's evil self and could not look at Patti directly.
Lyle looking directly at Patti sniffed the bread, "Is this bread made with your pussy juice in it? Maybe that's the secret ingredient."
Patti putting her head down in shame started to cry. How could she be so stupid, this teenager is totally humiliating me in front of his mother and brother? My life is over, Patti thought.
Lyle got up and came over to her, at first, she thought he would apologize, but he told her to remove her clothes.
"No, I can't get naked in front of your mom." She sniffled. "I just can't."
"You can and you will if you know what's good for you."
She wondered what he was talking about, but she didn't want to find out. She looked at Karli hoping she would intercede on her behalf.
She just stared at Patti and said, "Please do as he says, for your own good."
Kyle just nodded in agreement; Lyle clearly was in control of both of them. Why were they afraid of Lyle? What power did he have over his own mom?
Patti rose and shakily started removing her clothes as tears ran down her cheeks and neither Karli nor Kyle prevented Lyle from insisting on her continuing.
After she had finally removed all her clothes, Lyle applauded. She stood trembling naked in the presence of them all, waiting for the next humiliation.
"There, that wasn't so hard was it? You know you enjoy showing off your pretty body for us. "
Lyle commanded that she turn around slowly so they could examine her body.
"Mom, what do you think about her bush, should we remove it or just trim it like yours?"
Karli stood up and came closer to Patti; she put her hand on her bushy pussy and felt her fingers push through her coarse brown pubic hair.
"Well now I know she is not a real blonde, I think it should be bald."
"Kyle, what's your vote? Trim or bald?"
Patti looked at Kyle, hoping for pity, or at least have him put a stop to this. Kyle voted for bald, much to her surprise. Why do they want my pussy bald?
"Mom, take her to the bathroom and make it bald."
Karli took Patti's hand and led her to the bathroom. Lyle following along so he could video the process.
Patti hoped she would be alone with Karli so she could ask what the fuck was going on and why was she allowing Lyle to do this to her.
Lyle used a video camera to capture her pussy being violated by his mom. Karli used an electric trimmer and removed her pubic hair down to the skin. She had to tell Patti to quit shaking several times because she didn't want to cut her clit off. Lyle zoomed in for a close-up of the clippers going close to her clit, he joked it was for insurance purposes.
Try as she might, her pussy was getting wet; having her pussy prodded and shaved with an audience was something she never experienced before. It was almost erotic having this much attention on her pussy.
It did not go unnoticed by Lyle; he ran his finger over her wet lips and put it in his mouth, telling Kyle how tasty her juices are. He offered a lick to Kyle, but he declined.
"It will be red and sore for a few days Patti; maybe you will want to shave it yourself in the shower when you get home and follow up with moisturizer." Offered Karli.
Patti could see her red and swollen pussy in the mirror, not something she ever considered doing to herself.
After they returned to the living room, Lyle said, "Look everyone what a beautiful looking bald pussy Patti has now."
Both Karli and Kyle agreed it was a beautiful looking pussy.
Once it was over Lyle was no longer interested and said Patti could go home now.
He took her by the hand and led her still naked to the door and told her to go home and shower. Patti started to panic, she can't go outside naked.
She was going to protest but thought, let me get the fuck out of here before he wants to do something else to me."
It was broad daylight, and she had to walk across the front lawns to get home. She looked to Karli and Kyle to offer her clothes back, nothing, they just stared at her as Lyle almost pushed her out the door.
Not only was she naked but her pussy was bald, how much more naked could she be? The thought of running home naked was worse than it was; no one appeared to notice as she ran home.
Safely back home she started shaking and crying, it's the worst feeling. She could not stop thinking about what had just happened to her. Maybe after a shower, I will feel better. She almost drained all the hot water just standing in the shower trying to calm down.
After a few glasses of wine, she finally relaxed. She stood in front of her mirror and looked at her poor red, swollen bald pussy. The thought that they thought it was beautiful was interesting to her. I do have a beautiful pussy.
Chapter 5
Several days had passed, and she finally felt enjoyment going back out in the yard. She listened and hearing no twins, felt it was safe to work in the garden. She stared at the zucchini growing, remembering how much she enjoyed the cock shaped vegetable in her pussy.
The sound of a leaf blower next door broke her concentration. Someone was walking around with it, revving it at different intervals. She would need a step stool or ladder to peer over the fence, even on tiptoes her five-foot five frame could not see over the six-foot fence.
It stopped as she tried to peer between the fence slats to see who was using it.
"Hey, neighbor looking for me?" called out Lyle.
Before she could answer, he was coming through her gate with someone else. Good, she figured, he would try nothing with a stranger around.
Lyle introduced her to Pedro, their gardener. Pedro was an older, weathered worn Mexican man who apparently did not speak much English as Lyle kept talking to him in Spanish.
She under stood just one word, the "Si" as Pedro responded to Lyle's question.
Lyle looked at her and asked, "Do you speak Spanish?"
She shook her head in a no response.
"I was telling Pedro about your garden and how you grew "calabacin", zucchini and I asked if he wanted to see it."
He said Si, yes.
Lyle pointed to the end of the yard where the garden was and they started towards it.
Turning to Patti, "Aren't you going to show us your garden."
They all stood around looking at the garden while Pedro and Lyle continued a conversation in Spanish. Lyle was making jesters with his hands and occasionally pointing to things in the garden.
All she could do is smile as Pedro pointed at her and talking with Lyle. He apparently did not believe something Lyle was telling him. Pedro made several references to calabacín which started to worry her.
What was Lyle telling him? Finally, she figured it out; he was telling Pedro about her and the zucchini. She could feel her face going flush; oh, my god was he telling Pedro about her fucking herself with a zucchini?
Lyle pulled out a twenty-dollar bill and waved it in front of Pedro. Pedro nods yes in agreement.
She just knew Lyle was up to no good, she could feel his evilness brewing.
Finally, Lyle says, "Patti, Pedro doesn't believe you like to fuck yourself with a zucchini; I bet him twenty dollars you do."
She just looked at Lyle in disbelief.
"Patti, either you prove him wrong or I'll show him and the entire garden center your video."
She didn't know what to do. That knife feeling returned in her gut, the twins their mom and now the Mexican gardener. Her knees felt weak, she started to shake, and then Lyle told Pedro to pick a nice grande calabacín for her.
Lyle held her arm tightly as he guided her back to the patio. Pedro following with her new green lover.
"Strip and show Pedro your pretty bald pussy before you start. He said he never saw a Coñito Calvo before. "
She started shaking and told Lyle no fucking way was she going to show Pedro anything. She was defiant until Lyle reminded her of the video collection he had of her and her vegetable friends.
Patti felt like a common street slut now. This was the lowest act she could ever imagine being forced to do, especially over a twenty-dollar bet. She slowly removed her top exposing her now tan breasts to the gardener who pointed and said something to Lyle.
Apparently, he had asked if he could fondle them and Lyle said Si, Si. Pedro reached out and felt her tits, rubbing his callused fingers around her areola. At first, she warded off his hand, she didn't want to enjoy it but she did. By the time, she removed her shorts her pussy was already wet and ready for the zucchini.
Lyle wiped her lips and held up his fingers for Pedro to sniff. He made an ok nod, as he approved her scent. Well, at least my pussy smells good for the gardener, she thought.
Lyle brought the zucchini up to her pussy and rubbed it at the entrance several times before handing it to her to insert. It went in so effortlessly even she was amazed.
Patti started to slide it in and out, then Lyle reminded her to tell the zucchini how much she loved having it in her pussy.
"Fuck me zucchini with your big green cock ... I love you fucking me so much... Pedro do you love my bald pussy?"
She continued sliding the zucchini in and out then asked if Pedro could to rub her clit and pull her nipples. Lyle had to translate her request so Pedro could help her climax.
Lyle once again seized the opportunity to record her loving her zucchini with Pedro's help.
Finishing one of her best orgasms, she was startled to realize how much she loved an audience while she was masturbating. A complete stranger watching her fuck herself with a common garden vegetable made it more erotic than ever.
I'm becoming ... no I am a slutty exhibitionist, I can't fight the urge to comply with Lyle's evil ideas. She thought.
Lyle told her how much Pedro enjoyed her wanton exhibition of fucking herself, but he wanted to know if she wanted a real cock. Pedro was so turned on he didn't wait for an answer and pulled his hard cock out and motioned for her to take it.
"No, no...no tell him I don't do cocks, Lyle."
Some Spanish conversation between Lyle and Pedro ended up with Pedro putting his swollen cock away. She didn't have to understand Spanish to understand how pissed Pedro was at having his cock rejected.
Lyle continued to talk to him, probably telling him she was a vegetable loving wacko. Pedro looked dejected but told Lyle that he enjoyed seeing his first Coñito Calvo. She felt relief that Lyle just didn't let Pedro force her to suck him off or rape her. He could have, or they both could have raped her and she would have been powerless to stop them.
Then they left her still naked on the lounge chair without saying another word. Not a thank you, fuck off, nothing showing they appreciated her performance. She at least got a compliment on her bald pussy.
Chapter 6
Summer was ending, the twins went off to college and things went back to normal or at least a new normal for her. She tried several times to talk to Karli, but they never seemed to connect. She wanted to find out the story about her and the twins, why Lyle seemed in control of her and Kyle.
So many questions and no answers. The garden was finished for the season and so no more fresh zucchini for the year. The whole zucchini thing was so bizarre she was both glad it was over and sad it ended. She replaced it with a new omnibot vibrator. It's not green, but does the job and it even has a phone app.
She decided to keep up with her bald pussy look, shaving it once a week to please the twins in the future.
A special thanks to Shy_Girl_whore for editing the story.