Honey I just remembered an incident that I never told you about. Nothing really bad happened and I know you want me to tell you these things if I remember them so here goes.
I was just twenty three and I had just met you and I was still living at the double wide trailer with my brother and our room mate John, who owned it.
I was such a beautiful little hottie with the perfect body. I had long, thick ,wavy, blonde hair, perky firm boobies with great nipples that went from puffy to big and hard quite fast. I had a tiny waist, long, strong, toned legs, a perfect little bubble butt that was so firm and high and tight and I had a super fine pussy. You had been encouraging me to be more free with nudity.
Well one morning I had a weird thing happen. The double wide was a little older and things didn't always work right. Like my door knob came off a few times and each time it took ten minutes with a screw driver to get back in my room.
Well as most nights in the summer, it was so hot that I woke up kind of sweaty and so in the morning I got up and took a shower. I got the very last towel and considered myself lucky to get one. I went back into my room to dry my hair, but I had forgotten my brush in the bathroom.
I had just tossed my towel on the floor and didn't want to pick it up off the old carpet and so I took a quick peek out the door to make sure no one was there and then I quickly ran out of my room into the bathroom. My bedroom door closes by itself and it did just that.
But when I went back to my room and grabbed the door knob, it came off in my hand. I did something stupid and screamed really loud from frustration. I knew it was a mistake the second I did it. Sure enough I heard John's door open and he comes out of his room to see what is wrong and there I was totally naked just holding a brush. There was nothing for me to cover with and nowhere to go.
I looked at John and he was standing there like he was just frozen in place. His jaw was open and he was breathing through his mouth and his eyes were like saucers. I think he was even about to drool.
Well I didn't want to look weak or scared and I was not about to play some stupid cover up game where it is just that much more sexy for him or to run into the bathroom after he already saw me. So I just stood there and faced him straight on with my hands on my hips and said, "Relax John, it's just a naked body. Now can you help me get back in my room? The door knob has come off again."
For some reason I didn't ask him to get me a shirt or anything to cover with. I think I just wanted to play this out a bit and see what would happen and I remembered you had kind of challenged me to be more daring so I figured you may even like it.
The way he was beginning to shake and stammer made me laugh out loud. And then to add to the ridiculousness of the situation, John's buddy Ernest, who picks him up for work, walked in the front door calling out, "John Boy, what the heck was that scream for?"
He steps into the hall and sees me standing there all naked and fine looking and says,"WHooooEee!! This is my lucky day!"
I said, "I guess it is Ernest. Do you happen to have a screw driver on you to get my bedroom door open?"
He says, "Well, yes I do have one in the truck and I will go get it right away." But he just stood there staring at me without moving.
I said, "Are you both paralyzed? What is the big deal? Please go get a screw driver!"
At this point, I can't really explain it, but I was beginning to have a lot of fun being naked in front of these two guys. They are both such cavemen and so harmless and basically nice that I was not worried and I have to admit it was so flattering and ego busting when I was just twenty three to have such a stunning effect on two grown men by just standing there. Ernest was staring at my boobs and especially my nipples.
I noticed his stare and so I shook my boobies side to side and said, "Ernest, these boobies will still be here when you come back in - just go get the screw driver!"
Ernest seemed like he was shot with a stun gun when I shook my boobs, but he finally went to retrieve the tool and John was still just frozen staring at me. He kept staring at my pussy so much I finally looked down at it myself and said, "What is wrong John? You look like you've never seen a pussy before!"
"I ain't never seen a bald one before, I will tell you that?" I guess he was shocked to see my freshly shaved cute little smooth pussy.
Well what do you think then, after staring for five minutes, do you like it like this or do you like them all hairy?"
I stood like a model with my legs slightly crossed and then stepped them apart to let him get a nice look as I ran my finer back and forth flipping my lips for him to see. Then I spanked my pussy and said, "You thank your lucky stars buster that you are getting to see this pussy, because you will never see a pussy this fine again!"
When I spanked my pussy he looked like he was going to cum in his pants. He said, "I LOVE it like that!! You are SO Pretty Catherine and you have the finest pussy I have ever seen - even in pictures! I can't believe it!"
I said, "Well I'm glad you like it." I turned to walk into the kitchen to get a glass of orange juice from the fridge. He was staring at my bare bottom the whole time too. It was fun letting him look. I stopped just as I got to the cupboard door to get a glass and bent over to scratch my foot. Well...it itched. Anyway ... I bent way over and let him see my fine smooth pussy from behind for a special treat. Then I stood up, went to the fridge and poured the juice in the glass. The cold air coming out of the fridge made my puffy nipple get rock hard and huge!
I was drinking the juice when Ernest comes back in and didn't see me, bumping into me and spilling the juice all over my front.
It covered my boobs, ran down my tummy and dripped off my pussy and legs. It was freezing and I stomped my feet up and down making everything bounce and they sure noticed too. Once I stopped bouncing we were all standing there staring intently at my naked body again. I said, "Why don't you watch where you are going Ernest!"
He said,. "Well I am so sorry, but you have put me into a tizzy seeing your naked beauty like this Miss Catherine. And especially now seeing your big hard nipples. I caint hep myself I guess."
I said, "Boys PLEASE just get my door open will you?"
I walked into the bathroom, leaving the door open and just stepped into the shower to rinse off. At this point I didn't care if they watched and it was so dang hot in there with the door closed anyway.
I even left the shower curtain open. It just took me a minute to rinse off and I could tell they were staring at me. So I turned my back to them as I rinsed my front off and let them see my fine bubble butt. Next I had so much fun running my hands over my fine butt cheeks and opening them up to let the water run over me. I turned and let them see me wash my hands over my firm, young breasts. I pulled on my hard nipples and rubbed my flat tummy. I even made sure they could see my beautiful, shaved pussy as I washed her making sure I turned each lip like a little page in a book to get all the juice off. I made sure I got under the hood for Miss Clitty too and all that careful washing got me going even more.
I began to feel the water pulsing on my clitty and I just forget for a minute where I was and I leaned against the back wall and let the water hit my clitty as I spread my lips open a bit with the fingers of one hand and with the other hand I pulled on my nipples and squished my boobies all around. In less than two minutes I was moaning and whimpering with the greatest orgasm I had had in months. I think it was because I was letting two men watch that made it so crazy exciting for me.
When I was done I cooled down and caught my breath and stayed leaned up against the wall a minute all naked. I looked over at them and said, "You weren't standing there and watching were you?! What naughty boys you are! Now get my door open!"
They turned and worked on the door and in a second it opened. I walked right between them letting them see my nipples just six inches form them and letting them see my bare bottom and naked shaved pussy just inches away from them too. I was so surprised they didn't even try to touch me.
I said, "Thank you for getting my door opened."
I walked inside like it was the most normal thing in the world. When I got inside I locked the door and lay on my bed and laughed. It was so fun getting off in front of two nerdy guys like that. I hope you aren't too mad about it Honey.