Who knew Stepsisters would make such good threesomes? Ok foursomes. Brian lost count.
*
"Morning Mom." Brian Hancock swooped in and kissed Margo Needy on the cheek, his hands around her upper body squeezing her breasts beneath her cut off Deep Purple concert t-shirt. She liked things purple and very deep within her. Shocked by his arrival she nearly dropped her butter knife as she was spreading apple butter on a bagel.
"Where are you off to?"
"Heading back into town to hook up with my step sisters. We haven't been close because of my Dad cheating on my Mom years ago. I just finally let the girls in."
"That's sweet of you. It wasn't their fault what your Father did."
"I know that. We just shunned Dad for awhile, just this year we've gotten things patched up. Won't ever be perfect but it's better than it was. Did i tell you my Dad cut down some trees out here years ago for Darryl?"
"No you didn't. I might remember him if I saw his face."
"ZZ Top beard. He's always had that."
"I believe I do recall him. How old are your step sisters? How many?"
"Four total. Three close to my age, one sixteen still."
"I see. Are they pretty?"
"Butt ugly." He grimaces, "Of course, they're hot. Why do you think I'm hanging with them?"
"Ohhhh! So there's an ulterior motive." She shakes her head smirking.
"I didn't pay them much thought until my Dad showed me pics of Gwen. Gwen's the oldest. Just had a boob job a few months back. All healed up and looking like a Pornstar."
"As nice as mine?" Margo lifts her shirt to show off her tits.
"Nobody has hotter tits than you Margo." He rolls his eyes then brings up his cellphone to show Gwen's tits which was on his wallpaper.
"She's beautiful." Margo puckered.
"Not bad. Jealous?" He laughs.
"Should I be?"
"Naaaa! Here's MJ and Daphne. I think they look like Jennifer Love Hewitt and Naomi Scott. Gwen looks like Leah Gotti. Super sexy Pornstar."
"And the youngest?"
He ponders for a moment then says, "Maybe a goofy looking Natalie Portman. I try not to visualize her too heavily."
"At sixteen you shouldn't. Be smart Brian."
"I'm not touching her in any way, no worries there. Her sisters now...I'm tapping all three." He brags laughing.
"I'm here if that doesn't work out for you." She rolls her eyes and bites her bagel.
"Even if it does work out I'm fucking you hard. Your body is mine Bitch."
"Mmmm! Yes it is. Go have fun."
"Gonna." He yanks her head back by her hair and kisses her on the lips before making a gross expression, "I hate apple butter." Releasing her, Brian left without looking back. She however enjoyed his firm ass until it vanished from sight.
Driving into Wildwood, Brian Hancock cruised his F-150 past his Dad's house three times before getting up the nerve to stop. He knew what he wanted but his stepmom worried him. They hadn't gotten to know each other over the years due to family turmoil so he really wasn't certain how she might react to his flirting with her girls. Ordinarily it wouldn't faze him in the least but for some reason it did. He wasn't even sure if she was home. All he knew was the girls were out back in a large circular above ground swimming pool. He could hear them screaming as if kids, even though they were young adults his own age.
Parking across the street he sat there a few minutes more deciding how best to make an unannounced entrance. Having only been here once ever he was feeling awkward. Looking at his cell pic of Gwen he hissed, "She likes Braedon Wilkes. What the hell am I doing?" Mulling it over he chuckles, "His girlfriend. That's what I'm doing." Confidence rising he exits his truck and locks it. The walk up their sidewalk led him around the house from the side. He knew his Dad was gone, his truck no where in sight. His stepmom's car was in the drive however. That kept him from going in bold. At the corner of the house he hugged the siding and peered carefully around the corner.
"Their mom can't be home. They're wearing those string bikini's. Awesome."
MJ and Daphne were in the pool frolicking noisily. Gwen was laying out on a blanket in the sun, face down, bikini top untied to avoid tan lines. She was on her cell talking to someone, probably her boyfriend. "Braedon who?" Brian chuckled then marched head on around the corner. Hands in the air he yells out, "Pool party and I wasn't invited?" The girls in the pool stopped their goofing around and swam to the edge, leaning on it.
"Hey Brian. What are you doing here?" MJ questioned then sheepishly looked at Daphne who shared a flirtation gaze with her.
"Been thinking after the other day. I owe it to you gals to try being a big brother."
"Big? We're the same age." MJ laughed.
"Don't ruin my image of the situation. I'm trying here."
"You kissed both of us. Trying might be taking on another meaning." Daphne giggled.
"You two didn't resist."
"Guess not." They agreed.
"So, where's my Dad and your Mom?"
"Mom took Heidi to pick up her friend Andrea. They just left a few minutes ago. Andrea lives out in Carrington so she won't be back for at least an hour. She's staying the weekend with us." Daphne smirked looking over the side of the pool at Brian's shorts. "You wanna swim with us?"
"No trunks, just my cut off sweats." He leaned on the pool face to face with MJ. The girl grew lost in his dreamy gaze. Daphne had to turn his chin to face her just to share in the dreaminess. "There's enough of me for everyone. Don't get jealous." He chuckled.
"You can lose your sweatpants if you want. We won't tell on you." Daphne nibbled her lower lip hopefully.
"Skinny dip? You two joining me?" He applied the swagger.
"I will." MJ winked. Not to be outdone Daphne beat her sister in removing her top, her 36C's were just plain gorgeous, nipples like bullet casings. MJ immediately, took her own top off. From there both girls used their hands to palm their breasts hiding them from Brian.
"No fair. I'm losing my bottoms too. If I do, you two do." He hadn't even took his shirt off yet. He was smooth, before he had taken anything off he watched both twin sisters strip their bikini bottoms off and lay them over the side of the pool. "You never said where my Dad is."
"He's in his mancave watching a football game. Mom took his truck to Carrington." MJ supplied the answer requested.
"Aren't you two worried Dad might walk out here and see you little hotties skinny dipping?"
"If he does, he's going to see his son doing it too." Daphne giggled, "Get in here." She reached over the poolside to clutch his t-shirt. He assisted in removing it then backed away as Daphne held on to the shirt. Giving enough distance for them both to get a good look Brian untied his sweatpants and dropped them to his ankles. Both girls bulged their eyes at his huge cock full tilt and bobbing.
"Guess I better lose the shoes first." He laughs kicking them off along with his sweats. Spotting the ladder going over the pool he climbed up to get in, capturing his first look at Gwen laying there on the phone 90% naked herself, save for her bikini bottoms that crept deep within her butt crack. He was really here for her, but the sisters were too easy at the moment. He would work his charms on them first. He already had their enthusiasm peaked the second he looked over at Gwen, his dick grew another inch. Of course, as naïve young barely legals they presumed it was they whom got him harder. Let them think what they wanted.
Brian was intent on taking on all three girls in one morning. He wasn't sure if he could with their Mother and baby sister around, but fortune spoke and they were out of town, possibly long enough to give him just the opportunity he needed. Now, if only his Dad Bruno would stay inside. Football was his thing on a Saturday away from tree cutting. When both of his sons graduated after four seasons of H.S. Football he had nothing to root for. Well, accept for his stepdaughters playing Volleyball. Just not the same. The sport of drooling came to mind.
"Hurry! Get in before your Dad looks out and ruins this." Daphne reached up to pull him into the water. Splashing wildly upon his reluctant dive, water flew out hitting Gwen's legs, the unexpected assault led her to yelp and look over her shoulder. Shaking her head as both sisters clung to the side of the pool facing her she didn't see Brian. He was too busy underwater standing between both MJ and Daphne, fingering them. It was hard for the girls to contain their reactions but neither of them gave Gwen a clue. She returned to talking to her boyfriend. The second she faded in interest MJ glares at Daphne and whispers, "Oh my God! I can't believe he's here." To which Daphne concurred with a feverish yet impish nod, "Doing this...to us."
For the record, Brian Hancock was also on the schools swim team back in the day, so holding his breath extended periods was nothing to the stud. After a minute he lifted only his face level with the water to pull in precious oxygen, before sinking below. MJ twirled to face him, his fingers still within her sunken treasure. Leaning over him she gave him a kiss, blowing air into his lungs as if giving CPR. Jealous, Daphne repeated her sisters move only French kissing him before exhaling into his lungs. Grinning from ear to ear Brian submerged again, using inserted fingers to draw the girls closer to face one another with him in between. Turning attention to Daphne first he licked her clit three times before swiftly moving to do the same with MJ. The response above water became shallow yelps. They were acting goofy just in case Gwen snapped a glance their way. Too much fun.
Another forced surfacing Brian took the time above to sample MJ's nipples floating on top of the water level, his fingers still doing their best to give the girls a thrill. Moving from MJ's tits to Daphne the girls thought alike and crushed his head between both sets of 36C's. Stepbrother Heaven, he thought and feasted on both girls nipples, moving in a crisscross path between them both to never once make one feel more attentions weren't equal. Brian knew how to keep the count. With his finger frenzy stepping up another level the twins grew emotionally invested, clinging to one another for support. Squealing loudly as they began to orgasm, Brian pulled the girls under silencing them just in time. Peering underwater he saw their twin gushers rocketing out into the water. Damn those torpedoes, he chuckled under his held breath. Removing his fingers he repositioned underwater to eat MJ out. Holding Daphne firmly to observe his hunger. All up for air just long enough to switch places, MJ watched Daphne be fed upon. This was just insane. Both girls could not believe after all these years and crushes on Brian and his brother Jeff that they were finally getting to second base at least. Hopefully all the way if Brian was bold enough.
As air ran out the three surface their heads only and each make out with him. His tender moments were stealing the souls of little Mermaids. Deciding to nudge the girls aside he floats upward on his back, his nine inch cock popping up from the waters surface. "Up peniscope Bitches." He whispered to their awe. The twins share a moment of disbelief that led to a glance over the pool at the gabbing Gwen. She was just too into talking on her phone. Good for them.
Another glance toward the house for safety that Bruno Hancock wasn't outside being nosey they moved in for the kill. Both girls mentally agreed to share in the experience of both licking Brian's dick at the same time, MJ going for his balls, nibbling and sucking on their round succulence. Daphne enjoying his crown popping her lips over it as she drew it sideways toward her. Brian Hancock was giving both girls thumb sharks swimming back and forth with praise.
Time lost over their feeding frenzy which led into full on BJ by MJ, passing the torture off to Daphne to keep her whining quiet, the girls enjoyed their lunch. Holding his breath just before cumming hard to contain his snarl, Brian submerged his face, feeling his dick fire off multiple missiles. The girls rapidly went to work capturing his shots before they were useless spills in the chlorinated water. Intoxicated by his taste they cooed with flaring eyes. Once relaxed, Brian lifted his face above water to breath and nod his thanks. "That was just beautiful." He whispered.
"Yeah, it was." Came a voice from above. Tilting their gaze they discovered Gwen no longer on her cell, but instead curious as to why her sisters were being so quiet. "Hey Brian." A razz of her tongue Gwen departed. A swift rise up to watch her wiggle away toward the house topless made Brian groan. The girls knew he wanted Gwen too, of course he did.
"Is she really going to just walk in topless? What if my Dad is in the kitchen?"
"He took a picture of her new tits so it's not like he hasn't seen them. Gwen told us Bruno showed you. Horny old fart." Daphne giggled.
"Are you going to fuck us Brian?" MJ nibbled a fingernail with the most amazing sparkle in her unblinking gaze.
"Damn straight." He left Daphne behind to coast into MJ and push her body through the water until her backside touched the side of the pool. Lifting her legs around his waist he lined up and penetrated the brunette beauty. As he began thrusting Daphne swam up behind Brian and kissed his shoulder.
"Patiently waiting Step Brother." This led Daphne to playfully reach under his legs and squeeze his balls. Hearing his mumble of, "Hell yes." Daphne dove back under to bare witness to his big cock plunging in and out of her sister. Mesmerized she also found his butt pucker curious. Leaning in to tediously lick his anal cavity Brian chuckled into MJ's ear, "I should have chased you two in High School."
"Three. You would have gone after Gwen first." MJ whimpered at his persistent thrusting striking her G-spot with every pass. Coming up for air Daphne trailed her nipples along Brian's back to keep his interest. Reaching an arm over his head he gripped Daphne by her hair and drug her to his side, kissing her and planting her back next to MJ. In a move that shocked everyone Brian took Daphne's fingers and drew them in to rub her sisters clit. MJ tensed up, eyes bulging at the sensation of longer nails. Before she could react unfavorably Brian devoured her lips in a steamy lip lock. Daphne pouted at their passionate moment, but remained rubbing MJ. All new to her but she found herself unable to deny Brian Hancock's wishes. Heart beating faster she wanted a role reversal.
Vacant hand reeling Daphne closer, his lips moved from MJ's to storm Daphne, her reversal coming true faster than expected. Again shocked, Brian moved MJ's hand over to taunt Daphne's clit. Two for two, in a wild threesome.
Inside the Hancock home...
Gwen prowled the kitchen proudly in only her bikini bottoms and sunglasses atop her hair. Making a pitcher of tea she heard a faint growl once the faucet was turned off. It continued a bit longer so she curiously chose to follow the noise. She had a sneaky suspicion but wasn't totally certain. Reaching the front of the home in what Bruno Hancock called his mancave she found his sliding wooden doors closed save for a small crack, a peeking space in which Gwen did just that. Seeing his 80 inch widescreen TV muted to a very explicit porno she knew her instinct was correct. Shaking her head at him she began to give him his space until she heard the mute deactivate on low volume and the chilling childlike voice of a young barely legal girl say, "Fuck me Daddy." and the man saying, "I can't believe I'm doing this with my stepdaughter." Whoa! Gwen took more interest suddenly, to the point of trying to locate Bruno himself in the blind spot of the doors opening. Hearing Bruno huffing, "That's right, this big ole' boy fits perfectly in those holes. Right girls?" WHOA! Part two.
Gwen instantly knew that Bruno was fantasizing over she and her sisters. After all of these years under his roof, sure they would tease him at times when their Mom wasn't looking but nothing ever came of it. Innocent teasing really, a moon, a hop on Daddy's knee just for laughs then away they would go. Definitely, no intercourse. Rolling her eyes Gwen began to walk away yet again, two steps taken she hears Bruno groaning, "I've waited for those titties to heal just so I could jizz on those beauties. You owe me for paying for those Gwendolyn." WHOAAAAAA! Mind blown on part three. He singled her out by name.
Troubled by the verse it gnawed at her sensibility. She had to see a bit more. Using her hands she eased the two doors a bit wider for a better look. There was beastly Bruno the Bear sitting in his recliner in a bandana and a concert t-shirt of the Grateful Dead, jeans ruffled down to his knees. Eyes closed at the moment she took in his fist pumping a gigantic cock. She knew it was big, her Mom would brag at times. Not to mention all the girls had heard their parents having thunderous sex in their bedroom. First time seeing his monster Gwen stood impressed. He looked as if he were nearing a monster detonation, and sighed. Should she pay him back? He did buy her tits, well added to her savings to buy them. Graduation money.
Conflicted by stepping over a line that should never be crossed she closed the door before being caught. Attempting to tiptoe away she heard a deafening bellow of, "GET YOUR ASS BACK HERE." WHOAAAAAAAAA! Busted without even a hint of suspicion. Clenching her fists she hesitantly returns to the door and inches it open to peek inside. Bruno sat with his pants now up, she had obviously ruined his moment. Even the TV was shut off. "SHIT!" was all she could manage.
"Get an eye full Missy?" Bruno scowled.
"More than I planned on. I heard you groaning, thought the old man had a heart attack." She chuckled.
"Not yet. Still time. Let's not be spilling your guts to Carmen. I don't need another divorce under my belt."
"Bruno? You know I won't. Even though, you can't keep secrets either Buddy. You showed Brian my picture."
"Jeff too."
"What?" She laughed and held her hands over her beautiful bulging breasts. "Why?"
"I was proud of you."
"Proud? That's a laugh. I knew you wouldn't be able to keep that picture to yourself Old Fart. I'm not mad. Curious as to why though."
"Come on Filly. You know darn well you wanted me to show those off or you wouldn't have had me take pics."
"I guess. So, you're in here fantasizing about all of your stepdaughters?"
"Well, not Heidi, lil' too young. The rest of you? Ya caught me."
"Sorry if I ruined your fantasy there. I can let you get back at it, I just came in...for tea...zing. Zing Tea."
"That's in a can. You can't just make that." He chuckles stroking his beard.
"You know what I meant..." Gwen rolls her eyes, "Going back out to soak up the sun before Mom gets home and I have to put my top back on. See ya Poppa Bear."
"You heard what I said...every word."
"Yup." She pauses with gnashed teeth at his comment about her tits. "Please don't ask me to let you cum on my tits. I know you helped fund them but...kinda wierd Bruno."
"Fine...I'll just try and get Buster here back up."
"You do that. For the record Bruno? We do love you. Thanks for being good to Mom."
"All of you."
"We know. Trust me."
"Get out of here before I chase you around the house."
"Meanie." A quick razz leads to her removing her hands from her tits and shaking them at him, those marvelously erect nipples ever ready. It was the least she could do to revive Buster. Racing out she left the door ajar. Porno turned back on Bruno returned to his masturbation. She knew he would be fantasizing more about her than her sisters. Let him.
Back outside, Brian Hancock had instigated a make out session between the sisters. Turning his dicks attention on Daphne now. The girls were surprisingly eager to please Brian at every turn. Lust building to incredible heights and sensations Brian had both of them cumming hard. With no real boyfriends to satisfy their needs Brian's attentions came at the perfect time. Fortunately, for everyone involved their kissing contained loud cries of ecstasy. Brian Hancock had it all under control.
From the kitchen window Gwen watched her sisters making fools of themselves. Between the Hancock boys her own hormones were terrorizing her, nervously teetering up and down on her toes Gwen found her fingers slipping under her bikini bottoms. Lightning at her fingertips touching her clit Gwen whimpered, just as her cell on the counter rang. It was her boyfriend Braedon again. "Not now." She pouted, then snatched it up to answer him. "Hey Braedon. Can't get enough talking to me?" She giggled, still tempting herself.
"You know it Baby." He spoke from his car somewhere in town. "Let me come over."
"Bruno is here. Mom isn't though. Oh, and Brian dropped by, weird. He's in the pool with MJ and Daphne. I came in the house because I got tired of hearing them flirt. Oh my God!"
Braedon thought over the fact that Brian was there and he wasn't. Even after being invited out to the Needy estate to tap Margo the other night with some of his friends, he still found himself a bit jealous of Hancock. He worried even more that Brian might tell Gwen about his fucking Margo. Gritting his teeth he sighed, "So, no?"
"I want you to but, I know Bruno would tell Mom, you know she doesn't approve of you. I can meet you somewhere later tonight if you want."
"Family shit tonight. My Dad won't let me miss it."
"Oh!" She sounded disappointed, even though she wondered if seeing Braedon was a good idea. He did have a reputation. What guy didn't? Even Brian outside who tempted her on the job had one, yet she like her sisters all had crushes on he and his brother Jeff growing up. There was just something about Brian Hancock. "We can hang out when you're free. I'll text you my work schedule and we can figure it out." She decided, when she felt a presence behind her.
Looming over her shoulder she was smothered in beard. Bruno Hancock had stepped from his mancave to grab some tea for himself. With the pitcher next to her on one side, and clean dishes drying on the other Bruno rather pinned her in, his erection still proud rubbed over her ass, even with his jeans pulled up, the coolness of a zipper made her realize his pants were still undone. Eyes bulging, she listened to Braedon but was oblivious to what he was saying.
"When did Brian come over? That's a first." Bruno squinted against the bright light from outside. Jaw dropping he realizes his son was fucking the twins, "Ohhh, hell." In the crack of her ass Gwen felt his erection intensify.
"Braedon? I have to go. Bruno's behind me. Mwah!" Hanging up swiftly, she holds her cell to her chest and whimpers, "Bruno? You're a little close."
"What in the world is my boy thinking? Your Mom cannot find out about that shit." She could now feel foreskin warm on her flesh. He wasn't even realizing his dick was peeking out.
"Bruno?" She forces herself to turn in step to face him. In her predicament, she now felt his crown touching her belly. Glaring down at it her eyes could not grow any bigger. Patting his chest with her left hand she captured his attention finally. "BRUNO!"
"What? Oh, crap! Sorry Gwen. I have to put a stop to this. Our luck Bri will knock up one of your sisters. God help us if it's both." He steps back enough to let Gwen escape and fan herself at how close he had been, his big hairy body teasing her sent her already extensive hormones into overdrive.
Pulling on a belt loop Gwen tried to drag him from the window, "It's already happening. Just let it go." In her tug of war Bruno's dick toppled out over his opened fly. Turning to face her Gwen took a hard look at it. He was harder than he was earlier. "Crap, Bruno. No wonder Mom screams so loud." He looked down at his behemoth cock and smirked.
"She does get kind of vocal, don't she?"
"Vocal? Understatement. Will you please put that thing...away." A tingle between her thighs had already spoken, but no way was she going to fuck her stepdad. Bruno heard MJ cry out from Brian switching over to fucking her again, the scream inviting him to consider going out there raising hell. Growling, the bear began to turn when Gwen intervened. "DON'T! Let's go back to your cave and just let it go." She held a loop to each side of Buster trying not to look at it. "Come on! Follow me."
He huffed his cheeks and let her walk him through the house, she held both loops the entire trip, walking backwards, her tits bobbing before his eyes with no hands free to mask them. At his mancave she nudges him through the door and makes certain he was back sitting on his recliner. She then snatched up his TV remote and turned his porn back on. "You just finish your job. I'll go back and get your glass of tea." She took her leave holding her breath at just how far she was going to protect Brian outside. It should be her he was fucking, not her sisters.
Pouring Bruno's tea Gwen spilled a bit on her tits and the coolness sent lightning over her entire body. "Holy shit!" She eyed the trickles rolling down her monster mounds. "Fuck! What are you thinking Gwen?" Eyes closed to breath she shuffled back to Bruno's cave and sat his tea glass on a TV tray next to him, his jeans were completely off now, only his Grateful Dead shirt and bandana hid his upper frame. Wincing at his hairy legs and pubes Gwen watched her stepdad jerk off a minute before turning her back to him.
"You have a perfect ass." He growled, making her stop and look over her shoulder at him. "I used to paddle that ass when you got lippy, back in the day."
"I remember. Mom used to yell at you for punishing us. At least we had pants on back then." She snickered.
"Unlike now." He strokes looking at her bikini bottom bunched up inside her butt crack.
"You are NOT spanking me Bruno." She points at a hasty angle. Still, she shook her ass at him on purpose. "I'm going to try and break the threesome up."
"Don't...go." He narrowed his eyes grumbling.
"I'm so going to regret this." She rolls her eyes exhaling loudly before turning around and kneeling between her stepdad's legs. "Sit up and cum on these bankrolls, before I change my mind. Hurry it up, we don't need Mom to come home and see us doing this."
Without a word he sat up hulking over her much smaller frame, watching as she crushes her tits together, peering up at him with doe like eyes. That was all he needed. "Move closer." He encourages her until her breasts were just below his beast. He went so far as to slap his cock on them, her heart jumping with each strike to her flesh.
"Stop that." She giggled.
"Lean up and let me titty fuck those beauties."
"Nooo!" She shied a bit then took a breath and just did it. Wrapping his beast between both boobs she smothered his cock, letting him rise and fall between them. Looking down to see it he caught her off guard and literally struck his mushroom right over her pouty lips. She flinched laughing, "Too close Bruno. Behave."
"Funny how life just...happens." He grunts.
"You're telling me. Work harder Bruno, let's get this over with. One time thing. Don't even try making this a habit." She releases her constraint over his cock to free him up to jerk off harder. Subconsciously she found her hands rubbing his legs before realization set in and she pulled away uncertain where to place them now. It gave her a bad case of trembling. This was just too intimate. Hearing him groaning and sensing closure she primed her tits up to accept his load. Long minutes of expectation she again looked down at his crown poised at her cleavage. In doing so she let herself in for an unexpected splatter of cum. All over her chest in a massive eruption that just kept peppering her. He even shot her chin, a trickle creasing her lips. Not what she expected for certain. At his age most men don't cum so hard. Awestruck she opens her mouth and compliments her stepdad, "Holy shit, Bruno. That's like Christmas morning." Not finished his jerking shot a thin ribbon of his jizz directly into her throat. Cum on her lips trickled into her mouth to join the shot as she choked, making her wince and wipe her chin on her arm. It was too late, his taste was on her tongue. Whimpering at the taste she pouted. Looking down at her tits coated like snowcapped mountains she exhaled, "Daaamn!"
Before she could look up Bruno grabbed her by her biceps and lifted her into his lap crushing her into a bearhug over his chest, her tits mashing against him. Squealing at his aggressiveness she resisted only by her head darting from side to side. Another hefty lift, her tits were in his face. Yelps filled his cave as he literally licked his own cum off of her tits, sucking on her nipples. "BRUNOOOOO! STOOOP!" She huffed shaking really hard. Satisfied Bruno smirked.
"I love my own shit. Fuck that was nice."
"For you maybe. Can I go clean up now that you've defiled me? I need to gargle now." She tries not to laugh but it became impossible. Releasing her she sat up on his lap feeling his wet beast snake up under her legs and roll right across her bikini covered labia. "Yikes." She jumps and quickly crawls from his body and stands up looking at herself, his saliva making her tits shiny. Before saying another word she heard a set of car doors close outside. Eyes bulging she panics, "Mom?"
"Get to your room." Bruno leaps from his recliner to put his pants back on. Gwen darted out of the cave just as Bruno switched the porno on the TV to Football. Making it to her room Gwen raced to her bedroom window, lifting it.
"HEY! MOM'S HOME." She called out to warn her sisters. Both having cummed hard they were now just hugging to Brian's sides. Brian chuckled at how fast both girls left him to grab their bikinis.
"What's your hurry?" Brian laughed.
"Mom doesn't know we have such skimpy bikinis. We have to get inside before she sees us." Leaving his perch he wades next to them and steals their bikinis from their grasp.
"Better run fast. I'll just keep these."
"Don't be an ass. Catching us nude is even worse." MJ pouted trying to get her bikini back. Daphne gave up instantly and scaled the ladder to escape. MJ finally concluded it was in her best interest to do as her sister had. The trouble is their Mom was already in the house. That meant a stealthy crouch beside the houses West side corner. Listening through opened windows for voices to monitor locations.
Minutes prior to Gwen's warning her mother Carmen came through the front door and heard the sounds of Football. Entering Bruno's mancave she found her husband asleep with his glasses on. Noting an erection she grinned shaking her head, that meant sex tonight. Letting him sleep, she moved away leaving his door open a bit. He opened one eye feigning slumber and chuckled under his breath. Fun times.
Moving to the kitchen Carmen found the tea pitcher on the counter and put it in the fridge. Looking out at the pool expecting her girls to be swimming she found an empty back yard. Where was Brian? She had noticed his truck on the street. Frowning she made her rounds of their bedrooms only finding Gwen, now wearing tight shorts and a tank top, headphones on listening to music, her bedroom window opened for air flow.
Shrugging Carmen went to her own room and looked again out at the pool. "Hmm! It does look inviting. With Heidi and her friend running around town and everyone gone I think a nice swim might be refreshing." She strips down and locates her own bikini, one less risqué than those she would never approve of for her children. What she didn't know was that Brian Hancock, still nude was looking through her window. Waving the twins around the house to go in through the front door. Why they couldn't have dove through Gwen's window is anyone's guess. Panic was the leader.
"Damn! Carmen has a hard body. You go Dad." Brian admired Carmen as she bent over to step into her bottoms, a nice clam reflecting her future at sea. Standing up she turns to watch herself dress in a mirror, Brian scoping out perfect monster tits with only a tad bit of elder sag. His stepmom was certainly fit. Thus, Brian's cock was regaining a nice firm erection. Eying Gwen's window he shuffled over to it to see her laying on her bed facing away from him. Climbing in the window carefully, he tip toed over and crawled next to her. Gwen felt his weight on the bed and dropped her jaw. Brian lay nude beside her with her bedroom door wide open. Awestruck she rolled away quickly and closed her door quietly, hearing Carmen humming as she passed by going outside. Once in the yard MJ and Daphne ran to the front door and inside the house. Before they could even take a step further Bruno slammed open both sides of his mancave door. The twins froze in step, afraid to even cover themselves up.
"WE NEED TO TALK." He points into his cave. Both girls squeal at being busted and reluctantly shuffle into his chamber. After admitting to seeing them with Brian they cringed at his being upset over it. Forced to sit on his loveseat side by side he grilled them quietly so that their Mother couldn't overhear. He found it appealing to see the girls nude up close for the first time. Of course, he spanked both of them, after flashbacks of course. Definitely new memories were added to the mix. Finally, the twins were released to go to their room, asses pink from being disciplined. Even he found it amusing that the twins even allowed it to happen. He figured it was to keep him quiet from telling their mom. It worked.
Passing by Gwen's room the girls heard moaning, and glared at each other. Creaking Gwen's door open they found Brian now fucking Gwen in her bed, her legs wide as he pounded deep. Without a second to reconsider, both girls went in and locked her door. They crawled next to Gwen and giggled. Gwen was in too much ecstasy to tell the bitches to get out. Brian? His grin said it all. "More the merrier." Three for three.
Outside, Carmen enjoyed the peacefulness with the exception of a distant weed eater and some birds. A nice combination she thought, the weedwhacker did hum like a bee. She envisioned Bruno's erection and smiled. Hearing a faint moan she stirs from her quiet moment and looks toward Gwen's window. "Someone is busy. She must have broken out her vibrator. Enjoy yourself Baby."
Back door opening, out lumbered Bruno now wearing his own swimming trunks. Spotting her husband Carmen folded her arms over the edge of the pool admiring her adorable Sasquatch.
"Someone wake my bear from hibernation?" Carmen points at Gwen's window.
"Something like that." He was there to protect his son's stupidity. "I figured you might want some company." Literally, standing on Brian's sweatpants he felt his truck keys and cellphone beneath his bare feet. The boy was brazen for sure. How Carmen overlooked them was a miracle. He just hoped that cell never rang. Crawling up the ladder Bruno stood over Carmen and winked down at her.
"What are you doing?" She giggled. Diving in he grabbed her and a wealth of kissing consumed them both. Minutes later his trunks flew over the side of the pool. Seconds further out Carmen lost her bikini. The peaceful neighborhood grew noisier. True love was in the air.
Brian Hancock heard his stepmom squealing outside and paused to grin at Gwen. She yanked him down on top of her and held him to her, her eyes were totally in love. MJ and Daphne? They settled for kissing and caressing him as he and Gwen resumed making love. They knew they would get more from him at some point down the road.
Speaking of down the road...
Braedon Wilkes was driving around aimlessly when he spotted a familiar face. Pulling to the curb as two young girls walked along he tooted his horn.
"Hey Heidi, girl I don't know." He leered out his drivers side window.
"Hi." Heidi jumped giddily at seeing Gwen's boyfriend.
"You two need a ride home?"
"This is my friend Andrea. Nope! I don't wanna go home."
"Andrea, you look like a blond Selena Gomez."
That made the girls day. She and Heidi both giggled amongst one another.
"We were going out to Kinison Park to lay out. You can give us a ride there if you want."
"You can lotion me up." Andrea flirts. Heidi frowned at her friends boldness.
"This is Gwen's boyfriend."
"Oh! Oops!' Andrea cringed.
"A little lotion doesn't mean much. Hop in."
Heidi and Andrea sprint around to the passenger side and get in. A squeal of tires later, the girls were openminded. Braedon Wilkes reputation was going to precede itself.
Brian and Gwen? Sparks were flying.
MJ and Daphne? They enjoyed the fireworks display.
Bruno and Carmen?
"Is that a cellphone ringing?"
"Next door probably. Get over here Mrs. Hancock."
Whoever it was hung up.
Everyone was hung up on someone.