Three days after Margo Needy had reached her comfort zone... a few extra days just to let the boys stew over her true intentions. That, and to give them time to refill their gas tanks before a very long ride ahead. Pure evil, Margo Needy. Pure evil. Don't think they weren't getting frustrated with her. Calm before the Big Bang! She simply waited until everyone was off the same day together. Today was that day.
"Guys! GUYS!" Brian Hancock hurries to the basement family room of the Needy home, where they recently moved in to share expenses and to look after their somewhat friend Elliot's mom. At first neither Elliot nor his mother seemed to suspect their ulterior motives. Nor did the boys at first suspect Margo's own sly motives, so each of them thought, until picked off sexually one by one. Both Eric Crowe, and Heath Talbot knew better, keeping secrets from each other, including Brian and Cabot to let Margo taunt them before the reality that all of their fantasies would come true. They had planned well over the last year to seek and deploy.
"You have to see this." Brian waves for them to stop playing their video game in favor of following him. Deviously plotted by Bri and Margo he rounds the group up and riles their curiosity. They hesitate until he says, "Margo's wearing a reallllly short robe in the kitchen. I'm pretty sure there's nothing but skin underneath."
Without a breath to waste all three roomies Cabot, Eric, and Heath join Brian in quietly heading upstairs to capture a good look at Margo. It wasn't unusual for her to be so open when around the entire group at one time, yet it had been few and far between recently. Of course, they all knew how open she truly was. They had lived in her rented bedrooms for not even two weeks without so much as a hint of skin outside of yoga wear or a measly tank top, so they've said. Once everyone moved in her clothes stayed on unless she hunted mischievously and took them without the other knowing. The Cougar was good like that.
Brian and Cabot at least knew that they had both seen more of her flesh than they admitted to one another, when they brought her breakfast in bed. Brian had at minimum told the others of that incident, nothing more, not even sharing his cell footage of her masturbating as if dreaming. Their friends seeing more than they too shared kept the mystery lingering in the air. Now, she was barefoot in a silky kimono style robe that barely covered her hips and thighs. Margo knew Brian was leading the sheep to slaughter, yet she hadn't heard them, so was moving about without concern in making coffee and toast.
"Holy crap her legs are gorgeous. They look freshly shaved." Eric exhaled through puckered lips while spying around the hallway corner. As if he had never seen or touched them before. In his thoughts he was busting up laughing. If only the others knew the truth. HA! If only he himself knew the truth.
"Do you think she would panic if we just walked in there?" Heath wondered. He too played the game of clueless. He knew what Margo was really like, just as Eric did. The theatrics were for show and to terrorize Brian and Cabot. Eric presuming Heath, Heath presuming Eric. Too much fun. Clueless led to a very erotic dynamic.
Cabot, always the voice of reason puts his palms up to rationalize things, "We can't make her uncomfortable or she'll ask us to move." He knew there would never be that risk, but maintained his story, "We have to behave as if we're not there to drool. Let me go in first. Once she and I talk some, you guys can join us. Don't blow this on stupidity, we've planned our invasion for too long. She trusts us."
"Right." Brian nods, "Not stupid. You should do something to test her without making her think you did it on purpose."
Cabot unbuttons his plaid shirt halfway to reveal a very manly, nearly chiseled chest. With the looks of Brad Pitt, Cabot knew there was a possibility of temptation on her part. Although she sure didn't show much interest of late since their secret pantry love affair. Outside the massaging of her legs and shoulders in cutting up with them even he felt left out. Motioning the guys to wait for his signal he strolled around the corner and casually confronts Margo.
"Morning Mrs. Needy." He doesn't even check her out, merely stepping to the fridge and opening the door. As he ignores her Margo pauses and shyly pulls her cleavage together a bit to conceal stunning breasts. All in the game.
"Good morning, Cabot. Did any of you even sleep last night?"
"Not really. Day off today we all became video game junkies." He decides to pour a glass of milk, stepping past her to retrieve a clean glass from the dishwasher. Standing right next to her he pours his milk. He could tell she was a tad nervous. Not at all, but she gave him that impression knowing full well the other boys were close by. After a lengthy drink he looks at her and licks his milk moustache, "Were we too loud? You know you can tell us to shut up if we overdo it."
"No. Actually, having voices in the house is calming. I didn't realize until Elliot left that I'd miss something as simple as vocal habitation. You boys are fine."
"Good. You know we're here for you if you need anything. I know we say it a lot but, thanks again for letting us rent your spare rooms. I'm sure Elliot feels better knowing you're safe and that you have someone to talk to."
"I appreciate that Cabot. I feel so underdressed." She suddenly acts skittish. Oscar gold Margo. Oscar gold.
"How can you be? I've seen your swimsuit photos. Not much to those micro bikinis." He examines her reaction with a shocked expression which he turns to his advantage, "Aw man! I hope that didn't sound... you know?"
"Like a compliment?" She smiles with a hint of blush.
"It was, but after I said it, I thought it sounded ... I don't know... flirty dirty I guess."
"Flirty dirty? That's so cute." She smirks sheepishly, "You're fine Cabot. I know you're just trying to make me feel comfortable."
"Not working so well, is it?"
"I apologize if I wore so little." She hesitates to know her own rule against saying she or anyone else was sorry for anything was against her better judgment. Even she slipped occasionally. "I really thought I could come down and make my breakfast without anyone catching me." Eric had recommended she do just this via a text. In some fashion they had all instigated this moment. Even Brian who had raced down to report her being in the kitchen. That was after he kissed her good morning and palmed her sucked lightly on breasts.
"It's your house Margo. None of us are going to think badly of you. That robe is kind of cool. Are those rose patterns?" Speaking of rose, her nipples were as rose up as they could get, but again, that was largely due to a quite expensive surgery enhancement to make them absolutely perfect going without a scar even. Those nipples would never ever go down even if her constant thoughts of sex ever silenced. She would die turning on the Grim Reaper. Her doctor was one hell of a perfectionist.
"Cherry blossoms." She looks down at herself and releases her held together cleavage. Unintentionally, she looked up at him over her brows to explore his own reaction. He kept his cool and finished his milk. Hmmmm! She wondered why he hadn't even looked at her cleavage. This was a barely nineteen-year-old young man who was her first conquest, now playing naïve. She knew it was his protecting her planned strategy, but it still felt negligent. She had already suspected by his actions that the others were nearby, his eyes darting toward the entry to the kitchen multiple times. Boys would always be horndogs. He was still respectful. That alone made her relax a bit more. That, and the strong suspicion that they intended to play the game their own way. It was all coming to a head, she was ready.
"Shoot!" He acted guilty suddenly buttoning his own shirt, "I forgot I had my shirt unbuttoned. Sorry."
"Stop that! You know how I feel about that word. No need to be sorry Cabot. You live here now. We both know the boundaries." A subtle wink blind to prying eyes maintained their performance.
"Right! I think. So, I'm cool if I leave my shirt open?"
"Of course. You can even go without your shirt. Maybe not your pants though." She snickers. "Swimwear is ok."
"Dang! I was really hoping to live in my boxers." He chuckled.
"I suppose even those are alright." She shrugs telling herself that she truly hoped they would be bolder in the future once her taunting reached its pinnacle. Men nude in front of other men was always awkward, she would get them to overcome that silliness.
"I'm not sure if I could ever do that. I wouldn't want to embarrass you."
"Any worse than my embarrassing you in this skimpy robe? Or in Brian's truck that day going to Philadelphia?"
"Totally not embarrassed. You can wear less for all I care." He grits his teeth and adds, "That sounded awful too."
"Well, I don't know about that." She smirks nibbling at cold toast. Of course, she would. Lesser than less even. Before Cabot could comment further, his friends barged right in without warning. So much for a signal.
"You going to play GTA or what?" Brian abruptly entered with his arms to his sides. "Oh, hey Margo."
"Boys." She lowered her gaze again pulling her cleavage together expressing shyness. So not shy.
"You look nice this morning. Sleep well?" Heath smiles going to a cupboard and grabbing a bowl, from there to the pantry for a box of cereal.
"Come on dude Margo always looks nice." Eric leans on the island counter across from her.
Brian goes a step further and hops up to sit on the island next to her right hip. "Talk to Elliot this morning?"
"No. It's late over there. We haven't actually spoken outside of texts. We will skype at some point I'm certain." She feels warm all over at being surrounded. Strangely not one of the boys acted interested in her other than mentioning her robe. What was going on? Did they respect her way too much to even check her out? As a model who could easily be a porn star, she knew guys worshipped her every curve. The boys never really teased or flirted all that much anyway when together, only separately, but come on she was wearing way less than usual. Not that she demanded attention every second, yet something seemed odd. Not true, she did. Was her game so influential that they were locked into it?
Hearing her coffee pot beep, she opted to move across the kitchen in front of everyone and retrieve her coffee mug from the counter, before pouring a cup of Folgers finest. From there she opened a sugar jar, realizing it was nearly empty. Sighing, she took a few short steps to a cabinet above the stove. Reaching up into it for a bag of sugar she knew her already short robe crept higher. Without seeing it she felt the silky material reveal a healthy portion of her butt cheeks by half. Wearing a white lacy G-string thong, her band hid well between her butt crack, it was as if she were not wearing any underwear at all.
She shivered knowing that there was no possible way the boys hadn't seen her. Of course, if they, like Cabot, had seen her bikini pics from her days as a model, it would not be any surprise other than the fact it was reality. Come on, they had all seen those dance partners. Refilling her sugar jar, she slides the bag aside and adds two teaspoons to her black coffee stirring it in briskly. Turning her back to the counter she faced them while blowing into her coffee to cool it a bit. Heath merely ate his Fruity Pebbles, Eric looked at his cell. Brian stared off into space as if nothing had even occurred. Cabot rinsed his milk glass and dried it, before putting her sugar back in the cabinet for her. "Huh!" She fidgeted. Good boys indeed. Good actors too.
"Alright boys. What's wrong here?" She sips her coffee.
"What do you mean?" Cabot narrowed his eyes putting his hands into his pants pockets.
"I love the respect you have for me, but I'm not so naïve that you did not catch a good look at my butt just now."
"I did." Brian dared to shrug. "Seen one hot ass you've seen them all."
Eric lifted up from his cell, "DUDE! NOT RIGHT."
"Did you want us to look?" Heath stood with his mouth open mid chew. His game face was spot on.
"It's natural to look. I'm not going to get upset if you make comments now and then. As long as we all know where the line gets drawn."
"Yeah, but you're our friend's mom." Cabot frowns, "Wouldn't that be weird?"
"Can I whistle at you?" Brian chuckles.
"If you want to. That's innocent enough." She lifts her brows taking it without stress. As if one mind all four boys whistled in unison. Smirking she shook her head, knowing they would abuse that the second she allowed it. "There! Get it out of your system."
"You're going to regret letting us do that Margo. We have A LOT to get out of our systems." Heath laughed. Meaning jizz.
"I'll live with the wolf calls. Just behave yourselves."
"Margo?" Brian narrows his eyes.
"Yes, Brian?"
"Can we discuss this boundary thing?"
"Of course."
"Cool. First off, can I say... and I think I speak for all of us... we love you."
"That's sweet. I love you boys as well."
The group grins as Brian continues, "Secondly, we're glad you feel comfortable around us enough to wear that robe."
"Well, I hadn't planned on you boys catching me in it." Of course, she did. Eric grinned at his idea being put in motion, "I snuck down for breakfast before my workout. But yes, I suppose I'm comfortable enough. I did just test you guys by showing off my butt. I knew very well that young boys like yourselves could not be that respectful to even me. Besides... after the trip to Philly..." She left it at that and tilted her chin to sip her coffee, eyes peering over her brow.
"We respect you." Eric acknowledges his own thoughts.
"Good."
"Margo told me I could go without a shirt around her." Cabot brings up, "I'm assuming that's for all of us, right?"
"I can handle that. As I told Cabot, keep your pants on." She laughs posing with big brown eyes. She definitely wanted them to ignore that rule.
"No fair. You're not wearing pants." Brian jests.
Looking down at her left leg which she lifts to realize the truth in that, she smirks, "I guess you have a point. Swimming trunks or shorts is fine. I can't deny any of you that."
"Still no boxers?" Cabot winks.
"You're not wearing shorts, or a bathing suit." Brian points at Margo's bare legs.
"I thought you said it would be too weird to wear boxers in front of me. I gave you permission to do that, didn't I?" She rolled her eyes. "No Brian I believe you've caught me on that one. I'll remember to wear more next time. Somehow I just know I'll never see any of you ever wearing pants again."
"Question." Brian speaks up posing an index finger.
"Ask anything Brian. That goes for all of you. Some I might answer, others perhaps not."
"I better not." Brian fidgets.
"The only way for all of us to coexist under my roof is to get things out into the open and accept my thoughts on it. All I can do is give you an answer to the best of my ability. If it's too personal, I'll let you know."
"When you let us talk you into renting the rooms out, did you worry about living with four guys?"
"A little yes." That was a fact at first until her hormones spoke, "You boys have become like family. Thank you for making Elliot a part of your group, it meant a lot to both of us. I trust all four of you. If I were worried you might let Elliot down, I would not have been open to the idea." Ehhh! Not really.
"No, I mean the fact we're... none of us are fugly." Brian points out with a wave around to each of them, before ending his point on Margo. "You're smoking hot."
"That's sweet of you to say Brian. Now behave." She giggles again sipping coffee, her eyes sparkling at his verbal observation.
"Yeah Dude. Don't get us evicted. I like my new home." Heath grunts.
"No need to worry over getting evicted." She tilts her head side to side almost regretting her pep talk. "Unless of course you overstep said boundaries."
"What exactly are these boundaries?" Heath finishes his cereal and washes the bowl. Margo notes his timely act, it left a good impression on her.
"I love how clean you boys are. I would always have to pick up after Elliot." She shares. As the four young men await her boundary lesson, she mulls it over. "Boundaries should speak for themselves. Respect each other's space, especially mine. I can cope with most anything but, I'll admit I'm still grieving a bit; therefore, I might isolate myself from you at times."
"It's not good to keep things pent up Margo." Eric offers, "We're all ears if you need one... or four. Well, technically eight."
"Fourplay." Brian chuckles then looks spooked, "Sorry."
"Again, the sorry word. Wash that man's mouth out with soap." She giggles not even stressed by the foreplay/ fourplay part. "Thank you all for the offer. You can come to me as well if you need a good listener." Come to or cum on? All four young men thought the same thing at once.
"You better go deep. Explain every single boundary or Brian is going to cross it every time." Eric nods grinning.
"Deeper the better, right?" Brian pushes his luck.
Fanning herself Margo sits her coffee mug on the counter. The image of sex suddenly crept over her rationality. Brian was getting a little too vocal. Yet, she needed to keep an open communication going, knowing her game was in it's final moments. "I'll tell you what. Let me go get dressed and we can all meet in the living room and finish our talk."
"I thought you felt comfortable around us." Cabot scratched his head.
"I do."
"By you saying you're going to get dressed, it sounded as if we were making you uncomfortable."
"It's not anything any of you are saying. I just think standing here in a skimpy robe is only violating said boundary." Tormenting them was so much fun. She knew they wanted her wearing this robe. She wanted to wear less. Soon enough!
"Any worse than what all happened to you at Elliot's going away party?" Heath recalled her belly dancing and her waterlogged dress that was transparent. Losing her belly dancer skirt in front of 25 or more horny young men. The road trip massage where they had her 80% naked on the way home.
"Don't remind me." She snickers. Those images made her crazy inside.
"Meaning you think we're stripping you with our eyes?" Brian sighed.
"I know you are." She laughs pulling her slipped cleavage back together. In her coffee drinking and using both hands to hold the mug she had ignored it fanning open.
"Does that bother you?" Heath studied her.
"That I know you're stripping me with your eyes? Not really. As a model that happened every time, I hit the runway."
"Maybe she's stripping us with her eyes." Brian blurts out wiggling his eyebrows.
"Not helping Dude." Heath defends her.
"Boundaries young man." She leers at Brian with a pointed finger.
"You said we could talk about anything." Brian adds.
"You can. No, I am not undressing any of you with my eyes." That was a bold-faced lie.
"I think what Brian is getting at, is that we want you to be totally comfortable around us even in that robe." Cabot suggests.
"Fine. If it proves a point, I'll keep the robe on. Let's go into the living room and get everything out into the open."
"EVERYTHING?" Brian sticks his tongue out razzing her.
"You know what I mean." She frowns shaking her head, then just as swiftly smiles.
"Can we whistle at you again?" Heath winks.
"I'll try not to let it go to my head."
"It's going to mine." Brian hops down and plays the gentleman by gallantly bowing and casting his arm to offer her escort toward the living room. Coffee mug retained she thanks him with a medium curtsey. Passing in front of him Brian bites his knuckle at his friends who share a silent thumbs up. Margo knew they were watching her wiggle. Eyes rolling as she holds her breath; she tried not to think about the inevitable questions she was expecting to get. Hopefully, they would not get too personal about she and Darryl. As much as she wanted things to progress in an anything goes living environment, she did her best to contain her desires. Four whistles followed her all the way out to the sectional. She shook her head and took a seat toward the middle to access the coffee table for her mug. Cabot and Heath to each side of her, Brian took a seat across from her just in case he got a glimpse up her robe, while Eric plopped down to the far left. Once settled she held her knees tightly closed so as not to share her G-string with Brian. Although her game was in its final moments, she kept her perfected innocence sacred.
"Where were we?" She begins.
"Boundaries." Eric enlightens her.
"Right! For instance, if one of you bring home a date just text me a head's up so I can offer privacy."
"Same goes for you, if and when you start dating again." Cabot insists.
"That will be a good long time before that happens Cabot. But yes, I'll honor that request."
"You should date Margo. Don't you think Darryl would want you to find happiness again?"
"I know he would Heath. When I feel ready to let some lucky man in, I will."
Her words strike at all four of them, stimulating hidden erections. They all wanted IN. Only Brian didn't react by covering up his evidence. Brian was already rock hard and curious to see if she would take notice. Not so far. He really wanted to tag her again.
"Can I suggest something?" Brian was on a roll.
"Absolutely." Margo brushes aside her lengthy strands of brunette hair from her gaze.
"Can we just forget boundaries?"
"So, what would happen if that were considered? Be honest Brian." She narrows her eyes challenging him.
"We literally say what we want without any of us taking offense to it."
"Such as?" She listens.
"Careful Dude." Cabot worries.
"No. Let him say what's on his mind." She pats Cabot on the knee.
"I think you have perfect tits." Brian grins.
"They are pretty perfect, aren't they?" She surprises them, pinching her cleavage to look down at their fullness.
"I can see your nipples poking through your robe." Eric makes his thoughts known.
"Exactly why I should go get dressed." She trembles but keeps herself seated with a look of pride on her face. She knew this game of tease was destroying all of them.
"I think you should wear things like that all the time." Brian smirks.
"Oh, so bra and panties next time?" She could fight fire with fire.
"Works for me."
"I can probably do that as long as..."
"We keep whistling?" Heath grins hopeful she might agree. He knew she would.
"If you didn't, I'd really be offended." Margo smirks "What I meant to say is, I feel that Elliot might think badly of me if I did. He loves you guys."
"Wow!" Cabot shared a stunned expression, "She's messing with us guys. We understand Margo. None of us want to hurt Elliot." There was a tidbit of truth to that, not that much though.
"Or you Mrs. Needy." Heath expresses with a hint of concern. Yeah, right.
"I know you don't. I would never have agreed to let you rent my extra rooms if I were worried that you might. A bra and panties are essentially a bikini."
"That's true." Cabot nodded with a pucker. "We actually said the same thing the other day."
"But see that becomes a boundary, doesn't it?" Brian points out.
"I suppose it does. I know where you're going Brian. However, that is not in the cards."
"Unless we play strip poker."
"The Joker is in play today, isn't he?" She scowls. "I just think some outfits are a bit too revealing."
"Can we see your panties? We've seen some underwear pics of you in a catalog anyway." Brian persists.
Studying each of them she sighs, "If I can make a point then fine." Standing, she lifts her robe up to her belly button. All four of them lean forward for a better look. Her thin white G-string was lacy and slightly see through. Her butt sheer perfection as she turns in a 360. "Happy now?"
"Raise the robe a little more." Brian prods.
"Why?"
"Humor me."
Grimacing she lifts it another two inches. In doing this for him her robe spreads out over her chest and shares 60% of her breast's fullness. She hadn't realized the reveal until she looked down. Once caught on toward she drops her robe and reclaims her seat.
"Back to boundaries." She shakes her head.
"We almost saw your tits." Brian egged her on.
"Almost but not quite."
"Might as well just let us see them. No boundaries would go in that direction, right?"
"I never agreed to no boundaries Brian. We're just discussing the possibility. Behave yourself."
"Can we at least test the theory?" Heath grew curious.
"Probationary period of say two weeks?" Cabot puckers his lower lip and recommends the option.
"We all know where such a deal would lead." She creases her brow. Her mind saying, "YESSSS!"
"Let's try it." Cabot prompts, "If we offend you too bad, you can evict us."
"She's just worried that she might enjoy herself." Brian prods.
"Two weeks?" Cabot returns her earlier pat on the knee with one of his own. She eyed his hand nestling on her knee and sighs shaking her head. If she allowed this, she would probably put herself into more compromising positions than she could handle. Of course, did that matter? She wanted all of them. Still, the sight of four sets of lustful eyes did strike a sensation in her that was sorely missed. Sorely, ready to become an invitation.
"I don't know." Sure, she did!
"Here! I'll start." Brian interrupts her indecision by kicking his shoes off and standing up. Unzipping his pants, the guys all turn toward Margo to see her reaction. In seconds Brian had his jeans off and sat there in his boxers and t-shirt. A second to look Margo in the eye, off came his shirt. Settling back, he lets out a relaxing exhale, folding his arms behind his head and looking comfortable. His boxers were tented up and she could see skin through opened buttons in the crotch. Unprepared for his sudden move she spikes her right eyebrow. It seemed innocent enough.
"I already said you guys could run around in your boxers."
'Oh yeah." Brian leaps to his feet and without further ado, drops his boxers to the floor and stands tall, his beastly cock wagging in front of her. Sure, enough she looked, forcing her own blush to appear beet red as she looked away just as swiftly. Oh, her game face was so on point. You could cut the tension in the air. "Serving me my eviction notice?"
"It's going to take more than that Brian. Please put your boxers back on."
"I don't want to. It's not like I'm trying anything. I'm just showing you no boundaries means being a free spirit. You don't have to check me out... unless you want too." He chuckles sitting back down with arms folded over his chest.
"Brian..." She lost her train of thought trying hard to avoid his dicks solid stance. So firm, so big, so veiny and purple. "Oh, God!" She whimpered within her thoughts, "Take me already."
"I'll go pack my stuff." He tested her reaction to the possibility of her feeling as if he overstepped. Only for the others of course. He knew differently. Secretly, they all did.
"You don't need to pack Brian."
"Oh, I'm packing'." He laughs.
"No comment." She hisses while exploring the facial expressions of the other boys over Brian's crude display. None wanted to look at his pecker, but everyone wanted to look at her. Most likely to see how her nerves were handling this. "If I allow this, I expect you to be courteous, and not abuse my kindness."
"So, you're good with me walking around naked in front of you?"
"I suppose."
"Awesome. Thanks Margo. Goes for all of us, right?"
"How can I allow one and not the other? Just behave. PLEASE?"
"It's just skin Margo."
Hearing this Cabot, Eric, and Heath hop up and begin stripping down. She expressed a queer look as her eyes closed, pinching the bridge of her nose. In minutes all four boys stood naked with purple erections. She covered her eyes from looking at all of them. All of their game faces were dead on point. They all knew with bated breath that she was ready for game over.
"Best landlady ever." Brian chuckled.
As her eyes open, she looks around at each of them forming a disappointed scowl that falls prey to a thin smile, "You boys should get dressed." She knew they wouldn't. THANK GOD!
"Evicting us?" Cabot felt obligated to be certain.
"No."
"Then we stay naked. Your turn."
"I am not getting naked with you four."
"You're not running." Brian winks, egging her on playfully. All of them were ready for this situation to evolve so that they didn't have to keep secrets any further.
"I have no need to run. Fine! I'll allow you four to run around my home naked."
"You want to keep us naked I can tell." Brian keeps digging the knife deeper.
"Come on Margo." Cabot drops down next to her, his dick only an inch from her leg.
"Why so you can rape me?" She concludes. She sits forward slightly uneasy, truly thinking, "LORD please let them rape me."
"I thought you trusted us." Cabot narrows his eyes.
"You know what boys? Get it out of your system. Sit down and jerk off. I know that's what you want. I'll watch you, but I'm not joining you."
"I'm up for that." Brian moves in closer to her left stealing Heath's seat. He was already stroking himself before she even made the offer.
"Bound..." She starts to say when she holds her breath, "Two weeks. If I say no more of these shenanigans, you stop. If not, then we discuss new living arrangements."
"Like your bedroom?" Brian rubs her left leg as he jerks his nine-inch monster. She was looking that was for certain. At all of them.
"My bedroom is off limits gentlemen. Am I clear?"
"No boundaries."
"What?" She sneers.
"Leave your bedroom door open at all times."
"Why? You're not sleeping with me Brian."
"I just want to watch you sleep." He laughs. "I might jack off over your toes though."
Her brows peak at his boldness. Margo shivers as she feels his hand slip dangerously close to her inner thigh.
"No boundaries Margo. Try it."
"No sex with any of you. Do not push it. Am I clear?" That's it Margo antagonizes them. Putty in her hands. Pussy in theirs.
"No boundaries." Heath and Eric add. Both had already fucked her. They definitely wanted more. Hell, they all had, only they were enjoying this game of Hyde and seek as much as she was.
Cabot dares to untether her robe as she takes a deep breath. Brian's hand touches her G-string and massages her lightly. She doesn't panic even as Cabot guides her robe wide open. Breasts in total view now she closes her eyes. "Boys..."
"MEN." Brian growls at her.
Cabot encourages her robe from both shoulders, and she feigns reluctance then decides to remove her arms from it. She could not believe this was finally happening. The boys had already proven that they were not as respectful as she had thought, although they had joined her game separately without betrayal. Her game would take a new direction.
"Only one thing left Margo. you should do the honors, not us." Cabot smiles, "We still love you, Mrs. Needy."
"I bet you do."
"Still love us?" Heath adds standing closer as he jerks off.
"Of course, I do." Margo shivers eying his crown with interest. She remembered that dick well. Thirty seconds later she looks to the ceiling to avoid eye contact with them. Her arms cross to cover her nipples that were designed by her surgeon to be forever hard. Darryl demanded nothing but the sexiest. He also demanded that she never hide the girls as she was right now. This was merely her games closing argument.
"No boundaries Margo. Join us." Cabot adds another hopeful request.
"Don't make me regret this gentlemen." She lifts her butt up, abandoning her chest coverage. From there Margo reaches behind her to peel her G-string down over her thighs, gliding across her muscular legs, to her toes they went. A final sendoff left Margo Needy naked and impressive. The whistles returned in full force.
"FUCK YEAH!" Brian praised her, "OUR LANDLORD IS SEXY AS FUCK."
She smiled and shook her head, "Happy now? No boundaries."
"We should all stay naked the entire two weeks. Well, except when we go to work. Gotta pay rent." Heath laughs.
"Up to that Margo? Naked treadmill? Skinny dipping in the pool? Sunbathing?"
"I don't have neighbors to witness that. Fine!" Of course, that was easier said than done for all of them. Clothing would still be worn. Heat of the moment it sounded right.
"Leave your bedroom door open?" Brian rubbed her leg again.
"Yes Brian. Just don't try..."
"NO BOUNDARIES" All four recite as one.
"You know we want to fuck the holy hell out of you, right?" Brian moves in for the kill massaging her pussy. She gasped and looked down at her lap to watch his hand. Caving slightly at the unexpected sensations he created, she lifts her legs and places one on the knee of Cabot, the other over Brian's. "Right?"
"I know you do. I'm NOT allowing that. This is as far as we go." She knew that would only escalate their attempts. Fingers penetrate her hole enough to make Margo softly say the one thing that made their mission a success. She was breaking. "I need a body massage."
"We did that in Brian's truck on the way to the airport." Cabot winks.
Heath chuckles, "If Elliot hadn't been there, I think she would have let us massage more."
"We sort of tried on the way home." Eric sighed.
Cabot realizes their mistake but defends her, "She was to upset for us to push her."
"Your pussy's really wet Margo."
"I wonder why?" She shakes her head trying not to laugh.
"Should be my dick in there not my fingers."
"Not so fast Brian. Letall of this sink in."
"Sink in? This deep?" He digs his fingers in up to his knuckles. She lets out a dramatic exhale with an expression of awe. A confession met his intensity with one of her own.
"Fuck that feels good."
"You know you want all of us inside this wet ass pussy." Brian gets vulgar.
"Don't push me, Brian. I don't know if I can let my guard down that much. I'm ashamed I've let this go on." She overheats and stops Brian pushing his hand away. "Let me process dammit. Just... jack off and let me watch you." Cabot, Eric, and Heath understood her desire to get them all into a frenzy. They just jerked and smirked.
"Finger yourself. You have to cum with us."
"Fine! Give me room." She nurtures a chill at having two naked men so close to her, literally hip to hip, two others standing in front of her fondling themselves. "SIT!" She flutters her knuckles toward Heath and Eric. At her insistence they step backwards and find space on the remaining parts of the sectional.
"God, you're beautiful." Cabot sighs running his eyes across her body.
Trying to control her false responses was becoming tiresome. One second, she thought about getting up and yelling her frustration, the next she felt compelled to enjoy herself. The one constant within her was just how wrong this was. Yet, inwardly so fucking right. Before when they were merely Elliot's classmates she had never even thought of the boys as anything but her son's friends, now her new roommates. She had put too much faith in them, not wanting to live alone. Her better judgment should have been to find a female tenant. Yet, what fun would that have been? Taking a deep breath, she opts to look at each one of the young men individually as they stroked their cocks. With each confirmation that they wanted to see her masturbate she trembled. Of course, after sampling each of them over this past week she was ready to end her game and get on with reality. She wanted all four of these handsome bastards.
"I can't believe I'm going to do this." She rallies the courage to submit. Oh, she believed it.
"It's alright Margo. We won't push you any further." Cabot tries to calm her fears, knowing she truly wanted pushed.
"Of course, you will. This is what all of you have wanted ever since you met me. Just fucking admit it."
"I'm not denying that." Brian doesn't refrain from his desires.
"Admit it the rest of you. You only made friends with Elliot because you saw me at your school over a year ago. That and to meet my husband. Well, you met him. You must think I'm stupid. I sat in all of your laps on the way to the airport. I felt your erections under those cotton sweats. None of you were wearing underwear. Trust me I know skin on skin too. How could I have missed it?" She reacts to the fact both Eric and Cabot had had their dicks out while she sat in their laps.
Cabot halts masturbating to realize his shame. Even though Cabot had fucked her twice this week he still had a bit of regret over deeds done before knowing her better. In seeing him falter she rolled her eyes. Reaching out she grabs his hand and returns it to his cock. Everyone sat stunned.
"Oh, no you don't. You started this. Finish yourselves off."
"Are you going to play too?" Eric winces.
"We agreed on no boundaries for two weeks. FINE! I'll go along with that."
"Can we go a month instead?" Brian just didn't know when to stop.
"You know what?" She appears agitated just before standing up abruptly. "Let's just do this for the entire six months that my son is in Europe. Does that make you feel better?"
Brian tilts his head side to side, "I'm game."
"So, you will be naked for six months straight?" Heath grew confused.
"No. I'll wear what I please and go nude as I please. You guys just do what you want I'm not going to bitch you out."
"Alright." Brian sits up and reaches out to pinch her ass. She jumps at the pinch but just stares him down without expression. He grinned, "You like that, Margo?"
"Did I look as if I didn't?"
"Can't tell really." Cabot shrugged. He knew she did. They all knew.
"If I were mad, you would know it. I'm adapting to this no boundaries thing you guys seem insistent on."
"Still want a body massage?" Cabot tempted her.
"Every day."
"Seriously?"
"If you want no boundaries then I think I deserve that much."
"You deserve our dicks inside you too." Brian laughs. "It's in your thoughts now, isn't it?"
"I'm trying not to think about that."
"You miss dick, don't you?"
"What woman my age doesn't? You realize this makes me a Cougar, right? I'm what 12 years older than all of you?"
"Just think about all these dicks right here ready when you want it." Brian keeps it up. The others worry this was going to end badly at any moment. It was still possible Margo could actually change her tune.
"I can see that, Brian. If you're going to jack off, get busy. I need to get my workout going."
"We have all the workout you will ever need." Brian chuckles.
"Sit with us. Finger that pussy." Cabot pats the couch. "Please."
"We want to do this together Mrs. Needy." Eric winked.
"Hands to yourselves." She points to each of them. Her acting ability was star quality.
"No boundaries." Brian licks his fingertips which had been temporarily inside her, "Damn you taste good."
Groaning she turns and sits down again between Cabot and Brian. Stretching out a bit into a slouch she lowers both hands to her thighs. Right hand dipping in two fingers, left hand massaging her clit. Eying Heath and Eric she hisses, "Get busy." They jerked like mad men. She then switched her attention to Cabot, "You too."
Brian turned sideways in his seat facing Margo's hip and rubbed his crown on her flesh. She allowed it and continued fingering herself. Seeing Brian getting away with it Cabot attempts his own risk. Observing Margo's breasts bobbing about, he licks his lips and invades her space to flick his tongue on her right nipple. She flares her eyes and growls. "I said no touching."
'NO BOUNDARIES!!" All four boys bellow, forcing her to shut up with a stunned expression. Once she relented Cabot swallowed her nipple. She whimpered at his hunger and continued fingering. Watching Cabot tug on her nipple between his teeth she sighed softly and sneered at him playfully.
"I think we won her over guys." Brian chuckles, "You like that don't you MILF."
"Of course, I do."
"Margo?" Brian leans over her face to force her gaze. "Tell us how good Cabot's doing over there."
"He's doing very well."
Brian evokes curiosity, "What's going through that pretty little head Mrs. Needy?"
"That I'm the stupidest bitch in Pennsylvania."
"I'm sleeping with you tonight.' He huffs.
Her eyelids quiver as she studies his persistence. Inhaling deeply, she offers, "My door will be wide open."
"So will your pussy. When I stand in your doorway, I want you to lift your legs and pry that cunt wide."
"Oh, Brian! Your ego is so out there."
"I want you to beg me to fuck you."
"I'm not going to do that Brian." Every chance she could. Darryl's orders!
"Sure, you will."
"What makes you so certain?"
"Because you can't stop thinking about us now."
"I'll find ways to stop."
Brian smirks and forcefully pries her fingers from her pussy and places them in his mouth sucking them. She melted for an instant as he rolls across her without warning. Rubbing his dick on her pussy he blows into her face. "Maybe a sample will change your mind." The other guys froze at Brian's insistent move. He lines his cock up and penetrates her. She arches her back and yelps.
"Brian stop." She whispers. She remembered his beast well having destroyed her twice this week. Her games were nearing an end. Hell, they were long gone.
"Not just yet. Feel it."
"I can feel it just fine." She hisses.
Thrusting into her five times she digs her nails into his back roughly. He chokes up at her intentional ferocity. "You know you like my dick in that sweet pussy."
"Brian? I'll raise your rent." She grumbles. Her gaze reaches out to Eric who smirked, playing along every step of the way. Between he and Margo's agreement this adventure was certainly entertaining.
"Worth it."
At twenty thrusts she lifts her legs and encircles his hips. Her moans succulent and making the others jealous as hell. "Dammit, Brian." She huffs as her juices really get flowing. There was no stopping now. Brian was on a mission. As much as she feigned shock, Margo wanted every second of this. In her thoughts she was screaming, "FUCK ME BRIAN." Yeah, it became vocalized, "FUCK ME BRIAN."
"Cummin' inside too." He challenges her.
"NO! BOUND..." Cabot clamps his hand over her mouth silencing her. It was only a ruse on her part anyway. She loved cum firing up into her.
"No boundaries. Just enjoy us, Margo."
"God your pussy's tight. That or I'm just really fuckin' big." Brian boasts.
"You're... all huge." She flatters them whimpering.
"Just admit it MILF." Brian grunts.
"Admit what?"
"That you want to fuck all of us every goddamn day." She nibbles her lower lip while absorbing each of their expressions. Yelping at Brian's persistent thrusts destroying her G-spot she trembles. "Admit it."
"Yes Brian. I want you all to fuck me."
"Every day."
"We'll see."
"EVERY DAY." He raises his voice.
"Yell at me again." She holds her breath wincing.
"EVERY DAY." Brian rallies another storm.
"This sectional is killing my back." She finds her contortion uncomfortable. How that was possible after her legs behind her head three days ago seemed ironic. In a brash move of bestial egotism Brian literally lifts them both up from the sectional and stood erect. She offered a look of shock at his endeavor. He was holding her aloft with his cock never once leaving her. "OH, MY GOD!"
Walking with her, his hands squeezing her ass, her arms around his neck Brian Hancock made his way toward the stairs. "Let's take this to your room."
The other three weren't certain how to respond until Margo moaned and coughed up, "Are you coming or not?" All three followed closely behind, hands keeping their erections mighty.
"EVERY DAY." Brian stopped midway up the flight of stairs to twist the verbal blade.
"YES." She shivered and broke out laughing. "EVERY FUCKING DAY."
"THAT'S OUR MILF." Eric chuckled.
"COUGAR." Heath added.
"SLUT?" Cabot dared.
"I suppose I am." She giggled as Brian finished his journey at her bedroom door. Kicking it open he threw themselves on to her mattress. Repositioning toward the center Brian grabbed her ankles and spread her legs wide. Kneeling over her he destroyed her cunt. Margo Needy was quickly losing her mind.
"Get in here you pussies." Brian pants, nodding for the others to join in on the fun. Cabot reclaimed her right nipple, Heath her left. She massaged their scalps while enjoying their feast. Eric crawled in behind her head and dangled his beast over her mouth.
"Suck my cock MILF." She opened her mouth and accepted him, it was easy to tell that she loved giving head, her succulent moans of devotion let them all grow envious. "HELL YES!" Eric praised her.
"EVERY DAY." Brian grunted yet again. She nods with her mouth full. She was building one hell of an orgasm beneath all of the attention. Unable to deny them she screams without even removing Eric's cock from her jaws. Everyone felt her shaking.
"She's never going to want to kick us out." Brian grins. "Will you MILF?"
Shaking her head, no Margo refused to give up on Eric. Brian pounding harder than ever was fueling his tank for a final detonation. In a brash interruption Cabot looks up at Brian.
"Don't cum inside her. We all want to fuck her without a condom."
"Dammit." Brian pulls out just in time and showers her stomach, coating her belly button jewelry. They could hear her begging for more. Cabot took his turn reaching over her body to grab her by the throat choking her even as she gagged on Eric.
"She likes that Cabot." Heath smiled watching her reaction.
"You like being choked Margo?"
Another nod she cries, not from sadness but from her fantasies being met. Seconds later, Eric cums down her throat. Pulling out of her Cabot chokes her harder, "SHOW HIM HIS JIZZ." She did, her mouth was full of creamy goodness. "SWALLOW THAT SHIT." Shy obeyed with a smile in her eyes.
"Fuck me harder." She begged through a strangling whisper.
"I'm fucking Gal Gadot. HELL YES." Cabot laughed, hitting her harder.
"HIT IT BRO." Brian belted out, plopping down to her side to taunt her nipple by flicking it to watch it dance. Cabot removed his grip on her throat to let her react to his thrusting. "How's my boy doing MILF?"
"Wonderful! Please don't stop. Never stop!"
"Just Cabot?" Bri laughs.
"NONE OF YOU." She cries out cumming in a smaller orgasm.
"Oh, she can't get enough of us already." Heath smirks jerking off beside her.
"NO BOUNDARIES." She shook laughing at herself. Her sudden change of mind made them all smile.
"Six months of this sound good to you Margo?" Cabot huffs.
"How about a five-year lease for all of you?" She giggles arching her back, her toes caressing Cabot's thigh.
"Works for me." Brian puckers.
Eying Heath stroking harder she reaches out for him and secures a strong grip on his cock. He eased closer and stretched back against the headboard. Eric seeing him stretch out moved off of the bed and behind Cabot. He was waiting his turn to reclaim what he had a few days ago. He knew just how good that pussy was.
In a loud array of groans Cabot Ross pulls out and explodes all across her, joining Brian's damp recipe. Exhausted Cabot teeters just as Eric tags in. Out goes Cabot, in goes Eric. She gasped at the top of her lungs at his girth.
"FEEL THAT SLUT?"
"GOD YES ERIC." She yelps then whimpers, "Deeper. Always strive for deeper. I need to feel your balls every single time."
Plunging ferociously, she begins screaming, her grip on Heath suffering in the process. He found himself forced to take over again. Margo reaches toward Eric with pleading hands, but he swats them away and goes vicious, "DID I SAY YOU COULD TOUCH ME BITCH?" So unlike Eric. She retreats shaking like a leaf. "GET THAT HAND BUSY. HEATH MISSES YOU. AS A MATTER OF FACT, APOLOGIZE FOR LEAVING HIM BEHIND." There went her no apology rule.
"I'm soooorrry Heath. OH MY GOD. RIGHT THERE ERIC. RIIIIIGGGGHHHT THERRRRRRE." With a screaming orgasm as she reaches Heath unable to hold him due to her spasms, she tried to no avail. He understood.
"FUCK YEAH!" Was heard vividly through Brian and Cabot at the same time.
"Dooon't... stop." She mumbles quaking so hard her eyes roll back. Eric wasn't done. Heath seeing her dilemma said to hell with it and moved his hand in to rub her clit vigorously. The new torment made Margo intensify her persistent moans. The sensitivity was off the charts. Laughing, Brian stood up and ran behind Eric and reached under his slapping balls to put a finger in her anus. That sent her into yet another frenzy. In seconds Margo Needy squirted all over Eric's scrotum, and Brian's knuckles.
"AGAIN." Eric demanded. Brian introducing two fingers into her ass, finger fucking it with a steady devastation. She was a mess. Margo lost her sanity to all three of them. Cabot feeling left out moved back to her nipple and gnawed on it. She channeled his hunger into a third raging orgasm. In her sheer exhaustion she holds up trembling hands. They presumed she wanted them to stop. None knew Margo Needy! She could fuck for days.
"Not until Heath nails you." Eric sneers slapping her hand. She relents and closes her eyes attempting to control her twitching nerves. In a gross removal Eric's cock brings with it a web of cum, Margo was sloppy at the moment. Stepping off the bed allowed Heath to abandon her clit and penetrate her.
"So... so... so... big." She compliments Heath.
"Regret renting to us yet?" Heath smirks.
Her eyes spoke volume as her eyelids fluttered while trying to reply. "NOOOOO!"
"EVERY DAY." Brian goads her again.
"EVERY SECOND." She retaliates loudly. Amazed by her admission the guys nodded. They had her exactly where they wanted her. She had them just the same, locked in on her needs. It was time for Margo Needy to live again.
"HOME SWEET HOME, BOYS."
Brian patted her cheek for a final response.
"Brian?" She melts.
"Yep?"
"Take my bedroom AND bathroom doors off their hinges."
"My pleasure."
"OUR pleasure." She giggles.
This was the beginning of a beautiful arrangement.
"FUCK MY ASS HEATH."
Oh, he did. Doggy style, hair pulled, ass slapped.
Three hours later they let her take a nap.
In two hours, they would be back at it.
God help poor... four... boys. She latched on and never let up.
Conquest triumphant, their secret was shared. They all laughed about being left in the dark by their dedication to Margo. Now that things were out in the open? Margo Needy let her love be known. All four boys would share in her emotions.
This was the start of a long-term loyalty.
Her holes were theirs.
Slave to the GRINd!
Margo was on top at the moment.