This is the 3rd story in the series about Rodney's travels.
For some background about Rodney, I recommend to read first the initial paragraph in 'Rodney's travels. Manaus Brazil.'
Since Coney and I started 'going steady', some months ago, we discovered that both of us had fascination with travel and photography. We both loved the outdoors, hiking, national parks and especially places that combined tall mountains, preferably covered with white ice, blue rivers and lakes, green pastures and watching wild animals in their natural habitat.
A trip to the Canadian Rockies was an easy pick. The trip was memorable because of the cooperating weather, easy driving using a rented car, amazing scenery of rugged mountains, blue water everywhere and multitude of animals along the way, from black bears to mountain goats, from big horn sheep to moose.
Did I mention already that we loved the destination?...
One more thing needs mentioning. While both of us were avid (though amateur) photographers, this hobby connected Coney and me in another aspect. She loved it when I took her pictures. Initially it started with innocent, fully dressed photos. The more our relationship progressed, I found out that I didn't have to beg much to take pictures of her topless... and later totally nude. We began taking these photos indoors, but already on our first outdoor trip she asked me if I wanted her 'to mingle with nature'...
Here is probably the best place to describe Coney.
At the time she was 22 years old, 5'7", 130lbs beauty. Her long blond hair reached her mid chest. Her luscious lips were made for kissing or... never mind. Her perky B cup tits were only rarely covered with a bra and the constant friction of her nipples with the usually worn tee shirt made them protrude forward often... Her muscular flat tummy resulted from 3 times a week of exercises. The navel was decorated with a small blue piercing. Initially when I met her, she had light brown scant cunt hair, but within 2 months she waxed it all. Her pussy fold were neatly tucked and made for love... Coney's smooth ass looked cute and enticing, especially when she was walking. Need I mention that acting like a gentleman, letting her walk in front of me on trails was more of an eye candy for me than anything else... Her long shapely legs looked great with any dress or... without any!
From the start the photos I took of her revealed how very photogenic she was. And as I discovered fairly early, she had in her an exhibitionist streak as well...
Our plane landed in Calgary. We rented a car and 1.5 hours later we were in Canmore, the official entrance to the famous Canadian Rockies road. For a full week we explored the amazing area, especially Banff and Jasper national parks. In terms of pure natural beauty of the area, I'd rank it as one of my top places.
However, our physical fun happened to be between the 2 parks, in lake Louise.
The road to lake Louise traverse tall mountains, covered with snow year around except for late summer, when only the peaks are white.
We were fascinated by the unspoiled rugged look of nature at it's best and then a blue stain appeared in the distance between the mountains. The closer we were, the color became more turquoise, that was a great contrast to the brown, white and green on the ground around it. The famous Fairmont chateau was proudly standing, giving the guests the best overview of the impressive lake.
We stayed at the Post hotel in the village of lake Louise, about 10 minutes drive away from the actual lake. While it may not as luxurious as the Fairmont, the 4 star Post was an excellent choice - It was located inside the homey village. It had a great spa and better than average amenities.
We registered and then went to put our luggage. Our room was on the second floor with an attached balcony, looking at a breathtaking view of the mountains and the blue waters of the Bow river close by. A small parking area that could fit up to 8 cars was just in front of our balcony. Our car was there too.
It was lunch time. Our meal was simple and delicious.
A short siesta followed and at 4 pm we were refreshed and ready.
Coney stood on the balcony and sighed, "It is so beautiful here! I can stay here forever..."
"I agree. Do you want me to bring the camera and take pictures of you with the stunning view?"
"Great idea! Let me find something better to wear that will fit the amazing outside colors..."
Ten minutes later she returned to the balcony dressed in a short light blue summary dress. I always liked to see her in that dress, because it highlighted her blond hair and blue eyes...
I shot few pictures from different angles and showed them to her. She liked them.
"Coney, this dress looks almost perfect against these awesome mountains..."
"What do you mean 'almost perfect'? You nasty guy..."
"Perfect it will be with you were wearing nothing at all..."
She smiled, "I change my mind. You are not nasty... You are simply trying desperately see my beautiful naked body with a lame excuse of taking photos..."
"Lady, I admit that ANY opportunity I have to see and then play with your out of this world body, I'll take it with both hands, including now, of course... But don't you agree that the natural, uninterrupted beauty outside deserves similar beauty as God created it... without covering anything?..."
"Rodney, you are right, but my dignity was in jeopardy and I needed to protect it..."
"Coney, your exhibitionism in other places we visited before makes your statement irrelevant! In fact, I cannot promise not to ravage your body once I am done with the pictures..."
"You pig! OK. Let me take one of the small alcoholic bottles in our room bar and I'll be back in a jiffy."
Coney checked the bar and found 6 different wines & liquors. She finished the first one immediately.
In the room she freed her hair, put light touches on her face, applied red lipstick that was one of my obsessions and was naked under a hotel robe.
She reappeared on the balcony with a second small bottle of Chardonnay in her hand.
"Where do you want me, love?"
"In bed, waiting for me to attack your body like Hannibal did to the Romans! Sorry, I was just fantasizing aloud... Why don't you take off the robe and lean forward on the balcony's wooden rail while gazing at the distance."
Coney did just that. She stood naked with her face looking forward. I took some nice photos.
Then she whispered, "Rodney, if you look down, in the second car there is a guy watching me..."
She was right. A guy was sitting in the driver seat and was observing Coney in all her glory...
"Coney, we can stop everything right now... or we can give him a nice show that he will remember for the rest of his life! What do YOU want to do?..."
"What the heck... I don't know him. Unless you think that my body has major defects, I don't care and we can continue..."
"That's the spirit!..."
We took several additional photos of her smiling at me against the natural beauty by the balcony's edge. Then she sat on the wooden balcony edge with her legs slightly spread, facing the outside, nonchalantly gazing at the river's flowing waters.
Her daring, provocative pose was very erotic! What was this guy thinking about? He was still sitting in his car, staring speechless at a once in a lifetime exhibition of a perfect woman's nude body, displayed directly in front of his eyes...
Fifteen minutes of taking photos and then Coney said, "We'll never know how this poor soul feel after my naked show, but I am getting horney just thinking about it..."
"Sounds good to me! Shall I fuck you right now or you want to take a shower after our morning drive?"
"I'd like to sit in the bathtub for an hour with my Chardonnay, and then my body is at your service..."
Coney left the balcony.
I waved my hand toward the anonymous admirer and entered the room too.
Coney was sipping her wine inside the warm water of the tub, singing a familiar tune, when I heard a noise outside the door.
I went toward the door and found a card that was pushed under it. It said on the front 'Quentin Baker engineer.
Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.' On the back it was a short and writing 'I stay in room 115. I loved the show. She is beautiful! I would love to see her again, up close if possible...'
I called room 115. A deep voice answered, "Hello, this is Quentin."
"I am the guy who took the pictures on the balcony... What did your words on the card mean?"
"Exactly what I wrote. Your lady looks gorgeous, sexy and obviously not shy about it. So if it's possible... I'd be extremely grateful if I can see her better..."
I was thinking to myself, 'She is sitting in the tub, half dozing, having happy time... And knowing that he was ogling her, made her horny... He didn't look or sound threatening... Why not let him in our room, to watch her in the tub from the bathroom entrance...'
I asked him to stay on the phone.
I went to the bathroom and told Coney about the conversation I had with Quentin. "He sounded very appreciative of your erotic display on the balcony. Is it OK if I let him in so that he can watch you in the tub?..."
"Rodney, I was just thinking in what position I am going to rape you after I am done... So I am very horny now! If you promise me that it's safe, you can let him in. TO WATCH ONLY!"
I took the phone and said to Quentin, "If you are by our door in the next 5 minutes, I'll let you in. You can ogle her from the bathroom door. She agreed..."
Exactly 1 minute later I heard a soft knock on the door.
I opened it. Quentin looked about 40 years old, slightly less than 6' and well built.
I led him to the bathroom. He stood by me with his mouth open.
Coney was leaning backwards with her hair tied and eyes closed. Her perky tits were above water, gently swaying from side to side. A short time later she put soap on her palms and slowly began massaging her boobs with it. Her nipples hardened.
Quentin's pants started tenting. He didn't move an inch.
Then Coney opened her eyes, stretched her arms upward, lifting her perfect breasts with a super sexy act... She looked at Quentin's direction and smiled...
He whispered, "You are so pretty! And your body is... ideal!..."
He moved toward the door mumbling, "If you plan to take more pictures of your astounding woman, I'd love to watch it... BTW, my room has a better view, so if you wish to take the pictures there, it will be my honor to accommodate you two..." And then he left.
By the time Coney was out of the bathroom I had time to think. 'Looks may be deceiving, but he was not rude and his demeaner did not show aggressiveness... Why not enjoy the new erotic environment that this place offered?..."
Coney came out naked, "I dried myself as much as I could, but for some reason one area of my body refuses to dry up. Can you help me please?..."
"The slut obviously enjoyed her own show too much... I'll try my best, lover..."
I undressed quickly and found her soft body ready in bed.
I kissed her lips, which readily opened for my tongue. Her hard nipple was against my chest for less than a second before my palm grabbed it and started tweaking it. Her muffled sounds reminded me that she did not need too much foreplay to reach her first climax.
My hand trailed to her cunt.
My lips disengaged from hers and I whispered, "I see that adding another person makes you lose it... Would you like to have another picture session, this time in his suite? He says that his place is much better than ours to get the photos we want..."
"Honey, right now I'll agree to anything you want!... Yes, I liked to watch his reaction to seeing me up close. It's so easy to arouse men... and it's fun too... In this case I became horny as well. Was it the wine? The kind of pictures you took? Seeing him looking at me without embarrassment or shame... I don't know. Again, it's up to you to make sure that everything is safe and under control. And then I'll do it! Now stop torturing me and put your big schlong inside my pussy. I need my orgasm before I die of old age!..."
I moved between her spread legs.
Her hands pulled my ass cheeks into her and my erect cock slid uninterruptedly into her hungry soaked vagina.
"That's what I wanted," she whispered, trying to force my heavy body in and out of her.
I knew Coney well... Her first orgasm was usually an appetizer to a series of several others, culminating in a last, big one...
Accordingly, I buried my cock inside her tunnel, waiting for it to slightly stretch further.
Her snatch was wet and tight, but it accommodated my girth in a short time, letting my still slow movements to continue nicely.
"Please, Rodney, don't play games... I want you to fuck me hard right now!..."
"Dear, of course I'll do it... in due time! You know, I saw Quentin's face when he watched your tits above water in the tub. He licked his lips... I think he wanted to lick your nipple and then suck it..."
"Rodney, I am so aroused that telling me that may take me over the edge... But I still want to feel your pole digging deeper in me!"
"And the tent in his trousers suggested that his dick wanted on the action too..."
Coney gasped and her body started shuddering. Her first climax began as a result of hearing about Quentin and without too much effort on my side... It gave me an idea...
As her body began recovering, I drove my organ faster into her, raising her excited state again.
She whispered, "That's it... Give it to me big boy..."
I increased the pace further and whispered in her ear, "I am going to take pictures of you naked on his balcony. He will be very close, his eyes focused on your nice perky boobs and... bald cunt. I'll then order you to go to his bed, lie down and play with yourself for the camera! I'll undress and fuck you right there on his bed!..."
"Yes Rodney, do it! Fuck me in his bed... Let him see you penetrate me and ravage my body..."
"Coney, I'll do it. But it's not nice to arouse the host and leave him with blue balls... I think you'll have to help him..."
"Rodney, if I am as aroused and ready as now, I'll be happy to have both of you doing everything you wish... as long as I also get to climax..."
"If you play nicely, we might consider the remote possibility of letting you have fun too..."
"You jerk! Stop torturing me with your stories!!! I need your huge cock pounding me like there is no tomorrow! I promise to be nice... So, please... let me cum again!..."
I used the traditional missionary position to shove my organ fast and rough until she orgasmed again.
After a short pause I positioned her on her elbows and knees in a doggy style, and without too much fanfare inserted my engorged cock all the way to the hilt.
Her face rested on the pillow with whimpering sounds barely heard.
I held her hips and began again in and out continuous movements.
Once she got used to the new position, my hand slapped her butt cheek. She gasped.
The next slap, on her other cheek, arrived shortly after.
A series of further smacks followed with rapid succession and increased force.
Coney's next climax happened during the time she got whacked.
Her cries into the pillow were accompanied by strong shivering of her body.
I slowed down, letting her body recover, preparing for the grand finale.
As her face lifted from the pillow, I increased the pace of fucking her used cunt.
My right hand moved forward, finding her sensitive clit. I twisted it lightly and her body started jolting again.
I used my other hand to lubricate her crack and then inserted a finger inside her puckered hole.
Coney's body leaped forward and a loud scream came out of her open mouth.
Her body was now flat on her tummy with her legs spread open, with my right hand fingers playing in her matrass bound pussy and another finger of mine rotating inside her anus.
Her body was initially bouncing from side to side, but then the movements became erratic, with both her sphincters contracting every 2 seconds as her orgasm hit her like a brick.
Seeing Coney like that always led me right to my own happy place.
Few short seconds and I erupted in her pussy, sending hot lava toward her womb.
Her screams started diminishing only after my powerful climax ended. Her sweaty body gradually began relaxing.
Few moments later she opened her eyes, smiled at me, leaned her head on my chest and said, "You are the devil incarnate... I have no idea how you can make me so horny... Your fantastic stories and great body make my knees quiver and I am ready to do everything for you... I absolutely adore the heights you make my body reach... I am exhausted, but very happy now. And as promised, you take care of the arrangements, including making sure that I have some alcohol... and I'll be ready for you two..." and then she fell asleep.
I called Quentin's room. He was in.
"Quentin, tomorrow morning we'll go to eat around 8. We'll be at your door at 9:15. Be sure to stay in the room. My suggestion is that you arrange your suite to look nice, keep wine, preferably Chardonnay if you have one, on your balcony and near your bed. Take a shower and shave in the morning and be sure to have a condom ready. Now if any of my recommendations are NOT what you really want to happen, let me know and both Coney and I will find other types of entertainments for ourselves..."
"Sir, please... I didn't expect this to happen, but my imagination was running wild... I would absolutely love to have an opportunity like the one you offer!..."
"Quentin, one more thing - Don't talk, unless you have to. I know what Coney likes to hear and I'll do much of the talking. You just be ready and I'll signal you when time comes..."
"By 9:10 am I'll be ready in my suite. And... thank you..."
Coney slept through dinner time. I watched TV.
At 8:30 pm my hunger forced me to go down to the restaurant. I took soup, salad and a plate of grouper to go.
As I opened the door Coney woke up, "What time is it?"
"It's 9 in the evening. I brought some food. We can eat here."
She chose the soup and half the salad. I ate the rest.
"Rodney, I still feel my body slightly shaking after our wild ride... You are such a waste doing ANY work... You should have been a sex worker... I'm too tired to go downstairs to the bar. What's the plan for tomorrow?..."
"We'll have breakfast at 8 am. At 9:15 I'll shoot more pictures of you in Quentin's suite."
"OK with me, but I am not going to talk!... So you better make sure that your plan is going right. And please remember, being an exhibitionist and playing with myself in front of an audience is not the same as being involved in a threesome, especially when one of the men is a total stranger... If you see that I suffer, do not force me to do things I don't want to..."
I kissed her lips fondly, "My dear, the number one focus of tomorrow is YOUR enjoyment. Yes, I want everybody to have fun, but if there is even a remote chance that YOU are not pleased, the whole charade will be terminated as soon as possible!"
"I trust you... You are a good guy, and... a perfect lover!..."
Moments later Coney was asleep again.
I watched the news for another half an hour and then went to sleep too.
I woke up at 7 am. Coney was still dreaming...
I went to the bathroom, shaved and took a short shower. I brushed my teeth, did my hair and felt much better.
When I exited the bathroom, Coney was by the door, "I need to pee and take a shower too. I feel sticky..."
At 8 am we were having a breakfast buffet. It was a good one.
Quentin did not show up for breakfast.
By 8:30 we were back at our room.
Coney sipped white wine.
She never drank alcohol in the mornings before, but it helped her calm her nerves, I was for it...
"Rodney, what do you want me to wear for the... photo session at Quentin's?..."
"Any kind of a short summer dress will do, especially if you have nothing underneath..."
I looked in her suitcase and chose a white one with red pocodots. The thin shoulder straps kept it up. The dress highlighted her nice cleavage. The bottom part was a flowing swing kind.
At 9:20 I knocked on his door. He opened it and his eyes were glued to Coney's body.
She smiled, "Hi Quentin, and by the way, my eyes are slightly above the area you are looking at..."
He blushed profusely, "Sorry... Here, let me show you around, so you can choose the best places to take pictures."
He led us to his balcony. It was a corner place and the long balcony extended through 90 degrees in 2 different directions. Then he showed us the rest of his luxurious suite. It had a larger than average king size bed, nice pictures, a big bar filled with all sorts of snacks and drinks. I noticed 2 large open bottles of Chardonnay with glasses placed one on the balcony and another one by the bed.
I poured the white wine into a glass and gave it to Coney.
She chugged half the glass immediately.
The bathroom was large and had multi-head shower and a jacuzzi tub. Not bad!...
I looked at Coney. She Liked the suite and seemed more relaxed now.
"Coney, let's have some pictures on the balcony. On this side the sun rays will reflect beautifully on your blond hair. In the photo it may appear golden..."
I leaned her on the wooden rail. She smiled at me and I shot some great pictures.
Meanwhile Quentin stood back silently and observed intently.
"Now sit on the chair... spread slightly you legs and lean backwards. Lift your face and close your eyes... You are now tanning your pretty face..."
"Coney, with the dress as is, your upper chest will be much darker than your lower part. Why don't you lower the upper part and let your whole chest enjoy the warm sun..."
Coney did not hesitate. She pushed both straps to the sides and the upper part of her dress fell down, exposing her marvelous tits... "Is this OK?"
"Perfect my dear... ABSOLUTELY PERFECT! Am I right Quentin?..."
Quentin stood stunned as if a lightning hit him. Then he woke up, "Yes, of course... lady, it is really by far the most perfect I've ever seen..."
"Coney, lean backwards again. You are trying to tan your chest, but it may be too hot for your tummy, so put gently your hand across your flat belly..."
She did it and her smile grew. I wasn't sure why.
"Coney, your tits are too enticing. I would love to play with them... but, I take pictures now. Can you move your hand to your closest breast and tweak it for me please..."
Slowly her small hand moved upward. It circled her areola. She placed it underneath her heavy boob. Coney lifted it gently and then gradually began to massage her breathtaking tit, barely touching her hardened darker nipple.
Her eyes were half open and her smile broadened further.
I noticed that her eyes were pointing at Quentin's direction.
I looked at him. The front of his pants bulged, threatening to rip his zipper...
Obviously Coney entertained herself seeing Quentin's dick trying to break free...
"Coney, these photos were very good. Now let's try tanning your lower part... Shall we..."
Again, no persuasion was needed. She lifted the bottom part to her tummy, exposing her upper thighs, bald cunt and lower abdomen to... the sun.
"On second thought, this series of pictures will look better without the dress. Let's get rid of the dress..."
She removed it in one move and remained completely naked. Her eyes were focused on Quentin's groin, that was surprisingly still growing...
I shot her leaning on the rails with her breast crushed against it and then leaning backwards on it with her legs spread. The moisture on her pussy folds was noticeable...
"Dear, we got enough pictures here. Let's have some on Quentin's bed. It's a large one and we can find nice poses for you..."
She didn't say anything.
She approached the bed. The dresser on one side had the wine bottle, alarm clock and an open book. Clearly this was the side he slept on.
She moved everything carefully to the side, put her now half full glass nearby and lied backward on the clean sheet.
"Coney, your nude body looks so inviting in Quentin's bed. Look at me..."
And yes, my cock was also feeling the urge to participate in the party...
"Rodney, if you want to join me here, it will be my utmost pleasure..."
"I know dear, but this will be unfair to our gracious host... As both of us can see, he likes what he watches and at this point some reward for his allowing us to use his home for our pleasure will be a good idea... I think that your fantastic tits are currently his main attraction. Can he touch them... Please..."
She looked at both our faces, but said nothing.
"Coney, Will you, please, ask Quentin to come closer and feel your amazing mummeries..."
She looked at Quentin and hesitantly whispered, "Quentin, come closer. You can touch my breasts..."
Quentin moved half hypnotized toward her. His hands didn't move.
Coney took one of his hands, placed it in the middle of her chest and let go.
His palm started slowly trailing in a circular way around one of her boobs, gradually closing in on her protruding nipple. As he touched it, she sighed and her chest moved upward into his palm.
He came closer, placing both hands on her accepting tits and massaged them both.
The front of his pants was pushing so hard, that I wasn't sure how it didn't reach Coney's body yet...
Coney's eyes were shut. She was relishing his good hands roaming over her beautiful tits.
Her own hand was probing her cunt. Slippery sounds were heard.
"Coney, both you and Quentin enjoy an erotic tit massage, but there is one organ of his, that is caged and suffering. Please let it free and see if you can make him feel better..."
Coney, by now tipsy and aroused, did not need much convincing. Her hand easily found his massive bulge and caressed it lightly before trying to open the zipper.
She needed both hands to overcome the sheer force of his forward pushing erection.
She slowly lowered the zipper.
At one point his engorged prick was free enough to jump out. It was a massive 8 or 9 inches long, very thick and hard like a rock...
She stared at it and her breathing stopped for a couple of seconds.
She touched the huge spongy head and then moved to the smooth shaft. She bobbed it slowly with her palm.
Then she looked at Quentin's stunned face, smiled and wrapped the head with her lips.
Her pouty lips were barely able to do it, but... she did it!
Her tiny hand contrasted with his huge tool. It moved to lightly massage his hairy sac.
Her face was gradually taking more and more of his cock into her mouth, but after 2/3 were in, she started gagging. He was all the way to her back palate...
She patiently bobbed up and down...
Then he removed his cock from her expanded mouth and whispered, "Lady, you are the best, but I am afraid that if you continue, I'll cum too soon... I want to pleasure YOU now!"
He undressed quickly and moved in between her wide open thighs.
Coney lifted her head and watched him starting at her navel and then descending onto her exposed pussy.
He pushed his whole face inside the cavity and hummed softly, creating vibratory waves that shook her to the core.
Her head fell backwards and audible moans came out of her. Her hands held his head to keep doing it.
Quentin's tongue found her engorged clit and lightly stirred it from side to side.
This guy definitely knew his stuff - Her arousal grew exponentially by the minute!
It was time for me to join.
I knelt by her head, turned her face in my direction and my stiff member touched her lips.
Instinctively her lips opened for me and she invited it into her warm mouth.
My hand rubbed her pointy tit, from time to time squeezing the nipple.
Coney's muffled sounds became louder and less coherent. She was close to cumming.
I signaled to Quentin that it was time for a full press assault on target.
With his head still buried in her pussy, a wink told me that he got the message.
Two of his fingers dug their way in her hole, roughing the G spot and his lips vacuumed her sensitive clit.
And I began fucking her face, holding the back of her head.
Her loud cry was barely heard with my large cock occupying most of her mouth cavity.
As her body tilted from side to side during her big 'O', my organ began spurting it's load into her expanded throat.
Her high pitched sounds abruptly stopped, as her throat muscles tried to swallow the copious amount of semen that was suddenly threaten to drown her. Though her body continued shaking.
My deflating cock remained in her mouth after I was done. Her lips and tongue continued sucking all the residue.
It stayed later still. She used it as a pacifier. Yes, Coney loved to feel her mouth full. An oral girl...
We let Coney rest for few minutes. Then she opened her eyes.
She took my spent dick in her palm and smiled at Quentin, "Mister, you were very good to me... I think that I'd rather feel another part of you inside of me now, but, please, take it easy..."
He smiled back at her, "Ma'am, it was simple. Body like yours a man encounters once in a lifetime... I became obsessed with your beautiful body the first time I saw you on the balcony. But never in my wildest dreams did I have the hope to have sex with you. It's a real honor!..."
Coney blushed, "Oh stop with the compliments and show me how much you really want to impale my body!"
I whispered to him, "Quentin, the condom!..."
He nodded, took one of few condom packets that were on the dresser and stretched it over his huge tool.
His cock head barely touched her folds and her body shivered.
He let it in slowly, but continuously. At 3/4 the way he stopped, likely reaching her cervix.
His back and forth maneuvers gradually increased as her tunnel learned to accommodate his big shaft.
Within seconds Coney began moaning again. His large girth was filling her to the rim, taking her to extreme height faster than ever before...
Her hand pulled his thighs toward her, forcing his cock deeper inside her snatch, until he was all the way in...
Quentin was still doing it at a slow pace.
"Quentin, fuck me harder! I want your giant thing deeper in me... NOW!... PLEASE!!!"
He looked at me. I nodded 'yes'.
He pushed her legs sideways and began plowing her in earnest.
Her eyes turned in their holes as her body started dancing around aimlessly...
I reinserted my now half erect cock into her open mouth, hoping to dampen her screams.
How could she suck me so expertly while her body was all over the place during her second orgasm was beyond me, but she did...
Two minutes into her orgasm I heard Quentin groan. His body extended and all the classic signs of him cumming were there. Was his condom still on?...
Few seconds later he rolled over to her side and tried to regain his breath.
I watched his sweaty body - The condom was still well attached to his distended pole with an ounce of whitish fluid at the covered tip...
He looked at me.
I signaled 'thumbs up' and smiled at him. "You did great," I whispered.
Before we left his room Coney kissed his cheek, "You were awesome! And it's not just your size... It's your attitude and dedication! You are a wonderful fucker!... Thank you!"
Quentin blushed again, "Lady, you were fantastic yourself... I am sure that if I tell my friends that I had sex with the prettiest and sexiest woman in the world, they'll never believe me..." He turned to me, "You took many pictures of Coney and then photos of Coney And me in bed. I would really love it if you can send me some of these... You can obscure the face, so that nobody recognizes her, although it will be a pity - her face is so pretty..."
"Quentin, I promise to think about it... Take care."
The next day we continued north toward Jasper park.
We never saw Quentin again.
I sent a couple of Coney's pictures with her head slightly tilted, so the blond hair covered most her facial features. I added 2 more photos of them two entangled together, making sure that both faces were not visible...
Two days later I got an e-mail back, 'To Coney and Rodney, thank you for letting me take part in your fun day at lake Loise. I'll always cherish that day as the best one in my life. If you ever visit western Canada again, let me know. I can serve as a tour guide, or help you guys accomplish another one of your amazing dreams. Yours, Quentin.