The last thing Carrie needed today was to suffer through some stupid district meeting for her company. She was stressed out over being dumped by her boyfriend, overdue projects, and to top it off - a bad hair day. But this was for executives and their secretaries, so she was stuck.
Fuming over wasting the whole day, Carrie flopped into the corner chair in the back row of the company's fifth floor conference room. The seats were filling up fast, and she saw very few people she knew, so she resigned herself to hours of surfing the web on her cellphone. The lights were dimmed for the slideshow; no natural light came in as there were no windows since the room was used only for presentations. Besides the empty seat next to her, she only saw a few more around the room. When the dozens of people standing around had to play musical chairs it was going to be standing room only.
Sighing as yet another suit squeezed past her knees, her spirits lifted as a soft voice whispered "Hi sexy."
Carrie's head snapped up from her phone to see Sam's smiling face. She knew before she looked that it was him, Sam almost always greeted her that way.
"Hey Sam! You wouldn't believe how happy I am to see you. I was thinking I would be stuck here without a friendly face to talk to, killing time online until my phone died."
"Well it's nice to see you too Carrie, and thanks for saving me a seat. I was worried I would have to stand up the whole time. Jenkins called me up like ten minutes ago. He said Sally couldn't make it, and since I'm the 'secretary to the secretary', here I am."
"I have to admit," Carrie said quietly as she leaned towards Sam, "I'm glad it was you. Your ass is a lot cuter than Sally's."
Even in the low light she could see Sam blushing. He always pretended to be so innocent, but that was one thing about him that she had always liked. Lusted. Whatever.
"Since she is like 90 I think that's a compliment, so thanks. I guess."
Carrie giggled softly and put her hand on his thigh. "Silly, you know what I mean. Anyhow, I hope you will be a nice distraction from this buzzword festival that's about to start."
"And the same to you, if you don't mind me using you for a while. I guess I can put up with seven hours of charts and slideshows if I can talk to the pretty lady next to me."
Carrie smacked his arm and sat up straight. "That's the best line you can come up with Casanova?"
"Well excuse me," he replied raising his hands in mock helplessness, "My divorce has only been final for a month or so now and I forgot how to properly hit on all you hot babes. Or whatever the single guys say now-days."
"Whatever, perv. You have been hitting on me since we first met."
"No, I was just... Well OK, maybe I was a bit flirty, but I'm not the only one Carrie. You can't play little Miss Innocent here."
"True, but flirting is about all we can do, we both know that. Company policy says so. My boyfriend left me last month so at least now we don't have to be as reserved or hide as much as we used to before, when we were single."
"Less reserved you say?" Sam leaned over to whisper in her ear, "So then you won't hate me for asking if you've ever had sex in public? Or if you will put your hand down your skirt and rub one out right there in your seat during someone's speech?"
Carrie's eyes bugged out as Sam slowly pulled away from her, a sly grin on his face. She felt her cheeks grow warm as she shook her head at him.
"No I haven't. But it's not for lack of trying, I just couldn't convince any of my boyfriends to do it. They all chickened out. And the other thing. Oh hell no, it's tempting, but way too much of a risk."
Sam got a thoughtful look on his face and was about to reply when she leaned over to his ear.
"I do want to get fucked in public though. And I want to be exposed. I want strangers to see me get fucked. There, now you know my biggest fantasy."
She sat back, feeling her face getting even more red. Her cheeks and ears felt like they were on fire. She couldn't even look at Sam right now. 'Holy crap,' Carrie thought, 'why the hell did I just say that? What was I thinking? Was that really out loud?!?'
Sam was just as shocked to hear her say this, but he decided to respond another way. Pulling out his phone, he typed up a quick text.
'That is hot as hell Carrie. Sounds fun! Let me know how it goes for you. By the way, my arm says thanks for the boob-brush. Also the tiny peek down your shirt was a nice tease.'
He sent it and looked away, pretending to watch the speaker droning on about sales figures. From the corner of his eye he saw Carrie's phone light up as she got his message. He waited for another smack on his arm but it never showed up. He smiled when his phone buzzed in return, and reading her reply caused Sam to smile even bigger.
'Dirty boy! I didn't say you could peek. You will know when I want you to. In the meantime, cross your arms for a minute.'
Sam did as he was asked, not sure what she had in mind. His pulse spiked when Carrie leaned towards him again, her shoulder sliding behind his. Something else got his blood supply pumping faster as a firm object pressed against the hand tucked under his arm. When Carrie stopped moving, Sam's hand was being pressed hard against his side and the back of his arm felt her breast against it.
'Oh damn,' Sam thought, 'she shoved her boob against me. I did not grab her, she is the one doing it. But do I dare move? Will she get mad?'
Barely loud enough to be heard, Carrie's lips brushing his ear, she whispered "Well aren't you going to get a better feel? I can't stay like this all day."
Sam's heart pounded in his chest as he freed his fingers and wrapped them across the fabric pressing into him. The firmness from before was just her bra, he could now feel the softness of his friend's breast. The curvature he traced made him breathe fast in excitement. Even tracing along the underwire was erotic.
"Your hand is the only one besides my own to grab me there in over a month Sam. My wuss of an ex stopped fucking me because he thought making out made me want kinky crazy dirty sex. I can't hold this pose for much longer without looking suspicious. Keep touching me while you say something back to me."
His head in a fog, Sam turned towards her, making sure to not move any other part of his body. Carrie moved her head back to give him room, but not quite enough, his lips brushed her cheek as they adjusted.
"Holy shit Carrie, you're driving me crazy. I might cum in my pants if you keep this up. Ummm what else do I say? Oh I know. This is the first breast I've touched in months. My ex didn't want kids, so she made me get snipped, and still left me for a younger studlier model, and she wouldn't let me touch her. So thank you for this. Is getting felt up in public a fantasy of yours too?"
Carrie enjoyed his caress for another few seconds before his hot breath in her ear started to turn her on. She knew she had to stop this. She pulled away a tiny bit and he took the hint. Sadly Sam withdrew his hand and they both sat up straight, each breathing harder than usual.
"The next time," Sam whispered to her, "less interference is a must."
Carrie smiled back "Yes sounds good. And yes, that is a fantasy, and I want to do it again."
Not trusting the volume of his voice, Sam took out his phone again. Carrie was amused to see him re-writing a message several times like a nervous teenager. After two minutes of this, her phone finally buzzed in her hand. Her cheeks flushed as she read his text.
'Next time is 2 minutes. Your bare skin in my hand. I want to see and feel nipple. It's your fantasy. I dare you.'
Her hands shaking, Carrie typed her reply and felt her crotch warming up fast as she considered but rejected his dare.
''I wish! But not here. It would make me cum instantly.'
Sam's eyes bugged out when he read that, but he had to diffuse this. Quickly.
"Damn it Carrie, we can't, I was kidding," he whispered, "We would get fired on the spot if you flashed like that."
"I know, but the idea is so hot."
"In that case, show me both right now. No one is looking."
Carrie snapped her head to the side to stare at him. She opened her mouth to reply, but just then the lights went out and and the whole room was instantly pitch black. It took about three seconds for the crowd of people to break out of their shock and start talking amongst themselves. The dull roar was getting louder when finally the emergency lights flicker on, and half of the crowd started to cheer and clap their hands. It soon turned into a boo as the lights flickered again and turned off.
"Sam, give me your hand," Carrie called to him. She grasped his shoulder with one hand, the other reaching lower. She smiled widely as she reached out, her aim accurate even in the inky black room. Sam's cock had softened some, but in her grasp it jumped back to life.
"Ummm, that's not my hand," Sam started, but corrected himself, not knowing who was listening, "wow that sounded bad, that's my shoulder you're squeezing."
Carrie laughed quietly as she stroked his cock through his pants. She was expecting him to take a free pass at groping her as well, so she didn't jump when a hand tentatively poked into her breast. His hand quickly turned to the side as he stroked and squeezed, going back an forth between both breasts. A gasp escaped her when his finger slid between the buttons of her shirt. One fingertip lightly touched the top of her breast before sliding into the cup and found her nipple.
"Did not expect all this, big boy," she cooed, "this feels really nice."
"Holy hell Carrie, you have no idea!"
A dim light came from the far side of the room once people remembered they could use their cellphones as lights. A couple of lighters showed up too, and a voice called out "Thanks for the light, smokers!", causing a laugh to spread across the room.
"Stop it," Sam hissed to his co-worker, "it's too light now. We can't get caught."
The hand stopped tweaking her nipple and quickly pulled away from her blouse. A moment later Sam tugged on Carrie's hand to free it from his cock. She resisted him at first but saw his logic and sadly let go of him.
With the tension now broken, people across the room began to stand up and mill around, restless and complaining, disembodied cellphone screens waving eerily across the room. The main doors in the back of the room opened up to let in a tiny bit of light, but not enough to really see. Carrie pulled on Sam's arm and dragged him out of the way to the side of the room. In the dim light Carrie can barely see the supply closet door was ajar.
A loud voice from the back doors called out, making them both flinch. "Listen up everyone. I have an announcement. The lights should be back on in about 30 minutes, the power company is enroute to fix a downed wire caused by a car crash."
The crowd groaned, drowning out whatever else the speaker said, but Carrie caught the gist of it. He was telling everyone to stay in place to prevent panic, or that they could head to the parking lot in an orderly fashion.
'Just like a fire drill,' she thought, 'that means everyone will leave. Perfect!'
Several people bustled by them in the dark, the last one knocking her backwards into Sam's chest. He grabbed her shoulder to stay together.
"Funny running into you here stranger."
"Very funny," Sam laughed, "how about we get out of the way?"
"Sounds good. Here, take my hand."
Carrie turned quickly to wrap his arm around her waist, grinding as her ass pushed up against his crotch. She pulls Sam's arm tight, surprising them both as his hand happens to land firmly on her breast.
Sam freezes, surprising each of them as his cock jumped to attention just as fast as her nipples did. They both feel each other respond, but Carrie is the first to comment as she reaches back to hold the cock that was stabbing her back.
"I sure am glad the darkness is hiding this pose. Do we have to leave?"
Breathing heavily, Sam lets go of her breast and pulls away quickly. "I sorry Carrie, I want to keep doing this so bad but I can't. Not here. It's too risky."
"Please" she begs, "I felt you want it too, and I you need to finish what you started."
Sam stepped away, gone from her sight before he was done turning around. Carrie backed up to the wall, the memory of his touch still warm on her blouse and skirt. She exhaled loudly, willing her heart to slow down, but she couldn't ignore the dampness between her legs.
Disappointed at Sam's change of heart, she walked slowly towards the dim light of the open door fifty yards away but is stopped by a firm grasp on her shoulders.
"Please stop," he whispers, "I was wrong to leave. I'm just being a worry wart. Do you still want me like I need you?"
Carrie smiled widely but she doesn't answer right away. Grabbing his hands she lowers them to her breasts as she backs up into his embrace. Just like before, his hardness presses into her ass for a moment before she reaches back to fill her hand with his cock.
"Does this answer you?" she whispers back, "But we need to hurry before the lights come back."
"The closet is back this way," he breathed into her ear, "walk with me."
He unbuttons her blouse with one hand as they walk, the other reaching out into the inky darkness for guidance. She let go of his cock long enough to unhook her bra, thanking fate it was the front-latching one today. Carrie's excitement surged as her greatly repressed urge of exhibitionism was let free just now, knowing she was flashing her bare breasts to a room full of people. She ignored the fact that many of them had left and no one could see, but it was still enough to turn her on to think of a hundred men seeing her bare breasts fondled.
She reached back and unzipped his pants, pulling his manhood out, using both hands to fondle the rock hard cock she had secretly desired the whole year since she had met Sam. Her breasts pushed out into his hungry hands, and he massaged her exposed skin and tweaked her nipples while managing to walk slowly through the dark.
She held back her moan of pleasure, and the bite she had on her lip was threatening to bleed soon if he didn't stop his teasing. Thankfully his hands dropped, but they slid down her torso. One hand pulled up the front of her demure skirt making it very immodest as it came up to her waist. He trapped the material against her with his arm and pushed aside the crotch of her panties as he reached for her wet pussy.
With no arms out to guide them or feel for an obstruction, Carrie didn't see the old man in a short-sleeve maintenance shirt until he was a foot away. His eyes bugged out in shock to see her almost naked, and he couldn't stop from walking into her. They all froze at the contact, and the second hand touching her pussy while his bare arm rested on her naked breast made her break her silence. A quiet moan escaped her lips before she could regain control. For some odd reason, she stared at his shirt, the name tag stating he was 'Jerry'. That image was burned into her mind. She knew him! Every time she saw him from now on, she would remember this moment.
Nearly fully exposed and trapped between two men was almost enough to make her cum. Her waist bucked towards Jerry and Carrie felt her pussy get even wetter as she focused on the two men touching her. She squeezed the cock between her hands tightly as she tried to back away from Jerry. It took him a moment to regain his senses, and she saw his gaze linger on her breasts as they drifted apart. A fleeting sense of fear crossed her mind as she realized he could tell on her, but she thought he wouldn't have thought to look at the guy exposing her.
Finally reaching the wall, he again put his hand up to guide them to the door. A few feet later he saw it and guided her into it, closing it silently behind them. Carrie tried turning towards him, but he stopped her by pulling her back, his hands continuing to maul her bare breasts as he covered her mouth with his. Their tongues fought deeply for a moment until she could gather her self control and ease her head back away from him.
"I like your tongue in my mouth, but I need your cock in there right now. Let go of me if you want that to happen."
He let go instantly, and in the pitch black of the room he had no idea where she was other than her hand that was still squeezing his cock. Before he could wonder where she was, a tight circle enveloped his cockhead. Carrie teased with her tongue for a moment, the sank his cock as deep into her mouth as she could. She heard his gasp over her labored breathing and wet slurping noises as she pumped her head back and forth across his rigid tool.
Finally he lowered his hands once he got over the shock of her attack on his cock. Expecting to feel only hair as his hands reached down for her head, he was pleasantly surprised to feel the back of her shirt with one hand. He much preferred the girl be bent over than kneeling when he got a blowjob. He reached back until he found her skirt covering the back of her ass. It took some maneuvering with as distracted as he was, but he was finally able to pull it up to expose her panty-covered ass. A few more pushes down and her ass was bare. He had to feel all of it before continuing, even if he couldn't see it.
He could feel Carrie's heat before his fingers reached her soaking wet pussy. After a hurried tweak of her clit that made her jump, he knew she was more than ready for him. It was a tight fit, but both his middle and ring fingers slid deep into her center. He paused at the deepest point and wiggled his fingertips a little to make her squirm, then slowly stroked in and out, with a quick shove at the end of his thrust.
She loved the feeling of his fullness in her mouth and the sounds she could make him mutter. Carrie had dreamt many times about getting Sam's cock in her mouth, she decided she had to make the best of it in the short time they had. She prided herself on her oral skills, and usually preferred it to actual sex. Grabbing his balls to keep him still, she pulled off of his cock and rubbed it between her lips. His fingers were nice, but she needed to help a little. She reached between her legs and toyed with her clit, feeling his fingers on hers as they both finger-fucked her.
"Harder Sam," she whispered, "I'm getting close. Make me cum!"
He tried working his thumb into her pussy, nestled in the valley between his middle and ring fingers, but that was too much for her. She pulled away from his fingers and blocked it with hers, plus a mumbled 'no'' stopped him.
Once she sucked his cock into her throat, he smiled with another idea. He slid his thumb across her lips getting it wetter, then massaged across her sphincter. Her hips twitched in response, and her soft squeak told him she liked it.
He was confused for a moment when her mouth relaxed on his cock, but he quickly figured it out. Her one hand was slamming into his as she assaulted her clit, her other arm reached around his waist to hold herself up. She closed her lips around his cock to muffle her moaning, merely holding on to him instead of sucking, and as he heard her voice change he knew she was on the brink. With one last dip of his thumb between her moist lips, he pressed harder on her backdoor and eased the first full joint up her ass.
She yelled into his cock as she lurched forward in surprise, then froze in place as her body erupted in orgasmic bliss. Contractions quickly piling on top of one another, her legs barely held her up while his hands on either end of her kept her in place.
Gently he removed his thumb as he neared the end of her ride, causing another wave of tremors. She sank to the floor, pulling his fingers from her spasming pussy, coming to rest on her knees, her mouth never once leaving his cock. Slowly she resumed sucking his cock, and a few seconds later tasted his tangy pre-cum mixing with her saliva.
"Gonna cum in your mouth baby," he whispered erratically, "no fucking without a condom."
She hummed her consent as she picked up her pace. She wanted Sam to cum for her, she needed this reward for her hard work, not to mention fulfilling a fantasy. It took a minute to filter through her head that something was wrong. He had just grasped the sides of her head to help control the pace when she recalled their flirting in the back row. Sam said he never had a disease, so why would he need a condom if he was snipped?
The low groans for his impending orgasm reached her ears through his hands, and he stopped fucking her mouth as she put it together that this was someone else! A rumble of excitement came from deep inside of her, her pussy flaring up in pleasure in being used by a stranger! Being touched and penetrated by someone she had never even seen! Being made to cum by him, and now he was cumming for her! It was almost too much!
Her pussy contracted, feeling horribly empty and needing anything to fill the gap. It twitched in pleasure as she felt his cock surge up between her lips for a moment, then pulse as a stream of cum blasted into her throat. She choked for a second on his thick seed, then forced her head back an inch to capture it on her tongue to savor his taste. She swallowed every drop, sucking hard even after he stopped trembling, pulling for every drop of semen he could give up.
As his cock softened in her mouth, she pushed further onto him, filling as much of her mouth as she could, stopping only when his wiry pubes tickled her nose. When he could give her no more cum, she pulled away, breathing deeply. Carrie let his limp cock fall back to rest on his drained balls, trailing a mouthful of the watered-down remnants of his cum. She smiled evilly knowing this was now coating the front of his pants. As much as she had liked this tryst, she also wanted to punish him a little for taking advantage of her hormones. That look would do it nicely.
Pushing her panties down the rest of the way, she worked them over her shoes. Shakily she stood and pulled up her skirt, then spread her legs, using the balled-up panties to wipe away her copious juices that had not had a chance to dry. Leaning forward she felt across the body of her mystery lover, finding the inside pocket of his suit jacket. She shoved her soaked panties into the pocket and patted it gently.
"Feel free to keep those, dirty man. Think of it as my way of saying thanks for making me cum so good."
"Well thank you more," he whispered back, "that has got to be the best blowjob I've ever had."
"Thanks, I aim to please. Oh and by the way, do you remember how to pronounce my middle name?"
He paused long enough for her to know her guess was right. She continued "Or my last name?"
Again he paused, but just for a moment. "Sorry, no, I don't have a clue who you are. I was sitting on the other side of Sam and heard you two talking. I have really good hearing and you drove me crazy! Anyhow after the lights went out I saw Sam leave you hanging, and I heard how he left you. I knew you weren't together and thought it was worth the risk to get you in here. I hoped I could help make at least one of your fantasies come true. Oh, and it was me that was playing with your boobs when you were jacking him off. I just reached around Sam. Again, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have."
"Thanks for being honest, but that was still a really fucked up thing to do. But I let it happen, and you did me good. It ends here though. You won't know who I am, and if you try to follow me out of this room I will call for security, and you will end up in jail. Get my drift?"
A mumbled "Ya, sorry" was all he could come back with.
Carrie reached for his waist and unfastened his pants, pushing his clothes into a heap around his ankles. She fixed her clothes while finishing her chat.
"I will leave now, and don't even think about touching your pants for three minutes after the door closes. Don't try to find me."
With a rustle of clothes and footsteps Carrie found her way to the door and eased out of the closet. With her eyes fully adapted to the dark, walking towards the dim light of the outside was easy. She went into the sun-lit lobby and lost herself in the crowd of employees, and scarcely a minute after leaving the closet room, the lights flickered back on.
The crowd of people cheered, but she needed to get cleaned up before people noticed her condition. Quickly heading for a restroom she fixed her hair and was almost as presentable as before the lights went out. Her pussy was still damp, and all she could think about was getting a good hard fuck to finish off her wild streak.
Carrie made her way back into the conference room in time to see that one special door open. The man walking out was blinded by the light, throwing up a hand to cover his eyes. She laughed out loud with a dozen other people at his appearance. His suit was disheveled, with a very obvious wet spot covering his crotch. He took his jacket off to cover himself and hurried away. Luckily she didn't recognize him.
Not daring to wet the back of her skirt, she didn't sit down, so she walked around the back of the room looking for Sam. The real Sam, not an imposter. She finally spotted him and walked over quickly. He smiled at her when she approached, and a concerned look covered his face when he saw her expression.
"Don't say a thing," Carrie ordered, "follow me, I have to talk to you."
Once again she dragged him across the floor, and no one paid attention to the pair of them walking out of the room. The moment she opened the stairwell door, the building was plunged into darkness again as the power flickered once then shut off again. She smiled at the real Sam as they started up the single flight of stairs, barely visible in the weak emergency light.
He was very confused with what Carrie was up to, but he did as asked and stayed mute. She took his hand again when they reached the top floor and practically dragged him down the hall to her smallest conference room. She shoved open the door and Sam called out in surprise when she pushed him through the doorway, stumbling all the way to the far wall before the door swung closed.
He recovered his footing and turned around, all set to ask her what was going on. His words died in his mouth, gawking at his friend in shock to see Carrie naked and a foot away. She covered his open mouth, leaving his question unasked.
Carrie dragged two desk chairs against the wall a few feet apart, then guided Sam between them and pushed him down to his knees. All of the windows had the blinds down, so she stepped around him to open a single narrow vinyl blind. The dark of the room spotlighted them with the sunlight streaming in directly on them. She addressed him while looking at the parking lot several stories below.
"I know you want me. I knew it downstairs, and I can see it now. No, don't interrupt me. You have no idea how insanely turned on I am, and I badly need your help. Please!"
"Ok sure," he managed to squeeze in, "calm down. At the risk of sounding stupid, I'm not blind here, but this is really way too weird. You had better tell me exactly what you need from me."
"Do anything you want to me! Fuck me, make love to me, tie me up and eat me out, use me or abuse me. Whatever you do, please just spend lots of time inside my pussy and make me cum until I can't take any more. Make me suck you off, ride you, lick your ass, anything. Give me all your cum, shoot it anywhere you want on me. No one knows we are here, so we can't get fired if we aren't caught. Please say yes?"
She looked down to see a tent forming in Sam's pants and took that as a yes. Without asking further, she climbed on the chairs with one knee in each seat. Her pussy was right above his face, her legs spread wide for him, her nude body facing the uncovered full height window from barely one foot away. Her whole body wracked in pleasure as she thought of how exposed she finally was, exposed to the world's sight, if anyone cared to see, and her most private parts exposed to a guy that she had merely flirted with for a while. Knowing she had promised him anything and everything, she was completely at his mercy - and loving every second.
Skipping the teasing and foreplay, Sam didn't have to answer her. When Carrie clasped her hands behind her head and looked up at the ceiling, he lifted his face towards her engorged wet pussy and took in her scent for a moment before wrapping his lips around her clit and sucking it in, nipping it softly.
Carrie cried out in the ecstasy of a small but satisfying orgasm, her first public one ever. She dropped her hands to the backs of the chairs as her body responded to Sam's mouth. Her nipples were on fire when she leaned forward to rest her upper body against the cold window. Happily she realized Sam didn't stop his assault on her pussy, he merely moved back to avoid over-stimulating her sensitive nub.
Without needing to support her or hold her lips apart for his tongue, Sam quickly undressed as much as he could without moving away from the nectar streaming from her center. As he lowered his pants, Sam sighed in relief once the pressure on his throbbing cock was relieved.
Deftly sinking two fingers easily into Carrie's pussy, Sam slipped out from under her to finish stripping his clothes off. Carrie noticed the change and growled in appreciation of being filled, even if it was only fingers again. Finally nude as well, Sam stood behind her and got another good look at her bare body. She almost glowed, kneeling in the only spot of light in the room. He smiled in anticipation, almost drooling as he watched his well-lubed fingers plunging in and out of her pussy, knowing his cock would soon be there.
"This is a scene from a dream of mine. You know that right?"
"Mine... Ohh ya, mine too. Now stop talking and fuck me!"
Timing it just right, Sam bent his knees slightly for the right angle, then as his fingers came almost all the way out of her he thrust his hips forward. His dry cock slid up the ramp his fingers made, entering her smoothly as his hand fell away. There was no friction as her wetness coated him instantly, easily penetrating her. Again Carrie noticed his change and she met it with a scream of pleasure as Sam hit the halfway point with several glorious inches inside of her.
Carrie's breath gave out when he sank to the root, his cock fully buried inside of her. For the first time in too long, she was completely filled with a hard tool not driven by batteries. As his hips drove his cock in and out, he leaned forward and pulled her body back to his chest, one hand finally grasping her breasts. He reached his wet fingers higher and pushed them between her lips.
"Is this what you wanted," he growled in her ear, "to know everyone down there can see your pussy getting filled? To see you tasting your own pussy?"
She couldn't get words out, she just nodded as she sucked his fingers. Her eyes closed, she imagined herself in the parking lot with the others, looking up to see her nude body getting fucked. It was all she needed to send her over the edge once more, and she screamed out, her pussy quivering again, clamping down on his hard shaft. Her orgasm took all of her strength away, leaving her body at Sam's disposal as he relentlessly fucked her from behind.
The sounds and feelings of Carrie cumming was almost too much for Sam. He had to stop before he exploded as well, and he was gratefully stopped by her hand pushing back on his chest.
He pulled out slowly and stood up to stretch his cramping thighs. He helped her ease her legs out of the chairs and she practically fell to her knees between them. Leaning back on one chair, Carrie looked to the side out the window, then back to his cock.
"Bring that wonderful cock to me," she panted, "let me taste you."
"Gladly. Do you want to taste my cum as well as your own?"
Her smile only lasted a second before she opened her mouth wide. Sam swore he could still see her smiling as he gave Carrie his cock and her lips closed around him. Still not fully over her stunning orgasm, she couldn't move very fast, but she made up for that by using every trick she knew with her tongue and throat.
A short two minutes later, her wandering hand felt his balls tighten and she got ready for his present. He grunted "Oh fuck!" and his body locked up then his hips shuddered as the first thick stream shot from his cock, splashing across her throat. Carrie choked briefly and tried to recover, but she had pushed him back in a panic. Now Sam's cum was leaking from her mouth, and every other spurt landed on her tongue. Guiding him with her hands, she was able to suck him back into her mouth for the last strained push of his seed.
"Oh shit," he whispered hoarsely, "no one has ever let me cum on her face. That is kinda hot. Do you like making it messy?"
She was going to swallow his last little bit, but as much as she wanted it, she heard his tone. She could spare some of this. She pushed out the last swallow of his salty gift over her chin and looked up at him. She could feel the heat from his semen still, dotting her cheeks and chin, plus the wetter spots running down her breasts.
"That was a lot. How long have you been saving this for me?"
"Saving?" he chuckled, "I wouldn't call it that. Maybe just a lack of umm, stimulation, I guess. About a week probably."
"Do you like this look on me then? Do you like seeing me wear your cum?"
"It's ok I guess, I thought it would be better. Do you like it at all?"
"That's just porn, babe. I prefer to swallow, but I don't mind the occasional lotion. I usually like it lower though. Hot cum on my boobs is a treat for me."
Sam watched in pleasure as Carrie rubbed his cum into her breasts, then scraped the rest from her face down, coating her neck and chest. After a good rubbing, she licked her fingers clean. She looked at his softening cock, then down again at her naked body, still leaking their few residual fluids into the carpet.
"We have some more time. Think I can convince your cock to get hard again? I can use another one before we go back to see the meeting ending."
"One way to find out. Stand up right there."
Sam pointed to a spot right in front of the window, then turned one chair around to face the same spot. She started to get up but hesitated, a look of uncertainty clouding her face.
"I'm not so sure about this now. It's kind of weirding me out."
"You wanted this before Carrie, now go stand with your ass against the window and put your feet just wider than your shoulders."
"Ok, but it's cold and..."
He quickly leaned in to kiss her salty lips, silencing her. While Sam didn't want to taste his own cum, he thought it was worth it to quiet her. Both of his hands wandered her body, his fingertips tickling her skin, gliding across her shoulders down to her sticky breasts. Cupping the small swell of her breasts he lifted them slightly before letting them fall, trapping her nipples between his fingers. She sighed at his pinch, breaking the kiss to lean her head back against the window. He sucked her nipples briefly before easing down to his knees to lick her barely exposed puffy pink lips.
"I need a new bucket list," she giggled, "oh no don't stop. I've had one for years and never did anything on it until today, and now I've finished it."
"Well you are about to get another one that wasn't on the list." He sat up on the chair as he paused. "Now lean forward and suck my cock back to life. Don't move your feet, just grind that tasty wet pussy on the window while you do it."
She looked down at him, sitting in the chair with his legs spread, one hand reaching between her legs. His fingers were turning her on, the signature squicking sound and her musky-sweet scent was proof of that. He took his hand away and used it to stroke his cock as it started to slightly thicken.
"Come taste your pussy on me again. Help me finish getting hard so I can fuck you again. Well if you want me to, that is..."
Carrie was no longer hesitant, he could see the change in her eyes. She looked at Sam hungrily as she bent over, bracing her hands on his thighs. He dropped his gaze immediately, savoring the view of her breasts hanging down, smiling widely as he reached out to hold them.
"Not so fast," she said shaking her head, "I can't hold on to your cock by myself. My hands are busy holding me up, so you have it feed it to me. Both hands. Make me take it. Fuck my face until you want my pussy."
His cock twitched up in anticipation, making her smile. He grabbed a handful of hair with one hand, wrapping the other fist around his chubby cock. Lowering her head gently he didn't stop until her mouth was tight against his loose fist, high enough on his shaft to hide his cockhead.
Moving both hands at the same pace, Sam stroked his cock back up to attention with her mouth. Carrie had her eyes closed the whole time, the sensations re-awakening her lust. Any apprehension was long gone.
'Damn this is hot,' she thought, 'good thing he pushed me into doing this. But we need to change this up some more.'
Her thoughts were filling with possibilities when Sam interrupted her by pulling her head up and kissing her deeply.
"I've wanted to do that for a long time too. Suck me by yourself while I do one more thing on the list of what I have wanted to do with you."
She simply gave him a smiled "OK" as he released her. Carrie leaned forward, sucking on the under-side of his cock to pull it from where it lay against his stomach. She took him slowly to avoid dropping him from her mouth, and was not surprised when she felt his hands slide across her breasts again.
Sam held them gently, his hands cupped slightly bigger than her size so he could feel them bouncing as she moved her body. The sight of Carrie inhaling his cock was getting to him already. Even though he had just cum a couple of minutes ago, two minutes with her body was building his pressure up again!
"Hold on a sec, we need to change again. You're driving me crazy!"
"So sorry," she smiled sarcastically, "where do you want me next? Please say you're going to fuck me again."
"Oh hell ya I am! Now stand up and lets see how wet you got the window."
Carrie smiled as she stepped away from the glass, both of them looking down at the few stragglers socializing in the parking lot. The new lovers shared a smile as they knew the distorted view of the people below was because of the six inch oval of moisture Carrie's pussy had left.
Sam stepped behind her, hugging her body close. His hard cock slid between her legs, her ass and the backs of her upper thighs were soaked with her moisture. She let out a soft moan as his cockhead bumped across her sensitive clit, and that moan only got louder when he dropped his hips and thrust forward. Pushing as deep as he could, Sam's short hard thrusts pushed her body into the window. Carrie gasped again as the cold of the glass shocked her skin, her already hard nipples burning with the sweet pain of the contrast.
Carrie lay her cheek against the glass, letting the window support her upper body. Her lower body was in Sam's hands, her toes were barely making contact with the thin carpet; his hands squeezing her hips and his cock of steel piercing her middle, holding her up while her body shook with the power of his thrusts.
With a slight effort she opened her eyes to look below, and through the haze of passion she saw one person point up at her. Then two more hands pointed. She swore she could see at least five people watching her get fucked, then she couldn't watch, Sam's cock was too distracting.
Throwing her hands up to the window for support Carrie tried to hold on as the rush of pleasure washed over her body again. She could feel nothing but his cock sawing in and out of her sensitive tunnel before all of her muscles tensed and contracted in waves. A screaming noise broke through Carrie's foggy mind and it took her a moment to realize it was her own mouth making that noise.
She fell limply against the window, only moving an inch or so, but she just couldn't move, her whole body was on fire, it was the orgasm that never ended. From a distance she heard Sam call out and felt his hands dig into her soft skin.
Carrie's body was almost a dead weight in his hands, but Sam knew they both needed him to keep going. One hand on her hip, the other full of her gorgeous ass cheek, he rammed his cock into her as hard and fast as he could. He heard her scream and felt her convulse, but it only drove him harder. Her pussy clamping down on his shaft was the last straw. Fighting through Carrie's tightness, he gave her one last massive thrust before his cock exploded inside of her. Sam's balls ached as he gave her spurt after spurt, his seed filling her rapidly.
She felt his cock surge deep inside of her, she felt his cum landing even deeper inside of her, and the last twinges of her orgasm flared again. Carrie's body threatened to cum again, but she didn't want it now. She couldn't. It was too much too soon. She pushed down the feeling, willing it away.
Sam fell against her on the window, breathing deeply on the back of her neck. He knew they needed to move, he just didn't have the energy. He started to move his arms up to push away from the window, but that action made his cock move inside of Carrie again and they both jerked at his slight motion. Sam was still partially hard, and he chuckled as he realized this.
"What's so funny," Carie sighed, her eyes still closed.
"It's weird. You have me so turned on I still have a chubby inside of you. I guess the little guy likes it in there."
"Oh not so little, believe me. Oh fuck, that was awesome. Don't take this the wrong way, but you have to pull out, I can't handle you inside me right now. It's too much. Oh fuck, you're gonna make me pass out."
"No offense taken. I need to sit down though. How about I help you back to the chair?"
She only nodded in response. They sighed sadly at the same time as he eased his cock out of her. The loss of their union was hard to do but necessary. She felt their fluids escape her pussy without his cock to hold it all back. It ran in three streams down the inside of thighs, making it halfway to her knee before his strong arms wrapped around her waist to guide her backwards.
Reaching the chair he had been in a few minutes ago Sam sat back wearily, keeping Carrie pulled tightly to his chest. When he leaned back she stayed with him the whole way. Smiling at the view of her nudity over her shoulder, he smiled even wider when her legs fell listlessly to the sides of his own. His chubby cock started to grow, but only slightly, he was tired too.
Sam released his grip on her, and gravity kicked in. Their sweat-soaked bodies made her slide down a few inches, and with her legs spread, he had to stop her before she slid to the floor.
Sam squeezed his arms tightly as he felt the pressure of her crotch impact his cock that mostly lay on his stomach. She cried out a soft high-pitched 'Oh' just as he grabbed her, and he noticed her breathing had sped up. Then it dawned on him that the pressure wasn't her back pressing down on his cock, the pressure was only around the tip of his cockhead.
"Don't move," she whispered shakily, "don't you dare move an inch, give me a second."
"Sorry, I didn't mean to try again, you just kind of fell onto me."
"No, no. You're ok. Just pull me up with your arms. Very slowly."
As Sam readied himself to move her up, he felt Carrie slip down again. He couldn't control himself, his cock grew a bit again and he felt the tightness increase. Suddenly he realized what happened, and was conflicted whether to pull her up or let it happen.
"Pull me up dammit. Please."
His decision made, Sam tightened his arms and pulled her up an inch, feeling his cock loose contact with her. She lifted her hips and pushed up on the arms of the chair. Taking the hint, he also sat up, and they were careful to make sure his cock stayed under her, not pointing up, as she sat back on his lap.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to..." he started to say before she cut him off.
"No, it's no one's fault. I was just really wet down there, oh hell - everywhere. The big guy was in the wrong place at the wrong time. Don't get me wrong, I sometimes do it back there, just not now. I can't handle that. Next time maybe if you want, ok?"
"Oh, ummm, ya. Next time. But for right now we need to get moving before people come looking for us up here."
Carrie giggled at the thought of getting caught like this. That only lasted a second until she thought of her manager catching them. Not cool.
Slowly they got up and rounded up their clothes. Since she was missing her panties already, Sam volunteered his boxers to help clean the biggest of the messes off of themselves. The boxers became enough of a mess that they merely smeared the spots on the window, so he didn't even bother trying to dry the chairs or the carpet.
"I sure hope the janitor service has a sense of humor," he laughed, "because this is going to need some professional help."
"No kidding. But we should probably get heading out stud, we can't risk getting caught in here."
"Oh shit!" he yelled, hopping back to the window, trying to get his leg in his pants. He looked down at the lot and turned back to her with fear in his eyes.
"They are all gone. I bet they are coming up here, we need to run. Now."
The lower half of their bodies covered, the co-workers ran out of the conference room, carrying their shoes and tops. Sam couldn't help staring at her as they ran side by side to the stairs.
Carrie noticed his gaze on her wildly bouncing breasts and laughed on the run "Damn pervert."
"Damn right! That view never gets old."
Sam eased the stairwell door open to check for an audience before they left the hallway. Easing it closed to avoid the noise, he heard the 'ding' of the elevator arriving at the floor just before he let the door click closed.
"That was too close," he breathed heavily, slightly out of breath from their sprint, "but that answers the question about whether the power is on or not."
"Ya, let's choose some place a little less dangerous next time."
"There is that 'next time' comment again. Are you sure we should do that?"
"Sure why not," she answered while buttoning up her blouse, "but first we need to get out of here."
"Sounds good," Sam replied as he checked his blazer, "but we shouldn't be seen together. Not after that view the people downstairs got. Oh yeah, and those pesky company rules. Why don't you get off on the third floor in IT, that place is vacant. I'll hit the ground floor. We need to visit a restroom to freshen up, then I'll meet you back in the conference room by the main door."
She nodded sagely. "Sounds good, see you in about ten minutes. And thank you for all that in there. You really rocked my world."
"No I should thank you. That was some of the best sex I've had since I don't know when. But next? How about if we do it backwards? How about something like dinner tonight?"
"Ya, I would like that," Carrie smiled, "how about if you pick me up at my house around 9 tonight? I'll text you my address."
"That late? I thought you had to be in early tomorrow."
She giggled and leaned in for a quick kiss. Turning to walk downstairs, Carrie called out over her shoulder "Oh ya, like I'm really going home tonight?"
-------------------------------------
I hope you enjoyed the read, and I hope this runs through your mind the next time you're in a boring meeting.
Please use the stars below to rate this story, and leave a comment if you can.