All characters in this story are eighteen years of age and older. This story is also protected under copyright and only Literotica have my permission to print this story.
Not all women are put off by the wandering, lurking gaze of lusty men. I loved it during the ages of "Ah-hum", clears throat not to get into trouble, 18-22. I still enjoy it to a degree, but now I'm older with far more control and understanding about my mind and body.
However, there was a time when being objectified by the opposite sex unbelievably turned me on. There are levels of course. I'm not talking about sexual harassment. I'm talking about the men who knowingly looked, stared, watched, studied and appreciated my behaviour during those years.
Those men made me feel powerful, and in fairness to them, they weren't really objectifying. I was doing it to myself. I wanted them to look at me. I needed their approval. I wasn't aware of being self-conscious or a cock-tease at the time. It was all about satisfying an unexplainable deep-rooted need to show off.
I have so many examples I could share with you, so I'll give you a snippet into my behaviour before you hopefully hang around to read one erotic tale in particular.
I don't know where my behaviour came from, what created it, or why I couldn't stop it. What I do know, however, is that I loved it. I loved getting lost and found in the male gaze. If he was sexually attractive then it was a bonus, and if he wasn't, there was no harm done. All I cared about was him looking at me with those hungry eyes.
I'm busty and curvy, five-six, with brown hair and blue eyes. I'm not drop dead gorgeous, but I've never had a problem attracting the guys I fancy either. I would regularly wear bikini tops with short skirts or tight shorts on sunny days, just to show off as much skin as possible.
I went to the local beach on my own just so I could lay in the sun in a skimpy bikini, being leched over for a few hours. I'd then go hide amongst the rocks, pull my bikini bottoms aside and masturbate.
I'd go for walks in the woods during quiet times, walking topless for as long as possible. I never wore any knickers on those walks either. I would slip off the beaten track to find a hiding place and bring myself off.
One time my parents were having an extension built to expand the kitchen. During the days when I was home alone, I always ignored my mothers instruction to get dressed before going downstairs. As soon as my parents left for work I was straight in the kitchen.
In just a dressing gown I'd ask the builders if they wanted any tea or coffee. The most exciting time was when I came down in my pyjama shorts and t-shirt. My nipples and camel toe were protruding, giving them a right eyeful. The best part was them knowing I knew they knew what I was doing. My promiscuity was too damn obvious, but I loved every second of it, as did they, before I eventually returned to my bedroom to masturbate with them working downstairs.
When I got my drivers licence, whilst at University, I regularly drove back late on a Sunday night and flashed my tits at the truck drivers. It worked best on the continental drivers because they drove left-hand rigs. I would deliberately travel along the inside lane at 50mph. The trucker behind would get frustrated, eventually driving up my backside before overtaking in the middle lane.
As he passed I'd flash him my big round boobs with their stiff, excited nipples, to calm his anger whilst keeping his pulse racing. I never wore a bra on those road trips back to University. I never made it all the way without pulling into a service station to masturbate in the car either.
At the mall I wore tops that didn't need a bra. Having pokies was a guaranteed way to get men of all ages to stare at me. Most of my friends would get embarrassed when it happened to them. But given the choice between the firm outline of a bra showing through a top, or my erect nipples, I chose my nipples every time.
The gym was a funny one. I found it a bit hit and miss. I always felt sexy in a pair of leggings and a bulging sports bra, but most of the guys didn't flick my switch. A sweaty old man hanging out of his arse on a treadmill, or a young meathead on steroids wasn't my cup of tea. They'd stare but I wasn't showing off for them.
However, for right guy I'd happily stretch in front of him, or sit back on the machine to let him get a good look. That naturally had me masturbating in the shower. Even better if there was a guy using the cubicle next to me. Whoever thought unisex changing rooms was a good idea I saluted them back then. Not so much when I became a mother, though, and I started taking my daughter swimming. Ha-Ha.
So that was me in a nutshell during the early years of my adult life. Each situation had me aroused and flicking my bean. It was an addiction I couldn't escape from. I never wanted to get cornered or caught masturbating, and I certainly didn't want anyone recognising me. It was simply about the moment. The moment I'm getting lost in the hungry gaze of horny men. Old or young, it didn't really matter.
The experience I would like to share with you is the one involving Sean the window cleaner. He was in his mid-thirties and he was a good-looking guy. He wasn't too tall or too short. He had a strong upper body and he always looked rugged and masculine.
I was just a curious, curvy eighteen-year-old brunette with blue eyes. If it wasn't for my big boobs I would have been an ordinary girl in the street, but I was far from ordinary once you got to know me.
I liked risk and danger when it came to sex and being sexy. The thrill was overpowering and controlling at times. It was hard to recognise myself in some of those moments. It was if I had all the courage in the world to do anything I wanted. But then I'd masturbate and suddenly feel ashamed of my antics, and mightily relieved the orgasm had saved me from doing something really crazy, like letting those builders fuck me on the job my parents were paying them so handsomely to do for them.
Anyway...
I was doing what most college girls do when they're in the safe space of their bedroom. I was listening to loud music, singing and bopping along to the lyrics and beat whilst getting undressed.
"Louise!!!" my father screamed up the stairs. I hurried towards my bedroom door and opened it.
"Yeah?" I replied, poking my head over the bannister.
"Turn that bloody music down, or off! Me and your mother are going food shopping, and the window cleaner is here, so make sure you're decent and you're blinds are closed!"
"Ok. Will do. Thanks, dad."
I returned to my bedroom, closed the door, smiling mischievously and turned the music off. I then buttoned my college blouse back up and waited. I'd been fantasising about doing something with the window cleaner for quite a while, so I decided to finally do it.
"Close the damn blinds, Louise! Don't do it!" my sensible thoughts told me.
"You know you want to do this, Lou-Lou!" my naughty thoughts waded in.
"You'll regret it. Close the blinds and let the feeling pass, Louise."
"Listen to your body, Lou-Lou. What is the tingly feeling between your legs telling you?"
I was torn between right and wrong as those feelings tingled in my breasts and between my legs. They grew stronger, demanding I act upon them. Sitting with my thoughts and feelings a while longer, hoping they would lose their energy and dissipate, I eventually stood up and smirked playfully at my reflection in the mirror.
A good fifteen minutes had passed since my father called me, warning the window cleaner was outside, but I was becoming very warm and flushed as the sexual desire inside my body gathered momentum.
Then, a set of ladders were pushed up against the house beneath my bedroom window. The loud clanging of metal on brick alerted me. Instead of acting fast to protect my privacy, I put a set of headphones on over my head and started singing and swaying. No sounds were coming out of the speakers, it was just a ploy for the window cleaner to think I was listening to music, making him believe I didn't know he was there.
But I knew he was there alright. I caught sight of him in the periphery of my vision, sponging foamy water onto the windowpane. I was kind of side on with more of my back to him. Once I knew Sean was watching, I turned my back fully and moved it up a level.
Swaying my arse in the navy-blue skirt, I began to unbutton the blouse. I had no idea if he was still watching me, but it was too soon to check, so I continued dancing and removing the blouse, quickly exposing my bare back and the bra straps. I was banking on the situation being too tempting for Sean not to watch me undress while he cleaned my window.
I then moved my hands to my waist and began pushing the skirt down. I was giggling, dying to know if I still had a voyeur at my window. A quick glance over my shoulder and I saw Sean watching me as I'd hoped.
The sponge stopped moving as soon as our gazes locked. Sean instantly looked terrified that he'd been caught, so, with my arse pointed at him, I raised a finger to my cheeky smiling lips and signalled mischievously for him to be quiet. His eyes bulged and he grabbed the ladder to steady himself.
Wanting to objectify myself more than ever, I turned around to face the window. Even through the double glazing I could feel his excitement. I then leaned forwards and removed the skirt. Sean's jaw dropped. He was looking straight down my bra at the handfuls of soft flesh threatening to spill over the tops of the bra cups when I did it.
With his hand pressing the sponge against the window, I giggled. The water was running away. He wasn't doing a very good job because his eyes were following my every movement. I then stood up straight in just my black bra and knickers, still giggling.
I walked up to the window and stood directly in front of Sean. We stared into each other's eyes for a few moments and time seemed to stand still. It was tense and electric. I then reached round my back and unhooked the bra.
I wondered if, in all his years of window cleaning, Sean had ever watched someone strip naked in front of him, and if he had, how did I compare to them.
My pussy, clit and nipples were throbbing in time with my heart when I removed the bra and deliberately bared my young, succulent breasts to him. I giggled and covered my mouth. He almost fell off his ladder again during the exposure. For the next few moments I stood still with my arms down by my sides, showing Sean the fullness of my teen tits as if I'd been bewitched by some kind of horny spell.
Maintaining fixed eye contact, I then reached for the top window and opened it. My soft mounds pressed against the glass, squashing my areoles and nipples before everything rubbed against the chilly surface until I'd managed to open it. I then stood back and traced my fingertips up over my tummy, turning my hands to cup and lift my breasts.
Sean gulped while I moaned and licked my tongue seductively across my top lip. He looked stunned, appearing to not know what to do with himself. I then smirked, pushed my big tits together and jiggled them. The window cleaner gulped again, holding onto the ladder for dear life.
"Do you like my body, Sean?" I teased him through the open window. He nodded as if he were a mute.
Stepping further backwards away from the window, towards the side of my bed, I sat down before lying down, cupping and caressing myself as I went. Sean couldn't peel his eyes away from my tits as I groped myself only a few feet away from him.
So near, yet so far, I thought, slipping my thumbs inside the waistband and raising my arse off the bed. I watched Sean watching me as I pulled the knickers down over my butt cheeks, before raising my legs in the air to remove the piece of underwear altogether.
"Fuuuuck!" he gasped. I heard him clearly and grinned. My pussy was glistening. It was wet and swollen from all the blood pumping arousal.
I lowered my legs and then raised my knees, keeping my feet on the bed while I spread my slender smooth pins apart, opening myself up for a proper exposure. I was so turned on I was moaning quietly but sighing deeply.
Get a good look at me, Sean, I spoke in my head, exposing my shaven, teen cunt to a man old enough to be my father.
The temperature inside my bedroom was red hot, or so I felt with my body burning with sexual desire and energy. It was way better than any legal highs I'd done with my college friends.
Flat on my back with my head raised to look at Sean, he was gripping his ladder. I guessed he had dropped the sponge. He was drooling and staring without it. I grabbed my tits again and squeezed them hard, arching my back off the bed as I did it. I let out a loud groan and flicked my hips.
I knew Sean was getting a real good look at my horny, naked body. He could see my pubic mound was bald. He could see my young vulva and vagina was open and wet, but still tight.
Needing to cum, I broke my own rules. I had to masturbate right there and then with the window cleaner watching me. I wanted him to see how I did it. I wanted Sean to go home later and shoot thick, warm cum from his cock over an image I'd burned into his memory forever.
Back then my clit was where all the magic happened when I rubbed one out. It still is. My clitoris and I were more than close. She was my master, making me look after her everyday. She would let me know when she needed rubbing and I would have to submit to the carnal urges she inflicted upon my young fickle mind and needy body. Sean got to see it in real time, up close and personal through my bedroom window.
Teasing my body with fingertip strokes all over it, my hands eventually ended up at my breasts. I circled around and inside my areoles before giving my nipples some much needed squeezing, flicking and pinching.
"Bad, naughty nipples," I giggled, not judging my tendency to act freakish when I masturbated. Sean looked mesmerised.
After playing with my hard teats for a few moments, I traced my fingertips down to where the real entertainment was going to be. My aching pussy. I used one hand to spread my juicy lips and another to rub my clit. I started slowly, moaning and arching on bed.
"You're so fucking hot!" I heard Sean say. I didn't care if my neighbours could see or hear the window cleaner getting excited at my bedroom window about something. It was hot to finally hear his voice.
My eyes were lazily opening and closing. I was getting lost and found before getting lost again. I gave my clit a break and slipped two fingers into my body, slowly fucking my pussy.
"Uhhhh!" I cried out. "Uhhhhhhhh!"
"Fuck, Louise!" Sean grunted outside my window.
Returning to rub my throbbing clit, I gave her a hard workout, edging myself to an orgasm before slipping two fingers back inside my pussy again.
"Oh! Fuck!" I screamed. "Ah! Ah! Yes! Fuck me!" I cried out, imagining I had a nice big cock inside me.
"Do you want me to?" I heard Sean bang the palms of his hands against my window. I stopped fingering and smirked. I couldn't, I told myself. You bloody well can, I then told myself.
Sitting up, looking as I were drunk from all the teasing and showing off, I smirked mischievously at Sean.
"Say it, Louise! Tell me to come inside and I'll fuck your brains out!" he begged.
His desperation and sudden eagerness to talk to me wasn't the only thing that made me crazy horny. It was his age, good looks, and because it was an opportunity to do a really slutty thing. The thought my parents might catch us only added to the thrill.
Without saying a single word, I kept the naughty smirk on my face and signalled to Sean to come inside. I beckoned him to me with my index finger. He was down the ladder like a fireman in an emergency. I laughed and turned myself around so I was facing him on the bed when he burst through my bedroom door to rescue me.
My heart was beating so fast I suddenly realised what I'd done. What I'd just agreed to. The sensible thoughts began to appear, trying to get me to change my mind and contemplate the reality of the situation, but then Sean flung open my bedroom door, frantically pulling his t-shirt over his head.
"Don't speak!" I blurted. My body was shaking with so many emotions it shook away all my confidence. "Just fuck me!"
"I never thought of you as a slut, Louise!" he smiled, taking off his boots and socks.
"I said no talking!" I laughed. "Just fuck me before my parents get back!"
Sean got undressed quicker than anyone I've ever seen, even after all these years. He jumped onto my bed with a decent sized cock in his hand, ready to plunge it inside my pussy. We didn't discuss condoms but luckily I was on the pill. He positioned his cock at my waiting hole and leaned into me, using all his weight to push his cock deep inside me.
He came down on top of my body, groaning as his hard cock penetrated my tight pussy. I gasped, wrapping my arms and legs around his body, holding him tight to me. Sean didn't wait, he didn't need to. I was dripping wet and ready to be fucked.
Groaning as he nuzzled my neck, the window cleaner started pumping my pussy with everything he had. I was screaming and begging for it, taking the full length as he moved his mouth to my tits. Sean sucked on a sensitive nipple then sucked on the other one, grunting and groaning as he filled my pussy with his cock. My screams got louder and his grunts got deeper while he fucked me as hard, fast and as deep as he could.
"Oh fuck!" I sighed. "I'm gonna cum! Yes! Harder! Harder! Fuck! Yes! Uhhhhhhhhh!"
"Mmmmmmm! You tight slut! Mmmmm!"
As the orgasm went off inside me like a volcano, Sean kept hammering away and chewing on my nipples. When it finally calmed down he told me to bend over. It was all very animalistic and aggressive. I fucking loved it. I was eighteen. I'd never been fucked and used like this before then, and I wasn't even high on drugs or alcohol. It was early in the evening while my parents were out shopping.
Sean smacked my arse hard and shoved his cock back inside my pussy from behind. We were using each other. It was filthy. I grunted with him before he held my hips and literally fucked my young brains out. We were hot and sweaty, panting and grunting as we fucked on my bed. He was using me so hard my pussy was making some pretty loud squelching and sucking noises.
It drove Sean on, making me cum again. I was burning out like a lightweight while this older experienced man used my body like a rag doll. But I hung in there, needing to feel him cum deep inside me.
"Ahhhhhh! Here it cums you fucking slut! I'm going to fill your tight cunt with so much of it!"
I started rocking back and forth to meet his demonic thrusts, but then Sean grabbed my hair and heaved me up. I screamed from the sudden shock and pain in the roots of my hair while his other hand came round the front and grabbed my tits. He squeezed them just as hard as his cock was fucking me from behind.
Then, my parents window cleaner told me to take it before he grunted in my ear and ejaculated inside my pussy. I felt him go deeper when he rose higher on his knees and plunged his spewing length as far into me as he could get it. I was moaning and gasping for breath while an older man emptied his balls into my young pussy.
"Ahhhhh! Shit!" he exhaled, finally letting go and pushing me down onto the bed. "I've seen some crazy things on the job. I've even done some crazy things, but nothing as hot as that!"
"You need to leave before my parents get back," I said tired and softly, laying face down on my bed with cum trickling from between my legs.
"I hope we get to do that again, Louise. You're hot as fuck! I hope I gave you what you needed!"
"You did," I smiled, still flat on my front, unable to move my body. "You sure did."
Sean got dressed faster than he undressed and then returned to finish cleaning all the windows. I managed to move myself to close my window and blinds before he climbed his ladder again. His cum ran down the inside of my leg so I had to go straight into the shower.
Every time Sean came to clean the windows thereafter, I made sure he couldn't see into my bedroom. I found the experience funny and exciting, and of course satisfying. But I felt ashamed and embarrassed about what I did... until the next time those carnal urges had me doing something else just as crazy.