It was as late and I was bored out of my mind. I'd been looking at my steam games and Netflix catalogue for an hour before boredom horniness started creeping in. I decided I'd rather do something a little healthy instead of jerking off once again. I put on some clothes, a hat, and my running shoes and left my house with no destination in mind.
Wandering through my apartment complex I ended up people watching. Catching glimpses of people going about their lives through open windows or on late night walks of their own. I kept walking a block, a couple blocks, some more until I was getting bored just wandering around.
It was dark and getting darker. I decided to head back home to continue my riveting night of playing and watching nothing. I cut through some neighborhoods on the way back, occasionally seeing brief views into the lives of people I'll never meet.
I took a detour from the main road on my way back. Opting instead to walk a small path running by an apartment complex when something caught my eye. A bottom floor window with the blinds down. They were old, some were at an angle leaving gaps I could see through. Maybe the owner had a cat who enjoyed batting them at 2 in the morning.
As I walked by I saw the pale color of exposed skin. The window led to a bedroom, a bed just inside aligned in the center of the wall to the left. I stopped and turned to look in.
"This is messed up I'm not some peeping Tom" I thought. "But one quick look won't hurt."
I quietly walked up closer so I could see through one of the larger gaps in the blinds. Laying on her back was a woman. Must have been in her early 20's. She was pale, lithe, and hot as hell. She was naked, the room dimly lit by some lights turned low. Propped up on a pillow behind her with knees up and legs spread. Her phone was set against a different pillow in front of her. One hand was gripping into her large breasts. Perfect pink nipples being pinched, one then the other. Her other hand was between her legs making slow circles.
The blood was flowing from one of my heads to the other, less rational, one. Before I knew it I was inching closer. I was on the side of the window closest to her, hoping that would make me hard to see. Being this close I could faintly hear her. She was moaning loudly. "Oh fuck baby... I wish you were here."
Something I couldn't hear came in response.
"Mmmmm god I miss that cock. Keep stroking yourself for me. I want to cum with you."
I couldn't help but be turned on by it. Imagining her words were meant for me.
Her hands shifted. One sliding two fingers inside herself while the other continued the circles around her clit.
"I'm... getting... close..." she moaned between held breaths. "Cum for me... fuck. Cover me in your cum. I need it. Please."
Her words began to turn to dissolve to moans. Her legs began shaking. Her fingers plunged deep inside herself. The other hand rapidly sliding back and forth against her clit. She grew silent, her eyes squeezed shut.
A moment later a loud growling moan escaped her lips.
Her legs slammed together, her body shaking. After a minute her eyes and legs reopened. Her focus now on the phone in front of her. Her hand resumed playing with her breasts and making slow strokes on her post-orgasm sensitive slit. She smiled clearly happy to be teasing whoever is on the other side of the phone.
"I needed that..." she said. Her voice quieted to where it was hard to hear anything else.
Realizing her focus would soon shift and I might be caught I peeled myself away from the window. My dick rock hard in my pants. I looked around myself knowing how bad it would be to be caught here. I continued my walk back home. Walking much quicker than before. Half because my heart was pounding in anxiety and half because I wanted to finish what was started a moment before.
I got home, laid in bed and ran over what just happened. Her face contorting in pleasure as she came. I couldn't help but get off imagining I was the one she was cumming for.
When I came back to my more rational senses I started to panic. "God I'm a fucking idiot, I should'nt have done that. It could have ended up so bad.... But fuck it was hot."
__
I love our nightly sessions. Long distance is difficult but at least we have this.
My boyfriend and I have been apart for a few months now. It started off pretty rough, we didn't know how to stay in touch, especially sexually. It was hard to satiate those urges with so many miles between us but we finally found something that, mostly, works.
Every night when we are both available we video chat one another. It starts with the "how was your day" and the "I miss yous" but quickly devolves into us taking off our clothes and cumming for each other. To be honest something about it being over video is even more exciting. It feels like someone is watching me perform.
Tonight felt even better than usual. Right before I came I swore I saw the shape of someone outside my window. I know it was just my mind playing tricks on me but fantasizing about someone seeing me cum for my boyfriend really pushed me over the edge. I feel guilty but I definitely learned something new about myself...
I should probably replace those old blinds though...