Monday afternoon at the Mall...
"Gosh it's 5:15 Paige. My mom told me to be home by 6:30. I love all this attention but, I don't want to get into trouble at home. Honestly I'm shocked that Mom let me even come along. If I hadn't told her that you and I were going to get our hair done she might not have agreed. She always liked you when we were kids."
"Patience Maddy. Our adventure isn't over yet. We can sweet talk her into not being mad, I'll just buy her something too."
"Like what? My mom is hard to buy for."
"First thing's first. SELFIE!" Paige lifts her cellphone up and yanks her childhood friend up close until a picture that satisfied them both dazzled their eyes. "Alright, now I'll send this picture to you and you send it to Nita. Once your mom sees us together, plus your new haircut and the dress I bought you she couldn't possibly get mad if you're late." She swiftly opens up her contact list then makes a face, "I don't have your cell number."
"Oh! I guess not, huh? 555-6744." She watches as Paige enters her number into her list then texts her. Once receiving the message Madison adds Paige's number to her own. From there Paige sent the photo. Immediately Madison starts writing a text to her Mom. "Here's what I'm saying to Mom...Here's a picture of Paige and I after our new haircuts." She looks up at Paige, "Seeing as she hasn't seen you in forever she won't have any clue what you look like now...anyways...I'll tell Mom that you're treating me to a makeover as my graduation gift."
"It's not a lie. I have plenty of money's. Hurry up we're almost at KFC, Beau should be here by now."
"Where did Beau go while I was in the shoe store?"
"I sent him on an errand. You'll see soon enough." Paige turns walking backwards to blow kisses at the trailing behind Jason and Donny. It suddenly occurred to her of her imaginary lover Donnie from her diary. Although modeled after her Father it was kind of cute she thought to envision this Donny as her lover. She might need to explore that vision further.
"Message sent. I hope Mom is in a good mood." As Madison continues walking she doesn't notice Paige being sneaky and lifting up the blonds skirt to let the guys see her bare bottom, her G-string lost amid the shadows of her butt crack. Yelping at the breeze Madison reacts by turning swiftly to protect herself. As fun as it was to become so open, she was still a novice in that area of expertise. At first Maddy offered an angry expression, but that quickly alternated with a vivid smile. "There's so many people around."
"That guy over there just saw your butt." Paige points at a bench. The guy sipping from a drink decided to toast Madison to prove he had. Seeing the man's grin made Madison blush but in turn flutter her fingers at him as a thank you.
"Wow! He liked what he saw. I always imagined guys wincing and running away."
"NEVER! Your big ole' booty is sexy. Don't you ever...EVER...think differently."
"I won't. I love you Paige."
"Awww!" An in stride hug rom the side made both girls giddy. The smell of friend chicken gave away their location. Locating Beau sitting at a table with a shopping bag at his feet sent the girls into a sprint. Jason and Donny were left behind unwilling to run just to keep up. They would get there at their own speed.
Catching Beau off guard Paige slid into the lengthy bench beside her buddy. Madison chose to sit on his opposite side forming a Beau sandwich.
"We're here." Paige threw her right arm around Beau's shoulder. As he reacted with a smile he looked to his right to see Madison staring at him without blinking. She joined in with a simple, "Hi."
"Get your new shoes?"
"Two pair. Donny and Jason paid for them. I let them suck my toes. Can you believe it?" She flared her eyes while still not blinking. It was unnatural to say the least.
"T-that's cool I guess." Beau felt uneasy hearing of her erotic moment. Mostly because he couldn't imagine it as true. Anything was possible though. Especially with Paige instigating things.
"What did Paige have you buy?" Maddy finally blinked while noting the bag at her feet which she had nearly trampled in sitting down so fast.
"Just...things." He swallowed knowing full well that what he had purchased from a dollar store included personal items for Madison herself. He was almost afraid to even let her look into the bag. Deciding to conceal it he leaned over Madison's lap to obtain the bag. In doing so his face caressed her bare leg along the short hemline of her dress. Her scent was still of newly bought perfume. Try as he might that did indeed force a bit of arousal. As if Paige hadn't been enough to set a fire.
Madison seeing Beau's face in her lap bulged her eyes and made her flesh turn beet red.
"You two are so cute together." Paige smirked.
"What? Together?" Beau tried to act repulsed but quickly shot a glance at Madison and changed his persona. "Sorry. I didn't mean to put my face so close to you."
"It's okay. I..." A ping on Maddy's cell halts her admission of liking his face rub over on her leg. "It's my Mom texting back." She opens her text and reads what her Mother typed back. "I adore your new haircut. Paige looks sooo grown up now. Tell her I said hello and not to spoil you too much. I'm extending your curfew until 7:30. Have fun. I love you Maddy."
"Seeee!" Paige reads while she and Maddy crushed Beau between them in sharing the cell. "I'll buy her a gift card from Bath & Body."
"When you take me home later you should come in and hand it to her. It might help ease the fact you bought me all these new clothes too."
"I can do that. She can also meet your new boyfriend." Paige giggles nudging Beau from the side. He shook his head out of disagreement. No way was he going to date Madison Daily. He would never live it down in school. Although, he did realize that school only had another four days, five with graduation night.
"I think you embarrassed Beau. I know you did me just now." Maddy confessed giving Beau a bit more room after smothering him in her presence. Not that she didn't enjoy the closeness but she was feeling his tension at Paige's insinuation. "Sorry Beau."
"I'm good. I know Paige is trying to play matchmaker.' He then points at Paige, "You're still giving me a BJ." speaking loud enough for Maddy to hear.
"Whoa!" Madison drooped her chin, "Really?"
"I promised him one. You can help." Paige flipped her tongue out at Maddy.
"I don't know about that." Maddy looked away smiling but couldn't breath suddenly. For some reason Beau found it in him to look for her real reaction to the perverse suggestion. He concluded that the girl was just on the verge of a breakdown. How very wrong he was. Unexpectedly she turned and rested her chin on her hand, elbow propping it up on the table. "I've never...I wouldn't know...how."
"Paige is joking." He defended her.
"No I'm not."
"Can I try something simple at first?" Maddy shocked them both.
Puckering her lower lip Paige ribbed Beau in the side, "Seee. You should let her at least practice on you."
"Unreal. Whatever! As long as you suck my cock until I cum."
Jason and Donny in their absence, returned with a bucket of chicken. Offering some Paige declined but did say, "We can get our fingers greasy and use them as lube on Beau's dick."
Jason chuckled, "Good thing we didn't get BBQ chicken."
"I want a handjob." Donny smirked at Paige.
"You Sir will get more than that." Another razz of her tongue led to a wag. Instantly Donny was rock hard. Looking at Jason for his reaction Paige winked, "You look like a thigh man."
"Breasts, thighs, legs, I'm easy to please."
"We'll find out soon. One promise at a time." She turns her attention to Beau, "Let that rooster out Beauagard."
"What? Right here?"
"He's chicken." Donny chuckled.
"No I'm not. There's just...I can't do it around other guys." Hearing his confession Paige realized that might actually be true. He didn't do anything at Drew's party. Nor at school. Only in her bedroom after her Father insisted on it.
"Tootsie and Footsie?" Paige baby talked with Jason and Donny offering a pouty face, "Can I get ten minutes alone with Beau? Possibly fifteen. I can hook up with you afterwards. I need to do this."
"We can do that for Lil' Bro." Jason nods biting into a chicken leg.
"We parked in the Blue lot. Spot 24. Meet us in my truck. Big white Dodge Ram. You got my cell number if you can't find us."
"I'll find you. Thank you Footsie."
"Come on Tootsie." Donny laughs at Jason. Off they went.
"Gosh Paige." Maddy watched them walk away, "You have them wrapped around your pinky."
"I'll return the favor and wrap my legs around their waists before we head home." She chuckled smugly.
"Just how much time do you think we have?" Beau narrowed his eyes.
"I'll hurry. Trust me those guys want this booty so bad they'll cum in five minutes." Ego made her a scintillating creature of habit.
Maddy shivered now holding her hands together in front of her. "Are you...really going to let me see your dick?"
"Ooooo! Maddy's getting excited. Don't let us down Beau Beau."
"Crazy! Keep a look out." He lifts his hips enough to unzip easily. Beginning his dig Paige slaps his knuckle.
"First thing...how can I look out if I'm sucking you off? Secondly, let us find him for ourselves." She removes his hand from his lap and reaches over to encourage Maddy into bringing her hand in as part of the search party. She held her breath with a hiss as Paige guided the girls fingers into the shadows of his boxers. It was easy enough to locate it once it was realized as being a very sturdy erection. Feeling flesh Maddy yelps laughing and pulls away. Paige busted up and said, "Let me help."
With practiced precision Paige led Beau's pecker out into view. Seeing his dick Maddy bulged her eyes and mumbled, "Oh my gosh. That thing is really big." Big in her eyes seeing as this was the first real penis the girl had ever seen in person. Beau was not extremely well endowed, yet not tiny by any means. Adequate was good enough for him. Hearing Maddy fawn over it was definitely a self esteem booster.
Paige fondled him from an awkward angle while observing Maddy's curiosity. She had it in her head to get things rolling and turning him over to Maddy. It didn't help as people in the food court kept walking by. Each time someone got close Beau tried to hide himself. Luckily the girls were helpful in that area. As the coast became clear Beau sat back smugly with his arms around the shoulders of both girls, Maddy drawn closer to his hip ignited a spark in her behavior. She felt that Beau really wanted her attention just as much as he did Paige's. Of course he did.
"See how I'm stroking his cock Maddy?"
"Yes. Do you like how Paige is doing that Beau?"
"Ohhh yeah! She's mastered a handjob. You're learning from the best." He bragged merely to make Paige try that much harder. "Wait until you see how good she sucks on it."
"I'll get there don't rush me." Paige snickered. "Do you want to try this Madison?"
"I...is it alright if I do?" She nibbled her lower lip while exploring Beau's thoughts on the possibility.
"Sure. You both can."
Taking a deep breath Maddy reaches in over his crown and first uses her index finger to touch it near his urethra. Blushing heavily she whispers, "It's so warm."
"Give me your hand." Paige hovers over his lap until Maddy allows her friend to carefully curl her fingers around his girth, in place of her own hand. He was really dry so Paige spit over his crown to add a bit of moistness. Seeing her do that Maddy winced with a gross expression. Paige in turn shook her head, "Relax. We're going to be swapping spit when we both suck him off. Don't worry so much."
"I'm not worried. Wait! I'm going to suck his...whoa. Can I just get used to this first?" She strokes Beau gently, unconvinced that she was doing it properly, "Am I doing okay Beau?"
"You're doing great. You can jerk it a little faster if you want to."
"Okay. Are you sure I won't hurt you?"
"I...I...I'm sure. That feels really g...good Madison."
"Really?" Her face brightens up, snapping a glare at Paige who was very impressed with the fast learner.
Even as people shuffled by them Madison's hand failed to slow up. Nobody was really taking that big of an interest in them anyway. Her hand rhythm was so perfect that Beau truly didn't care if anybody did complain or harass them over their perversions. Paige studied the couples reaction toward one another finding them both amazed at each others emotions. Something more seemed necessary. Reaching for Beau's hand, Paige lowered it to Madison's leg. With a bit of encouragement he began to rub her leg along her hemline.
"I need to shave my legs too. Sorry if I'm a porcupine."
"They're not that prickly." He aims for a compliment, "You have really tight legs."
"You were expecting flabby weren't you?" She fidgets.
"Nooo! I saw your legs earlier remember? Your butt too. You're just heavy set due to your height is all. I think you're..." He stops to evaluate his impression of her, "really cute."
"I think you're really cute too."
"Awww!" Paige cozies up under Beau's left arm as it dangles over her breasts. She expected him to squeeze her tit but his attention seemed more toward Madison. That was a good thing. She knew her time was running out having promised Donny and Jason she would spend time with them in their truck. It was time to step things up a bit. Kicking her shoes off under the table and removing her socks Paige scooted away from Beau. Feeling her abandon his side he followed her with his eyes to figure out what she was up to. Stretching her lower body out over the lengthy bench they were sitting on, Paige moved her feet in to try something she had been wanting to do to a guy but had never done it until now. "My turn. Rest your hand for a minute."
Maddy releases Beau and shakes her hand for circulation. Beau missed her grip immediately, creasing his brow while trying to understand exactly what Paige intended. It wasn't that hard to figure out the second her feet surrounded his cock and began massaging him. It felt strange but nice just the same. Seeing her painted toes moving up and down added to his pleasure.
Maddy observing her friend found it interesting, seeing Beau's expression at her attentive tenderness made her want to try it. Giddy, Madison removed her own newly acquired shoes and slid back on the bench in the opposite direction. Intent on invading Paige's space both girls shared his cock between them. It was an interesting combat sequence. Watching them battle it out Beau grew smug. Never before had he experienced two girls at once. In a bold move Beau scanned about for safety before unbuttoning his pants and lifting his ass just enough to lower his jeans. All he wanted to do was free up his scrotum. Once his balls popped into view Maddy made certain her toes played with them first. Paige let her friend enjoy herself.
"They're so squishy." Maddy whispers giggling.
"I think we should call Maddy here, Twinkle Toes." Paige snickered.
"Madison chuckled, "As long as you don't say this little piggy went to market, this little piggy stayed home I'll accept Twinkle Toes." Even she was prone to fat jokes.
"None of that." Paige points with a bit of scrutiny in her gaze.
"I'm used to it. If I can laugh at myself how can I not laugh at others?"
"You two are killing me." His erection had gone purple. His balls tightening up under Maddy's playfulness. He needed more stimulation, lowering his eyes to peer up Maddy's skirt at her new G-string. In doing so he could see a bit of camel toe. Yup! Twinkle Toes fit her well. It certainly brought a twinkle to his eyes.
"I'm gonna get things started then turn it over to Maddy." Paige looks around her as her feet make their escape. Sitting up straight the gorgeous redhead coupled her hair before leaning over Beau's crown. Maddy began to remove her feet when Paige's free hand stopped her from leaving his sack. Holding her foot made Maddy laugh and support her upright body to maintain balance. Beau offered help by holding her left leg up under her dress skirt, his fingers only an inch from touching her G-string. Maddy bit her lower lip at how close his hand was. Between that and watching Paige flick her tongue over his mushroom Maddy sat in awe.
"Fuck that feels good." Beau shuddered the second Paige swallowed his cock, moving up and down over it. Madison pouted slightly, she wasn't certain about following Paige's lead. She could see how much Beau loved getting head but she worried that she might not be as talented. After two minutes of sucking him off Paige lifts away wiping her chin on his shirt. Sitting back Paige grins at Maddy.
"Your turn Twinkle Toes."
"I...I don't know if I can." Maddy confesses watching as Beau shares a look of disappointment. His needy expression made her feel bad. Growling under her breath Maddy took time to look around for safety and held back her blond locks. Whining she hovers her mouth over him and whispers, "I hope I can make you smile Beau." A sample lick she found his taste interesting. Taking a deep breath she just goes for it. Taking in as much of him as her throat allowed she began to moan. Both Beau and Paige realized that Maddy was getting into it. Proud of her Paige pats Beau's chest.
"You two have fun. I'm going to go have fun with two." She laughed at her play on words, "You know what to do Beau Beau. Don't fail me."
"I...I fuck...she's really good at this...I...won't fail you." He stuttered, gasping as her tongue grazed his foreskin. Maddy was lost in the moment. Beau put his arms behind his head and watched her feed. Beau knew a number of people had witnessed them but shrugged off any paranoia. Mainly because they smiled at him. Any other emotion he might have panicked. Shoes back on, Paige slipped away without her even noticing.
Heating up over ten minutes of Maddy's relentless throat thrusts, Beau felt the urge to caress her hair and prepare for detonation. She trembled at his touch. Another two minutes he groans knowing that at any second he was going to nut. His thoughts bordered on whether to warn her or let her be surprised. He was more surprised because he found her fingers squeezing his balls. Did she know to do that?
"Fuuuuuuuuuuucccccccckkkkk!"
Madison Daily alias Dolly Madison had crème filling injected into her cheeks. Caught off guard she lifts away with jizz all over her tongue and lips. Staring at Beau she didn't know what to do. In a shuddering move he hands her his drink cup as if to use it as a spittoon. Maddy realizing the taste was not so bad overcame her traumatized reaction. With a deep breath she closes her mouth and savors the flavor. Not so bad she shrugs faintly and swallows. Beau sat there with his own jaw wide.
"Y...you swallowed me."
"I didn't want to disappoint you." She sheepishly lowered her gaze.
"That was incredible."
"Really?"
"You can suck me off whenever you want to."
"Okay." She smiles and turns red. "Where did Paige go?"
"To hook up with those two guys."
"Do we just sit here until she's done?" Maddy felt lost.
"No. Let's go back to my car. I'm...I'll just show you when we get there." He zips up and retrieves the shopping bag under the table. Maddy putting her shoes back on couldn't stop licking her lips. Beau noticed and grew smug. Standing up, he rounds the table and takes Maddy by the hand pulling her up. "Mind if I hold your hand while we walk to my car?" No words relayed Maddy just shook her hand and blushed. Beau led the way, she followed. Maddy was proud of her accomplishments.
Outside, the mall Paige had found Donny and Jason. They were sitting on the trucks lowered tailgate eating chicken. Spotting her the bucket was set aside in favor of greeting her. Having found them Paige skipped the remainder of the way to them. Her braless chest bouncing about under her t-shirt. Both men stared with drool forming. Looking around for security reasons Paige was probably a little too courageous. People were looking for parking spots still when she whipped her shirt over her head and continued racing toward Jason and Donny. Her pants were unzipped at thirty feet away, clutch purse on it's chain darting about. She loved the freedom. They loved the show.
Reaching them she jumped directly into Donny's arms and wrapped her legs about his waist as he stood next to the still seated Jason. She kissed Donny without concern of public viewing. His greasy hands slid under the back of her pants and clutched her bare butt. Jason watching them puckered at her steamy arrival. As a car drove right by them Donny twisted in step to use his body to block any direct visual of her semi nudity. A toot from the driver made it known he was aware. Jason saw the driver salute laughing.
"Better get her inside the truck before anyone else sees her." Jason prompted.
Kiss broken Donny turns, carrying her to the tailgate. Sitting her down on it he shakes his head at her beauty. Without a single word spoken Donny removed her shoes and tossed them in the bed of the truck. She in turn threw her t-shirt and purse over her head giggling. From there Donny yanked her pants over her legs, until vacating her body entirely. Paige Turner was commando, therefore that sexy redhead was naked at the mall. As Jason whistles Donny grabs her ankles and lifts her legs until she loses upper body balance. His face navigates between her thighs and lets his hunger claim her pussy. She yelped laughing, then swiftly went into dramatic moaning. Jason kept watch. More on Paige, than traffic. The little bitch was sexy as fuck. Her childlike taunts only adding to the erotic display. Let the world see, Jason wasn't missing out on her every sound, every emotion, every dirty little words spoken. Who wouldn't adore a sweet young thing saying, "Eat my clittycat." Certainly not Jason.
Paige Turner found rapid fingers sinking beneath Donny's tongue. Howling and whimpering like a puppy lost in a thunderstorm it took mere moments for her to squirt all over Donny's face. Eating her harder than ever merely led to a second wave in a turbulent sea. Donald had a talented appetite.
Jason having had enough of playing lookout crawled up into the bed of the truck and pulled his jeans down to his knees just to beat off beneath the evening sky. Just hearing Paige's echoing moans was enough to instigate his own pleasure. All he could hope for was that Paige would offer him some attention once Donny was done setting the table. Realizing his selfishness Donny backed off leaving Paige breathless. Forcibly rolling her over to let her observe Jason, Donny nudged her to her knees. From there she crawled across the truck bed and right over Jason's lap. Sucking his dick was enough for Jason to be a happy man.
Watching her bent over Donny wiped his jawline inspecting her cute little clam as her ass swayed from side to side, like a puppy wagging its tail in her vigorous feast. Easing the tailgate up and latching it, Donny climbs up and over. With the bed walls hiding them he unzipped his own jeans, lowering they and his briefs until his eight inch pecker popped free. Moving in behind her he nails that pussy roughly, gripping her hair in a one handed grasp, while spanking her with his free hand. Jason held her faces while she ravaged his shaft in saliva and friction. Rock the boat Baby. That truck was testing it's shocks.
Four rows over in the parking lot...
"Are we waiting for her in your car then?" Maddy questioned as he opened the back door of his beater and set about cleaning up the mess within. He wasn't exactly a neat freak. Even though she had already ridden back there amid the chaos of garbage and an old jacket that had been there for months, he felt now was the time to do spring cleaning. Once the seat was empty he stood back and waved her in as if a gentleman holding the door for a glamorous lady. Madison Daily swallowed dryly, "I take that as a yes."
"Had to clean things up before I...clean things up." He chuckled watching her crawl inside and sit in the middle. Straightening her skirt beneath her while he places her shopping bags in his trunk, she fidgets. What had Beau meant. Then, something occurred to Maddy. Freezing in thought she awaited to see if she was right. Beau shows her the small bag with the items he had purchased. Sitting on the seat next to her he unpacks things.
"Oh gosh. You're not really going to..." She trembles biting her lip.
"Shave you? No I only bought shaving cream, razors, travel sized scissors, and bottled water for myself." He chuckled, "Do you trust me?"
"I think so. I'm really nervous about this Beau. I've never been with a guy before. I mean it's not like we're...you know...but still...seeing my...upfront and personal scares me."
"Sit back and relax. I'll be gentle." She timidly does her best while facing him, her back to the door on the other side. "Ummm! Might want to take that thong off."
"I can't believe I'm going to let you...shave me." She hikes her skirt and squirms out of her G-string. Beau sat there huffing his cheeks. This was a first for him too. His face was cleanshaven for a reason. He couldn't grow hair even if he wanted to have a beard, therefore, never once had he shaved himself. Realizing that he found a white towel that he had used when going swimming a few weeks back and had her sit on it. "To catch the hair." He chuckled nervously. He hoped like hell it wasn't needed for anything else.
Using his drink cup to pour the bottled water in as a soap dish he then opens the razors to get one ready. From there he set those aside to spend time snipping at her pubes. Clearing the foliage he found her clitoris, labia moist and pink. Both of them shivered. She did tell him to be careful the thinner her hair got. Concluding that the confinement of the backseat was too tedious Beau made a decision. "Let's take this to the hood..."He eyes her own hood between her legs calling out to him, "...of my car."
"Outside? What if people see us?"
"Live a little. I need better light anyway."
Maddy whimpers as he steps out of the car and takes his supplies to the hood. Terrified by the idea she follows him out. He quickly gathers the towel and puts it on the hood for her to sit on. Helping her up on to the hood he watches him lift her skirt to inspect what he had already accomplished. Snipping more closely around her inner thighs he felt ready to shave her. Wetting the area first, he then sprayed shaving cream on his palm. Setting the can aside he lathers up both hands before applying the lather over her pubes. His fingers touching her clit sent lightning through her entire body. Her eyes flared and as they had earlier when she refused to blink. Spending time teasing her labia she giggles. "You're doing that on purpose."
"You complaining?"
"No." She shyly whispers. He found that really sexy. Who would have thought he would find Dolly Madison this appealing? Her makeover caught him off guard. She was actually really pretty. Nice too. The curves? Pleasantly attractive.
Beau took the razor and very carefully began to remove the hair. After a tedious five minutes 90% of her pubic region was smooth. Now came the delicate part of shaving around tender areas. Neither of them even noticed people walking by, probably a good thing. Nobody even glanced their way.
"Almost done. I'm not going to shave too close I might cut you. I don't need you to bleed out." He laughs.
"Beau?"
"Yeah?"
"Risk it. Please." She melted his senses with trembling eyes wanting him to touch her private parts. Nodding he dampened the area more and trimmed ever so closely until he was shocked that not once had he cut her. Puckering at the job he had done, their attention waned over a direct eye contact. "Thank you Beau."
"I wonder how much longer Paige is gonna be? It's getting close to 7:00."
"I have to be home at 7:30. Maybe we should call her."
Before either of them could drag out a phone they hear a loud display of screams. They knew that voice anywhere. Looking about for the direction of the source as her verbal cries continued, they laughed. Staring at one another out of disbelief Beau moved closer between Maddy's now dangling legs. In a bold move Beau Stewart leaned in and kissed her. Maddy blushed yet fed upon his tender lips. From there he helped her down leaving their shaving equipment on the car hood. Together they returned to his backseat to make out. No way was Madison Daily getting home on time. Not even the Bath & Body gift certificate that Paige had Beau buy would keep her out of trouble.
Finishing up with her third orgasm while now riding Jason's cock Paige Turner was a ball of sweat. Donny stood outside leaning on the drivers side bed to give his friend space. Fully dressed of course. As Jason nudges her off to position her he stands up proudly stroking his cock for all to see. Donny applauding him with a whistle and a "HELL YEAH." watched Jason cum on Paige's face. She ate it up patting her palms together.
"Ice cream sundae." She giggled playfully as her glasses were coated in jizz. Licking her lips she shared a bright smile up at her suitor. Seeing people Jason lost his nerve and pulled his pants up. All three of them busted up. "What time is it?" She had a mini panic attack finding her pants to locate her cell. "It's 7:15. I have to go."
"Get dressed and I'll help you down." Donny motioned.
She swiftly pulled herself together and stood up. Licking the lens of her glasses of cum she sighs, "I wish I had more time to spend with you." She sits on the side of the bed as Donny picks her up standing her on the asphalt. She hugged him tightly as Jason hops down behind her. Another hug leads to an, "I'll text you guys later."
She took off running one direction then stopped for bearings before turning and running back past them. In her confusion she laughed telling the guys, "Watch my booty shake." They most certainly did. She vanished amid the cars.
Five minutes of searching she found Beau's car. Draped over the backseat door she found something that made her pause and whine. "Oh no! Beau..."
"We're back here." He called out.
Paige wincing at a red towel tried to ignore it. On tip toe she glared inside to find Beau laying over Madison. Her dress was up to her neck, nude otherwise. Maddy's leg rises to touch the door sill and drags the towel inside.
"Did you cut her badly?" Paige creased her brow out of concern.
"Not once did I cut her." He sat up grinning.
Looking over at their laps Paige bulged her eyes, "OHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
Maddy couldn't contain her emotions any longer.
"I LOST MY VIRGINITY."
Opening the door Beau got out to stretch and pull his pants up. Paige could only stare in awe. Still bleeding but hardly as bad Maddy crawled out to clean up better. Using the remainder of the bottled water and the towel the trio stood in silence. Finally, Paige accepted the situation.
"Maybe we should swing by a carwash."
After a stunned reaction to her thought Maddy hugged her bestie. At least her new dress wasn't ruined. Gathering their stuff Beau took Maddy home. Paige went inside to apologize for keeping her out so long. Surprisingly, Maddy's mom Nina was grateful and did indeed like her gift certificate. Beau remained in the car smiling from ear to ear.
It was a safe bet that from this night forward Madison Daily would stand proud. In the coming months she would keep Beau on his toes. The twinkle ever present.
Paige Turner was one hell of a matchmaker.
=====================================
COMING SOON : PAIGE 27 : CONNECT FOUR