Author's note: I have not posted chapters 28-31 because they do not contain any Exhibitionist elements and so would not fit with the category here on Literotica that I am posting under. I don't believe it affects the overall story to skip it. All you need to know is that Lisa has a discussion and an experience with a friend from University that helps her make her peace with her love for her best friend Becky and accept her sexuality, and with it her own appreciation of Becky's "naked side"...
Chapter 32 -- Christmas at Home
The Lisa who boarded the train home a week before Christmas was a different girl to the one who had left for university in September.
The term, and all its experiences, had changed her. She felt, for perhaps the first time, like her head was clear. At last, she knew who she was.
She was no longer consumed with angst about her feelings for Becky, and no longer troubled by her role in her friend's exhibitionist escapades. Where once she had been sick with jealousy and insecurity, dwelling on the meaning of her strange and unwelcome feelings towards her friend and her ability to manage them in the face of Becky's own constant confidence, now she felt calm and happy, and excited for the prospect of reunion with Becky and all it may bring.
She loved Becky, she knew that now. She was attracted to her physically, and emotionally. She adored her friend, she thought she was the most beautiful girl she had ever laid eyes on, and the thought of them being together, even just as friends, filled her with nothing but happiness.
She understood that loving Becky, that loving another woman, did not mean her life needed to be complicated, awkward, full of troubling self-analysis. She knew now that it didn't matter what her sexuality had been, or may be in future; that she didn't need to always define herself by terms that didn't fit. All that mattered was what she thought would make her happy at the time.
She no longer felt awkward or embarrassed by Becky's constant need for nakedness, her obsession with exhibitionism. In fact, she loved that her friend was an exhibitionist, she realized now. She thrilled to remember Becky's adventures and her role in them, and felt privileged that her friend was so comfortable around her that she felt no need for clothes, that the two of them had shared and bonded over so many unimaginable activities so far removed from what it was normal for two teenage best friends to get up to together.
She no longer feared or worried about sex, about being seen as a woman with her own sexuality. She no longer felt like the back of the class, the last to learn, destined only for disappointment. Sex with a man, or a woman, was no longer something that only other people did. She was not an unattractive lump but a desirable woman in her own right, more than worthy of the love and affection of the person she chose to be with.
Still, though, she wondered. What would the immediate future hold? She wanted now so badly to tell Becky all of this, to tell her exactly who Lisa was, who she wanted to be, and who she wanted to be it with. And for the first time she felt that such confession may bear fruit, rather than be rejected. But how to tell her? And when? The act of telling had to mean something, had to be right -- choose the wrong moment, and she might still risk losing Becky forever.
--
The last few weeks of term had been frantic, with an array of coursework to be prepared for. All the students were going home with multiple essays that needed to be handed back once they returned, and so the giant suitcase Lisa lugged to the railway station was as much stuffed with books as it was the clothes and other sundries she needed for Christmas at home with her family.
She'd made brief visits home once or twice during the previous term and her mum, dad and brothers had called on her at university once or twice for a day out and dinner. But this was really her first true visit home since leaving for uni in the summer -- the first time she would be expected so slot back into her old home life, and the first time she would be around long enough to reunite not just with Becky, but with other friends as well.
--
It was also, both for Becky and herself, the first proper trip home since the local paper had published the scandalous story that sightings had happened all over town of the "mystery nudist" -- and since most people who knew Becky had put two and two together and figured out that the girl who had been going naked in public and her clothed accomplice were Becky and Lisa respectively.
Lisa's parents had asked her about it before, of course. They weren't as in-tune to the town gossip as many others, but it had eventually reached them that their daughter's best friend since childhood, a young woman they treated as very much their own daughter, had been publically misbehaving over the previous summer, exposing herself with little regard for who saw -- and that their first-born child had somehow been an accomplice to this.
Lisa had played down any concerns that her mother and father had brought up, when they finally asked her about it. She'd passed Becky's behavior off as isolated incidents of high spirits; simply a young woman letting loose in the period between school ending and university. And she'd reassured her parents that at no point had she and Becky been in any danger, and that while Becky was liberal about stripping off, Lisa's clothing had remained 100% on.
None of that was true, of course. Becky's serial exhibitionism and growing passion for nudism was certainly not limited to one or two isolated incidents but many escapades, sometimes with an element of risk far greater than should be reasonably acceptable. And even though Lisa had no interest in exhibiting herself in the same way, her experiences on holiday over the summer with her friend had left her without her own clothes on one or two occasions (even if they weren't experiences she was in a hurry to repeat).
Lying to her mum and dad hadn't been easy for Lisa, who had always been a truthful child. But she told herself it was for their own good -- if they knew the truth, they would worry more than they needed to about her and her friendship with Becky. It may even colour their opinion of Becky much more negatively for them to know exactly what she had been doing -- and Lisa wanted to protect her friend from the judgement of people who had previously loved her and might, if they learned about the true nature of her predilection for nudity, think less of her for it.
But she was still aware, coming home for Christmas, that it wasn't necessarily a closed issue, and indeed it came up the first evening she was back home for dinner, when her father asked her what her plans for the holiday would be.
"Will you be seeing Becky, at all?" her father had asked.
Lisa nodded enthusiastically. "Yeah, of course!"
"Oh..." her mother said, managing in one syllable to convey a wealth of implication that she did not necessarily feel this would be a good idea.
Lisa raised an eyebrow, but before she could say anything, her father continued: "That business over the summer. Becky... exposing herself. Getting in the paper and on the internet. It worried us."
Lisa tried to be concillatory. "I know, dad," she said. "It's okay though. It wasn't a big thing, no matter how it looked online. It's all fine now."
Her dad didn't appear to be listening. "We didn't know what to make of it," he continued.
"We talked to Denise," Lisa's mum interjected. Denise was Becky's mother. "She didn't know what to make of it, either."
"What do you mean, mum?" Lisa asked.
"Well," her father continued. "Running about in the altogether. In front of those boys at the cinema, and the young man in the shop..."
"You'd tell us if something was going on?" her mum said. "If Becky was... if you were... getting into trouble with boys."
Not for the first time, Lisa cursed the euphemistic language her parents used when discussing anything to do with her and the opposite sex. They were both doctors, they knew all about human anatomy, yet when it came to their daughter and the notion that she might have, or one day have, a sex life of some sort, they became increasingly tongue-tied.
"You think those guys made her take her clothes off?" she hazarded.
"No, well, not exactly... Becky's always been so confident, she's never been the easily-led type, we know that about her. But we just don't understand why she was doing those things."
Lisa leaned back in her chair, taking a deep breath.
"It's not like that, mum. Becky, well, she just sort of prefers having no clothes on. She's kind of a nudist."
Her mum actually laughed, somewhat derisively.
"What, Health & Efficiency, all that sort of thing?" said her dad, drawing a blank from Lisa.
"I've no idea what that is, dad! But yeah, Becky just likes being naked. It's just that... sometimes, she does it in places she shouldn't."
"Well," her mother said, "I never would have put it down to that."
"Isn't that a bit... well, odd?" her dad asked.
Lisa laughed. "Yeah, I guess it is. But, well, she's fine. She just likes being in her natural state."
Her mum frowned. "Natural state? That's all well and good I suppose but I draw the line at running round in public with everything out. Whatever happened to modesty?"
Lisa turned to her mum. "There's nothing bad about what Becky does, mum. There's nothing shameful about her body. She's not ashamed of it, why should she be?"
"I'm not saying she should be ashamed," her mother countered. "But we have modesty for a reason."
"It isn't safe," her father added. "If she's out and about like that and something were to happen to her... to you..."
"What?" Lisa exclaimed. "What do you mean by that?"
"Well," her dad spluttered, "you know... girls out wearing scanty clothes -- or nothing at all in this case. It's inviting... attention..."
Lisa's eyes narrowed. "You mean if Becky does things like this she's more likely to get raped?" she said in a level tone.
Almost relieved, her father nodded. He obviously hadn't been comfortable with saying the words in connection to his daughter's best friend, but he clearly felt the sentiment.
"So what you're saying is, if a girl goes out with very little on, or if she takes off her clothes the way Becky does, that she's inviting attention from the sort of men who would... attack her like that?" Lisa said icily. "What you're saying is, if a girl goes out and doesn't cover up, she can expect to be raped?"
"Don't put words in your father's mouth!" her mother warned, but Lisa pressed on.
"You're saying a girl who isn't careful, isn't modest, should accept being raped as inevitable?" she asked, her voice rising in anger. "What about the men doing the raping? Can't we expect them to control themselves if they see a naked girl? Can't we teach them that skimpy clothes and exposed skin aren't an invitation to rape? Can't we respect women whether they're dressed modestly or not?
"What about a woman's right to wear what she wants without being afraid?" she demanded. Her parents looked awkwardly stunned. "What about Becky's right to be herself?"
They gave no reply, apparently wishing they had never raised the subject with their now infuriated daughter.
"You know what," Lisa said by way of a conclusion, "I actually think she's right. The world's got a pretty screwed up attitude to nakedness and women, and it shouldn't be Becky's problem to deal with that. She's happy being who she is and I'm glad of that."
Chapter 33 -- Friends Reunited
Lisa saw Becky a couple of times over the next few days. Her friend had arrived home at similar time to her, and once they had spent sufficient time catching up with their families, they were eager to reconnect.
To her parents' credit, Lisa's mum and dad showed none of the hostility or concern towards Becky that they had voiced that night at the dinner table. Indeed, the matter of Becky's appearances in the local newspaper, or Lisa's subsequent disclosure that her friend was a nudist, received no mention when she was with them in the house.
Well, almost no mention.
"Morning Becky," Ben, Lisa's younger brother called as he noticed her arrival.
"Morning, Ben," she replied cheerfully.
"Got a joke for you," he grinned.
Becky groaned. "Go on then," she replied.
"Knock, knock."
"Who's there?" she answered.
"Ant."
"Ant who?"
Ben guffawed. "Ant got any clothes on!"
Even Becky had to laugh at that one.
It did make Lisa wonder, though. Obviously her two brothers knew at least something of the rumours or realities around Becky and her exhibitionism. In all likelihood they had seen the story on social media or the local paper's website, and may well even have found their way to see unedited versions of the photos from the cinema or the shop CCTV that were floating around in the ether.
Lisa wondered how it had been for them, to see this girl, who was like one of their own family, without her clothes on. Would it have been like them seeing their own sister naked? Or would they have been thrilled by it, finally getting to glimpse her beautiful friend, on whom they may well have nursed crushes at one time, in the altogether?
--
While in her family home the spectre of the scandal of Becky's exhibitionism becoming common knowledge had apparently dissipated, elsewhere it lingered, creating tensions even during the happy holidays.
Things, Lisa learned, were still a little strained between Becky and her mother over not just Becky's appearances online, but the wider implications for her home life that those had revealed. The knowledge that her daughter had been practicing a fairly dedicated nudist lifestyle since her early teens behind her back was taking some getting used to for Becky's mother, and in typical Becky fashion, her daughter wasn't exactly helping matters.
To Becky, Lisa realized, the fact that she had now been forced to confess her nudism to her mother was all it took to normalize it. Now her mum knew that she preferred to be without her clothes on when at home, Becky reasoned, she should not be surprised or raise objection about Becky doing so. Becky felt that now she had declared herself a nudist, she should be free to walk around naked regardless of whether her mother was out, or home.
Becky's mum, conversely, took the view that even if Becky was Queen of the Nudists, for as long as she lived in her house, she should follow the rules of her house -- namely that Becky's nudity should remain confined to times when there was nobody in the house save Becky.
Lisa could see both points, although ultimately she felt a greater sympathy with Becky. She knew being able to be comfortable, in her own skin, at home was important to Becky, and likewise she didn't really understand how a mother could feel discomfort at the thought of seeing her adult daughter's naked body. She supposed it came less down to the nakedness itself, and more the need Becky's mum had to feel respected by her daughter, something that had been a long-standing difficulty between them thanks to her mum's worries as a single parent and her fear that by being forced to work much of Becky's childhood, she had let her daughter "run wild."
To her credit, though, Lisa never saw Becky force the issue. Around her mother she was always careful to be clothed, although she frequently, and apropos of nothing, complained about the requirement.
--
They'd not seen their other friends yet, although Lisa had plans from a Facebook group they'd set up for a mini reunion in the local pub one day before Christmas. When she mentioned this to Becky though, her friend looked surprised.
"I haven't heard anything about that?" she exclaimed, scrolling fairly frantically through her own social media. Sure enough, when Lisa checked the invited participants in the group, Becky wasn't among them.
Becky, it seemed, wasn't invited.
This was a cause for more than a little consternation among both girls. Becky was bewildered, genuinely fearing that being left out was some sort of message that she was no longer welcome among their old friends. Lisa, ever the peacemaker, took the view that she was certain it was just an oversight on behalf of the person who had put the group together.
"They probably forgot half the names," she reassured her friend. "You know how these things are. Of course you'll be welcome. You can come with me, we'll go together."
Privately, though, she wondered if she believed it herself.
Her worst fears were confirmed when the two girls arrived at the pub in their Christmas finest. The majority of their friends had already assembled -- including many who neither girl had seen since Becky's party.
They were all engaged in friendly conversation -- but when Becky walked in a pace or two behind Lisa, silence fell.
"Um, hi everyone," Lisa called awkwardly.
"Hi Lisa," replied a girl named Ashley, who Lisa knew had been the organizer of the get-together. "And Becky!" she exclaimed, her voice filled with sarcasm. "So good to see you. I almost didn't recognize you with your clothes on..."
So, thought Lisa, that's what's going on. She recalled that Ashley, and her boyfriend Mark, had been at Becky's party, and she guess that Ashley was one of the girls who had subsequently voiced displeasure at Becky's willingness to bare all and the way it had... distracted their boyfriends.
Becky blushed. "Hi Ash," she said quietly.
"Um," Lisa said, "is everything alright?"
"Of course," Ashley replied through a fixed smile. "It's nice to see you... both."
"I can go," Becky said in a subdued voice.
"No, stay!" exclaimed another girl, Melanie. "Every party needs a stripper!" There was a smattering of laughter, although Lisa noted that many of their friends simply looked uncomfortable at the exchanges and, she surmised, were probably not as hostile to Becky's presence as Ashley, Melanie and some of the others.
She looked at the familiar faces -- and counted a few absences. Most notably, in fact, were Ben and Amanda, the couple Becky had gone to bed with after the party. While it had never been openly revealed in their circle of friends that they'd had their threesome, Lisa was certain some gossip must have circulated, and she wondered if Ashley excluding Becky had just been about her behavior at her party, or if it indicated some desire to cleanse their friendship group of anyone who might be considered tainted by such rumours.
She didn't have to wait long for her answer. She and Becky settled themselves in among a group who seemed somewhat less bothered that Becky was there -- or perhaps even unaware she was not supposed to be -- and gradually things returned to something approaching a normal social occasion, albeit one with tangible tension between certain parties.
A drink or two in, Becky got up to use the bathroom.
"Try not to fall out of your clothes on the way!" Ashley called after her -- causing more than a few heads in the pub to turn their way.
"What's with you?" Lisa asked the other girl angrily as soon as Becky was out of earshot.
"Don't give me that," Ashley replied hotly. "You brought her."
"Yes, because she's my friend. And I thought she was supposed to be your friend too, Ash?"
Ashley made a face. "Maybe, before we all found out what a pervert she is."
Lisa shook her head, her blood rising. "Becky's no pervert," she said coldly. "She's the same person she's always been, she's our friend."
Ashley laughed. "Come off it," she said scornfully. "She's not normal. Who comes down at their birthday party stark naked in front of everyone and expects them all to just act like it's no big deal?"
"I don't remember you telling her there was anything wrong with it," Lisa pointed out. "You were there, she asked you all if you wanted her to get dressed and you all said nothing."
"I- I was in shock," Ashley complained. "I didn't know what to think, I thought she was having a gag or something. Maybe I'm just polite," she added pointedly.
Lisa shrugged. "Point is, you're giving her a hard time for something that happened on one occasion months ago. You've known Becky for years, and you're treating her like crap because she made a bit of a tit of herself at one party?"
Someone, one of the boys, laughed at the unconscious innuendo, but Ashley wasn't amused.
"It's not just that," she said venomously. "All that stuff in the paper? Online? Her running about in the nuddy at the cinema, and in Discount Booze? Of course," she added, "you know all about that."
"She's a weirdo," Ashley concluded, "and you're probably one too."
"No, she's not. I... I'm not..."
Lisa turned. Becky had returned from the bathroom, unbeknownst to either Lisa or Ashley, and had apparently heard at least the tail end of their conversation. Now she stood awkwardly, hands by her sides, her expression crushed. The confident, happy Becky that Lisa had known and had seen come back during her visit to her university seemed to have vanished again, and her friend was now on the verge of tears.
But Ashley wasn't moved to sympathy. Momentarily taken aback that Becky had heard her, she rallied nevertheless, turning on the brunette girl.
"Yes, you are. There's something wrong with you, Becky O'Neill, in your head. Maybe it's cos your dad up and died, maybe you just need the attention from men, maybe you're just a slut..."
"Shut UP!"
Lisa had shouted before she even realized. She stood, open-mouthed for a moment, until she realized Ashley's attention was back to her.
"Excuse me?" the other girl said.
"Shut up, you horrible, spiteful little cow," Lisa spat. "How dare you speak to Becky like that? How could you? How could you ever say something like that to anyone and think you're still a good person?"
Ashley's face fell. She apparently realized that her words had been even more venomous than she intended -- but she wasn't about to give in. "Well, alright..." she conceded. "But it isn't normal. Running around in the nude in front of everyone, showing everything off, getting a kick out of it. It's weird."
"So what if it is?" Lisa retorted. "So someone's a bit different. So they do something you don't understand. That doesn't give you the right to make fun of them and insult them and treat them like they aren't your friend."
"Hang on," one of the others piped up, "we're not talking about someone being 'a bit different' here. We're talking about indecent exposure."
"Really?" Lisa said. "There's nothing indecent about the human body. Becky's harmed nobody with what she does."
"Not true," Melanie interjected. "It's not good for women, girls like her. Making herself an object. Gives men the idea that we're all sexy little minxes available for them to ogle."
"And that's her fault, is it?" Lisa countered. "Some bloke sees her and gets the idea in his head that all women are the same as her in what she does, and that's somehow Becky's fault?"
"No, but if she didn't act that way, it wouldn't be a problem!"
"So what you're saying is, because some men think a certain way, a woman shouldn't do something she enjoys, that makes her happy?"
"No! You're -- you're twisting my words!"
"Alright, maybe I am a little, but what I'm saying is, maybe instead of giving Becky grief because of who she is, as her friends we should give her a little support?"
"It's still bloody weird," said one of the lads. Most of the guys had apparently not had a dog in this particular fight -- after all, Becky was very easy on the eye, and Lisa doubted you would find too many guys who would aggressively assert the idea that her being naked as much as she wanted was somehow a bad thing.
"And?" Lisa objected. "We're all weird, we all have things we do that are weird. Everyone does. The only difference is, Becky's stood up and admitted to everyone how weird she is. She's decided to own that weirdness, to say 'this is me, this is who I am'. She's not keeping her weirdness a secret, she's living her life honestly and openly. You don't have to like what she does or agree with it, but you should respect that it's her thing, part of who she is...
"And it takes bravery to do that when you know that your weirdness is something that people might judge you for. Much more bravery than leaving someone off a Facebook group without telling them because you don't like the fact they are free about nudity.
"I'm proud to be her friend, I'm proud of everything she is, and if you aren't equally proud, well I guess you were never truly her friends."
--
They'd left, after that.
Lisa wasn't sure she'd won any of them over. It hadn't exactly been a rational debate on the acceptance of nudism amongst friends. More an ugly row, and now the heat had gone from her temper, Lisa felt a little embarrassed at having made such a scene.
She didn't regret it though, especially as Becky had stood, numbly, visibly hurt by the cruelty of Ashley's insult about her father. Her friend wouldn't have defended herself after that, Lisa knew, and it angered her still that Ashley had resorted to such a low, hurtful blow.
They stood in the pub car park as Becky wiped faint tears from her face, saying nothing at first.
"Thanks," Becky said eventually. "Thanks for sticking up for me in there. You're a good friend. Sometimes I think you're the only true friend I've got."
Lisa hugged Becky close. "Don't mention it," she said. "I meant what I said, too. I am proud to know you, proud of the person you are."
Becky blushed. "Even though I'm a weirdo nudist and exhibitionist? That can't be easy for anyone."
"It's easy for me..." Lisa said after a moment. Her chest felt tight, her stomach full of butterflies. She stood opposite Becky in the pub car park, their breath steaming in the cold December air. "In fact, it's the reason I fell in love with you."
Silence.
"What?" Becky said.
Lisa took a deep breath.
"I'm in love with you," she said again.
Chapter 34 -- Lisa and Becky
Lisa lay in bed back at university. It wasn't early. She'd slept late. Lectures hadn't started yet, they were still in study time, and though she had a fair amount of work to be getting on with, her time was much more her own, to use as she wished, and she was happy to use it for a lie in.
Especially, she thought as she glanced at the girl sleeping next to her in her crowded single bed, brunette curls spilling over the pillow; especially considering the company.
--
Lisa had anticipated many things when she made her confession to Becky in the pub car park. She'd imagined surprise, confusion, rejection, anger, betrayal -- even a sort of flat nothingness where the words didn't sink in and she had to repeat them over and over until Becky understood at last.
What she hadn't expected was for her friend to grab hold of her, pull her into a tight embrace and plant a flurry of excited and happy kisses all over and around her surprised mouth.
It seemed, Lisa had discovered when at last Becky had calmed down enough for her to detach herself and for both girls to make an explanation, that unrequited love had been, in this case at least, a two-way street.
For it turned out that for almost as long as Lisa had been nursing a secret, desperate yearning for her best friend, Becky had been carrying that same torch herself -- and for a lot longer than Lisa herself had been.
"Two years," Becky had admitted. She'd been in love with her best friend for two years.
"Hang on," Lisa replied. "Ryan..?"
"The reason we broke up," Becky answered. "I didn't want to date him anymore. I wanted to date you. But I didn't think you were... you know. I didn't think you were like me. I thought you just liked boys. So I didn't know what to do. But I couldn't get it out of my head, the idea, once it had lodged there. No matter where I went or what I did, I knew I didn't want anyone but you. I just... didn't know how to say it. No, I didn't think it was worth saying, because as far as I knew, you wouldn't be able to feel the same."
Lisa's eyes filled with tears. She imagined Becky nursing that secret all that time, carrying the burden of it the way she had carried her own. She imagined the pain it must have caused her friend, pain she could have taken away if only she had unburdened herself of her own secret so much earlier. She pulled Becky close, tight in her arms, and sobbed.
--
There was time enough, later, for explanations. For questions to be answered, for whole truths to be revealed.
They lay on Lisa's bed, heads together, arms round one another, and breathed. And kissed. And talked.
"When did you..?" Becky asked. Lisa had to admit she couldn't pinpoint a time when her feelings became what they were, not exactly -- but that seeing her friend so casually naked the first time they had studied together had begun her process of thinking of Becky as something more to her than just a friend.
"Hold up," Lisa said with a smile. "The whole nudist, exhibitionist type thing... was that just a way to get me to fancy you?"
Becky laughed warmly and loudly. "No! I promise you, I am genuinely as much of a nudist and as much of an exhibitionist as I have told you I am!
"But," she continued, "I suppose the way I felt about you was the reason why I told you. I could have told other people -- I could have told Ryan when we were going out, I could have told my mum... she might not have been happy but I trust her like I trust you... but I didn't. But I told you, because you felt like the only person in the world it was right to tell.
"And," she added, "I guess I figured if I told you one of my big secrets, maybe I could tell you the other one too.
"Except," she said sadly, "in the end I couldn't.
"I was going to," she said. "All summer I told myself, tell her, tell her. Plenty of times I came close, but then something always seemed to happen, something seemed to get in the way, and I told myself, next time will be the time..."
Lisa hugged the other girl tightly. "We're so daft," she said. "I was always the exact same way. I wanted to say it but I just couldn't. I nearly did, at your party, but it just came out as... well, rubbish about being mad at you, and I hated myself for that."
"Wanna know something?" Becky said. "I was gonna tell you at the party. That was gonna be the night I gave up my big secret. But all the time I was leading up to it, I was so nervous in the end that I didn't do it and... decided to tell everyone I'm a nudist instead..."
Lisa laughed in disbelief. "Becky, only you would consider showing up to a party completely naked to be a better option that telling someone you were in love with them!"
Becky groaned. "I know. I really messed up that night. I don't know what I was thinking, I must've gone temporarily mad from the stress of it all."
"Well," Lisa pointed out, "it was very nice to see you wandering around in the nuddy all night."
Becky grinned, then she blushed. "Oh my," she said. "You... you actually fancy me, don't you? Like I fancy you? That's just sunk in."
Lisa planted a kiss on Becky's open mouth. "I just can't believe you fancy me back," she said.
"Believe it," Becky replied, and responded with another kiss.
--
They sat on the sofa in Lisa's living room, surrounded by Lisa's family. It was Christmas Eve, and they were watching The Snowman for the millionth time, a tradition in the Meredith household.
To any casual observer, it might seem that the two girls, sitting pressed against one another, one girl's head resting lightly on the other's shoulder, were simply close as friends could be, the way girls sometimes were, free with physical affection towards those closest to them. Certainly Lisa's family, absorbed in the television, food and drink of pre-Christmas, didn't notice the way the two girls' hands were intertwined, holding on to one another. Having found each other at last, neither was eager to let go.
Lisa gave a contented murmur as she nuzzled closer to Becky. They would tell people, eventually, of course, would establish the exact nature of their relationship and begin the first . But that was something for another day. Right now all that mattered was being with the woman she loved, and knowing she loved her in return. That was the only Christmas present she ever wanted.
--
Christmas came and went, and then so did the New Year's celebrations.
When she looked back over her relationship with Becky, Lisa recalled with fondness that there was something particularly special about those first, early days. Cuddles by the fireside, walks hand-in-hand through the winter streets, steamy-breathed and bundled up in coats and scarves. Stolen, clandestine kisses wherever they could get them. Hands held secretly beneath the Christmas dinner tables. Long afternoons laying on one girl's bed, fully-clothed, arms around one another, just talking, telling all the secret feelings and too-long-buried emotions that had led to this.
Feelings of intense joy and deep love, but also a spark of fear, an electricity of nervousness, neither girl knowing what the future would hold but both excited and awed by the possibilities.
It was a peculiarly chaste relationship, during those early days. The kisses were frequent and numerous but never led to further things. Of course, aside from anything else, opportunities were scarce -- but deep down Lisa knew that if the two girls had disappeared off to a bedroom for an hour or so, nobody would have thought anything amiss. Indeed, they frequently did, only to spend their time cuddling, laughing and talking, almost giddy with the relief that each loved the other as much.
She was afraid, Lisa realized. Oh, her night with Jacqui had meant she knew more than ever what to do with Becky, how to make her feel good, and how Becky could pleasure her in return. To make love to Becky was all that she had ever wanted, but now she could, she hesitated. Taking that final step, going to bed with the girl who had once been her best friend and was now -- what, her girlfriend, her partner, her one true love? It was scary in what it represented; in its finality.
And Becky, she knew, was scared too. Even when they were alone, her devoutly nudist friend remained dressed, as if she feared her nakedness would be an invitation to Lisa to cross that final boundary before she was ready to.
In the end, rather fittingly, it was an act of exhibitionism that carried them that final step of the way.
Chapter 35 -- Taking the Train
With the end of the Christmas holidays approaching, both girls were increasingly facing up to the prospect that they would soon be returning to their respective universities, and so a parting, however temporary, was imminent.
Neither, of course, wanted that to happen.
It was Lisa's suggestion in the end, once she realized that although term was re-starting, they both had several weeks before classes would resume and that, as such, neither girl actually needed to be at her university -- only that their parents should believe they had gone there.
"Come back with me," she asked Becky -- and she didn't need to ask twice. So, packed as if she was returning to her own uni, Becky said goodbye to her mother and headed towards the platforms at the station -- only to bypass the train she'd said she would be on entirely and sit, excitedly, on a different platform, waiting for Lisa to arrive for the train that would take them both back to hers.
There was no real need for the deception, of course. Both girls were adults, who could come and go as they pleased. There was no need for Becky's mother and Lisa's family to be led to believe that both girls were going to separate destinations rather than the same one. But they'd become aware towards the end of the holiday that their increased closeness, even beyond their long-standing friendship, had become more noticeable, and while neither felt their families would react with anything like disapproval of their relationship, both were of the mind that at this moment they wanted it to remain knowledge only they shared.
--
The plan went off without a hitch, and soon both girls found themselves sitting together in the warm carriage of an evening train as it carried them back to the city where Lisa's university was located. They nuzzled together as usual, hands held, talking softly of what was to come.
"Did you ever think this is where we'd be?" Lisa asked. Becky shook her head.
"I told myself it didn't matter. That I'd be happy just being your friend, just knowing you the rest of my life, even if you never knew I loved you. But I... I don't think that would have been true."
"I never imagined I would be this happy," Lisa concurred.
"Me neither," her girlfriend replied.
There was silence for a while.
"I'm happy," Becky said tentatively, "but..."
Lisa raised her head.
"I'm afraid, too," the other girl continued.
"I'm afraid one day I'll wake up and it won't be this way. That this has all just been a long and crazy dream and I'll wake up and things will be back to how they always were, we'll just be friends and you won't know how I feel and I won't know how you feel..."
"That won't happen," Lisa reassured, tightly squeezing Becky's hand. "I want to be with you every moment of my life, awake, asleep, I want to be with you."
Becky grinned shyly. "Asleep... we're going to sleep together, aren't we?"
Lisa flushed. "Well... I mean, yeah... if you want to?"
Becky reddened also. "I do! Oh my God, I do! Only..." she paused.
"I know," Lisa said. "It'll change things, even more than they already changed. Forever."
"Yeah..." Becky said dreamily. "It's kind of a big deal." She sat up a little. "Don't be upset but, well, I've sort of been... putting it off."
Lisa smiled to let her girlfriend know she understood. "I've noticed," she said.
"You did?"
Lisa laughed. "You're a nudist, Becks. Normally it's a struggle to get you to wear clothes even when you absolutely have to. But every time we've been alone together you've been as bundled up as I have."
Becky blushed. "I wasn't sure how you would feel about it. Now we are together, I mean. I know you like me like that. But I didn't know if I did it, you might think I was pushing you towards something."
"I suppose I haven't exactly been clear with my own signals either," Lisa admitted. "I've been afraid, too. It's kind of easier to stay floating in the middle like we are rather than make that final commitment."
"But you want to, right?" Becky said, worry in her voice.
Lisa nodded enthusiastically. "Of course! It's just... it's sometimes harder than you'd think."
Becky smiled ruefully. "Look at us," she said. "We were more relaxed about this sort of stuff before we were together. I never worried about being naked around you when we were just friends. Surely that should be easier now we're... what we are."
It was a while before Lisa, apparently lost in thought, spoke.
"Becky?" she asked. He friend looked up. "Take off your clothes."
"What?" Becky gasped.
"Take off your clothes. All of them. Right now."
"Lisa!" she exclaimed.
"I mean it," the blonde girl said. "Right here, in this train carriage, I want you to get naked. I dare you to get naked." She grinned.
In spite of herself, Becky grinned back. "You're on," she said.
She glanced around. The train carriage was by no means quiet. If you bunched all the people together it was maybe half-full, in fact. But nobody had an immediate and uninterrupted view of where the girls were sitting, and with Lisa on the aisle, Becky might just get away with it.
She divested herself of her sweater, and began to unlace her shoes. Someone walked past up the aisle and she froze, but as soon as they had gone she unbuttoned her jeans and wriggled out of them, along with her underwear, as subtly as she could.
Becky gave one last look around and then, sinking low in her seat, she pulled her t-shirt up over her head. For a moment she sat, a little breathless, in just her bra, and then she collected herself, unfastened it and slipped it off.
She sat, smiling happily, nude in the train carriage. For the first time since they had declared their love for one another, Lisa beheld her girlfriend naked, every curve and bump and hollow of her body. She bit her lip, her heart pounding.
Becky looked at her friend. "What?" she asked.
"You're just so bloody beautiful," Lisa replied, and Becky's cheeks went red.
--
They'd sat a while, tense and excited, the clothed girl and the nude one.
Now that she was out of her clothes, the act of putting them back on undetected in the small space afforded by the train seats would be almost impossible for Becky. Instead she simply sat, awaiting inevitable discovery. Somebody would walk towards them, eventually. They must. It was only a matter of time before someone noticed that the girl in seat 6A had no clothes on.
Becky was aroused and breathing hard. For a moment she wondered what Lisa would do? Would her new girlfriend jump on her here and now, in this carriage? She had essentially ordered her to get naked -- was this to be the place they would first make love?
She had to admit, she wasn't against the idea. Indeed, the prospect of sex in public thrilled her just as being naked in public did, although she'd for obvious reasons never tried to do it before.
But at the same time, she found herself rather hoping that the first time with Lisa she had so long dreamed of happening would be long and passionate in a safe and private bed, rather than a frantic quickie mashed together in the carriage of a train while passengers around them pretended to suddenly be very interested in their newspapers and mobile phones.
Fortunately, it seemed, Lisa had other things in mind.
"One more dare?" she asked.
Becky nodded eagerly. "Anything," she gasped.
"Okay... I dare you to walk to the end of the train carriage, and back, just as you are now."
Becky shivered excitedly. There would be no hiding her nakedness, no waiting for one or two people to walk by and realise she was nude. Everyone would see her, everyone who could, everyone would see the last thing they expected to see on their evening journey -- a completely naked girl doing a catwalk down the carriage and back to her seat.
Lisa got up out of her seat, leaving the way clear for Becky to stand and get out. Mischievously, she also made sure to stand in the aisle, blocking the shorter route to the carriage end. It was clear to Becky then that Lisa intended her to walk the whole, longest length of the carriage and back.
Taking a deep breath, Becky scooted over into Lisa's seat, feeling the warm recently-vacated fabric on her bare skin. Then, she stood up.
Not everyone noticed at first, of course. But some did, and Becky imagined she could feel every pair of eyes that stared at her, every man who gazed at her bare breasts and all else with lustful thoughts. She heard every gasp and registered every person tapping the arm or shoulder of their neighbor or opposite and pointing back down the carriage to the sudden appearance of the naked girl.
Her legs shook as she took her first steps down the carriage. They always did, when she exposed herself like this. The fear was part of it, the adrenaline one of the attractions, one of the triggers for her arousal. She wanted to be seen, so badly, but she also knew that in showing herself, she was breaking an iron social rule and inviting thoughts and judgements both lustful and disapproving.
Her blood pounded in her ears as she stepped barefoot along the dull carpet of the train carriage. The train's movement swayed her, she felt the motion of the carriage through her body, felt her free and unrestrained form react with subtle motions.
She was almost in a trance. People called to her, made comments, but she didn't hear them. She could still feel their eyes. Her nipples stiffened almost painfully, her stomach fluttered, her sex ached.
She didn't walk slowly. She longed to, longed to take her time, to meander along the carriage giving all assembled the full sight of her -- but she knew to do so would be also to prolong the chances of this not ending as she wished. So, in moments, she had reached the end of the train carriage. She was visible, through the glass doors, to anyone stood between this carriage and the next -- one man was, and he stared wide-eyed and open mouthed as she pirouetted and returned the way she had come, back to the waiting Lisa, who stared at her with undisguised admiration, awe, and desire.
Her dare was completed, but Becky didn't immediately return to her seat. Instead she embraced Lisa, feeling the other girl's clothing against her naked skin.
"Touch me," she gasped, whispering so only Lisa could hear. The other girl obliged, discretely sliding a hand down, over her hairless mound, to stroke the cleft between her legs. When she felt just how wet Becky had become, her eyes widened.
"Did I do good?" came the brunette's happy sigh.
--
They didn't do much after that, not in the train carriage. They'd done too much to attract attention, after all, and so Becky hurriedly dressed, much to the disappointment of the other passengers, and the two sat, preparing themselves for the response.
As it was, most of the people on the train simply pretended it hadn't happened. Only one or two guys came over to ask if Becky was planning a repeat performance, or if Lisa was going to follow suit. A woman approached, too, asking "whatever did you do that for?" Becky's answer -- "I just felt like it," -- didn't seem to satisfy.
But in spite of the lack of any further shenanigans during their journey, their excitement remained -- and it remained as the left the station, and bundled with their suitcases into a waiting taxi to take them back to Lisa's accommodation. It remained as they climbed the stairs to Lisa's accommodation, unlocked the door, slammed it behind them, threw down their bags and collapsed on the bed, throwing off their clothing and finally, ecstatically, joyously making love.
(To be concluded.)