It had been another dull day in State Senator White's office. As a junior advisor my job mostly entailed answering questions from constituents and writing reports on various subjects which were largely got ignored.
I was alone in the office and even more bored than usual so I turned my attention to the good old internet. More specifically I logged on to my favourite clothed male naked female (cmnf) site and began browsing the latest pictures.
Suddenly I heard the door to the senator's private office open and in walked the woman herself - Lisa White.
"Afternoon Jeff. Keeping busy?" she said.
"Yes senator," I replied.
She walked across the room and went to a filing cabinet directly behind my desk.
"What's that?" she said in a tone I had not heard her use before.
"What?" I said.
"What's that on your computer screen?" she responded.
Suddenly my heart began pounding in my chest as I realised what she meant. In my haste to look busy when she came in I had not clicked out of the cmnf site.
"Sorry senator. It must have been a pop up ad," I garbled hastily minimizing the window on the screen.
Senator White moved to stand next to me and reached for the computer mouse.
"It's ok Jeff. I'm curious," she said bringing the cmnf site back up on the screen.
Taken aback by her reaction, I didn't know what to say or do so I just sat there while she browsed through a few of the pictures.
"You know Jeff I've always had a secret desire to try that sort of thing out," she said. "But of course a woman in my position has to suppress such desires."
Now I really was stunned. I began thinking maybe she was testing me out and decided to keep quiet.
"Of course no-one would want to see an old woman like me caught up in these sort of situations," Senator White said as she continued clicking through the pictures on the screen.
Without thinking I said, "Nonsense senator you're a very attractive woman."
As crawling as that remark sounds it was also true. The senator looked at least 10 years younger than her actual age of 40.
She had black hair cut neatly at shoulder length, blue eyes and a smooth complexion not to mention a decent figure.
Senator White stopped clicking the mouse and looked at me with a smile. "Nice of you to say that Jeff but even If I believed you there's no way I could ever do this," she said rather sadly.
Feeling safe that this wasn't a test, I suddenly had a thought that made my heart race once more although this time for all the right reasons.
"I can help you if you really want to do cmnf," I said hoping I hadn't misread the situation.
"Really? How's that Jeff?" the senator answered.
"Well if you trust me then I can make it happen and I promise no-one other than us will know it's you," I said.
"Ok Jeff. I'm intrigued. But we have to be careful," she said in a hushed voice. "You know if this works out I can see a big promotion in your future."
"Why thank-you senator," I replied.
"However, if it all goes wrong then I will ruin you in this town ok?" she said.
"I understand senator but don't worry," I said trying to convince myself as much as her. "Meet me at my apartment tonight at 7.30. My address is on my personnel file."
"Ok Jeff," she said with a sly grin.
With that she went back into her office and I began planning tonight's fun.
Faking a sudden stomach complaint, I left work early and by the time the senator arrived at my apartment everything was ready.
"Evening senator. Come on in," I said as I greeted her at the door.
"Hello Jeff. Are you ready for me?" she replied. "I've got to tell you I'm so excited but ever so nervous."
"No problem senator. Everything is sorted and I'm sure you'll enjoy yourself," I said leading her to my bedroom.
"Ok Jeff I'm going to trust you and please call me Lisa at least for tonight," she responded.
I explained to her that I had invited two of my closest friends, Carl and Malky, over and had told them I had hired an adult entertainer.
The senator blushed at this description of the role she would be playing but her smile betrayed her excitement too.
I handed her a pair of black boots, a knee-length grey coat and, most importantly, a dark purple masquerade-ball style mask.
"Put these on," I said.
"Just these?" she queried.
"Yes," I replied. "I will leave you to it and be back when the guys get here."
The senator nodded and I left her to change while I waited for my friends.
Around 15 minutes later Carl and Malky had arrived and, after giving them each a beer and settling them down in the living room, I re-joined Senator White in my bedroom.
As I walked in she was checking herself out in the mirror. I felt a stirring in my pants as I looked at her dressed in the boots and coat knowing she was naked underneath.
The mask covered her face from the nose up and the dark purple made the white of her eyes stand out brightly as they stared at me excitedly.
"How do I look Jeff?" she asked.
"Fantastic," I replied. "Now follow me and do exactly as I say. If at any time you want to stop just tell me otherwise you must let me direct you to fully get the experience."
"Ok. I'm yours for the evening," she said before taking a deep breath.
I led her to the living room and introduced her to my friends.
"Here she is guys. Lisa is our entertainment for tonight," I said. "Anything goes. The only two rules are don't touch her mask and she won't talk to you ok?"
Carl and Malky were both grinning and nodded their ready agreement.
"Ok Lisa let's see what you've got," I said.
She looked at me nervously as if confused by what I had told her to do.
"Lose the coat," I whispered in her ear.
With that she undid the belt on her coat and, hands shaking nervously, started to pull it open.
"Calm down. It's all ok," I whispered to her once more.
Senator White nodded and peeled off the coat, dropping it to the floor. There she stood naked except for the boots and mask.
As I had always imagined she had a great body and obviously worked out regularly. Her boobs were about a 32b and, despite sagging a little as you would expect with a woman of her age, still looked firm.
She had distinct tan lines which didn't surprise me as I knew she had just returned from her holiday home at the beach. What did catch me off guard was the amount of pubic hair she had covering her pussy and it was something that had also caught Carl's eye.
"Dam she's a hottie but that pussy hair is so 70s," he said.
Clearly embarrassed, the senator moved her hands to shield her pussy.
"Be nice Carl or you'll have to leave," I said.
"Ok. I meant no offence. It was just a joke." he replied.
"It's cool," I said before motioning for Senator White to move her hands back to her sides.
"Can we shave it?" Carl asked. "You did say anything goes barring the talking and mask rules right?"
"Yeah I did and yes I suppose we can," I responded.
Senator White looked at me and seemed poised to say something before stopping herself.
I told her to sit on the coffee table while I fetched a razor and shaving foam.
When I returned Carl and Malky were hovering over the senator giving her body a close inspection.
"Ok spread your legs," I ordered and she complied.
"Can I do it?" asked Carl.
"Sure," I agreed handing him the razor.
Carl squirted foam on Senator White's pussy and began shaving. He was quick and thorough and in no time the hair was gone.
Her newly shorn pussy lips were large and there was a hint of moisture coming from inside her hole.
Carl rubbed his fingers over her pussy before standing up and admiring his work.
"Much better," he remarked.
Bending down and feeling her smooth pussy, Malky said, "Yep. Good job. Now that's a fuckable pussy."
Senator White was obviously relaxing into her role as she made no effort to close her still spread legs and greeted Malky's comment with a smile.
Not to be left out, I too took a feel of her pussy making sure to give her clitoris a rub as I did so.
"How about a game?" I asked as I removed my hand from the senator's increasingly wet pussy.
"What you got in mind?" said Carl.
"A game of chance where everyone wins a prize," I replied.
I headed into the kitchen to retrieve three envelopes I had prepared that afternoon.
When I got back I found Malky had the senator sitting on his lap and was sucking her boobs.
For her part she was moaning with pleasure and it was apparent that, much to my delight, she had totally embraced her role as our entertainment.
"Hey hey Malky the game remember?" I joked.
Malky removed his mouth from Senator White's breast. "Ok ok man," he said. "But before that can I do one more thing to our little toy?"
Intrigued I said, "Make it quick then."
With that he practically flipped the senator over so she was face down across his lap with her butt pointing up into the air. Then he licked one of his fingers and roughly inserted it into her anus.
The senator squealed and squirmed for a second or two before relaxing once more. Malky laughed and withdrew his digit.
"Tight ass. Nice," he said allowing her to stand.
I looked at Senator White half expecting this violation to be the signal for the end of our fun.
But instead she had a big grin on her face and gave me a wink from behind her mask giving me the green light to carry on.
"Right the game is simple," I said. "Each envelope contains a piece of paper with hand job, blow job or tit fuck on it. We each pick an envelope and whatever we pick is what our entertainment will do to us."
"Alright that's my kind of game," said Carl excitedly.
Ever the gracious host I let Carl pick first. He grabbed an envelope and ripped it open.
"Tit fuck. Hell yeah!" he shouted.
While he removed his pants and underwear I took Senator White by the hand and led her to the couch.
She lay down and Carl climbed on top of her. His dick was fully erect and he slipped it eagerly between her perky boobs.
Senator White pushed her breasts together surrounding Carl's member and began slowly working them up and down his shaft.
"Shit that feels fucking awesome," he exclaimed as she quickened the pace.
Then he grunted and thrust his hips forward as he came. His first spurt of cum hit the senator under her chin with the rest of his load landing between her boobs.
Climbing up off her, Carl smirked and said, "Dam that was good. Dunno how much you're paying her Jeff but I'd double it."
This brought a giggle from the still prone senator. Carl gathered his clothes and redressed before slumping down into a chair with a fresh beer.
Handing Senator White a towel I said, "Clean off then it's Malky's turn."
Malky sprang out of his chair and took an envelope.
"Hand job," he said reading the contents. "Just my luck."
"Never thought I'd head you complain about getting your dick tugged by a beautiful, naked woman," I laughed.
"Would've preferred to get blown that's all," he said removing his clothes.
"I'm sure Lisa will make it a good one," I replied.
With Carl's cum removed from her torso, Senator White sauntered over to Malky, dropped to her knees and grabbed his semi-hard penis.
She stroked it gently and used her free hand to play with his balls. It wasn't long before his dick was fully erect and he had seemingly got over his initial disappointment.
The senator seductively dribbled spit onto his shaft and then, taking a tighter grip, stroked rhythmically up and down its full length.
"That's it baby," Malky said as her stroking grew a little faster.
Her hand was now moving up and down his dick rapidly and with a final twist of his balls he came.
She pointed his manhood down so he shot his thick white cum all over her boobs and stomach before releasing her grip.
"You were right," Malky said. "I shouldn't have complained."
Once again I handed Senator White a towel to clean off with then I opened the last envelope.
"I guess I'm getting the blow job then," I said showing my friends the piece of paper to prove I wasn't cheating.
As they sat chugging down yet more of my beer I took off my pants and underwear. Watching my buddies being serviced by my boss had really got me going and my dick was standing at its proudest as the senator got to her knees in front of me.
She looked up at me with her bright blue eyes peering out from behind her mask. Then she took my dick in her hand and licked its tip.
As I looked down she opened her mouth and began inserting my dick until most of it was inside her.
Then she closed her lips around my shaft and started to suck. Her head bobbed back and forth repeatedly as my member throbbed happily on her mouth.
I was loving every second but I knew I was close to exploding and I grabbed the senator's hair to pull out of her mouth.
But she was having known of it and refused to stop sucking signalling her intention to have me cum in her mouth.
I could feel the juices racing from my balls into my shaft as I hurtled towards a climax. Senator White could clearly tell I was close to as she moved her tongue back making room in her mouth for my stuff.
I let out a groan of pleasure as I shot my cum into her accommodating mouth. Several spurts of juice fired out before I finally finished and withdrew my dick.
The senator swallowed my load and then licked my member clean all the time seductively maintaining eye contact with me.
She then got to her feet as I pulled my underwear back on followed by my pants. Carl handed me a beer and said, "What next then? Looks like she's still wanting more."
I turned to Senator White and saw what he meant. She was standing there rubbing gently at her pussy with one hand and pinching the nipple on her right boob with her other hand.
"Yep I think it's time we let her get off and give us a show doing it," I replied. "Look in the top drawer in that sideboard Lisa and bring out what you find."
Senator White did as instructed. As she opened the drawer she gave out a low gasp and then pulled out a large dildo I had bought earlier that afternoon at the sex shop down the street.
"Put it on the edge of the coffee table and then have at it!" I instructed.
She walked to the table and plonked the dildo down securing it in position with the suction cup at its base. Then, as my friends and I sat back and watched, she hovered over its tip rubbing her pussy with her fingers.
Slowly she lowered herself down onto the tip of the dildo and the first few inches began slipping into her wet pussy. She gasped again as it entered.
Gently she eased herself further down until the dildo had fully inserted into her. She sat there impaled for a few seconds then began to bounce bringing her hips up and down and panting as she did so.
Her boobs bounced almost in rhythm with her hips and her breathing grew faster as she accelerated her ride.
"Hell yeah! Ride that thing!" shouted Carl crudely.
Senator White was now bouncing feverishly on the dildo and pulling hard on her clit with her left hand. Then she let out a massive scream as she orgasmed. Her body shook and she seemed to lose complete control in that moment of euphoria.
When she had finished she made to get up off the dildo but I put up my hand and said, "Not yet. Just stay there."
My friends and I looked at each other and seemed to know what we were each thinking. We stood up simultaneously and walked over to where the senator sat still impaled on the dildo and regaining her breath.
We lowered our pants and underwear revealing we had all been clearly aroused by her show. The senator's eyes lit up behind her mask as she gazed at the three hard dicks pointing at her.
She grabbed Carl's shaft and tugged away furiously until he exploded his cum all over her boobs. Then she took Malky in hand and repeated the same exercise before turning her attention to me.
She grasped my dick and slid her hand up and down it rapidly until I too came and blasted my load onto her now very sticky boobs.
Having been satisfied for a second time we all redressed and I told Senator White to get up from the dildo and clean off with a towel.
Carl handed me another beer and said, "A toast to Jeff for putting on a fucking awesome night."
"And here's to Lisa the masked beauty," added Malky bringing a huge smile to the senator's face.
"Speaking of Lisa," I said. "I think she's got to leave us now."
I handed Senator White her coat and she put it on. I then led her out of the room and ushered her into the bedroom.
"Wait here until the guys go," I said.
A few minutes later I had seen Carl and Malky out of the apartment and quickly returned to the bedroom where I found the senator sitting in a chair back in her own clothes.
"So did you enjoy yourself?" I asked.
"More than I ever imagined I would," she replied smiling broadly.
"And we didn't go too far?" I queried.
"No. I wouldn't have minded going further either," she said. "But maybe next time. Oh yes and I think you're well on your way to that promotion."
"Next time?" I said.
"Yes Jeff. You've really got me started on this and I think, no I know, I need more," she said handing me the coat and boots before putting the mask in her jacket pocket.
"Err ok. I can do that," I said.
"That's good Jeff. See you at the office tomorrow and remember our talk about discretion in this matter," she stated.
I nodded and the senator headed for the door and out of the apartment. As she left I sat on my bed and reviewed what had gone on and contemplated how I was going to improve on it to keep my boss happy.
The prospect both thrilled and worried me at the same time but something I knew for certain was there probably weren't going to be any more dull days for me in Senator White's office from now on.