Priscilla Larson is usually called "Prissy" by her friends, but the name is a joke, and everybody knows it. There is nothing the least bit prissy about her. She loves putting her sexy body on display, but she loves it even more when the men or women looking at her want to go much farther than that.
Pricilla had finished her first year at the state university downstate from the suburban home of her parents and had three months to kill while waiting for the next school year to begin. Some of her favorite pastimes are sunbathing and swimming in the pool in the back yard, especially when her parents are away at work. That's when she has the house and back yard and pool to herself, and feels no need to wear a bathing suit or any other kind of covering that might interfere with her enjoyment of the sun and water. She's also aware that any covering she might wear would interfere with the enjoyment of the view for Jason Walsh, the handsome young man who lives in the house next door and likes to watch her through his window.
One hot day last week, she was out by the pool wearing a skimpy bikini and sunglasses and lying on an air mattress with her head resting on a matching pillow. With the glasses covering her eyes, she was able to watch the house next door, especially the window of Jason's bedroom on the second floor, with nobody knowing what she was looking at. Besides being aware of how he likes to peek at her when she lies by the pool, she knows he is single, a few years older than she, and that he works nights at a local supermarket. The Larson and Walsh families have been neighbors for over ten years, so Priscilla has known him since she was a little girl and has had a crush on him for a long time, but he never seemed to notice her until this summer.
As Prissy lay on her back with her arms sprawled at her sides and her legs spread so her crotch was in the direct view of Jason's window, she saw the curtain move and two slats of the Venetian blinds get spread apart. That was her cue to start the little show she had planned. First, she pushed her bikini top up so it no longer covered her breasts, unhooked the catch on the back and dropped the garment onto the ground. Wanting to attract more than just the eyes of Jason, and because it felt good, she tweaked her nipples and gently squeezed her breasts, while continuing to watch the gap in the slats of the Venetian blinds next door.
It was working quite well. As Priscilla had surmised, Jason was sitting on the floor of his bedroom, clad only in a pair of pants over his jockey shorts and gazing at the alluring sight in the neighbors' back yard. He has known the girl next door for a long time and, until recently, has always thought of her as a pretty little girl. That is no longer an accurate description. She is still little, just over five feet tall, but her breasts are big and lush, and her ass and hips flare curvaceously from her waist. Her face is pretty too, pleasant and smiling, with sparkling green eyes and short, dark brown hair. Little Prissy is a pretty little girl no longer, but has become a beautiful young woman.
The side of the house that includes Jason's bedroom window is close to the low fence marking the line between the two back yards, and the end of the pool where Prissy was lying is also close to the property line. The rest of the Larson back yard is protected by an eight foot tall wooden fence, so Jason was the only person who could see her. He and Priscilla were no more than thirty feet away from each other, giving the young man a great view of the succulent breasts that had been bared for his benefit. He stared at the erotic sight, wondering if there was anything he could do besides look but, being unsure of himself, just continued to watch the neighbor girl. Jason was vaguely aware she used to have a crush on him, but he didn't know if she still did.
Definitely, Priscilla was still attracted to the boy next door, but it had become lust, rather than a girlish crush. She also knew him to be rather shy, and was sure it would take more than the sight of her breasts to induce him to come and join her for a nude romp on the air mattress and in the pool. After a few minutes of that display, she started to roll her bikini bottoms down, until her pubic hair, which she likes to trim in the shape of a heart, came into view. Not satisfied with that, she reached under her body and tugged the back of the skimpy bathing suit around her curvy ass. By the time she was done adjusting her garments, the top of her clit hood was visible to anybody, such as Jason, who might be looking in her direction.
That's definitely what he was doing, and he was literally drooling at the sight of the beautiful woman so close to him. Although shy, he was not inexperienced sexually, and he had eaten and fucked several pussies in his life. However, the pubic area being displayed to him that day was vastly more appealing to him than any he had ever seen before, and he was actually salivating, he wanted so badly to lick the thighs and mons and all the other places he couldn't see yet but knew were there. He was still too shy to call out to ask for an invitation.
After a few more minutes, her thoughts of Jason and of what she wanted to do with him had made Priscilla increasingly aroused, and she wondered what it would take to induce him to join her. Wanting to find out, she pulled her suit the rest of the way past her pussy and down her legs and off around her feet, to be left on the lawn next to her top. While the fingers of one hand continued fondling her nipples, those of the other hand, wet with her fuices, stroked her pussy lips, which were beginning to become engorged with her lust. If the guy watching her didn't hurry up and come down to join her, she was going to start shoving those fingers in and out of the wet pink hole he should be cramming with his cock.
Jason's thoughts were virtually the same as hers. Plunging between Priscilla's lips and into the wet pink hole was the place where he wanted his cock more than he wanted anything in the world just then. He took hold of the hard shaft, but the feel of his hand was so inferior to what he knew her wet pussy would be like, he couldn't bring himself to start stroking, so he let go.
The hand that had been playing with Prissy's breasts had been dipped into her pussy to pick up some of the lubricating juices and was gently squeezing and releasing her clit while her other hand was still stroking her lips. It felt good, but thirty feet away were a mouth and cock that she knew would feel infinitely better. The time had arrived when she could stand it no longer, and she called out to the young man next door.
"I see you watching me, Jason. Why don't you come over and join me? It'll be a lot more fun than just looking."
Caught! But he was glad of it. Jason leaped to his feet, dashed out into the hall and down the stairs and out the back door. He paused only long enough to grab a three-pack of condoms from where he kept them stashed in his dresser drawer. Near the garage door, there is a gate that leads from the street to the back yard, but he had no wish to take so long to reach the place he urgently wanted to be. Instead, he vaulted the fence, landing on his bare feet on the grass four feet from the most enticing sight he had ever seen.
Priscilla removed her hands from her pussy, making herself even more alluring, and smiled up at him. "What took you so long?" she asked.
Jason didn't answer her. He didn't know whether she meant getting downstairs to the back yard, which had taken him only a few seconds, or responding to her charms that summer, which had taken him a few weeks, and he didn't care. Her legs were still spread; he knelt between them and Priscilla, knowing what he wanted to do, and urgently wanting him to do it, knew what her next move was. She raised her legs and, when he ducked under them, let them rest on his bare shoulders. Jason wrapped his arms around her thighs and leaned forward to get a close look at her pussy.
The view was definitely better than it had been from thirty feet away. The sexy neighbor girl had obviously shaved herself there just before coming out to the pool, and the dark brown heart shape contrasted beautifully with the smooth fair skin surrounding it. Her inner lips, which were swollen and wet with her juices, were blossoming out through the pink slit, and her clit was peeking out from its protective hood. The aroma of those juices was incredible, and Jason carefully spread the edges of her slit and gazed into its shiny wetness. A cloud of fragrance arose to please his nostrils and, when he leaned forward to taste the shiny liquid on her lips, the flavor was even more delectable than the scent.
"Mmmmm, you know what I want, Jason, Priscilla urged.
"It's exactly what I want too, Prissy," he answered and, after that, his mouth was too busy to do any more talking.
There were small shiny streaks at the tops of her thighs where her juices had trickled, and he started there, licking the nectar from her. As delicious as her juices were, the feel of Priscilla's soft skin under his tongue was even better. After licking everything from there and from her crotch, his tongue started on one of her outer lips, moving slowly upward and reveling in the texture, like a satin pillow that had been warmed by the sun, but vibrant and alive. Taking his time, he licked upward, covering the same area over and over, until he reached her mons and kissed her there. He raised his head, grinned at his neighbor's smile of bliss and lowered his mouth to start on her other outer lip.
Priscilla had been dreaming of this day for years, ever since she had seen the tall, dark-haired boy next door. Not until that summer had she ever let her feelings be known to him, and she was glad now she had. She was writhing in bliss, and looked down her body to see his face coming into view while his tongue sent ripples of joy swirling through her body. When he raised his head, she saw how his mouth was smeared with her juices, and he smiled and kissed her mons again.
"I love that, Jason. I love what you're doing. Keep licking me like that. You're going to make me cum."
He said nothing, but his face disappeared again, and she felt and heard his tongue lapping up all her fresh juices. Seconds later, exquisite pleasure from another place started saturating her body, as his wet, agile giver of joy began caressing even more sensitive places. When Pricilla masturbates, she likes to dip her fingers into her pussy to cover them with her lubricating juices, and gently rub the smooth area between the origin of an inner and an outer lip. She was thrilled to feel the tip of his tongue stroking in that same place, followed by progressing upward between that pair of lips, and gave herself completely over to reveling in the joy of what Jason was doing to her.
It was tremendously pleasurable to Jason too, and he took his time licking upward between the two lips. When he reached the place where they are close together, he tilted his head to slide his tongue into the seam between them so he could lick both labia at the same time. He reveled in the difference in the textures of the slick outer lip and the spongy inner one, which was swollen with her lust. Jason continued licking until he reached the end of her inner lip, where it merged with her other lip to form her clit hood. He raised his head again and looked at Prissy, happy to see how her head was tossing in bliss from side to side on the air pillow and her body was thrashing on the mattress.
He also saw how her clit was so swollen it resembled a lovely pink pearl and had pushed its way out from its protective hood. He could have brought her to an orgasm then, but he was having so much fun, and knew she was too, that he decided to wait until Prissy was even more sexually excited. To bring about that goal, he brought his face back below her dripping pink hole and devoured all the fresh nectar. Following his repast, he started licking between the other pair of inner and outer lips.
Priscilla was almost going out of her mind with carnal joy at the tremendous pleasure Jason's mouth was providing to her pussy. "Suck my clit!" she pled with him. "Make me cum!"
He didn't ignore her, but he also didn't do what she wanted. Prissy's whole body was bucking and tossing, and her pussy was ramming against his mouth so hard it seemed to be trying to wrap itself around his face. Both her legs were pistoning out and back past the sides of his head as his tongue reached her swollen clit again. Once again, he looked and, this time, he saw how the hotsy's thighs had rotated out, presenting her pussy even more fully to his mouth. She was at the apex of her arousal, and it was time for her orgasm.
Jason opened his mouth wide and surrounded the lovely pearl. With his lips forming a seal, he sucked while his tongue caressed the engorged top and sides of Pricilla's clit. Her movements became even wilder, and she came close to rolling off the air mattress, but Jason clung tightly to her thighs and kept his mouth working on her precious clit.
"Uh! Uh! Uh!" the bosomy brunette whimpered in the same tempo as the steady sucking of her neighbor's mouth and of her pussy ramming against his face. "Oh, god!" She cried out joyously as she started to cum.
Pricilla's thighs clamped tightly onto Jason's temples, and her hands grabbed the back of his head to press his face more snugly against her pussy. Her legs swung wildly back and forth, carrying him a more than willing prisoner. He kept his mouth wrapped around her clit and his arms hugging her thighs while his mouth continued sucking and licking for all the time she was cumming.
With a louder and even more ecstatic cry, Prissy climaxed, ramming her pussy into Jason's face for a final time. All her muscles clenched momentarily, then relaxed totally, as she released the man whose mouth had just brought her to such a fabulous orgasm. Although not squeezing his head anymore, Pricilla's legs remained draped over Jason's shoulders until he backed away and let them drop to the mattress. Greedily, his tongue sluiced up the fresh nectar that had been produced while she was cumming, licking the delicious treat off her thighs, crotch and pussy lips, but leaving the fresh juices in the lovely pink place that had produced them. He expected to fuck after she was ready, and they would be needed to perform their natural function of lubrication.
He remained kneeling between the legs of the little girl from next door, gazing at her pretty face, with her eyes closed and her mouth slightly parted in a smile of bliss. Jason's cock was so hard it seemed to be trying to punch a hole in his pants, so he pulled them and his underwear down to let his erection point at the lovely pink place he wanted it to be cramming in the next few minutes. When Pricilla opened her eyes, she saw what he had for her and her smile went from blissful to lascivious.
"That was terrific, Jason. Now, I hope you know what to do with that nice big cock you're pointing at me."
"That I do, if you know what to do once it's inside you."
"I know what to do, alright, but I want to be on top."
Jason had no problem agreeing with her, because that is his favorite position to use, especially when the woman is small, but with big breasts such as Prissy had. "Okay. But you're going to have to move out of the way so I can lie down on the mattress."
With great alacrity, Pricilla rolled over onto the grass and Jason took her place in the center of the mattress. She knelt between his legs and started to pull his pants down, but stopped, because she had a very important question before she went any further.
"Do you have a rubber?"
Jason reached into his pants pocket and handed her the condoms he had picked up on his way from his room. While holding the packet in her hand, Pricilla pulled his jeans and underwear the rest of the way off so both young people were equally naked. Before unwrapping one of the condoms, she leaned forward, took Jason's cock into her mouth and stroked it between her lips. Her pussy was urgently in need of being crammed with its thickness, so she just wanted to get it wet to help her roll the prophylactic into place. Once his cock was covered with latex, she approached on her knees and raised her body so the head was inches below her pussy lips.
While Jason held his cock upright, she spread those lips with her thumbs and index fingers. From her excitement, she was heavily lubricating, and some of her juices were dripping down onto the head of the cock below her. She lowered her body slowly, and when contact was made, she stopped so he could move the head from side to side in her and spread the natural lubrication. When they were both prepared, she moved slightly lower and sighed with joy as she felt the head of the big, hard mushroom shape wedge between her fingers and into her dripping pink hole.
The sensations were incredible to Jason too, and he murmured happily, but his shaft was so eager to plunge into the lovely place above him he had to resist the urge to thrust upward. Among the reasons he favored the position Priscilla also wanted to use were the visual delights. He had noted the beauty of her pussy earlier, and watching his cock being engulfed by that lovely place was even better. Above her flat belly were her big, succulent breasts, and another delight was watching them sway and bounce as Prissy moved above him. He also reveled in the grimaces of joy that flickered over her face, because Jason always enjoyed sex much more when he knew the woman with him was also receiving pleasure.
Another thing he always liked about a sexy woman like Prissy being on top in the Female Superior position was how, after his cock was all the way inside her, he would be able to caress her lush body, in particular her curvaceous ass. If she was okay with the idea, he would even insert a finger into that tight rear hole while he was fucking the juicy one in front.
Of course, the greatest thrill of all was what her pussy was doing for him as his cock was enveloped. He could already feel her internal muscles massaging the fraction of his shaft that was inside her. The pleasure was tremendous, and kept getting better as Prissy lowered her body farther, taking his cock in more and more deeply.
When the entire length was inside her, she smiled at him. "I love the way your big cock feels in my pussy, Jason. I've wanted it there for years."
Her knees were on the air mattress, one on either side of him, and she leaned forward, placing her hands on Jason's chest so she could straighten out her legs and sprawl full length on top of him. As she changed position, he reached up to gently fondle her big breasts with their erect nipples. Prissy grinned at this additional attention being paid to her and continued moving lower until she lay full length on top of her neighbor. Although her breasts had felt great, he released them and placed his hands just below her shoulders, prepared to caress her when she started moving.
That wouldn't happen for a few seconds, because Priscilla wanted to lie quietly on top of Jason and let the waves of pleasure throb through her body from the presence of the big cock that filled her pussy. When she did start moving, it was slowly, using her forearms on the mattress and her hands wrapped around his shoulders to pull herself forward, removing her pussy from around the cock that was cramming it. She felt Jason's hands and fingers caressing her back, all the way down to her ass cheeks, and his touch sent tingles through her body. When she started moving back to impale herself again, his hands moved down to position themselves with the fingers gripping the cleft of her ass.
From eating Prissy's pussy, he was already in a high state of arousal, but her rigid nipples made him even more excited. When he felt her sliding back down along his torso and enveloping his cock, he pressed down on her ass cheeks, and their bodies came together with a satisfying wet sound, accompanied by a duet of blissful moans. She lay in the same position on top of him for a few minutes, whispering of how great it was to be doing what she had been wanting to do for such a long while, before sliding up his body and briefly removing her pussy from around the cock that was giving her so much pleasure.
Once again, she stopped with the head of his cock inside her, paused, and started sliding back to impale herself. Her pussy felt so wonderful as it was being stuffed full, Prissy's body started rocking from side to side, making the fucking even better for both of them. She continued stroking the same way for a long time, sliding back and forth and feeling her level of pleasure mounting toward what she knew would be a monumental orgasm.
Jason knew he was close to being ready to climax, and it would be the best of his life. Everything about their coupling on the air mattress was superlative to him, from Prissy's breasts against his chest to his hands caressing her back and fondling her ass to the way her body was writhing on top of him. Those were immensely pleasurable, but the best part was still what her tight pussy was doing for his cock. With every movement of her body, it felt as if her internal muscles were massaging every inch of his shaft with a thousand strong but gentle fingers.
It was just as good to Priscilla, and she knew the best was yet to come. She had been moving straight back and forth while impaling hersef, with a minimum of contact between her clit and Jason's cock. It was time to cum, though, and she placed her hands on his chest and pushed, while bending her knees, until she was once again in the Cowgirl position, with her succulent breasts swaying from side to side.
"I'm ready to cum," she told Jason, who reached out and placed his hands on her hips.
Pricilla raised her body again, but this time she was leaning back, and her engorged clit scraped over the top surface of Jason's cock. A tremendous thrill surged through her, and it was duplicated when she lowered herself and took his cock all the way back into her pussy. She stayed like that, but just for a few seconds, because her mounting climax and desire to feel his cock caressing her clit were too demanding for her to remain in that position any longer than that. She started raising and lowering her body, slowly at first, but faster as her need for another orgasm became stronger.
Jason's need was just as strong and, the next time Prissy lowered her body, he pushed down on her hips and thrust his cock up into her dripping pussy. Her juices spattered on both of them again, and she and Jason moaned in delight from the incredible pleasure they were sharing. A lot more juices spattered and more and louder moans were uttered as the coupling by the pool continued.
For quite a while, Priscilla's movements had been getting more erratic, and her body had started swaying and weaving as she moved up and down. It was a visual delight, because her breasts were bouncing and swaying too, but Jason feared she might fall to the side and interrupt the fabulous time they were having, and possibly hurt herself. His hands on her hips held her more tightly, and he guided her movements while plunging his cock in and out of her. His own climax was getting closer to erupting, but he wanted Prissy to cum before he did.
Once again, the sexy brunette was whimpering her bliss, this time in rhythm with the cock surging in and out of her pussy. "Oh, god," she cried ecstatically as her climax began to overwhelm her.
Losing control of her muscles, Priscilla swayed from side to side and back and forth like a rag doll. Jason, with his own climax concentrating in his groin and prepared to burst out, would not let her fall, and kept driving his cock in and out of her pussy as fast as he could. She cried out again, louder and more joyously as she climaxed. All her muscles clenched and immediately relaxed, and she slowly fell forward to end up sprawled on top of Jason.
He didn't pause, but kept plunging his cock into her acquiescent pussy until he sighed happily as his own climax erupted. His cum gushed into his condom, but he kept fucking until he had ejaculated twice more. He was through then, and wrapped his arms tenderly around the delightful woman from next door and hugged her closely to his chest.
After their tremendous climaxes, Priscilla lay atop Jason in a pile of joy as they caught their breaths. It was fairly early, still morning, and none of their family members would be home for a long time yet. They could take a nice, refreshing nude dip in the pool and, after they climbed back out, continue getting to know each other better. His cock had felt great to her tongue and her lips, and she thought about how much better it would feel to suck him hard and keep giving head until he filled her mouth with his cum. The day was a great one already, and would be getting even better.
*
Thank you for reading this story by me, Boxlicker101. Here is an URL to many more of my stories: http://www.literotica.com/stories/memberpage.php?uid=207952&page=submissions I hope you had as much fun as Priscilla and Jason had, and will continue having, that day and for the rest of the summer. I like writing stories on Literotica, but I like it a lot more when I know that people are reading and enjoying them, and I appreciate it when readers take the time to express their opinions by voting. Like most authors on Literotica, I practically live for feedback from readers, either public comments or email to me. Such feedback, whether praise or criticism, helps me to write more and better stories, and I respond to it whenever I can.