Sauntering down the sidewalk, you love the looks passing strangers send as they pass. Tight white dress shirt clinging to your slender frame. The light cotton material is translucent enough to reveal the shape and size of your raised nipples to anyone who cares to look. As you strut through your gait, your high heels shape well-toned legs into modelesque pillars of sculpted beauty and prop your compact ass into taut perfection. The milky white flesh of those legs is wrapped in sheer black stockings. The only exposed pale flesh is where the stockings meet the bottom of the straps descending from under your hip length plaid skirt.
With each step, your petite ass is barely concealed by the swaying checkered fabric draped down from where it is wrapped around your waist. At least, it was concealed until a little gust of wind lifts your skirt in passing. Unlike Marylin, however, you make no attempt to hold it in place, even though there is nothing beneath it. Instead, you're content to allow the raising of your skirt to flash a view of the perfection that was hidden moments before. Smiling to yourself at the preview nature just shared, you find yourself waiting for someone to scoot up beside you. You even hope they might be willing to begin to play. You walk on, wondering if that teasing view of your ivory cheeks and pink pussy, just begging to be touched, is enough to draw some interest.
Your desire is not unmet for long, as a figure glides up behind you. From a position at your rear, a delicate hand on your hip stops your stride and holds you in place. With that hand, you are pulled back as person presses in close. As you feel firm breasts pinned against your back, you realize the delicate hand at your hip belongs to a woman. With you in her control, she slides her other hand along the top of your skirt, around your hip and down to your leg. Finding the innermost strap attached to your stocking, and with you showing no sign of resistance, she glides back up your inner thigh and beneath the red, green and black fabric. Fingertips slowly, gracefully caress your soft, tender skin as they work their way towards something even softer... and much, much wetter
The two of you are now lost with each other, but that doesn't remove you from plain sight, as she holds to you on the sidewalk. As you feel her nipples hardening, through her shirt, against your shoulders and her fingers beginning to explore your wetness, you are acutely aware of the eyes upon you. Some strangers look, then quickly move along their way embarrassed by the public spectacle. But with others, you can feel the hunger in the stares they focus upon you. Their gaze desperate to see how far things will go between you two.
Playing into the attention, as you are quite turned on by it, you reach down and find the hand upon your hip. You lace your fingers into hers and pry away her hand from your body. Meanwhile, with your other hand, you undo the middle buttons of your shirt, creating a gap in the center of the thin fabric. With the entrance open, you then guide her hand, intertwined with yours, under the white fabric and onto your breast. She responds to your unspoken request by squeezing the perfectly petite, perky tit in her grasp, while your fingers caress hers. As she loosens the grip upon your breast, you feel her thumb and forefinger pinch down about your nipple, twisting it left and right. A small moan of pleasure leaves your lips as the current of pain-induced pleasure spreads through your chest.
Sensing the rising arousal signified by your audible response, her fingers down below begin probing your juicy lips until the find the most sensitive bud of flesh. As she begins to manipulate you back and forth, you reach around behind you both and find her ass. You give it a hard squeeze as you begin to grind your ass into her pelvis. Matching to the rhythmic motion of her manual stimulation, you oscillate your hips so that bare flesh of your ass can press and rub against the warmth between her legs. Meeting your pressure, she begins to thrust her pelvis forward, and now its her turn to vocalize her enjoyment. However, you two are far from the only ones enjoying the moment.
From the homes around you, men and women now actively watch you through their windows. Some, slightly ashamed to be voyeurs, obstruct themselves as best they can behind curtains. Others are so engrossed in your display, they view openly with no attempt to hide. For all though, the forbidden access to the escalating intimate passion of the tableau on the street sparks their own desires. You open your eyes, breaking free of the pleasurable reverie in your body momentarily, to cast your gaze around the neighborhood. In doing so you see the looks of yearning on faces and lust in eyes. Furthermore, you notice that quite a few of the watching crowd have arms in motion, while hands remain out of sight.
You close your eyes and picture strong hands stroking hard cocks, ready to spurt, and delicate fingers playing in wet pussies, their owners' lust fueled by you. Spurred on by the voyeurs all around you getting off on your actions, you decide to give them a proper show. Spinning around in a deliberate manner, you take care to allow your new friend time and opportunity to reposition her arms as you turn. Doing so, she is able to not break contact with one hand still fondling your bosom, while the other steadily massages your clitoris. Completing your reversal, you grab the back of her head, press your lips against hers, and plunge your tongue deep into her mouth.
Slightly surprised, but sharing in the passionate excitement, she immediately begins massing your tongue with hers. Your two tongues become locked in battle as they pulse, push, and wrestle against each other. The passionate engagement from you also incites her to begin moving her fingers with escalated speed around your clit, driving you to moan through your shared kiss. Pulling back to catch a breath, it is nearly taken away when you open your eyes and see the beauty before you. Deep, radiant emerald pools, sparkling and shimmering with excited desire, reflect the amorous expression of your own pale green eyes. A cute button nose, surrounded on both sides by fields of freckles scattered on pale skin, sits above the small, but luscious mouth you were just exploring.
Momentarily forgetting the people around you, and the pleasure radiating from your groin and breast, you simply drink her in. Ravishing raven black hair cascade down along delicate shoulders, a shocking contrast to the alabaster skin of her face, neck and chest. Letting your gaze travel downward, you smile at the cleavage before you. Her breasts appear quite firm, despite easily being double the size of your own. Just as you are thinking about burying your face in them, her neck angles down and she intercepts your face with her own, once again engaging you in deep, passionate kiss. Sliding your hands down her back, you grab her ass with both hands, as you taste her sweet mouth.
Reengaged in the physical, you feel your legs beginning to tremble at her continued touch, and so does she. After giving your nipple a final pinch, she withdraws her hand from your top. Lowering it, she teasingly bushes down your stomach and pelvis, before she slides her fingers deep inside you. You lift and wrap a leg around her hip to give her better access and angle to drive her digits deeper inside you as she continues playing with your clit with her other hand. The pleasure now nearly overwhelming you, standing on one leg becomes challenging. To compensate, you shift some of your weight onto her hip, and she slides her base under you, supporting the weight shift. Releasing her ass as she slightly squatted to accommodate, you wrap an arm around her shoulder and tangle your fingers in her hair. With your other hand, you reach to rub her through her skirt and panties, but a subtle shake of her hips knocks you away. As she does, she breaks your lip lock, moves her mouth to your ear and seductively whispers, "Let's focus on you"
Conceding to her will, you stroke her face with your free hand before gripping tightly to her shoulder and focusing inward on the sensations shooting through your body. With a sucking kiss on your neck, she simultaneously begins rotating her fingers around your clit, while using her own pelvis to brace her wrist, starts curling and twisting the fingers inside you. The effect of the multiple sources of stimulation serves to trigger cascading waves of spasms through your body. Tilting your head back, you begin crying out in ecstasy, uncaring who will hear. As your ultimate climax arrives, the series of orgasms it brings with it rock your entire being and you fall forward onto her, your leg sliding down hers and back to the ground.
Watching from above, the voyeurs find themselves enjoying their own orgasms. Having found their individual releases, the men and women that were so enraptured in watching your moment begin retreating from window views back into the depths of their homes, off to clean themselves up after being brought to climax by the free show on the street.
As the euphoria starts to fade, you realize that she has taken her hands from under you skirt and is embracing you tightly in her arms. You have no doubt that if she wasn't holding on tightly, you would have melted into a puddle on the sidewalk like you had no bones. With your mental awareness increasing, you realize that despite her relatively slight frame, excluding her ample breasts, there is significant strength in her. You also notice that while her arms are embracing you, you do not feel her hands upon your back.
Gathering your strength, you regain your balance and stand yourself straight. As you do, you feel the orgasmic lubrication running free from your skirt and down your stockings. Looking up, you see her gazing lovingly at you and you smile, face lighting up. "Is something wrong with your hands?" you inquire. Releasing you from her embrace, confident you no longer require her support. Pulling her hands out from behind you, she presents her hands before you and says, "Well, they are quite messy, and I didn't want to ruin your shirt."
Laughing at the innocence of her comment, you kiss her quickly on the lips and raise her hands to your mouth. With a seductive look as you fix your eyes upon her, you move her fingers to your lips and raise an eyebrow to her. Guessing what you want, she slides her fingers in your mouth to let you taste the sweet juices she has extracted. You greedily lap them from her fingers, tongue running around and between them. The fact that her expression shifted from loving to lustful, while you lick and suck her fingers, is not lost on you. Taking them from your mouth, you smile wryly and say, "All clean. Now how about you come with me and let me show my appreciation and maybe get your body as dirty as mine." Smiling happily, the glimmer of excited desire once again sparkling in her eyes, she replies, "That sounds lovely."
With that, you turn and she steps to your side. Taking your hand in hers, the two of you begin walking together, hand in hand, down the street like you are any average couple out for a leisurely stroll.