My husband and I took advantage of an offer from the grandparents to watch the kids for our anniversary to get away for a sexy weekend. When we get the opportunity we like to explore our sexual creativity, we like to find a place to go that will give us the chance to flash and play. My husband researches the strip clubs and adult bookstores/theatres of our potential visiting cities before we go hoping that I will be in a "sexy" mood and let it all go. This particular weekend we headed towards Charlotte, North Carolina.
Over the weekend we had made a couple of visits to an adult theatre and then some other random flashing opportunities at adult toy stores and a local restaurant. One theatre visit I had spent a significant amount of time in a gloryhole booth sucking my husband's cock while different strangers watched us play, and the other visit I had a man sit in front of us in the theatre watching as my husband played with my exposed breasts and ate my pussy to a loud orgasm while I stared right at the stranger.
After these theatre visits I had about all this environment that I could handle. Adult theatre play had become something relatively new for us and it takes me some liquid courage to do ok in that environment. Now it was Sunday morning, and I was not in the mood to drink anymore, so I asked the husband if we could head home. I reminded him that if we started early we could make the trip during the daylight and we would be more likely to attract attention playing on the drive. To entice him I also dressed in one of my shorts skirts being sure to show him the sexy lace panties I had on. I topped it all off with thin a button up sweater that hugged my 38DD breasts nicely.
Seeing my clothes he reluctantly relented and we loaded the car and began the journey home. We had barely got on the interstate before he had my sweater unbuttoned with my breasts pulled out and had my skirt around my waist exposing my lace thongs. My husband took his time caressing my body moving from my naked tits down to my panty-covered pussy then back to my nude breasts. As we travelled we passed several truckers who honked to let me know that they enjoyed what they saw. Some truckers would even keep pace with us staying right beside for a while. This made my heart race in both fear and excitement knowing that some stranger was getting an eye full of my mostly nude body.
After some time of this stimulation we had one trucker that kept playing leap frog with us to catch another look at me. I began to really enjoy the attention so I got up in the seat on my knees showing him my ass. As I leaned over to suck my husband's cock he reached behind me and spread my ass cheeks better showing my now wet pussy from the rear. I continued engulfing his cock in my mouth as my husband began to finger my pussy with first one, then two, and finally three fingers while the truck driver kept pace with us.
After a few miles of our leap frog game with the trucker, my husband said to me, "there is a truck parking area ahead. Should I pull off?"
Nervously but breathlessly I replied, "do whatever you want to do" and I continued to suck his dick working my tongue up and down the tip to the midpoint. I could feel when our car began to veer to the right, so I knew that we are entering the pull over. Frighteningly, I also heard the unmistakable sound of a semi beginning to brake and I was certain that our voyeur pulled in right behind us.
My husband parked our vehicle near the exiting end of the pull off allowing plenty of space for the trucker to park behind us. There were only two other trucks parked in the pull off, and they both we several hundred yards behind us at the other end of the pull off. After taking in our scene I began to suck my husband's cock again while kneeling in the seat. My husband took this opportunity to reach under me and unbuttoned the remaining buttons on my sweater and pulled it back on my shoulders leaving my large breasts hanging down in the open air. He then told me, "the guy is walking to the car. Why don't you roll down your window?"
"No," I reply. "I can't do that."
Suddenly I heard a tap at my window, and I turned to see the trucker standing just outside the car peering in. He was attractive in a very rugged way. Slightly younger with a nice build. I shuddered as I saw his red plaid shirt, worn blue jeans, and leather work boots. He was intently watching me mere inches away from my almost completely nude body. This was really exposed. Hoping to move on, I turned back around to continue working on my husband's cock when I heard a louder knock at the window.
"Roll it down. He really wants a good look," my husband pleaded.
I shook my head "no."
My husband countered, "well at least sit down and spread your legs so he can watch you play with your wet pussy."
MY husband was right, my pussy was wet; very wet. Perhaps it was this excitement that encouraged me, but I relented and turned around, slid down into my seat, and spread my legs wide apart. If I was going to do this, I felt that I should really do it, so I leaned my ass up off the seat and pulled my lace thongs down my toned legs. Then I began to stroke my pussy with one and as my excitement grew, two fingers. My pussy was really wet. I alternated between sliding two fingers deep into my pussy and then stroking my engorged clit. Every time I removed my fingers from inside my pussy, they were dripping wet. I was quickly reaching the point of not caring about the circumstances, just wanting to cum.
The trucker was now doing his best to get the right view. He alternated between peering through the front windshield and then my side window. As he leaned in again to my window he stuck his tongue out snaking in and out of his lips showing me what he would like to do. I'll admit it made me very hot considering the possibility and I nearly opened my door to beg him to lick my pussy.
My husband knows that to really set me off I love to have my nipples stimulated while my pussy is being toyed with. He leaned over and began sucking on my left breast nearest him softly like he knows I like. I was breathing very heavy and getting more turned on. The trucker knocked again on the window.
I began to reach to the window button. As my finger got to the button, I paused with my hand resting on both the window button and the door lock. Maybe I was refusing or maybe I was about to give in and unlock the door to allow the trucker to use his tongue. My husband encouraged me, "come on baby, roll the window down". I didn't say anything but moved my finger down pushing the window button causing it to slowly go down. Seizing on his opportunity the trucker reached in and began roughly rubbing my right breast and pinching my already hard nipple.
My excitement now took over and I wanted even more. I again got up on my knees but this time I was facing the door. I leaned forward and placed my breasts out the window for this stranger to suck. As I kneeled there my husband pulled my sweater the rest of the way off my shoulders leaving me nude from the waist up with my skirt still gathered and tucked in around my waist. I held my tits up to the trucker wanting him to have his way with them. He grabbed them both and squeezed them together and began working his tongue back and forth across the nipples and then lightly biting each.
My husband began working fingering my pussy from behind and then inserted at least two into my dripping pussy. The trucker released hold of my tit with his right hand and reached in the car, down my torso until he found my clit. He began flicking back and forth across my clit while sucking one nipple and gently pinching the other nipple as my husband fucked me with his fingers from behind. I was quickly approaching waves of intense pleasure.
After allowing the trucker to stroke my clit for what was likely just a minute or two but what felt like hours, I turned back around in my seat on my knees with my butt aimed directed at the open window. I took my husband's hard cock into my mouth and began licking and sucking once again. The trucker leaned into the car and grabbed both of my ass cheeks in his two hands and spread it apart. I was certain he was now staring right at my puckered asshole and soaking pussy. I could feel the stranger's hands move and begin to caress my ass then slowly work towards my pussy. I felt his finger (although I'm sure it was two or three fingers) enter my pussy from behind and began to fuck my pussy hard. Suddenly I felt something wet on my ass and realized the trucker was leaned into the car kissing and licking my butt cheeks. His kisses and tongue moved lower from my butt cheek then to my crack and next I felt a wet flick at my asshole all the while his fingers were still frantically fucking my welcoming pussy. After a few moments of licking my ass the tongue continued to travel lower until I felt him slide his fingers out of my pussy and replace them with his tongue. He began licking all the way up and down my pussy first fucking it with his tongue and then moving down to flick across my clit a few strokes and then beginning again.
My husband had reached under me and was alternated stimulation across my nipples. I briefly paused my sucking to tell my husband "he is licking my pussy and stroking my ass". I began sucking my husband's cock again just as I felt the truckers wet finger find my asshole and begin to push in. With my nipples being stroked, my ass being fingered, and my pussy being licked I could not withstand the pleasure any longer. I began moaning loudly as I held my husband's dick in my mouth and experienced an explosive orgasm.
This was all my husband could take and he shot his cum into my mouth.
Feeling some obligation, I turned back around kneeling in my seat facing out the window and I looked down at the stranger's nude cock resting on his pants that were pulled down to his thighs. He had obviously been jacking off with one hand while he had been fingering my asshole because his cock was covered with cum. Sensing my opportunity to move on, I told him "thank you for that" and slowly rolled up the window.
The trucker smiled, nodded, and as he walked back towards his truck waved. I sat back down in my seat trying to catch my breath as we pulled out towards home.