My college has a policy that everyone on a sports team has to have a physical at the start of every year. Since I am on the softball team; that means me too. Last year when I was a freshman I was able to go to my family doctor to have it done. But I spent my summer away from my hometown so I didn't get the chance. Meaning I have to have a strange new doctor perform my exam.
I walked into the clinic and stood in line for the reception desk. Looking around I could see quite a few other students who were in the same boat as me.
"Next" said the receptionist.
"Hi I'm Corrine and I have an appointment with Dr. Foster." I was hoping he would be ready for me now and I wouldn't have to wait."
"Fill out this form and you will be called when he is ready." She handed me a clipboard and I went and sat down next to a cute blond boy.
I started filling out the form with my stats, medications, conditions, sexual history, etc. It was boring. So I thought I would distract myself with the boy I was sitting next to. He was fairly muscular so I was thinking either football or wrestling.
I decided to make conversation as I filled out the form. "I'm Corrine, here for softball. How about you?"
He looked me up and down and smiled, "Hockey. I'm Ricky." I thought he was cute, and clearly he thought I was attractive too. I'm 5'7'' with sandy blonde hair, hazel eyes, and perky D cups. "
Ricky continued, "The physical took forever last year, I' just hoping I don't have to do all the same physical endurance type tests as last year."
"Wait we have actual tests? Its not just a physical?"
He laughed, "Well my coach asks that the doctor perform these extra tests for his hockey players. I'm sure you wont have to do any of them. And if I'm lucky, then neither will I."
A nurse came out and called Ricky's name. "Wish me luck." And he followed her into the back hallway.
About ten minutes later the nurse came back and called me. "You can come with me." I followed her into the back hallway and she led me into a room that wasn't very large, but a had a curtain partition down the center of it. Most likely separating two exam tables.
"You can disrobe in here and put on this paper gown." She handed me thin, crinkly gown that made me remember why I hate physical exams. I took off my T-shirt and folded it nicely on a chair. Then I undid my jeans shorts and slid them down my legs. All the while keeping my eye on the door in case the nurse barges in again. I began to unhook my bra when I heard a man's voice behind me. I stopped dead in my tracks.
"Okay Ricky, you can relax for now." Then I realized what was happening. Ricky was having his exam performed just on the other side of the curtain. That also meant that the doctor was almost finished with him, and he would be over here soon. Ricky probably didn't even know who was on my side of the curtain, and certainly couldn't see me. So I quietly unhooked my bra, slid down my blue panties, and placed them on top of the pile of clothes. I kept my back to the curtain because it was awkward knowing Ricky was on the other side of it while I was naked here. I put on the stupid paper gown, and it crinkled all the way on. There were armholes and it was T-shirt style, but it was quite short. The back of the gown had no tie or anything, so it just hung open until mid back. I tried to cover as much as I could and I hopped up onto the exam table.
"Okay Ricky, you just stay here and I'll have the nurse come in and perform your coach's tests in a couple of minutes." The doctor finished and swung open the curtain. I was still facing away from it and it made me jump. I heard him close the curtain and he came around the table and stood in front of me.
"Okay Corrine, since you haven't been here before, we are going to have to take all your measurements. Come on over here to the scale." The scale was lined up with the curtain partition, so Ricky would be able to see me. I hopped off the table and was careful not to let my butt show as I waddled to the scale.
"Set up on the scale please." And so I did. I made sure not to make any eye contact with Ricky; that would be just awkward. "Arms at your sides please." Without even thinking I complied. And as I did, I felt the thin material fall away from my butt, exposing the bottom of my cheeks to Ricky. It was so humiliating, but oddly arousing. I had a cute butt and I knew it. Plus if I pretended that I didn't know he was there then maybe it wouldn't be so bad.
"Now turn around so I can measure your height." I did and made sure not to look at Ricky. But in the corner of my eye I could just make him out by the curtain, he was watching me intently. "Stand up straight please." The doctor ordered and I did as I was told. As I did, I felt the hem of the gown rise up a little, closer to the bottom of my pussy. And by straightening my back I inadvertently stuck out my chest. I could feel my nipples beginning to harden against the thin fabric. Pointing directly at Ricky.
The doctor motioned me back to the exam table. I quickly grabbed a bunch of gown around my ass. In the process I also pulled the thin fabric tightly around my chest, showing off my hardening nipples. I hopped back onto the safety of the exam table.
"Now swing your legs onto the table, we are going to have a listen to your heart and lungs." I did as I was told. The doctor used the opening at the back part of my gown and had me take slow deep breaths. He made his way down most of my back, opening the gown more and more. I clutched to it at the front so I wouldn't expose my breasts.
"I'm going to listen in the front now." He said as he moved the stethoscope to my chest. "Hands by your sides please." As soon as I did that, the gown slipped further down my chest. Not fully exposing my breasts, but showing some nice cleavage.
Just then the nurse swung open the door, walked right past me and partially swung open the curtain to Ricky's side. "I'm sorry Ricky, there's an emergency so you will have to wait a while before I can carry out those tests." Ricky said it wasn't a problem, and the nurse walked out. I was waiting for the big swing of the curtain, but I didn't hear one. I took a sideways glance and saw that she had left the curtain partially open. From where Ricky was sitting, he could see me a little bit. To my surprise, I felt myself starting to get a little wet between my legs. I liked the feeling of having him watch me.
I was so focussed on wondering how much Ricky could see, that I hadn't noticed that the doctor made his way further down my chest. You could now see my nipples poking out above the gown. They got harder once I realized that they were exposed. The doctor then checked my ear closest to him. With each rise and fall of my chest as I breathed, I could feel my nipples running along the firm neckline of the gown, and it felt good. The doctor leaned across my front to examine my opposite ear. He had me turn my head and body as much as possible. I could feel my ass slightly leave the surface of the table, exposing it more to Ricky. As the doctor leaned across me, his stethoscope that was hanging around his neck, kept gently swinging against my nipple. When he finished, I saw that my breasts were almost entirely exposed. I quickly grabbed my gown and covered them. Ricky had definitely seen them. How embarrassing. I could feel my face getting hotter and my pussy getting wetter.
"You can lie back now." As I put my head back on the bench, I saw that the curtain on this side didn't quite reach the wall. But Ricky couldn't have been able to see through it unless he was standing right there. "I'm going to examine your breasts now." And with that the doctor pulled the gown down past my breasts. He helped me to remove my arms from the sleeves and had me put them above my head.
I heard a shuffle and saw a shadow by the curtain. I tried to look back and I could just barely make out a shadow at the gap of the curtain peeking in. Ricky had moved and was watching me through the curtain! He would have a perfect view from where he was, but I couldn't see him because he was above my head. How rude of him, I was so angry that he would do that to me...but I was also turned on. Very turned on by the thought that he was watching me.
The doctor started to squeeze and manipulate my breasts. His hands were warm and they felt so nice. He took his time, working his way around the outside of my breasts first, one at a time. He worked his way closer to my nipple, occasionally brushing his fingers across the tip. It was such a tease and it felt so good. I wanted more. And I remembered Ricky was watching. He could see my hard nipples, and they got harder with the thought. Then the doctor began to gently pinch my nipple. Lightly at first, but then he squeezed a little harder. I tried so hard to suppress a moan, but it felt so great.
"I'm going to examine your stomach next. You can stay as you are." So I stayed with my breasts exposed and nipples pointing straight upwards. The doctor took the gown and slid it further down my body. He did this slowly and I could feel every sensation as it slid down my stomach into a mound above my mound. He started to gently caress my stomach and sides. Gently pushing down here and there. "Tell me if you feel any discomfort." He said as he continued to move his hands across my stomach and around my hips. Lower and lower down my torso, to where the gown began again.
Then he started to slip his hands under the edge of the gown. Crossing his hands over the top of my pubic hair and the front of my hips. I was laying on a metal table, with my hands above my head, a paper gown barely covering my mound, and a strange doctor's hands moving all over my torso. I let out a soft moan. He stopped. Oh crap did I really just moan. I can't believe I just did that.
"You feel discomfort when I have my hands down here?" He asked as he began to move his hands over the top of my pubes again.
If I say no then he will know I moaned in pleasure. "Yeah, a little I guess", was the best I could come up with.
"I can address that now before we move on." He slid his hands further under the edge of the gown and over my pubes. He gently moved his fingers through my pubes, and along the crease of my mound. This was such a tease! I was making me really horny and wet. Oh gosh I hope he wasn't going to do an exam down there. Then he really would know I was enjoying this.
I tried not to squirm with pleasure as he teased me. Then all of a sudden he stopped. He grabbed the edge of my gown and threw it back up over my chest. This of course pulled up too far and exposed my pussy. I let out a little squeal and pulled it back down.
"I want you to flip over onto your stomach for me now. You can flip the gown and where it as a jacket if you would like to keep covered." He instructed as he slid on a pair of blue latex gloves. I carefully slide one arm into the opposite sleeve. Guessing the Ricky was still watching, I turned my body away from the curtain, and onto my stomach. I slipped my arm into the other sleeve and lay there. My naked front on the exam table and back covered.
"You can put your hands under your head to make this more comfortable." I took the suggestion, and once again the hem of the gown rose up too. I could feel it sliding up over my ass cheeks, and exposing a good half of them. I peeked over to the curtain. At my eye level I could now see Ricky's lower half. I could also see his clear erection poking into the front of his gown. He probably didn't think I could see him. And I didn't want him to know that I knew he could see me. Just the thought of it began to make me squirm again.
"I want you to raise your buttocks into the air for me a bit." As I raised it off the table, the gown moved further up my ass. "I am going to do a manual exam here. It can be uncomfortable so it's okay to let out a groan." That did not sound good. "We seem to be out of lubricant so we will have to improvise."
His places his hands on either side of my ass and slowly raised it higher. I had to go up onto my knees a bit to compensate. He started to move his hands softly over my ass, moving closer to the center. He then let one finger brush over my pussy. I could tell it was wet. He moved his finger again to my vagina and pushed just past the lips. I was already horny and this was making it worse. I felt kind of ashamed that I liked it and that I wanted him to keep going. He pushed his finger deeper inside me. He wiggled it around for a moment, and I closed my eyes at the pleasurable sensation. He then starting using two fingers and moved them up and down between my pussy lips. It felt so good but I know that it shouldn't.
Then suddenly, he quickly slid his wet fingers into my asshole. I squealed a jumped in reaction. "Its okay to let it all out for this part. I've heard it all before." He probed around in my asshole, moving his fingers in and out. I have never had anything go into my asshole before, and I was surprise at how nice it felt. "I am going to switch my hands in a moment so I will need to get the other hand moist too." And with that, he took his other hand and began to run it along the inside of my pussy lips.
With one hand going in and out of my asshole and the other sliding along my pussy, I found it hard not to moan. His fingers in my vulva then started to slide inside me, then back out and to my clit. I let out a little moan.
"I apologize, I will try to speed this part up." And he began to move both his hands faster.
"Ohhh..." I couldn't help it. I started to lift my upper body off the table some more. I was practically on all fours now. I started to buck back onto his fingers in my ass. And grind against the fingers rubbing my clit. In my new position, my breasts swung under me and brushed against the exam table. I looked straight ahead and couldn't believe what I saw. Ricky still had an erection, but his hand was under his gown and he was stroking himself. I had forgotten that he was even there. But now I wanted to put on a show for him.
I began to squirm even more and moan. I pushed back against the doctor's hands. Then they abruptly stopped. "Roll over. We are running out of time so we need to do this quickly." I immediately flipped back over onto my back. I didn't even adjust my gown again. And before I knew it, the doctor was putting my feet into stirrups, and my whole front was fully exposed.
The doctor took off his gloves and tossed them onto my pile of clothes. He put on a fresh pair and spread my knees apart. He was now looking directly into my wet pussy. I didn't care that he could see it anymore. I just wanted him to touch me and make me cum. Without a word he slide two fingers into my pussy. I let out a gasp.
He started to move his fingers around the inside of my pussy, and in and out. With his thumb, he started to rub my clit. He did this subtlety at first, as if it was an accident. I began to moan even more.
"This can be uncomfortable for some patients as well, so again I will try to speed things up." And his fingers moved faster. In and out of my pussy. His thumb was vigorously circling and tapping against my clit. I was so close to climax. My back began to arch and I noticed that I was squeezing my breasts.
The doctor let me orgasm. He slowed down his finger movements as I came all over his hand. He removed his hand from my pussy. I was still gasping for air.
"You passed your physical Corrine. I apologize for any discomfort." He looked at me and gave me a knowing smile. He took off his gloves, grabbed the old ones from on top of my clothes, tossed them out and left the room.
I sat up and tried to cover myself. Then the nurse came back in. "You can get dressed now honey. You're finished." She went behind the curtain back to Ricky's side. I could hear her say, "You look flustered, maybe you aren't ready to do your tests yet." I let out a little giggle. I knew why he was flustered. And why I was too.
I hopped off the table to get dressed. I put on my bra but couldn't find my panties anywhere. They were blue, so my guess is that the doctor threw them out with his gloves. So I put on my jean shorts without panties, and slipped on my T-shirt. My pussy felt so airy without panties. Even though I just came, the thought of not wearing panties in public excited me. Maybe I will make it a regular thing.