To my readers, it was pointed out that there was a missing section to my story. I apologize, that I somehow missed the fact that I had failed to post this part. I hope it fills in the gap in the story.
My thanks to all my faithful readers, I hope you enjoy. HG.
Chapter 3 Part 3
When they arrived at the market there were only 3 cars in the lot. It was less than a half hour before closing. Linda woke when the truck stopped. She sat up and half asleep said," I wanna go in, I gotta pee and I'm dying of thirst. I need a Coke to clean my mouth."
Randy turned to Owen, "Get her out of the truck and get her in the shirt. Just button the middle two buttons and make sure she doesn't fall on her face. She still doesn't look any too steady. I'll go ahead in and see if Max has our steaks ready."
Tom was checking out the last of the customers as Owen and Linda came in. Tom recognized Linda immediately, noting that all she was wearing was the shirt that he had seen her in earlier in the day. He still vividly remembered watching her remove the shirt and hand it to Randy, leaving her standing completely naked as he helped her into the truck. He could still see her pussy as she opened herself for him. He gave them a nod and received a smile back from Linda. He blushed red and quickly finished putting the groceries in the bags.
Linda maintained eye contact and mouthed, "Bathroom?"
Tom motioned to the back of the market and said, "In the back past the meat counter, Max'll point it out to you."
Linda rolled her eyes and said a grateful, "Thank you," and scurried towards the back of the market.
When she came out of the rest room the two buttons Owen had buttoned outside by the truck were now unbuttoned, Linda loosely held the front of the shirt closed with her left hand. Owen handed her a Coke that she gulped half of it down before coming up for a breath. Doing a poor job hiding a burp, Linda said, "God that tastes good. My body must be craving sugar. Hi Max"
"Randy, you brought your lovely lady back to see me! Linda, my dear, so happy to see you again, come here let me give you a hug."
When Linda opened her arms to receive Max's hug, her shirt opened exposing her completely from her head to her bare feet, a point that was not lost on Max.
"Randy, man, I don't have your steaks cut yet. I'm finishing up that special order I told you about. I really thought you were going to be in later so I tried to get this done first so I could get them in the cooler. All the meat just came out of the cooker and grinder; I just need to fill the casings. It won't take long if you don't mind waiting."
"No problem, I see you have a couch back there in the corner, we'll just crash there till you're done."
"Can I watch? I've never seen hot dogs made." Linda asked Max.
"Honey you are welcome to watch anytime. I'll even let you help if you want to. It's easy, you might even think it's fun, you know handling those long tubes of warm meat." Max winked at Linda making her blush.
"See up here in this hopper is the meat all cooked, ground up and seasoned. All you do is put this casing, which is the outside of the hot dog, over this nozzle and push this button. The meat is injected in the casing making it as long as you want it. I usually make them about a foot long, like this." Max filled a casing about a foot long, pushed another button and the machine twisted the filled casing, cut off the ends and sealed them so the meat wouldn't come out the ends. "And there you have 12 inches of hot meat all ready to use any way you want it." Max teased.
Linda took the warm tube of meat and ran her hand up and down its length and said, "Ooh, nice and long, and smooth, and warm. I could think of several things to do with this. I'd never be able to work here, too much temptation. This could replace Randy much too easily." Linda joked only half seriously. Feeling the warm hotdog she suddenly felt al tingly in her tummy. "Damned drugs, not again," she thought.
"Honey, that one is yours; you can do anything you want to with it. Don't think anything you could do would be the first time anyone has done it." Max insinuated a lot of meaning as he looked at her exposed body.
Linda smiled at Max and looked toward the couch where Randy and Owen were not paying attention as they looked at an old magazine. She then looked at Max and said, "Should I? I mean I really shouldn't do that right here in front of you. Isn't this part of your special order?" Now embarrassed and more than a little turned on at the idea of using the hot dog for pleasure.
"Go ahead, I'd take it as an honor to have you get off on it. Don't worry; I'll just put it in the order anyway. I'd love to shove them up a horse's asshole and then sell them to the bastard who ordered them. I can't stand the prick."
Linda never took her eyes from Max's as she lowered the warm hotdog to her pussy. She rubbed the entire length along the outside of her moistening slit and then squatting slightly and sighing she inserted nearly the whole length deep inside her. She closed her eyes and let out a soft moan and slid the warm tube of meat in and out several times before reluctantly pulling it out.
"Oh my God, that feels so good; I might have to come by here every time you make these wonderful things." Linda smiled. "Maybe you could start a new fad, Pussy Dogs."
"You just go ahead and "season" all of these you want. I kinda like the idea of sliding that bastard a bunch of Pussy Dogs without his knowing. It'll be our little secret." Max smiled and gave Linda a wink. "Here let me make you another one. That one is cooling off, gotta keep your meat warm."
With the warm hotdogs sliding in her, Linda let the drugs take over as she felt the need to cum wash over her again.
"Oh God Max this is so fucking good!" Linda could hardly stand as she slid the second warm tube up inside her.
Max suddenly got an idea as he watched Linda get carried away using the hotdog. "Linda, Honey, forgive me, but I just got a crazy idea. You can say no, but just hear me out."
Linda had to focus hard on what Max was saying. She had nearly gone past the point of caring what was going on around her.
"Look, you seem to really like that. I'd love to pull one over on that prick who ordered the dogs. How about we lay you down on this table here and we get the others to help, all you would have to do is lie back and let us pleasure you with the whole fucking order. How does being fucked with 5 dozen nice warm hotdogs sound?"
Linda was practically out of control as she heard Max's proposal while still sliding the hotdog in and out of her tingling pussy. The thought of doing such a nasty deed only added fuel to the fire inside her. "That sounds so good, I don't know if I could do all of them myself though. I just want to feel these long hot tubes of meat deep inside me."
Don't worry, just hold on for a second, I think we can get all kinds of help so you will just have to lay back and enjoy the ride."
"Randy, Owen, come over here, I've got a job for you. Tom, lock the door put the closed sign up and get back here I need you." Max quickly explained what was going to happen and how the others were going to help. The three men looked at Linda and she just shook her head and told them to hurry.
Randy told Max, "You might want to know before you do this that she had about four loads of cum up inside her already. Those dogs you are going to shove up her pussy are going to be covered with more than just pussy juice."
"Out fucking standing! So much the better!" Max beamed.
"Tom, boy, take her shirt, no need to get it all messed up." Tom carefully took Linda's shirt, leaving her completely naked from head to toe and hung it on a hook beside a row of aprons. "Guys, help her up on this table. Linda, spread those long lovely legs and let us see that delicious pussy. Atta girl."
Linda was willing to do whatever they asked she just wanted to feel that wave of orgasms she so desperately needed right then. She didn't care that she was stark naked spread eagle exposed to four men and was about to have hotdogs pushed up inside her. She was in heaven.
"Okay I'm going to make the dogs, I'll hand them to you guys, you take them and gently push them up in her. Take turns, don't hurry, fuck her slow and easy, make her cum." Max instructed the others.
Randy took the first hotdog and slowly slid all but about an inch slowly into Linda's pussy. He paused for a couple of seconds and then slowly pulled it out until only an inch remained inside her then he repeated the process a half dozen times before pulling the pussy juice and old cum covered hotdog completely out of her and stepped aside so Owen could repeat what he had done. When he was done, Tom did the same. Linda lay on the table thrashing her head from side to side and whimpered with pleasure.
After the first round, the two who were waiting stood on either side of the table and massaged Linda's ample breasts. They pinched and pulled gently on her nipples pushing her ever closer to her climax. Randy added fingers to her clit rubbing and pinching her and finally sending her into a screaming orgasm.
There was no pause even though Linda begged for them to stop and let her rest. When they did stop, she cried for them to keep doing her. She was totally out of control. She begged them to let her suck them and finally they relented and stripped and as one shoved yet another warm tube into her, she sucked on the two who were deliciously torturing her breasts.
Suddenly, Owen couldn't hold it and realized he was about to cum. Linda screamed at him to push his cock in her pussy and add the cum to her sloppy pussy. Randy pulled the hotdog out of her and Owen pushed himself deep inside her once, twice and then even deeper he held himself deep in her pussy and shot his sperm over and over again. One, two, three, four, five long shots of young spunk shot deep inside her. Linda came again and collapsed flat on the table. Owen held himself inside her for a few moments and then pulled his shrinking cum coated cock out of her. Tom slid another hotdog inside her before too much liquid drained out of her gaping pussy hole.
Linda motioned for Owen to position himself by her head and she took his slimy cock in her mouth and sucked him clean. By the time she was done, he was hard again. He had one of the blessings of a young man, fast recovery.
By the time they had four dozen hotdogs coated with Linda's pussy juice, all four, Randy, Owen, Tom and even Max had deposited more cum to Linda's pussy. Owen and Tom had made two deposits.
Max leaned over and whispered in Linda's ear and her eyes got wide and then she smiled and shook her head and said, "I'll try."
Max stopped everyone and said, "Okay we have a dozen to go, we're going to make these extra special. Tom go over and get a bottle of olive oil. Randy, Owen help her turn over and get her on her hands and knees. Raise that beautiful ass up so we can see that butt-hole. Carefully now don't force her let her relax." In this position, Max was looking directly at Linda's asshole. He poured an ample amount of oil on her puckered sphincter and slowly and gently started to work first one then two then three fingers in her ass. Linda could only moan and push against the invading fingers.
When asked if she was okay, she could only mumble "Oh God, don't stop."
Finally Max had Tom step up in his place and put his fingers in Linda's asshole as he made yet another foot long hotdog. He then indicated to Tom to step away and he slowly pushed the warm slick hotdog deep in Linda's bowels. He pushed it all the way in, leaving nothing to hold to remove the meat filled tube from her ass. He then told her, "Linda honey, push it out now, push like you are pushing a big shit out your ass." Linda pushed and the oil slickened tube slid slowly from her bowels. When it was nearly out, Max told her to stop and he them pushed it back in. They repeated this 2 times and then Max pulled the ass covered hotdog out and looked at Randy to put another inside Linda before her asshole completely closed. Each man in turn pushed 3 hotdogs into Linda's asshole, one at a time and they were done.
Linda was too exhausted to move. She had more climaxes than she could count. She was covered with cum and oil and her own juices and sweat. She knew that she must smell like a well-used whore, but she couldn't move enough to close her legs to cover her dripping pussy and asshole. Mostly she didn't care. The fire she felt from the need to be fucked had been finally extinguished. Now she just felt the post-coital warmth from being fucked by four men and five dozen hotdogs. At the thought of what had happened passed through her mind, she knew that later she would be humiliated, but now she just smiled, then giggled and then laughed at the sheer absurdity of the whole thing.
Owen and Tom, still naked themselves, volunteered to help Linda clean up and came with warm wet towels to wipe away all the slime that covered most of her body. They paid extra gentle attention to her breasts, pussy and asshole. Linda enjoyed the attention and let the young men touch her freely anywhere. She in turn gave their again erect cocks a little attention as well. Both managed to allow her to give them a satisfying blow job. Ah youth!
Finally after hugs and kissed and a few (okay many) feels a naked Linda was helped to the truck and Randy, Owen, and an exhausted, smiling Linda drove back to Randy's house.
Yes, they remembered the steaks, which Max refused any payment for and no, they didn't remember Linda's shirt, that Tom took home and smelled as he beat off to regularly.