It came in a flash for Nadine Venus and all the other unsuspecting souls of New Beaverton. It had been viewed as a joke resolution, something silly and non-binding that a mid-sized town could get away with because it didn't matter. They did not expect the Free Love for New Beaverton and Economic Stimulation Act to be passed with 73% of the vote and the bemused look on Mayor Cocksmith's face as he passed it into law.
Nadine rushed around her apartment, getting ready for work in a daze. The new laws were set to go into effect at noon today. A packet had arrived yesterday from the government detailing the new rule changes. Nadine had been too frightened to even look at it. She pulled a bra over her ample breasts, tucking her soft pink-brown nipples back into place. She had just moved to New Beaverton for work and it had exhausted every bit of her savings. This was supposed to be a new start, new responsibility, a chance to prove herself in her field. Now this. She started to button her white work blouse when she remembered the packet. Might as well get this over with, she thought, do not want any surprises. She pulled open the envelope, removing a folded sheet of paper with the Mayor's seal on the front. Inside were three bullet points, laid out plainly in large letters.
1. You may have sex with anyone you like.
2. If you are in the neighborhoods of Northedge, Subport and Oakshaft, voters in those districts have voted for mandatory nudism as well.
3. A representative will be around to check on compliance and answer any questions.
A chill ran through Nadine's body, followed by a deep pang of realization. She lived in Northedge! She looked back at herself in the mirror. Now she wouldn't even be able to cover herself up. She was all out on display for the predatory eyes of the world to ogle. Before she could finish thinking out the implications of all this, there was a rapping knock at her door. Her mind darted to the final bullet. A representative will be around to check on compliance! Such ominous wording. Another round of rapping at the door. She imagined a group of sleazy officials, brushing in and making her comply with the new rules. And to her surprise, amongst the apprehension, she felt a flutter in her pussy at the thought. Just a moment. She turned to the mirror one last time and realized she was still partly dressed. Better start this off right she thought and undid the buttons of her shirt and let her tits hang freely on her chest. She turned to admire her ample butt in profile and then turned to the front door, steeling herself for whatever might come next.
What did await her was not a group of armed goons waiting to force her to submit. It was a young professional man with curly brown hair and the beginnings of facial hair and a slightly older woman with olive skin and jet black hair tied in a tight bun. The young man was also standing in the hallway of Nadine's apartment complex completely nude. His slim body, while nearly hairless, still sported a large club like cock.
"Hello Ms. Venus, I believe, yes how are you doing today maam?" Somewhat taken aback by this nonchalant display but deciding to forge ahead anyway Nadine replied "I'm doing fine today thank you,"
"That's good to hear, my name is Hugh Langenshaft and this is my colleague Dr. Krista Navasutra and we are here to help you along with the Free Love for New Beaverton and Economic Stimulation Act. I as you can see have stripped down to be in accordance with Northedge's new policy of mandatory nudism and I applaud you for doing so as well. May we come in?" Nadine stood for a moment, apprehensive. Was now the time? She nodded, what else was she gonna do?
"Thank you,"Langenshaft before turning and nodding to his colleague and stepping into the foyer.
With the door closed behind them, he paused and then with a look that Nadine could feel was not entirely serious, turned to his colleague. "Dr. I don't mean to rush you but perhaps now would be a good time for you to join us?"
The Doctor rolled her eyes, "Of course Hugh, now that we are comfortably inside, not all of us like parading around for all the world to see!" to Nadine as much as him, "I am still getting used to all this entails and haven't lost all of my shame yet." And with that she began to strip off. Underneath her business casual was a set of small perky breasts set with tiny dark nipples like little blueberries. As the doctor peeled off her underwear, revealing bigger hips and thighs than the formal clothes let on, Nadine began to feel a little more at ease. Everyone was doing this for the first time, getting used to displaying themselves to the world this way.
Langenshaft looked around approvingly at the two nude women in front of him and then gestured into the living room, "May we discuss this somewhere more comfortable? Don't worry, the Doctor and I brought towels to sit on." He let out a short light laugh, "Don't need to worry about unfamiliar butts on what looks like lovely mid century modern furniture." Nadine nodded, still too shocked to say anything more. There were now two nude strangers in her foyer. She cleared her throat and turned to lead them in.
Langenshaft sat comfortably in a scooped orange armchair off to Nadine's right, while Dr. Navasutra sat with her legs folded on the soft, forest green couch between Nadine and him. She hesitated, realizing she had never put her bare bottom on her own couch. She sat, deciding now was a good time to get comfortable.
"So, now that everyone seems more comfortable," Langenshaft offered, eyebrows raised toward both of the women. The Doctor rolled her eyes again. "Get going Hugh, we really don't have all day to do this."
"Well ok. We are here to walk you through this new way of approaching life. I will introduce a few rules and then a demonstration-What, what did I do now?" The doctor had begun rolling her eyes again, exaggerated annoyance framed by her luscious thick brown eye lashes.
"Rules make it sound so authoritarian," she trilled, "I prefer a few parameters." She turned to Nadine, who again nodded. She hadn't stopped thinking about what Langenshaft had started to say. Demonstration. So she was about to get a first hand demonstration of the new law. "As you know, everyone under eighteen in New Beaverton, what few there are, attend a boarding school on the other side of the lake."
"Yes, I always thought it was a strange habit, it's quite a large lake." Nadine responded, looking around at no one. A town with less of an emphasis on family and children had been part of the appeal for Nadine. Never had she imagined it could mean something like this! "Our young spend most of their time away, learning trades and apprenticing, it has served our town well," The Doctor continued, unperturbed.
"And so that means essentially anyone you see around, you can proposition for sex and they can proposition you. Whenever, wherever," Langenshaft interjected, an open binder in his hands. "You can decline to partake, but we are encouraging people to participate and keep an open mind. And that there is nothing stopping it from happening around you, so you might as well join in."
The Doctor nodded and then turned to Nadine, softly "Free love. Because its going to be happening all around you." Langenshaft shrugged, the bulbous head of his penis bouncing as he moved.
"We are legalizing the shared free expression of love in people," The Doctor continued, her eyes darkening with intensity, "So violence toward people in the expression is still unacceptable. So to the best of our ability, everyone should be safe to explore the world however they pleased." Both Langenshaft and the Doctor smiled at Nadine, who again nodded.
Langenshaft looked down at his watch, then at Dr. Navasutra, then quickly up and down. "If you don't have any questions Ms. Venus, we should probably get on to the demonstration portion of our meeting."
Nadine shook her head, "No I dont think so, I can't stay too much longer have to get to work." She stood up straight, somewhat stiffly, then relaxed, uncrossing her legs. As ready as I'll ever be. "So which one of you go first, or do I pick?," she asked the room.
Again the two gave each other a knowing look. "Darling, we're not here to have sex with you, we'll demonstrate a scenario, for you, together." Nadine let out a quiet breath of relief. She didn't need to participate, this was more like a presentation than an orgy.
Standing in the middle of the living room, Langenshaft suddenly snapped into a pose as if peering at an invisible photograph on the wall. His cock raised slightly, his large round bouncing as he got into place. The Doctor stood in front of her, the large triangle that was her manicured bush was nearly eye level with Nadine. "The scenario we will now present is of a grocery store, and I spy a man in the canned soup aisle that I would like to have sex with," she purred, "Hello sir, I like the look of your cock and your body, and I would like for you to fuck me with it." She announced, toward Nadine in the audience and Langenshaft in the mock grocery aisle. He turned back toward her, his face turned in a look of faux horror.
"Madam, with your ravishing body here on display for me, I find that I must accept." She had already stepped close up to him, "Good," she purred again and started vigorously massaging his hardening dick.
Nadine sat in stunned silence, but she could not deny that some part of her was turned on by the scene as it was unfolding. Langenshaft whispered, "Come sit on it," as he sat back down in the chair. The Doctor climbed on top, moaning as his big swollen dick slid easily inside. He braced his hands on her hips, preparing to dig in;
Then Langenshaft paused and, seeming to recall his professional duty, turned to look at Nadine. "Normally, you of course want to remember to use foreplay or other lubrication methods to prepare your partners orifices, but," He turned suddenly back to Navasutra, blushing and sheepish, "We've a done this a few times already today, so she's already ready to go.
Nadine nodded, softly,"I understand. You don't need to stop." Langenshaft smiled and began to bounce the petite frame of the Doctor up and down, her cries of pleasure rising as she rode him. Over and over she bounced on his dick and Nadine found herself deeply engrossed by it, two strangers, behaving so carnally, going at it for her viewing privilege. She was tweaking her nipples and rubbing gently her clit, finding herself getting wetter as they cried and grunted until finally Langenshaft came with a gasp deep inside of the Doctor, whose head was thrown back with ecstasy. They sat for a second, breathing heavy, skin reflective with sweat. Then slowly, the Doctor peeled herself off, stretched and in one motion twirled to face Nadine, kissing her lightly. "Thank you for being a good audience," she said in a husky tone that signaled satisfaction.
Having toweled off and gathered their things, Langenshaft and the Doctor stood now by the front. They were both still naked as the day they were born and to Nadine it was now sinking in that they were about to step through that door into a world where that was the norm.
"Ms. Venus, Nadine now that we're all a little more familiar with each other, I hope this has been instructive to you and can aid you in your transition toward this new reality," Langenshaft with one hand on the door and a little bow. Krista turned to Nadine, her dark brown eyes soft with an immense look of kindness, "Keep an open mind and heart, and you will find exactly what you are looking for." A beat, "perhaps open legs too as well," added with an airy chuckle.
Nadine nodded one last time, "Thank you for taking time out of your day to introduce this all to me, I really appreciate it. You guys are a..." She couldn't believe she was saying this now to two strangers, "were a really sexy couple, it was hot to watch you fuck like that, I think I get it now." She smiled at the two as they waved and exited into the apartment hallway.