My wife came home one day and told me that someone had said she was too fat to get sex. Now she's chunky but not huge, with a nice belly decorated with stretch marks like sexy flames. Her hips are wide and she has a nice waist, and big tits with large areolas that I just love to suck. Penny is certainly a hot woman and I know a lot of guys would love to fuck her.
After talking about it she agreed to a little experiment to prove that men think she is hot.
One night we went out, Penny wearing a nice flimsy dress with no underwear. We had a nice meal and called a taxi to take us home. She sat in front next to the driver and I sat in the back, right in the middle to get a good view of the action.
When we arrived home, to our quiet little side street, Penny looked poutingly at the driver.
"I'm afraid we don't have any money," she said. "But I could pay you with my pussy."
The driver looked interested but didn't seem too sure whether she was serious.
"You can cum inside me," she added.
At that the driver unzipped and pulled out his fat cock. He was already hard. Penny opened her legs, revealing her thick bush and soaking wet cunt.
"Just put your cock in me," she moaned. "I'm so wet."
He got between her legs and slid his huge tool into her sopping snatch. Penny gasped as he began to thrust. She soon began to moan, gushing over his throbbing meat.
He pulled her dress over her head and looked her over greedily. He groped her massive tits then moved his hands down to feel her jiggling belly. The feel of it obviously excited him as he started to slam his cock harder and faster into her quivering gash.
Grabbing hold of her hips, he pulled her onto him, slamming his full length into her. He grunted and filled her cunt with hot jizz.
He pulled out and Penny scooped up a handful of spunk from her pussy. She eagerly licked her fingers clean.
Sliding her seat back, she got on her knees.
"Cum in me again," she moaned. "I want more."
The driver pushed his cock back into her pussy. He reached round eagerly to feel her belly, holding it as it swung with every thrust. His hands explored her body, holding her hanging tits and feeling her round arms.
He grabbed Penny's love handles and pulled her back onto his massive tool, not caring that she was gushing all over his car. I could hear her squirting as he smashed her cunt.
She was almost screaming as he rammed his full length into her and held it there, emptying his balls into her cunt.
The driver seemed happy with his payment and Penny put her dress on. We hurried through the gate into our back garden. As soon as we were out of sight, I bent Penny over, lifted her dress and slammed my cock into her spunk filled snatch.
I watched the jizz running over my shaft as I pounded her and in moments I added my cum load to her messy gash.
Again she reached down, scooped up a huge helping of spunk and greedily gobbled it down.
"Oh, it tastes so good," she moaned.
This made me so horny I went straight back into her. She tried to stifle her moans but I was sure that the sound of her sloppy cunt could be heard all down the street.
I reached round to her belly, feeling the lines, running my hands down to the crease of her thighs. The feel of her stretch marks made me increase my speed, desperate to cum inside her.
I held my hands on her belly, feeling it swing as I gyrated. I shot the last of my seed inside her soaking wet cunt. I pulled out and held her cunt open, watching the jizz leak out of her.
We staggered into the house, where Penny went to the kitchen. Grabbing a cucumber from the fridge, she lay down on the floor, opened her legs and rammed the cucumber into her quivering gash.
I watched as she finished herself off. It had been a great night and Penny was sure now that she was a beautiful woman.