This is the fourth part of an ongoing series. The characters are fictitious. Any correlation to real people alive or dead is purely happenstance.
******************************************
When we arrived at Constance's house, it was around 10 pm. It was after the shopping trip and the nude swinging in the park. The same day Cheryl's belt had spanked Elaine and me over the hood of Constance's hood in a public parking lot. Constance did not unload the trunk or give Elaine or me our clothes back. Constance had retrieved our phones from the trunk at some point, she handed them to each of us.
"Come inside Elaine you know you like being kept naked," Constance said.
Elaine did not object. We went inside and ate the Taco Bell food. We had not eaten for hours, even Taco Bell burritos and tacos tasted gourmet. Constance had me open a bottle of California white Grenache from the Sonoma valley, after we ate. Beverley and Constance started revealing their dreams as we sipped the blush wine from hand blown Italian glasses.
"Beverley and I love fashion and have always dreamed of opening our own boutique and design house," Constance said.
"I love fashion too," Elaine said.
"We know when we were looking for the swimsuits we found a sketch book with your design ideas," Beverley said.
"I forgot about that. I took some classes at the University of Santa Cruz," Elaine said.
"We want you to open a shop with us and make some of your designs," Constance said.
"I don't have any money to contribute," Elaine said.
"Beverley and I have more money than we could possibly spend, what we do not have is the time," Constance said.
"We can help but you would have to do most of it," Beverley said.
"Sounds fun, I loved my little surf wear shop," Elaine said.
"This will be more upscale and exclusive, but we have faith in you," Constance said.
"Can we take Calvin out on your yacht tomorrow?" Beverley asked.
"Yes I will call Walter and have him get it ready for us," Constance said.
She picked up her phone and speed dialed.
"Walter will you please prepare the yacht for tomorrow. There will be six of us coming aboard. We will need provisions for three days. Thank you Walter," she said.
"We likely will cruise down to Monterey," Constance said.I wondered who would be the sixth person.
"It is always more fun to plan things on a yacht," Beverley said.
"Yes it is. I also want Elaine to teach us all how to surf," Constance said.
"No problem, do you have any boards on the yacht?" Elaine asked.
"No, we only have jet skis," Constance said.
"There is a Surf shop in Santa Cruz," Elaine said.
"We will anchor off the beach and use the launch to go get them then," Constance said
"Okay, sounds gnarly," Elaine, said.
"You teach us how to surf and we will teach you how to use your talents to get rich," Constance said.
"Enough talk let's go skinny dipping," Beverley said.
We all went out to the pool and Beverley and Constance stripped off. I took my phone out to the pool with us, as did the others. Seems like another trait we all shared, not wanting to be away from our electronic tethers. We all got into the pool. We swam around the pool; it felt so erotic to be nude in the water. The feel of the water on my bare skin was something I always loved. We swam for a few minutes and then we got out.
"Terrence I want you to get another bottle of Grenache and the glasses," Constance said.
I went to the get the glasses and bottle. I used a tray to carry it all back. I poured a glass for everyone. Constance had retrieved a deck of cards from the cabana. Constance took a sip of wine.
"Let's play a game," Constance said as we were drying off with towels from the cabana.
"What kind of game?" I asked.
"High card gets to own Terrence for three days," Constance said.
Constance shuffled the cards and she handed them to me to cut them. I cut the cards and set them on the table. Beverley drew a ten. Elaine drew a Jack and Constance drew a Queen.
"I want a female slave as well; Beverley and Elaine draw a card. Low card is my slave. Unless one of you wants to volunteer," Constance said.
"I want to volunteer," Elaine said as she blushed.
"I thought you would," Constance said.
"I need to go home and take care of my cat, anyway," Beverley said as she finished her wine.
She quickly got dressed. Then she kissed Constance goodbye with a peck on the lips. She then kissed me goodbye by forcing her tongue in my mouth as she playfully watched for Constance to react. Constance was not showing anything, she knew her friend well enough to know she was trying to provoke her.
"Goodbye I will see you all tomorrow at 9 am," Beverley said.
"Goodbye, you better fill the cat feeder up. We might be on the yacht for a few days," Constance said.
"Okay, I have nothing planned until Thursday, "Beverley said.
"Goodbye Beverley," Elaine said.
"Terrence, use my key and help Beverley get her stuff," Constance ordered.
"Elaine, suck the milk out of my boobs now," Constance said.
Elaine looked happy to suck Constance's milk laden teats.
"You like my milk?" She asked Elaine as I waited for Beverley to be ready to go.
"Yes," Elaine said.
"Would you want to have milk in yours?" Constance asked.
"Yes," Elaine answered.
Beverley was ready and I went to Constance's car and helped her put her stuff in her car. The moon reflected off something on the hill. It looked like it came from a distant balcony. Perhaps it was a metal wind chime. Beverley kissed me goodbye again as she grouped my bottom playfully. She got into her MG and left. I walked back into the house as I saw the reflection move in the corner of my eye. When I went out to the pool, Elaine was licking Constance's sex. Constance lay with her legs splayed out on a chaise and Elaine was on her knees pleasuring Constance.
"Part Elaine's vulva wit that monster Terrence and don't be gentle," Constance ordered.
I did as ordered and rammed my pole into Elaine's sopping wet hole. I shoved it into the hilt in one continuous thrust. Elaine moaned, as she dutifully serviced Constance. I pulled out and slammed it back in. Elaine gasped as I did it one more time.
"You both like being my slaves, don't you?" Constance said.I knew I did. I knew she was not going to treat me cruelly.
"I do," Elaine said as I thrust in and out of her hungry hole.
"I do," I said.
"You can come as many times as you can, Elaine," Constance said.
"I know you think I forgot that you have the three of us linked, Terrence, but I have not,"Constance said just as Elaine climaxed violently. Constance climaxed mightily as well.I hoped Beverley was safely home, because I knew she did also.
"I am enjoying knowing that not only can I make you two experience climaxes whenever I want, but Beverley even though she is half a mile away will come every time Elaine does as well," Constance said.
"Let's move to the bedroom. Terrence please bring the wine and glasses," Constance said. We moved to the bedroom.
"Nice portrait, can I paint you nude sometime?" Elaine asked as she saw the nude over the bed.
"Yes, I would love you to," Constance said.
"I want you two to understand something about the psychology of sexual control games. If you demean your submissive partner enough, they will lose your respect. Then the next step would be to discard them. That is human nature. Therefore, we will not degrade one another. If you are my slave it is voluntary and I will not ask you to do anything you or I find loathsome. Is that understood?" Constance asked.
"Yes Constance," I said.
"Yes Constance," Elaine said.
"I expect the same from you when you are in control Terrence. Do you promise?" Constance asked.
"You know I do," I said.
"Good come fill my pussy with your seed Terrence," Constance said as she spread her legs.
I did not need to be told twice, I penetrated her moist crevasse. Constance purred her pleasure as I worked my shaft into her.
"Give it to me hard and fast, Terrence," Constance said.
I pumped in and out of Constance as her fingernails raked lightly down my back. I rammed away enjoying the young restored pussy of the woman who I was beginning to trust with my destiny. I kept thrusting in and out until I shot my seed.
"Elaine, I want you to lick me out and clean up Terrence's mess," Constance said.
Elaine licked out all of my semen from inside Constance. While she was doing that, Constance climaxed and so did Elaine. I knew that Beverley had shared their orgasm as well.
"His semen tastes so good. Mark's tasted awful," Elaine said.
"Lick Terrence's penis off now Elaine," Constance said.
Elaine licked the semen off my penis as it quickly swelled again. She slowly licked it until it was clean.
"Do you want to have Terrence fill you with his seed?" Constance asked Elaine.
"Yes?" Elaine said.
"What hole?" Constance asked.
"My ass," Elaine said.
"Are you sure?" I asked. I was not sure about this.
"Yes I want to feel that huge thing up my butt," Elaine said.
Constance took some lubricant and handed it to Elaine. Elaine thoroughly coated my shaft with sex lube. Then she pushed me onto my back and slowly lowered her arse onto my shaft. Her anal passage was very tight as it enveloped my member.I was shocked that it fit into such a small opening.She started to work her ass up and down on my phallus. Constance produced a vibrator and held it against Elaine's clitoris. Elaine was working her tight anal sheath up and down my shaft. Elaine soon squirted in an orgasm. As she did, her muscles contracted on my shaft and I erupted into her bowels. Constance had a squirting orgasm as well. I figured Beverley must have as well. I quickly went to pee before they could stop me.
"You like taking it up the ass?" Constance asked Elaine.
"Yes, sometimes it can be real fun," Elaine, answered.
"I might try it sometime, but it looks scary," Constance said.
"I dare you to take just the tip, if you do you will beg for the whole thing," Elaine said.
"If I don't like it, what will be your penalty?" Constance asked.
"You can put clothespins on my nipples and clitoris," Elaine said.
"Yes, plus on Terrence's nipples and balls?" Constance said.
"Hey don't make any deals for me," I said.
"Be quiet Terrence," Elaine said.
"No one needs ask your permission Terrence," Constance said.Constance knew my fantasies and me.
I went hard just thinking about doing Constance up her behind. Constance went to the bathroom and brought out a washcloth to wipe off my cock. When I was clean, she lubed my shaft again. Then she put me on my back again. She put her ass in my face.
"If you want to fuck my ass, you have to lick it first. I washed it out good when I was in the bathroom," Constance said.
I slowly licked her anus, not sure what to expect. I rimmed it for a while until I finally put my tongue up her hole. It did not taste bad it tasted of scented soap.
"Lick my ass Terrence," Constance encouraged.
I licked her ass more enthusiastically when I realized how much she enjoyed it. I loved pleasing Constance. She wiggled her bottom as she enjoyed my tongue. After a few minutes, she got off my face and lowered her arse hole onto my cock. Soon she was using my cock as if she really wanted it. Constance was enjoying the pain and pleasure of her impalement. Elaine returned the good deed and held the vibrator against her clitoris. I could tell she was building up to a soul wrenching orgasm. Her strong muscles tightly gripped my cock. Her legs straining to work her tight orifice up and down my shaft, she squirted in her carnal frenzy. Her ass contracting even tighter on my member caused me to spew my love into her ass. Elaine and Beverley squirted as well.
"Go get the clothespins from the laundry room, Terrence," Constance said.
"But you liked it," I said.
"Are you arguing with me Terrence?" Constance asked.
"Yes, but I am sorry," I said.
Constance grabbed the Ping-Pong paddle that was on the nightstand. She handed it to Elaine.
"Because Terrence is arguing with me pay him back for the five spanks he administered on the hood of the car," Constance said.
Elaine sat on the edge of the bed and pulled me over her knee.
"Just give him five Constance?" Elaine asked.
"No make it ten. I want him to know not to argue, you need to count them, Terrence," Constance said.
Elaine swatted my ass with the Ping-Pong paddle and it stung.
"One," I counted.I loved spankings and Constance knew it as well as I did.
"Two," I counted as the second blow hit. Elaine hit harder than Constance had.
"Three," I counted as I was struck again.
"Four," I said as the next on landedon my rapidly warming backside. She landed another and I could tell Elaine loved spanking me.
"Five," I said.
"This is so fun being in control," Elaine said.
"I knew you would love it," Constance said. Elaine struck me again.
"Six," I moaned.
"Seven," I gasped as the next one hit.
"Eight," I said.
"Nine," I said as Elaine climaxed again. Constance and Beverley did too.
"Ten," I said.
"I saw a video once where a mistress spanked a man's balls with a metal spoon," Elaine said.
"We won't do that to Terrence, but I might use a spatula on his balls," Constance said.
"That sounds fun," Elaine said.
"Go get the clothespins Terrence," Constance said.
I went for the clothespins.
"I will give you a choice Elaine the clothespins as you suggested or you can lick Terrence's cum out of my ass?" Constance said.
"Both please," Elaine said,
Elaine was on her back and Constance put a clothespin on each of her nipples and her clit. She then lowered her cum filled ass onto Elaine's tongue.
"Terrence please go to the bathroom and wash off your cock, when you come back shove it up Elaine's pussy," Constance said.
I hurried into the bathroom and peed. I quickly washed my dick off with soap and a washcloth and returned. Elaine's tongue was deep up Constance's butthole.
"If you knock off the clothespin Terrence, I will put it and five others on your balls," Constance said.
I entered Elaine's tight hole and was trying not to disrupt the clothespin. It was obvious Elaine was trying to have me knock off the clothespin. She was rotating her hips under my thrusts. Constance climaxed and so did Elaine as the clothespin on Elaine's clitoris popped off.
"Now you have done it," Elaine said smiling.
Constance put me on my back and I spread my legs.This too was a fantasy of mine.Constance put six clothespins one after the other onto my sack. It was exciting. It hurt just enough to be exciting. The light pressure was just enough to be fun.
"Go get me the most flexible spatula from the kitchen Elaine," Constance ordered. While she was gone, Constance put a clothespin on my right nipple. Then she put one on my left.
Elaine came back with the spatula and Constance put her on her back next to me, her legs spread. Constance put the clothespin back on her clitoris as well as three down each of her protruding vaginal lips. Elaine whimpered as each clothespin clamped on her labia. She then smacked my balls lightly with the spatula. She hit Elaine lightly on her sex, striking the clothespins lightly. Then my balls and her vagina again, Elaine climaxed hard. Constance did as well. She hit my balls with the spatula again. She then kissed me on the lips. She took the clothespins off Elaine slowly, they seemed to hurt as much coming off as they did going on. Then she took the clothespins off my balls but not my nipples.
"If those pins are off in the morning you will be spanked with the paddle again," Constance said.
"I have to fly the helicopter tomorrow, so we better get some rest," Constance said.
We all went to sleep and all in Constance's bed. In the morning, I heard moaning. It woke me up. Elaine was surprising Constance by waking her with her tongue. The sheets had knocked the clothespins off in the night.
"What a good slave you are," Constance said as she shuddered in pleasure.
"Mark always wanted a morning blow job," Elaine said.
"Oh, you were his sub?" Constance asked.
"Yes, but it happened just as you said. He eventually lost all respect for me," Elaine said.
"Terrence is the two clothespins still on?" Constance asked.
"No," I said.
"First I want each of you to suck all the milk out of one of my breasts," Constance said.
We each sucked one of her nipples as she cradled our heads. It was as if we were her adult babies, it was incredibly erotic as we each slurped away. We sucked them dry. Elaine grabbed my ball and gave them a firm squeeze under the blankets. Constance seemed unaware of Elaine's liberty.
"I have to register the flight plans. Elaine Paddle his bottom with the paddle and then have him lick you while you use the spatula on his balls. Do not let him come," Constance said.
"I will be back. If you finish that before I return, put the breast cream on Elaine Terrence," Constance said.
Elaine pulled me over her lap and trapped my cock between her legs. Elaine smacked my ass with the pin pong paddle.
"You don't need to count Terrence," Elaine said.
She smacked me hard again. I gasped and she hit me again. She hit me 5 more times, each one slightly more painful than the last. I was sure Elaine was going to leave visible marks. She hit me five more times, varying the time between blows, to keep me off balance.
"You like to be spanked?" Elaine asked.
"I do," I said.
"I like spanking you a lot," Elaine said.
She spanked slowly ten more times, as she relished her position of power. Then she released me.
"Now lie on your back and I will punish your balls. I won't stop until your tongue makes me climax," Elaine said.
I lay on my back and Elaine sat on my face her torso facing my feet. I started to lick her folds. She struck me with the spatula as Constance had ordered. I licked and she slapped by sack again. I kept licking and she kept whacking my jewels. This went on for many blows and my balls were very sore. She smacked the sensitive head of my penis hard once before Elaine squirted into my mouth.I knew Constance and Beverley were squirting too.She hit my balls five more times enjoying her power over me and breaking her word of not hitting my balls after her climax.
"You cannot climax Terrence," Elaine said as she lowered her anus onto my shaft. She had grabbed the vibrator off the nightstand and was holding it against her clit. She rode up and down my shaft, her tight hole squeezing my manhood. She soon had a climax again. The others must have also.
"Now make my boobs bigger," Elaine said.
"Let's go out the French door to the pool, so the sun can activate the cream," I said.
I went to get the cream. I came back and applied it to her breasts. I pinched her nipples hard as I put it on her. She kissed me.
"Pinch them even harder if you want to," Elaine said.
I pinched the right one harder and she climaxed. I pinched the left one harder and she came again. Her skin now absorbed the cream. Her boobs were as big as Constance's was now. I sucked her right nipple and I my reward was a mouthful of milk. I sucked the left one and it squirted milk. Constance walked out of the French door from the bedroom.
"Save some for me Terrence," Constance said.
Constance started sucking Elaine's right nipple and Elaine climaxed again. Constance did also. I assumed Beverley did as well. I was still sucking her left nipple.
"Terrence I need you to unlink us. I have to fly the helicopter," Constance said.
"I unlink you three," I said.
We all went into the master bath and took a quick shower and Constance got dressed. She had retrieved her clothes from the trunk. Constance handed me an eighties thong swimsuit for men.
"This is your outfit for today," Constance said. I put it on.
"I found it at Elaine's isn't it wonderful," Constance said.
"I think it is," Elaine said.
"Good because here is your outfit," Constance said handing her a skimpy thong bikini. The triangles for the top covered the nipples and just a little more. The bikini bottoms would not have covered Elaine's pubic hair, if she still had any.
"Now go make me breakfast. If I like it, I will bring something else for you to wear in public," Constance said.
We made Constance waffles, scrambled eggs and sausage. She must like sausage or she would not have them in her freezer. She sat down to eat.
"Very good, I will bring something for you to wear in public," Constance said.
"Were you unnecessarily cruel to Terrence Elaine?" Constance asked.
"Yes, I was," Elaine, said the candor aspect still in play.
"Terrence you can have breakfast. Elaine you can have a protein shake from Terrence's penis. Get under the table and suck him," Constance said. I pulled down my swimsuit, sat down to eat and Elaine sucked my cock.
"Elaine, release him so he can ejaculate," Constance said.
"You can come whenever Terrence," Elaine said.
"I was watching you on my security camera, I knew how you treated him," Constance said.
Elaine was very good at what she was doing with her mouth. She raked her teeth up and down my shaft. Then she took the whole thing down her throat. As her lips stimulated my head, I shot a big load into Elaine's mouth. Elaine did not stop sucking until I was hard again.
"It tastes so good. Please order him to come in my mouth again Constance," Elaine said.
Then she put her lips around my cock again and she deep throated me again.
"Climax now Terrence," Constance said. I shot another load into Elaine's mouth. Elaine savored every drop.
"I sever Elaine's ability to control Terrence," Constance said.She always wanted to experiment.
Elaine came out from under the table.
"See if you can order him to climax Elaine," Constance said.
"Climax now Terrence," Elaine said. I did not react.
"Look what else Beverley and I found at your place," Constance said as she showed Elaine a pair of nipple clamps. The nipple clamps were two curved stainless steel rods that connected by two fine threaded thumbscrews. The clamps design was to act as a vice on the nipples.
"I could never fully appreciate those due to my nipples being inverted," Elaine said.
"Do you want me to make you wear them today?" Constance asked.
"Yes please," Elaine said.
Constance pulled the bikini's top string and it fell away from her breasts. She put the two clamps on her nipples just hard enough to stay on. Her nipples were leaking milk again due to the clamps stimulation. Constance and I each sucked a nipple again. When we were finished, Elaine made a suggestion.
"If you tighten the clamps tighter they might shut off the milk," Elaine said.
Constance tightened the clamps and Elaine liked it. Her nipples were no longer leaking. Constance slapped Elaine on her boob. Then she slapped the other boob. Elaine had an orgasm.
"You like having your tits slapped?" Constance asked.
"Yes, especially by you Constance," Elaine said.
Constance slapped each of her boobs again, and then she kissed Elaine.
"Did you bring the third clamp?" Elaine asked.
"I did. Do you want it on your clitoris?" Constance asked.
"Please put it on my clitoris," Elaine asked. Pulling down her suit and spreading her legs.
Constance put it on her clitoris. Elaine reached down to tighten it even more. Elaine put her suit back on over the clamps. She then kissed Constance to thank her.
"You are quite kinky aren't you?" Constance asked.
"Yes I love this stuff," Elaine said.
"Go to the bedroom and get the suitcase, Terrence," Constance said.
"I can't wait to tie you up and really play with you two," Constance said.
I went and got the case and brought it back.
"Stock up your sales kit and we will bring it as well," Constance said. I went to the car and packed the items from the bag into my sales case. When I came back, I feared I had missed something very kinky.
"Come help me push the helicopter out of the hangar out back," Constance said.
We went out back and pushed her Bell 407GXi out of its hangar and into the marked asphalt-landing pad. It was on wheels. The wheels were design was to fold up and leave just the skids down on the ground, before flight. A lever was necessary to put the raise and lower the wheels. Constance started doing her preflight. I had no idea there was so much property behind the house. I definitely did not expect a helicopter hangar and landing pad.
"Go get the suitcase Terrence," Constance said.
I went back for the suitcase. When I went entered the main part of the house Beverley was there.
"Hello Beverley," I said.
"Hello Terrence, Where is Constance?" Beverley asked.
"Doing the preflight on the helicopter," I said.
"Get hard Terrence," Beverley said as she pulled my thong off and put her foot on it.
"Step out of the thong and go get my suitcase from my car," Beverley said.
I went out to the car naked again and as I turned to go back in the house, I saw a bright flash from the distant balcony again. When I got back to Beverley, she slapped my ass. My ass was still sore from Elaine's abuse earlier.
"Nice shade of red on your butt," Beverley said as she grabbed my cock and kissed me. Her tongue explored my mouth, making me feel quite hot. Just as it felt good, Beverley slapped my penis head. This was quite shocking and painful. I loved it.
"You are both such pain sluts. Carry the suitcases out to the helicopter. Come along Elaine," Beverley said as she left my thong on the floor. We walked out to the helicopter.
"Hello Beverley, I see you stripped him already," Constance said.
"I have something for him to wear in my suitcase," Beverley said.
"The check list is done for preflight," Constance said.
"Beverley opened her suitcase and pulled out a leather studded fetish thong from the net pocket. The front had a tube for my penis. It was like a cock sheath.
"Put this on," Beverley said.
I put it on and it was pornographic.There was no way I could wear this in public.
"I like it, but Elaine go retrieve the other one as we load up," Constance said
"Wait Elaine," Beverley said as she stripped her by untying her bikini strings. The bikini top and bottom fell on the landing pad. Constance put Elaine's bikini into the chopper.
"I have something for you to wear when you come back," Beverley said.
Elaine went for the thong; her naked ass was so sexy.
"You put the clamps on her?" Beverley asked.
"She practically begged for it," Constance said.
"They are such perfect pain sluts," Beverley said.
"I know, but don't abuse them," Constance said.
When Elaine returned, Beverley handed her a leather fetish bikini. It was more like a series of straps. It consisted of a triangle framing each breast and another framing her snatch. It covered nothing but was incredibly sexy.
"Do you like my presents you two?" Beverley asked.
"I do it is so sexy," Elaine said
"I do too," I said. Beverley reached over and pulled the sheath off. Velcro had held it on. My cock was now exposed.
"Nice feature," Constance said.
The luggage was stowed and we all got in and closed the door. Constance put on her headset and contacted the aircraft controller. She went through the startup checklist. Beverley was in the front seat beside her. She started the chopper and after receiving clearance, she took off. She flew over the Marin county hills to the bay and flew north.Yesterday,I had no idea Constance was a pilot.
"I thought we were going to pick up Calvin?" I said, "The San Francisco airport is south."
"We are picking someone up at the Nut Tree airport first," Constance said.
I had never flown in a helicopter before. We were crossing over the bay and the view was spectacular. I wondered whom we were picking up. We went up the Napa River and flew over American Canyon pass. It was a short trip through Fairfield and Vacaville.
We landed at the Nut Tree airport in Vacaville after Constance received landing clearance and Constance left the chopper and went into a building. She came back with Kathy from the department store. Kathy was carrying an overnight bag. Kathy got in to the helicopter. Constance stowed Kathy's bag. Constance got in and put her headset back on. Constance started the helicopter. Kathy kept looking at my exposed member. We received clearance and Constance took off.
"Kathy has a few days off and I thought it would be fun to have her along," Constance said.
"If you want your breasts bigger take off your blouse and bra," Constance said.
Kathy removed her blouse and bra. She was as much of a nudist as Elaine and me. Constance handed me the jar of cream from her purse.
"Do the honors Terrence," Constance said. I rubbed the cream on her breasts. I could not resist tweaking her nipples. Constance put the helicopter on a course that would keep the sun on the right side of the copter.
"Turn your boobs to the window," Constance said.
The sun activated the cream and her boobs grew. When she turned around her breasts were "E" cup.
"Those look amazing on you," Constance said.
"Suck test, see how sensitive and they are," Beverley said.
Elaine and I both sucked one of Kathy's nipples. Kathy moaned and soon she was shaking in an orgasm.
"They are even more sensitive now," Kathy said.
Beverley handed Kathy the tiny bikini that Elaine had worn.
"Put that on," Constance said.
Kathy took off her pants and panties. When she was naked, Constance said, "Climax for me Kathy."
Kathy had an obvious orgasm.
"How did you do that?" Kathy asked.
"Tell her to climax Terrence," Constance said.
"Beverley, Elaine and Kathy your orgasms are now linked. Climax again Kathy," I said.
All three women climaxed at the same time.
"Nice touch Terrence," Constance said laughing.
"How did you do that Terrence?" Kathy asked.
"It is a side effect of my products. Do you like it?" I asked.
"God yes, do it again," Kathy said.
"No make her and Elaine lick each other 69," Constance said.
"She is the captain," I said.
Elaine and Kathy quickly started to eat each other's pussy. They sprawled out on the back seat. I had never seen girl on girl action any hotter, not even in porn.
"Constance, do you have any idea how many times I have climaxed in the last few days?" Beverley asked.
"No do you want Terrence to unlink you?" Constance asked.
"Not on your life, it has been the best time I ever had," Beverley said.
Elaine came first and the other two came as well. Elaine and Kathy sat up in the back seat looking a little worse for wear.
"Are you glad you came along?" I asked.
"Yes," Kathy said.
Kathy put on the skimpy bikini. We were approaching the airport and Constance got serious. The sky around the busy airport was nothing to take lightly.
"San Francisco air traffic control this is heloNC231963 requesting permission to land," Constance said.
She received instructions through the headset. She flew onto the edge of the airport and landed. The helicopter area was well away from the jet airplane runways.
"Spray Calvin with the perfume right away; I don't want any lies from him," Constance said.
Beverley got out and went into a building. Constance got out inspecting the helicopter. A fuel truck pulled up and Constance purchased fuel. She went through the entire post flight procedure. Constance opened the door to the helicopter.
"Sorry it will take Beverley a while to get Calvin from the international side to here," Constance said.
The fuel truck left and another helicopter landed. It was a large Sikorsky bird it looked like it held 14 people. It was full of executive types. One of them a 55-year-old woman walked up to Constance. She was dressed immaculately. They talked a few minutes. Constance reached in to get a New Life card. They both got in to the helicopter. She had a lot of make-up on, probably trying to hide her wrinkles.
"Show her your penis Terrence. Take that thing off," Constance said. I took of the leather thong.
"See Candy you can be young and Ted can be hung," Constance said.
"I want to schedule a couple's appointment, only 200,000 you sure?" Candy said. I told her how the creams linked people and caused sexual control anomalies.
"With the cream only touching you and your husband it will insure that sexual control cannot be exerted by Terrence or me," Constance said.
"I am reconsidering; can you put it on me first?" Candy asked.
"You want to be our sex toy?" Constance asked.
"I do for sure. I know I want to control Ted, also," Candy said.
"As a sign you are serious about this Candy I want you to suck the milk out of my breasts," Constance said. Constance took off her blouse and bra.
"Yes, Constance," Candy said.
Candy sucked her nipples and it was apparent that she loved the milk. Constance climaxed from the intense sexual sensations Pleasure caused. Candy happily kept sucking out the wonderful elixir.
"Terrence, take off Elaine's nipple and clit clamps and you and Kathy drink Elaine's milk," Constance said. Terrence took off the three clamps and Kathy and Terrence sucked Elaine's now full nipples. Elaine climaxed and so did Kathy.
When Candy finished sucking Constance's nipples her eyes glazed over. Constance noticed this right away.
"Why do you want to be my sexual plaything?" Constance asked Candy.
"It really turns me on and my boss is blackmailing me and degrading me sexually. I know you can free me," Candy said. The breast milk had caused the candor effect and it was clear she was being more truthful than she wanted to.This was an interesting wrinkle. Constance's milk was as powerful as the perfume. It was amazing how bazaar Pleasure worked.
"Your boss will eventually tire of you and release you, but if you are mine I expect you to serve me the rest of your life," Constance said.
"Yes, but I know you are not cruel and I like being a slave. I just don't want to be abused," Candy said.
"What is it that he has on you?" Constance said.
"He has framed me electronically for his embezzlement. It has not been discovered yet," Candy said.
"You still work for B.V.S?" Constance asked.
"Yes," Candy said.
"You know I own that company?" Constance asked.
"Yes, I know," Candy, said.
"Frank, my best IT guy will take care of it. There is no way he can steal from me without a trace, but both you and Ted will be my playthings, forever," Constance said.
"Yes, I know Constance. I am wet just thinking about it," Candy said. "I will have to spank you for not telling me about this sooner," Constance said.
"Sorry I did not tell you sooner," Candy said.
"When are you available?" Constance asked.
"We are going to spend next week in Carmel for vacation," Candy said.
"Starting tomorrow?" Constance asked.
"Yes we have a beach house rented there," Candy said.
"I will call you, we will be on my yacht down there as well," Constance said.
"I better go find my car," Candy said.
"See you soon," Constance said.
"You really like being a dominatrix don't you?" I asked.
"Oh yes, I love making people reveal how deviant they are. I know you could take control any time you want. Why don't you Terrence?" Constance asked.
"I like you being in charge and I trust and love you," I said.
"I love you too Terence," Constance said as she put her blouse on without her bra. I knew she did this for my benefit.
Constance made a phone call
"Frank I need you to look into B.V.S. and specifically into Jack Desoto. I have reason to believe he has embezzled from me. He has tried to frame another for it," Constance said.
I knew she would fill me in about Candy later. Beverley showed up with a man in tow. He had two pieces of matching luggage on wheels. As they got closer, I could tell he had smelled the perfume.
"Get in Calvin," Beverley said. Beverley got into the back of the cabin.
"Terrence I want you to move to the front seat next to me please," Constance said.
I moved up front and Constance checked in with the tower.
"Calvin this is Terrence, Constance, Elaine, and Kathy. Everyone this is Calvin," Beverley said. Calvin was about 58 years old with grey hair and sagging jowls. His face was noticeably wrinkled and bald on the front of his head.
"Why are these people starker's'? Calvin said referring to Elaine and me.
"Because I like them that way," Constance said.
"Why did you come here Calvin?" Beverley asked.
"I wanted to ask you to forgive me," Calvin said.
"Do you think you deserve being forgiven?" Beverley asked.
"No, but I still hoped you would," Calvin said.
"You will really have to make it up to me, before I would even consider it," Beverley said.
"I will do anything," Calvin said.
"Did you like being controlled by Edie?" Beverley asked.
After she finished her startup list, Constance had received clearance and she took off. She flew up the peninsula and over all the beaches. She was giving us the scenic tour. The coast was clear of fog for a change. The sun was shimmering off the waves. The sky was a nice hue of blue. She called Walter to move the yacht into the middle of the bay.
"Yes, how did you know she controlled me?" Calvin asked.
"I know you, Take off all your clothes now Calvin," Beverley ordered.
Calvin stripped off and he was very embarrassed to be nude in front of so many strangers. His small penis was not going to be big hard or soft.
"I want to put some rejuvenating creams on you and they will make you young and my slave. Then we will see about you being willing to do anything. Do you want me to put them on you?" Beverley asked.
"Yes I do," Calvin said. The candor effect from the perfume revealed his statements truth.
Beverley handed me my case so I could give her the creams in the proper order. I handed her the face cream. She applied the cream to his face, long forehead and neck. It took about 7 minutes to work. Then his face was young looking like a 30 year old. I handed Beverley the mirror and she held it up so he could see.
"I look young again," Calvin said.
I handed her the penis cream next. She put it on his member as she said, "This tiny thing needs to grow, if you want to be my slave."
Beverley positioned him so the sun shone on the cream through the window. When the cream was soaking in Beverley said, "You cannot climax Calvin."I knew she was going to make him pay for jilting her.When the cream on his shaft was absorbed, he had an eight-inch cock. It was fully erect and I knew Beverley was going to keep it that way. I handed her the next cream and she applied it to his buttocks and the back of his thighs. She had him place his butt in the window for the sun to activate the cream, just as Constance few parallel to the Golden Gate Bridge.
"Did Calvin just moon the Bridge?" I asked. Constance just laughed.
Constance circled around and over the bridge. Constance handed me the thong she had picked out for me to wear. I put it on. She headed towards Angel Island. Just south of it was a massive yacht. Maybe it was 175 foot long, perhaps even more. The cream had worked and his butt did not look like a cottage cheese display anymore. She flew around Angel Island. The view was very nice. She flew back to the yacht and landed on it. It had a helicopter pad on its stern. When the rotors stopped, we all got out of the helicopter. Elaine and I helped Constance push the helicopter into its yacht board hanger.
"Welcome aboard the Felicity Adele, a 184 foot Cadecasca, she was already named when I bought her," Constance said.She must have 30 million invested in this thing.
We went up to a large outdoor deck above and in front of the fantail. The landing pad was on the fantail. Elaine had carried my sales case. I had carried two suitcases. Calvin carried his own luggage. Kathy had her overnight bag. After we put or gear in the rear salon. We all sat on deck chairs on the outdoor lounge. This yacht was massive the outdoor lounge we were in now was at least 25' by 25'. A roof covered half of it and half was in the sun. It was a nice day and warmer than most summer days.
"Give me the next cream Terrence," Beverley said.
I handed her the body toning cream. She applied it to his arms, stomach and legs.
"It tingles; it is causing me to almost climax. I wish I could," Calvin said.
"Good, but you can't," Beverley said. A few minutes later, his saggy body parts were all tone.
I handed her the last cream. The hair remover and she spread it on his whole body, his arms, legs, underarms, bottom and his junk.It seemed she wanted him hairless.When the ten minutes were up, she took him to an outdoor shower and showered him off. Then she produced a collar from her pocket and put it around his neck. Beverley had spread the face cream onto the bald front of his head. In an attempt to remove the wrinkles, it had, but now strange curly hair was growing. It was black and the rest of his hair was grey. We were steaming under the Golden Gate Bridge. I wondered how many veterans had sailed under this bridge in World War 2.
"Now it is time to ask you some questions, Calvin," Beverley said.
"Are you bisexual?" Beverley asked.
"Yes," Calvin said.
"Do you like girls or boys better?" Beverley asked.
"Girls," Calvin said.
"You won't sneak around behind my back. It will not do you any good. I will have total control of when you climax," Beverley said.
"You will?" Calvin asked.
"Yes, climax for me Calvin," Beverley said. Calvin shot his load right on the salon floor. His eyes got very big.
"I can do the opposite as well and deny your forever if I want to," Beverley said. Calvin looked at her as if he had finally found his ideal mate. Beverley pulled him over her lap and began spanking him.
"Count the strokes, Calvin," Beverley said as her hand crashed down on his bottom.
"One," Calvin counted. She spanked him again.
"Two," Calvin said. Her hand whacked his reddening ass again.
"Three," Calvin exclaimed as another blow immediately followed.
"Four," Calvin said. Beverley spanked Calvin again.
"Five," Calvin said.
"See I own you and I will make you pay for picking Edie over me," Beverley said.
Beverley's hand struck his upturn posterior again.
"Six," Calvin said. She swatted him again.
"Seven," Calvin counted.
"Spread your legs wider Calvin," Beverley said.
He spread his legs wider. Beverley spanked his balls.
"Eight," Calvin said. Beverley smacked Calvin's balls again.
"Nine," Calvin moaned. She cruelly hit his sack again.
"Ten," Calvin counted.
"Do you like me spanking your arse and balls Calvin?" Beverley asked.
"Yes," Calvin said.
"Thank me by licking my foot Calvin," Beverley ordered as she kicked her shoe off. Calvin got on his knees and kissed her foot.
"Suck my toes Calvin," Beverley said.
Calvin sucked her big toe and then sucked all the rest of them one by one.
"That's good, keep sucking," Beverley said.
She had him suck the toes of her other foot as well.
"You like sucking my toes Calvin?" Beverley asked.
"Yes, I do," Calvin, said.
Constance and me looked at each other and knew from our shared expressions that neither of us was into toe sucking.
"Good, come on Calvin it is time for you to take a nap," Beverley said as jet lag was catching up to Calvin. They both went to their cabin.