For a number of years I have enjoyed a strong, sometimes kinky, but always eventful, sexual relationship with a very, very sexy woman.
She is still married to her husband, a guy who does not perform in the bedroom and is somewhat under endowed.
His sex drive and potency is nonexistent which as much as she loves him it leaves her extremely sexually frustrated.
After discussions with her husband, this has brought her to my bed for sexual gratification. She is a conservative dressing mom during her normal life, looking after her family and home, but when we get together for her sexual therapy as she calls it, she becomes a fire breathing slut. I have never encountered a woman so sexually active and willing.
Beneath that conservative image is the lust and cravings of a depraved slut. The woman is sensational in the sack and has no boundaries or limits.
She has been blessed with a body built for sin. Her tits are huge and firm with the perfect sized pierced nipples which harden at will. Her hips and ass are curvy, but very firm and taut. Her cup size is a very sexy 36DD and her waist size is an incredible 23. The hips come in at 36, making her the perfect desirable shape. She works hard at maintaining her figure with various fitness classes and gym sessions.
Over the years we have built up a very extensive slut wardrobe for her exhibitionist needs, which she delights in wearing and parading around in, be it a private show or sometimes in public. She has a penchant for Latex, vinyl and PVC clothing, the tighter the better it would seem.
She owns the highest sexiest heels you can imagine and has recently added a couple of pairs of thigh length boots. One is a soft black leather pair and one a Red PVC pair. Both look awesome adorned by this sexual vixen and you know full well that she is enjoying the wearing of them as much as you are enjoying the sexual vista of her wearing them.
She is helplessly in love with her husband, but nature has given her an enormous sex drive which I am only too happy to assist with.
He accepts the situation as it is, and turns a blind eye to our antics.
If she returns home with love bites all over her perfect tits, he tries to ignore the fact. I've lost count of the number of times I have sent her back to him with both of her holes stretched and dripping with my spunk. She has returned with her hair and face plastered with my spunk and drenched in sexual perspiration.
Each and every time he ignores her flaunted sexual satisfaction and goes about his business as though nothing has happened.
She has now expanded her sexual antics to willing submissive, calling me Master or Boss and constantly telling me that she will do or wear whatever I desire.
This dirty bitch is the perfect slut fucking machine. I've photographed her in all of her outrageous slut outfits, sometimes performing with sex toys and sometimes pleasing me sexually, be it, orally, anally or with her delightfully shaved smooth pussy.
We've even made a few videos of our sexual antics and performances, which she never tires of watching.
I know she has shown some of these to her husband just after we've enjoyed a lustful night as one of her little kinks appear to be the sexual humiliation of her husband.
I'm forever testing her limits and so far she has passed each sexual task with flying colors. I have had her work one night as a Stripper and Lap Dancer at a local club.
Her exhibitionist streak rose to its heights during her night of stripping and lap dancing. She wore the uniform of the stripper with such sexual elegance and performed the most erotic dances for her customers and was accosted by every single one of them.
She allowed a few to take liberties, touching her breasts and stroking her smooth shaved slot. She has also done a private bachelor party where she gave the groom the most erotic blowjob in the history of blowjobs.
This particular event was captured on film by every iPhone in the room, especially the part where she held the exploding cock inches away from her open mouth as spurt after spurt gushed onto her willing tongue, then swallowing every single creamy drop.
I've encouraged her to search for dates on the internet and she has always fucked the guy she selected. Telling me every detail of the sexual episode then regaling the tale to her husband on her return home.
Once as a treat for her birthday, her husband agreed that she could fuck me with him in the room watching the sexual performance of his slut wife and her lover.
I can only tell you that during that evening I have never come so much or so forceful. She was so sexually aroused during that evening, more so than at any other point in our relationship, fucking in front of her bewildered husband.
The words and phrases she used as I fucked all of her holes, to emphasize the fucking she was receiving, to her inadequate husband, were etched on my sexual memory forever.
She seemed to delight in performing in front of him and relishing on his obvious discomfort.
As an alpha male, this was almost the perfect situation. He watched his wife take my cock and my spunk in her smooth shaved pussy, in her beautiful full lipped mouth and as a grand finale deep in her tight asshole.
She was wearing red thigh length boots with only a coating of coconut oil glistening on her body, which helped lube her ass for the anal onslaught. This was probably the only time I actually felt sorry the guy, but I was enjoying the fuck of a lifetime, and by all accounts so was she.
He was sitting on a chair their lounge as she walked in dressed in the Red PVC thigh length boots shimmering with her naked body glistening with the coating of coconut oil.
She walked over to where I was sitting on their leather sofa, knelt before me and unzipped my already hard cock. Holding the base with her left hand, ensuring her wedding ring was in the picture, she began to stroke the length of my as she looked at her husband and said.
"This is what a man's cock looks and feels like. I'm going to love having this slide in all my holes and fuck me like a dirty cheap whore" and slid her sexy lips over my bell end, slowly working her stretched lips down my shaft.
Her mouth slid up and down my pole. Swirling her tongue around my cock as her head gently bobbed.
Taking my cock from her mouth she looked again at her husband and said.
"Watch me straddle this as he fucks me to orgasm. You never could fuck me this good. Watch how a real man fucks a slut"
She slinkily climbed onto my lap and positioned her tight shaved pussy over the tip of my cock. Arching her back so as her ass stuck out, she pushed down slowly on my erect cock and buried inside her smooth tight pussy. She slowly swayed her hips, fucking my cock as she taunted her husband.
"Look how it stretches my cheating cunt. Fucking hell I love to feel this cock inside me. I love to feel any cock inside me!"
Her husband cringed at the taunting words but sat transfixed watching his whore wife fuck her lover.
Her breathing became more frantic as she bounced on my cock panting softly.
"Oh yes! Fuck me. Fuck my cheating pussy with your hard cock"
She rode my cock in this position until she had orgasmed rather audibly. Kissing my lips and neck as my cock brought her the satisfaction she craved. When her orgasm had subsided, she lifted her pussy slowly off my cock and bent over the sofa.
Her huge pendulous tits swung freely as she parted her knees, arching her back and pushing her firm buttocks high in the air.
"Fuck me in the ass lover" she whispered as her husband stared in silence.
I positioned my cock at her tight sphincter, as I slowly fed my cock into her tight puckered ring. She sighed the most delightfully sexual sigh, as my cock invaded her ass. Her asshole clamped around my rock hard cock as she began to ride my cock.
The feelings were sensational as the filthy slut gave her ass to me willingly in front of her husband.
"This is how he fucks me when you're not there. You can see why I love his cock now!" She taunted her husband.
Turning her head back toward me, she looked me in the eye and said.
"Come in my ass!"
Her face came close to mine as our lips brushed each others. Our tongues entwined as I drove my cock deep in her ass.
"I'm going to cum in your ass!" I snarled as my seed began to spurt inside her anal walls.
"Oh yeah! Fuck my hot ass!" she squealed as she rode my cock.
As my spunk splashed inside her tight ass, she began to play with her tits and moan as my cock emptied its entire load deep in her asshole.
I withdrew my spent cock and flopped back onto the sofa.
She stood up from the sofa and turned her back to her husband. Bending over slowly, she held her ass cheeks open and displayed her gaping asshole as my cream trickled down her ass crack and slid over her smooth pussylips. She began to rub the seed gently into her smooth shaved pussy as she giggled.
"That's how he fucks me all of the time" Then she climbed on the sofa beside and began kissing me passionately.
Holding my face with both hands, she looked into my eyes and said.
"I will do whatever you want, whenever you want!"