(This is the follow on from The Third Brother -- Strip Poker. I do suggest reading that account first. Many continued thanks to Rotorhead450 who patiently guides, edits and corrects!)
My name is Brett, and I've just finished high school. Thanks to my big brother I've had the night of my life, and it's only half done. You can read about it in my list (Strip Poker). My girl Suzy and I had been skirting around each other for such a long time, not daring to officially hook up. Until we did, in a completely unexpected way. If I hadn't lived it, I would say it was unbelievable.
The poker game was finally done, and I was ready to join the rest of the group playing Dares. What I really needed most was to get back to my Suzy, who had been whisked away naked by my brother Gordon. I led Maryanne, Mei and Jack down to the games room. All of us were undressed. I pushed on the door and looked in. It was difficult to see; Gordon had the room in near darkness; only candles giving light. As my eyes adjusted, I couldn't tell at first who was who.
"Hey, we're done," I announced. There were a number of comments about how slow we were, lewd suggestions on what had kept us busy, opinions on the girls' bodies and all. I guess it had been some time since Liam and Jenny had come down. I looked over at them both sitting cross-legged on the floor. Jenny's tits were firmly and openly hanging there, but it was difficult to see much more in the light. Josie was half-laying down, half-leaning on Billy. But my Suzy, how was my Suzy?
"Who won?" Gordon asked. I walked nearer to him. Suzy was seated in close to Gordon on the other side. She was at right angles with her feet resting in between his legs. Gordon leaned back on his arms, his cock bathed in candlelight. With Suzy's knees up it was difficult to see anything more than the smallest bit of her tits. I expected she would leap up to see me, but she sat calmly where she was.
"Ah, Maryanne was the last one to get undressed," I fudged. We hadn't actually finished the game properly.
"Baby, well done," said Gordon. "We'll have to get you off to Vegas! You're a shark!"
Maryanne just grinned. She was finding it hard to focus, leaning on me from behind. Her tits felt wonderful on my skin. Mei moved forward into the candlelight.
"Hi, Suzy, how are things?" she asked cautiously.
Suzy looked up and swept her beautiful blonde hair from her face. "I'm okay. I'm good."
No doubt she had too much to drink. Her voice didn't sound right, and she didn't ask anything of her friend in return. Mei and I looked at each other. Okay, okay, I get it. I'll look after her.
"You look good Mei," Gordon commented. I remembered him saying days before how he was looking forward to seeing her with her kit off. Jack came up and held her from behind in what seemed a territorial stand.
"It's all good Jack," Gordon smiled up at him, "Come on you lot, pull up a spot. We've had a break ourselves, time we got to the serious stuff, hey?"
Mei and Jack made their way around to a cushion. She sat behind him, Jack between her legs, pushing her front into his back. The tits I had been kissing were now rubbing up against her man. I felt a pang of jealousy, which was crazy, she was his girlfriend. Jack looked uncomfortable about having his cock on show; the odd flash was easier than being on constant display.
I looked down at Gordon and he looked up at me. The pause was eight months pregnant. Weren't we going to take our own women back? He just looked at me, as if to say why am I just standing there? Yeah, right, as if he couldn't tell what I was thinking.
"Ah, well, Suzy, are we...?" I stammered.
"Just sit over there for a while," Gordon told me, pointing. "We can all change later if we like. Anyway, this is not a couples' game, it's done singly. Isn't it, Jenny?"
We looked at Jenny, she covered her face with her hands and Billy and Liam giggled. What had happened to Jenny?
"Come on, come on, sit down. Let's get started," Gordon barked. He had no intention of giving Suzy back - but something had changed in me in the space of half an evening. Suzy was my girl. I had waited too long and my self-confidence was riding high. I walked over to Suzy.
"Suzy, baby, give me your hand," I said, reaching out. Suzy looked up and took it. I pulled her to stand. Gordon stared at me, contemplating his reaction. Letting me walk my girl over to a large cushion, he smiled and took Maryanne down next to him instead.
"Okay, fine. She is your girl. But Suzy, it's your spin," Gordon said. Suzy was too numb to argue the point. She had to lean forward to reach out and spin the bottle, splashing the group with her gorgeous young breasts. She sat back next to me with her knees up and her arms around them before the bottle stopped spinning -- on herself. Suzy didn't say anything, just stared at the bottle pointing directly at her.
I didn't know how to feel. I was elated that her and I had accelerated our relationship so far so quickly; we moved from our first kiss to sitting around naked with each other in the space of a few hours - yet our nudity was entirely communal. My growing familiarity with Suzy's tits and pussy was shared equally with four other guys - one of them my elder brother, another my best friend. I wished we could end the game and get back to the privacy of a room. I'd had all the voyeuristic excitement I needed for a first time.
"Billy, grab a card for her will you?" Gordon asked, holding out a hand. Billy was the closest to the table so he took one and gave it to Gordon. Gordon looked at it and smiled. What? What was he smiling at?
"Suzy, you read it," he told her. She shook her head.
"It's okay, you read it," she said quietly.
"No, no, no," Gordon grinned. "Your card, you read it."
Suzy reluctantly took the card. She held it so she could see the words in candlelight. She wasn't keen to tell us what she saw.
"Read it out," Gordon said again.
Suzy looked at me first, and then read as best she could, given the wine and the poor candlelight.
"Take the closest guy's finger up your pussy until the next turn is over."
That was it. Gordon took the card from her and read it out again so we were all clear. I was clear alright. Suzy sat with her arms wrapped around her knees, yellow in the candlelight.
"Come on then Brett, you wanted her back. Get on with it!" Gordon laughed. "Someone else can spin for you."
I looked around the dark room. None of Gordon's friends seemed to think it was weird that I was about to finger my girl with them all watching. With a deep breath, I reached in between Suzy's ankles, going for her soft spot. Everyone could tell when I struck into it. Her pussy was hidden from sight but Suzy's face scrunched up and a groan came from her throat. I fingered my naked girlfriend in a room full of people. It was as remarkable as it was ridiculous. Suzy was wet, the slopping sounds were obvious to the people closest to us. The whole situation was nuts. Not for the first time, I thought that if it wasn't actually happening, I wouldn't believe it could happen.
"Next spin," Gordon pushed on.
Billy took my turn, I wasn't watching. I was looking at Suzy. I moved her arms off her knees and sat parallel, facing her. I pushed her leg open to the side so I could see my hand grind between her thighs. I was so hard it hurt. I stared into Suzy's eyes, watching every effect my fingering had on her. She was staring into mine too, panting, transfixed by what was happening between her legs. Ever so slowly Suzy leaned back on her arms, mouth open, tits on show. I put a second finger in. Her head threw back and she groaned openly. Her mind glazed. Everyone could hear it, and those nearby could smell it. I fingered Suzy for what seemed like forever, though if may have only been a few minutes.
"Brett. Brett!"
"What?" I asked, turning to Josie next to me.
"Your turn," she told me.
"My turn?" I asked, confused. I hadn't been concentrating, could it have been my turn to spin already? I went to take the old coke bottle with my spare hand.
"No, no!" Josie stopped me. "Your turn on here. The dare. Look. 'Have all the men put a hickey on your tits'. Are you not listening?"
Obviously, I hadn't been. Josie's tit. Ah, ok.
"Sorry, sorry, I wasn't," I explained.
"Come on then," Liam said. Josie turned toward me, giving me her chest. It was glorious. I took my fingers out from Suzy's cunt. She dropped onto her back on the cushion, panting, lying with her legs open, coming down from her high. I brought my mouth to my idol's left breast, hoping Suzy was too spaced-out to pay attention.
It was awkward leaning around to get any force into the hickey so Josie pushed me back and sat on my lap, facing me. She held my head to her chest. At first her hips sat back, but as I sucked hard near her nipple, she slid them forward until I felt her bare flaps at my cock. I held her ass and humped, instinctively rolling my shaft over her clit. Josie groaned, leaning down to whisper in my ear.
"I know you've always wanted this," she said, so no one could hear. "Stay up late enough tonight and you can have it."
I sucked so hard I literally hurt my own tongue. Josie screamed but she didn't push me away. By the time I was done the bruise by her nipple was already deep purple. That one would be there for some time. Josie was passed around the room, sitting similarly on each of the guys, but I didn't see her whisper in their ear like she had mine. Wow. Josie. Could I really have a turn with her? I looked down at Suzy panting with her legs still open, oblivious to what had happened.
"My spin," Liam said once Josie was done, pushing in to speed things along. No doubt he was enjoying himself. He flipped the bottle. It landed on Mei, who had come out from behind Jack when he took his turn with Josie. I thought she was about to protest, but instead she held out her glass.
"Hit me," she told Liam who had the vodka bottle. She downed the shot, the third one she'd had since coming into the back lounge.
"Mei, come take a card," Gordon told her impatiently. Mei crawled over, moving on her hands and knees through the circle. Gee whiz. It's all or nothing with that girl. I'd never seen anything so outrageously sexy; I could only imagine the view of her snatch that Liam and Jack had from behind, even in this light. She took her card and squatted in the middle to read it. I would have been happy to put a hickey on her nipple too; she was gorgeous sitting there. She read her card.
"Give a 5-minute blow-job to the guy sitting closest."
She re-read the card. I started looking around. Oh wow.
"It's Brett," Billy said. Mei looked around, too. It was pretty clear that I was actually physically closest when she read the card. Shit. I dared not look at Jack, but Mei did and I couldn't help but check his reaction. He turned his head away. What could he say? Mei had just sat and watched him sucking on Josie's breasts.
"Go on then," Liam yelled out. Mei looked at me, wondering what I thought. I couldn't help but look anything other than completely excited. Again, she looked back at Jack who wasn't approving or disapproving. I'm not sure he knew quite what to do, any more than I knew what to do about my Suzy being taken away earlier by my brother.
"Do you even give blow-jobs? Do you know how?" Josie asked, somewhat acerbically. I was surprised by the sudden meanness, was that to do with me?
"I know," Mei stated bluntly.
"Let them go to a room," suggested Jenny sympathetically. Liam and Billy shouted 'no way!' Gordon weighed in.
"Stay in the room, but you can go over into the corner where it's dark," Gordon decided. Mei stood and looked over to the other end of the room, surveying the light.
"Come on everyone, it's too much," I had to protest, as the dare looked like it may actually happen. "We can't do this. Its Jack's girlfriend, let him be the one."
"It's just for fun," Gordon laughed. "Jack won't mind. Josie just sat on his lap, right? It's just a dare. Right Jack? We've all been doing crazy things. Five minutes. Go,"
I looked at my friend. He was looking at me and at Suzy. For a moment I wasn't sure how he was going to respond. Thankfully he laughed, shook his head and said, "This is the strangest fucking night of my life. If you go there with Mei, then I come over and sit with Suzy. Fair enough?"
I sighed. "Umm, okay."
I looked to Suzy, holding her hand and pulling her to sit up. "Suzy, I'll be back in a few minutes. You stay with Jack, okay?"
"Okay," Suzy nodded, confused but compliant. As I stepped away, Jack shuffled over. He sat behind Suzy, pulling her back to rest on his body between his legs. Mei took my hand and pulled me away into the darkness.
"You're not worried about those two?" I whispered. "He's holding her tits."
"Jack's known Suzy for a long time. They'll be fine. He's just curious. Like you, right? Hurry up, let's get a spot they can't see us."
"Where?" I whispered. Mei walked us behind the small table and chairs at the end of the room, by the small window. She held my shoulders and pushed me to the carpet. I sat and then lay down. Was she really going to do it? Or just pretend? Mei squatted at my side, facing the group so the tiniest bit of candlelight hit her face through the shadows of the table legs. I doubted anyone from the circle could see us. I hoped so much this was actually going to happen. To my complete delight Mei didn't hesitate, she grabbed straight for my cock and lifted it vertical. One hand cupped my balls and I gasped.
"Don't you say anything about this to Jack or Suzy after, okay?" she demanded rather than asked. "Tell them we faked it."
"Okay," I said feebly.
Her mouth went straight down the length of my shaft. I arched my back; I'd never had my cock inside a girl at either end. It was all I'd imagined and more. She went straight into blowing me, no sweet kisses to start, just sucking and bobbing. Her mouth was trying to vacuum the sperm out, her hand on my balls trying to squeeze it from me. Shit. I was so jealous of Jack for having a girlfriend that did this - though it would be him who felt rotten it was happening to me. I felt sorry for Jack, but not enough to stop. I couldn't help but reach out to touch Mei. She didn't stop me. I could just make out her breasts in the light and I pulled on her nipples. Oh, I had to be careful not to lose control. I awkwardly pawed at her chest as her hair fell over my lap, head bobbing up and down. How long had it been so far? I wished we could do this endlessly.
"You guys ready yet?" yelled Gordon from the distance. Shit.
"Yeah, start," I yelled back. Mei stopped and I thought she was about to say something, but she didn't. She went back to working me over. Unbeknown to us, Gordon set the timer for ten minutes; five for each of us, he joked quietly to the circle.
Over in the dark I tried reaching for more than just tits, I mean why not? My cock was in her mouth, I had already touched her vagina out in the hall. I moved my hand below her stomach, below her abdomen, through her pubic hair. Mei didn't stop me. I ran my finger through her slit in the dark and she opened her thighs for me. I found her hole, sliding my finger in. Mei stopped sucking, my cock resting inside her mouth. I worried she was going to stop and kick me out, so I went hard at it before she did. Fortunately, she stayed still, my hard-on lying along her tongue. I fingered her as a young guy would, with lots of gusto but little idea - though it was enough to make her wet and squelchy. We could both hear her cunt slopping in the dark. She began to suck again, squeezing on my balls as I jammed my finger in and out of her. She twisted around to give me deeper access. I put a second fingertip at her opening and she lifted her mouth up.
"Careful, gentle," she warned me before returning her head to my erection. I softly squeezed the second finger further up her. I was dizzy. The smell of her cunt was intoxicating, the feel of her hair falling onto my stomach and thighs, the pressure and warmth from her mouth on my shaft, the juice dribbling down my fingers, her silken vagina. I felt like I held passion itself in my fingers. I was physically up and inside Mei's cunt, tweaking her insides. I loved her pussy; I wished I could bury myself inside it.
"Mei. Mei! Stop, I'm going to...," I told her. She didn't stop; she continued to give head. She twisted her crotch on my fingers. "Mei. I'm telling you; you better stop."
I started to twitch. When I began breathing rapidly, Mei lifted her head from my crotch. She brought herself up close to look into my eyes. My cock felt cold in the air.
"One day, if we get the chance, I'll let you finish in my mouth," she whispered. "But this time, when I go back and kiss Jack, I better not taste like semen."
She squeezed my cock with her hand and squeezed my fingers with her vaginal muscles. Leaning low, she kissed my lips. Her tongue went deep and played with mine. I kept the pressure on her vagina, slowly pushing further in. She began to grind her hips, mating my fingers. She broke the kiss to straighten her body, then reached down to grip my wrist; not to pull it away but to help push my fingers in. In the dark I could hear her trying to hold back whimpers. Mei was getting off, close to cumming. We rolled her to her back, legs spread wide. Mei helped me force into her as far as we could. I could feel her starting to spasm.
But then we heard a tiny bell.
"Time!" Gordon yelled from the distance. Mei stood instantly, my hand slopping harshly from her insides. She headed straight back without a word and without me. Mei sat herself behind Jack, who became sandwiched between the two girls. She put an arm around his shoulder and turned to kiss him. Wow.
I myself was still shaking and my hand was sopping wet. I wiped everything as best I could on the carpet before coming back to the light. Jack nodded cordially as I walked toward him and the girls. Suzy was lying on him' half out of it. He was gripping her breasts preciously. I picked her up to come lean on me instead. Suzy was still in her own world; seemingly unaware I had been with Mei. Once again, I couldn't believe how far we had all come that evening.
"What's been happening?" I quietly asked Josie, who was to my left now.
"Huh? Oh, nothing much. Your Jack over there had a card where he had to touch a penis," she said calmly. My eyes lit up. What?!
"It happened? He did it?" I asked incredulously.
Josie just laughed. "He used Suzy as proxy."
"She did it?"
"Uh-huh"
"With who?" I whispered. Josie nodded toward Liam. Fucking hell. Suzy touched Liam?
"So, we've only just got going again," Josie whispered back. There must have been other turns as well because Gordon spun the bottle. This time it landed on Jenny. She screamed and tried to move but there was no doubt it was on her. Liam pushed her toward the coffee table with the cards on it. She kneed her way over still trying to cover her chest and her pussy. The piles were a mess. They were roughly in girl-boy order but the mild, medium and spicy were well and truly muddled.
"Ah, Jenny, what card did you get?" Billy asked eventually. It seemed that she had looked through a few cards and picked the least scary one. She went back to her spot with little protest, sitting down on her knees and reading from the card she held.
"Have a man drink vodka from your belly button."
There was a general chorus of disapproval. That was way too mild. Billy protested to Gordon, was there even such a card?
"I think so," he explained. "But no way was it in the spicy pile, it would have been top of the first-round if anything."
Then there was debate over whether she should have to draw again, or if that wasn't fair, until eventually Liam just lay her down and did it to get it over with. He poured three shots into her belly button and sucked them all down. It was a lot of fun; Jenny looked good laying there naked. I wish we'd had proper sex back in the day.
Gordon said it was Suzy's turn to spin again; she leaned her gorgeous tits forward and spun. The bottle hit a sweet spot on the floor and turned like a top, going around and round. I looked at the faces watching it spin, full of fear and anticipation, ten people lying around naked playing a ridiculous game with all the time in the world in front of them. What a crazy moment in life I had tumbled into. Could it always be like this?
I felt less smug after the bottle landed on me. Shit. I think Suzy tried to say 'sorry', but I couldn't be sure. I shuffled around the outside of the group to the coffee table. The piles were a bigger mess than ever. I scanned the card I picked up: "Take the head of every cock in the room into your pussy for 30 seconds. Just the head, no more"
"Ah, guys, this one is meant to be in the girls' pile," I explained, reading it out loud. "I'll choose again."
"No way! No way!" Jack yelled. "Proxy! Use Suzy as proxy!"
"Come on. No way. You can't do that," I resisted.
"We did before," he argued.
"You want Suzy to do it?" I asked. "That's not fair." I guessed that Jack's 'curiosity' as Mei put it, wanted more than just holding Suzy's breasts. There was a brief debate, but the cries of the pros and the cons fell in my favor. I picked another card.
"Take your partner to the bathroom and shave her pussy clean."
"I thought you said this was a game for singles? Why are there partner ones?" I asked out loud. Gordon only shrugged. I looked at Suzy, it was clear she didn't fully understand what was meant to happen to her.
"You really want me to shave her off?" I appealed.
"Go on," the group said in chorus. The crowd had been in my favor previously, but not this time.
I stood and lifted Suzy with me, asking her to take my hand. Suzy followed me on tip-toe through the people and cushions to the door. Out in the hall, it was the first time we had been alone for ages. Despite our nudity, a shyness remained between us. I led her down to the bathroom and closed the door.
"Why are we in here?" Suzy asked.
"We have to shave your hair off," I explained.
"What hair?"
"Your pussy."
"Oh," Suzy said, looking down at herself. "Do you have to?"
It was a fair question. I could just take her away from everyone, go into the room upstairs from the garage. Kiss her. Bed her. Love her.
"If we don't, Gordon will just come chase us down," I sighed, thinking how he had already come and dragged us back to the party twice that night. For an awkward time, I fumbled around looking for a razor, eventually opening a new pack. It wasn't cold in the room, but Suzy's nipples were rock hard. I held the razor between us, unsure of how to start. Instead, I put it on the bench and reached out to hold her. Timidly our bodies came together. We kissed. I held her back at first, but soon ran my hand down onto her ass, pushing my hard-on against her abdomen. Her nipples poked equally hard against me. Suzy shivered; it had been a long night of new experiences.
"Am I going to get fucked tonight?" Suzy asked as my hand reached under and dabbed at her slit.
"Yes. I think you probably will," I answered softly.
"Will it be you, are you going to do it?" she checked.
"You worry one of those other guys will do it to you first... when we go back to the room?"
Suzy nodded.
"Did something already happen in there? When you went down with Gordon?"
"He put his penis in my mouth. He said he would put it in here next," Suzy told me, moving her hand to her abdomen.
Shit. Gordon had his cock in Suzy's mouth? No doubt he was eyeing her off from the start. Shit.
"Let me do it then. Now. Here. Make sure I'm the first one in you," I suggested.
"Huh? You're going to fuck me? Here? Now?"
"May as well. If you do end up with a card like that one I just put back, if you have to take the cock of other guys, at least they won't be the first one in you, you know?"
Suzy didn't answer. I kissed her again, reaching around to keep fingering her as we did it. I squeezed her breasts. I brought her hands to my cock and Suzy tugged.
"Come on, let's do it," I panted.
I took Suzy by the waist and turned her to the mirror.
"Grip the bench," I told her. "Open your stance."
I watched her in the mirror as I fiddled around, getting my erection between her thighs and rubbed it in her slit to get wet. Suzy closed her eyes and bit her bottom lip. Her breasts hung beautifully. I used my hand to guide my tip along her flaps until I felt the spot to go in. Without saying anything I pushed my cock-head inside her body.
"Do you have condoms?" Suzy asked, opening her eyes to look at me in the mirror.
"Not here."
"Okay," she sighed.
I shoved upward, slowly pushing her tight vagina open.
"That hurts!" Suzy squealed.
"How about that?" I asked, pushing in smaller, gentler dabs.
"Better."
I prodded and pushed and mini-fucked my way deeper into Suzy's un-fucked cunt. We had only kissed for the first time that night, and now she had my bare cock making its way inside her pussy.
"How is it?" I asked into the mirror.
"Strange. Like something is stuck in me."
I gripped her hips tightly and gave a forceful stroke upward. Suzy's head went back and she screamed out. It worked, though. My cock was making its way inside. I shoved hard again, getting more of me in her.
"Lean forward," I told her, "I can't get it all in standing like this. Bend right over."
I pushed Suzy's head down. Bent at ninety degrees, I forced the rest of me into her. I held deep, then started fucking. After a dozen tight and gluggy strokes, I held inside her again.
"How's that?" I asked.
"Huh?" Suzy moaned; eyes closed.
"You're being fucked. How is it?"
"I don't know," Suzy said.
"Do you like it?"
"I don't know," she said honestly. "I wasn't... expecting to do this tonight. Oh, shit, can you do it slower?"
"You want it out?"
"No, you don't have to stop. Just go slow. Let me get used to it."
"Okay."
I rolled my hips around instead of pumping, it seemed to work better.
"Oh, like that. That's okay," Suzy moaned.
I could feel her getting wetter and more relaxed. Her own hips moved to help our mating. I rolled even more, like I was twirling my cock inside her, rolling over all her walls.
"Oh Brett, that's... how are you doing that?" Suzy said, sucking in air.
"You like that?"
Suzy held the bathroom bench and pushed back against me. Her eyes were rolling.
"Hold my breasts. Please. Squeeze them."
"Like Jack was?"
'Yes. Like Jack. Please."
I gripped both her tits as handles and rolled my pelvis around her cunt. I squeezed harder than Jack had. I worried it would hurt her, but Suzy didn't complain. She continued pushing back and pumping at the cock inside her.
"Suzy. I can't hold it. I'm gonna cum."
It was as if my words weren't registering.
"Suzy. Be careful. I'm going to cum," I repeated.
"Okay."
"Huh? Cum in you?"
"Don't stop," she told me.
I gripped her tits as hard as I dare. I rolled my cock in her as long as I could hold off, which wasn't long. I lost it. I held her nipples in the web of my fingers, squeezed tightly and sprayed a cupful of semen deep inside my girlfriend's virgin pussy. I groaned out loud. Suzy pushed hard back against my pelvis, amazed to have a boy's orgasm inside her cunt.
"Oh, Brett, I can feel it."
"Oh, god Suzy. I didn't mean to. I promise."
"Can you stay in?"
"I think so...," I puffed.
"Don't take it out."
I shuddered at the last zaps of orgasm, amazed that Suzy wasn't flipping out at getting pregnant. I held her tight and kissed her neck. Suzy purred appreciatively; she held my hands as I gripped her breasts. I moved my hands off and put her own hands to her tits.
"Play with yourself," I told her. I felt my cock return to hardness as I watched Suzy in the mirror caressing and squeezing her own breasts. I couldn't tell if she had done it before, but it was hot as hell to watch it. If I hadn't just cum, I would have cum. I held her hips, fucking slowly and whispered at her ear.
"Suzy, baby, play with yourself, touch yourself, squeeze your tits," I murmured over and over, encouraging her to continue. Suzy squeezed and rolled her breasts around in circles, flicking and scraping her own nipples.
"Oh Brett...," Suzy moaned, eyes closed, squeezing harder on herself. I reached around and brought one her hands down to her clit. She was reluctant to do it herself, but she let me hold her finger and use it to finger her own slit. I watched it all in the mirror in front of us. My head was a spin. Suzy was naked. My cock was in her. My sperm was in her. She was playing with herself, her head in the clouds. I'd just cum, but with unprecedented stimulation I lost it again. I'm sure there was only a dribble of semen, but the orgasmic high was a great as a human being could experience.
"Oh, Suzy, you are..." I panted, this time softening quickly.
"Actually. It's starting to sting. Can you get it out now?" Suzy said, coming down from her own high.
Just then Gordon burst in.
"Fuck Brett," he laughed. "Shave her pussy. Not fill it. Come on. Get off her, get the job done. It's your guys' turn to spin again."
Gordon watched as I pulled slowly back from a stinging, painful Suzy. He laughed to see sperm gurgle and pour from her onto the floor.
"Need to learn to hold it in you, little brother," he teased me. "Can't just blow your load each time you fuck your chick. Come on, hold her still, lets shave her and get you back."
In a perverse way, it was good to have Gordon there to shave Suzy's mound. He was swift and accurate. He had her perfectly smooth in no time, without the slightest chance of a shaving cut. He gripped her mound and flaps and rubbed to check his handiwork. He stuck a digit into the mess she had inside her, fingering her. We could hear Suzy slopping as he pumped it in and out. Gordon's other hand gripped her breast lightly. Strangely I could feel myself getting hard at the sight.
"Sorry, it stings," Suzy gasped after a time. She took his wrist to pull his hand away from her vagina.
Gordon laughed. "You need some gel, Brett. No point nailing her until she hurts."
Gordon pushed us down the hall and into the games room. As we walked in, Gordon led Suzy over to sit between us, holding her legs open to show the group the job he had done. Sperm and air gurgled out of her, eliciting a number of questions which Gordon happily fielded, describing the scene he had walked in on.
Momentarily brushed aside as Gordon took possession of Suzy to explain, I took the time to pause. The Damien Rice song 'Cold Water' had begun playing, loud enough to drown out most of the conversation to my ears. I knew the song, but this time the impact hit deep. 'Cold water surrounds me now; all I've got is your hand'. But I didn't have your hand, did I, I thought looking at poor Suzy. No one did. The evening's purpose was for Gordon and I to get our jollies. It was self-centered, self-serving, selfish. Although... Gordon's friends seemed happy. Even Jack had moved past his self-conscious fears, and he was happy to have Suzy's body in hand for a time.
But Suzy, she never expected to be naked, shaved, fucked, possibly pregnant. Gordon's cock had been in her mouth. Jack had her breasts in his hands. And Mei had taken parts of me into either end of her. None of them had asked to come to a Strip or Sex game. None of them had known about it. I looked around the room. Nudity. Debauchery. Gut-wrenching selfishness. There was no undoing it, no reverse.
"Brett. Spin," I was told. Sigh. I spun the bottle.
I didn't watch the result, I was looking at Suzy; she was gripping her pussy, still sore from losing her virginity and still leaking. My brother's arm had gone around her, staking a claim at next turn.
I vaguely noticed Jack reading a card. "Spin the bottle again and take that girl into a bedroom for fifteen minutes." He spun again. It landed on Maryanne. He stood and walked out, Maryanne following. Mei somehow moved over into Gordon's arms, Suzy was passed back to me.
Why were we still playing? Surely, we'd all had enough? I had the head-spins. It was all I could do to keep sitting upright and awake, I dare not lie down in my state. Liam and Jenny left the room. She looked like she was upside down with her ankles around his neck, but it may simply have been my warped senses. I was seeing things in Picasso.
I felt Josie's shoulder against mine. She said I had to suck her pussy; it was a dare. I didn't pass my turn on purpose. I just couldn't do it. I stared at her blankly.
"What?"
Thankfully she laughed and let me alone in my incoherent condition. Sometime later I remember Billy telling me I had passed out sitting up.
Again, I said, "What?"
"You, me and Josie are all that's left here."
"What?"
"The game is over."
I looked around. The candles were all out, replaced by the standard lamp in the corner. Josie was laying playfully on her stomach with her feet in the air. She looked bright, as if waiting for someone, anyone, to crawl on top and stick a cock in her.
"Where's Suzy?" I asked, a spike of concern rushing through me.
"Mei put her into the bed outside, above the garage."
"With Gordon?" I asked, panicking.
"No, buddy, don't need to worry about that. Mei wouldn't let him, dragged her away."
"Wow," said. Thank goodness. "Where is Mei?"
"I think she went home. Her boyfriend didn't come out of the room with Maryanne. I think Gordon went to get her back just now."
"Get Mei back?"
"No! Get Maryanne back," Billy laughed.
"Hey," Josie yelled over our way. "Is one of you two boys going to do me? How long I need to wait?"
Billy looked at me and smiled. "You wanna have a turn with her?"
I did. More than anything in the world. But I had to see how Suzy was, and where Mei was. If Mei went home, by rights she should have taken Suzy with her. I prayed not.
"I need to find Mei," I answered.
"Okay," Billy grinned, then yelled back to Josie, "I'll do you, it's my turn again. Hold on!"
Billy helped me stand. I took a deep breath and stumbled out and down the hall. I came across Mei in the dining room by the clothes bin. She was trying to get her stuff back which of course was impossible. She had been crying.
"Oh Brett, I can't get my clothes. I wanna go home and I can't get my clothes."
I went and held her and she wrapped her arms around me. I sat on one of the dining chairs and brought her down facing me. Mei put her head on my shoulder and lay still for some time. It wasn't the time for it, but my penis went hard as a rock. She was naked, after all. Her body felt good.
"Where is Suzy?" I slurred, checking what Billy had told me.
"Upstairs above the garage."
"Not with Gordon?"
"No. Alone."
"What about Jack?"
That made Mei shake her head. "He fucked Maryanne," she sighed. "Brett, everything has got really weird. He took her away and he fucked her."
"I'm sorry," I consoled her. "I saw them go out of the room."
"We are all so messed up tonight," she conceded.
"He asked you if he could?" I asked. "You let him?"
"It's just a game," Mei mimicked Gordon. "Let the boy have his fun!"
"I'm sorry about Gordon," I said, knowing what her silly voice was referring to.
"Jack was so drunk," Mei sighed.
"It's okay, it's okay. Everyone was drunk, it's not his fault," I told her.
Mei pushed back and looked at me lovingly, then laid her head on my shoulder again. We didn't speak for some time. I ran my hand over her back, down her ass and legs. She felt ridiculously good sitting on my legs like that. It had been an amazing night; painful, scary and exciting. Right now, it was more the latter. I'd never dreamed I would be naked with Mei. It was so naughty, so bad. I should feel guilty; my best friend's girlfriend, undressed, sitting on me, letting me run my hands all over her. But Jack fucked around, too, right? Mei's breathing slowed and I could sense her lips at my neck. It didn't take long for my hands to move under her ass, to find her opening, to get my middle finger into her. Mei's kissing got harder the deeper my finger went.
"Oh god, Brett," she whispered. "If we do this, no one can know."
Geez. That was amazing. Mei had basically just said she would do it with me?
"It's okay, I won't tell anyone," I told her.
Mei snorted a laugh. She knew as well as I did, I would have said anything that would help me score. She sucked all over my neck and up to my ear, one arm up behind me, massaging through my hair. Her bare thighs sat on mine; I pressed her toward me such that her nipples pushed against my front. I slid my fingers up and down her flaps from behind. She was wet, so wet.
Mei groaned at my ear as I played with her cunt.
"Okay. Okay. Enough. Don't make me regret this Brett, you seriously can't tell anyone," she gasped. Mei brought her hand down between us, grabbing hold of my cock. She lifted and twisted and prodded until she felt the spot was just right. She buried her face in my neck and wrapped both arms around my body. With a tight grip on me, she speared herself forward, driving my cock up her in one swift entry. I held her ass and helped her push as deep as she could onto me.
"Oh. Fuck," she said with feeling. My cock was up Mei's vagina. Mei's. I was in heaven. I was in love. I was in her cunt. Cunt. Without a condom. I wondered briefly whether she knew this was only the second time for me. Not for a moment was it hers, not with the way she moved. Her hands went down to my waist, holding me, leveraging herself up and down. She was gasping, a crazed look in her eyes as if a magic wand had sent ecstasy through her nervous system. The woman on me was different to the one I'd known all these years. She was primal, desperate, sexual. I'd reached the hidden level of the game. The smell of her heat, of her mating, was overpowering. Mei was gasping. Her tits bobbed as she humped. It was extraordinary, so extraordinary.
"Brett...," she moaned.
"Yeah?"
"Brett..."
"What?"
"Oh, fuck," she said grinding her genitals onto mine, forcing our crotches to scrape together. I knew what she wanted to say. I felt the same way. To do this so unexpectedly, after all the time we'd been nothing but our friends' boyfriend and girlfriend was amazing. All the repressed feeling and attraction poured from her vagina and through the blood in my cock. And this wasn't going to be quick. She had settled in for the long haul and I was drained of enough sperm to enjoy myself without losing it.
Mei smiled at me. "It's good, isn't it..."
I beamed and nodded. This girl meant something; I had known her for so long. I was in heaven. We fucked like two people on honeymoon. She kissed me hard; she squeezed my cock with her pussy. We were (momentarily) in love and in lust. We did it all over the room. Mei on me, me on Mei, me behind Mei. We played and played. Her cunt was dripping wet and I felt like I could go all night. I was amazed at how nimble she was, how far her legs could be pushed open. I could get her ankles back to her ears, I felt like I was opening up her whole body, finding an extra entry at the top of her vagina. Neither of us came but it didn't matter, it was all about the sex, not the climax. When we were done, we sat back on the chair where we started.
"Brett," Mei said again, kissing my lips, head to one side. I squeezed one of her breasts and she looked down and watched me. I don't know what she had planned on saying, but she said, "You like my tits?"
"Mei. Fuck. I love your tits," I said honestly.
She squeezed her cunt on my cock. "I can't believe you're still hard. I hurt a bit now. Do you mind if I get off?"
I minded. But I said, "It's okay." Mei carefully, slowly lifted herself up and off me, sitting back down on my legs. She reached out and took my erection in both hands.
"Are you sore?" she asked, tugging gently on me.
"I'm okay," I said, not entirely honestly.
"Do you want me to clean you off?" she asked.
I wasn't quite certain what she meant, but I said, "Sure."
Mei slid back and off my legs, squatting and pulling them open. She shuffled in between, up close. She held me up again with both hands, looking me over. I was covered in gunk from inside her. Magically, she brought her face down and dabbed her tongue on the base of my cock, licking like a cat. Fucking hell. She licked and sucked herself from me. I had no idea that girls would do that. Wasn't it disgusting to drink your own vaginal juice, especially off the cock of the guy you just fucked? Apparently not. The smell was so vivid; I could only imagine how strong the taste must be. She licked all the way up and all the way around my shaft before putting as much of the head as she could into her mouth. She sucked hard before letting go and rubbing the side of the shaft over her cheeks.
"Hmm, clean now," she said. I nodded my agreement.
"Thanks." I didn't know what else to say, other than, "That was spectacular."
She grinned and stood up, naked and gorgeous in front of me. "Brett. Take me to bed? We can't stay together all night, but can we sleep together for a little while?"
"That would be great," I said honestly. "What about Jack?"
Mei sighed and agreed to check in on him and Maryanne. We found Jack asleep on top of the bed, no Maryanne in sight.
"Suck his cock, see if it tastes like pussy?" I suggested in a whisper.
"Eww! You do it! I can drink my own mess, but not other girls'."
We left Jack be. We decided it would be better for us to crawl into the upstairs bed in the garage room alongside Suzy.
"Unbelievable night," I said, shaking my head as we walked away from Jack. Mei and I stepped through the kitchen and outside. I led her through the garden to upstairs of the garage. Inside was too dark so we turned on the bedside lamp. Suzy was lying on top of the sheets naked; she didn't stir. We both stood, watching down on her. What a crazy night it had been. Mei turned to me, and I to her. Fronts entwined, we kissed. I held her naked ass and she put her arms around my back.
"Sleep for a little while?" she asked again. "I can't stay all night, though, okay?"
I nodded, but didn't mean it; I didn't want her to go. We left Suzy on top of the sheets and crawled in under the covers on the other side. It was wonderful to feel the mix of sheets and Mei on my naked skin. Mei kissed me and tugged on my cock.
"Brett?" she asked. "Put a hickey on my chest?"
"Won't Jack wonder about it?"
She laughed. "Come on, he's passed out drunk. I'll tell him he did it. It will be something to remember for a while."
I grinned and shuffled down to her breast, sizing it up and then sucking a huge bruise by her nipple.
"Oh my God," she squealed. "The other one too?"
When I was done with both sides, I climbed up and stuck my erection at her vagina. It wasn't difficult to get back up there.
"Oh, that stings a bit," she said, "Don't move, don't move, just keep it there. Do you want to fall asleep inside me?"
"Absolutely," I smiled.
She had me take it out and come back in again from behind, lying with my hand around on her bruised tits and my cock fully up her vagina. I kissed her neck for a while as I slowly pumped, but it wasn't long before we both closed our eyes and drifted off; as requested with my erection deep in her. I fell asleep wondering why I never knew girls were so good at getting undressed.
I woke after what felt like just a few hours, not a full sleep. It was dark and the wind had picked up, the screen door was slamming. I got my bearings. Suzy was on one side, under the covers now, Mei the other. Shit, it wasn't a dream; my life really was muddled up. My plan had been to date Suzy, to maybe get her pants off that night. But here I was in bed with Mei, and the sex was fantastic. But she was Jack's girlfriend. Even if they broke up it would be too weird for us to hook up as a couple, surely?
I looked at Mei. I'd better get one more in before the night was over, pulling the sheets down and off her. I turned the bedside lamp back on but twisted it around to limit the glare. I went down and started sucking her tits again, avoiding the huge bruises. It didn't take long for Mei to respond. She lifted her eyes slightly to check who it was before laying back and spreading out her arms and her thighs. I crawled down between her slender Asian legs. I put my lips to her cunt. I kept focus on her clit, and it wasn't long before Mei sat up awake.
"Lay," she told me. I turned over and Mei twisted around to sit on my face backward, her mouth down at my cock. We went at it, a proper 69. I had crusty bits on me from our sex earlier, but it didn't stop her. I loved that Mei didn't mind her own taste; she sucked herself off me. Suzy stirred a couple of times but went straight back to sleep as if she didn't understand what was going on. Eventually Mei picked herself off my face and turned around and slid her cunt onto my hard-on. She happily kissed my face which stank of her pussy.
"Brett. I love your cock," she said sleepily, looking me in the eye and pulling up and down on me with her groin. "What are we going to do?"
I held her hips and kept thrusting, slowly. She was super wet again, squelching as I moved in and out of her.
"It's amazing how wet you get. I'd like to hide away for a week and experiment with you," I told her honestly.
"What sort of experiments?" she grinned. I made up some stupid stuff about Chem-lab equipment and hunch-back assistants and she laughed. She leaned down and kissed me, fucking, her nipples dragging across my chest.
"Brett. If we do... if we go away somewhere for a while to fuck each other, what happens about Jack? What about Suzy? I'm not sure we can do it to them," she worried. I knew what she meant. I didn't want to think ahead that far. I didn't really expect Mei could be my girlfriend; I just didn't want to take my cock out of her.
"I don't know. Jack fucked Maryanne, he doesn't know you fucked me, maybe you can dump him," I suggested.
"He's your best friend, Brett. You going to put a piece of tail ahead of your friend? And anyway, he obviously knows I blew you back when we were playing the game. He was pretty pissed off, he probably thinks fucking her was revenge on me, no?"
Gee, why was this so hard? I just wanted to keep at her. Now I'd found my way inside Mei I didn't want to give it up. I wasn't sure I could. I told her that.
"Yeah, well, I'm sure Jack doesn't want to give it up either," was her response. Logical, but not useful.
"Can we fuck behind his back?" I threw out the idea.
"We might have to," she said. I was surprised by her pragmatic response. "He goes to visit his Mom at the end of the week. He's gone most of summer. Once he's away we could talk about it. Given the hours my parents work, I could see you during the day."
"Fuck, Mei, I would love that," I said brightly. Wow, what a thought. It would be rotten to Jack, but hell, my mind was being driven by primal forces.
"Meanwhile, you better sleep with Suzy when she wakes up," she said.
It was true. Mei and I hooking up for sex wasn't just about Jack, Suzy was right there, too.
"You think I should keep fucking her?"
"For now, I'm going to go back to Jack, and you are going to fuck Suzy. We need to take away the problems from tonight. If Jack wakes up with my pussy wrapped around his cock, there won't be any problems; he'll go away to his Mom's as planned. If he and I get into a fight, if he thinks you and I are sleeping together, there's no way he will leave us unwatched."
I felt another outrageous pang of jealousy, which was ridiculous given I was the affair, not him.
"You're going to fuck Jack still?"
"Of course I'm going to fuck him. He's my boyfriend; you think I'm not going to let my boyfriend have me?"
"I can't stand the thought of him up your cunt," I said sincerely. Mei laughed.
"Oh yeah, how you think he feels about you being up there?" she asked, not really wanting an answer. Mei started humping at me again. "Brett. Cum. Then I'll go," she said kissing me.
"Cum?"
"Then at least you'll know he'll be swishing around in your gunk, yeah? That should be something at least, baby," she tried to explain. She sat up and fucked like a woman; pulling on my cock with her cunt, lithely pumping her hips, hand around back squeezing my balls. And that little groan, as if she has been given a treat. I lost it, my head arched back and what was left of my sperm struggled into her vagina.
"Thank you, baby," she said, down kissing me. I squeezed her tits.
"Are you on the pill?" I asked. Mei laughed and scolded me for asking too late, not giving me an answer. She pulled off and lifted herself from the bed. I went to walk her out, but she pushed me back. Semen was running down the inside of her leg.
"You fuck who you're meant to, I'll fuck who I'm meant to. Perhaps later today or tomorrow we can find some time to talk?" she told me, holding my messy cock. "Now stay here and stick this in your girlfriend, at least for a little while til Jack goes away. Okay?"
Suzy, my girlfriend. What a mixed-up night. I watched Mei head downstairs and into the house, back to Jack. Little did I know it was via Gordon; thankfully neither of them ever told me about the unplanned half-hour in the hall in the dark in front of his room. Mei got on her hands and knees, taking Gordon doggy style until finally his sperm erupted inside her, fighting amongst my own in her vagina. I expect they went racing past, even with my head-start.
I crawled back under the covers with my Suzy, alone and naked with her as I'd expected from the beginning - but far from how I'd expected. I pulled the sheets off and looked at her body. She was a lot different to Mei; Suzy was classic Caucasian beauty. She had the sort of body you would expect a sunny young blonde to have. Slim and graceful. Soft and fair. I lay gently next to her, and fell asleep.
When I woke it was almost daylight. Suzy was awake, looking over me from one side. I could tell from the air it was still early morning, the light was crisp and the birds were singing. Suzy leaned down and kissed me, saying nothing. Amazingly I drifted back to sleep, I was so tired I couldn't help it.
The second time I woke the noises outside were different, the air was drier and I could hear cars sometimes drive past. A lawnmower was buzzing in the distance. Suzy was nowhere to be seen. I sat up and looked around. The door opened as I sat.
"Suzy," I said. She had a bed-sheet wrapped around her. "What's going on?"
"I found a toilet in the garage downstairs," she explained, walking sheepishly back toward the bed.
"Oh. Anyone else awake?" I asked, suddenly feeling nervous myself. Suzy shook her head.
"I didn't see."
"Oh."
We were silent for a little while, me sitting on the bed covered by a blanket, her standing there with what looked like just a sheet wrapped around her.
"Brett?" she opened timidly.
"Mmm?"
"We're not wearing any clothes."
I smiled and agreed.
"Did we...?" was all she could ask. "How drunk was I? I don't have any hair."
"Did we what?" I said back, smiling, not making it easy for her.
"I, just, I'm completely shaved. And it feels a bit funny down there," she said nodding down to herself. "Like something... went in there."
"Hmm, something did go in there."
"Do I... did I, do I need to worry about being pregnant?" she asked timidly. I laughed.
"Come here!" I teased her, pulling the sheet, dragging her toward me. "Come on, come back in."
I smiled and play-wrestled her onto the bed. I pulled the sheet completely away and looked at her nakedness in the daylight. She was nervous. Her tits were covered with goose-bumps even in the warmth of the top room. Her stomach dipped down and then rose at her mound, smooth and bare. I leaned down and gently kissed her lips.
"How do you feel?" I asked her.
"My head hurts," she said.
"Okay, okay, but how do you feel? You spent the night in bed naked with a man. How do you feel?" I asked, care in my voice.
"I don't know. I wish I could remember it."
"You will, I'm sure, once you wake up a bit more."
I kissed her again and squeezed on her tits. Suzy was gorgeous, naked, and she was alone with me. And I was under instruction from Mei. I rolled on top of her, hugging and kissing; then brought her up on top of me, holding her bare body to me by the ass. There was an awkwardness about Suzy, a stiffness in her movement. I pulled her legs wide and stuck my cock head at her flaps. Undoubtedly, she was nervous, jumping at the touch.
"Come sit on my face," I told her. Her eyes went wide and she didn't move. "Come on, get you wet."
Suzy allowed me to sit her up and pull her hips to my chin. I held my mouth under her mound and looked up at her naked tits. Suzy's eyes closed as I stuck my tongue out and touched. She jumped. I held her hips firm and brought my lips and hers together. Her hips shook at the connection. I ran my tongue along her hairless slit, dipping it into her hole then back up to flick on her clit. Her ass jerked but I held firm, sucking and kissing and sticking her with my tongue. When she was super wet, I pulled her hips back down my body, lining up her hole with my cock. After a couple of dips in with just the head, I pushed to get in her properly.
"How does that feel?" I asked her. Suzy shuddered.
"Strange," she said straight away. "I can feel that we did this already, but don't remember."
"You don't remember?" I laughed.
Suzy shivered, overwhelmed with nervous emotion.
"Aah," she groaned after I gave a push up.
"Feels okay?" I asked.
"I don't know," she gritted.
"Try the other way. Might be easier." I rolled her over and got on top of her, stretching her legs as wide as they would go. "Hold on. I'm going to push hard."
Suzy squealed. She grimaced and groaned. She took deep breaths like she was birthing something in, rather than out.
"You've officially been fucked," I said as I looked at my cock three-quarters in her.
"Again," Suzy nervously replied.
"Again," I confirmed.
I leaned down, pushing our chests together. Suzy wrapped her arms tight around me, head back as I forced the last quarter into her.
"Oh my god," she moaned.
"Feel good?"
"I don't know. It's weird."
"It will feel good soon," I panted. "It's why so many girls get pregnant."
"Brett. I'm not pregnant, am I?" she asked.
"I don't know, you might be," I said, smiling at her. "I'm going to fuck you now, okay?"
"You already are!"
"No. I mean like this..." I pulled out then pushed in. Suzy screamed out, but more in shock than pain. "And again, are you ready?"
"Okay," Suzy panted.
Out then in. Out then in. Out then in. Each time I slammed harder. Each time Suzy yelped. As I kept going the screaming became ooh-ing.
"Getting better?" I asked.
"Getting better," she puffed, nodding.
"What do you remember from last night?" I asked. My cock was hard and fully up her.
"Huh?"
"What do you remember from last night?"
"Well. That clothes box. I remember putting my shoes in there."
"Shoes?" I exclaimed. "Nothing more than that?"
Suzy went red. "Ok, ok, I remember taking my clothes off. God, I can't believe I did it in front of all those people."
"You did more than just that. Do you remember losing the cards, the poker?" I prompted her.
"For some reason Gordon took me away? Why did that happen?" she asked, her mind still cloudy.
"Bastard made me stay and see the poker game finished. You went down there with him and you said you had to give him a blow-job. Do you remember?" I frowned at her.
"I remember going down there. I remember he made me drink; he was trying to get me to..." Suzy went quiet. I looked at her. She was remembering something?
"You remember?" I pressed her.
Suzy dropped her eyes to her chest, which made me look at her tits, too...which were lovely.
"What happened?" I repeated.
"He kissed me," was all she said.
"And? And what? You were both naked. What happened?" I pressed.
"Oh God. You're right. I did... Oh shit, I... put Gordon in my mouth," she stammered.
"You remember?"
"As soon as we went down the back, he gave me lots of wine, then he laid down on his back. Billy and that Josie girl were doing it so he just pulled my head down to do it to him, too. Oh god. I'm so sorry." Suzy buried her face into her hands now, not crying but obviously miserable. My cock stayed up her.
"Did he cum in your mouth?"
"No!" she said, genuinely. "Brett, please, I'm so sorry."
"Suzy. No way it's your fault. We were all drunk. We were all doing silly things."
"But...I did that...to your brother. How can you forgive me?" Suzy said, flushed red.
I smiled at her. "Hey, I like that you're loose. I like that guys can have sex with you easily. It's good for me."
"I'm usually not, I swear. I'm so sorry."
"Suzy, really. We're here, we're together now. And you'll let me fuck you anytime I want, right?"
Suzy took a deep breath, looking down at herself, cock buried between her legs. "I guess."
I pulled her close to kiss her lips. As much as I wanted to be with Mei when I was with Mei, now that I had my cock in Suzy, I couldn't imagine anything finer. Her body was divine. The smell was intoxicating. I did what I could to nail her as long as we were able. Neither of us were experienced enough to make it smooth and stylish, but we fucked until we took each other's energy away, until we were both starving and I was dying for the toilet.
"Food," I said, pulling her hips up and off me. It was great to have my penis coated with Suzy's wetness, shining in the light. "Come on."
I held her hand and walked us to the door naked.
"Please, can I use the sheet?" Suzy begged.
I myself wasn't entirely comfortable to walk around undressed either, but I didn't have any clothes upstairs. I had walked up naked with Mei.
"Come on. My clothes are down there, too."
"I can use this sheet," Suzy said again.
"Go," was all I said, pushing her naked at the door and stairs. No one was inside the kitchen or lounge. I took a pee, then dragged Suzy on a hunt through the house. No one had gone home, but then again, how could they? I'd hidden all the keys; even Gordon didn't know where I put them. The clothes bin was still in the dining room. Mei was lying naked on Jack on my single spare bed; I couldn't help but feel a pang of jealousy. Gordon had both Jenny and Maryanne under the covers in our parents' room, Liam was asleep by himself in Gordon's bed and I found Josie and Billy in different beds in Luke's old room.
Suzy and I went back into the kitchen to organize food. It seemed almost normal for girls to be naked in our house now; if only it could always be this way. Liam was the first one up; he said the smell of the coffee got him. He was no more dressed than Suzy or I. As soon as he saw her by the stove with a pancake-pan in hand he came up and stood next to her, smiling as he checked her out. Suzy froze at his stares.
"Hello, good morning," he said, with no regard for me. "Great time last night, baby. You should party with us again."
Suzy looked around at me as if to say 'what do I do?' I just shrugged. After a minute or two chatting Suzy pushed him away from the stovetop and Liam let her. He laughed, squeezed her bare ass and went to pour himself some coffee.
"Where's your girlfriend?" I asked knowing full-well she was in bed with Gordon, surprised at my own vindictiveness. Liam shrugged uncomfortably, not answering, staring at Suzy's body as she cooked. Suzy got stuck making pancakes over and over as more and more people woke and came out. Only Jack and Mei had any clothes on, stuff they'd found in my room - though Mei left her bottom half on show. I had bigger t-shirts than that in my room, why had she picked the short one? Did she want me to see her pussy again? I watched carefully as Jack interacted with Suzy. He was awkward that she was naked, but clearly wanted to look. Suzy was just as embarrassed to be standing around in the buff> Guys were openly staring and Liam took every opportunity to touch.
Not just Suzy, I was also harangued. When I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth, Josie cornered me, complaining I didn't stay awake for her. "Shower with me," she offered as a compromise, but I was keen to slip her net. As much as Josie and Maryanne were gorgeous and I loved the idea of going to bed with them, everything was just too complicated for me right then. Maybe later on I could handle this sort of stuff, but I was such a rookie. I wiggled my way around her by saying I was the host until Gordon woke.
"I'm back home for five weeks," she explained playfully. "I plan to have sex every day. You want to be on the roster or not?"
Gee. I was just a cock for her to fuck.
"Sure!" I said. Who knows whether anything would come from it, but it got me out of the hot-seat right then.
"Good," she smiled at me, turning and walking back toward the kitchen. "You've got to keep me happy, okay? Not like last night."
Eventually Gordon did wake. Most everyone was sitting around the kitchen table. Gordon went up and gave Suzy a squeeze and kissed her neck. She looked at me nervously as his hand moved around to openly grip her left breast.
"Hello beautiful. I love these tits," he said. "It's not even 10 o'clock, why are you all up? Back to bed the lot of you. I don't want to see anyone til at least midday, then we'll cook a barbecue lunch, there's plenty left."
It was weird. It was like we were all being told by our Dad it was bedtime. At 9:55am.
"Brett, go and get Jenny up," I was told, a confusingly incongruous message given what he'd just said. I looked at him and he just pointed to the bedroom. It wasn't easy to wake Jenny; she was fast asleep and complained bitterly. She was grumpy as hell as I dragged her naked butt out to the kitchen. If it hadn't been for the "Gordon's instructions", she'd never have done it.
"What?!" she grumbled once she got there.
"Straws," said Gordon calmly. "We draw straws. Whoever you get, you take that person back to bed with you til midday. So, if you can't sleep, then at least you'll have something to do. Come on, who's first?"
"Oh, let me sleep," Jenny whined.
"Fine, Jenny's up first. Who gets her? Liam, draw a straw," Gordon instructed. His straw was long. Shit, don't leave her with me, I thought. Billy took the next one. Long. Double shit.
"Come on Brett," Gordon said, me next. I was terrified I would pull short. Please, anyone but Jenny, especially when she was in this mood. What a relief, mine was long too. Same with Jack. Ha! Gordon got stuck back with Jenny. Served him right.
"Okay, honey, crawl back to bed, I'll be in there later," he told her.
Mei was up next and to my dismay Liam pulled the short straw on the first draw.
"I'm going home," Mei said calmly, agreeing with my assessment of her pairing with Liam.
"Come on, Mei," Gordon complained, "Don't be a spoilsport."
If Mei went home, she would have to take Suzy with her? They were supposedly staying together.
"Let her stay with Jack," I chimed in to the rescue. "We'll go back to bed, but with who we choose ourselves."
"Fine," Gordon conceded, too tired to argue. "Two more hours sleep. Brett, set the alarm for midday."
Jack took Mei by hand down the hall. She glanced back and gave a sly wink that only I saw.
Suzy was relieved to get back to the privacy of the upstairs room, with just the two of us.
"This is the craziest night of my life," she sighed, laying back on the bed, looking at the ceiling. "Brett, am I pregnant?"
"You might be," I said again, standing in front of her, erection full mast. "I came in you, in the bathroom last night."
Suzy sighed. "How am I going to explain this at home?"
I crawled onto the bed and onto Suzy. I lay on her, kissing her passionately.
"It's amazing, though, right?" I whispered at her ear as I kissed her lips and face. "You and I having sex. My cum in your cunt."
"I don't remember you cumming in me."
"It's okay. I'll do it again," I smiled.
Suzy didn't reply, she looked into my eyes as my cock prodded at her vagina.
"Wow, wow! That was easy!" I said, taken by surprise at how easily my erection sank to the depth of her cunt.
"You've opened me up," Suzy complained.
"That's okay. Easier to fuck you, then," I puffed.
"Oh Brett. Please. It feels..."
"What?" I worried.
"Can you go further in?"
"Are you sure?"
Suzy gripped my ass. "Yes," she said, nodding.
The sound and smell were amazing. Suzy's vagina slopped and splashed. Her body squirmed and twisted.
"In more," she moaned. "Can you?"
I tried. I pushed her legs wide, holding her ankles, slamming and grinding as far as I could.
"This is good now?" I panted.
"It's okay," Suzy said, lightheaded in the moment. We tried all the ways we could, Suzy up, down, in front, standing up. Any way we went, Suzy took to it. We kissed lovingly, joined, cock in cunt. We kissed like teens fucking. It was new and exciting, like a magical new ride at the theme park. I saw endless possibilities for fun and pleasure, and Suzy was in a mood to join me.
"Sex toys," I said as we lay on our backs, taking a break, discussing all the things we could think to try.
"And you really want me to give you 69?" Suzy giggled, grinning.
"Put you online, videos of you fucking," I suggested.
"Without my face," Suzy added. "In case my father watches porn!"
"Okay, no face online," I laughed, "But I'll show my friends the real thing. My mates from school."
"You want your friends to see you fucking me?"
"If you are okay with it?"
"It will be embarrassing when I meet them."
"They'll see you naked one day anyway, probably," I shrugged. "I expect everyone will want to play strip poker now Jack and I had that experience last night."
"You wanna do it again?"
"For sure. It was amazing. What about you?"
Suzy shrugged. "I guess it will be easier the second time."
"It was pretty freaky. I can't believe everyone went through with it. And the dares. You were super cool showing everyone your cunt, staying calm. Even cooking breakfast for everyone down there, undressed like that. Super impressive."
"It's not how I expected the night would go," Suzy said, smiling and turning to her side to look at me.
"What did you think would happen?" I asked, curious.
"I don't know. Kissing. Maybe I'd get fingered. Maybe I'd have to give you head."
"Well, I guess you weren't thinking you'd give it to Gordon."
"I'm so sorry," Suzy said again. "I really didn't mean to do that. I wish we could forget it ever happened."
"I don't mind. Really," I assured her, wondering if she knew that Mei had done that to me, too. I wasn't going to bring it up, I prayed she wasn't waiting for me to. "I like those guys wanna have sex with you."
"Makes you look good?" she teased.
"Maybe!"
"I like that you wanna have sex with me," Suzy said, turning to kiss me, and grip my cock.
"I'm going to cum in you again," I said, testing the water.
"Oh god. Okay," Suzy said, looking at me intimately. "You wanna do it now?"
"Hmmm," I nodded.
If you could capture a moment like that and sell it, you would rule the world. Late morning sunshine, eighteen years old, gorgeous girlfriend naked and shaved, her legs open. We had all the time we wanted, no parents anywhere. When I climbed on her and pushed in, it was with the predetermination that sperm would shoot into her unprotected vagina. I knew enough about women's bodies to know that I was fucking something special. There may be equal beauties in the world, but none greater than Suzy at that moment.
"Suzy, I'm so lucky to be the one fucking your cunt."
"Thank you," she smiled, and we kissed. "I can't believe you're in there. I never thought it would come so quickly."
"I know. I like it. I'm happy you're one of those girls."
"What girls?" she smiled.
"One of those girls that puts out easily."
"I didn't think I was," she said, biting her lip as I humped her. "I didn't mean to be."
"But you are. And now you're going to get fucked all the time."
"Like Mei," Suzy grinned, unaware of my tryst with her.
"Like Mei," I agreed.
We kissed passionately, rolling around the bed, getting used to being lovers. I was feeling strong and well-rested; even after cumming inside her again, I stayed youthfully hard. Suzy's cunt poured an endless well of juices. She squirted air and juice at each stroke. I would learn later in life that ovulation will do that to a girl. At the time, we assumed it was always going to be that easy to have sex.
"Geez, you two," I heard a voice boom from the door. "Do you ever stop?"
Gordon stood watching us, naked. "You know I've been here five minutes watching you, right?"
Suzy was sat on top of me, and dropped to push her chest to mine. Gordon grinned and shook his head, all that did was give him a better view of the cock in her pussy.
"No condom," he observed. "Have you been dropping your load in her again, Brett? You can call me Uncle Gordon soon?"
Possibly, I thought.
"What do you want?"
"Two hours, I said. Come and get us all. It's been two and a half already. Come on, if you can pull yourself out of your girl for long enough, we've got lunch needs to be cooked for our guests."
"Who is still here?"
"Everyone."
"Even Jack and Mei?" I checked.
Gordon grinned. "Oh yeah, that Asian babe is hot. You wanna take a turn on her after lunch, let me try your Suzy here?"
I didn't answer. I had moved on from worrying about Gordon's jibes and teasing.
"Okay. Let me finish, then I'll go down and help," I said instead.
"Hurry up. And Suzy, don't wear clothes. The boys wanna keep looking at you, yeah?" he grinned cheekily.
"Okay, okay, go! I'll be down in a minute."
I rolled Suzy to her back and she smiled as I slammed her pussy. It took more than a minute, but Suzy walked down the stairs to the backyard gurgling air and what remained of my sperm.
Lunch was good. We had all shared a unique experience. After a few beers and wines, the whole group was sparkling along; recalling every twist, every hand, every dare, laughing tremendously. Everyone was teased for who they kissed, or touched, or had sex with. It was only Sunday, and our folks wouldn't be back until the next evening so there was no rush from our perspective. Jack had to be home for a family dinner, but Mei stayed after he left.
"I need to either take Suzy with me, or stay here with her. And I don't think she is ready to go yet," Mei told Jack as they watched Suzy and I naked and kissing on a bench by the outdoor table. Liam and Billy were daring me to do things to her, and Suzy was being a good sport to let them watch. It was nothing too outrageous, just give her hickeys, or test how many fingers she could take.
As Jack left, I got his keys for him and took the chance to follow him to the front door.
"Fair to say, I hadn't expected to spend so much time in my life with you together naked," Jack said, tired but clearly happy.
"The new normal," I suggested.
"Not when it's just us two, I hope," he grinned.
"No! So? You okay?" I asked.
"Okay?" Jack smiled and shook his head. "Fucking brilliant. Unbelievable experience."
"You sure? You seemed a little pissed when Gordon announced the game last night."
Jack shrugged. "I was just a boy back then."
I laughed. I knew exactly what he meant. "Got to see Josie Cameron, as promised."
"And they got to see Suzy and Mei, as I said," he countered.
"Mei is hot," I nodded.
"So is Suzy. She is amazing."
"Yeah, they're both pretty good. Mei not pissed that you slept with Maryanne?"
"Hey, she gave you a fucking blowjob first. She can't really get upset, right?"
"Maryanne was alright?" I grinned.
"Like you wouldn't believe. I'll talk with you about it later," he said, taking a satisfied breath. We shook hands and Jack left. He asked me to keep an eye on Mei, I said it wouldn't be hard, given she was completely naked out there.
We all drank heavily again. Mei and Gordon disappeared together, but I was too tired, drunk and occupied with Suzy to chase them down. I took Suzy to the room above the garage again to have sex. Liam followed to watch. I had Suzy on all fours on the bed fucking her from behind, and Liam asked if he could join us, to give Suzy a 'spit-roast'. Suzy was curious as to what that meant. It was all I could do to keep him from joining in. He watched us have sex for a long time. In the end, he kept coming over to touch Suzy. I had scurry him back down the stairs.
"He wants to do it with me together? At the same time as you?" Suzy asked unsteadily afterward.
"One cock in your cunt, one cock in your mouth, at the same time."
"Wow," Suzy grinned and lay on her back, opening her legs.
"You want that?" I asked.
"I can try," she answered cheekily. "If you want me to."
"One day maybe. Not today."
I fucked her as best I could but eventually, I couldn't help it, I was so tired. I dropped my cheek to Suzy's breasts for a little break. I thought I'd just close my eyes for a second, just give them the tiniest bit of rest.
When I opened my eyes again it was almost dark. Dusk or dawn I had no idea. I sat up, dizzy. My girl was gone. I was naked and I was soft. I felt dry crusty flakes on the head of my cock. Gee. Was the adventure really over? Unbelievable. All because I lied about Suzy when I'd been teased by Gordon. What a result that had turned out. My senses told me it was sunset, it couldn't be morning, even I couldn't sleep 16 hours. It must be night. But it must be late, after eight. Shit, I'd had a sleep, but I was still sore and tired. I dragged my butt off the creaking bed and over to the door. Outside and inside the house looked completely lifeless.
I took my nakedness down the stairs and behind the garage. Onto the roses I had what I suspect was the longest piss ever taken in the history of man. I was stood there for an age, it just kept coming. I'm inhuman, I thought. The whole shaft of my cock was crusty, bringing back memories of what was dried there. Where was everybody? I was so hungry. And thirsty.
I creaked the door and went in, turning on lights. The kitchen was immaculately clean. I took a full bottle of water from the fridge and murdered it. I took two bananas from the bench to take the edge of my stomach cramps, moving about the house looking for any sort of clues as to what had happened while I was asleep. The cushions were back on the front lounge chairs. The clothes bin was missing from the dining room. I went into my room, everything tidy, quilt straight. I pulled it back and smelled under, it stank of sex, though.
All the other bedrooms were equally as tidy, as was the back room. Someone had made a great effort, good on them. I smelled the sheets and quilt in Mom and Dad's room. Fresh. Good idea but in itself suspicious. Still, better than stinking of sex. Nowhere in the house could I see any notes left for me, nor were there any messages on the home answering machine. I thought for a second and ran back outside and upstairs to the garage room. No note there either. I stopped and listened. The house phone. I bolted back downstairs and inside, panting as I picked it up.
It was Mom. My heart raced. For some reason I felt she was watching me from somewhere, that I'd been caught. I was standing naked in the house, caught like in a bad dream. But on the other end her voice was friendly and warm.
"Brett, darling, how are you? Do you miss us?"
"Ah, sure," I stammered.
"Liar!" my mother teased me. "You're hoping we never come back again."
"Aw, Mom," I was smiling, "You know that's not true. We need you; you've not paid off the mortgage yet."
"Little sprite you are," she said. "What's happening, where's your brother?"
"Actually, you know I don't know, I had a nap and when I woke, he was gone. Dunno where," I answered truthfully.
"You're there alone?"
"Alone," I confirmed.
"That rotten Gordon. I wished he would take you with him more, involve you more, he's so caught up in his own friends that brother of yours," she opined. I went red thinking of just how wrong that was, but I could hardly explain.
"It's okay, I don't mind," I said, trying to keep it light.
"Why don't you have someone over, what about Jack, why don't you invite him come stay for a while," she said, nicely.
"A while?"
"Oh, oh, yes, we're staying on. Not in the hotel, but in one of the houses here, some place Woody rented."
"Huh?"
"Oh, well, your dad, you know him, can't keep off the phone even on holiday. So, Friday afternoon he closes the biggest deal of his whole goddamn life," she whispered to me as if it was all very confidential.
"Really? Who?"
"Can't say, just keep your eye on the Journal. Should be announced Tuesday, so probably in Wednesday's paper. Right down the front pages, I tell you," she said, proudly. She loved how successful Dad was, my brothers were. But I felt no less loved, not from her.
"So, what's happening?" I asked her.
"I don't know, we're all here staying at this huge palatial house on the water. Woody and your Dad have been drunk for two whole days and they've invited all the directors down as well. God knows how long this will all go on," she explained, clearly excited. Gee. It must've been big.
"When are you back?"
"I'll let you know. I really haven't a clue. Depends if they get the fishing bug or not, and whether Gracie and Joan come to keep me company."
Gracie and Joan. Gee, if they were there my mother would be sloshed for days. We said goodbye, and I was under strict instructions to enjoy myself now my papers were in.
So that was that. No parents til whenever. That suited me just fine.
I looked around the clean and empty house, curious as to what had happened. Who could I call to find out? Not knowing if Suzy was home, I dared not try her home number. If I tried Jack, he might want to come see me, which would reduce my chances of getting a girl back over. If I called Mei and she was with Jack that may cause suspicion? So, I dialed the only one of us that had their own mobile phone. I called Gordon. At least I might get some background into the frame of mind they were all in. But the bastard didn't answer. Damn.
So I lay there on the sofa, naked still, thinking how long had it been since I had worn clothing. Had it been a whole 24 hours yet? I watched TV and drank a whole bottle of apple juice. At almost 10pm, the phone rang. I assumed it was Gordon ringing me back.
"Hey."
"Brett?"
"Ah, yeah. Who is this? Suzy?"
"Brett," Suzy said weakly, "Can you come get me?"
I was completely puzzled.
"Where are you?"
"I'm at Liam's," she said, embarrassed.
"Liam's? What the hell are you doing there?"
I could hear her sobbing and I immediately rang a taxi and went into rescue mode. I threw on pants and a shirt, and shoes with no socks and raced over there. She was on the street in front of the apartment building when I pulled up. She was completely disheveled.
I tole the taxi guy to stop and wait. "Suzy. What the hell is going on?"
"They all had me Brett," she said, ashamed of herself.
"All? Who is all?"
"All of Liam's friends," she told me.
"What does that mean, had you?"
"Had me. Fucked me."
"Fucked you? How many of Liam's friends?"
Suzy didn't want to answer.
"Suzy, come on, how many?" I pressed.
"Three. Plus him," she said, going red.
"Liam and another three guys? They all had sex with you?" I said, shocked.
Suzy nodded her head sadly.
"Jesus, they forced you? You were raped?" I suddenly panicked.
This time Suzy shook her head. "No."
"What do you mean, 'no'?" I said sternly.
"They asked me if they could," she trembled. "I said yes."
"You said yes..."
We didn't talk for some time after that. She was only wearing a boy-shirt with no underwear; the taxi driver was pondering calling the police but Suzy calmed him enough to bring us home. We sat on the tiles in the shower back at my place, hot water pouring down onto us, steam filling the room. The water ran over her breasts and thighs which were smothered in hickeys.
"I was so drunk," she continued without prompting. "You fell asleep. I needed the toilet. Liam and Billy pulled me over to help Josie and Maryanne to clean the house and patio."
"Mei? Jenny? Where were they?"
"Jenny, I don't know. Mei was... in with Gordon, in your parents' room."
"Fuck!" I swore.
"Billy said Gordon said we had to clean up. Those boys took the clothes bin back outside and we did the dishes."
"Okay, how does that lead to you going to Liam's for a gang-bang?" I said, the edge in my voice clear.
"I'm so sorry," she sobbed.
"Suzy, you've said that. How did you get to Liam's?"
It took a while for Suzy to compose herself. "I was so drunk; they were giving us more drinks. Liam... kissed me."
"You let him kiss you?"
"I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to. Then it just happened."
"It?"
"The sex," Suzy clarified, blushing.
"He fucked you here? In this house? Where?"
"On your sofa."
"Oh fuck," I sighed, turning my head, leaning back against the warm tiles.
"I didn't mean for it to happen. It just... he pushed in between my legs and it just went in so easy. And then, after that... he just kept going and going. I lost my head. I don't know why, when it's in there I... forget who I am. You were nowhere, no one stopped it. Then Billy had a turn and..."
"You're fucking kidding me. Billy as well?"
"I'm so sorry. Believe me, I didn't ask for them to do it."
"But you didn't say no?"
"When my legs are open... its like I get lost. Its all so new. I'm so sorry."
For a time, we didn't talk. I tried to hide my erection, ashamed that I was hard at the thought of her putting out for those guys, on request. They must have thought they won a lottery.
"How did you end up at Liam's?" I finally continued.
"They put one of Gordon's shirts on me and Billy drove us all to that apartment. Brett, I'm so sorry, I got lost in it all."
"Why did you leave here? Why didn't you come wake me?"
"I don't know... I was on such a high. Billy and Liam were so happy with me. At Liam's, I was surrounded by all these guys with their clothes off. I felt so... attractive to them. They were all hard because of me, I just gave myself to them. Oh Brett, they all did it, every one of them, one after the other, I thought it would never stop. They were shouting and cheering and passing me around like a... Oh, god, Brett, I did it with them, with all of them, I feel so damn awful. I let them, I let them. It went on for so long."
Suzy was sobbing. I shuffled in close so we could hold each other. My dick was hard and pushed against her stomach. It was entirely inappropriate, but what was I to do?
"Brett, can I stay here with you?" she asked.
"What about your folks, if you don't go home what are you going to tell them?" I asked. Suzy leaned back and rubbed her eyes. She took a deep breath.
"I called them this morning. I told them I'm staying with Mei for a few days," she said. "I thought it would be a chance for us to spend time together. Oh, Brett, I'm so, so sorry."
"Suzy, apologies are as much about behavior as words," I couldn't help but say.
"I know," she simply said. Her hand moved between our bodies and she started pulling on my cock. That wasn't what I had meant. But it's difficult to tell a gorgeous naked girl to stop stroking your cock regardless of the circumstances.
"I'll only do it with you, I promise," she said to my ear. Gee, did she really think we were going to date still?
Suzy was pulling on my cock even harder. Unbelievable. I thought back to my bedroom, to how she asked me the day before not to finger her, how she said she wasn't ready. Wow, that was one day ago. A single bloody day. I felt guilty for taking off the safety-brake, for starting her roll down the hill, crashing along the way - but Suzy had to take some responsibility for herself. No one goes from virgin to minx this quickly, surely? I remembered thinking that Jenny had too quickly become sexual after we broke up, but that was over a period eight months. Not twenty-four hours.
"Do you masturbate?" I thought out loud. Suzy went red and didn't answer. Maybe she was one of these girls that talked like a polite young thing but at night stuck her dolls up herself in secret? Suzy leaned down to get my cock in her mouth. It was a fumbling attempt, but she was a rookie and was trying to make me happy. Ok, stay for the night, but I struggled to see a future for us. I had slept with Mei, too. I could hardly take the moral high ground. It seemed Suzy and I were unable to naturally stay faithful to each other. Not at that age of our life, anyway.
"Suzy, you can stay. But I'm not sure about us being a couple," I said with a straight face.
"I know," was the straight reply. "I blew it, didn't I. I'm so sorry."
"Not just you. It's me, too. If you were asleep and Josie and Maryanne had come to get me for sex, I would have probably done it, too."
"Those girls are beautiful," Suzy empathized.
"Exactly. So maybe we need to get it out of our system first. Play around more before we get together?"
"I know. I'm sorry," Suzy said for the nth time. "I've been wondering for so long if guys wanted me. I'm not sure that I can say no, not now that I've said yes."
"I told you that you were an easy lay," I sighed.
"I guess so."
So that was that. We got out of the shower and lay on the sofa that Liam and Billy had nailed her on. It felt strange to kiss her after she had been with other guys. She was covered in hickeys, a visual reminder that other men also rub up against her. I could almost feel their presence, picture them sticking their cock in her, cumming in her. Nevertheless, I fucked her just like them. Suzy was too beautiful to just lay there and look at without touching.
"How does it feel?" I asked her.
"Which bit?" she asked, my cock swimming in other men's semen.
"To be cum in by so many guys?" I clarified. "Do you like it?"
Suzy shrugged. "Brett, will you help me if I'm pregnant?"
"Even if it's not mine?"
"You came in me first."
It was true. "Of course, I'll help."
"Thank you."
We ordered pizza and as corny as it was, I made her open the front door naked. She did it without complaint. The delivery guy was way too nervous and embarrassed to stare properly but I got hard as hell watching him fumble around while Suzy stood naked in front of him. What he must have thought, such a beautiful girl covered in love bites and with a shorn pussy?
We ate the pizza in front of TV then fucked. We went to bed upstairs and fucked. We woke in the night and fucked. I gave it to her from all the angles my inexperienced mind could think of. In the morning we had another shower and I tidied the shave-job on her cunt. We were standing around making breakfast when Gordon came home.
"Gordon, you're a mess. Where the hell you been?" I asked. He didn't answer straight away. He was looking Suzy up and down.
"Give me a proper look," he told her. Suzy looked at me and I shrugged. She put down the pan and turned to face him, legs slightly open, slit smooth and naked.
"Fuck. I like your cunt," he said. "Got some nasty bruises on you though."
"What you been up to? Have you been smoking?" I asked him. He came over and leaned on the bench near Suzy. He stank of beer and cigarettes.
"Well, I've been out. Slept a little while at Maryanne's, now home to clean up. Folks back today, you better get your screw out of here before that," he mumbled semi-coherently.
"It's ok," I said. Gordon looked at me oddly. "Mom called last night, they're going to be late, not sure when but not today or tomorrow."
"Well. I'll be. Can I have some of that?"
I wasn't sure if he was pointing at Suzy or the food, but we all sat at the kitchen table and ate eggs and pancakes. Suzy's tits were a wonderful table decoration, neither of us had our eyes off them long.
"You were in the master bedroom with Mei yesterday afternoon," I said to Gordon. "Did you have sex with her?"
"Was I?" he replied, genuinely confused. "No way. I had a big sleep in there."
I let the topic go. I'd see what Mei had to say about it later.
"Brett?" Gordon asked openly, "Can I take your young lass here into the shower, get her to help me clean up? Would that be okay? I'd only borrow her for a short time, and I would give her back in one piece."
I looked at Suzy. Gordon possibly had no idea what she had done after I fell asleep the day before.
"No point to ask me. Suzy decides what Suzy does," I told him. I wasn't being difficult or facetious, I was being genuine. She was her own person, and we'd kind of agreed that we weren't going to be a couple officially. "You want to go shower with Gordon?"
Suzy shrugged. "I can, if you want."
"You know he'll fuck you in there, right? Are you okay with that?"
"I don't mind," she said, in line with what she told me about not saying 'no'.
Gordon walked her with him down the hall, his hand on her bare ass. It confirmed that once our relationship was consummated, Suzy and I had shone hard and bright and quickly burned ourselves out.
The voyeur in me went down and listened by the shower door as I heard Gordon humping and then unloading into her. I was gone by the time they got out. I assume Gordon spent the rest of the morning fucking the shit out of her, as the rest of us had. I knew Suzy would be fine, though. Since I picked her up from Liam's we had been open and honest about where we stood, and how Suzy felt about taking the lid off her sexuality.
With nowhere much to go, I went unannounced over to Jack's. He was there but still asleep so I told his Mom not to wake him, to give me a call later. She didn't seem too stressed so I expect Jack got home in relatively sensible condition the day before. I thought about Mei, but I'd never just dropped around to her house before. It would be a kind of weird thing to do. But these days everything was weird. I didn't know where Maryanne lived, nor exactly where Josie stayed when she was back. So, I walked all the way over to Mei's suburb. It took almost forty-five minutes but I enjoyed the time in the sun before the day got too hot.
I found what looked like her street and walked back and forth in front of Mei's house a few times before I could be sure it was hers. Most times we'd driven by, picked her up and took off, I didn't really pay much attention to detail. I'd never gone in. Today I walked through the front garden and knocked on the door. If Mei wasn't there it would be a long walk back home. I was thirsty.
"Brett, what are you doing?"
I couldn't really see through the door screen with the sun on it, but it was Mei's voice. She sounded sleepy. When she opened the door and let me in, I could see her hair was disheveled, and one strap from her silk nightie hung off her shoulder. Her breast was out, but she didn't realize. Her eyes were hardly open.
"I was just wandering around," I said pathetically. "Where are your folks?"
"They left for the store, literally just now, I thought that was them back forgotten their keys or something. Lucky you weren't ten minutes earlier, you'd have gotten the third-degree. What you doing here anyway?"
"Well. Gordon is back at our place fucking Suzy and Jack is still in bed asleep."
"Gordon's at your place with Suzy? How'd that happen? Why did you let that happen?" she asked grumpily. I came in and explained the whole thing, what Suzy had told me about the sofa at my place, and all the things she did at Liam's, how she called me to get her, stayed overnight, and that we had decided the time wasn't right for us to be a couple.
"She has this thing that's happening. If a guy wants her, Suzy is turning all gooey for it."
"You should never have brought her to that party," Mei scolded me.
"Come on! It's not my fault. I didn't ask her to have sex with any guys."
"You got her to undress in front of them. What did you think would happen?"
"Not that," I admitted. "You must have had some sense she would be like that?"
"I did not. I had no idea!"
"You're her best friend. You must have had some idea."
"I didn't," Mei said thoughtfully. "Never try and predict the sexuality of a woman. Even we don't know what we are capable of until we do it."
The comment was too thoughtful and deep not to be hiding more, but I let it go.
"So," said Mei changing the mood. "I suppose you think you're gonna get a piece of me now, after all this?"
"I guess, now I'm here...," I grinned.
"Come on then," she sighed. "Let's do it in my bed. I like having sex in my own bed."
I followed her to her room, ecstatic to be back with her, to crawl back into her. She was naked under the nightie, which came off as soon as we got to her room. Her bed was kind of a large single and was still all messed up. Mei got up on it on all fours, sticking her cunt back toward me. My clothes hit the floor in seconds, about the same amount of time as it took me to get rock hard. I knelt behind her on the bed and Mei leaned down, sticking her pussy up at me.
"Put it in," she purred. I obliged. Oh, it was wonderful. Silky. Warm. Air pumped in with my cock and she blew up inside like a balloon. Oh, I could do this for hours. Well, fifteen minutes or so. I couldn't help myself. I went to pull out but Mei yelled out 'stay' and I dumped it all on the inside.
"Ah, that's wonderful," she said genuinely. "I love when that happens."
I didn't go soft and Mei kept twisting and masturbating herself back onto me. Gee her tits were tight, they hardly moved as they hung. Looking back, her face was god-like, her dark eyes like a cat and a mouth that invited a guy to have sex with it. I was in love, as I suspected all the guys that had fucked her had been.
"Mei, how many guys have you fucked?" I asked once I was down lying behind her, semi-erection still up her cunt.
"Not enough!" was the only reply I could get. I wished I could be her last fuck. I wished I could keep her for my own.
"Hey!" I asked, having completely forgotten. "What the hell happened on Sunday afternoon. You went to bed with Gordon?"
"We slept. No sex," Mei told me.
"Did he cum in you?" I flat-out asked.
"Brett," Mei spoke seriously now. "There was no sex with Gordon that afternoon. Go ask him if he says anything different. We slept."
I sighed, hoping it was true.
"How did the place get cleaned?" I asked, trying to change my own mood.
"Cleaned? I don't know. Those girls must have done it. I left after I couldn't find Suzy up there with you. I guessed she'd gone home after all. Who would have thought she would..."
"Ok, enough on that. What did everyone do for clothes?" I couldn't help but wonder.
"Let's just say your Mum's wardrobe is a bit lighter than it used to be...," she explained.
"Shit. Why didn't anyone wake me up?" I asked.
Mei shrugged. "Gordon said leave you be, so I left you be. What time you sleep til?"
"Until dark," I said. "So...what's the deal with us?"
"Us, huh?" Mei smiled.
"I wanna keep fucking you."
"I like it too," Mei admitted.
"Jack goes to his Mom's on Thursday?"
"Yes," Mei grinned.
"For a month?"
"More. Six weeks."
"So...?"
"Well, now you know what time my house is free each day, huh? So, for a start you can bring that thing over each morning to give me," she said smiling, rolling her ass against my pelvis. "I like your cock."
I leaned around and grabbed a breast in my hand as she fucked. "I like your tits, too. I always liked how you took them out in the movie theater."
"I know you liked it. Why do you think I used to let you get a peek?"
"Huh? You knew I was looking?"
"Come on! Of course! You weren't exactly subtle!" she laughed at me.
"Ok, ok, enough, enough. So, apart from coming over here, can we go away somewhere so I can stay with you nights too?"
"You wanna go on a holiday together?"
"Can we?"
"Maybe. Depends how much money you want to spend."
"Me spend?" I smiled at her.
"Of course! You provide the money, and I'll provide my pussy. Fair deal?"
"Hmmph," I grunted. I'd have to think about it. Briefly.
We clinched, we kissed, we fucked again, but we got interrupted by a loud wrap at the door and yelling. Jack. I was still up her cunt and wasn't keen to get out.
"Off," I was told abruptly. I hesitated. "Brett, seriously, go home and pull Suzy out of Gordon's bed. Until Thursday you fuck yours, I fuck mine."
I looked down at where we were joined. I took a deep breath and pulled out, rolling off the bed. The knocking at the door was loud, Jack was starting to yell. Mei ran straight out of her room and down the hall naked. What did she expect me to do? Hide in the closet? I crept out as far as I dared. Mei twisted the locks on the door and let Jack in. I couldn't quite hear what they were saying, but I could see well enough. Jack put his arms around the girl I had just been fucking, reaching down and grabbing her bare ass. He put his hands between her legs and played with her cunt, then looked like he was asking why she was so wet. She reached up and spoke in his ear and a huge grin came onto his face. Us guys are suckers, I realized. He turned her around and bent her over the back of the sofa by the door, then started to make for the belt on his jeans. Geez, he was going to nail her right there? Bloody hell.
Mei looked like she got him to stop and wait. She pulled him down onto the sofa itself and made him sit. He continued to unbuckle his pants. Mei came dashing back down the hall toward me. Gee, she looked fine. What a gorgeous nude. I loved fucking her so much, though I guess so did her boyfriend, my best friend.
"Brett, get out of the hall," she whispered, pushing us both back into her room. She was rummaging around in a drawer, looking for something. "Quick. Out the window. You can get down the side to the street. Go. Go."
Fuck. This was not ideal. I stepped forward to where she was bent over, putting my hands between her legs. She was super wet. Mei stood up at my touch, she'd found what she was looking for, a huge dildo with controls on the bottom and a bottle of gel. Fuck, that thing was twice as thick and twice as long as any cock could ever be. I put my finger up her cunt, trying to push in.
"Brett. Stop it. If he comes back here, he will kill us, you know that," she said, pulling my hand from her pussy. "You want him to happily leave Thursday or not?"
"I don't want him up your cunt," I complained.
"And he doesn't want you up there." It was a familiar argument. "Now get out the window. I'll call you when the time is good."
Mei stood with her sex toy in one hand and a bottle of gel in the other. Swiftly she flipped the lid and poured too much liquid over the toy's nub, spilling some to the carpet which she rubbed away with her feet. Standing with her feet spread wide she held the toy against her vagina. With a winced face she started pushing it up and in.
"What are you doing?" I whispered, astounded.
"I told him I'd been playing with myself, I can hardly take it out there dry," she explained between grunts. She was struggling to get it in there.
"That thing's fucking huge!" I said. "How can you even get it in there?"
"It's gone in before...," she grunted. She was pushing it upward with the same force as opening a tight lid on a jar.
"You need help?" I whispered.
"It's okay, I can do..." she gasped. I watched it sink further and further into her. It had to hurt, surely. It looked about as thick as my arm.
"Does that actually feel good?" I asked, my face scrunched up.
"Like you wouldn't believe," Mei growled at me instantly. Gee. I looked down at my own cock. What was the point of it? It was insignificant next to the tree trunk sliding deeper between her legs, any cock would be. When she'd smeared about half of the dildo with herself, she slowly pulled it out and made quickly for the door. I pulled her back in for one last kiss. She pushed her lips hard to mine then broke from my grip to move down the hall, trying to compose herself. I snuck down and stayed for long enough to see Jack driving the dildo up her. I was amazed she could take any of it, yet Jack got every piece of it in there. She looked happy about it. Fucking hell, Mei was hot.
I left through the window as requested, hoping the neighbors didn't call the police about a burglar. It was a much slower walk home, there was no spring in my step, it took almost an hour. I stopped out by the back tap and drank what felt like a gallon of water before I went in. Suzy and Gordon were in our parents' bed, dozing. I slapped her bare ass and woke her up, picking her up by the shoulders and leading her back to the room above the garage.
"Better stay with me," I told her and she nodded.
It was still the middle of the day. I fucked her slowly, guessing she must be sore from Gordon, but Suzy's young pussy didn't mind. She groaned in genuine pleasure. Suzy had found a drug, the hormones in her brain had been switched to 'on' and the speed turned to 'automatic'. She began to develop skill in her hips. Her inhibitions were falling away even when sober. Her legs spread wide, the smile on her face broad. She gasped at each thump on her pelvic bone, each time my pubic hair scraped her shaved pussy.
Suzy stayed in our house with me that night, but on Tuesday I talked her into going home. It was for the best. We were not a couple and I worried Gordon's friends would be back at our place for a turn if she stayed. To allay a problem with her folks, Mei agreed to pick her up and take her there together. It was a surprisingly unemotional farewell. Indifference truly is the opposite of love. It was remarkable how quickly we had reached that point.
Mei dropped back to our place briefly on the way home from taking Suzy.
"I can't stay long," she said, taking her shorts and panties off in the kitchen. Gordon sat at the table watching, too. "I need to go to Jack's place. His folks are out til dinner, so I need to give him some time before he goes away. So, you have to be quick, okay?"
"Can I have a turn, too?" Gordon asked.
"No!" we both said in unison. Mei let him watch, though, bending forward over the table he was sitting at. Gordon pulled her singlet off and unhooked her bra as I fucked her from behind. Mei wouldn't let him touch, but oddly they had a conversation as I pumped her from behind.
"How did that go?" Gordon asked. "What did Suzy's mom say?"
"It was fine. Suzy was meant to be staying with me, but I said my folks needed me to work."
"What about being pregnant?"
"We got her an appointment and test for tomorrow morning. I'll take her."
"Brett says Jack's away from Thursday. So, we'll see you a bit here?"
"See. Not touch," Mei assured him.
Gordon tried to keep talking, but Mei's mind had been taken over by the sex. She rolled her hips back at my cock. I had put so much of my semen in Suzy that I was able to hold on until Mei herself screamed out an orgasm. It was too much to see a girl shake like that on me, though, my own cum shooting through my cock shortly afterward. Admittedly, I hadn't contributed much to the mess to clean up between her legs. Gordon teased me of course, but it was water off a duck's back. He knew it, too. The relationship had changed in the space of a few days.
"I've created a monster," he said, slapping my back as we watched Mei pull out of our drive.
"I hope I'm not," I sighed. "Thanks, though. Thanks for bringing me along with your friends. I do appreciate it."
"You're welcome," he grinned. "But remember... Summer has just started."
(Next installment will be submitted Feb 12, 2021: The Third Brother - The Days After)