-- All involved are well over the age of 18. Thanks to all of the feedback on this series so far. --
The next morning Andy trudged down to the kitchen with a bad hangover. His head was throbbing and he felt like he had slept for only a few measly minutes. The bright sunlight shining through the kitchen windows stung his sore eyes and when he reached up to rub away the dryness he was met with the musky scent of last night's events still lingering on his fingers. His cock twitched at the memory.
Last night had been sureal. He began to replay the details in his head and a wave of shame washed over him as he recalled how he had tasted what he was now certain was Dean's cum while eating out his wife. The thought of it brought on a sudden urge to vomit.
As he replayed the night in his head he heard Abbie shuffle into the kitchen behind him. She wore a simple white robe that stopped halfway between her knees and her hips and Andy he couldn't help but admire her curves beneath the delicate fabric. Even after just crawling out of bed, she looked like a goddess in his eyes, with her long blonde hair cascading down her shoulders and her bright blue eyes sparkling in the morning light.
"Morning, baby," Abbie said, her voice hoarse from drinking last night. Andy thought it may have been the sexiest she'd ever sounded.
She walked over to Andy and wrapped her arms around his waist, pressing her body against him. Andy's cock stiffened in his boxers as he felt her breasts pressed against his chest. He kissed her deeply, tasting the remnants of last night's events on her lips.
Abbie moaned against his lips, her hips grinding against him. He knew she could feel his hard cock pressing against her thigh, but he didn't make any moves to take it further. He just wanted to enjoy the moment, the feeling of her body against his.
"Good morning," he whispered, breaking the kiss. "Did you sleep well?"
Abbie nodded, her lips curling into a seductive smile.
"I guess you really wore me out," she teased.
Andy suspected it wasn't him that had worn his wife out, but he made no comment. He felt pangs of jealousy as he imagined their neighbor ravaging his wife, giving her orgasm after orgasm before finally emptying inside of her. Inside of his Abbie.
Abbie looked up at her husband with a playful smile. "I want you," she whispered, as she slid her hand down to squeeze his cock.
Andy looked down at his wife and was about to suggest they go back to bed when a knock on their front door interrupted their moment.
Abbie pulled away from Andy, her eyes filled with disappointment.
"Who could that be this early?" she muttered, tying her robe tighter around her waist.
Andy took a deep breath, trying to calm his racing heart. He had a sinking feeling he knew who it was before he even opened the door. He reached for the handle and sure enough, there stood Dean and Jenna.
Dean's eyes twinkled mischievously as he looked at Andy, a smug smile on his face.
"Morning, neighbor," he said, his voice dripping with sarcasm. "I hope we're not interrupting anything."
Jenna raised an eyebrow, her eyes scanning Andy and Abbie up and down. Her gaze settled on the bulge in Andy's pants before looking back up at the couple.
"Ooh, I think we are interupting," she said, a knowing smile spreading across her face.
"Good morning," Andy said simply, ignoring her insinuation.
Dean smiled, leaning against their doorframe.
"Just thought we'd drop by and see if you two want to grab breakfast with us," he said, his voice dripping with faux innocence. "You look like you could use some coffee."
Their neighbors' smug and casual smiles angered Andy. They knew exactly what they'd been doing, how they'd inserted themselves into his and Abbie's relationship. He felt a swirl of anger and embarrassment, his face growing hotter by the second. He couldn't believe these people were standing on his doorstep, acting like they hadn't just completely fucked with his head last night and literally fucked his wife.
"No, I'm sorry, we have plans today," Andy said shortly, trying to keep his anger in check.
Jenna pouted, looking genuinely disappointed.
"Are you sure?"  She looked past Andy.  "Abbie dear, how are you feeling this morning?  You had a lot to drink last night.  You were wild, girl!" Jenna laughed. "It was nice to see you let loose!"
Abbie's cheeks flushed.
"I don't remember much," she admitted with a shy smile. "But I do remember having fun."
Dean nodded, his gaze locked on Abbie's curves. "Yeah, you did. You're a wild one, Abbie."
Andy's chest tightened at the way Dean looked at his wife, but he kept his cool, forcing a tight smile. He noticed Abbie was clearly avoiding eye contact with their neighbours. Her cheeks were flushed, and she was obviously uncomfortable in their presence this morning.  Was it guilt?  Fear of Andy finding out about her indiscretions?  Or mere embarrassment over her own behavior?
Dean's eyes trailed over Abbie's body, lingering on her firm breasts mostly hidden by her thin bathrobe. A dark, lustful hunger burned in his gaze, reminding Andy of what he suspected they had done together.
"Well, we'll let you get back to it then," Jenna chimed in, her eyes flicking between the two of them. "But promise me we'll grab drinks soon, okay?"
"Yeah, sure," Abbie mumbled, her cheeks still flushed.
It suddenly struck Andy as he watched his wife's discomfort, that it wasn't just Dean that Abbie was uncomfortable around. It was Jenna. Abbie believed Jenna was oblivious that she'd slept with Dean. Just as she assumed Andy was unaware, she was feeling guilty at facing her new friend after sleeping with her husband. If she only knew, Andy thought.
Andy began to close the door, when Jenna suddenly turned and rushed back up their front step.
"Oh Abbie, I almost forgot," she reached out and put something in Abbie's hand. "You forgot these at our house last night."
Andy and Abbie both looked down at the lace bra and panties in Abbie's hand, neither sure what to say. Jenna raised an eyebrow, smiling wickedly.
"I think these belong to you, don't they?" She asked playfully.
Abbie's face turned a deep shade of red.  She looked up at Jenna then Andy, then down at her underwear again. The silence was almost deafening for what felt like an eternity until Abbie finally tried to speak.
"Umm," she stammered, her voice trembling.
"Dean said he found them next to the sofa.  Guess you must have taken them off before you passed out." Jenna continued, winking at Andy.
Abbie's face was a mixture of shock and embarassment as she quickly shoved her underwear into her robe pocket, averting her gaze from both Jenna and Andy.
"Um.... thanks, Jenna," she mumbled, her voice barely audible.
"No problem, what are friends for, right?  We gotta look out for each other," Jenna smiled, giving Abbie a knowing look before turning to leave with Dean. "Alright, see you both later," she called over her shoulder, sashaying down the front steps with Dean in tow.
The door closed with a hollow thud, and the couple were left in stunned silence. Abbie looked like she was about to burst into tears.  He could see the overwhelming guilt on her face and in spite of the anger and humiliation that was coursing through his body, all he wanted to do was make her feel better.  So he decided to let her off the hook by playing dumb.
"Geez, hon," he said with a playful grin. "You must have been pretty drunk.  Guess you girls got pretty crazy."  He chuckled, trying to diffuse the tension in the room.
Abbie didn't respond. She just stood there, staring at the ground, her face still flushed. Andy walked over to her and wrapped his arms around her shoulders.
"You okay, babe?" He whispered in her ear.
She nodded, still not meeting his gaze.
"Mmm, hmm," she murmured, her voice trembling.
He could feel the tension radiating off her body, could tell she was struggling with what to say. Andy sensed she was beginning to feel overwhelmed by her betrayal of both her husband and her friend.
It suddenly occurred to him that Abbie may be about to confess, tell him everything she had done and beg for his forgiveness. The thought terrified him.  He wasn't ready for that, to hear her actually admit it.  It was crazy, but he thought he might prefer if she never told him that she'd cheated on him and they just put it all behind them and pretend life was normal again.
Andy sighed, pressing a soft kiss to the side of her head, and Abbie leaned into him, visibly relaxing.
"Maybe we should lay off the drinking for a bit, huh?" Andy suggested. "I know I'm feeling pretty hung over.  I had quite a bit of whiskey while you were out with your friends,"  Andy was hoping he could use her current emotional state to steer her away from Jenna and Dean for awhile at least.
"I know, I drank too much, I should have known better," she admitted quietly. "Fuck, I'm really sorry." She said, closing her eyes, completely mortified. "I don't even remember taking those off. I'm so embarrassed, Andy."
Andy smiled reassuringly, pulling her closer. "Don't worry about it," he soothed. "I've seen your lingerie collection before. And I don't think finding someone's underwear at their house would be too shocking for our neighbors," he chuckled.
Abbie laughed nervously, "Yeah, that's true. Thanks for being so understanding.  I don't deserve you."
Andy smiled, relieved that Abbie seemed to have agreed to ease off the drinking, which he hoped would mean avoiding their neighbors for the forseeable future.
"Of course," he said, brushing a strand of hair out of her face.
That night, as they lay in bed talking about the coming week, Abbie's phone rang. Andy glanced at the clock, surprised anyone would call so late.
"Hello?" Abbie answered, trying to sound more awake than she felt.  "Oh hi, sweetie, how are you?"
Andy could hear the excitement in her voice and knew it had to be Katie. They hadn't seen their daughter in more than two months.  Between her university classes and her part time job, she hadn't had much time to visit or even call.
Andy's worries melted away as he watched his wife laugh and talk with Katie.  He waited to see if she would hand him the phone so that he could say hi, but Abbie wrapped up the call.
"That's fantastic, honey, I can't wait," she sounded happier than Andy had seen her in some time. "We'll see you soon.  Be safe."
After Abbie hung up the phone she bounced over and cuddled against Andy, squeezing him tightly.
"Katie is coming home tomorrow," she said, unable to hide her excitement. "She has a few days before exams so she took some time off work so she could come visit."
"That's great," Andy said, equally excited to see their daughter.
Katie was a great kid.  Ok, perhaps not a kid anymore, he thought, she was 20 years old after all.  But she was really starting to find her way.  Her teenage years had been a challenge, which Andy figured was typical for girls that age.  But Katie had a wild streak and she went through a rebellious phase that strained their relationship not so long ago.  She sometimes wouldn't come home at night, dated a string of guys that were definitely not guys Andy wanted anywhere near his little girl, and she liked to party.  It struck Andy as he lay there that she may have gotten that wild streak from her mother.
But while her first year of university was spent partying and making poor decisions, her sophomore year seemed to be a turning point.  Her grades were up and until their recent breakup, she had been dating a junior from her school that both Andy and Abbie thought was a pretty decent guy.
"When will she be home?" Andy asked.
"She said it would be around dinner time." Abbie responded.  She lifted her head and looked at Andy excitedly. "We should take her someplace nice for dinner!"
They continued to talk for another half hour, about their daughter, about work, both of them carefully avoiding bringing up anything to do with their neighbors.
Eventually, Abbie's eyelids began to droop and Andy knew that she was spent. He pulled her close, spooning her body with his, wrapping his arm around her waist, and pressing his lips to the curve of her neck.
"Get some sleep," he whispered.
She sighed softly, her body relaxing into his.
"I love you," she mumbled. It was the first time she had said that to him in days.
Ever since his wife's lapse in judgment at their neighbor's, she had been distant and reserved.  There had been some amazing nights, last night being the most intense so far, but most days Andy felt like they were both walking on eggshells as they tried to conceal their respective secrets.
He thought perhaps some time with Katie was just what they needed to take their minds off of everything and refocus on each other. The thought made him smile and he drifted off feeling more relaxed than he had in weeks.
Dinner the following night with Katie was a welcome distraction for both Andy and Abbie.  They laughed and caught up on what was going on in Katie's life at school.  Her grades were steady and she was enjoying most of her courses. One of her profs was 'an old perv', as she put it. Turns out he was likely only a few years older than Andy.  Funny how you never see yourself as old as your kids see you, he thought.
In spite of agreeing to ease off their drinking alcohol, they indulged in a glass of wine over dinner to celebrate Katie's being home.  It truly did feel like an uplifting celebration for Andy. Over the past few weeks his life had been turned upside down to an almost unimaginable degree.
He had done something stupid and inappropriate and was now being blackmailed. Then it spiralled out of control. He was sure his wife was cheating on him and he couldn't tell her he knew, nor even discourage it, per his neighbors threatening instructions.  And as if that wasn't enough, he was being manipulated by his neighbors to engage in or be a party to oddly degrading sexual acts he had never before considered.  Ones that he should have been downright disgusted by.
But in spite of all of that -- and it was a lot to wrap your head around -- he couldn't deny that his and Abbie's sex life had been more intense and exciting than it ever had. He had stumbled upon a side of his wife that had both thrilled and terrified him. The way she had seemingly surrendered to her impulses, even if it was by cheating on Andy, had ignited a fire in their marriage he couldn't have imagined.  What he really couldn't understand though, was why wasn't he more angry about it?
Sure, there were moments of intense jealousy, times when he could barely contain the rage he felt when he thought about his arrogant neighbor fucking his wife. When he thought about how she was essentially choosing her own sexual gratification at the risk of her marriage. But he just couldn't deny that the thought of Abbie submitting to another man behind his back turned him on in ways he just couldn't comprehend. He wished he understood why, it seemed absolutely absurd, but there it was. He felt so torn.
When they finished their dinner and returned to their house, Katie threw her bag to the side and headed for the kitchen. By the time Andy and Abbie entered she already had another bottle of red wine opened and was filling three glasses.
It was not lost on Andy that he and Abbie had just agreed to lay low on the alcohol for awhile.  But Katie handed them each their glass and Abbie showed no hesitation before accepting.  They retreated to the back deck to sit and enjoy the warm evening.
Katie asked about their new neighbors and Abbie and Andy exchanged a nervous glance, neither of them wanting to discuss the topic. Granted, neither of them would be able to tell her the truth about them anyhow, since Abbie didn't know that they were blackmailing Andy, and she didn't think Andy suspected her of sleeping with Dean. It all seemed so confusing.
"They're a fun couple I guess, adventurous I've heard," Abbie offered, trying to downplay her knowledge of the neighbors' sexual exploits.
"I see," Katie replied, certain that there was more to the story but not pushing it.  She was curious though, there was obviously something they weren't telling her.  She would find out somehow, she thought.
As they finished their wine, Andy excused himself to go to the bathroom.  Katie refilled their glasses, and both she and Abbie took another drink. The alcohol was starting to kick in, and Katie became braver. Now was her chance.
"So, seriously Mom, what are the neighbors really like?" she asked, arching an eyebrow.
Abbie shifted uncomfortably. "What do you mean?" she asked, although she knew very well what Katie was digging for.
"Come on, Mom," Katie said, rolling her eyes. "I'm not an idiot. I've heard the rumors about them. Sounds like they are.... a little wild." She winked at Abbie. "I think it would be exciting to live next door to a couple who are so open about their sexuality. It's rare to find people like that, who aren't afraid to just be themselves."
Abbie felt her cheeks flush as she thought about her encounters with Dean. She had been so turned on by not just his looks but his dominance. He knew what he wanted and he wasn't afraid to take it. She had felt powerless to resist him and even though she knew how wrong it was she had given in to her primal urges. The thought of it made her heart race.
Katie leaned forward, her eyes shining with excitement. "Mom, you must have heard some stories. What are they like?" she urged, her voice barely above a whisper.
"Katie," Abbie responded with a sigh, beginning to get annoyed. "There's nothing to tell. I mean, I barely know them."
"But you've met them, right?" Katie said, her voice dripping with excitement. "I know you're not telling me everything. I can see it in your eyes." She giggled, her eyes dancing.
"Jesus, I don't know, Katie," Abbie sounded exasperated with her daughter's probing.
She looked at her for several seconds unsure how to share her assessment of their neighbors.
"Fine," she relented. "Yes, they're attractive and certainly not afraid to be themselves, to say the least. And they're pretty open about their sexuality, which can be... intriguing, I suppose. I guess you could say they have a certain charisma. But that doesn't necessarily mean they're good people," she added quickly.
Katie's eyes widened with excitement. "Intriguing, huh?" she repeated, savoring the word. "How many times have you hung out with them?"
"I don't know, a couple I guess. They seem nice enough, but I wouldn't say I know them well," Abbie replied, hoping to end the conversation.
"Mom, you're blushing," Katie teased, grinning mischievously. "You like them, don't you?"
Abbie felt her cheeks grow even hotter. "No, I don't. I mean... yea, ok, they're nice enough. But I don't know them very well, I don't know that we have enough in common that we'd ever become close friends or anything like that."
Katie leaned back, revelling in her mom's discomfort.
"Well, you guys had better be careful. You may become better friends than you planned," she laughed, trying to get a rise out of her mother.
"What? Jesus, Katie! Don't be ridiculous," Abbie stammered, feeling her face turn red. "That's not your father and I. We are just... a boring old married couple," she added with a grin, taking a drink from her wine glass. She was feeling warm and a little lightheaded from the alcohol.
"What are we talking about?" Andy asked as he returned to the deck.
Abbie blushed even deeper, as if caught sharing secrets she shouldn't be sharing.
"Oh, nothing really, we were just talking about the neighbors," Abbie answered as casually as she could.
Katie chimed in, "Yeah, mom said you guys are thinking of becoming swingers," Katie laughed.
"Katie!" Andy and Abbie exclaimed in unison.
"Just kidding," she smirked, winking at Andy. "We were just discussing how cool it must be to live next to a couple like Dean and Jenna. I bet they have some fun stories to share."
Andy felt a surge of jealousy pour over him as he glanced at Abbie.  He could no longer deny there was a part of him extremely turned on by some of the things that had happened. But for some reason, hearing his daughter's curiosity about their neighbors while Andy was certain that Dean was fucking his wife behind his back made him feel deeply ashamed.
It was one thing to suspect his wife was cheating but it was another to think about how spineless his daughter would think he was if she knew he was aware of it and hadn't put a stop to it. That he was essentially allowing himself to be cuckolded. God, that was the first time that word had crossed his mind, but he guessed that's what he may have become, he thought.
"Yea, I've heard they're pretty... carefree," Andy said, shifting uncomfortably. "To each his own, I guess."
Andy and Abbie managed to steer the conversation away from their neighbors and after some further catching up, Katie eventually excused herself to bed. As she hugged them both goodnight, Andy tried to ignore the embarrassment he felt, as if there was some way Katie suspected her mother was cheating on him. It horrified him to imagine what she would think of him if she knew.
After she left, Andy took a long drink of his wine. Abbie picked up the bottle and poured the rest into her glass and they sat in awkward silence several minutes.
Finally, Abbie spoke up.
"It's nice to have her back, isn't it?" she asked.
Andy nodded. "Yeah, it really is. I miss our little girl," he replied, relieved at the change of topic. "It feels like she's grown up so fast."
Abbie nodded in agreement, smiling as she thought about their daughter.
"I know, right? It feels like just yesterday she was taking her first steps and now she's almost done with university."
"Yeah," he replied quietly. The silence stretched on for a moment, both of them lost in their own thoughts.
Finally, Abbie stood up and finished her last mouthful of wine.
"Ready for bed?" She asked with a smile.
Andy's heart skipped a beat at the thought of crawling into bed with his wife. Although he hadn't enjoyed hearing Katie go on about their neighbors, thinking about them had made him very horny. He set his empty glass down on the table and stood up, holding out his hand to her.
"Yeah, I am."
She took his hand and led Andy to their bedroom.
The following morning Andy woke before 7am. He had messaged work to say he was taking a few vacation days to spend time with his family, so there was no pressure on him to get up to go to the office.
He rolled over and watched Abbie sleeping peacefully, her soft breasts rising and falling with each even breath. She looked so serene and calm, a stark contrast to the less inhibited woman he had seen her become recently.
He smiled to himself, remembering how she had moaned as they made love last night. They had both been highly aroused by the time they'd gone to bed and the sex had been amazing.
He slipped out of bed careful not to wake her.
Downstairs, he made a pot of coffee and settled at the kitchen table. He still felt sexually charged from last night and his recollections of the antics with their neighbors over the past few weeks. He thought about Jenna and her tattooed body, firm and curvy. He imagined Dean with his wife, Abbie undeniably enjoying her first new cock in more than a decade. He couldn't help himself, he opened his web browser and brought up a site he had visited on more than one occasion.
He scrolled through the categories, looking for something that would excite him, something that related to the thoughts in his head. He settled on a video of a busty blonde being fucked by a younger muscular guy, while her supposed husband held her hand and watched in awe. It was low quality but that only made it feel all the more real.
As he watched, he found himself getting more and more turned on. He reached down and squeezed his erection through his pants, the pleasure building up inside of him. He shuffled his chair closer to the table, making sure that on the off chance anyone did wake up this early and come into the kitchen, they would not see the tent in his pants.
As he watched the video, thoughts of Abbie and Dean fucking drifted through his mind. He could almost hear the sound of her moans, the way her body moved and buckled beneath Dean's powerful thrusts.
He was about to get up and retreat to the bathroom to get himself off when he heard footsteps padding softly down the stairs. He quickly removed his hand from his lap and slammed his laptop closed.
He casually took a drink of his coffee as Katie entered the kitchen.
"Morning, Katie," he said, his voice steady despite the erection that tented his pants under the table.
Katie rubbed the sleep from her eyes.
"Morning, Dad. Ugh, I'm starving, just going to make some breakfast."
Andy nodded, watching as his daughter moved around the kitchen with ease. She was an adult now, but it still felt strange to see her making breakfast in their kitchen in her pajamas.
"So any thoughts on what to do today?" Katie asked, pouring herself a cup of coffee. She added a splash of creamer and took a cautious sip.
"I'm not sure but I think your mother had some ideas," Andy replied.
As if on cue, Abbie joined them in the kitchen, yawning and stretching.
"Good morning," she said, smiling at them both.
Her hair was disheveled and her eyes were still heavy with sleep, but she looked relaxed and content. Andy's smiled at the sight of her.
"Morning, hun," he said, feeling his face heat up as he remembered the explicit video he had been watching just moments before. He imagined it was Abbie in the video, being ravaged by another man while he held her hand and it made his cock throb under the table. He shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts.
Abbie poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down next to her husband.
"So, Katie how about we do a little shopping today? My treat," she suggested, her voice light and cheerful.
"Heck yea," Katie responded quickly. "You know, retail therapy always makes me feel better. Especially when someone else is paying," she laughed.
"Ok, its settled then," she said, smiling at her daughter warmly.
"What about you, Dad? Feel like wandering aimlessly from store to store for a few hours and carrying our bags?" Katie teased.
"Noooooo, thank you!" He chuckled, getting up to refill his coffee mug. "I think I will pass,"
"Well, suit yourself," Katie laughed.
They sat talking for several minutes more before Abbie finally got up.
"OK, I'm going to shower. How about we plan to leave in an hour?" She looked at Katie.
"Sounds good," she answered.
"OK, I'm going to take my laptop into the office and get a bit of work done." Andy said, folding his laptop under one arm and grabbing his coffee.
Katie nodded, watching curiously as her father left the room. She couldn't shake the feeling that something was up with him. She hoped it wasn't anything serious. Since she'd been home the dynamic between her parents had seemed different somehow. She wasn't sure how, exactly, nor could she say it was good or bad. It was just... different.
She looked out the glass door to the deck and saw the sun shining bright so she refilled her coffee and went outside to wait for her mother.  She eased herself into one of the lounger chairs and stared at the fence that separated their backyard from their neighbors.
She couldn't help but feel curious about Dean and Jenna. Thoughts of their less than traditional lifestyle was some much needed distraction from her upcoming exams. She knew it was silly to be so nosy, but she felt a shiver of excitement run down her spine as she thought about them. Although she didn't know them other than stories she'd heard, just thinking about her neighbors' unconventional relationship made her curious.
She got up and walked over to the fence that separated their yards.  She thought she heard voices but couldn't see anything so she walked the length of the fence and cautiously opened the gate, careful not to spill her coffee.
"Hey there," Jenna greeted her from a chair beside their pool.
"Hi, back," Katie replied. "I thought I'd come by and introduce myself," she said, feeling a rush of nerves and excitement. "I'm Katie, Andy and Abbie's daughter."
"Hi, Katie," Jenna said warmly, standing up to greet her. "Nice to meet you. I've heard a lot about you from your proud parents. I'm Jenna, and this is my husband, Dean."
Dean stood up from his chair with a wide smile and gave Katie a hug. She could feel how his arms totally enveloped her small body, pressing her breasts against his chest and she felt a tingle course through her. He let go of her and she stood there blushing, unsure what to say.
"Why don't you join us? I'd offer you a coffee, but looks like you brought your own," He smiled.
Katie took a seat and sipped on her coffee.  God, they were both beautiful, she thought. Jenna was stunning, in a sexy bad girl kind of way. The numerous tattoos adorning her body but in a tasteful way; the piercings; the messy but stylish hair; and all wrapped up in a bikini that struggled to contain her large perfect tits and round ass. No question, this woman screamed sexuality.
Dean was different. Unlike Jenna's edgier look, Dean had a more polished appearance. His hair was impeccably styled, his body taut with muscle that rippled beneath his designer swimwear. And he looked what Katie thought of as movie-star handsome.
So these were her parents' notorious neighbors,  she thought.
"Jenna and Dean, the new neighbors," Katie mused, then blushed at how it must have sounded.
Jenna giggled. "Yep, that's us." She leaned back and took a drag off of her cigarette, looking Katie over.
Fuck, now that's a girl that makes smoking look sexy, Katie thought to herself. She couldn't deny the dirty thrill she got from being so close to the couple who had become notorious among her parents' social circle.
Jenna grinned mischievously.
"You know Katie," Jenna said, looking her over. "You look a lot like your mom. Don't you think so, Dean?" Jenna asked, her eyes twinkling with mischief.
"I see it too, no question." he answered.
Katie's face grew bright red as they both looked at her in a way that made her feel naked.
"Oh, come on," Katie said, shifting uncomfortably in her seat. "I don't look anything like my mom. I mean, she's kind of.... old."
Jenna raised an eyebrow.
"Old?" she laughed, taking another drag of her cigarette and blowing out a long plume of smoke. "Oh Katie, your mom isn't old at all. She's a very sexy woman. She's in her prime, my dear."
Katie's face grew even redder, if that was possible. It sounded odd hearing strangers talk about her mom in that way. But at the same time, she couldn't deny that the idea of her mom being considered sexy made her feel oddly proud. She had always thought of her mom as just that - mom. She knew how pretty she was but had never really thought of her as sexy.
Jenna could see the embarrassment on Katie's face, and she knew she had hit a nerve. She smiled wickedly and took another drag of her cigarette.
"I'm just saying, your mom is a very attractive woman. And you, my dear, look a lot like her. Take it as a compliment, trust me," Jenna said.
Katie felt a shiver run down her spine.
"Well, I mean, I guess so," she said, taking another sip of coffee. "Thanks."
Katie considered herself confident and articulate around others, but for some reason she felt uncharacteristically intimidated around Jenna and Dean.
"So, what do you have planned while you're back home?" Jenna asked, flicking the ash from her cigarette into the grass.
"Nothing much, really. Just spending time with my parents. I'm just here for a few days. I need to get back for exams by the start of next week." She said with a sigh.
"Ah, university. Those were fun times!" Dean said, raising his coffee in a mock toast.
"Yea, I guess so. Lot's of work too though." Katie laughed, taking a sip of her now cold coffee. She looked at her phone to check the time.
"Well, I'd better get going. Going to do some shopping with my mom today," Katie said, standing up and stretching.
Dean's gaze lingered on Katie's body as she stretched, her tank top riding up to reveal a hint of her toned stomach.
"It was nice meeting you, Katie," he said, smiling his beautiful smile.
Katie returned the smile, feeling her heart race. God he really was hot.
"You too," she said, before turning to Jenna. "It was really nice meeting you, Jenna."
"You too, Katie. Hey, if you get bored later, you should come by tonight. Dean is having a few guys over to play poker, so I could use some female company," Jenna said, winking at Katie as she finished her smoke.
"Yea, maybe," she replied, as she left their yard. "Thanks for the invite."
She wasn't sure what she'd expected going next door, naked people running around and having sex in the pool, perhaps?  They were definitely an attractive couple, but they didn't seem like the sex maniacs that Katie had built up in her mind.  They seemed really nice, actually.
Maybe behind closed doors they were a bit wild for her parents' taste, but then again, that was probably part of what drew her to them. They represented a lot of things she wanted to be - bold, confident, and sexual.
Maybe she would stop by later for a drink, she thought.  She imagined the stories that Jenna could tell and her heart raced. Yes, she would definitely like to get to know her better, she thought as she opened the sliding door to her parent's house.
Spending the day with her mom had been a lot of fun. School and work had kept her busy all semester and she really did miss her parents, so their shopping spree was a welcome change of pace.
She felt a bit guilty about how much money her mom had spent on her, but she had picked out a few outfits she was really excited about. They were a bit more risque than what she typically wore and she wondered if it was her encounter with the neighbors that morning that had her feeling a bit more adventurous in her shopping choices.
They had a nice dinner at home and then decided to watch a movie together.  Katie had a couple of glasses of wine as they enjoyed a cheesy comedy that her father seemed to find much funnier than she and her mother did. She felt distracted throughout though, trying to decide whether she would take Jenna up on her offer to stop by tonight.
By the end of the movie she was feeling the effects of the wine. Her parents said they were going to turn in early and Katie wasn't surprised. They seemed really flirty with each other all evening and Katie tried not to think of what they might be be doing once they left.
She poured herself another glass of wine and went out onto the deck.  It was another beautiful night. She scrolled through her phone checking messages and was surprised to see one from someone she had met at a party a couple of weeks ago. He had been good looking and Katie remembered getting pretty drunk and even considered hooking up with him.  She'd given him her number but he later disappeared from the party and she assumed she wouldn't hear from him again.
She responded to his text, the wine perhaps making her responses a bit flirty.
Soon, they were full blown sexting, and Katie couldn't help but feel a surge of excitement wash over her.
As she sat there, staring out into the darkness, she felt herself getting turned on. Her thoughts found their way to Dean and his piercing blue eyes and muscular build. She imagined he and Jenna having sex next door and it made her blush.
She stood up and went back inside to refill her glass of wine, her mind made up.
She crossed the back yard, opened the gate and was surprised to see Jenna sitting outside by herself.
"Hi," Katie said as she approached her.
Jenna looked up and smiled.
"Hey there. I'm glad you could make it. Have a seat," she said, patting the empty chair next to her.
Katie sat down and leaned back in her chair.
"I hope its ok that I came by, I know its late" she said, taking a sip of her wine.
Jenna nodded. "Of course, I'm glad you took me up on the offer. And this, my dear, is not late."
Loud shouting and laughing came from within the house and Jenna rolled her eyes and smiled.
"A lot of testosterone in there," she laughed. "But it's okay, they're all pretty easy on the eyes," she winked at Katie.
Katie and Jenna chatted and laughed for more than an hour. Jenna had brought out another bottle of wine and had topped up Katie's glass at least a couple of times, before grabbing her pack of cigarettes from the table in front of them.
"Want one?" she offered, holding the pack out to Katie.
Katie hesitated for a moment. She had in fact only smoked a couple of times, both when she was really drunk. She thought about how sexy Jenna made it look and shrugged, reaching out to take a cigarette from the pack. Jenna lit it for her, and Katie took a puff, trying to supress the cough that threatened to escape her throat.
Jenna's giggle brought Katie back to the present, and she couldn't help but already feel a sense of comradery with this woman. She seemed so different from anyone Katie had ever met before, and in spite of their age difference, she thought maybe they could turn out to be friends.
Just then the door slid open and Dean stood before them.
"Hey babe," he grinned at Jenna, then turned to Katie.  "Katie, glad you made it over. I like your outfit." he said, his eyes sweeping over Katie's body. She had changed out of her jeans and plain t-shirt into a tight, low-cut top that drew attention to her cleavage paired with a casual summer skirt.
"Thank you," Katie replied, feeling her face heat up under his gaze. "I, uh, wasn't sure what to wear."
"Well, damn fine choice," Dean grinned.
Katie took another drag as he stared at her, and hoped she looked half as sexy as his wife when she smoked. She forced herself to exhale slowly and confidently as she nervously pushed her hair behind her ear.
She could sense Dean's gaze lingering on her for a moment longer before he excused himself to go back inside. Katie let out a sigh of relief and leaned back in her chair, taking another sip of her wine.
She felt a sudden warmth spread through her body and as she shifted in her seat she suddenly realized her panties felt wet.
"Are you okay, Katie?" Jenna asked.
Katie nodded, and took another drag from her cigarette, hoping her nervous body language while talking with Dean had been noticed by Jenna. She wasn't sure why she'd gotten so turned on by just a few minutes conversation with him, but she felt like a teenage girl crushing on some older guy that was out of her league.
"Yeah, I'm...I'm fine," Katie stuttered, trying to force herself to breathe normally. "Just a little light headed. It's been awhile since I've had a cigarette."
Katie took another puff, letting the smoke fill her lungs before slowly releasing it.
Jenna leaned back in her chair, her eyes on Katie's every move.
"Well for what it's worth, you look pretty hot when you smoke," said Jenna, taking a long drag of her own cigarette.
"Umm, thanks," Katie said, blushing at the compliment from Jenna.
Suddenly, Jenna grabbed her drink and stood up. She reached out and took Katie's hand, pulling her up from her chair.
"Let's go inside and see if the boys are behaving themselves, shall we?" Jenna said with a wink.
Katie nodded and crushed out her cigarette, feeling a surge of excitement at seeing Dean again. She followed Jenna into the house, her heart pounding in her chest.
As they entered the living room, Katie saw just Dean and one of his buddies left laughing and talking.
"Where is everyone?" Jenna asked, looking around the room.
"They got tired of losing, so they left," Dean's buddy laughed.  "Hey, I'm Chris." he stood and extended his hand to Katie.
"Katie," she said, nervously brushing a strand of hair from her face.
This guy was a specimen, she thought and felt an immediate tingle underneath her skirt.  She guessed he was considerably older than her, probably in his early 30's like Jenna and Dean. He was around the same height as Dean, but broader shouldered and obviously spent a lot of time at the gym.
His sandy brown hair was tousled in a way that made him look both carefree and wild. Katie's eyes zeroed in on his muscular arms, and she couldn't help but stare as he moved closer to her.
"Nice to meet you, Chris," Katie managed, trying to keep her cool.
"Have a seat, ladies," Dean said.
Jenna sat on Deans lap and gave him a kiss. Katie walked to the sofa and sat down in the seat next to Chris. She crossed her legs and took a sip of her wine, hoping she didn't look nearly as nervous as she felt.
They talked and laughed for some time, Katie eventually feeling more relaxed in no small part due to the alcohol. She and Chris flirted with one another, subtly at first, but more blatantly the drunker they got.
Chris's jokes made Katie laugh, and soon she found herself leaning in closer to him, as they bantered back and forth. She could feel his leg pressing against hers and the heat between them was palpable.
As they continued to talk, Jenna's gaze shifted between them, watching with intent interest. She stood up and announced she was going to get more wine.
"I'll join you," Dean said, getting up from his chair. He took one last look at Katie before disappearing into the kitchen with Jenna.
Chris wasted no time, leaning in and pressing his lips against Katie's. She responded eagerly, parting her lips and allowing his tongue to explore her mouth. She could feel his hands roaming over her body, squeezing her breasts and roughly rubbing his thumb over her nipples through her thin top.
Katie moaned softly, her hand finding its way to his hard cock. She rubbed and squeezed it through his jeans, gasping at how big it felt.
Before long, Dean and Jenna returned from the kitchen, interupting their makeout session. Katie pulled back, embarrassed at being caught making out with some guy she'd just met.
"Can I use your bathroom?" she asked, standing up and steadying herself.
"Sure, just down the hall," Jenna offered.
Once inside, Katie took a moment to compose herself, looking at her reflection in the mirror. Her eyes were bright and glossy with lust, and her lips were swollen from their makeout session. She took a deep breath, trying to clear her mind, but thoughts of Chris and the way his strong hands felt on her body only served to make her desire grow stronger. Was she really going to do this? she thought. She just met this guy and he was much older than her. Would they think she was a slut?
She took a moment longer to check her appearance, fluffing her short blond hair and applying a fresh coat of lip gloss. Fuck it, she thought and reached for the bathroom door.
As she walked down the hall, she could hear the sound of laughter and music coming from the living room. She paused for a moment to gather her thoughts, before taking a deep breath and rejoining the others. Dean and Jenna were whispering and kissing in one of the chairs. She looked toward the kitchen and saw Chris was standing at the small bar in the corner, pouring himself a drink. She walked over to him and placed a hand on his arm.
"Hey," she said, smiling seductively.
Chris looked over at her and smiled. "Hey yourself, gorgeous. You okay?" He asked with a charming smile.
Katie nodded. "Yeah, I'm good. I just needed a moment."
Chris handed her a drink and placed a hand on the small of her back, pulling her close.
She could feel his erection pressing against her, and she couldn't help but let out a soft gasp.
"I've been thinking about this since I laid eyes on you," Chris whispered in her ear, his hot breath making her shiver with pleasure.
"Have you now?" Katie asked, looking up at him with a sexy smile.
Chris nodded. "Ever since I saw you walk in here tonight. Dean told me you were hot but he didn't say you were this hot."
Katie felt a thrill wash over her, excited that Dean had told Chris about her. She pressed her body closer to his, feeling the heat between them ignite. Chris's hand snaked down to her ass, squeezing her firm cheek and pulling her even closer.
"You like that?" He whispered in her ear.
Katie moaned in response, arching her back and grinding her hips against him.
"I think you do," he said, running a hand through her blonde hair and pulling her head back, exposing her neck. He trailed kisses down her throat, making her shiver with pleasure.
"Hold that thought," he said, pulling away from her. "I'm have to run to the bathroom.  Be right back."
Katie watched as Chris disappeared down the ahll, feeling a mixture of anticipation and excitement.
She turned to the bar and topped up her drink, trying to steady her nerves. She couldn't believe what was happening. She'd obviously had sex before but not with someone so much older and probably not with anyone that good looking.
As she set her glass down on the bar, she heard someone behind her and turned to see Dean standing inches in front of her.
He had a smoldering look in his eyes as he stepped closer to her. Katie's heart raced, her breath hitched, and she couldn't help but feel this magnetic pull towards him.
Dean towered over her, making her feel small and vulnerable. He reached out and lightly ran a finger across her cheek, his touch sending shivers down her spine.
"Hi Katie," Dean said, his voice low and confident.
Katie's cheeks grew warm, and before she could resist, Dean grabbed the back of her head and kissed her hard.  Katie was shocked.  Her body tensed and she put her hands against his chest, fully intending to push him away. Her head was spinning from the alcohol and Dean's sudden pass at her caught her off guard.  She knew she had to stop this before either Chris or Jenna came in.
"Wait," she whispered, breaking the kiss and pressing her hands against his chest. "This isn't right. We shouldn't be doing this."
Dean just grinned at her and kissed her again, grabbing a handful of her breast in his strong hands.  Katie moaned.  She thought she heard Chris and Jenna talking and laughing in the living room and knew they were going to get caught if she didn't stop this.
Dean finally broke their kiss and smiled at Katie. She looked at him and thought she may pass out from how turned on she was.
"We'll finish this another time," he said with a wink as he pulled himself away from her and walked back towards the living room.
Katie leaned against the kitchen counter, trying to catch her breath and let her heart rate settle.  What the fuck just happened, she thought. She heard a playful chuckle from Chris as he came back into the room.
"Sorry I took so long," He grinned. "Did you miss me?" Chris asked, coming up behind Katie and wrapping his arms around her waist.
"Yes," Katie replied, turning around and pressing herself against him. She felt disoriented by what had just transpired.
She could feel the outline of his cock pressing against her through his jeans. She had never kissed two guys just minutes apart and she felt her entire body tingle with desire.  She needed to get fucked. Badly.
Katie realized how turned on she was, her panties feeling soaked as Chris manhandled her firm breasts. She was dizzy with lust, her mind clouded with thoughts of Dean and Chris and even Jenna. She couldn't believe what she was doing, how reckless and free she felt.
Chris didn't waste any time. He grabbed Katie's ass and lifted her up onto the kitchen counter, sliding her skirt up around her waist. Katie instinctively wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him closer to her.
He lifted her seamlessly from the counter and started down the hallway, as Katie tightened her arms and legs around him. She breathed in his musky cologne and kissed his neck, feeling his stubble on her face. His rigid cock pressed through his jeans and rubbed against her mound.
Chris pushed opened a bedroom door and gently laid Katie down on the queen-size bed, leaving wet marks from her silky panties on the front of his pants.
"God, you're so fucking hot," he panted as he dove between Katie's legs, pulling her underwear to the side and plunging his tongue inside of her.
Katie moaned louder as Chris's tongue explored her slick wetness, teasing her clit before licking up and down her folds.
She grasped onto his short sandy brown hair, tangling her fingers as she arched her hips and grinded against his mouth. Her legs trembled as he licked and sucked her wet folds, bringing her closer to the edge of release.
She gasped as Chris pushed two fingers inside of her and began to pump them in and out, as he attacked her clit with his tongue. Katie moaned, her breath hitching as she let her head fall back onto the pillow.
She could feel her orgasm building up inside of her, tightening every single muscle in her body. She grasped his hair tighter and whispered his name as she came undone, her body shaking with pleasure.
Chris didn't let up, he kept sucking and finger-fucking her as she came, making her orgasm last even longer. She could barely breathe as he finally pulled his mouth away from her sensitive clit, gently kissing the insides of her thighs.
Katie lay back on the pillows, panting heavily, her chest heaving as she tried to catch her breath. She had never experienced anything like that before. It was like her body had been taken over by a wild animal and she had been helpless to resist.
Chris looked up at her with a confident smile on his face, like he had just conquered a new land. He stood up and slipped his pants and underwear off, revealing a hard, thick cock that was already glistening with pre-cum.
Katie couldn't help but stare at it, mesmerized by its size and stiffness. She had never seen one that big and she suddenly felt like every guy she'd ever been with had been mere boys. This person in front of her was all man.
He climbed onto the bed and crawled between her legs, spreading them wide apart with his hands. Katie shivered as he leaned down and kissed her neck, his stubble chaffing her soft skin.
She could feel his hot breath on her ear as he whispered: "You're so fucking wet. Are you ready for me to fuck you, Katie?" Chris murmured in her ear.
Katie's inhaled deeply as she nodded, unable to find her voice.
Chris positioned himself at her entrance and slowly slid into her, not stopping until he had fully buried himself inside her. Katie gasped as she felt his thick cock fill her up, stretching her to the limit. She wrapped her legs around his waist, not wanting him to pull even an inch of that huge cock from her pussy. He began to move faster, his hips thrusting against hers. Each thrust sent waves of pleasure crashing through Katie's body, making her cry out with each stroke.
She could feel an orgasm building up inside of her once again, and she knew that she was close. Before she could get there, Chris rolled over, pulling Katie on top of him.  She straddled his thighs and put her hands on his chest as he slid back inside her.
"Fuck, you're so damn tight," Chris gritted, reaching up to fondle her breasts through the thin fabric of her shirt.
Katie leaned over him, her hips grinding down as she pressed her breasts into his hands. She moaned as she felt Chris pluck at her nipples, sending sparks of pleasure straight to her core.
She closed her eyes and rode him harder, her movements becoming more desperate as her orgasm rushed closer and closer.  She could hear Chris' sounds of pleasure underneath her and smiled knowing it was because of her.
As Chris moaned beneath her Katie opened her eyes and gasped at the sight in front of her.  There, leaning against the doorway just a few feet in front of her was Dean.
Katie froze, uncertain what to do. Should she cover herself? Stop altogether, and shout at Dean to leave? Before she could do any of those Chris reached to grab her hips and thrust his hips upward, burying himself even deeper inside of her.  Katie let out a gasp, and turned her eyes back to the man beneath her. As she struggled with what to do she realized she had began to move her hips again, caught up in the sensation of his cock gliding in and out of her. She'd never done anything like this before but she decided the thought of being watched suddenly excited her.
Katie continued to ride Chris, leaning back so that Dean could get a full view of her firm young body. Chris seemed completely unaware of Dean's presence.  Even if he had opened his eyes, the doorway was behind his head and completely out of his line of site. His groans became louder, oblivious to their spectator.
Katie pulled her shirt over her head and threw it toward the doorway, letting go and suddenly relishing the thought of putting on a show for Dean. He nodded his approval, giving her a satisfied grin as she reached behind her back and unclasped her bra, letting it drop beside her.
She felt her breasts spill out, her nipples hardening from the cool air in the room. She heard Dean's breath catch as he watched her, his eyes dark and stormy with desire.  Katie knew she was attractive and she had always thought her breasts were one of her best features.  In spite of their large size on her small frame they were extremely firm and perky, even for a young woman her age. She revelled in Dean's obvious appreciation for them as they bounced free.
Just when Katie thought things couldn't get more sureal, Dean slid his shorts down slightly, setting his cock free. She couldn't help but stare, the way it stood straight up in all its splendor, thick and veiny. She could see the tip glisten with precum, evidence of is arousal from watching her. She closed her eyes and leaned forward, providing him with a better angle to watch her breasts bounce and sway with each thrust onto Chris.
"God, you're so fucking hot," Chris grunted.
Katie moaned, her head tipping backwards, and her hips grinding down on Chris's cock with a raw hungry need. She heard a noise from the doorway and opened her eyes again, eager to see the pleasure on Dean's face.  Once again she was stunned by what she saw.
Jenna had joined her husband and stood partially behind him, her breasts pressed on either side of his muscular arm.  She had her hand on Dean's cock and was stroking it slowly as she watched Katie on top of Dean's friend.  She gave Katie a mischievous smile.
Katie had never considered herself anything close to being a slut, but in that moment that was the only word that came to mind that properly described how she felt. This was certainly what she would consider slutty. Getting drunk at her neighbors house and fucking their friend just hours after meeting him wasn't something she would have believed she was capable of.  But having her neighbors actually watch her do it was something else entirely. Yet, she realized she didn't care, right now it made her feel powerful and free, and she felt sure neither Jenna nor Dean were the type to judge her for her behavior.
As she continued to ride Chris, she saw Jenna's hand moving faster on Dean's cock. It was perhaps the sexiest thing Katie had ever seen.
"Oh God, I'm going to cum," Katie panted, her body shaking with pleasure.
Chris's hands went to her hips, holding her down as he continued to pound into her.
Katie's eyes fluttered shut as her orgasm tore through her body, making her entire being shake with pleasure. A series of short loud cries escaped her as the indescribable pleasure washed over her.
She forced her eyes open to see Jenna and Dean still staring at her as her face contorted with pure ecstasy. She didn't care, it felt too good to stop.  Jenna was now stroking his shaft faster and the look on Dean's face suggested he was getting close.
Chris's thrusts faltered as Katie's pussy clenched around his dick.
"Fuuuck," he groaned loudly, "I'm gonna cum soon."
Katie felt sexier and more in control than she had ever felt.  She looked up and locked eyes with Dean, her tits bouncing up and down in rhythmic motion as she rode his friend. She saw the desire burn in his gaze and she reveled in it. She gave him a seductive smile and bit her lip.
"I want you to cum for me, baby," she breathed, her voice full of lust. She knew Chris would assume she was talking to him but her attention was fully on Dean as he neared his own climax.
She carefully pulled herself off of Chris' cock and slid down his hips a few inches, still straddling his legs and grabbed his slick throbbing cock in her hand.  She began to stroke hard and fast, their juices making squishing noises as she did.  Her eyes never left Dean's.  She could see he was nearing the edge.
"Oh, fuck!" Chris yelled, thrusting his hips up to meet Katie's hand as he came hard.
His entire body shuddered, his fingers digging into the sheets on either side of him as the first stream of cum landed on Katie's left breast. The next hit her in the abdomen before the remainder of his thick, warm cum flowed from his tip and over Katie's small hand.
Katie moaned softly as she watched, her mouth hanging open slightly at the sight of his orgasm. She looked up in time to see Dean's head tilt back as Jenna continued stroking furiously.  A long stream of cum spurted from his cock and landed on the floor in front of them.  Jenna continued to milk her husband until she coaxed every last drop out.
Katie sat on top of Chris, naked and chest heaving as she wiped the cum from her hand onto the sheets. Chris still laid beneath her his eyes closed and trying to catch his breath. She could see the look of pure satisfaction on Dean's face, as Jenna let go of his shrinking cock.  She smiled at Katie and put one of her cum covered fingers in her mouth and sucked gently.
Katie slid off Chris, barely able to control her shaky legs as she stood up from the bed. She felt the cool air hit her bare skin, sending shivers down her spine as she watched Dean and Jenna disappear from sight.
"I gotta go," she said to Chris, as she quickly pulled on her clothes.
Chris let out a big sigh and before he could say anything else, Katie made a quick escape out the glass exterior door leading to the yard. She rushed across the lawn and made her way back to her parent's house, her mind still reeling with pleasure and excitement.
After stumbling into her room, she collapsed onto her bed and let out a deep sigh. Her head was reeling from the alcohol and she took several seconds to try to stop the room from spinning. She couldn't believe what had just happened. She had never done anything like that before. She closed her eyes and let the memories wash over her, reliving every moment of pleasure and excitement.
She couldn't believe how fearless she had been, fucking some older guy just hours after meeting him while his friends watched in the doorway. What had gotten into her?  Was she really that drunk? It was like she had become a completely different person.
As she lay in bed, unable to sleep, she thought about Chris and how she enjoyed riding his cock, but what was really consuming her thoughts was Jenna giving her husband a handjob while they watched Katie fucking.  It didn't even sound real in her own head.  It was like something out of porn, not real life.
She started to feel a bit embarassed and wondered if she would be able to face them again.  She calculated in her head that she only had 3 days left to try to avoid them before she headed back to school.  She could manage that, she supposed.  If that was what she really wanted.
Just then she heard her phone ping, notifying her of a text message.  She thought of the guy from school that she'd been sexting with earlier and felt bad.  She had kind of left him hanging once she went next door.
She squinted in the dark trying to focus on the bright phone screen.  It was from a number she wasn't familiar with.
"Hey, its Jenna," it read.  Katie's heart raced.  She couldn't remember giving Jenna her number, but she guessed she must have.
"Chris left me his phone number, if you're interested. He said he had a great time. Wanna grab a drink with me sometime? xox Jenna"
Katie's heart raced. She looked up at the ceiling, biting her bottom lip.  Should she respond?  What should she say?
"Ok, sure," she sent back.
She had assumed it would be uncomfortable between her and Jenna after tonight.  And with Dean.  She certainly hadn't expected Jenna to reach out to her so quickly as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened at all.
Katie tried to suppress a giggle as she thought about the outrageous scene that had unfolded a short time ago. And she was the star, she thought, this time laughing out loud. She stared at her phone, anticipating Jenna's response, praying she wouldn't make a big deal about what had happened tonight.
"Great. Tomorrow night? I know a cool place downtown. Chic and classy, my kind of vibe. lol." Jenna wrote.
Katie felt short of breath.  She was flattered that someone like Jenna seemed excited to spend time with her but wondered how they would both feel once they were sober. Would they be uncomfortable around each other?
"Ok, that sounds good," Katie wrote back quickly.
She suddenly couldn't wait to see Jenna again, feeling drawn to this mysterious and sexually liberal woman.
There was no response from Jenna for several minutes and in spite of her exhaustion, Katie felt a hint of disappointment that their exchange was ending already.  Just as she was about to set her phone on the nightstand a new message pinged on her phone.
She opened it up immediately.
"By the way," it read. "Dean said to tell you he enjoyed tonight. He said you really do remind him of your mom." It was followed by a wink and kiss emoji.
Katie's heart raced as she read the message. She felt a surge of excitement wash over her, remembering Dean's eyes on her as she rode his friend. They'd seen her naked, fucking some guy and then jerking cum all over herself. It was insane, she thought.
But what did Dean mean that she really reminded him of her mom? That seemed like a really strange thing to say. How could anything about Katie tonight remind him of her mother? Why would he even mention that? It seemed so bizarre, so random. She thought for some time about it but eventually concluded she was reading too much into it.
She bit her lip, not sure how to respond.  Eventually she decided to play along and to try her best to sound confident and unphased.
She typed back "Thanks. Glad he enjoyed the show." with a wink emoji and after pausing for several seconds, finally hit send.