After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
Emily and Madison were on their second drinks at the bar when the first command came.
"'Sit', 7GQA9E," a man commanded as he walked straight up to Emily.
She looked up into his face. He had a pleasant smile and obviously liked what he saw, so she was happy to oblige. Returning his smile, she got down into the squat position with her knees wide open and her fingers laced behind her neck. She knew her pussy lips would be open in this position and hoped that he noticed. He did. His eyes travelled hungrily up and down her naked and splayed body.
"Kneel' and 'Open', 7GQA9E," he requested, still smiling.
Emily dropped down onto her knees and opened her mouth. This was it. It was time to give 'the gift' and see if it felt different out here in the wild.
He unzipped and presented himself. He was already rock hard. She took him into her mouth, slowly at first, sensing his movements, feeling his arousal. It felt good to do this. Then she allowed him fully into her throat, so her nose and lips pressed against his pubic bone. Then she withdrew again and allowed her tongue to massage his glans. She wanted this to be the best blowjob he ever had. His knees buckled slightly which made her smile again. He was receiving her gift and it was bringing him pleasure. The pub was noisy, but she heard his low moans above it all. He was breathing much faster now.
"Holy fuck! Is that the captain?"
She recognised the voice, but it didn't matter now. All that mattered was this man's pleasure.
"Yes, she's a perfect little trained slut now, didn't you know? I'll call her over when she's done, and you can see for yourself."
That was Collingwood's voice, but she chose to ignore it. She was giving the gift. If anything, it excited her to know that they were all here and watching her.
"Holy fuck! I never thought I'd see her like this!"
Suddenly she felt the man's penis harden even more. He was about to cum, so she allowed him deep into her throat again, moving her head back and forth, taking his full length in and out. She felt him pulsating and his semen spurting deep into her throat. She swallowed rhythmically in time with him until the throbbing gradually eased, and then slowly withdrew as he softened.
"Oh, my goodness!" the man exclaimed, obviously pleased by what he'd just experienced. "You are incredible!"
"Thank you, kind sir," Emily replied with a smile.
It had worked! While self-disgust and humiliation were still very much present, she wasn't overwhelmed by them this time. She felt like she was doing something nice for someone, and it was something he appreciated, and she'd felt pleasure in doing it! Lots of pleasure! Was she actually thinking like an Earth 2 woman now?
After the man left, she remembered Collingwood and turned to see where he was. Her whole crew was present, and they were looking straight at her. Collingwood waved her over. The old Emily would have wanted to die rather than have her crew see her like this, but now she realised she felt calm about it. Perhaps even excited. It was all now out there in the open. Nothing to be ashamed about and try to keep hidden anymore. She wasn't doing anything wrong, after all.
"Hey team, how are we all going tonight?" she asked with a smile as she approached them.
"Captain! Oh my God, you're naked," Norris exclaimed, stating the obvious. "And you don't have any pubes!"
"Well done, Norris," Emily replied, trying to smile as pleasantly as possible. "Can't get anything past you!"
"That's not all. Watch this, guys," Collingwood chipped in. "'Sit', 7GQA9E."
Emily got into the position, retaining her smile even though the way the guys were carrying on she knew they were really unlikely to give her any reward for her effort. The reward was all hers. She was giving the gift of her body and knew they would enjoy it even if they were acting like jerks right now.
"Holy fuck, Captain!" Jenkins added while holding his hand in front of his face and trying to look away.
"C'mon, Jenkins, old boy," Collingwood urged. "This is your opportunity to get some action. You've held out this long. You must be bursting by now. Here's your chance to have the captain. We've all wanted her. 7GQA9E, 'Kneel' and 'Open'."
Emily got down onto her knees and opened her mouth, smiling with her eyes towards Jenkins. She didn't think he would take the opportunity, but it was her chance to give the gift to him if he wanted it. The old Emily would have been completely mortified to be naked in front of her crew and offering herself like this, but she was an Earth 2 woman now.
"Oh, come on, guys," Jenkins responded. "You know I'm a married man."
"Go for it, Jenkins. We won't tell," Collingwood assured him. "What happens on Earth 2 stays on Earth 2, and the captain won't mind. Look at her. She's in slut-heaven right now."
Emily could tell they were all quite drunk, especially Collingwood. He could be a pig at times, but this was well beyond anything she'd experienced from him before. It seemed that he was angry with her and wanted to punish her. Why? That wasn't her problem right now, though. She was giving the gift, and these guys wanted it.
"Oh, I really shouldn't, guys," Jenkins added, obviously starting to feel some peer pressure.
"Well, if you don't, I will," Collingwood decided, stepping up and undoing his trousers.
Moments later she had his penis right in her face. While she hadn't expected this from Collingwood, she obediently leaned forward and took him into her mouth, massaging it with her tongue, feeling it harden in her mouth. She took him in deep. She could feel his pleasure mounting, his pulse quickening.
"Oh God!" Collingwood exclaimed. "This is incredible! You simply have to try this, Jenkins!"
That spurred her on, and seconds later she felt him cum into her mouth and then he abruptly withdrew. She wiped her mouth and then smiled up at him.
"Stay right there, Captain," Collingwood ordered. "Jenkins, all yours."
"Ok, what the hell, fuck it," Jenkins decided as he got out of his chair and unzipped.
Emily took him into her mouth without complaint, focussing on giving the gift whether these guys appreciated it or not. The rest of the crew formed a circle and cheered Jenkins on.
After Jenkins, Norris decided he wasn't missing out. He quickly stepped up and unzipped, thrusting his hips forward towards Emily's face. His rapidly hardening penis seemed to unfurl like a windsock, growing larger and larger before Emily's eyes as it emerged from his trousers.
Good God, the man is hung like a mule!
"Oh my God, Norris. You're deformed!" Collingwood laughed. "You're going to choke the poor girl. Everyone standby to commence CPR, assuming someone wants to kiss that mouth now…"
They all laughed. Emily had to rise up to her full height on her knees to take him into her mouth, and then she did choke, which made them all laugh again. It was the first time in a long time that a man actually made her gag, but she was giving the gift, so it didn't matter to her. She imagined feeling the pain of the nipple clamps again and used the memory of it to focus on his pleasure and block out the laughter and ridicule. She could sense Norris's excitement and see it in his movements. She noticed that he put his hand ever so gently on the side of her head as he was caught in the throes of orgasm. The gift had been well received by this man at least.
After the whole crew had finished with her, Emily smiled as sweetly as she could, thanked them and bid them a good evening. She heard their laughter and back-slapping as she walked away but chose to ignore it. Her heart was pounding in her chest and her face was quite red, but she had given the gift and she knew each man had enjoyed her, whether they showed it in their drunken and boorish behaviour now or not. She had sensed their joy and gratitude as she took each one into her mouth. She knew what they really felt.
As she joined Madison again and ordered another drink, she knew she wasn't the same Emily anymore. Now she was 7GQA9E in mind and in body. Her crew had seen her naked. She'd even spread her legs for them and showed them everything she had, then she'd blown them all. The old Emily would sooner have cut her wrists than do any of that, but now she didn't mind. She even felt more than a little wet after what she had done. Her mouth and body had given them all pleasure and she was happy about it.
"What was up with that fucking cabrón?" Madison asked.
"You mean Collingwood?" Emily asked. "I guess this might be progress in a way. He hasn't been talking to me and he's drunk as a skunk now, so his inhibitions are lowered. So, he's probably getting whatever has been bugging him off his chest at long last."
"He's a disrespectful jerk. He shouldn't have been talking to you like that for any reason! You should have told him to get fucked when he asked for a BJ."
"We can do that?" Emily asked.
"Sure you can," Madison assured her. "Following the commands is one thing but being abused is quite another. You get any man behaving like that, a word to the Watchers or even the cops about him will get him sorted out in no time."
"Oh, ok sure, but I didn't mind doing what I did anyway. I still enjoyed it, giving the gift and all that," Emily replied.
"Perhaps," Madison admitted. "Still, it was extremely rude and ungrateful."
"We'll see," Emily replied. "I think I handled it the best way possible, and once he sobers up, he'll realise that I humiliated him more than he did me, which might open the way to reconciliation. Then I can do as the Master asked me to do with him. If nothing else, it was an opportunity to test myself now that I know about 'The Way'."
"The Master was definitely right about him," Madison admitted. "He has a lot he needs to learn."
"And I'm the key to that," Emily added. "I'm not sure he'd accept it from anyone else."
Madison and Emily finished their drinks and then decided to call it a night. The crew wasn't letting up with their laughter and jeers which made the atmosphere less than pleasant. Emily knew they would be a whole lot different once they sobered up, though.
It was with no great surprise to her then when her Vidlink warbled in the late morning of the following day and Collingwood's unshaven face appeared on her wall.
"Um… Emily. I'll understand if you don't want to speak to me," he began. "Um… err… perhaps this would be better if we met in person?"
Here's a man clearly eating humble pie…
"I would like to, Collingwood, yes," she replied. "We probably have a lot to discuss."
"Oh, thank you, thank you," he responded, clearly with more than a little relief. "Shall we say the same park we conversed in way back when?"
"Ok, I can do that," Emily replied. "Does after lunch work for you? Say 13:00 at the same bench?"
"Wonderful, and thank you again for agreeing to speak with me," he replied.
And with that he blinked out.
When she got to the park, though, Collingwood was nowhere to be found. He was obviously running late so she took a seat on the bench and watched the scenery for a while.
"You are very beautiful, 7GQA9E," came a voice from behind her. Emily turned to see a man in his thirties who she had walked past earlier but hadn't really noticed, but he had obviously noticed her. She gave him a smile.
"Thank you, kind sir," she responded.
"Can you 'Display'?"
Emily had a lot on her mind, but what the hell. She could make this guy happy while she was waiting for Collingwood to arrive. So, she got into the position, spreading her buttocks to allow this stranger to view her most intimate area. Moments later she wasn't at all surprised to find herself being penetrated vaginally. Once he had cum, she stood back up again.
"Thank you, kind sir," she repeated.
"Thank you, 7GQA9E," he replied with a smile. "You have yourself a good day."
And with that he departed. She went to sit back down when she heard Collingwood clearing his throat behind her.
"Um… thank you for agreeing to meet," he began. "I felt my behaviour last night was less than chivalrous and warranted an apology. I am truly sorry and embarrassed for myself. I guess I had a little too much to drink, not that that should be any excuse."
"I didn't have a problem with any of that," Emily replied. "Well, you all could have shown a few more manners, but yes, you were all certainly drunk. That was obvious. Consider yourself forgiven for that. What I can't forgive you for, though, Collingwood, is that you left me alone again, and for almost a full year when I needed you the most. Something happened between us. I know you felt it too, but then you gave me the cold shoulder, and then turned your back on me completely when I fell pregnant when I could've used your support more than ever. What happened, Collingwood?"
"I'm not sure you should let me off the hook so easily for my behaviour last night," he contested. "But…um… yes, I guess I do owe you an explanation for my behaviour over the past year as well. Um… I guess what happened was, well pretty much what you were doing when I walked up here."
"You mean coupling?" Emily asked.
"Well, yes. I guess you broke my heart, Emily. I couldn't handle that you were available to so many men, and always would be. When we made love in my office, I couldn't shake the thought that the mouth I was kissing was not mere moments before occupied by the General's penis, and that's how it would always be between us. I just couldn't accept it."
"You know I have no choice in any of that, don't you? That's how these people live here."
"Well, yes. Of course, I knew that, and I thought I was ok with it," he gesticulated with obvious sadness. "Yet my heart could not accept it when it came to how I felt about you. My feelings about you had changed. You had become so much more than just a drop-dead gorgeous woman to me. I cared for you deeply, and I felt helpless in the situation. The final straw was when you became pregnant with another man's child. It crushed me. You were now permanently damaged goods, as it were. I was completely heartbroken. I felt it better to try to move on."
"Do you presume that I got pregnant by choice, Collingwood? There's no fucking birth control here and my implant from home was only going to last so long, and it wasn't like I could put a stop to men fucking me. How do you think I felt? There I was, knocked-up a billion miles from home and all alone. When I needed you the most, you weren't there. What the fuck, Collingwood?"
"I-I… you are right," he replied, his shoulders slumping. "I was so preoccupied with my own feelings I hadn't properly considered yours. While logic told me none of it was your doing, my emotional state led me to blame you for it. Can you ever forgive me? I'll understand totally if you won't."
"I'm not sure I can, Collingwood," Emily replied honestly. "You really hurt me. I know you can be an egotistical bastard at times but what you did to me was completely cold. You knew I had no choice about any of it, yet you still blamed me for it. You were the one telling me I needed to be pragmatic about this place and try to adapt to it. Now it seems that I did but you didn't. Hypocrite much?"
"Oh… err… I can't deny it, Emily. I've been a complete bastard."
"Yes, you have," Emily agreed. "It was all one big, lovely paradise here when it came to all of the other women, but when it came to me, suddenly everything was different?"
"Yes, logically I knew all that, yet emotionally I couldn't handle it," he replied. "You were too special to me, Emily. I wanted you so badly, yet I knew full well that here I could never have you. I would always have to share you."
"You can't own me, Collingwood. Not here. Not even back on Earth 1. Thinking that you could was both selfish and insecure. The fact is, though, that we're not on Earth 1 anymore and you need to stop thinking like we are. I wouldn't expect you to be faithful to me here, so why do you place any value in that concept of me here? Sex is an act of love here but it's a gift all women give to all men, not just one. It's impersonal. An agreement. An abandonment of selfish desires for the benefit of the world. I get that now. You need to do the same. What is your gift to women and the world here?"
"Do you mean my physical attributes or my undeniable charm?" he asked.
Emily looked at him and frowned. While on the one hand it was typical of him to try to make a joke to lighten the mood. On the other, it indicated that he didn't understand that this world was a two-way street and men had just as much of an obligation to contribute as women did.
"And therein lies the answer," Emily replied. "You don't take this place seriously or understand it as much as you like to think you do. You see and admire how they've solved the problems of our home. The violence, the injustice, the crime, hunger, climate change, rampant capitalism, and the inequality it causes. You even admire and take advantage of all the eye candy and endless female totty you have access to. You know that it's connected, but you haven't properly figured out how, because you still think like an Earth 1 man. Let me try to explain it. Women aren't forced to submit here and then somehow find acceptance with that, ending up with big smiles on their faces at the thought of being total sluts at men's beck and call. It's an agreement between the sexes. The women willingly choose to give up their bodily autonomy while the men willingly choose to sacrifice their masculine egos, which in your case appears to be huge. Together, they put their minds and efforts towards making the world a better place. One didn't happen as a consequence of the other. It was a decision to make it that way from the word 'go'."
Collingwood paused silently to consider what Emily had just told him.
"You may be right, Emily," he finally agreed. "I had always assumed that a decision was made some time in this planet's past to force women into sexual servitude, and then everything sprang from that, but I never considered that women may have chosen that path for themselves. I saw contentedness all around me and thought it to be the result of generations of conditioning. Seeing you struggling to adapt, I put down to our learned behaviour and prejudices that we brought with us from our world. I guess the misogynist in me even found it amusing at first. The reality is that this concept likely doesn't come naturally for any woman. I knew it was a choice they made, but I assumed it was merely a choice to accept it because there was no other option. Hmm… There is another option, though, isn't there… and that option is to end up with a world like the one we come from... I also hadn't considered that men made a similar choice when it came to the sacrifice of ego to stop trying to claim ownership of women, their bodies and what they did with them. Sure, there's the command system they have here for both pleasure and procreation, but that's actually the opposite of what it first appears to be. Yes, men are exercising control over a woman in the moment but there's no sense of individual ownership. It's just a different way of fucking, and the result is no one is laying claim of ownership over a single vagina, as we essentially do on our Earth."
"Now you're getting it," Emily smiled. "They gave all the bullshit of our world up. Everyone gives themselves equally here. It's like everyone is married to everyone else. Free love. No jealousy. Like if the hippy movement from our world had lived on and become the new morality."
"Perhaps you're right," Collingwood admitted, "Still, I can't help but feel a twinge of sadness at the loss of love as a couple. That head over heels feeling of being together and not wanting to be with anyone else."
"We can still be bonded," Emily pointed out. "When two people fall in love here, they form what they call a bond, which is much the same as a de facto marriage back home, except without the sexual exclusivity."
"Hmm...," Collingwood responded, still deep in thought about what Emily was revealing to him, and the incorrect assumptions he may have made about Earth 2's culture. Suddenly something occurred to him about what Emily had just said. "Wait, did you just say that you loved me?"
Emily's eyes twinkled in response.
"May I kiss you, Emily Birmingham?" he asked.
"Yes, you can kiss me, Collingwood," she replied. "I haven't completely let you off the hook yet, though."
Collingwood leaned in for the kiss. It was passionate and they both closed their eyes for a moment while they lost themselves in each other.
"Um… perhaps you can call me Rod now?" he asked after he finally broke away.
"I can do that," Emily replied. "You can call me 7GQA9E."
"Am I to assume by that then that you have fully assimilated into this place?" he asked.
"Yes, I had an epiphany just recently, and I get it now," she replied. "Being naked all the time and accepting the commands that men give me is my gift that I give to this place. That's why the women here do it so happily, and that's why the men put their efforts into making this a better place for all, instead of giving in to their base instincts and thinking with their little heads instead of their big ones. That's their gift."
"I suppose I should consider what my gift should be then," he responded.
"You already know what that is, Rod," she replied. "It's that wonderful, if not annoying, brain that you have. They don't have a functioning hyperdrive here. We need one to go home, and they need one for their exploration and discovery program."
"Yes, we are making some progress with the aquinium now. I feel we almost have the refining process worked out, and the solution is now mere months away. What I don't yet have is any means to work out where we're going or where we are when we get there, let alone how to steer a course back to our particular Earth. Thus far it has me completely stumped, and I fear we may well be stranded here for life without it."
"Ok, I think you're ready now," Emily responded, wondering how she was going to tell him. She figured she would just come straight out with it. "There's a couple of things you should know. The first is that my friend, 4D9Y2Y, is from another Earth as well. She crashed out here about ten years ago and found herself marooned the same as we did, and they know all about it. Unfortunately, there's nothing of her ship left, but she might be able to help us in some small ways."
"You're shitting me?" Collingwood asked in surprise. "I assume there's more?"
"Yes, there is. They already know how to get us home. They know all about charting a course through hyperspace."
Collingwood looked straight into Emily's face at that, seemingly lost for words or not quite sure if she was playing a joke on him. Her expression revealed that she was serious.
"Are you kidding me?" he finally asked excitedly. "They know how to map parallel universes? How are you so certain? They've made no indication of such knowledge to me."
"They've known for centuries, Rod," Emily answered. "We've been kept in the dark about it out of fear that if that knowledge were to fall into our hands, it might attract more people to come from our Earth and mess everything up here eventually, but now they're open to the idea of cooperating with us, thanks to me. This little paradise you see here was started 500 years ago by pilgrims from another Earth who came here to escape persecution and rebuild society their way. Since then, the ships they came on fell into disrepair and they've forgotten everything they knew about hyperdrives, but they still have everything else recorded. Now they're ready to start exploring the multiverse again. Basically, they need our tech, and we need theirs."
"Sneaky bastards…" Collingwood mused. "They were going to let me get the hyperdrive going and then pull the rug out from under us. And here I was thinking that helping us get home was their primary concern… So how did you come into this knowledge, assuming it is correct?"
"I met someone," Emily admitted. "Someone above the General's paygrade who seems to pull a lot of strings around here. I'd like you to meet him now too. Do you have a Portavid?"
"Of course," he replied while fishing it out of his pocket. "So how long have you known about this?"
"Not long," Emily replied. "I was tasked with making sure you understood this world and your place in it before revealing it to you. Thankfully you seem to have caught on fast."
Emily accepted the device before looking around for a suitable surface for the display.
"Um… turn around," she requested, deciding Collingwood's back would be as good a surface as any. The Master's face appeared. "Hello Master. He's ready to meet you. When might you be available?"
"Thank you, 7GQA9E," the Master replied. "I am available any time for the remainder of the day."
"Ok, we'll grab a cab and see you shortly."
"See you then, 7GQA9E," he replied before winking out.
"Master?" Collingwood asked, somewhat bemused.
"That's what he calls himself," Emily replied. "He's head of kind of a secret society that plays a large part in maintaining the status quo of this place. I'm not sure if he's the absolute big cheese of everything or just in charge of the local area."
"Ok, let's go meet him then," Collingwood shrugged, not really knowing what to expect but willing to go along with it for now.
A short time later they had arrived outside the Griggs & Co building.
"Um… it doesn't look like much," Collingwood mused out loud as he looked it over.
"That's the idea, dummy. It's a front for what really goes on here." Emily informed him. "C'mon, this way."
A short time later they were standing in front of the Master.
"Ahh... Mr Collingwood at last. My name is James P. Logan. You may call me Master," he began, looking up from his desk.
Collingwood looked at the pale and sweaty geriatric before him, not quite believing he wielded any power at all. But whatever…
"Thank you, Master," he responded. "Emi… I mean 7GQA9E mentioned you were in possession of hyperspace technology that might allow us to get home to our own Earth?"
"That I do," the Master replied. "But first, please tell me, what is your gift?"
"Um… my gift is to use my knowledge of science and apply it to be of benefit to both of our worlds," Collingwood replied. "To sacrifice any personal stake I may have in it for the good of all."
"Good, good," the Master replied. "I shall have it delivered to your lab on Monday, but it comes with some conditions. I must ensure the safety of our world, and that you will not use the information to your own benefit at our expense. I want you to construct a second ship, and we will choose the one that you and your crew will return to your home with. We will retain the other."
"Um… a precautionary approach is totally understandable, sir, but our ship is not really mine to offer," Collingwood replied. "However, assuming they will have identical features and technology, it should not be an issue I suppose, especially when I tell the people I answer to back home what transpired here, and the technology afforded to us from the experience. I am sure there will be no issues, especially considering that without it they would not have a ship at all. It would be stranded permanently here, and us with it."
"Indeed. Which leads to my second condition," the Master went on. "Having that technology means that you will have the ability to return here. I must be assured that any future visits from your Earth are conducted peacefully and with no interference to our way of life. The way we live here may be foreign to the people of your world, but they must be under no presumption that they will be anything other than guests here. We will expect our local laws to be followed and our culture respected."
"That should not be a problem, sir, as much as it is within my power to request," Collingwood assured him. "7GQA9E outranks me on our world and I am sure she will include a persuasive argument in your favour in her debriefing to our superiors."
"Very well. I must caution you, though. We are not a war-like people, Mr Collingwood, but we are not without defences. We allowed your ship entry because we were expecting the return of ours, and it appeared to be the same one at first, but an unidentified vessel without clearance would have likely been destroyed the moment it came within our reach. We have been prepared for such an event since we first settled here just in case we were followed by any from the world we fled from."
"I understand, sir," Collingwood replied. "I imagine our world will put similar safeguards in place once they learn of this technology and what it can do. I will do everything in my power to ensure that we adopt a hands-off approach to any worlds we visit in the pursuit of scientific discovery, and, in particular, this one."
"Few worlds have a human population, as I'm sure you will discover in time," the Master responded.
"Interesting…" Collingwood replied. "On that basis, how do you identify them? I've been referring to our world as Earth 1 and this one as Earth 2, but there must be trillions I imagine?"
"Infinite," the Master replied. "We refer to them by their coordinates, which you will learn once you have access to the data next week, but Earth 1 and Earth 2 are reasonable descriptors for conversations between us regarding our two worlds. We are the younger settlement after all."
"Um… sorry, Master," Collingwood interrupted. "But it occurs to me that now that a real opportunity for us to return home is before us, 7GQA9E and myself are now in the category of guests here rather than permanent residents. As mentioned, 7GQA9E outranks me on my world and I feel that I have been out of line speaking on her behalf."
"Interesting… yes, I believe I have made the same error, Mr Collingwood. While not unheard of, it is unusual to have a woman in a position of authority here. Nevertheless, it should be respected as we expect you to respect our ways," the Master replied before turning to Emily. "7GQA9E, I trust you also are in agreement with the terms discussed?"
"Yes Master," Emily replied. "No problems here. I agree with everything Collingwood said and will be endeavouring to ensure your way of life is not threatened. Let's call this trading of technology the first act of peace and cooperation between our worlds. Shall we shake hands?"
And with that they all stood and shook hands together as Michael recorded a vid of the event for their records. It didn't escape Emily's attention that she was naked in it which would look rather odd to the people of her Earth if they ever saw it.