The bar was buzzing with people enjoying their Saturday afternoon; voices and laughter combined almost loud enough to drown out the sound of the waves crashing. I closed my eyes briefly, enjoying the heat of the sunshine warm my bare shoulders.
I couldn't wait to see you. After the first few times we had seen each other, sweet dates during which I thought I was flirting very well, you had commented that you weren't sure whether I was interested. Despite my having told you a number of times that I am naive and am completely oblivious to hints (I once had a guy pull me to the side at a party to tell me you was going to "make a move" -- to which I responded "oh ok, bye" with disappointment, thinking he was leaving -- I know, bad move on my part!), you didn't seem to be taking the warning seriously. I wanted you - and I was determined to make you realise it.
My back stiffened, and a warm flush rolled through my body as you walked up behind me, your hand firmly on my bare back as you murmur a soft "hi" in my ear. I turned to you, my smile wide as I returned your greeting, drinking in the sight of you.
You slid onto the stool next to me, and, with a resigned sigh, asked me what the plan for the afternoon was. You smiled at me patiently, feigning excitement as I explained I wanted to check out a few stores on the main street, then perhaps a specialist boutique. The depressed exhalation that escaped your lips was almost quiet enough to be missed -- almost. I smirked to myself as I heard it; I knew very well that, having missed my flirting and now accompanying me on a shopping trip for a costume party we were attending, you thought you had been "friend-zoned". It was driving me crazy to keep my hands off you, but I restrained myself, quietly looking forward to seeing the penny drop when you realised just how badly I want you.
Hearing about the afternoon of "excitement" I had planned, you slid from the stool, holding your hand out to me as I also climbed down. For the first time today, you could see me fully; the short white sundress with slim shoulder straps, fitted around my bust before flaring to a full skirt, cut to show off the tanned skin of my thighs. As I bent to pick up my handbag, you appreciated the deep v cut of the top, snug against my milky DD breasts. Straightening, I slung my handbag over my shoulder and led you out of the bar, pleased our destinations were within a couple k's; walking distance, and a track along the beachfront at that -- who could complain at that?
Well, it appeared you could. Despite our usual upbeat conversation, your mood was decidedly dejected as we walked along the beachfront, dragging your feet somewhat and lagging half a step behind me as we reached closer to our destination. You walked on the dry sand as I described the items I needed to collect as I paddled in the water, my bare feet splashing as the waves begin to recede. I was so caught in the description of a particular dress that I don't notice the wind building until a sudden gust caught and lifted my swirling skirt a couple of inches higher in the air. I squealed as my hands reached for the fabric, pushing it down. I wanted you to see what was underneath but had hoped that would happen later. Glancing back at you, however, your smirk and the glint in your eyes were enough to make me blush deeply, knowing that my skirt lifted just enough to reveal the red lace panties I had on underneath, and the unsecured garter straps that were attached to them. I turned back to continue walking and continued the conversation. Your pace quickened to match mine as a realisation hit you; I wore sexy underwear when I was hoping someone would see it. And today, you were the only someone spending time with me.
* * *
After watching four outfit changes, you started to doubt the intentions of my underwear. All you had seen so far was very conservative outfits and no flirtation. In addition, none of them had come close to the dress I described to you (or that you thought I described to you -- you weren't really listening) -- so it seemed like this shopping trip was going to drag out forever, especially remembering that the specialist boutique I said I wanted to visit remained. From the change room, I heard your huff of frustration as you called out, asking how I was going with the next outfit.
I watched my reflection in the mirror, assessing the outfit. A dress similar to that I had worn, but strapless and midnight black; much sleeker and sexier than the pretty sundress -- and exactly what I had described to you. I stepped out of the change rooms and called out for your opinion. I watched you look up at me and saw surprise register on your face as you saw the transformation from the innocent girl who had been walking along the beach to the sexier, sophisticated woman in now front of you. I twirled, the skirt spinning so you could appreciate the dress from each angle. You smiled and nodded at me with approval, before your smile slipped a little and your eyes narrowed at me. I stopped moving, immediately anxious that I had been caught.
"Jessica" you asked, your voice dangerously low, "what are you wearing to the party tonight?"
I looked at you, my eyes wide and smiling as I innocently answered, "This dress".
You rose from the chair and rounded on me, growling not to tease you as you started your question again.
"This is a costume party."
I nodded.
"And you said you would take care of our costumes."
I nodded again.
"What are you going as?"
I looked up at you, smiling sweetly as I responded that you'd find out. Your frustration is evident as you stalk back to your chair. Returning to the change room, I noticed a minor issue and called out to you, thankful for another opportunity to try to make you realise what I really wanted. As I heard you reach the door of the room, I slid the lock and open the door enough that you could see me.
"Can you please take care of the zipper?" I asked as I turned away from you, watching you in the mirror. You met my eyes, before they fell to my dress. Your hands felt the shiver run through my body as you tugged the zipper down the length of my spine, from the top of my dress to just above my panty line. Each metal tooth released revealed another sliver of skin, slowly revealing the red lace strapless bra cupping my breasts. You froze as the zipper halted, mesmerised by the sight of red, the knowledge that I was wearing a matching lingerie set, trying to recall the brief flash of panties in your mind. I coughed softly, and you unfroze, meeting my eyes before you abruptly turned and returned to your position on the chair.
As I slipped the sundress over my shoulders, I couldn't help but hope you're starting to take the hint. God bless stubborn zippers.
* * *
We walked to grab a coffee before hitting the last stop for the day -- my specialist boutique.
Relaxing into the couch together as we waited for the barista to call our names, you turned to me.
"I hope you know what you're doing, Jessica." Your voice showed more than a hint of concern. "Your 'specialist' place must be the one-stop-shop for my costume, why didn't we just start there?"
Coffees in hand, we walked down a side street and I opened the door to enter a small non-descript store you had never noticed before. Walking inside, you were surprised by the contents of the shop. I followed you in and met the look of curiosity in your eyes with a smile.
"Jessica" a striking blonde called from behind the counter, "I wondered when we'd be seeing you". She bent over to pull a package from the desk and placed it in front of me. I opened the bag and peered inside, excited to see the white material gleaming.
"Can we borrow the change rooms out back, Michelle?" I asked, already walking toward the back of the store.
The blonde laughed, "of course hon, you know where you're going".
You followed me to the back of the store, watching me close yet another change room door.
"What are you doing?" you asked with frustration through the door.
"What do you mean?" I asked as I discarded the sundress, pulling the new black dress on and tugging at the zipper.
You gestured wildly around the shop, looking around. "There is nothing here that I can wear. This isn't a costume shop, it's lingerie! What am I supposed to wear?"
"I have a plan, I promise" I assured you through the door, placing the contents of the bag delicately over the dress, admiring my reflection in the mirror. "You have a black suit you can wear, right?"
"Oh, of course, what a great costume!" you answered, sarcastically. "And exactly what is it that I'm supposed to be going as?" You spun around in anger as you heard the lock of the door of the door open, your jaw dropping, speechless as you saw me.
I stood in front of you wearing black heels and the strapless black dress. My breasts held enticingly high, the material skimming my curves to the cut at my thigh - just a little too short to hide the red garter straps attached at the lace top of my thigh high stockings. The hint of red reminded you of the lingerie you saw today, the knowledge that it's a matching set for someone to see. A white lace headband held back my slick brown hair, and a white lace apron was tied around my waist, my hands behind my back.
I raised my eyes to meet yours.
"I am going to the party as a maid" I answered.
"I was hoping", I continued with a cheeky smile as brought I my hands around in front of me to reveal them holding a deep red tie, "that you would go as my master".
Surprise disappeared as your eyes darkened, smirking at me as you slowly moved toward the door of the changeroom. You took the tie from my hands, meeting the innocent look in my eyes.
Your hand was firmly on my shoulder as you turn me around and pushed me forward, following me into the change room and locking the door behind us. The pressure from your hand continued until I was standing in front of the full-length mirror, my cheek pressed lightly against it. I watched you advance behind me, feeling your warmth close to me, your breath on my neck.
"You want me to be your master?" You asked me, your hands tracing down the edges of my body, down my shoulders, lightly over the edge of my breasts, down my waist and down the curve of my hip, grasping them firmly, pulling them back against you. I could feel you hard against my ass, and swayed my hips a little, wanting to feel more.
"Yes" I answered, silently begging for more.
"I don't think you heard me" you responded sternly, your lips on my neck, sucking and kissing and biting the tender flesh, evoking a sharp gasp from me. You roughly turned me around, my back now against the cool glass of the mirror as you pinned me to the wall. Your hands stroked down mine, using the tie to securely bind them together and raising them above my head, instructing me to hold them there.
"Do you want me to be your master?" you demanded again, your hands now travelling down to gently cup and knead my breasts, finding my hard nipples and pinching them enough to elicit a gasp. I tried to focus on my answer, rather than on your active hands which continued further down my body to the edge of my dress and lightly up my inner thigh, teasing at the edge of my very damp panties.
"Yes" I answered breathlessly, "please".
Your eyes narrowed, and your hand disappeared from my thighs, eliciting a groan of frustration from me.
"You aren't listening, Jessica" you reprimanded sternly as you stepped back. I remained frozen in position against the wall, unable to move as my eyes watched your hands move to the zipper of your jeans. Watching your fingers tug the zipper and undo the button was insanely erotic, and I felt a fresh flood of wetness in my panties, desperate for you.
You stepped toward me, pinning me in position with your knees between my thighs.
"Listen to the question" you instructed strictly as your palms firmly spread my thighs, pushing my panties to the side.
"Do you want me to be your master?" you asked. A subtle change in your position meant I could feel the tip of your cock close enough to almost touch my clit. I tried to grind down onto you, but you were just a little too far out of reach. My wet pussy distracting my mind, I tried to focus on your question, when a wave of realisation suddenly struck. I looked up to meet your eyes, a cheeky innocence shining through.
"Yes please, master" I responded. You grinned at me darkly, leaving me only a moment to question your reaction before I gasped sharply as you moved forward swiftly, burying your stiff cock in my wet and waiting pussy.
"Oh" I groaned, feeling suddenly full, wanting to drop my hands around you.
As though reading my thoughts you grunted at me to stay still, as your hands roughly cupped my breasts, driving into me with a steady rhythm, making me gasp as I begged for more.
"Please master" I begged, my voice soft in your ear, trying to muffle our noise so Michelle didn't hear us, "please fuck me harder".
You groaned in frustration as you slid out of me, pulling me from the wall and spinning me around roughly, bending me over and thrusting your thick hard cock into me from behind. The sensation was enough to cause a soft cry escape my lips before your hand covered my mouth. You drove into me, harder and faster as you felt both of our need to finish building. You looked past my face and met my eyes in the mirror, seeing the desperation in them that I am unable to communicate to you, a desperate need for you to make me cum.
I pushed my hips back to you, bouncing as much as I could, dropping my bound hands in front of me to rub my clit and, where I could reach, gently fondle your balls.
Reaching the point of no return, I whimpered softly, watching your eyes in the mirror with sheer desperation. I pleaded a muffled "please" against your hand and you nodded at me.
"Cum" you instructed firmly as you held my hips, pulling them to you as you drove into me sharply, feeling the walls of my pussy contract around your hard length as I exploded in orgasm. The tight sensations around your cock was enough to cause your orgasm, splashing your cum into my waiting pussy. I pressed back against you and you held me to you, our bodies slowly easing down the waves of our orgasm. As you slid from my pussy, I turned around and dropped to my knees, taking your length in my mouth, cleaning the combined taste of our orgasms from your cock.
"Sir" you said as you slowly started to catch your breath.
Confused I turned to you and asked, "Sir?"
You nodded. "I will be your master tonight, but from now on, I'd prefer you called me 'sir'."
I turned my face to you, brushing your lips with my own. "Yes, sir" I answered, smiling sweetly.