Liverpool Slut -
A Quest investigation.
Editor, Quest Magazine - Tom Dixon.
Rumours had reached Quest Magazine of a shocking sexual incident between a lady (30+) and some local youths at a block of flats in Liverpool. An anonymous phone call tipped us off and gave a rough description of what had occurred. It seemed to us that this was just the sort of juicy scandal that would titillate our readers. So, I sent our top investigator, Julia Montello, to Liverpool to dig up the facts and prepare a report for our June publication.
Once again, as in previous stories, Julia has left no stone unturned to get at the truth. These are the sizzling details she came up with. I recommended that we run the story in our next issue.
Julia Montello:
Following up on the phone call, I made contact with the woman in this case, a divorced lady called Maggie, who turned out to be a slim, attractive 31 year old brunette.
I found out that she worked long hours at a local supermarket and lived on the third floor in a block of flats in a rundown area in the north-west of Liverpool. She had lived there for 2 years, following the break- up of her marriage. That was where I met her after being dropped off by taxi. Her flat was on the third floor and I rang her bell after a ride up in a somewhat "smelly" lift. Luckily, she was at home, as agreed.
After some initial hostility, Maggie decided to cooperate and answer my questions. I got the impression that she was a feisty, independent, woman who would normally resent someone like me poking my nose into her affairs. But, as is normal in these situations, the magazine was prepared to pay a generous fee to secure the story, and, once this was agreed, Maggie, did not hold back on her testimony. At the same time, I was aware of some deep resentment simmering just below the surface. (She clearly did not like me and later on took the opportunity to punish and humiliate me.)
On the other hand, she held nothing back during the questioning and the readers will be astonished at how open and honest she actually was in describing the events of that night. I believe this to be a true and accurate account of what really happened.
Interview as recorded.
Quest:(Julia Montello) "So Maggie, when exactly did this "event" take place?"
Maggie: "It was on a Friday evening, on a fine summer's day last month. I was coming back from a shopping trip to the City shopping Mall at around 7 p.m. The bus had dropped me off around the corner and I was walking back to this flat on the third floor."
Quest: "What were you wearing?"
Maggie: "Well, let me see..........oh yes, I was wearing a black and white summer dress. It's a great thing to wear on warm summer days."
Quest: "And was it quite short..........in length, I mean?"
Maggie: "I'm afraid it was. In fact it was an oldish dress that I had taken up........maybe too much, as it happened. I mean, I have good legs..... And well ....I wanted to show them off.
If you've got it, flaunt it, like they say. I've been vegetating in th little flat for long enough on my own. Well, on that afternoon, I got a few stares and whistles as I went round the shops. It made me feel good.............and sexy, you know. Hell, you must know what I mean. Your skirt is short enough. You must get the men drooling over you plenty?"
(Julia Montello squirmed uncomfortably in her seat and tried unsuccessfully to tug her skirt back down before continuing with her questions)
Quest: "So, as I understand it, you've not had a boyfriend or lover since you broke up with your husband?"
Maggie: "No, since Darren and I split up, I've had nobody. I mean we're separated, but, not yet divorced. However, since that time, I've lived like a nun. All I do is go to work every day, come home and watch telly on my own. Either that, or visit my sister in town. I mean it's so fucking boring around here, you wouldn't believe. I've just got to find myself somewhere livelier."
Quest: "So life has been pretty dull for you then, recently?"
Maggie: "If you're implying that I was sexually frustrated, you're damn right. I realise that now. If I hadn't been, I don't suppose I would have led those young boys on like I did. It's funny how it makes you do things you wouldn't normally do. Crazy things that make you blush, later on, when you come to your senses, but, at the time, something makes you do it. I know that, because, on that particular day, I just had this impulse to be naughty and do wicked things. I had woken up in a funny mood and it just seemed to last all day."
Quest:"What sort of things do you mean?"
Maggie: "Well, when I got on the double decker bus going into town, I started up the stairs and there was this young fella behind me. I felt him looking up my dress at the back as I climbed up. Hell, he must have got quite an eyeful, cos I heard him whistle in appreciation and that gave me a thrill that set me up for the day. Everywhere I went, it seemed that I was being admired by men and boys. It was quite breezy in the street and my dress kept billowing up to show my legs and panties. It was silly really, I know, but, by the time I was heading back, I was in right sexy mood.
Quest: "You wanted to keep on flaunting?"
Maggie: "I guess so. ..........."
(At this point Maggie paused to light a cigarette. Then she walked to the window and stared out across the open area at the front. It was obvious that her guilty conscience was going to get her to confess to something and sure enough when she spoke, it all came out)
She stubbed out her cigarette and continued.....
Maggie: "Yeah well, I told you I was feeling really sexy and wicked that day.........and what with men staring at my legs and my dress blowing up..... I thought why not? Those celebs like Britney Spears and Paris Hilton go around without any panties on ........so why not me? So, I dodged into the nearest ladies toilets and took them off. It was something I had never done before, but, somehow, it seemed to match up with how delightfully wicked I was feeling that day."
Quest: "So what effect did that have on you?"
Maggie: "I guess it made me feel randy and adventurous..........you could say I was in a dangerous mood and ready to do some crazy things."
"Honestly, I don't know why I did it. It was a crazy thing to do. What was I thinking about, you might well ask? There was me, a married woman in her thirties, flaunting myself, provocatively, like a bitch on heat."
Quest: "So let's get this straight, you came back to your block.... and what........they were there?"
Maggie: "Yeah, there were 3 of them in the entrance to the stairs, just sort of hanging about and leaning against the wall. I think one of them had earphones on, listening to music. He was sitting down with his legs outstretched, while the other two were just hanging about and chatting."
Quest: "So, you walked past them to get to the staircase?"
Maggie: "Yes.......I sort of stepped over the boy's legs and made my way to the bottom of the stairs."
Quest:"Did any of them say anything?"
Maggie: "I think one of them said Hi gorgeous, or something like that......and I also got a wolf whistle. I think it must have gone to my head, because then, I did something really stupid..............I knew they were watching me, I could feel the lust in the air".
Quest: "What was it that you did?"
Maggie: "As I walked up the stairs, I pulled my dress up at the back ......to my waist ......and held it there with my bag.....so I guess they could see.....well everything. One of them even took pictures with his phone, They came out very well, when developed (6inchx4)
Look, I have a full set of them which I'll hand over later.
Quest: Julia examined the photos, before handing them back to Maggie. She was astonished at their quality and how revealing they were. She decided she had to have them for her report. It would save her from having to go over the same ground with her own camera, later.
Then she continued:-
"Gosh! You mean you deliberately flashed your bare backside to these youths, like this?"
Maggie: "I know what you're thinking..............what a right slut I've got here."
Quest: Julia tried to backtrack "No, you're wrong about that.....cos I was thinking how deliciously sexy it was..."
Maggie: "Don't bullshit me.....you stuck up cow! You've been looking down your nose at me ever since you set foot in here."
Quest:"No really I......"
Maggie: "Well, Miss Goody Two Shoes, you are going to have to PROVE it by doing it yourself before you leave here....otherwise, we can stop this interview right now and forget about the whole damn thing."
Quest: "What! ........but you can't just........"
Maggie: "Oh yes I can, darling. You see, you're going to have to be a bad girl, just like me, or, you can fuck off back to London."
Quest: As she lit up yet another cigarette, she gave me a steely stare. It was only then that I began to realise what a determined feisty woman she was. It was going to be her way or no way.
Quest: (Julia) "O.K. then........I'll do it...."
Maggie: "Exactly the way I did it?"
Quest:"Yeah, sure....why not?"
Maggie: "Well, I could see them looking at me, as I approached the doorway, and, as I say, up went my dress. That got their attention alright. And, straight away they started making dirty comments.....Like......"fucking hell, look at her bare arse" and things like that."
Quest: "How long did you keep your dress up like that?"
Maggie: "All the way up to the third floor. I only let it go to get the keys out of my hand bag."
Quest: "Did it get the boys excited?"
Maggie: "Hell yes, they jumped to their feet and followed me up the stairs. I watched them out of the corner of my eye, as I turned to go up each flight. They were having a damn good look, I can tell you."
Quest: "Could they see your pussy?"
Maggie: "From where they were looking, below me on the stairs, they could see everything I had ...legs thighs arse and pussy ...everything."
Quest:"Wow!"
Maggie: "And they kept on following me up....it was quite funny actually........they were scrambling up behind me on hands and knees for a better look, getting in each other's way and making guttural noises like men do."
Quest:"They followed you up to your door?"
Maggie: "Yep, they were coming up the stairs, behind me, as I got out my keys. Then one of them asked if he could have a drink of water."
Quest: "What did you do?"
Maggie: "I told them O.K., but, to wait there while I got it. Then, I left the door ajar and went in to the kitchen. When I came back, they were all in my flat and the door was closed behind them. I didn't get annoyed or anything, I just said they would have to go cos I was going to have a shower. In response, they just stood there gawping at me, sniggering and grinning."
Quest: "So what did you do then?"
Maggie: "I just pulled off my dress, walked to the bathroom and stepped into the shower.
Quest: "Blimey!"
Maggie: "They soon came sneaking in of course, wanting to see me naked. But, I didn't care by then. As soon as I finished, I just stepped out and grabbed my towel. They watched me, intently, as I dried myself off, then they grabbed my towel and hauled me naked into the bedroom."
Quest: "Did you scream and shout?"
Maggie: "Hell no, what do you think I am, a fucking prick teaser? No, I had been a bad girl and as far as I was concerned I was getting what I asked for."
Quest:"You felt you had brought it on yourself by leading them on, I suppose."
Maggie: "Damn right I had.....so I had to accept the consequences."
Quest: "So what happened then?"
Maggie: "They fucked me til I didn't know what day it was. What the hell do you think 3 horny youths are going to do with a naked woman who had displayed herself to them like I had? There was only ever going to be one outcome."
"Oh, I see that you want the juicy details.......O.K."
"First they had their hands all over me. They just couldn't get enough. I didn't even know their names at that point. One handled my tits, while the other two had a leg each. There was a bit of a row at first between them, cos they all wanted to get at my pussy there and then. So, they tossed a coin to decide the order. Craig, the oldest one, he's 20, fucked me first. And I have to tell you that the staying power that boy had was unbelievable. He gave me a right old seeing too; and girlfriend, what a cock he possesses. It must be about 8 inches long. What had I been missing all these months?"
"Then Ginger had me from behind. He just loved holding my arse and fucking me. doggy style. He's just a 19 year old kid, but, he knows how to get a girl excited. He had me kneeling on the bed; head and shoulders down with my arse protruding over the end of the bed, so he could stand up and really hammer his young cock into me. Yeah......it was so satisfying......"
"Then it was young Ashley's turn, he's only 18, but, already up for all the pussy he could get his hands on. He took his time; I'll say that for him. I was well gone by that time and he just kept hitting the spot. Boy, I made some noise that night."
"And it just went on and on and on.......with them taking turns at me, one after the other. They didn't go home til after midnight. You know what; I've never had as much sex in one night before........nowhere near. I would have ditched my husband years ago if I had had any idea what was available to me on this Estate. Hell, I work with Ashley's mum at the supermarket. She still doesn't know I'm fucking her son."
I clicked off the tape recorder. It was hot stuff alright. The story would be a big hit with the readers, I could tell that already. Just a few more pictures of Maggie and one or two of her flat should do it. Maybe, even include those boys who were involved. I mentioned this to Maggie and got out my phone in readiness. "So we'll make a start then ......"
"Just a minute," intervened Maggie. "Haven't you forgotten something? You promised to copy my walk up the stairs."
"Oh yes," I gulped......"I did promise, didn't I."
"Yes, you did," said Maggie firmly "and there will be no photographs of me on the stairs or in this flat until you do."
"Oh my God," I thought, "whatdoI get myself into?"
"O.K, let's do it, then." I said.
"Just a minute," replied Maggie, her mobile in hand, "let me call the boys first. It's a treat they are not going to want to miss."
"Oh no" I groaned, putting my head into my hands. I hadn't counted on this, but, as Maggie quickly pointed out, that was howshehad done it.
"Also, you will be so kind as to remove your panties, she insisted"
I gasped, as the full implications of what I had foolishly agreed to, finally hit home. "Look, I'm not sure I want to go that far........I'm a respectable married woman for God's sake."
At this point, Maggie, grabbed a handful of my hair and twisted my face towards hers. "Meaning, I'm NOT, is what you're implying."
I tried to say something, but, there was no hiding my gaff.
"Right" hissed Maggie, "you've asked for it now, you stuck up cow. The bar just got raised. Now I want that skirt off and you had better be quick, otherwise it will be the full strip."
I just went red with pain and embarrassment. Things were getting out of hand. And Maggie was making it clear that she was a lot stronger and tougher than me. Also, I knew, that I dare not return with an incomplete assignment. It just wouldn't do. It was more than my job was worth. So, quickly, I unzipped my skirt and stepped out of it. Then, reluctantly, I pulled down my panties.
"Right, Mrs Montello," grinned Maggie, "that's more like it. Now turn round......
Wow! Lady, what a superb arse you've got there, it's enough to make a girl jealous." She looked at her watch. "Still, we've got a few minutes yet. Let me see if I can warm you up a bit and get you in the mood."
Then she gripped my wrist and pulled me across the room, until I was bending over her knee with my bum raised provocatively in the air. I couldn't believe how strong and rough she was. Then she proceeded to slap me hard across my naked bottom, over and over again.
SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!
I shrieked in pain, and kicked and writhed, but, it was no good. I was helplessly laid across Maggie's knees and there was nothing I could do to prevent the torrent of slaps reigning down on my bare bottom. To my cost, I was finding out that Maggie was a very strong woman.
"This is how we deal with you posh London girls up here in Liverpool," hissed Maggie.
SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!
I scissor kicked my legs, helplessly, as the pain seared through my posterior. "Oh please stop.....please" I moaned.....but to no avail.
SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!
"Going to do as you're told, are you?" shouted Maggie, "gonna be a good girl?"
"Yes, yes," I gasped in distress, "anything.........only stop.....please stop."
"O. K. then madam, let's have you completely naked for your little walk up the stairs. It will save the boys having to strip you off later."
"Oh no," I wailed , but one menacing look from Maggie got me busy peeling off my top and unfastening my bra.
"And by the way," added Maggie, as she pushed me naked out of her flat door. "You're coming to an all- night party here tonight, so you will just have to forget about catching a train back to London. It's about time I had some extra pussy around to help satisfy those lusty young boys."
I could only bite my lip in anguish. "Look" I pleaded "I can't do this......I really can't....I.."
"Tough shit," spat Maggie. "You came up here looking for sexual titillation. Now you are going to sample some for real."
"So, let's get on with the show. ..........And be warned," she said wagging a finger in my face. "You give me any trouble and I'll spank you right there on the stairs. ....Understood?"
"Yes," I mumbled meekly. There was just no getting out of it.
"So get into that bathroom and make yourself real pretty for the boys," she ordered.
As I looked at myself in the mirror and freshened up my lipstick, I felt erotic shivers ripple through my body. I was stark naked and about to meet 3 randy young bucks. I closed my eyes in shame as those wicked feelings intensified.
Later, when she was finally satisfied with my appearance. She guided me out of the flat and into the lift. Then she pressed the button for the ground floor. Standing there naked, I felt so embarrassed and vulnerable, terrified of being seen by anybody. I closed her eyes, this a nightmare, I told myself.
The lift doors opened on the ground floor and I found myself looking at three grinning, leering boys. They had obviously wasted no time in getting there following Maggie's phone call. I desperately wanted to cover myself using hands and arms, but, feared Maggie's wrath. Instead, my hands stayed down by my sides, the nipples on my exposed breasts starting to harden. There were shouts of excitement and lust as the boys feasted their eyes on my nakedness, making me slightly dizzy.
"Wow! Look at arse and those fantastic legs," one of them growled.
"And those big tits," commented another. "Ooooh man"
There were other dirty remarks, but, I was too ashamed to look at them. My eyes not looking up from the floor.
Maggie let them look for what seemed an eternity, before leading me slowly to the stairs. "Now, madam, a slow, sexy, walk up to my flat, if you please ... and don't make me angry or you know what will happen to you........"
I nearly died with shame, as I did as I was told, swaying my hips, provocatively, from side to side, as I moved up the stairs, leading the way. Just then two women came bustling down the stairs and I had to give way to them. "Look at that slut...parading herself naked like that" she heard one of them say...."she must be drugged out of her mind."
Then, as I turned a corner, I practically bumped into an elderly gentleman. He stepped back and gasped in surprise. I suppose it wasn't every day you got to see a naked woman on the stairs.
"Wow! Maggie, your friend is so beautiful," drooled the old guy, his eyes taking in the full extent of my nakedness, treating me like a sexual object instead of a person.
"This is my slave for the day, Mr. Perryman," Maggie laughed. "Would you like a quick feel of her body? She won't mind a bit."
I gasped, "Now look I..."
"Shut the fuck up, bitch," hissed Maggie, in my face. "Dirty old men have a right to fulfil their fantasies, just like everybody else."
I shut up, because, I didn't fancy a bout of slapping right there on the stairs. Meanwhile, old Mr. Perryman helped himself to my naked charms with a huge shit eating grin on his face. Xmas had come early for him.
He groped my tits and felt my arse. He also handled my pussy. In fact, his hands were everywhere. All I could do was grind my teeth and put up with it. After a couple of agonising minutes, Maggie pushed me in the back. "O.K. that's enough, we have to go."
Perryman groaned in disappointment, but stood aside.
Maggie saw the look on his face and laughed. "Don't look so glum Perryman......if you stick around, I'll see that you get another go at her later."
"Right!" shouted Perryman, enthusiastically ......He was red-faced and almost panting with excitement, "Just give me a shout......don't forget now."
I could not prevent groaning, as my heart just sank in misery. I did not like the sound of what Maggie had in store for me up in her flat, but, there wasn't a damn thing I could do about it.
Luckily, there was no one else around as Maggie led me slowly up the rest of the stairs. The 3 wide eyed youths were close behind with plenty to say.
"Look at that fucking arse......."
"What I'd like to do with her, she's amazing."
"Wow what a sensational body.....let me at her."
Maggie, managed to keep her young friends at bay the rest of the way. "You can look, but, don't touch" she kept saying. "At least not for the moment." Clearly she was using my naked body to entice them up to her flat.
After what seemed an eternity, our small party reached the door of Maggie's flat and we all went in. I sighed with disappointment, knowing that the three youths had been allowed into the flat. "Maggie's talk of "a party" was still ringing in my ears. Somehow, I had to get out of there and wind things up quickly. In the meantime, I desperately wanted to get back into my clothes and maybe take a statement or two from these youths.
Unfortunately, Maggie had other ideas. As she went into the flat, she grabbed my pile of clothes and horror upon horror, immediately threw them out of her open window, everything except the lace panties. These, she held up for the others to see. "This is what posh birds wear in London boys.......expensive stuff I would say. Here have a sniff."
I was mortified, as my panties were passed from boy to boy, each one holding them to his nose.
While they were busy doing that, Maggie, surprisingly, handed me my phone. "Take your pictures, now love, I reckon you deserve that, now that you've done your walk of shame."
I quickly grabbed the chance to do that, taking snaps of Maggie, the flat and boys. The professional in me taking over, regardless of my plight. It was essential for my report and I realised that Maggie was selfishly making sure she got paid by Quest Magazine.
"It's your lucky day gentlemen," she said, introducing me to her randy young friends who were still ogling me with undisguised lust and inching closer. They were now just out of hands reach, but, desperate to get at me. I closed my eyes in shame, knowing that my downfall was surely imminent.
" This is my sexy friend, Julia. Isn't she something special? A pretty blue eyed blonde with fabulous legs, great tits and a figure to die for "
"Well, this stuck up married bitch from London, has confessed to me that she likes younger men and could do with a damn good fucking. Apparently, her wimp of a husband isn't keeping her satisfied in bed. She'll do it any which way and love it. So get to it and stuff the bitch with Liverpool cock. Show her what she's been missing. When you're all worn out, I'll ask dirty old man Perryman if she can sleep with him tonight."
"Now just a minute," I wailed, finding some courage at last. "I absolutely refuse to......."
That was as far as I got, before Maggie pounced. "Hold her down boys" she growled. This bitch and I have some unfinished business to attend to." The boys were on me in a second, holding my arms down on the bed, while Maggie positioned me to bend over. Then, holding a large hairbrush, she proceeded to use the back of it to rain blows down on my naked posterior.
SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, SLAP AND SLAP.
The pain was unbearable, but, despite trying frantically to avoid the heavy swipes, they arrived unerringly on their target, just the same.
"Ooooooh, God,....that bloody hurts," I wailed in agony.
SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, SLAP AND SLAP.
"Maggie!" I shrieked, scrambling for mercy, ...."stop, I beg of you. I'll do anything...anything!" My tears flowed freely down my cheeks, as the boys laughed and Maggie stood over me in triumph.
"Yes, girl, you had better do anything and everything we want, because, I could go on smacking that sexy arse of yours all night at the slightest excuse. Do you understand?"
"Yes ...yes," I sobbed. Maggie could sure inflict pain. By God could she not. The woman was so cruel and looking like she enjoyed it. I breathed a sigh of relief when she stopped, but, realised I was now in a very vulnerable position
Ginger, standing at the foot of the bed and still pressing me down, had taken down his trousers and was now proudly sporting a huge erection. I gasped in awe, as I glimpsed it, before being pushed face down on the bed, feet on the floor and manoeuvred ready for "doggy style" his favourite sexual position. His fingers rapidly found me quite moist from the spanking, so, he spread my legs apart and was all set to fuck.
I cried out, loudly, as his big cock easily penetrated my married vagina, making its overwhelming presence felt. I was about to scream a protest, but, wisely decided not to. No way, was I wanting to be smacked again. In any case his dominating cock inching its way into the fleshy walls of my cunt was arousing amazing sensations all the way to my feminine core.
Ginger pressed on, thrusting all the way into my vagina. He grinned at the others, as he hammered into my feminine depths, going at me like a piston. Oh God, how he was enjoying fucking this married lady from London, as I gasped and moaned beneath him. His young cock controlling everything.
Finally, after prolonged fucking, he reached his climax and came copiously. He had pulled out, as he did so, but, his sperm inevitably going everywhere. "Serves you right bitch, for swinging that sexy arse around," commented Maggie.
I closed my tear filled eyes, as the glow of after sex pleasured me. Why did I always end up getting fucked on these assignments? I asked myself. It had to stop, it just had to.
Over the next half hour, I got a lot of groping and handling, as they spread me out on the bed. Their hands were everywhere as they, brazenly, helped themselves to my womanly charms. It was excruciating, but, I just had to lie there and take it, because, I knew that if I angrily objected, as I wanted to, Maggie would be reaching for the hairbrush to punish me. All I could do was grit my teeth and put up with it.
"Right," grinned Maggie, eventually coming over to interrupt. "Let's get some more booze before the shops close. We can't have much of a party without it. Having said that, she grabbed my purse off the table and pulled out a couple of twenty pound notes. "Go and buy some" she ordered the boys. "We're going to have a real good time."
It was a bit later in the evening, after a considerable amount of drinking, that the boys came after me, again. Maggie, had insisted that I had a few glasses of red wine. A drink, that I usually avoided, preferring white wine. But, I wasn't given a choice, because, it was what Maggie liked that counted, so that was the end of it.
I wasn't drunk, but, I was definitely feeling the effect of it. However, I was still in control of my senses and kept my eyes on the 3 young men as they constantly eyed me up. I could see nothing but lust in their eyes. It was inevitable, therefore, that they would soon be coming after me for more sexual activity.
I was naked and vulnerable and knew that my curvaceous and attractive body (their words, not mine) would be too much of a temptation for them. Very soon now, I knew that they would be trying to get up close and personal. And, as predicted, shortly after helping themselves to more whisky, they made their move. Any trace of reluctance was now gone. Craig came for me and Ginger went to Maggie. Sex was now back on their agenda.
Maggie, welcomed her young beau with a grin and a last puff on her cigarette, before Ginger got down to shagging her on her big settee. They went at it like rabbits, while Maggie shouted encouragement. "Go for it, big boy," she urged. "Give it to me good."
And Ginger very much up to the task did exactly that, much to her obvious enjoyment.
Then, she couldn't resist rousing Craig from his sullen, brooding state. "What are you waiting for Craig?" she hissed. "Can't you see she's desperate for it?"
That's all it took to get Craig going. Hitherto, he had treated me with some respect. A mature Lady from London and a stranger, even though I had been paraded naked for him and his friends. Now a combination of Maggie's urging, several drinks and his growing lust, had stirred him into action. Now he was coming forme.
He quickly joined me on the bed, his hands exploring my naked body. I splayed out my fingers to show him my wedding ring, but, as expected, it was totally ignored. So, I kept my thighs closed tightly together, as a last hope of avoiding sex. Instead, he went at my breasts. kissing, licking and tormenting the nipples.
Then, out of nowhere, my mobile phone rang from the coffee table where I had left it. I knew that I wouldn't be able to answer it, but, just thinking about who it might be, momentarily distracted me and two seconds later, his hand was journeying freely up the inside of my thighs. Soon his impudent fingers were exploring my pussy, seeking clitoris and finding it. And despite self-loathing, I was crying out with joy, as he teased it expertly to life.
Minutes later, after enduring a lot of invasive fingering, my legs were spread out wide and my pussy a dripping mess as he set me up for fucking. I was putty in his hands and even responding to his passionate French kissing, as our tongues met and joisted with almost electrical like sparking. There was no resistance from me now and he must have known he was going to have me. Seconds later, his solid young cock was invading the deep, depths of my vagina, sweeping past any remaining resolve I had and taking me completely. In my shame, I felt an orgasm cumming and there was no way to stop it, even if I had wanted to. Then I was shuddering and moaning in ecstasy, as it overwhelmed me. Then, Craig came, big time, spurting into me with seemingly never ending bursts.
"WOW!" , shouted Maggie, "you nailed the bitch good and proper, Craig, you young stud. Hope you've left something for me, later?"
Craig just lay there utterly spent, with me beside him in a post- coital daze. For the moment oblivious to the world.
Later, Maggie's mocking voice brought me back. "I don't need to ask if you enjoyed that, Julia, do I? And the Party has only just started girl. Aren't you a lucky one? So now, why don't you give Ashley a blow job, while the other boys recover. He'd like that wouldn't you son?" she said, directing her gaze to the 18 year lad in question.
Ashley, who had just watched his two pals having sex, licked his lips at what was being suggested. Maggie pointed a warning finger at me as she waved him forward and I knew I had no choice to perform well, or that hairbrush would be brought out and put to use.
Ashley, now with trousers and underpants removed, got beside me on the bed. His cock was erect, having sprang into action at the mere suggestion of oral sex.
I got off the bed and kneeled on the floor, as he sat there eagerly holding out his stiff erection for me. Then my tongue, getting to action, started to lick what he had.
Up and down its length, I licked sensuously, then around the head. Ashley, surrendered to me in ecstasy and groaned, obviously loving what I was doing to him. Then my mouth, widened, as I took his cock past my lips and sank down the shank. He sighed with unbridled joy. Then my sucking started in earnest, as I put aside my marital vows and got down to doing what I knew I was good at. With the amount of suction I was using, I knew the blow job would not last long and I was proved right, because, a minute or two later, he was cascading a flow of spunk all over the place. Mostly down my throat, which I swallowed and licked up the rest After that, he was a spent force, but still managing to give me a kiss in thanks, as he moved away.
After that, there was more drinking and cannabis use. The boys were obviously not used to so much of it and were slumped on the floor in various parts of Maggie's lounge. Maggie herself was just about out of it. So, I was thinking about how I could get out of there and somehow get to the train station. Just then, there was a knock on the front door, followed Immediately by the door opening. The face of Perryman appeared, a sly dirty grin on his face. He was looking over at me, slavering at the lips. He wanted to get his hands on me again.
"Damn!" I hissed, as Maggie stirred into life. My hopes of a quick exit disappearing by the second.
"Come for your share of pussy, darling?" she sniggered, looking straight at me. "Well you're in luck, cos the lovely Julia is free and available as it happens. .She told me, on the quiet, that she really fancies you, so why don't you take her into yours and look after her for couple of hours, while we have a bit of a kip and collect her later."
Perryman's face lit up with lust and joy. Maggie had just made this dirty old man's day. She came across to get me for him, but, not before yanking off his tie and using it to secure my hands behind my back. Now I was a helpless prisoner and no way was I going to escape. He was now my master and controller. "Please Magie," I implored her, "I don't want to...."
"It's not whatyouwant bitch, It's whatwewant" she hissed, menacingly "and right now, Colin, is in charge of you and you must do as he says."
My heart sank in despair, as the old guy led me out of Megan's small apartment into his. To my dismay, he also locked the door behind us. It was a dirty uninspiring place with grey walls and the stale smell of cauliflower. It was making me feel sick. Would I ever get out of here?
Next, Perryman had me standing, while he crouched down and let his wizened old hands grope me all the way up the silky tanned skin of my legs and thighs. At the same time, he was kissing me all over, telling me how long and shapely my legs were and what a deliciously pert arse I had. With my hands tied behind me, I was unable to ward him off. While he was growling and grunting with lust, I noticed that his face was getting redder and redder. Even so, I had to endure this unwanted kissing and handling for several minutes.
Then a knock on his door made him stop. I was so relieved. He was breathing hard, as, with difficulty, he got to his feet. "Who the fuck is that?" he grumbled, as he reluctantly took his hands off me. There was another knock. "Alright, alright, I'm coming," he angrily shouted. Then, lifting the door lock, he opened up. It was Ashley. "What doyouwant," growled Perryman, clearly in no mood to receive visitors. "I'm about to fuck this bitch, so piss off."
"I've brought Julia's clothes," he replied, holding up a plastic carrier bag. "The ones Maggie threw out the window."
"She doesn't need any clothing," interceded Perryman, with a dirty chuckle. "I like her just fine the way she is." At the same time, he put his hand to his chest and shuffled back to the nearest chair. He was still refaced and breathing hard, as he sat back heavily. The excitement was getting all too much for him.
"Thanks", I said to Ashley, as he set the bag down next to me. "You're very kind."
"Oh well, I didn't like the way Maggie was treating you, so I went down and picked them up. Luckily, nobody had stolen anything."
Then, with Perryman out of it for the moment, I saw an opportunity to get my hands untied. "Ashley," I pleaded, "could you take this off my wrists?"
To his credit, the boy didn't hesitate for a second. The tie was loosened and thrown away. I rubbed my wrists in relief and kissed him on the cheek. "You're a lovely boy," I told him.
"What's going on there?" growled Perryman, getting to his feet and coming towards us. He pointed at Ashley. "You.... out, now," he shouted. Ashley turned and left, but not before looking at me over his shoulder, "see you downstairs," he mouthed, before the door closed.
Suddenly, Perryman was up close and in my face. His foul breath making me turn my head away. But kissing, wasn't what he had in mind, as he led me the short distance to his bed. Then lying me down he was on top of me and feeling me up, again
"Thought you were going to be rescued, did you?" he chuckled. "Well not yet, honey, not til I've shagged you senseless."
All I could do, was just lay there, devastated, looking up at the ceiling in despair, while he systematically explored every part of me, yet again. It was awful.
Luckily, he was too busy ravaging my body to notice my hands were now untied. Later, he came to realise that, when, surreptitiously, I reached for and caressed his cock and balls. "Oh my God," he shouted, clearly surprised and excited. Seconds later, he ejaculated.
As he lay there, shattered, I took my chance, leaping up from the bed, grabbing my bag and shooting into the bathroom.
I have never dressed so quickly, putting on my blouse and skirt in a matter of seconds, leaving my bra on the floor. My sandals had never been taken off, so I was ready to go. I was desperate for a shower but, of course, that would have to wait. I didn't even say goodbye to Perryman, who was still lying there, prostrate and spent.
I raced out of the door and down the stairs, not risking the smelly lift. I was at the front entrance, when it hit me. I didn't have my bag, purse and phone. My palm smacked against my forehead. How could I forget such a thing? In my rushed escape, I had had a feeling that there was something missing. Now, I knew what that was. Going back to Maggie's flat was clearly not an option. So how was I getting back to London, with no money or train tickets,? My heart, once again, sank in despair.
I was at the front entrance, when Ashley spotted me and waved through the glass doors. He was leaning against an old van. "Come on," he urged. "I've got transport. Where do you want to go?"
"I've left my handbag behind, with my purse, phone and train tickets," I sighed. "What am I going to do?"
Ashley, reached behind him through the van's front open passenger window, and pulled up my lost belongings. I joyfully rushed forward and clutched my precious bag to my chest. Inside it, I saw my purse containing the train ticket and the small recording device which I needed for my Quest report. My phone, with the built in camera, was also there along with the precious set of photos of Maggie on the stairs, in an envelope of their own.
"Where did you find these?" I asked him.
"They were on the coffee table, next to your stuff," he told me.
"Oh Ashley, you clever boy," I gushed. "How can I ever thank you?"
He shrugged it off. "Well, there's a mattrass in the back of the van, Maybe, we can think of something." He replied.
"So there's nothing to stay here for now," I realised. "I've got my story and everything I need, so, let's go to Liverpool Railway Station."
On the way there, I checked train times. There was only one running at this time of night, but, it would have to do.
When we arrived at the Station, I looked at my watch. There was an hours wait before its departure. That meant I had time to give Ashley a kiss and cuddle as a reward for his kindness in helping me. His van was parked in a quiet spot in an almost deserted carpark outside the Station so we had perfect privacy.
It started as a brief kiss or two, but, progressed quickly, as Ashley's hand got inside my blouse and helped himself to my ample breasts. My nipples were tweaked and tormented, getting me worked up. Then, overriding my better judgement, he persuaded me to join him on the mattrass, which was laid out on the floor behind the front seats. Once there and breaking his assurances of good behaviour, he slid his hand up the silky skin of my thigh.
"Ashley, I can't," I kept saying, but, nevertheless, my skirt came off and with no panties as a last defence, the young man got on top of me and was determined to have his way. The kissing became more passionate and he started to feel and finger me where he shouldn't.
"Ashley No," I tried but, obviously, I had underestimated him. He was a strong boy and my resistance was weakening by the minute. Ultimately, his will and persistence got him what he wanted and with only 25 minutes to the train leaving, Ashley was fucking me...relentlessly.....and nothing else seemed to matter as his young cock pleasured me to seventh heaven.
Luckily, I made it just in time and there were many empty seats
On the train, I had time to reflect on the things that had gone wrong on this assignment. There was plenty to think about. "Oh well," I sighed, philosophically, "what happens in Liverpool stays in Liverpool."
Then, as the night closed In, I lay my head back and let sleep overcome me. The train, surging down the tracks, was on its way. It was a 3 hour journey to London and I was almost regretting leaving...