Author's note:
In this fifth chapter, Miki, the main character, purposely puts herself in situations that require her to cross more sexual boundaries in order to find her missing friend. Therefore, the consent, while given, is 'dubious'. If that bothers you, please reconsider reading this installment.
All characters are 18+ years of age, and bear no resemblance to any real persons, living or deceased.
This work is 100%fictionandsexual fantasy.
~~~~~~~
Miki opened her eyes slowly. A screeching sound... from her night table... the shrill alarm sent bolts of flashing pain clattering through her skull. She was in her bedroom. Good. Her heart rate increased slowly, a creeping rush of adrenaline and anxiety buoyed her out of sleep, and her hand flew toward the sound, sending her smartphone and its most odious alarm tone flying in a long arc across the room. Her body ached, and as she considered the reasons why, she noticed something different, unfamiliar. Down there. In the back. It was like a burgeoning bowel movement... but different. She kicked her duvet off, and a rush of fresh air cooled her sweaty skin. Rolling to the side, she noticed an empty bottle of whiskey on her night table, no glass. She pulled her knees to her chest and felt something lodged inside her rectum. What the fuck had she done? A vague memory of Serena Lane handing her an anal training plug finally filled in the missing data. When did she put it in, and why? She had no recollection, but at this point she was either going to pull it out or shit it out. The sharp, stinging pains in her skull, the dull, aching cramps in her pelvic area, combined with her growing panic and disorientation triggered an imperative as her fingers searched around her butthole for something to grasp. Whatever it was, it was lodged deep. Deeper than it should have been by her estimation, and she was having trouble getting a grip on the plug end to pull it out. She heaved herself out of bed and squatted, pushing lightly, praying that it would come out... clean. Finally, with enough of a purchase on the soft silicon knob end of the plug she was able to extract it from her anus. The relief was euphoric. No more cramps, no more feeling like she needed to defecate, just delicious, right-sized emptiness, as it was meant to be.
During her shower, fragments of last night began surfacing in her memory. She was on her knees, somebody's dick in her mouth. She had actually gone through with it. Shame flushed her skin and tightened her muscles. She felt like sobbing but couldn't tell in the shower if there were any actual tears.It's ok Miki. You're an adult. You had a good reason, and it's not like you did anything illegal or wrong. Well, it shouldn't be illegal...
More memories of taking a full bottle of booze from the limousine and chugging all the way from the curb until she locked her front door. She couldn't remember inserting the butt plug. What level of inebriation was required for Miki Lenz to do something like that? Thankfully there were no plausible alternate scenarios. She must have taken Serena's advice to heart, she needed 'training'. Her ass felt... well she noticed it was there, something called her to it. She squatted, letting the warm shower caress and relax her as she touched herself, feeling the contour of her puckered sphincter, the soft flesh and the strong ring of muscle tensing and relaxing behind it. She pushed out and felt herself distend, open slightly, allowing the first bit of her index finger to effortlessly slip through. The plug had done its job. She pushed her finger deeper inside her ass, a little shocked at herself for even doing this, but also encouraged by the soft caress of her anal walls against her finger, and the rush of intoxication this insertion brought. It was a different sensation than fingering her pussy, but it felt good. She slipped a second finger inside, this time she could feel her sphincter tighten, the grip around her fingers wasn't painful, but the pressure was significant. The sense of burning stopped as soon as she relaxed again, and she was able to slip both fingers in, down to her knuckles. Her pussy was humming now, begging for attention. She slipped her free hand over her sex and gave it what it craved, first rubbing gently, then harder, fucking both her holes simultaneously, until her knees grew weak and she nearly fell backwards. She kept her fingers well lodged in her ass and finished herself before turning off the water and toweling off.
A small pile of unopened mail had been accumulating by the front door. It didn't feel like a good time to face reality, but Miki wasn't the kind of person to put things off. She opened the first envelope. No return address, almost certainly a creditor... indeed, her credit card debt had been sold to J Hankel Associates, and if she didn't make a call within the first 24 hours of opening this letter, steps would be taken... Aside from a few grocery store coupons and a letter from her mom, the rest were all second notices or outright collection. As if going undercover as an escort wasn't already enough of a mindfuck, Miki had officially sunk to the worst financial bottom of her young adult life.
After downing a cup of coffee she finally remembered why she'd set her alarm: Professor Deal's eight a.m. lecture on corporate and contract law. She hadn't been to class in over a week and needed to get her ass down there asap and be a fucking student.
~~~~~~~
Guilt erupted in Miki's gut like a little caldera as her eyes wandered over the legions of students, all with normal, carefree lives, people that had decidedlynotput themselves in a position to accept money for a blowjob. Once the professor began the opening part of his lecture, she hung onto each word like a lifeline, not only back to academia and her pursuit of a law degree, but also as a way back to who she was before all of this craziness started. Here at school she was just Miki Lenz, and it was comforting even in the thrall of her remorse.
The final summation of today's fiery two hour lecture on the legal ramifications of leveraged buyouts ended, and students slowly filed out through the large doors at the back of the hall. Miki slipped her notes into her bag and did her best to disappear in the throng. "Miss Lenz, may I see you in my office please?" Professor Deal's authoritative voice cut through the murmurs of the crowd and raised the hairs on the back of Miki's neck.
Miki crossed the threshold of Deal's office and her heart sank. She tried to relax but couldn't keep the tension from her face.
"Is everything alright?" His eyes searched for some sign of the bright, driven student he'd come to know. "I haven't seen you in over a week. This is not like you."
"I've been under the weather. Nothing serious, I'm better now."
"I'm glad to hear that." It was difficult to read Professor Deal's expression. Good lawyers have incredible poker face. "Are you sure you're ok? You seem tense."
"I'm just nervous to be called into your office after missing so much class. I promise to catch up quickly." She hated lying but there was no other way. Anyway, good lawyers also had to 'massage the facts' in their favor on occasion.
"Alright Ms. Lenz. If you need anything at all, you know where to find me. I want to see your bright, eager face in class, regularly. And if you continue having health issues please contact me or my TA, believe me when I say you can't afford to fall any further behind than you are now."
"Of course, Professor. You can count on me." She left the office quickly, not entirely sure if she could be counted on for anything anymore. Moments after she left the building, her phone buzzed. She'd been keeping it on vibrate for the last week for 'security' reasons, another layer of deceit and secrecy she was getting used to that was previously unknown. It was a text from James.

Hi Miki. Everything ok?

Fuck. Why was everybody so convinced something was wrong with her? They had spent alotof time together lately, until around 36 hours ago when she embarked on her job interview at The Dollhouse. She had maintained radio silence since. Maybe this was what her guilt really felt like.
All good. Just busy with studies, and tiiiiired. :Exasperated emoji:

Want to grab some food later?

Can't. Studying all weekend. Professor Deal chewed me out in his office today. Maybe next week?

:Thumbs up emoji:


Study hard, and let me know if you want to come up for a breather.

That gave her at least three days to do what she needed to do and not have to lie to him. He'd grown on her a lot. What would he think of her if he knew what she'd done.
Will do! xoxo
The exclamation mark felt insincere, but there it was. She was going to have to figure out how to navigate James, but that bridge could be crossed at a later date, if it came to that.
~~~~~~~
Gwen had no idea where she was. She'd been locked in this small room for what seemed like several weeks. Time had begun to lose meaning. No windows. The only measure of time she had was a small tray of food appearing through the slot in the steel door at regular intervals, perhaps every eight hours? And her need to sleep. But even that was unreliable. Without any changes in the light her circadian rhythm was drifting. All she wanted to do was sleep and find a way out. The room was completely bare, except for the mattress, toilet, and sink. The walls were painted institutional grey, the steel door was nearly the same color. The aluminum toilet and sink reminded her of fixtures in a prison cell, but nothing about her current environment, other than her state of captivity, indicated she was in an actual prison. Who was she being held by, and for what reason and what purpose? The solitude and disorienting lack of answers were driving her mad. The only thing she was certain of is the last person she saw before she woke up in this nightmare: George Karamides.
~~~~~~~
Miki burst out of a fitful sleep and into a waking state of dread, the weight of an unspecified doom lay on her chest like a palette of bricks. She made coffee, the ritual of it easing the tightness, and checked her mobile. Serena had left a message 3:30am for her to come by for orientation this afternoon. Thankfully she only had morning classes and could spend the next two and a half days doing everything in her power to get information on Gwen's whereabouts. She'd wanted to spend some time in the gym today, it had been way too long, her previously unshakable physical routine upended when her friend went missing. No time for the gym, but the six mile run hurt like it hadn't in years: she felt deliciously drained and alive by the time she'd showered, changed, and dashed off to her morning lecture.
After class, she quickly packed her two 'costumes' along with several changes of underwear in her day pack. Even though she wasn't, under any circumstances, going to actually have sex with 'clients' ever again, she figured it couldn't hurt her cover, and it was quintessentially Miki to always be prepared.
Once again, the majestic Spanish Colonial estate had an unnervingly calming effect on her.
It made no sense. This was the place where Gwen had worked, probably disappeared from. The place where Miki had allowed herself to be violated in her most private areas. The place that put her on her knees to suck a stranger's penis for money.
As soon as the gates opened and her driver piloted the luxury SUV onto the grounds, the scent of jasmine and citrus filled her nostrils, the aesthetic perfection pacified her inflamed nerves, and a deep breath seemed to almost melt away the rest of her trepidation. She was dropped behind the house, at the staff and vendor entrance, where she was greeted by an effusive Alex. "Oh Niki! So glad you could join us. Isn't it just a gorgeous afternoon? How have you been? Come, Serena can't wait to see you." It was often impossible to get a word in edgewise during Alex' barrage of enthusiastic questions, but Miki suspected they were never intended to be answered. And he'd used her escort name. She wasn't sure why, but it felt comforting. Perhaps because it afforded her a layer of distance. Or maybe because Niki really,reallyliked this place.
She hurried behind Alex through a hallway from the back of the main estate into the great room. Ancient timber, hand troweled plaster walls, a massive chandelier hanging from the over two story high ceiling... this was a grand space, meant to impress. To Miki it felt otherworldly and a little intimidating.
Serena stood before two beautiful women seated on a grand leather sofa. "Niki dear, welcome. This is Candace, she's been with us for a little over two years and will lead you through your orientation."
Miki smiled. "Hi Candace, very nice to meet you." Candace returned Miki's smile and nodded.
"And this is Gina, she's been here longest, and knows everything there is to know about being a successful Dollhouse girl. If you ever have any questions about protocol, or need help with... well, anything, she's your man.
"Hi Gina, a pleasure. I love your shoes!"
Gina chuckled, her gaze reminded Miki of someone eyeing a delicate pastry. "Thanks."
"Gina, Candace, would you give me a minute with our new girl? I'll send her your way soon as I'm done with her." Candace and Gina both left, and Miki found herself alone with Serena.
"Darling, I just wanted to apologize for throwing you in the deep end with Francis yesterday."
Shit.Was this a trap? Did Francis complain about her menstrual ruse? "I'm sorry if I waffled when you called, it all happened so fast. I don't even know if I was... any good?"
"Nonsense! Francis was very satisfied. He called to sing your praises, and he not only tipped you handsomely, but booked another session next week."
"I'm glad he enjoyed it. I did too!" Miki beamed through her lie. Or was it a lie? Success was success, no matter how it was achieved. Of course, she had no intention of ever setting foot in that man's apartment... ever again.
"You'll want to check your bank account. But I should never have sent you on an outcall without proper orientation and training, so please find it in your heart to forgive me?"
Miki still had no idea if she was being fucked with, but she knew better than to try and second guess this woman. "Serena! Of course I forgive you." She pulled out her mobile, opened her banking app, and tried hard not to choke when she saw the balance. Two hours work, door to door, and most of the second notices and creditors' mail she'd opened earlier that morning had become trivial nuisances. Gratitude, a lie just seconds ago, was now suffused with a surreal authenticity.
"It's settled then. Go join Candace and Gina, they'll get you whipped into shape for tonight."
"Tonight?"
"They'll tell you all about it after the orientation. Now shoo."
Miki walked quickly in the direction Serena pointed, to another hallway where Gina and Candace had been waiting. Candace extended her lithe, perfectly manicured hand, Miki shook it earnestly. Candace's skin was soft, her grip firm. "First, I want to welcome you to the finest establishment of its kind on the west coast. You should be proud to be a part of all this." She gestured dramatically around herself at the fine architecture. "So let's give you a tour, and then Gina will go over the basics, plus some of the finer points of being a Dollhouse girl. Alright?"
Miki swallowed. "Lead on."
The tour was brisk, but Candace was friendly. Her sweet demeanor and calm voice settled Miki as she was led through the most fabulous estate she'd ever set foot in, not that she'd had occasion to visit a lot of rich people's digs before. Candace explained the great room, grand ballroom, dining hall, foyer, and entertainment lounge. Guests would arrive in a few hours, and each room had its own significance and rules. Girls could expect to be propositioned in the great room, foyer, and dining hall, but could not perform any sexual acts there, beyond getting groped, flirting, and kissing. Nudity was permitted and encouraged anywhere on the grounds except by the front gate. The ballroom was generally used for special events, instructions would be issued per event. The entertainment lounge was a free zone, and things could get pretty wild in there. "Niki, have you ever taken part in a gang bang or orgy?"
Miki blushed deep crimson and choked like a novice, a feeling she despised. "Errr.. No. Notyet."
"That's totally fine, most girls when they start out haven't explored very far into their sexual boundaries. We are here to help you with that, but I recommend you stay clear of the lounge at least the first few times you're here with guests. Wouldn't want you to get in over your head and have a bad experience!"
Miki was grateful for Candace's concern, even though it was unnecessary. The plan was to mingle, get lost, find clues, and get the fuck out before any more compromising 'stuff' happened.And that is non-negotiable, Miki Lenz.
There were also guest and staff services, like a laundry room, cafeteria, massage rooms for the girls to wind down during and after work, and a gorgeous swimming pool. But Miki's favorite was the state of the art training facility in the basement. "We take mental and physical conditioning very seriously. It's no different than being on an elite football or basketball team. Our bodies are our most valuable asset, there is nothing more important than maintaining good shape and stamina." She ran her eyes over Miki's taught, strong body and smiled. "Something I'm sure you understand."
"You guys are going to wish you'd never shown me this." Miki grinned and Candice uttered a charming burst of laughter. Gina approached. She obviously spent a lot of time in the gym, her body was toned and lean with more muscle definition than either Miki or the softer Candice.
"So I'm going to hand you over to the tender mercies of Gina."
"Hey scrub. Follow me." Miki followed Gina upstairs and outside to a large patio area, then took a seat across from her at a dining table.
"I just hate wasting a gorgeous afternoon indoors, don't you?" She looked Miki up and down again. "How long you been in the business?" Gina wasn't shy about staring at Miki's chest. It made her a tiny bit uncomfortable.
"I... just started. Like yesterday. I mean for money."
"Your first work experience is at the Dollhouse. You must be good."
"I don't know. I feel pretty out of my depth."
"First few times are tough. Weren't for me, but most girls, yeah, tough. I was a slut way before I was a whore, so really the main thing that changed were my finances." Gina expelled a husky, throaty laugh. Miki joined in a little too enthusiastically, her discomfort obvious.
"So, Niki, just want to get you up to speed on basic shit, do's and don'ts of this fine establishment." This was Miki's forte - listen carefully, study hard, succeed. " First, Dollhouse girls always say 'yes'. If a client approaches you while you are on the grounds, you smile, act as though you're charmed and honored, and if he wants to fuck, you say...?"
"Yes." Miki swallowed.Just say the words, go along with it. Soon as this is over you can get lost and maybe find something helpful about Gwen.
"If you get a text from Serena or a supervisor giving you an out-call, what do you say?"
Miki nodded. "One hundred percentyes. I'm here to earn money."
"Good. Second, and this should be super obvious, no extracurricular shenanigans. You don't take clients on the side, for health reasons... you don't poach Dollhouse clients, and you don't fraternize with them either. When they try to sell you on 'taking you away from all this', proposals of marriage and promises of riches and all that bullshit, don't buy it. You're a whore, they are tricks, and that's fuckin' that. If you can process that and be ok with it, you'll go far. If not, quit now before you end up suicidal and staring down the debt for twenty years of therapy."
The truth of it struck Miki. But... she was here to save Gwen, not to chart a new career path. She nodded gravely at Gina.
Gina smiled. "We stick together. Anything you need? You can count on us. Serena, Alex, me, Candace, and any of the other super great people working here. We are your family, if you want one. If not, fine, but let me tell you, it can be a lonely life. I'm assuming you're not attached at the moment?"
"Oh, no. No boyfriend." What was James?Not a boyfriend. Keep it simple.
"It's better that way. Men can't deal with the lifestyle. They think they can. Maybe they're even turned on by the idea their girl is sucking and fucking ten guys a night and getting loads of cum pumped down their throats, in their pussies and asses and on their faces..." Gina was clearly getting off on winding Miki up, "but in the end their little egos crumble against the sheer magnitude of the fuckery. Soon as they start pestering you about your clients' dick sizes it's time to pack your bags."
Miki let Gina enjoy her little power-trip-over-the-new-girl, but she'd also been pondering what James would think of her ever since she left for her interview. There was a reason she didn't call or text him. "I don't think I'm really relationship material anyway."
"Which is why you'll be fighting the bastards off left and right." Gina's deep, husky laugh was infectious, Miki found herself chuckling without really knowing why. Like she would ever consider men paying women to use their body for their own base gratification would have anything to offer, short or long term. "Our guests always want most what they can't have. Remember that, and use it to your advantage."
Gina continued. "So, as far as the facilities and grounds are concerned, they are yours to use as you please. You can come hang out any time you want, for as long as you want, with one condition: as long as you are on the grounds, you are available. Goes right back to rule one: Dollhouse girls always say yes." She stared Miki down. "If you had a long night, passed out in a guest room, and some shitfaced, bucktoothed, knuckle dragging pervert walks in and wants to stick his fat dick your ass?"
"Oh god, yes, I'd love to!" Miki secretly cringed.What the fuck.
"There ya go. You've just finished a grueling two hour workout, your cunt stinks, you're sweaty, your muscles are on fire, and you feel like rancid jello when Freddy-Fuckin-Fat-Ass leans up against you, grabs your tit, and pulls out his dick?"
"Here, let me wrap my lips around that for you, Freddy." Miki wasn't quite sure she'd pulled off the sex kitten voice, but she was a work in progress. Practice makes perfect.
"Hell yeah. Good girl. Speaking of which, you like women, or just men?"
"Honestly? I've only ever been with men."
"If you ever want to, you know, experiment..." Miki could feel Gina's lust. It wasn't totally a one way thing. Gina was absurdly sexy in a tomboy-cum-supermodel kind of way. Her breathy, husky voice, her unbridled confidence and intense, slightly masculine mannerisms were an unexpected turn on. And that body. All those years of Miki's self criticism, dedication to exercise and nutrition, and Gina had almost everything Miki felt she herself was lacking. She wondered how Gina had ended up working in a place like this.Duh: Gina was a slut before she was a whore.... Miki blushed but words escaped her. Was Gina a mentor? Beautiful and intimidating... or maybe Miki just didn't know what to do with being wanted by a woman.
"So what was this thing tonight you guys were talking about?"
"Fridays are pretty wild here. All our registered clients are welcome to attend, just a great big fuckfest kind of party. It's super fun, you'll love it!"
"Umm so what, we just hang out?"
"More or less. And if some old crusty bastard comes up to you, grabs you by the pussy, and asks you to fuck, what do you say?"
"Which hole you want to put that big cock of yours in, mister?" Miki sighed. It was embarrassing but also kind of hilarious, this role she was playing. Tragicomedy.
"You're smarter than you look, scrub. You can hang out, take a swim, eat in the cafeteria, work out, sleep, whatever you feel like. Once the guests start rolling in you put on your 'A' slut game, mingle, and count the money. That's all there is to it."
"Cool. Wow. I can go anywhere?"
"Yeah, but stay out of the lounge for tonight, and definitely stay out of the room with the red door upstairs. That's for kinky shit. I can get you trained up for that if you're interested, but let's get you acclimated before you get tied up and caned, ok?"
Miki shuddered. That did not sound like fun. Why would anybody agree to subject themselves to physical pain? She'd often wondered exactly that, mesmerized as she browsed hardcore BDSM videos. "Ok. Thanks Gina. And if I ever decide to... um... you'll be the first to know." She smiled goodbye and made her way downstairs to the gym. After Gina's not so subtle proposition Miki needed to blow off a little more steam. Maybe she could start there, in the basement, and work her way to the top floor. She vowed to look in every nook and cranny before the night was over. And maybe someone at the party had seen Gwen.
~~~~~~~
Miki had the gym to herself, for the most part. She did a full circuit of upper body endurance with 15lbs dumbbells. At one point Candace did twenty minutes on the treadmill and they exchanged a few pleasantries, but Miki was all business: squats and lunges for her legs and ass, a high rep dumbbell routine for her upper body, and an intense 20 minute yoga 'cooldown' to put the icing on it. She also did a thorough check of the men's and women's locker areas, looking for who knows what. After a quick shower, Miki looked at herself in the full length bathroom mirror. She always liked herself so much better after a hard workout, and decided to finally break out the orange fuzzy top and rubberized skirt for whatever this was going to be tonight. Candace had shown her to her locker at the end of orientation, and she'd carefully placed her 'civilian' clothes inside. They'd be waiting for her, safe, ready to ferry her back to her own life once she'd found something tangible she could bring to Lt. Thompson.
She started in the cafeteria and met a beautiful tall brunette who introduced herself as Paulina, but had been away for six months, so a total waste of ten precious minutes. She felt time slip away as she made her way through the main house from the basement, through the ground floor, up to the suites on the second floor, and finally the V.I.P. suites on the third. She had no idea what she was looking for, but she was absolutely sure she didn't find it after her frustratingly thorough snooping. It had been weeks, the likelihood of physical evidence was minimal, but a girl could dream. She was going to have to get her breadcrumbs from living breathing people. Her co-workers. Clients maybe. That sense of dread came back. She was dressed like a whore. She was here, playing a whore. People were going to have expectations...
The only place she hadn't checked yet was the room with the red door, which had been locked, and the lounge. She'd been advised to stay away from both, but the lounge was accessible and she could still squeeze in a quick round before guests arrived.
Miki exhaled in ironic wonder as she entered the 1970's pimpadelic tour-bus-chic space. Orange and purple neon tubes lined the walls and ceilings, a black shag carpet blanketed the floor, and quilted orange leather swiveling bar seats encircled each round, leather trimmed bar table. The table groups formed concentric circles outward, emanating from a large and very groovy fireplace in the center of the room, which was lined with a purple and black quilted leather circular sofa. In the back was a small stage, and on the side a bar that ran the entire length of the room. There was a mirrorball in the center, and what looked like a state of the art lighting rig on the ceiling. The whole thing had a decidedly 'Mach 1' kind of splendor. The whole place was at 100% odds with the estate, but somehow it worked. She couldn't help but wonder what it would be like in here a few hours later, and noted that her outfit was, ahem, totally color coordinated with the decor. She'd been warned to stay away and was definitely in no hurry to get roped into any creepy group sex misadventures or whatever it was they were going to get up to.
"Hey, new girl. I thought I told you to keep clear of this room." Miki almost jumped three feet, Gina doubled over laughing.
"Oh fuck you scared the shit out of me. I was just taking a look, you know, before things get going."
Gina's eyes sparkled in the orange and purple neon glow as she took another gentle swipe. "That's what they all say. I'd say you have maybe ten minutes on the outside before the first wave hits the lounge, slut."
"Are you staying?"
"Yeah, this place is my jam, I keep an eye on things, make sure everybody has a good time, if you know what I mean."
She didn't know what Gina meant, and it annoyed her. Why did she even give a crap what happened in this cheesy theme park edition of a 1970's pimp bar? "So I can't even just like... peek in later?"
"You can do anything you want. But Dollhouse girls always say..."
"Yes."Fuck. For whatever reason, Miki knew she'd have to eventually scour and scrutinize this place. For clues.
"If you want to just watch, I'll take you to the supervisor's office up there. One way mirror. But you're gonna owe me."
"Owe you what?"
"I'll think of something."
That sounded ominous. Maybe she'd have to take Gina up on it. Hopefully some of the other rooms would give up something that would make all this unnecessary.
The unmistakable din of guests entering the mansion pricked up Miki's ears. She ran back through the hallway to the great room and scurried up the stairs before anyone could spot her. She felt like a naked moving target, her tits barely contained by her fuzzy orange fuck-me-billboard of a tube top, and her ass crack almost certainly making an appearance from under the stupidly mini skirt as she climbed the stairs two steps at a time for efficiency. She hovered at the top, out of sight of the men that began to filter into the great room.
How was she going to talk to clients without having to end up saying 'yes'? One thing was for sure: she wasn't going to get anywhere hiding up here like a frightened doe. As she descended the stairs, and the voices of guests mingling grew louder, she stiffened, unsure of how to proceed.Stay away from clients. Start with the girls. You'll figure something out, you always do.She had yet to meet most of her 'co-workers', a perfect excuse to keep herself out of the fray. She beelined for the redhead in the slutty white mini dress, an unfamiliar face. "Hi I'm Niki. I'm new."
"Hi Niki, I'm Cheri. Really nice to meet you, Gina was talking about you. How you like the party so far?" Cheri flipped her hair away from her face and beamed at Miki. She was a little taller, and a little more endowed, her milky white skin contrasted starkly with her red lipstick and dark eyeshadow.
"It's great. I'm a little nervous though, I didn't think I'd be... you know... available tonight. I kind of need a little chill after last night."
"Did something bad happen?"
"No, no. I just interviewed yesterday and was supposed to do training and stuff, but Serena sent me on an outcall. It was just super sudden is all."
"Oh sweetie, yeah, it's a business. Never forget how this place earns, no matter how fancy it all looks. I know a quiet spot where you can hang out, I'll get us drinks and we can have a little chat, get you ready for your big night. Ok?"
"Sounds great."
Cheri led Miki through the growing crowd and into the hallway leading to the lounge, turning left into a short hallway that opened up to several quiet booths. "Hardly anybody comes here anymore, used to be part of the lounge, but since the remodel us girls use it to take breaks when we're working the group stuff in there. See that door back there, leads right to the backstage, if you ever find yourself needing a quick exit."
"Thanks. So how long have you worked here?" Miki needed to sound Cheri out a bit before leaping into questions about Gwen.
"Three years almost. Started out as a freelancer, just when they needed extra girls, you know. Ended up getting an offer after a couple of months. So tell me about last night, your first client, how'd it go?"
"It was cool, just super sudden."
"What did you do with him? Was it Francis? He always snipes new talent."
"Yeah, he was nice. I gave him a blowjob." Miki's face turned beet red. It almost felt like she was in that man's apartment again, on her knees.
"Oh wow, you're a shy one, aren't you? How the fuck did you end up in this line of work, girl?"
"Law degrees are very expensive."
"Oh that's cool, doing it for your future. I'm in this because I have no other life skills. But I do enjoy my work, for the most part. So did you like it? I mean as much as one can like sucking strange cock?"
"I don't know. It's ok I guess."
"Ok? Was Francis... polite? He can be a dick sometimes."
"He was nice. I went ok, but I felt so humiliated." She hesitated a moment, then added, conspiratorially, "...and the fucked-up thing is maybe I liked that part, too."
"Well you're in luck, there's plenty of humiliation to be had in this business." Cheri laughed so hard she snorted. Miki couldn't help but join her, within seconds they were both hysterical, unable to stop until cramps and exhaustion set it.
Miki wiped the tears from her face. "Wow. Ok. On another note, I've been trying to find someone that works here. My friend told me to look her up. Gwen. Though I guess maybe she doesn't use that name here? Blonde, 5'7" big tits, really hot? And she has a tattoo of a dragon on her thigh, like sailors used to have."
"Courtney? Sounds like her, anyway."
Miki swallowed her now drumming heartbeat. "Courtney... Is she around tonight?"
"Might be?"
"I hope she's here."
"She's cool. Doesn't really mingle with the rest of us that much, but she's nice, and the guys love her. She's into some kinky-ass shit."
"Sounds like her alright. When was the last time you saw her?"
"I don't know. Couple weeks?"
Miki felt awkward. There wasn't anywhere to go from here without it becoming obvious that she really wanted to find Gwen...no, Courtney."If you do see her, can you let her know a friend of Mick is looking for her?" Mick... Miki... Niki... she was going to trip over her lies sooner or later.
"Sure. Hey, want to go check out the main room? Sounds like things are picking up in there."
"Yeah, let's go." Miki could always escape back here if she needed to lay low, if one of the guests got any ideas...
"If you see somebody you want just go for it. And if you need me to wingman or run interference, just say the word."
"Thanks." Miki meant it. Cheri was great. And beautiful. And someone she might even be friends with if it weren't for this terrible situation.
They walked back out of the hall and into the now bustling great room. The chandelier had been dimmed, and the darkened room was illuminated in dramatic pools of light from spot units in the ceiling. Serena held court in the center of the room, a group of well dressed men of varying ages, Miki estimated ranging from early thirties to late sixties, rapt as she spun a tale Miki couldn't hear. Several very beautiful, very scantily clad women made their way through the rest of the crowd of mostly well dressed, affluent looking men. She assumed most, if not all of the women present were her, as yet, unmet colleagues.
Cheri scanned the room. "Kind of slim pickins right now, but it's early. You want something to drink sweetie?"
Miki definitely wanted something to drink. Her mouth was dry, her throat was scratchy, and her knees were starting to shake as she'd been leered at by at least three men in the last ninety seconds. She was a plate of oysters at the buffet, what did she expect? "I guess a gin and tonic. Thanks."
Cheri sauntered off, smiling at guests, shaking hands, it took her a full minute to get across the room to the bar. Serena waved. Miki waved back and smiled, hopefully not looking too terrified. Serena waved again. Not waving, beckoning. Miki swallowed, wishing she already had a drink in her as she made her way over to her new 'boss'. Serena looked like a wraith dripping in sex appeal, a full length black leather dress with a neckline that plunged almost all the way to her crotch. "Nicki darling, wow! I just love your outfit, again."
Miki choked out a nervous laugh. "Thanks. I got it for a special occasion." Three men had drifted over, making a total of eight sets of male eyes scanning over Miki's pale, exposed skin. Mercifully it was too dark for them to notice her goosebumps.
"Niki here is brand new, guys. Don't you just want to eat her right up?" Serena ran her fingers through Miki's tousled hair, chills running down her spine as the redhead's long nails caressed her scalp in front of all these... men.
"Pleasure, Niki." A slightly overweight man with dark hair and a receding hairline in a three piece suit held out his hand. "Donald Martin, you can call me Don."
The hairs on the back of her neck stood up, but she met his hand with hers. He lifted it to his lips and kissed the back of her fingers. The gesture, otherwise innocent, felt like a violation, perhaps because she was half naked in a brothel with eight strangers leering at her. "The pleasure is mine, Don." She managed a smile, not too friendly, hopefully just enough to satisfy Serena and not enough to give Don any further encouragement.
Don looked at Serena. "You really know how to pick em. I think I'll take her."
What? No. No no no no...."Oh!"
That dread from this morning, this was the reason. There was no way out, was there? The inevitable consequence of her actions. James had warned her. Lt. Thompson would have if she'd been honest. She'd been so focused on 'succeeding' she'd somehow sublimated the certainty of this outcome, denied the inevitable truth of it. Her chest heaved and she nearly fell over from the rush of dizziness that threatened to overwhelm her. Serena deftly held her hand to steady her. "Well darling, looks like you win the prize: first fuck of the night. Congratulations."
Congratulations. She felt a moment of adrenaline, courtesy of her competitive pride, then the bottom fell out and she almost buckled at the knees again. For fuck's sake, she was short, had no tits. Was even a little boyish. Why was he interested in her, anyway? She wanted to scream.Look at all the hot, big breasted sluts prowling this room right now just waiting for you... why me?"Oh Don! I'm so flattered. You have someplace for us to go?"
Don smiled and took her hand, leading her up the stairs to the first floor. To her doom.
No way out. She had to find something, some way to stop this. Why had she been so stupid. She'd already crossed enough lines, fucked up badly, just to plant herself in exactly the same dilemma. No. Worse. In the belly of the beast, this time, knowing full well something like this was going to happen, and not running as far from this disaster as she could. Gwen. That's why she was here. And if that meant...
Don held the door open to suite 214, one of the private guest rooms on the second floor, and Miki walked in, hesitating a moment at the threshold, but not finding any viable excuse for staying out. The stakes weren't going to change just because she wanted them to.
It was a lovely room, dark paneled walls, hardwood parquet flooring with numerous intricate and deep Persian rugs at all the important places, a large chesterfield sofa, wet-bar, and a looming, menacing four poster bed at the back. The fireplace crackled, sending a warm orange glow quivering through the room.
He followed her in. "Let me refresh your drink, Niki. What are you having?"
She lifted her glass. "Gin and tonic. Thank you." Her skin felt too tight. She was freezing cold, even with the lit fireplace, the obvious heat from it struck her skin, but deep down she was cold. Maybe if she sat down, covered her ass and crossed her legs, maybe he'd...that's right Miki, keep up the delusional thinking, it's working out great so far."So, you come here often, Don?"
Don looked up as he poured her drink. "Not all that often, just when the wife is out of town."
Of course the fuckface is married. I'm a home-wrecker now, too."Oh that's cool, while that cat's away, right?"
"Exactly. And I'm going to play with you long and hard, my dear Niki." Beads of sweat formed on Don's brow.
"Oh my." Her worried look was 100% authentic.
"My nervous little flower. Take off your top."
Deep breath.Breathe."I'm a little chilly, let me just warm my tummy with that wonderful drink you're fixing."
"If you're cold I could order up something hot to drink." Before Miki could object, he lifted the phone handle and waited a moment. "Yeah, this is Don in 214, can you please send up a mug of mulled wine for my darling Niki? Perfect. Thank you."
It was a nice gesture. He wasn't terrible looking. Kind eyes, and so far the only thing that really got under her skin was the fact that he was going to pay to use her body, and that he was married. Not insignificant, but shewasin a whore house, so that first thing was kind of a foregone conclusion. And she supposed lots of married men did this. How would his wife feel if she knew? Knew that he was about to...don't think about it."Thank you so much. Really kind of you."
"I just want to see your tits." He winked and chuckled, it was supposed to relieve some of the tension he felt, and she knew it, but it stung a little anyway.
"I don't have much there. I worry you're going to be disappointed."
"Highly unlikely, Niki. Not like that little fuzzy top is hiding much, I'd have to be legally blind to be surprised by what's under there."
She looked down at her chest. True. Mostly hidden from sight were her nipples. And for some irritating reason they were getting hard. She took a long, hard gulp of her gin and tonic, looked back down at her chest, then up at Don. Her eyes held a mixture of pleading and need. Niki Spencer would be ready to shed her clothes and debase herself for this stranger, lean into the humiliation, the deeper the better. Miki's grip on her modesty, what shreds of it still remained, were tenuous.
She blinked and rose to her feet. Her hands moved to cover her breasts, her fingers slipping underneath the soft, fuzzy fabric of the tube-top. She hesitated. Don grinned in anticipation.Don't be a prude. They're just tits. Not like he isn't about to have access to a whole lot more.She lifted at the supple, elastic fabric, pulled it up slowly. Her nipples were pebble hard as the hem of the fabric caught on them, almost painfully, then her breasts were free. Don inhaled deeply. "Oh, those are nice." Her lips curled in the slightest of smiles. "Come over here, little Niki. Give me closer look." Closer.No. Please stay back.If she failed right now, all would be for naught. Gwen. Where was Gwen? She walked slowly towards Don, keenly aware that her breasts swayed and bounced ever so slightly with each step. Her stomach tensed, a hollow knot inside. A knock at the door.
Don stepped away and opened it to a man in his early twenties holding a tray with a glass mug of steaming mulled wine. "Come on in, just put that down right there." Don pointed at the table in front of the large Chesterfield sofa. Miki was horrified. The room service guy reminded her of James. He was young, handsome, someone she'd maybe have looked at twice at a bar. Maybe spun a fantasy or two about. And here she was, bare chested, half naked, in a room with an older stranger. Like a whore. That hollow knot burned now, with shame. The cold fire spread through her body, like cramps in her limbs, a vice grip on her heart, and a steady thrumming between her legs.
Don took the mug, thanked the young man, left a wad of bills on his tray, then shut the door behind him. "Now... where were we? Oh yes, I was wanting a closer look at those lovely little titties."
If her legs functioned she'd have run. But they were useless, refused to move. She was mortified, almost in a state of complete panic, a loud wall of silence between her ears, her vision patchy. Don just shrugged and walked over to her. He stood inches away from her, she could feel his warm breath on her cold skin. Her nipples were a fury, her pussy wet and excruciatingly empty, and her mind cramped around her body's breach of trust. She'd been holding her breath, didn't realize it until he touched her and her lungs sprang into action, inhaling deeply as his fingers grazed the tender skin of her left breast. She felt like prey, in that moment knowing the struggle was over, giving herself up to the inevitable. "Mmmmmm." She arched to his touch, and he cupped both breasts, gave them a squeeze, relishing the soft skin, the weight and feel of them firm and substantial even though they were less than a handful.
He felt her nipples gently stab into his palms, and leaned forward, planting a kiss on her cheek. His tongue drifted out to her neck. Her breath stuttered in horrified ecstasy as he planted more kisses down her neck to her collarbone. He pushed her backwards, holding her in his arms, guiding her toward the bed. She was coming undone, not entirely in a bad way, but also a little like she was racing, head first, into a brick wall. Don's touches, his attention, were at once delightful and manipulative. He was wielding her body now, using her arousal and trepidation against her, for his own gain. Or was that giving him too much credit? As far as he knew she was an escort at the best brothel in town, not a second year law student recklessly working undercover to discover the whereabouts of her missing best friend.
His hand pressed against her chest, her heart thumped at it both out of desire and trepidation. She felt the edge of the bed bump against the back of her thighs and it was already too late, she was falling backwards, in slow motion, as Don watched with a wide grin on his face. He thought to himself how absolutely perfect she was, this tantalizing paradox of slutty and shy. There was an honesty about her, something tangibly different from most of the girls he'd been with in this gilded cesspool. And her body was so delectably different. True, she was a little flat in the chest, but her breasts were beautiful. He undid the button on her skirt and pulled it down, letting it fall to the floor, then her removed her panties. There she was. All of her, all his. And that ass, those legs, his dick throbbed as he considered all the different parts of her he would to savor, cherish, and defile. He started by gripping her sides just above her hips, then sank to his knees. Damp heat radiated from between her legs as he moved in for the kill, her sweet scent, her tender, moist flesh down there. He had to taste her. He pushed her legs apart with his shoulders.
Miki was nearly paralyzed, unable to speak, wanting to scream or beg, for what, exactly, she wasn't sure. Her breath held, then released in short fits as his tongue made contact with her soft, silky labia. The most tender flesh on the outside of her body, licked gently, tongue flicking up toward her button, soft pressure, wet, warm, practiced. Her last bit of focus dissolved into a long moan as he stimulated her sex. Niki Spencer wanted Don to block out the light from every one of her needy, empty holes.
He pushed a finger inside her hole, so soft, so tight, then another. He curled his fingers as he withdrew and felt the slightly rougher area behind her clitoris, that supreme bundle of nerves, and as he grazed it he felt her thighs clamping against the sides of his face. She lost control, arching her back and pushing her hips harder against his face, because of his touch. A thoroughbred. No boredom, no fake moans and insincere 'oh baby... you make me so wet and horny' bullshit, just pure response, all fire. He felt her hands push away against his forehead, simultaneously forcing her hips harder against his face and fingers. He needed to stuff his cock into her perfect pussy immediately.
He pulled back, face glazed in her sweet and tangy nectar, held his semi erect cock in his hands and gave her that look. Even in her quasi-orgasmic state she knew what he wanted. She lifted herself from the bed and slid to her knees on the carpet in front of him, the pile digging deliciously into her knees and toes as she gripped his cock and brought it to her lips. He groaned as she opened up for him, took him inside her mouth. Bobbing, slurping, choking. Niki was voracious. No tentative licks or nibbles, this was a cocksucking whore that needed to be fed. His cock stiffened after two strokes in her delicious mouth, her tongue dancing under his frenulum, arguably the male version of a g-spot.
And then Niki impaled herself on him. All the way past Miki's comfort zone, until she couldn't breathe, her stomach muscles tensing and pushing out, holding back the gag. As she extracted her face from his shaft, her lungs filled with air, a euphoric rush of oxygen rising like bubbles in every part of her body. Her cunt ached, empty and in desperate need of filling.
Miki, locked in battle again: a death-spiral of need and revulsion, the powerful alchemy of arousal and humiliation clouding all reason and logic. She pulled him out of her mouth, turned her back to him... Niki Spencer triumphant. She leaned over the bed with her legs spread nice and wide like the good little whore she was, and presented her desperately deprived hole for Don to use as he saw fit.
He almost shook as he entered her. All three much maligned erotic cliches proving true: hot, wet, and tight. But there was something more. Her lithe body, her unstudied grace, and the inescapable feeling she was doing something far outside of her comfort zone; she was here in spite of herself but clearly needing this. It made his entry into her vagina all the more special, and he easily ignored the pang that he was taking something from her. He took his time, and as he finally bottomed out inside her he was shaking. His greed for her was at such a pitch he needed to calm down or this was going to be over much too quickly.
So he reeled himself in, slowed his breathing, took a moment to look around the room, away from her, from her delicate skin, her taught, sinewy muscles as she writhed beneath and around him, from her black, shiny mess of hair and that considerable, wonderful ass. As his tour of the room's decor came to an end, back on her perfect derriere, he raised his palm and brought it down with a light crack on her buttock. It jiggled just ever so slightly, all dense muscle, very little fat.
She whimpered. "Oh god. Make it fucking hurt, Mr. Martin."
He couldn't restrain himself and smacked her again, on the other cheek, enough to feel a sting on his palm. She responded instantly, grinding her ass against his hips, throwing herself back at him for more, her mind void except for the sting on her cheek, the euphoric rush of shame, and the wondrous fullness inside her. He retracted his hips, savoring the view as her lovely labia caressed his shaft, watching it drag over his bulging veins, her juices glimmering on his light brown skin, then firmly plowed inside her again, balls against clit each stroke. Her core clenched and throbbed for him, exhaling from the emptiness as he pulled out, expanding in a rumbling satisfaction as he thrust back inside her. Her body shook as he slammed into her, she met each thrust with her own aching push back against him.
He gripped her waist again, she didn't know why but she felt so good in his grip. He flipped her on her back, pushed her thighs up against his chest. She gripped his wet cock, guiding him back inside her. She wasn't sure if she should look away, meeting his eyes seemed too intimate, but looking away, was that disrespectful? She smiled for a moment before his cock grazed against her g-spot and her vision expanded into a milky orange haze, her body thrumming with energy, eruption imminent.
Don was sweating buckets. Fucking a prostitute wasn't usually this much work. Like she was a 'normal' girl, one that would maybe smile politely if he approached her at a bar, but underneath would plot the best and fastest way to extricate herself from his presence. A girlfriend. A boyfriend. A prior appointment. And here she was, his to win or lose. He wanted to keep her. Her tendrils were burrowing into his pounding, aching heart. He needed to fill her and make her understand... understand what, exactly? That he was falling for an escort? Fuck that. This was the Dollhouse: she was a whore, simple fact. Anything else was the pathetic delusion of a middle-aged piece of shit in a marriage that had devolved into habit, nothing more. He thrust harder, the bitter tang of anger lacing each penetration, and it just made him want to fuck her harder.
Miki was somewhere else. Her body was still on the mattress, being fucked harder and harder by a sweaty, middle aged man who moments ago had been practically making love to her, and now was hammering her poor little pussy with everything he had. It was working. She was trash, and he figured it out, and now he was just using her, giving her exactly what she deserved... her stomach turned as her being crossed the threshold, moving to that other place, blinding amber, no words, body untethered to what was left of her mind and soul. She was probably screeching or mewling or screaming but she couldn't be sure. She had a vague sensation of her body convulsing, locked in a twisting arch of overwhelming pleasure as her groin contracted and pulsed.
She flooded his cock with warm jets of cum, inside and out, little spurts wetting his pubis as her body tremored beneath him. He managed three more thrusts, slower, sensual, caring, as she came back from wherever it was she had gone, her eyes almost focused again. He shuddered, checked himself. Again, that absurd impulse to 'keep her'. He put an end to that by pulling his throbbing cock out of her throbbing cunt, and walking up the length of her torso on his knees, her chest heaving with quickened breaths, pinning her to the bed with his hips as he jerked himself in front of her face. He shook off the aching in his heart as her eyes widened. Was she bracing herself? Good. His first spurt of cum on her face erased the absurd fantasy that he was going to live happily ever after with a prostitute from The Dollhouse that he'd fucked one time. He further ejaculated over her pretty, pursed lips, her soft cheek, her wondrous nose. Put her in her place. She was just a whore, and he was in control of this. She looked just about right sized coated in his sperm, thick globs dribbling down her pretty features, a dumbfounded expression on her face.
It was done. She was done. A horrible, horrible person. She deserved his disdain, his wrath. A slut covered in his filth, that's all she was. Good riddance. She couldn't move. Her pussy was positively on fire, her eyes rolled back in her head, and another wave of orgasm washed over her as she drowned in his white, sticky sperm, her shameful climax, and the bitter bliss of her corruption.
By the time she fully returned to her body, Don's cum had already cooled on her face. It felt... strange. Not great. She looked for something to clean herself off with.
"Here you go, darling." Don handed her a packet of wipes from the night table.
"Thanks. And... wow."
Don smiled. He seemed slightly uncomfortable at first, but then he softened. "You were incredible, Niki. I'm so glad you're working here."
Working. Here. At a brothel."Me too!" How was she still in character? She wondered what it would take to shake her. Maybe nothing. She was here for a reason. Gwen needed her. "I'll wash you up, lets hop in the shower."
Miki led Don to the private en-suite bathroom, ran the water as hot as she could stand it, and climbed in. Don followed. She dutifully washed him with soap and a washcloth before tending to her own hygiene, and she had no fucking clue why. No idea why she wasn't throwing up right now, or at least in and out of the shower as fast as possible to get away from this person who'd just done unspeakable things to, no... with her. It felt nice caring for someone and helped with the come-down from what might have been the a total out of body experience.
Don had gotten dressed and left the room before she was out of the shower. She found a five hundred dollar tip on the night table next to the wipes. Her stomach filled with acid and she wasn't sure she was actually breathing as she collected the bills and put them in her clutch purse.
By the time she reached bottom of the stairs Serena had spotted her and was moving in her direction. What did she want now? For her to fuck another client? She needed to get out of this place. But it wasn't going to happen. The wraith's mouth widened into a sardonic grin as she stood before Miki at the bottom of the stairs. "So? How do you think you did?" Miki had the impression she was being interrogated. Was Serena onto her? Did one of the girls she'd talked to narc on her, wondering why the new girl was asking so many questions? Family, indeed. Fear curdled in her guts. "Good I guess? Don seemed happy."
"Oh he was happy darling. You want a drink?"
"Just some water, I'm so dehydrated."
"Not surprising. Don said you came like a fire-hydrant." Serena's giggle was, under any circumstances, a little creepy, icy. Miki smiled, her post orgasmic haze masking her jitters and adding a little dose of ditzy. If she wasn't going to get the fuck out of here, what Miki really needed to do was get this night back on track, back on mission. Make this debacle pay off. Maybe Don knew something? She was an idiot for not asking about it BEFORE he came all over her. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. She wouldn't make that mistake a second time. Not that there was any fucking way she was going to let herself be prostituted twice in one night. No fucking way, ever.
Cheri drifted over with a glass liter bottle of Evian, Miki drew from it like she was trying to put out a fire. "Thanks Cheri. I need to use the girls' room, you want to come?" Cheri smiled, knowingly, and took Miki's hand. They turned and made their way to the hallway in the back.
Serena narrowed her eyes. "You girls stay out of trouble, now."
Miki breathed a sigh of relief to be out of eyeshot of the guests. She felt like sirloin in a meat market, and not a vegan in sight. "Thanks Cheri. I need a little break after... that."
"How was it? I mean obviously Don liked it."
"I came. A bunch. I don't know how I feel about that."
"I love it when a client makes me cum. Hardly ever happens, though."
"I didn't hate it. I should, but I didn't."
"Why should you?"
"I don't know. Still making sense of what I'm doing."
"The first six months in this business were really hard for me. I grew up in a very strict household, didn't even date until my senior year in high school."
Miki looked Cheri up and down. "I bet there were a lot of disappointed boys."
Cheri gave Miki a wicked grin. "I made it up to a few of them once I left home and figured out it was none of my folks' business. Point is, this..." Cheri nodded down the hallway at the entrance to The Lounge with dramatic flair, "... takes a bit of adjustment."
"I guess so. Honestly, this was my second time ever doing this. Did your mind play tricks on you? Oh... tricks.... I mean did you feel confused?" Why was she asking these questions? Miki couldn't keep her fucking mouth shut about it for a few more days until she was out of this place for good?
"Oh man. First I'd get so turned on by the idea of fucking a stranger I'd almost cum while giving him head. But I think I cried at least a little almost every night for the first month. Was kind of embarrassing, but I was uptight. Desperate, but still uptight."
"I so relate. Not sure I'm uptight exactly, but my brain and my body are not on the same page, that's for sure." Cheri knew exactly what Miki meant, and their shared laugh said it all. Miki liked Cheri more with every conversation.
"Would you do me a huge favor, Cheri? I don't even know if it's ok to ask this, but..."
"What?"
"If you see or hear from Courtney would you let me know? I really want to connect with her."
"Yeah, of course!" Cheri touched Miki's hand reassuringly. They talked for another fifteen minutes, Miki steered the conversation away from the subject of Gwen. She just needed to calm her nerves and get comfortable with the idea of going back outthere.It was the only way.
The crowd was thicker, the lights dimmer, and voices both louder and drunker. It was almost surreal watching a roomful of wealthy, entitled men, most well over 35 years old, acting like grasping teenagers: drunk, loud, and handsy as fuck. Miki's little tits and considerably more substantial ass had been groped numerous times before she reached a quieter back corner of the great room.Remember why you're here. Don't get distracted, and don't let these drunk fucking dickbags chase you away.Cheri had been stopped by a client on their way in, and as Miki looked back she couldn't see her new friend in the crowd anymore. She was on her own now. Serena was holding court over a new group of guests, Miki made sure to keep out of her line of vision. As long as Serena didn't see her she was probably relatively safe to poke around.
She wandered back up the stairs. There was the room with a red door on the third floor. It had been locked. It seemed like maybe a bad idea, but Miki was quite certain she needed to at least check it out, and maybe now that the guests had arrived it would be unlocked. As she padded down the carpeted hallway, passing the ten V.I.P. rooms' oversized mahogany doors, the hair on the back of her neck stood up as she heard the faint sounds of a woman pleading, sobbing. Gina had mentioned something about caning, so this had to be some kind of BDSM thing. She glanced over her shoulder back down the hallway to make sure she hadn't been followed, then pressed her ear to the red lacquered door. Again, sobbing, and a sharp crack. Pleading. Counting. "Thank you, Master, for teaching this slave her place."Gross.Probably some confused mess of a girl with daddy issues. She'd so often pondered the psychology of those subjecting themselves to pain and humiliation while she watched BDSM porn clips of guys in plain black t-shirts, jeans, and combat boots heaping various shades of torture... is that the right word?... on girls artfully suspended in rope or chain bondage in a dramatically lit, generic industrial space. The exit interviews usually featured the model laughing and talking about her favorite parts. It seemed genuine, but it was a video after all, they were being paid to perform, the casual post session interview could just as easily have been an act. She was learning firsthand exactly how far a person might go when pushed, in the right circumstances, and just how much skill it took to be convincing. Her hand hovered, poised over a silver door handle, but she was too nervous to open it. She'd be noticed by whomever was inside. She trembled in an anxious, dry tension, closed her eyes and pushed the handle down.Thank fuck. It was locked. But she definitely was going to need to get inside at some point. Gina would help her if she expressed some interest. Miki exhaled in relief and turned to walk back down the hall when the door to her right opened and a ridiculously beautiful woman, tall, well endowed, with sumptuous ebony skin backed out, colliding with Miki and nearly sending her back on her ass. "Where the fuck you running to, girl?" The woman furrowed her brow, but was smiling.
"Oh my gosh I'm so sorry! I totally didn't see you."
A voice from inside the room called out. "Denise, who are you talking to?"
Denise, the tall ebony woman, replied. "Some little white girl just almost ran me over, darling. You want to play with her? She's cute!" A predatory smile spread over Denise's exquisite features as she held her hand out. Miki wanted to shake her head. Her eyes went wide, but she knew better than to refuse anything, lest she be sent packing and forfeit all her progress, so she took Denise's hand and gave it a good, platonic shake. "And a little bit shy. You need to see this one. What's your name, honey?"
"Niki. Spencer." Denise's grip was tight.
"Well Hi Niki Spencer, I'm Denise. Nice to meet you. I haven't seen you before, you new?"
"Yeah. It's my first time here." She still hadn't extracted her hand from Denise's grip.
A tall,verywell built man, maybe in his early thirties, peered out of the open door, taking a long look at Miki. "Yeah, I like her. Come on in Niki, let's have a drink."
"I know Gina had the conversation with you if you're here this time of night, so get on in there, new girl, do your thing." Denise laughed and gently tugged at Miki's hand, nudging her inside. "You're gonna love Reed." Niki tentatively entered the room, Denise behind her. "Reed you want me to stick around? Gonna be a two girl party if I do." Reed motioned for Niki to approach.
The room was huge. It was open plan, the majority of it worked as a living room type area with sofas and chairs and a cocktail table, as well as what looked like a work desk with stacks of documents and a laptop. Who the fuck did office work at a brothel? As she walked a few more steps inside she spotted the wet-bar, and the large four poster bed, a fireplace, and more leather furniture similar to the suites on the second floor. The far corner of the room was a tiled, open space with fixtures for showers, steam, and an in-ground hot tub that looked more like a sheet of glass on the ground. Reed had his back turned to her as her eye landed on his muscled back and broad shoulders. He was so tall. His ebony skin glistened, bathed in the warm firelight. He was completely naked, and thoroughly gorgeous. Well, the back of him was, so she just assumed... he turned to her and smiled, looking her over head to toe. "You look unblemished, so you didn't just come from the red room. Tell me, Ms. Spencer, what brings you to the third floor?"
She had to swallow to suppress her shock at his... um... length. So beautiful, dark, and glistening. Denise stood less than a foot behind her, she could feel the woman's warm breath on her shoulders. "Just looking around. I got bored and needed a little change of scenery."
"You're bored, huh? Maybe I can help you with that. Denise here was just leaving."
Denise eyes narrowed. She'd so wanted to watch the awkward spectacle unfold. But Reed was important to her. "Alright Reedy, whatever you say. Take good care of the new girl, I'll let Serena know to put her on your tab." Miki stopped breathing.On his tab.By the time she looked over her shoulder she'd already closed the door behind her.
"Denise can be a little rapacious. I'm fond of her, and she's a hell of a good fuck, but right now I'd like to get to know you, Niki."
"Oh, really? Like what?"
"Well first of all, any woman that can pull off a fuzzy angora orange tube top and plastic miniskirt, I mean what the fuck, right?" Miki's cheeks flushed deep red. "That means you look good, girl." He motioned for her to sit on the sofa, which she did, and handed her a glass of something amber.
She sniffed and the sweet aroma of bourbon nearly overwhelmed her. She took a small sip. "Thanks." Niki... where was Niki when she needed her? "So, Reed, you come here often?" Dumb fucking questions, but she was at a loss for words, and was having a very hard time not staring at Reed's breathtaking cock.
"Now and again. Denise said you're new?"
"I am. This is my first official time here."
"In that case, let me offer you a warm welcome, as a customer, I mean." He stood directly in front of her, his trunk of a penis dangling before her eyes, grabbed her shoulders and lifted her to her feet.
Miki was wide eyed. "Thank you." Reed planted a lascivious kiss on her lips, lifted her top over her head, unbuttoned her skirt, and pulled her panties over her thighs. Probably not a significant record considering her skimpy attire, but Miki noted this was the fastest she'd been disrobed so far. He slowly crouched down, kissing her chest, her nipples, her tummy, then inhaled deeply as he hovered millimeters in front of her snatch.
"So, how are you liking things here so far, Niki?"
Miki was having some trouble forming thoughts, let alone complete sentences. Between the nervous anxiety of getting roped into her second sexual encounter of the night, and her wild attraction to the man exhaling on her cunt, she was grateful to manage a few words. "So good."
He'd barely touched her, but she felt like she was completely under his control. His hot breath grazed her pubic mound, she tilted her head down and got another look at his broad shoulders, his muscular legs as he squatted, fucking hell... his cock was dragging on the carpet... The pink flesh of her labia was so light it struck her as obscene in contrast to the rich ebony of his strong fingers as he stroked her pussy, finding her already slick. Reed looked up and chuckled. "I see I'm not the only one who's excited right now."
"Fuck. Me." She ran her fingers over Reed's close cropped hair.
"Patience. I'm not done getting to know you."
He rose back to his feet as he slipped a finger between her folds, and tugged a nipple with his teeth on the way up. He plunged his finger inside her, pulled it out, and pushed it between Miki's lips, into her mouth. "Get on your knees, girl."
She should have bristled at being called 'girl' but that finger in her mouth tasted so good she just got wetter and did as she was told. Her eyes went wide, again, as she was faced with his manhood. "I don't think I can get much of you in here." It sounded a bit unintelligible spoken around his finger, but she did her best.
"I like a challenge. Do you?" He held his cock up to her lips, she licked her lips and opened, wide.
It was vulgar. This huge thing pushing into her face, her jaw pried as wide open as she could get it, her lips stretched lewdly around his thick, veiny shaft. She'd barely made a dent in his length and the massive head of his cock was almost at the back of her mouth already, her cunt drooling. She might not be able to handle him. Her tongue swam softly under his head, bathing him in her saliva, caressing his ridges. She pulled him out and licked along his shaft, looking up at him as she reached the base. He had a musky scent, like raw sex, and her cunt drooled. She kissed his balls, ran her tongue back to his head, lapping at it like melting ice cream before she inhaled him back inside, bobbing and sucking over his delicious manhood. She closed her eyes, dove forward, and tried so hard to take more of him in, but came to a sudden stop with him banging almost painfully at the entrance of her throat, and her choking wretchedly on him.
Little Miki can't handle him in her teeny tiny mouth?
She pulled back to collect herself and looked up at him. He was smiling, she wasn't sure why, she didn't think she was doing a very good job. But, Miki was going to rub some dirt in it and escalate her determination, if nothing else. She opened her mouth again, prepared, inhaled, and extended her tongue under his shaft as she sucked him in. She pushed, and pushed, her mouth filled to stretching, almost painfully wide to keep from scraping her teeth on his soft flesh. She drew a last breath in through her nose and relaxed into his length. His cock came to a brief stop at the entrance of her throat, but she did her best to open up for him, pushed with all her might, and his head popped inside her throat. It was at once exhilarating and nauseating.
Reed's knees buckled for a moment. "Oh god damn... " his words ended in a deep growl as her throat clamped around his cock, her choking, gagging sounds barely audible as she held on for dear life. Her eyes were tightly shut, her face contorted and distended by his mass, tears and mascara running down her cheeks, but she was damned if she was going to give up now. She grasped his firm buttocks and pulled him in even deeper. Reed exhaled a moan. "I'm gonna fuck those hot little holes of yours so hard nobody's gonna recognize you when you leave this room." Miki gasped as she finally withdrew from his shaft, clutching at her tummy to calm the roiling nausea. She turned her face up, and smiled. And her pussy didn't stop drooling. Her thighs were thoroughly soaked. Such a dirty girl.Open your mouth, slut.Reed slapped his heavy cock on her cheeks a couple of times and pushed back in her mouth, clutching her hair in his fist as he went to work on her. She was shaking as he used her, her little tits jiggling, nipples aching and stiff, and her cunt drooled. He fucked her mouth and her throat until she couldn't see anymore, tears filling her eyes, eyes rolling into the back of her head, over and over. It was almost too much, but in the murky depths of her discomfort and arousal something was churning, roiling to the surface. She was doing her best not to throw up, half in distress, the other half craving more, needing him all the way inside every part of her. Her core burned with liquid fire, and an amber rush exploded behind her eyes as her body convulsed and went stiff in abject climax.
"You are one thoroughbred fucking whore, Niki." Reed pulled out, mercifully, and took Miki in his arms as she went to that other place. He stroked her gushing pussy and planted kisses on her neck and shoulders as her head lolled.
Finally she opened her eyes, as if coming out of a long sleep. "Holy shit," she drawled, then let out a breathy laugh. And spread her legs.
Reed held himself over her, on the floor, this towering man, his cords of muscle taught and straining as he held is cock at her entrance.
Was he even going to fit inside? Miki widened her legs, beckoning him inside.Only one way to find out.
He pushed his head just a bit, stretching her open. She was so wet, friction wasn't an issue, but his girth was more than she'd ever been confronted with. He waited momentarily, allowing her to accommodate him, then thrust inside. A bit greedy, a bit fast. The pain shot through her like flaming sparks, but after a few strokes it was down to a bearable, grimace inducing hum. And her pussy just would not stop gushing. He touched every single part of her insides, stroking, thrusting, expanding, pulsing, until she quaked and shook, a second, larger wave of climax crashing through her body. She went stiff, like she'd been electrocuted, then sagged under him, limp and bleary eyed. He didn't stop. He was taking his pleasure, using her pussy even if she was barely moving. As she drifted back to this plane of reality, he picked her up like a rag-doll and planted her on her hands and knees, then entered her from behind. She'd never felt anything so full or deep as his cock inside her throbbing, burning cunt. He couldn't get deep enough inside her for his balls to touch her clit, so she reached back and mashed her button back and forth as he pummeled her from behind. Wild, animalistic sounds escaped her mouth but she was barely aware. All she could feel was, swelling, burning heat, her poor little pussy fucked to oblivion, her fingers wildly flailing back and forth over her clit as she nearly lost motor function. Her third orgasm shot through her like a glowing bolt of sunlight, every nerve in her body deliciously on fire, and overwhelming euphoria spread from behind her eyes down through her entire body. She vaguely sensed him pull out and spin her around, lift her up, impaling her repeatedly as he held her aloft in his arms. He walked a few steps to the bed, and put her ass down on the edge, pistoning faster and faster, in and out of her nearly numb pussy, slurping, slapping, and spitting sounds so loud now Miki found it ironic and slightly amusing they weren't coming from her mouth. He pulled out and thrust his cock to her face, the first shot of cum so strong it ricocheted off her lips and up into her hair, then second, third, fourth, and several more after that plastering her face and mouth with hot, slick cum. He tasted so good. Salty, sweet, and thick. And then she collapsed, a mess and a wreck, totally spent.
"Holy fuck, that was amazing." Good. She managed to form some words.
"Holy fuck, indeed." He smiled, his breath heavy and fast, coming down from his own bliss. He looked over at what he'd done to her. His thick white cream on her beautiful alabaster skin. Her delicate, unusual features defiled, he could only smile more. "I might have to thank Serena personally."
"For what?" Miki was genuinely confused.
"For you." She was even more confused. Nothing was making any sense. That was the best sex she'd ever had. One of the best physical experiences she'd ever had. Period. But she was also keenly aware that he'd paid for her to do this. Denise had reminded her of it right before she left. And wasn't that just so fucking wrong in so many ways? The second cock she'd had in her mouth and pussy in one night. Strangers. She didn't know Reed. She didn't know Francis, or Don. And she'd let them fuck her, let them cum on her face. Alarms should be blaring. But she felt strangely quiet. And flattered.
Shit. She was supposed to be asking questions. Finding Gwen. "So, Reed, do you do two girl parties often?"
"Sometimes. Depends." He looked at her with a raised eyebrow.
"I haven't been in one yet. You enjoy them?" It was a dangerous line of questioning, but she couldn't think of another way to skirt around asking if he'd ever been with Gwen.
"Yeah. If the girls are right for each other."
"Oh I hadn't thought of that."
"It's all about the chemistry. Like you and Denise? Nah."
"How come?"
"Denise is very aggressive. I don't particularly care to see you getting bossed around by her while I'm trying to fuck you both."
"I can hold my own. But I have somebody else in mind, if you ever decide you want to. With me."
"Oh yeah? Who's that?"
"Courtney. You know her?" Miki swallowed.Please please please know her.
"Courtney... yeah. You a friend of hers?"
"No, but my friend told me all about her, showed me some pictures of when they were together. I just really want to try a threesome with her. I think she's so sexy."
Reed sat up and looked at Miki. "I'll see if I can book you both next time I come."
"Thank you Reed, that would be so fun!"
"I guess I can see how you two would get along." He flopped back down on his back.
"You mind if I go clean up?"
"Be my guest."
Cleaning up was a little humiliating, showering in full view of a man that just paid to fuck her, and she felt compelled to make a little show of it: soaping her little tits, paying extra attention to her pussy and ass crack, hoping Reed would come through, and that a client request would help turn up Gwen, or at least some answers. All in all he was a decent guy, or at least what she'd seen of him. Relaxed, funny, and fucking easy on the eyes.
By the time Miki got back to the great room it was three a.m. and the crowd had thinned considerably. The Lounge could wait until tomorrow. She needed to go home or she was going to end up on her knees or on her back again, and that was really not an option. Miki's pussy was still sore from Reed's size, and Miki's brain had been through all the ignominy, stupefaction, and orgasm it could take in one night. She made her way to the back entrance. Alex greeted her, breathlessly as usual. "Niki, darling! You look positively gorgeous, how have you been enjoying your first night? Great, right? Tell me everything."
"Yeah, it's great. Met a few great girls, and I think I did good... you know. I'm exhausted."
"You want a room? I can arrange one for you right now." Alex was poised to take action on his smartphone.
"Can I just go home? I need to feed my cat." More lies. If she stayed overnight she'd have to say 'yes'. And there were no more yesses left in her sore little body.
"Sure, darling." Alex tapped on his phone, and seconds later an Escalade pulled up.
Miki climbed in, slowly, gratefully. "I'll be back tomorrow, tell Serena I had fun, and thanks."
"You got it. See ya, Niki, sleep tight!"
Miki fell into a deep, dreamless sleep seconds after her head hit the pillow. When her alarm blared seven hours later it barely dawned on her that she'd slept, but she felt... good. Refreshed. Relieved.
After a cup of coffee and a small bowl of berries Miki climbed out of her bathrobe and into her running bikini, put on sunscreen and headed out the door. She ran down the stairs, two at a time, great for the legs.Oh fuck me.
"Miki!" James was in the foyer getting his mail.
"Oh hey James." She was not prepared for this. "Need to get this run in before I get back to studying..."
"Oh cool. Let me buy you lunch, I miss hanging out."
She missed hanging out too. "I really can't."
"You can spare me thirty minutes, can't you?"
Deep sigh. This was going to be complicated. He was smiling. He had no idea what she'd done. Her guts churned. "Sure."
"Great, I'll knock on your door at noon." James face lit up with excitement.
"See you then." Seconds later she was sprinting down the sidewalk, the day was already heating up and she wanted to get her five miles in before it got too scorching. Her body propelled her through the streets but her mind was grinding on all the possible outcomes of her lunch with James. She could continue her lies: she'd been busy studying late in to the night. Lying was bad. At some point she would either have to come clean or forget about James. Nothing fucked up a friendship, or whatever this was, quicker than lies. She could tell him the truth. Or maybe a little of it. She went to the Dollhouse to snoop around. Withhold that she'd sold herself to three people in the two days since James last saw her. Discussing that with anyone was off the table. Would she confess about the interview? Surely he'd ask her a ton of questions. Adrenaline poured into her veins, her heart was racing so hard she wondered if it would be better to stop and take a rest. But she just pressed on.
James tried, in vain, to eat his Chashu Ramen noodles without slurping awkwardly. They hadn't really spoken a lot since he'd knocked on her door, other than casual pleasantries, and he couldn't help but suspect she was keeping something from him. "So how's the studying going?"
"Fine. I mean I'm so far behind right now I'm going to have to spend the next few weekends catching up. I really fucked up." Hopefully this would set up ways to avoid James until after she'd found Gwen.
"I'm sure it's not that bad. You don't strike me as someone who'd let herself slip that far."
"I've been to two classes in the last two weeks."
"I know, but still, you've only missed like a week and a half max. And speaking of Gwen, you've been weirdly silent on that subject."
"I have? Lt Thompson hasn't given me any updates."
"Last week you weren't planning on waiting for the cops. You were going to go undercover."
"It was a stupid idea."
"I agree. But somehow I find it impossible to believe you didn't do anything at all between then and now."
"Is this an interrogation? Because it's starting to feel like one."
"I'm sorry. I guess it's none of my business, but I'm kind of freaked out. Miki... I really like you. And I feel like something's really wrong. You were frantic about Gwen, now you don't even mention it until I bring her up?"
Miki's face fell. This was so fucked up. He deserved better than she was giving him. But how could she tell him? She took a deep breath and exhaled into a sigh. "I didn't stop looking. I feel terrible for not telling you anything, but I just... I'm not sure how or what to say."
"You did it. You went to the Dollhouse." His expression was a confounding amalgam of concern and frustration.
"Yeah." Unable to meet James' eyes, she found a stain on the restaurant table irresistibly fascinating and launched into an in-depth survey.
"And?"
"I found out she definitely was there, working under the name Courtney."
"Whoa. Ok. That's it?"
"She was into some wild shit. Typical Gwen, always go two steps too far."
"Wild? Like how wild?"
"I don't know. Maybe hardcore BDSM or something. There's a room at the Dollhouse for that. But also I heard about a place one of the owners has called Sugar. You ever heard of it?"
James furrowed his brow. "No, but what about me makes you think I'd know about a place like that?"
"No, no. Of course not. I'm sorry." This was every bit as thorny and complicated as she'd expected.
"What did all this information cost you." He was dead serious, he needed to know. No matter what she said he wanted to take her in his arms, kiss her, and tell her everything was alright.
"I don't want to talk about it." She bit her lip trying to stop herself from talking. She needed to talk. But she was terrified.
"You can tell me anything. I swear, no matter what."
"No, you don't understand."
"Miki, we're both adults. I won't judge you. I know why you're doing this. But tell me at least that you're not in any danger."
"I'm not. I promise." She'd fucked three guys. But not James. Before all this started she had wanted to, eventually. She was going to, probably. But instead she'd just 'fucked' him. "But I couldn't get out of... stuff." Fuck. Her big mouth... just couldn't shut the fuck up.
"Stuff?"
"I... I... I want to talk to you. But not here. Let's get out of here."
Miki sat at James' kitchen table and looked down at her feet, her left leg vibrating with nervous tension. "You were right. I was so stupid not to listen to you, but even in hindsight I can't think of another way to help Gwen."
James fidgeted. "So you went to the Dollhouse. And?"
"And I 'work' there now."
"What does that mean?"
"Do I have to spell it out?" A moment of quiet tension. She was almost furious that he wasn't going to let this go. "I suck cock. And let people fuck me for money." There was a hard edge of anger in her voice, but her energy was driven by fear. Of what she wasn't sure. Black splotches invaded her vision and her breathing had almost completely stopped. James looked relieved. He held out his hand. What did he want from her? She didn't respond. He kept his hand there, inches from hers.
"Ok. You don't need my approval, of course, who am I to even have any say in this? But you're doing the right thing."
She didn't expect that response. A rush of embarrassment and shame flooded her skin, bones, and muscles. "I fucking know I don't need your approval, for fucks sake. Do you hate me?"
"Why would I hate you? I just told you you're doing the right thing. I mean it."
"Sure. But underneath your calm, mature facade... are you seething with disgust? Because I probably would be if things were the other way around."
"I'm not. I promise. I'd be lying if I said I loved that you're doing this. I'm terrified you're going to end up like Gwen, but I know you have to help. It wouldn't be you, otherwise."
"I so badly want to say I fucking hate it. But I don't."
"Huh?" James was genuinely surprised. And interested.
Miki confessed, sheepishly, "I like letting strangers do stuff to me."
"You do?"
"Yes."
"Wow. I did not see that coming."
"Neither did I." Her eyes narrowed, challengingly, "...now what do you think of me?"
"I'm super turned on. Fuck."
"I don't know if I should give you a hug or punch you in the face right now."
"Me either. You're welcome to do both." Miki exploded in laughter. The hysterical kind, triggered by relief and embarrassment, and amplified by adrenaline and endorphins. James reached a little farther and took her hand in his, smiling. She gripped his, firmly.
"So what was it like?"
"You seriously want to know?"
"Yeah." He stroked the back of her hand and looked into her eyes. She swallowed but didn't pull her hand away. He looked like he meant it.
"It started with the interview. Remember how you predicted I'd be inspected? Well I was. It was so fucking weird. Serena Lane stuck her fingers in both places. And I sat there naked in her office to sign documents and take dirty pictures. It was the weirdest, most embarrassing several hours of my life. And I didn't totally hate it."
"Ok. What did you like about it?" He couldn't help but look her over. Her cheeks flushed a bit, and she tensed her thighs together.
"It was humiliating. And the more humiliated I felt, the more my... you know... I was turned on."
"I don't know what to say."
"That I'm a terrible person? Who the fuck gets turned on by being objectified and disgraced? That's not the end of it. That night I had my first 'client'...," she gestured air quotes, "...fuck I need a drink."
James got up, poured Miki a tall glass of red wine, and lit a joint. "So? What was it like?" She gulped half of it down without taking a breath, then took the joint and inhaled as deeply as she could stand, before coughing out plumes of smoke.
She closed her eyes and took another deep breath. "How much do you want to know?"
She could see him fidget. And she noticed a little bulge in his pants. "I don't know. Everything? Tell me as much as you want." His breathing stuttered. His pupils dilated.
Her world was a weird, fucked up, and not altogether horrible place if both of them got off on her humiliation. "I took off all my clothes. It was crazy. Seriously I'd never have made it if you hadn't helped me practice. So thanks, I guess?"
"Ha! You're welcome." James remembered Miki standing naked in front of him. And imagined her naked, in front of a stranger. Both were titillating. "I'm assuming it didn't end there."
Miki shook her head. She recounted to James nearly all of her... adventures. He deserved the truth, and she needed to confess really, really badly. He was the only one she could do this with. Gwen was gone. Her parents? No fucking way. She had lots of casual friends, but seriously nobody she'd even bother updating about anything more than her plans for the weekend or which coffee shop she was currently infatuated with.
And then she noticed his bulge. It didn't come as a surprise, she'd just described herself sucking, fucking, and getting cum on, and James was still there, listening. If she'd had a cock it would be hard as fuck right now. Her pussy was definitely making itself known. She looked into his eyes but couldn't tell what was going on behind them. Did he want to fuck her? Was she soiled goods in his eyes?
James could barely contain himself. He wasn't sure if it was lust, love, rage, or fear that was coursing through his body as she spoke. Probably all of the above. He wanted so badly to touch her. He wanted to do all those things she was describing. Why was she telling him this shit?Because I asked, dumb-fuck. But if they had sex now it would break something. Here she was, baring her soul to him about... about prostituting herself to save her best friend. Why was this happening? Irrelevant. He needed to be strong.
Why was he staring at her like that? Miki wished he'd just come out and be honest, that she was gross and he was going to move on, have a nice fucking life. His silence was infuriating. "Are you just going to sit there, judging me? You wanted to know."
"It's not that. I swear I meant what I said. I'm just so fucking turned on right now I can't think straight. And if there's one thing I'm sure of, it's that we shouldn't... until... well you're busy and this is so... complicated."
There it was: 'complicated'. Nice euphemism, asshole. "Yeah. Well I wouldn't touch me with a ten foot pole, either." Miki would have slumped if her blood wasn't boiling.
Fuck. James held her hand, pulled her up and out of her seat, into his arms, into a long hug laden with too many thoughts and feelings to verbalize. He felt her lurch in his arms. Was she crying? He couldn't tell but it felt like it. He held her some more and just breathed.
Miki pulled back after a minute in James' arms, kissed him on the cheek, and left in the remaining silence.