She stood up and made her way to the sun lounger, as I rolled over onto my front to hide my cock.
"One other thing." she said, "Tell anyone about this and I'll murder you in your sleep, got it?"
"Yes, absolutely." I replied. Who the hell would believe me if I did? I thought.
"Tell anybody about what?" asked mum as she walked around the corner of the house with a plate and a glass for Carolyn.
"About me borrowing this skirt off Sarah." Said Carolyn, quick as a flash.
"It's not that big a deal, surely" stated mum, completely oblivious to what Carolyn had really been talking about.
Mum sat in one of the chairs, which left me lying on the floor with Carolyn to one side and mum to the other.
"You should get changed and get some sun on you." mum said.
"Naaah, I'm OK." Said Carolyn.
"Go on! Where's that nice bikini you begged me to buy for you weeks ago? I've never seen you wear it once!" said mum.
"OK, OK, I'll go and get changed once I've finished this." I heard from my other side.
I was still on my front, with my head resting sideways on my folded arms. I was looking at Carolyn as she sat on the edge of the lounger facing me. More specifically, I was looking at her knees, which were held tightly together as she rested her plate on them.
I was willing them to open, but nothing. Is she really going to purposely let me see her panties? I wondered to myself. How is it going to happen? How often?
She kept glancing down at me every now and then as she ate but said nothing.
When she had finished, she took hold of the plate and then looked over towards mum. Her knees slowly opened, just for a second or two, then she stood up.
It was just a flash, but I was sure she had meant to do it.
She looked down at me with a little smirk on her face as she walked past me.
"And don't even think about stealing my place." She said, as she headed inside.
After about ten minutes, she came back outside, barefoot, wearing an oversized tee shirt. She raised the back of the lounger so she could sit back, slightly reclined and lay down.
I turned my head and watched her again, waiting for her next move in this exciting game we had started to play.
After five minutes or so, she sat up and removed the tee shirt.
The bikini was tiny! It was white, with strings that tied around her back, around her neck and on the side of her hips. As she lay back down, the bikini bottom, which sat really low on her, stretched across her hip bones, leaving a gap between the skin of her lower abdomen and the edge of the bikini of almost an inch.
After a couple of minutes, she sat up and, taking a bottle of sunscreen that was at her side, poured some into her hands and rubbed them together. She stretched forward and covered her legs in the oily liquid, glancing in my direction for a second, as she did. Once she had done her legs, she lay back and squirted a big pool of oil on to her stomach. Quickly putting the tube back down by her side, she scooped up the oil with her hands and began to rub the lotion into her skin. I watched, fascinated, as she started with her arms, shoulders, face and neck.
As she moved on to the tops of her breasts, I felt my cock begin to stir again. Next, she stroked her way across her belly, slowly working her way down to the edge of the bikini bottoms. I could feel my cock hardening even more.
When her fingertips reached the edge of the bikini bottoms, she slid them under, inside her bikini, just for a second. Her fingers disappeared past her second knuckle and I could see the outline of her fingers moving under the material. She seemed to push them all the way in, then paused, just for a split second, before pulling them back out. She brought her hand up to her face and inspected her fingertips before continuing and rubbing her belly for a couple more seconds.
I noticed that the outline of her nipples had become very visible, and they were pushing against her bikini top. It took me a while to realise what she had just done, but it was obvious to anyone (which was only me) watching. She had just given her pussy a quick rub.
I must have seen my sister applying sunscreen to herself a hundred times, hell, I'd even done her back for her a few times. But now it had transformed into some seductive, sexual ritual.
Nothing else happened for the next couple of hours. We all just lay in the sun. I was, however, a bit disappointed when mum offered to oil Carolyn's back for her after she had turned over. It caught me completely by surprise and I'd been imagining getting the chance to do it myself.
The rest of the afternoon was pretty uneventful and after I'd had enough sun, I went back inside leaving Carolyn and mum chatting away. I didn't see much of Carolyn until later in the evening.
I took an early bath and got changed into PJs. In my new-found state of sexual self-awareness, I decided not to wear any underwear. As soon as I pulled up the PJ bottoms, I felt so much more, horny. The feel of my cock freely swinging around and the added danger of the possibility of my cock slipping out of the fly at the front just heightened the sensation.
Later on, I was laying on the sofa watching TV with dad. Carolyn came into the room, dressed as if she was going out somewhere. She had a black silky shirt on, with quite a few buttons undone, and a wine coloured, knee length, pleated skirt.
As soon as she walked in, I began imagining what she was wearing underneath. Had I held the panties and bra in my hands when I was exploring her 'special collection?' Was it the wine-coloured set to match the skirt?
Her legs were encased in sheer black nylon and I wondered if they were stockings or tights. Her painted toenails poked out of the 3-inch heeled, strappy shoes she had chosen.
"I'm off to the Fleece (a local pub) with Sharon." She announced.
Sharon was probably the wildest of her best friends, whom I'd had a bit of a schoolboy crush on over the years. She was blonde, about the same height as Carolyn, but was a bit more, curvy, and, she had (in my opinion at the time) huge breasts.
I suddenly found myself thinking about what underwear Sharon wore. Did she have a special collection? What did those huge tits look like in a lacy, transparent bra?
"OK, don't be late." Said dad without looking up from the TV.
"I will." Joked Carolyn. "Bye!"
As she walked past me, she leaned over and bringing her head close to mine said "See you later Alligator." The act of leaning over caused her blouse to fall away from her body, giving me an unobstructed view of her breasts, cupped in the tiny wine-coloured bra I had been looking at earlier. I had been correct. The low-cut style of the bra barely covered her nipples. I could clearly see the top half of her areola and could just about see her nipples pushing against the lace at the edge of the cups.
I only saw this for a second, but it was long enough to give me an instant hard-on. I had to sit up and stop it escaping out the front of my PJs as she left the room.
Carolyn got back at about 10.30 as we were all watching the TV, she seemed a bit tipsy, but not overly drunk.
Both chairs and sofa (I was laid across the entire length of it by then) were occupied, and rather than asking (or telling) me to move up, after removing her shoes she sat on the floor with her back to the wall, next to the fireplace.
In this position she was directly facing me on the sofa, with mum in her chair on her right, and dad in his to the left.
She chatted a bit with mum and dad about the events of her evening. I wasn't paying much attention until she mentioned they had been talking to a couple of cute guys.
I glanced over to her and my attention was immediately drawn to her skirt. She was sat with her feet flat on the floor about a foot and a half apart. Her knees were together, drawn up towards her chest. The front of her skirt was resting on top of her knees, the back of it was on the floor by her feet.
Now, all dad and mum saw, was the skirt side on, which from their angle covered the entirety of her legs. However, I was staring at a gap between her feet, through which I could see the backs of her thighs. Her stocking covered thighs! I could see black suspender straps to the outside of her hamstrings, and I was mesmerised by the stark contrast between the black of the stocking tops and suspender straps, and the pale flesh of Carolyn's skin.
Unlike all the other occasions I had seen her panties over the past couple of days, this was so much more seductive, and it wasn't over in a flash. As she chatted away, I studied in great detail what was on display. I let that sink in. What my sister was displaying, for me.
I had to grab a cushion to cover my erection before I could then take my time, as I studied the tiny patch of wine-coloured panties in between her legs. It had been compressed into a thin strip and hung quite loosely in front of her pussy. I could clearly see hairs poking out from either side, and I could just make out little strips of loose, wrinkly skin on either side of the material.
Everyone, except me, sat watching the TV. I concentrated on looking in between Carolyn's legs, trying not to make it obvious to dad and mum.
Carolyn's head was turned sideways as she watched the TV. But every now and then I sensed her eyes glance at me.
I got harder and harder as I watched for what must have been 20 minutes or so. Every so often she would make a small movement, readjusting her position. Whenever she did that the lingerie would react. The suspender strap would stretch a little across her skin and then relax, the crotch of her panties would press more tightly against her pussy then go loose again. She was giving me a real show and she knew the effect it was having on me. She would glance over at me, and the cushion in my hands, every time she finished one of her 'readjustments.'
Just before the program we were watching ended, Carolyn made one of her movements and shifted her ass forward quite a bit. This had the effect of tightening the panties across her pussy, and I had to stifle a moan as I watched her panties dig into her lips. Both lips were now protruding from each side of the thin strip of lace and silk that disappeared into her slit.
I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I was looking at the first pussy I had ever seen, and it belonged to my sister!
Suddenly, the program we were watching ended and dad and mum got up and announced they were going to bed.
"Here Carolyn, you can sit here." Said mum.
My heart sank.
"No, it's OK, I got comfy here." Carolyn replied.
I felt my cock flex under the cushion.
Dad and mum said goodnight and closed the door as they went upstairs.
Silence.
For some reason the confidence I'd had to openly stare earlier had vanished, so I pretended I was watching the TV.
"I know you were looking."
"Err, yeah, sorry." I offered.
"I told you, if I want you to look, you can look."
I glanced down. Everything was still on display.
"What are you thinking?" she asked.
Her question surprised me and caught me off guard. "Errr...that erm, I really like your special collection." Was the first thing that came into my head.
"Me too." She said. "How does it make you feel, looking at it?"
"Gobsmacked and turned on." Was the best I could come up with.
I was gradually coming to terms with the fact that this was OK with her, and, she was even OK discussing it. So, feeling a bit more at ease, I went on to describe to her how, when I had seen her yellow panties the day before, that had thrown some switch in me, and I confessed that I hadn't been able to think of much else since.
"Can I ask you something?" I said
"What's that?"
"Why are you OK with me seeing, you know..?"
"I like wearing sexy underwear. I like how it feels and I like how it looks. It turns me on when I wear it." She paused. "When I caught you looking yesterday, I was already a bit turned on and then, I was bit surprised that I felt even more horny. I got more turned on knowing that you could see and how it affected you. Does that make any sense?"
"Yes, I think so."
"And I feel even hornier tonight after a few drinks...But don't get any ideas, I'm not going to have sex with you or anything."
"OK, right." Up until that point, the thought had never crossed my mind. But the instant she said it was never going to happen, it sowed the seed in my head.
"It's just nice to have someone appreciating it with me. And appreciating me too, I suppose."
"I do, I really appreciate it, and you. You're beautiful Carolyn, and you look so sexy wearing that."
She wriggled a little and blushed slightly.
"Thanks. What can you see now?" she whispered.
I looked back down. She had opened her legs slightly.
"I can see the backs and insides of your legs, the black stocking tops and the black suspender straps. They look amazing against your skin." If it's appreciation she's looking for, I can give her lots, I can really lay it on thick, I thought to myself.
"And?"
"Your panties." I added, breathing a bit harder.
"What about them?" she whispered.
"They're a really nice wine colour, they match your skirt, silky with lace around the edges. I love the lace. I saw your bra earlier, before you went out. It's the same lace...And..."
"Go on."
I was unsure how much she wanted to hear me say. "They're wedged into your, err...vagina." I said, not wanting to be crude.
"Mmmm, I know, I can feel it." She said in a lower voice.
"Take the cushion away." She asked, almost demanded.
I dropped the cushion on the floor beside the sofa. My cock was sticking out of my PJs, pointing towards my belly button, throbbing.
"Lift it up, show me." She motioned with her chin towards my hard cock.
I took hold of it at the base, and held it straight up, away from my body.
"I've never really seen one before, not properly anyway."
"What do you mean, not properly?" I asked.
"Well, I've seen Peter's," (her ex-boyfriend of a couple of months ago), "but I didn't get to really look at it because he was always prodding me with it and trying to shove it in my hand all the time. And he never appreciated anything special I wore for him. That really pissed me off."
She tilted her head to the side and, looking at my erection said, "I like it, you have a nice penis."
"How often do you, you know, masturbate?" she asked in a whisper.
"Well, I've only just started to be honest." And I proceeded to tell her how I didn't really know much about it, other than the jokes and chat I'd heard from my friends, but I had tried, unsuccessfully, over the past couple of days.
"I'm sure you're going to get the hang of it." She giggled.
"So, how much are you going to let me see?" I asked with a bit more confidence.
"We'll see." She said.
"show me how you do it, and I might show you some more." She said.
I stroked my hand up and down my shaft for her, while still looking at her panties.
"Slow down, slow down. I think you're going at it a bit too fast." She offered.
I tried again but more slowly this time. After about five minutes, I was feeling really good, and there was some of the clear sticky liquid oozing from the tip, but it started to hurt a bit. I stopped and explained to her how this had been the norm, that I would try for ages until it started to hurt.
"So, you've never cum?" she asked.
"Err, no." I replied, somewhat embarrassed.
"You'll get there, just slow down and be a bit more, gentle with it." She suggested.
I was still hard and was proudly holding it, so she had a good view of it.
"OK, I'll let you see a bit more." She said. "Go upstairs and get into bed and leave your lights on." She said.
I got up and, feeling even more aroused, ran, as quietly as I could up the stairs with my hard cock sticking out of my PJs waving around in front of me. I climbed up the ladder into my bunkbed, remembering to leave my lights on and waited.
I heard Carolyn climbing the stairs and going into her room. I waited for what seemed like forever. I heard her coming out of her room and then she entered mine. She had her knee-length silk dressing gown on, but I could see she was still wearing the stockings, and she had put her shoes back on. A belt was tied round the waist of the robe. She quietly closed the door and, as she stepped into the middle of the room, she put her index finger to her pursed lips and said "Shhhhhhh."
I was peering over the edge of my bunk with my still hard cock in my right hand.
I was shaking as Carolyn slowly untied the belt.
"Ready?" she asked in a barely audible whisper.
I just nodded.
She opened the robe and let it fall to the floor.
I sucked in a huge lung full of air and gasped, trying not to make too much noise.
"Ohhhhh my god." I said, probably a little too loudly. She looked amazing. The low-cut, lacy cups of the bra barely covered her left nipple, the other was poking out over the top of the lace. I noticed for the first time, just how big her nipples were. I hadn't imagined they would be so long and erect.
She wore the matching French knickers over a black suspender belt, which held up the black stockings.
"Well?" she asked twirling around to give me the full view.
"Jeeezus, Carolyn, you look amazing." I told her.
"Aww, thanks." She said a little shyly.
"Do you like this set?" she asked.
"I love the bra." I said almost drooling. "I love the way it makes your nipples look."
She looked down at her lace encased breasts and said "Oops." She took hold of the edges of the cups and, pulling them out, away from her breasts, wiggled them from side to side a couple of times and pulled them up higher, trying, without success to cover her nipples.
"I love all of it. You look incredible. I could look at you in your underwear for hours." I whispered.
"Thanks, and this is lingerie not underwear." She corrected me. "Underwear is the plain stuff. And you can't look at me forever because I'm horny and need to go to bed."
And with that, she picked up her robe, put it back on and, switching the light out, walked out of my room with a "Sweet dreams." As she left.
I kicked off my PJ bottoms and stroked my cock. It felt good, but I still could not reach the point of orgasm. I eventually fell asleep experiencing two new feelings; horny and sexually frustrated.
I woke the next morning to the sounds of dad and mum leaving for work. I was still pretty tired and easily drifted off to sleep again.
I was woken up about an hour later to the sound of Carolyn calling my name. I rubbed my eyes and looked down from my bunk.
I immediately became wide awake.
Carolyn was standing in the middle of my room dressed in white lace panties, matching bra and nothing else.
The panties had a narrow waistband and sat really low on her hips. They were quite transparent, and I could clearly make out a small patch of dark hair underneath them. The bra was equally transparent and showed her nipples and areola quite clearly. Again, her nipples were erect and were pushing the material of the bra out.
"I'm off to meet Sharon." She announced, before turning around 360 degrees and asking, "I'm going to wear this, do you like it?"
I just nodded, speechless.
"Are you sure?" she asked quizzically.
I raised my hips up and over the edge of my bed and, holding my hard cock, showed it to her.
"Oh yes." I assured her.
"Mmmm, good, just checking." She said with a wicked smile on her face.
She reached up to her breasts and, looking down at them, pinched her nipples through her bra, and said, "My god, these are sooo hard today.
Then, looking up at me added, "I think they like being looked at, what do you think?"
And then, without waiting for an answer, she was on her way out of my room with a "See you later, be good!"
A few minutes later I heard the door open and close as she left.
I was so turned on, I really wanted to go exploring in her room again.
I climbed down from my bunk and then, just to make sure, went into dad and mum's room to check she really had left the house. Indeed, she had, she was walking down the road towards the bus stop.
I was so desperate this morning I went straight to her bedroom, despite the fact that I hadn't been to the bathroom to relieve myself.
I made my way into her room and went straight for the washing basket (barrel), lifting the lid, I immediately saw both the wine-coloured set and the white one from the previous day. I took both sets out along with the suspender belt and stockings and put them on the chair.
I squeezed my hard cock with my left hand, as I fished around for the yellow lace panties too, which I soon found under a shirt.
I took all the lingerie and laid it out on the bed. I threw off my PJ top and sat on the bed.
I took hold of the french knickers, remembering how turned on I had been seeing them wedged in Carolyn's slit the night before. I brought the inside of the crotch closer to inspect it, now realising that the white marks had come from Carolyn's pussy. I suddenly thought of kissing her pussy and as I did, I brought the panties to my lips and kissed them. I kissed them in the spot that had been inside her pussy a few hours earlier.
I detected an odour, my nostrils flared, and I inhaled deeply. 'This is what her pussy smells like.' I thought.
Still holding last night's panties, I laid back on her bed and, taking the rest of the lingerie, dropped it on my stomach and chest. I brought the crotch to my lips and nose again and began stroking my cock as I kissed and sniffed. I took hold of the yellow lace g-string and wrapped it round my cock and carried on stroking. My mind was in sensory overload and I was working my way up to a frenzy. I was feeling something building inside me, I was going to have an orgasm.
I was almost there, when the bedroom door suddenly started to open. Carolyn's head appeared and she was talking to someone (Sharon)! She saw me and stopped in her tracks before she got in the room.
"Oh my god." She yelped.
"What?" I heard Sharon's voice.
As I jumped up off the bed, panicking like some startled wild animal. Carolyn quickly turned round, saying "You can't come in!" to Sharon, who tried sticking her head round the door to see what the sudden fuss was about.
Carolyn shoved her back out, almost shouting "Go downstairs, I'll be there in a minute."
"Why, what's going on?" I heard Sharon giggling.
"Look, just go downstairs, pleeeease." Begged Carolyn.
By the time she'd managed to get Sharon out of the room, I had managed to; jump up off the bed, gather all the lingerie together, throw it back in the barrel, put the lid back on and pick up my PJ top and stand in the middle of the room holding it in front of my shrinking cock.
"Marc, what the hell?" she whispered, holding out her hands, palms up.
I was absolutely mortified. I thought I was dead.
But Carolyn wasn't angry.
"God, I knew you liked it, but...I didn't know you liked it that much." She said, with a stern look on her face. "You can't just come in here and do that though. That stuff is really expensive, I don't want you destroying it like that."
"I would never destroy it. I'm so, so, so, sorry Carolyn."
"Well that yellow g-string looked like it was taking a bit of a pounding." She said with a slight smile on her face.
I was totally embarrassed, and I apologised like I'd never apologised before in my life.
"I thought you said you were going to Sharon's." I said.
"I said I was going to meet Sharon." She corrected me. "At the bus stop at the bottom of the road." She added.
"Look, we'll talk about this later. Go back to your room."
"Sharon didn't see anything did she?" I asked hopefully.
"I don't know, I don't think so." replied Carolyn.
She opened the door and peered out, checking the coast was clear and then motioned with her hand for me to go.
I got back to my room and, as I was getting dressed, I heard Sharon come up the stairs and go into Carolyn's room. There was a lot of loud chatter and laughing.
"Please don't tell her!" I begged to no one but myself.
I ran downstairs and out of the backdoor without any breakfast and had a pee in the bushes on the way to Stephen's house.