Victoria and Harold, a young, nerdy, trendy, skinny, white couple were sitting around their newish exposed brick loft.
The tv was showing the pregame show for the Super Bowl but neither seemed to care.
"Let's call Jane and John and see if they want to come over and "watch the big game," Harold said, using air quotes. It wasn't clear what the meaning was behind his air quotes.
"Yeah, whatever, that sounds cool". Victoria said and pulled her phone out of the back pocket of her skinny jeans, which was all she was wearing. It was one of those phones that seems like it's maybe too big. She pushed the button that began a video chat with Jane in ultra high definition, not even thinking about her exposed breasts.
"Hi Jane. Want to come over to our Super Bowl party? I mean it's not really a big party but we can order food."
Harold walked into the picture, also only wearing skinny jeans and showing off his lack of upper body. "Hey guys! I'm making nachos. We need more beer though. Also you guys should wear your swimsuits. Our building has a hot tub."
"Ok. Be there in 20 minutes. PS- nice boobs," Jane said before disconnecting the line.
"Should we put on our swimsuits now if they are going to wear theirs?" Victoria asked.
"Sure."
Harold and Victoria went and changed separately. Victoria came back in a skimpy white string bikini. It didn't have any lining or padding and left very little to the imagination. The bottoms were extremely low on her hips, way below her prominent hip bones. Harold just took off his tight jeans and wore his underwear which were like tighty whities but in blue with green lines showing where to open the front flap even though most people just pull them down to take out their penises.
They kissed and made out with each other while making nachos until the doorbell rang. They opened the door. John was carrying a milk crate full of booze. Harold took it from him.
"Thanks for bringing all this liquor, John. How awesome is this, Vic?"
"Real awesome. Hello, hello."
She gave Jane and John each a kiss on the lips before noticing one of her nipples had come out of her small bikini top.
Jane and John were a little older, especially John who was 40. They took off their coats to reveal their own swimsuits. Jane wore a black one piece that was designed to show off her underboob, of which she had a nice amount showing and it came to a very narrow thong in back. John was wearing the style now for men, black tight short shorts.
Victoria made a round of drinks. "Is the game on yet?"
"No, I think Lionel Richie is about to sing the National Anthem." Jane answered. "I love your bathing suits."
"Thanks. I don't think Harold's counts though. He likes to swim in his underwear."
"I think they're cute" Jane said. "Easy access, right?" She touched Harold's underwear to inspect the flap but also to feel his growing cock which she pulled out through the flap before putting it back into his underwear. No one seemed to notice.
"Show them how yours is a thong in the back." John said to Jane, pulling it up into the Asian woman's ass, making it even more of a wedgie than it already was.
"Does it show too much?" Jane said bending over to give everyone a good view of her almost bare ass. No one could resist giving Jane's ass a spank and Victoria grabbed a handful of ass cheek while she was at it.
"No, it's probably about the right amount" Harold said trying to be helpful but also as an excuse to slide his own hand over her ass crack. Jane rewarded him by grinding her ass into the younger guy's underwear flap. Harold let her keep going for a minute until the head of his penis began showing itself above the elastic waistband.
"We're thinking about ordering Chinese food. Here's the menu." Harold said somewhat nervously adjusting himself.
He pulled out a full sized menu from a drawer that was apparently stolen from the restaurant.
"This place is good and they deliver. It's real expensive though." Victoria told them.
They all agreed on chicken fried rice. Victoria placed the order on her oversized phone and tucked it into her bikini bottom which made them droop lower.
"Let's get in the hot tub. It's going to take an hour for the food."
They walked down the hall to the outdoor hot tub. A young Hispanic woman with short brown hair cut into a Bob was already in it wearing a bright rainbow colored bikini.
"Hi Harold."
"Hi Poppie. You know Victoria and these are our friends Jane and John."
Poppie stood up and gave everyone a hug and an eyeful of her young body. She was even younger than Harold and Victoria but had some curves. They gave her a beer.
Victoria's bikini became fairly transparent when wet. She pretended not to notice and stood up often, showing off her thin body.
Poppie asked, "Do you guys smoke?" and gave everyone Marlboro Reds from her soft pack. They all lit up.
"Smoking is sexy" Victoria said. "It reminds me of sucking dick."
They all laughed.
"Now they're going to think my dick is the size of a cigarette" Harold said in self defense.
"Everyone knows you have a big dick. You can pretty much see it in those underwear. Stand up and show us your dick isn't the same size as a Marlboro." Victoria said with encouragement.
Harold stood up between Victoria and Poppie and everyone looked at his clingy briefs. His erection was clear for everyone to see. Victoria began pulling her boyfriend's underwear down.
"We believe you" John said.
"You guys know the hot tub is clothing optional, right?" Poppie asked half jokingly.
John took his shorts off under the water and put them outside the tub.
"Damn, I was joking."
"I think it's too late to put this genie back in the bottle." Jane said and stood up to pull down her own suit completely until she was full frontal, showing everyone her boobs and slightly hairy pussy.
Victoria pulled off Harold's underwear and showed their friends her boyfriend's hairy hard on. She put it in her mouth and sucked it a few times before offering it to Poppie.
"No thanks, I'm trying to quit. Just kidding." Poppie took his dick into her mouth.
"I'm going to go get another round from the apartment." Victoria got out and walked back to their unit leaving her boyfriend to receive oral sex in front of their friends and neighbors who might be looking out from the apartments surrounding the hot tub.
Victoria came back a few minutes later in a new outfit: very short denim cutoffs and a cropped t shirt, carrying a silver tray of fancy drinks.
Jane was sitting on John's lap talking to John and Poppie about the Super Bowl. Poppie was the only one still wearing a swimsuit. She stopped sucking Harold's hard dick and took the drinks from Victoria. Poppie passed the fancy drinks Victoria made to everyone.
Victoria unzipped her shorts and let them fall down, revealing her hairless pussy to her friends. She got into the water and decided to take her top off also. Now everyone but Poppie was naked.
"Can I try your shirt on, Vic?"
Poppie put on the cut off t shirt then she took off her bathing suit top and threw it on the side of the tub. Poppie went under the water and came out with her hair and shirt wet, revealing the shape of her breasts and hard nipples.
Victoria asked Poppie, "is it ok if Harold touches your boobs? I really like watching him feel up other girls. Plus my tits are on the small side. So..."
"I guess."
Harold cupped one of Poppie's breasts.
"Like that?" Poppie asked.
Harold played with one of Poppie's nipples through the shirt.
"Yeah. Now kiss him."
Poppie and Harold kissed.
"Thank you." Victoria said. Then she kissed Poppie while she and Harold both massaged the other girl's breasts. The three of them kissed each other while Jane sat on John's hard on and watched while sharing a cigarette with him. She wiggled her ass until John's hard dick found her vagina and worked its way inside and started to slide in and out. John's free hand rubbed his girlfriend's tits while his other hand smoked a cigarette.
Harold pushed up Poppie's shirt enough to suck on her nipples. Victoria meanwhile rubbed her friend's vagina through her bikini bottom before yanking it down the other girl's legs, revealing her own shaved crotch. The two young women gave each other their tongues into the other's mouth as their fingers found each other's pussys.
Jane climbed out of the hot tub enough to straddle John's face, his mouth meeting her pussy with enthusiasm. The others had a nice view of Jane's naked ass.
John used his fingers as well as his tongue on Jane's pussy, finding her clit and giving it a lot of attention. Finally he started fucking Jane with his dick in the missionary position on the edge of the hot tub. The others stopped to watch.
"Harold fuck both of us." said his girlfriend.
"Yeah" added Poppie. She pulled her bikini down her legs and off before leaning over the edge of the hot tub with her ass pointing to Harold and his big dick. He didn't waste time putting it all the way into Poppie's pussy.
After a few pumps he pulled out and did the same thing with Victoria, fucking her from behind. He went back and forth between both girls until he finally pulled out and jizzed on both of their asses and backs. It didn't take long.
John had pulled out of Jane and she took him into her mouth. Everyone was watching as Jane kept going down on her older boyfriend. It took a few minutes until Jane made him cum. She opened her mouth to show the others John's semen. Victoria and Poppie took turns tongue kissing Jane and her mouthful of cum while groping each other's tits while the boys watched. John and Harold looked at each other and shared a smile. They both looked down at each other's dicks.
They all sat back in the hot tub and drank silently for a minute.
Victoria broke the silence. "I need to piss." She stood up and peed into the water they were all sitting in. Harold rubbed his fingers over her crotch and caused her stream to go onto everyone. Harold continued playing with her until he had two fingers inside her pussy. It was making Victoria very horny to be doing this in front of her friends.
Harold stood up and joined in, pissing on his friends.
"Whoa!" John said but only half heartedly got out of the way of the stream coming from Harold's penis.
Poppie was into it and opened her mouth. She put her mouth on his cock while pee was still coming out and swallowed some.
"Now it's a party." Poppie said with Harold's piss coming out of her mouth. Jane invitingly opened her mouth. Poppie took the hint and spit Harold's piss into her new friend's mouth.
Victoria bent over the edge again and Harold fucked her again from behind as the others smoked more cigs.
"Do you guys live near here?" Poppie asked the other couple to make conversation.
"Excuse me. Did you order Chinese food order for Harold?" an older Asian man in delivery uniform said.
"Yes, that's us" Jane spoke up.
The delivery man obviously saw the sex as well as everyone's nudity but didn't mention it. Jane signed the receipt and the guy left like nothing was out of the ordinary.
They took the food and their clothes and went back to the apartment with Poppie in tow. Everyone sat nude on the couch around a big coffee table and served the food.
The football game had started without them.
Harold fed Victoria and Poppie with his chopsticks. They were all laughing.
He spilled some chicken fried rice on Poppie and Victoria nibbled it off the other girl's stomach which led to more giggling.
Victoria stopped laughing and began to lick her tongue alongPoppie's labia. Harold had boner still since the delivery guy interrupted Victoria and his fucking and began rubbing it on Poppie's face. She didn't say anything but began licking then sucking Harold's dick.
"Fuck me" Poppie said and Harold did as he was asked on the floor on the rug in front of his girlfriend and their friends. He had his dick in and was thrusting into Poppie much harder than he usually did with Victoria, who was now helping Jane suck John's penis and watching Poppie moan as her boyfriend fucked her hard.
Harold came inside of Poppie and passed out on top of her. Victoria and Jane applauded.
"Bravo!"
Harold rolled over onto the floor with his dick still pointing at the ceiling and covered in slime.
All of the women sucked and licked the sexual fluids that covered his crotch. Even John gave Harold's dick a ceremonial lick.
"Jane I wish I had your tits." the hostess told the slightly older woman, while groping them.
"You won't want them when they're too saggy to fit into a bra."
"No I really like them. Can I suck on them?"
"Yeah, why not."
Victoria and Jane shared a long kiss before Victoria sucked on her Asian friend's nipples. Both of their hands found the other's pussy and the women were soon finger fucking each other.
"I'm going to make another round of drinks" John said putting his shorts back on.
Victoria was now eating Jane's pussy.
"Oh yeah, Victoria eat my pussy!"
Poppie stood up and started putting her bikini back on.
"Let me help you." Poppie said to John and walked over to where he stood just as he was stuffing his hairless dick back in his shorts.
"I meant with the drinks."
John looked disappointed.
"I could help you with that too though."
Poppie touched John's penis and pulled it back out of his shorts. She stroked it with her hands as John pushed Poppie's bikini back down and grabbed her ass hard.
Still holding his dick, she rubbed it against her pussy entrance which was still very wet. Poppie leaned back against the couch and John put his boner where Harold had recently finished cumming inside Poppie's pussy. John began to fuck the younger woman in earnest. Their bodies slapped together loudly. He tried to pull out in time before he shot out his load inside her but he couldn't.
Poppie had two loads of cum inside her vagina now. After John pulled out saying "Sorry," the young Latina fingered herself and a long stream of goo dripped off her fingers when she pulled them out. She put her fingers in Jane's mouth and then kissed her.
The game on tv ended but no one was paying attention.
"I heard there's a good show coming on after the game."