It had been a typical lazy Sunday. We spent most of the morning a tangle of limbs in bed. Slow make out sessions, hands exploring each other, running across curves, tickling soft skin, delving into warmer parts. Finally hunger won out and we pulled ourselves from the bed, never bothering to dress when it was just the two of us, meaning skin could touch whenever we brush past each other, or we can steal glances whenever we wanted. Or when we were in naughtier moods you had free access to my body whenever you wanted it. Free to grab or slap at my body, bend me over the arm of the sofa or the kitchen counter, force me to my knees or push your fingers or cock deep in my pussy.
We had plans for later that day, dinner and the cinema with your friend, but the afternoon was our own. A small raid of the kitchen revealed nothing for breakfast, let alone lunch. The warmth of the flat was matched by the warmth outside. The decision was made that we should venture out in search of food.
A shared shower and we were getting ready to leave. I moved to pull out a fresh bra and panties to wear under the floaty summer dress I had picked out. But you stood there in my way, a mischievous grin plastered across your face.
"Uh-uh," you said. "Too hot for layers, don't you think." I looked up at you, attempting to judge the seriousness of your _suggestion_. I moved to the side quickly, in an attempt to dodge past you. But you reacted just as quickly, blocking my path again. A raised eyebrow and a hungry look across my chest was the only warning a needed. Holding my ground for another moment, I took a step back resigned. I return to the bed where my dress is laid out. Without a bra the low V of the neckline would be more than a little revealing, and just a soft gust of wind would have the light material flying up to display my bare ass and pussy.
I knew better than arguing with you though, and slipped the dress over my head and followed you out. As we walked down the street towards the promise of food you kept a possessive hand on my waist, whilst my hands alternated between holding down the fabric around my thighs, and pulling up the fabric that pulls tight across my breasts.
You nuzzle into my neck so I can feel your breath on my skin as you whisper, "Leave it."
I can't help but fidget in my clothing one last time, but your none too gentle smack to my arse finally has me drop my hands.
We enter the coffee shop and join the queue. I can feel the energy radiating from you...like this pent up mischievousness bubbling near the surface, and I just know I will end up the target of your energy. I stand in place ahead of you as we scope out the cafe's offerings. Your hand is a steady weight on my hip until I feel it begin to travel south. You run your fingers along the skin at the hem of my dress before slowly curling the fabric in your fist, and slowly but surely lifting the dress. An inch of thigh, another inch. I turn to look at you and find you already peering down at me. Your eyes are set in a determined glare and I know this is a game you will play to the end. How long can I hold out for? Your nails rake across my skin as you pull the dress up further still. I can feel myself begin to shake slightly, I always do when we are out in public like this. Another inch of skin exposed.
I flinch first. Whipping my hand behind me to shoo your hand away. You chuckle slightly, whilst my cheeks redden and we move up our place in the queue. When we reach the counter to place our order you stand directly behind me, blocking me from the other patrons. Your hand begins a slow, torturous glide up my leg again, but this time, instead of bunching the fabric of my dress you let your hand slip underneath it. You know you have my full attention when I shift against your touch, but you don't stop.
Your fingers reach the junction between my legs and slide, your touch light, across my lips. My words falter as I order our food, my body instantly igniting under your touch, and I can't help the way my hips buck back against you. Your solid chest pressed up against my back gives me the peace I need to know that our risky game is between only us, my dignity shielded from everyone else eating and drinking around us. So when I feel you shift your weight and step to the side I gasped, mid word, the waiter looking puzzled as I spun around. Glaring daggers at you, you simply continued to look toward the waiter, a neutral smile gracing your lips. But I could see a fire in your eyes, whilst mine scanned the room hurriedly, searching to see if anyone had seen my dress hiked up and your hand reaching between my legs. A few shocked faces stared back at me: a disapproving mother with a table of kids, a woman red faced and refusing to make eye contact, and then the table that sent a heat between my legs...two guys sat facing our direction, a predatory look on their faces.
I knew immediately that you had seen them, even if you acted as though you hadn't, when you led us across to a table, sitting us both on the side of the table facing them. My body was turned to face you in its usual position, one leg pulled up and bent leaning against you, your hand resting on the bend of my knee.
The length of my dress and lack of underwear meant my ever wetter pussy was only a few centimetres of fabric away from being on display. We talked and laughed, faces inches apart as we waited for food. I was aware though how your hand was slowly crawling its way up my leg. You could feel my body tense as you got closer to the top of my thigh, the anticipation of your touch vibrating through me. Each time, just as I thought I would feel your touch on my most intimate area you pulled your hand back, beginning the teasing journey once again.
I could have moaned aloud when you finally ran your fingers along my slit, barely parting my lips with your finger tips, being careful to avoid my clit. Though under the table, for anyone that chose to look that would have seen your hand beginning to pump as you ran your fingers up and down, dipping them inside me. A sweep of the room and we notice the two men have their attention fixed on us completely.
"We should invite them to join us." You say casually. I stiffen. "Or," you lean in close, so I can feel your breath on my neck, "just show them exactly what kind of a slut you are." And whilst my attention is focused on the words you're saying, you reach your other hand across and lift the hem of my dress, exposing me and your actions to them fully. It was for only a few seconds, but the way their eyes widened and they shifted in their seats they had seen everything. My nipples hardened instantly, sticking out obviously through the thin fabric of my dress. My hand that had been resting against your chest, ran down your torso and I felt your growing hardness under your jeans. I groped at you gently, smiling coyly as you too bucked your hips slightly.
As a waiter came gliding past our table my hand shot out to his arm. My voice breathy with your hand still up my dress I said, "We'll actually take our food to go thanks." He nodded and went to collect our order, as I pressed myself against your side. Your position sitting taller than me gave you an unrestricted view of my chest, and the soft pink flush that was starting to spread across it, my nipples hard peaks in the fabric.
Grabbing our food before it had even touched the table we raced out, one last grab of my ass as we pass the two men sat in silence. I giggled, you slapped my arse, and we continued with a mission to the door. It was only a couple of minutes walk back to the flat and contrary to our closeness at the café, we walked with half a person width between us, the air charged and tingling. I let you unlock the door before slipping in ahead of you. As we went up the stairs a neighbour was making their way down. We moved to single file to let them pass, and once they were level with us I lifted the back of my dress, showing you my bare jiggling ass. Being a few steps below me, put your eyes level with my display.
By the time we reached the door our hands were all over each other, and as we stepped through the door you had begun to remove my dress before it had even swung closed. You pushed me to my knees and my mouth opened instinctively, my mouth soaking wet just thinking about your taste. I took you in my mouth and let my tongue get to work, swirling around the head whilst my lips formed a tight seal, I sucked and swallowed around your cock.
Food forgotten on the side you pull me up and push me towards the bedroom.
"Bed." You growl. I crawl on the bed, staying on my knees, presenting myself to you.
"Yes Sir," I purr as you undressed too. I lick my lips, savouring the taste of you I find there, whilst my hands run along my curves, from my hips across my breasts, pressing them together and rubbing my fingers across my nipples.
You turn away towards the drawers I know contain all levels of excitement. Pulling open the top draw you take out some lengths of rope. "If you can't keep your hands still, I'll make them still." You threaten. Usually that tone would halt me in my tracks, but this time I can't help but continue, a coy smile on my lips. You drop the rope at the foot of the bed whilst you come closer. Your hands reaching out to cup my face you pull me in close, bringing our lips together.
I have always marvelled at the control you are able to maintain when you choose to. My body is hungry for you and there is no way I could contain it, but you keep your actions measured, controlled and precise.
"Did you enjoy that?" you ask as you slip you hand between my lips. I roll my hips against you, looking for friction as you find my pussy already beginning to soak. "You did, didn't you?! You little slut, showing those strangers how desperate your pussy is to be touched." You puncture your words with a twisting on my clit, which causes my back to arch against you.
"Yes Sir."
"Yes what?" you demand.
"My pussy is desperate, I'm desperate, hungry for you, for you to fuck me Sir."
"All I need is your pussy then, surely?" you remark.
I do not know where your mind is heading, but if it results in your cock sheathing itself fully inside me I don't care.
"Uhuh," I moan against your lips. Our tongues clashing together again.
You pull back. "On your stomach." You growl. I pout slightly at having to pull away from your touch but do as I'm told.
Roughly you pull my arms and legs towards the corner of the bed, my knees bent slightly and a pillow under my hips. My ass is high in the arm, my head buried in the bed cover, my pussy on fully, glistening display.
"This is how you are to be fucked then yes? Give that tight little pussy of yours what it needs."
"Please Sir," I whine. Voice muffled my the duvet. As you move around the bed your hand falls and connects with my ass. The sting as you deliver slap after slap makes me gasp, but more importantly I know you will have seen my pussy twitch each time.
Finally you climb onto the bed behind me, and into my warm, wet pussy, you bury your cock. I cry out as my pussy clenches and stretches around you. My hips rocking back to meet you with each thrust. Compared to the morning's slow and sensual sex, this was hard and rough fucking. As though we had spent months apart, no time for romance or intrigue, just a carnal need to fill.
I don't know how long it continued for, your grunts mixing with my moans, the only sounds in the room besides our bodies slamming together. I felt my climax beginning, a heat and pressure in my core bubbling before with a final, deep thrust I felt your own orgasm. You cock throbbing inside me, cum coating my insides. It was all I needed for my body to clamp down around you, milking you of every drop, my clit rubbing against the pillows under me sending further waves of pleasure shooting through me.
Eventually you pull out, your dick softening, whilst my pussy continues to spasm and drip a mix of our juices. You watch my body push another mix of us out, dribbling along my folds. You reach forward, "You do not get to mess up these sheets. Not when I know what a little cumslut you are." I feel your hand cup against my pussy, collecting the cum seeping from my body. You bring your hand up to my face. "Open." I let my mouth fall open, and you shove your fingers inside, grazing the back of my mouth. I thoroughly lick and suck them clean. As I finish my ministrations we hear a knock at the door. Your friend is early.
"Untie me," I say.
You run your hand along my arm as though going for the rope tied at my wrist. Instead you stop. Turning back you simply say, "Don't move."
My body went red hot and ice cold at the same time. Though I knew I was tied down, the room felt as though it was spinning, as though the bed had tilted on its axis. My skin felt as though it was on fire. As I lay there, my bent knees pushing my face into the bed, my shoulders twisting where the wrist ties had been secured so tightly, my ankles surely bearing the marks of the rope wrapped around them, and the two pillows under my hips, pushing my ass high, I realised just how exposing a position I was in. My pussy, no doubt glistening with the wetness I could feel leaving trails down my thighs, was on full display.
Your intention had of course been access, but now I felt the creeping sense of being an object on display. My face barely noticeable this body, this body displayed perfectly for fucking, could have belonged to anyone. It didn't matter that it was me tied there. Your interest had been in the hole permanently on offer to you. I felt my cheeks become flooded with embarrassment as I understood how exposed I was, how vulnerable, how non-existent I was beyond what lay between my legs.
It was then that I heard your footsteps returning to the room. I willed myself to relax. No doubt you had let your friend into the living room and were returning to untie me. Even through my embarrassment I secretly hoped you would tell me to redress without a shower so that, as we sat at dinner, I would feel our juices mixing and drying between my legs, the obvious smell of pure sex hanging around me for the whole evening. You would smile coyly when people walked past me, a hand on my leg or shoulder letting them know exactly who had put me in such a state.
In my head I can picture you leading your friend to the living room, before making excuses to return to me here, release me from my ties. As I listen to the footsteps moving through the flat I release something that sends my heart into overdrive...you left the bedroom door open. I begin to distinguish between your softer, barefoot steps and your friend's shoes on the wooden floor as you move around in the hall. The living room is in the opposite direction to where I am though, so I expect the noises to move away from me. But to my horror, instead of quieting, *both* sets of footsteps were getting louder, moving along the corridor to the wide open door, until they stop dead right outside it.
All I could hear was the blood rushing in my ears, hear every beat of my racing heart. Here I was, legs spread, ass high in the air and in complete view of your friend. Why weren't you doing something. Why weren't you throwing a blanket over me, yelling at him to get out. I try to lift my head to look towards you, but my position barely allows me to raise my head, let alone turn it.Instead I began to hear voices, as though under water.
"This is the one you were talking about?"
"Yeah. That little pussy is always so tight and wet. Ready for a good fucking whenever I demand it. Always wants to please."
"That ass...Those handprints and marks look fresh."
I didn't understand at first. Why were you talking to each other. What was the thing you were talking about. Why weren't you doing anything?!
I jumped and practically screamed when I felt your touch on my raised cheek. Your hand felt red hot on my skin, and I'm sure you would have been able to see my muscles, clenched tight, ripple and spasm as I jerked in shock. You ran your hand along the curves of my ass, tracing the red marks there, taking in how they stood out against the otherwise smooth, tanned skin.
"Mm, this morning. The slut practically begged for it. Begging on her hands and knees whilst worshipping my cock with her little mouth "
It was as though you were discussing a car in a showroom. Your tone neutral, though somewhat proud, like you were showing off to a friend that you could afford the better model but would let him take it for a spin one day. But you weren't talking about a car. 'Slut' you had said. You were talking about a person. But who could you be talking about? Finally my brain caught up with what I was hearing. Me. You were discussing me. Telling your friend about our most intimate acts whilst I was tied down on the bed in front of you both.
Adrenalin surged though my body then and I bucked and struggled. Pulling on the restraints. Twisting and squirming, drawing my body as far from your touch as possible.
I hear a chuckle behind me.
"It's got some fight." My blood boiled rage everytime I heard the word 'it'. How dare he?! But at the same time I could feel my body awakening at how you seemed to speak with pride about me. You wanted your friend to want to use me too. I may be just a fuck toy, but I was yours and part of me wanted to make you look good. Show him how well you had trained me, how willing I was to please you always, how my pussy was yours to use and abuse, and if this was how it was to be used then so be it.
"Yeah it puts up a good struggle every now and again. Makes breaking it even more enjoyable." I could recognise the power and lust in your voice. I couldn't help the fresh wetness it brought to my cunt.
There is a quiet moment. As though someone had pressed paused on the world, and the air held still. I felt you lean forward, your lips against my ear, breath hot and wet.
"Amber. Red. Tell me you remember those words," your hushed voice earnest in tone.
"Mmm," I reply. Nodding into the pillow.
"Tell me," you repeat. Your fingers curling, pressing nails against my soft skin.
"I remember, Sir. Amber, Red," I recite as a tear spills past my lashes. And just like that the world speeds up once more. Your friend being the first to speak.
"These look fresh."
I didn't know what he was referring to until I felt your hand slap down on my ass. The handprints and red marks stinging as fresh as when you had left them on my skin to begin with.
As you spoke your hand moved from tracing the redness on my cheeks, from gripping and shaking my ass, to follow the line of the crease on display. Your fingers ghosted over my folds, and I couldn't help the shudder that ran through my body...my senses so on fire that the smallest touch set me off.
"It'll perform well," your friend remarked at that. Coming forward, he touched me for the first time with a short sharp slap on my raised ass. I gasped as his hand connected with my flesh. I should have realised this was more than show and tell. This was to be a demonstration, and I was the subject, the object to be used, the fuck toy to be tested. At this realisation I couldn't help the tears that sprang to my eyes, couldn't help the half sob that came forth. Was I so little to you, even as just holes to fuck, that you would let any friend come here and use me too?! I felt you lean over me, your jumper clad chest folding over my bare back.
"Shut it. You will not embarrass me you little slut. You will lie here and take whatever we decide you deserve, do you hear me? I don't care what you think you want. I know you want this. I know the slut you try and pretend you're not. I know how you crave cock, fantasise about being covered in the cum of whatever man you're lucky enough will fuck you. I own you, I own your pain and I own your pleasure." You voice was a whisper, but the tone was ice cold. Deadly in its seriousness. And though I wanted to argue I knew what you said was true. I was yours and if this was how you would use your fuck toy this evening then it was my place to take it, to serve your pleasure. And my body ever wanting to obey I felt my pussy twitch as fresh juices ran down my lips.
"Do you think tears will help you, you little whore?" You snarled, I heard a chuckle come from behind me. "You think I will stop because you want me too?" I felt the bed shift beneath me as your fingers left my pussy.
"You know tears will only make this more fun for us." It was the first time I had heard your friend speak directly to me. "You had better not forget, you do not own your body, you do not own your freedom. Tonight it is in both our hands." And as if to prove his point he roughly shoved three, no the way I felt myself stretching it had to be four, fingers deep into my cunt. He curled them and began to pump them in and out of me, coating them and my pussy with the new wetness my situation had caused. Though hampered by the ropes, my body began to rock instinctively. Pushing back on his fingers deep inside me, and trying to find friction against the pillows beneath me for my clit.
I felt you run your fingers through my hair. The tenderness in comparison to the roughness setting my body on fire.
"That's it. That's a good little slut. Are you ready to listen to us now? You're mine always, but tonight you're our toy to play with." I nodded my head against the bed and your hand. I would agree to anything as I felt my climax building already. My body so on fire, my heart racing, my mind a whirlwind, but through it all I only wanted to please you. To show you I could be the good, obedient slut you trained me to be. At this your hand stills on the back of my head and you clench your first, taking a grip of my hair in your hand. You snap my head back, pulling my face up and causing my back to arch even more. "Cum now?" you order. "Show him how beautiful that little pussy of yours is when you cum."
My body clamped down on the fingers pressing in and out of me. Pushing back against the hand harder and harder. I was always amazed how my body reacted to an order to cum so quickly when that order was leaving your lips.
You let go of my hair and my head fell back against the bed. He removed his fingers and I felt you both rise from the bed.
A hand came down, hard and fast against my ass, no doubt sending ripples across my skin. Though I couldn't see anything I knew it was him that had struck me, and I was amazed at how well I could recognise when it wasn't your touch.
"That was a pretty sight. How wet the little cunt is." he remarks to you before leaning closer to me. "He said you were a cock hungry little slut, and it's true isn't. Look at you...worth nothing more than the holes you have for fucking."
Still riding the end of my orgasm I can't form real words, just incoherent sounds you both take as agreement. Its not my place to disagree anyway. Through the haze I hear the sounds of zips and buttons being pulled apart and the rustle of clothing being removed and dropped to the floor. My heart begins to race again. These haven't been just words. You really do mean to let him fuck me. To share me, to offer me to anyone that wants a turn riding me.
You are stood level with my face at the head of the bed, all I am able to see of the room is your body, from your belly button, down the V of your hips to the middle of your thighs. And there, right in the centre of my view is your cock. Your long, hard length, standing proudly against your body, a glistening bead of precum balancing on the tip. I lick my lips. I know exactly what that would taste like, I know how your hardness would feel against my tongue, I know how my mouth would leave your length soaking, I know how it would feel to choke around your cock as your hips drive it deep down my throat.
I get so lost in my fantasies and memories that I don't realise someone else has joined me on the bed until I feel large, strong thighs pressed against the back of mine, then the weight of a rock hard cock slapped against my ass cheeks, once, twice, three times, until, without warning, it is sheathed inside me fully.
Holy shit. His hips begin to rock. Pulling out almost completely before driving himself into me again, hitting the deepest part of me so hard I think it hurts. I can't figure it out, my mind is so muddled. I feel pain from his thrusts, from being stretched around him, I feel pleasure as his length runs along inside me, I feel betrayed and used, I feel worthless, I want it to stop, I want it to never stop, but I really want to fucking taste you. I know it's his cock in me, using my hole for his convenience, but you are the only thing my mind can focus on. I hope I am doing a good job for you. I need this to be what you want from me.
As he thrusts into me again I can't help crying out. As I do I feel one of his hands leave my hip, and whilst my mouth is open he hooks his finger into my mouth, and like you would lead an animal, pulls up against my cheek, forcing me to raise my head. My back arches painfully, but from the moan I hear, he appreciates the new position so I know I must hold it through the pain and muscle spasms. My raised head, however, now puts my face level with your cock. A string of saliva drips from my lips, showing you how wet my mouth is at the very thought of wrapping my lips around you. You step forward, and into my waiting, pulled open mouth, you slide you cock. My eyes rolls in their sockets and I moan around you. This is what I know. This is what I am good at.
My throat is still a little sore from our earlier activities but I don't care. I roll my tongue and begin to suck, trying to draw you even deeper into my mouth. Behind me his hips continue to drive, shoving my body forward with each thrust. And as my body is pushed towards you, you rock your hips to meet my mouth. An iron grip in my hair keeps my head up and level for you, whilst you both thrust in rhythm. Sending my body one way then the other, backwards and forward between you as you fuck a hole at each end.
Above the sounds of sex, of bodies hitting eachother, of the bed rocking, of my wetness at both ends mixing with your own precum, I can hear a constant stream of words.
"Fucking whore....little cock slut....taking us both and you're still hungry for more....this is all you are good for....cum bucket....worthless....fuck toy....slut....ours....owned....nothing....fuck holes..." the words melted into each other, I didn't know who was saying what, but as each word washed over me I knew they were all true.
I began to feel another climax building between my legs, my body getting hotter, every nerve ending firing as my pussy started twitching around his cock. It only made my mouth work harder around you. My tongue swirling, pressing your tip against the ridges of the roof my mouth, my lips tightening around you. The sounds of my building orgasm filled the room, joined soon by yours and his. Fingers replaced the cock deep in my cunt, and i felt my pussy clamp down on them, whilst squirts of cum shot across my ass and back. My throat worked as hard as my pussy. Whilst those walls squeezed and spasmed, my throat milked every drop of cum from you until it was spilling past my lips, dripping down my chin, collecting in my hair.
Finally you pulled out, your still hard length glistening with cum and wetness. I licked my lips, trying to stop any more of your seed from escaping. From my soaking wet and sore pussy he withdrew his fingers. I could feel the strings of our juices holding like a bridge between my opening and his hand. He reached forward and shoved his fingers into my mouth with an order to clean. I licked and slumped with passion and as much energy as I could muster. I made eye contact with you. Both of us held the post orgasm haze but through it I could see raw lust in you. I prayed I had done well for you.
I can't imagine how I must look...shots of cum crisscrossing along my back and ass, my hair a mess, my skin flushed, your cum hanging in strings from my lips.
"It performs well," he remarked. I knew this time he was talking about me. It. Slut. Object. The word didn't matter because it all meant the same thing. I kept my eyes glued to your face, waiting for your reaction to his words and my performance.
"The slut knows her place, even if she needs constant reminders. She did well for her first time." You were referring to the first time of you sharing me. The first time, without even asking me, you had brought another man into the bedroom and let him fuck me. Used me at the same time in fact. I hear something that sounds like agreement. But it's loaded. Like the smile you give me when I ask you to stop, you pause for a moment before doubling your efforts. I feel goosebumps shoot across my skin, in anticipation of what this could mean as well as the cooling of the sweat that coats me.
You move away for the first time and I struggle slightly, not liking not having you in sight whilst he is here. I hear rummaging, then the words, "turn the slut over."
The pillows beneath my hips are roughly pulled away. I can't help but cry out as my body hits the bed, every part of me aches and stings. Next I feel hands at my ankles. The rope stays tight around my ankles but I feel the binds slacken as they are released from their anchors. The same happens are the ropes at my wrists. I lie there. This could be my chance to escape, to fight back. But even if I could find the energy, I know my efforts would be futile. My strength is no match to yours, and going by the grips on my hips that I know will leave finger shaped bruises, his strength is far greater than mine too. I would stand no chance against you both working together. So I stay still, let my body be roughly flipped over and put up no fight when I am bound again to the corners of the bed.
For the first time I see the other person you have let use me. He is tall and broad, and as i lay looking up at him I feel so utterly helpless. I would have no chance fighting against his wishes. He leans over me, let's his hands run the length of my body, roughly working my breasts, tracing my hips and edges of my thighs that are pulled wide apart. He takes back the pillows that had previously been removed and with one arm pulls my hips up and shoves the pillows underneath, raising my body and displaying my glistening, red opening once more. This pulls at the ties on each of my limbs until they are stretched taught. He steps back, admiring my position before gathering two further lengths of rope, looping them around each of my thighs he tightened them until my legs were stretched and splayed at the hip as fair as possible, removing the chance of me to bend my knees and hide myself at all. I was exposed, ready for use, humiliation and whatever you each had in mind next.
He gave a tug on the last rope for good measure. But there was no real point. I was held firm. On my back, arms pulled up above my head, my legs tied to the foot of the bed with ropes at my thighs pulling my knees and hips wide. Pillows under my ass raised my hips and displayed my pink glistening opening to you. To you both.
"It makes such a noise when it cums." He remarks of me to you. "I could listen to that noise all night."
"Oh you will. Until she is begging for a break," you reply. I let me gaze settle on you once again and spy in your hand the one thing I love, and love to hate, more than anything else: the wand. Everytime we use it I can't help but think back to your original instruction for me to purchase it. And how when it had arrived the intensity of the vibrations had scared me that I had waited to use it until that night with you. So tonight, as always, the sight of it in your hands sent my body trembling.
You plug it in and stood holding it above me, your other hand carded gently through my hair, pulling loose strands from my face before retracting your touch. I lay there looking up at each of you on either side of me and felt a wash of fear again. Your combined presence was awe-inspiring. The power and authority rolled off you in waves. My helplessness equally apparent. With a small movement you flicked your thumb and the toy in your hands buzzed to life. You lowered it to my completely exposed sex, holding it lightly, teasingly, on my clit. It quickly peaked to attention from under its little pink hood, and I made the first of many attempts to loosen my bindings. This was to be a slow build. You loved to watch my body as you played it like a musical instrument. Knew every tell, knew every nuance, and knew how to bring forward every possible reaction. So you held steady, your hand didn't move, the pressure remained the same, but you quickly saw the flush race across my chest. Watched how my nipples hardened to small buds and my breathing quickened.
"That's it," You cooed. "Let go whilst you still have the choice, because it won't remain yours for much longer."
A breathless whimper was the only reply I gave, as i felt a familiar heat and pressure building in my core.
"Cum for me," You purred. And always one to obey I did. I let the orgasm rush through me. My back arching, a long, drawn out cry coming from my lips, whilst wetness gushed afresh from between my lips and you watched my pussy twitch and spasm.
As my body rolled through its latest orgasm, my breath held waiting for the moment of relief when you would lift the wand from my throbbing clit. My body so over sensitive, every nerve ending alight I couldn't deal with the stimulation much longer.
Though my movements were limited by the ropes, I buck my hips to indicate enough.
"Naahh," I moan. I begging from deep within me for you to let up. You rarely pushed me from one orgasm straight to another as you knew just how much it did to my body and my mind. Today you had other things on your mind.
"Don't fight it you little slut." You command.
I growl again through clenched teeth. I just need it to stop, I don't know that my body could take another violent orgasm. You can see the linger signs of defiance on my face.
"Fight it, and we tape it to you, pressed hard against that pussy of yours and leave you here alone for a couple of hours." I could tell by your tone that you were telling the truth. The thought of you abandoning me to this torment made my body ice cold with the fear so I let my face relax, my body following.
As though you had planned it, your friend stepped up next. Taking the wand, and therefore control of my orgasm into his hands. He held the wand against me even harder. Instead of holding it still, he rocked it ever so slightly. The movement barely visible, but with how sensitive my body was it overtook all my senses.
I no longer knew if I was hot or cold, lying or standing, was the room loud or quiet but for the vibrations? My eyes rolled in my head as I knew nothing of the world around me.
You watched on knowingly as my breath got shallower, each intake of air short and almost silent, my body began to slow in its jerking, my eyes closing as my mind got lost in the sensations overwhelming me. He didn't know what this meant. He didn't know my body like you did. You could read my body almost better than I could. Understood that this was the calm before the storm. That my body was teetering on the precipice, ready to fall completely over the edge. He couldn't see how close I was. Maybe he thought the climax was slipping away, maybe he thought I needed more. So when he flicked his thumb to send the vibrations spiking I couldn't help the scream that came from me. It was guttural, coming from as deep within me as the orgasm that he brought forth.
The hand that had been running up your own length jerked and began to piston as you watched my body writhe, spasm and shake against the wand between my legs. The rope around my ankles and wrists undoubtedly causing bruises I'll be unable to hide, whilst the ties that keep my thighs apart pinch at the soft skin there. Not that I notice any of it as my body continues it convulsions.
You watch on. Proud of how your fuck toy is performing. All of your hard work and effort having paid off, as you watch and hear how intensely I'm cumming.
I rocked my hips against the pain pulsing from my clit. My bud so hypersensitive from the orgasms you had forced on me before.
"Please," I begged, unsure where I found the air to breathe, let alone speak. "P-please. I need a break, i need it pleeeease." My voice shook as I stuttered through my pleas. Begging for just a moments release. I could have cried when he lifted the toy from my throbbing clit. Ah, the relief was as heavy as the smell of sex in the air. I let out a long breath, a small smile fleeting across my face at his mercy. If I had been paying attention I would have seen the sadistic smile that lay across his lips, because before I could stammer out a breathy thank you, his thumb shifted, sending the vibrations of the toy racing and with no warning lowered it to my clit. He pressed it hard and wavering against my cunt.
I screamed. I guttural, carnal scream as fresh waves of pain coursed through my body. My whole being was so oversensitive already, this was torture. Fresh waves of tears streamed from my eyes as my head thrashed left and right against the bed.
"Naaahhh," I could no longer form real sounds.
You voice, low and deadly, cut through the haze. "Do not think you can forget your place you little whore! You are mine, but tonight we both own you. We shall take what we want and you will beg for more."
More. The thought of more had me trembling. There is no way I could actually beg for more. My mind was whirling. To press your point he pressed the head of the wand against me even harder, as though he wanted to shove it inside me. I was crying now, and yet through the pain I could feel a building tension in my core. My climax was building anew. From praying for it to end, my desperate, needy cunt was now desperate for the sensations to continue. For the next wave to wash over, for pleasure to chase away the pain. And finally it did. As your hand released the iron grip it had had on my hair, that had lifted my head forcing me to watch the toy, shining and soaking with my juices buzz against me, and came down hard and fast on my tits.
You knew how sensitive my nipples are, having nearly sent me to climax with just your mouth and tongue working them. So when your slaps came down and your palm raked across my rock hard nipples I felt my back arch as much as my binds would let me and another orgasm race through me.
I had lost count as to how many times I had cum....the first being a slow and luxurious build with the wand in your hands, the second was the beginning of my undoing as you held it over my clit whilst driving your rock hard cock deep inside me. The third had been when you handed the wand to him. He had pushed me into that orgasm so fast it left my head spinning. The fourth was him again, but I remember it because you used my mouth hanging open in a silent scream to sheath your dick into until it was pressing against the back of my throat. The following had become a blur of words, sounds, the never ending buzz of vibration. Pleasure, morphing into pain as my oversensitive body had no respite, to pleasure again as I fell victim to the stimulations. This last orgasm left me panting, my voice now hoarse, my body trembling uncontrollably.
Finally the wand was brought away from my body and silenced. I whimpered in relief.
It was his voice I heard next. "Say thank you." he commanded.
"Wha-?" I was so lost in my mind.
"Say thank you for the orgasms we gave you, you ungrateful cunt."
Your hand that had last landed on my tit had stayed there, and now began to clench into a fist, taking my breast tight in your grip. That was your order for me to obey.
"Th-thank you," I slurred. "Thank you." I had to concentrate so hard on the words.
I felt you both shift, stood now on either side of me, the words of abuse flowed again. Name after name, until only you spoke.
"Tell us what a little cum slut you are. How much you want to taste and feel our cum on you."
"I am a cumslut. Cumslut. Need your cum. Want it. Need. Please."
Your hands continued to pump your rock hard dicks until I felt the first load shoot across my chest. It landed across my stomach and breasts, before it was directed towards my mouth, landed on my chin before some dripped into my mouth.
Maybe everything you had said was true, I was hungry for cum because I couldn't stop my tongue racing out to lap up the beads of his cum from my lips.
Then I hear the familiar sounds of you reaching your climax. From deep within me a find new energy, new strength.
"Please Sir let me have your cum. Let me taste it again. I need it. Please. Your slut needs you." I beg anew.
My pleading, my eyes looking up at you, mouth wide and tongue out, my body glistening with sweat and his cum, my pussy bright pink, soaking and still twitching, and lastly words send you over the edge. Pointed towards my face and chest you shoot your load. Stream after stream of cum lands across my body, face and even in my hair. I lick at and swallow every drop I can. You lean over me, helping to guide the errant pools of cum towards my mouth. I lick at those too before sucking your head and fingers clean.
This seems to exhaust me once again and I fall back against the bed, not able to even open my eyes fully. Around me I hear him move to leave, collecting his clothes and exiting towards the bathroom. The quiet consumes us for a few moments before you move to the foot of the bed and begin to untie me.
With one last rake of his eyes up and down my body, your friend collects his discarded clothes and leaves the room. A few moments later I hear the shower come to life.
Even with all of my restraints untied I lay on the bed spreadeagle, unable still to control my trembling limbs. You ran your hand up the inside of my thigh, stopping moments from my tender, abused pussy. I let out a shaky breath as my sensitive nerve endings continued to fire.
"You did so well," you cooed gently. Carefully bringing my arms down from over my head to lay at my sides, knowing that the flow of blood moving freely once again would ignite painful pins and needles. You lifted my hips and removed the sodden pillow, it was heavy with my juices and reeked of sex and want. You laid it at the foot of the bed, and knowing you, ideas were already whizzing through your mind of how it could be used again later, forcing me to sleep on the sex covered pillow, or such other humiliation. You slid your arm beneath my shoulders lifting me slightly before sliding behind me, pulling me back to lean on your solid chest. Laying like this, with your arms wrapped around me was the safest place in the world.
Peering up at you through my lashes, I finally found my voice. "Was I a good slut for you Sir?"
Carding your fingers through my hair you said the one thing I needed to hear above all else, "You were excellent. You made me so proud."
I could finally relax fully, letting the last of my tension release and with a long exhale I let my body go heavy against yours. Whilst I would have liked to never move again I knew our night was not over yet. There was dinner to be had and a film to see. I heard the shower shut off down the corridor and felt you begin to move. I went with you. Showering together was not only efficient but something we did often. Your hand on my body stilled me.
"No no. I am going for a shower. You are to get dressed." I looked down at my breasts and stomach, coated in drying cum, then further down to between my legs, my pussy and thighs glistening still. I glance up at you, surely you will let me rinse myself off at least. I watch your eyes track the same evidence as mine, but the devilish smile and raised eyebrow tell me your instructions stand. "And no perfume," you add over your shoulder as you leave the room, leaving the door open once again. A simple and small reminder that I have no right to privacy.
Dressing is an ordeal. Every part of me aches and my mind is exhausted, but I pull on my jeans. They are tight, wrapping around my thighs and showing off the curves of my hips and ass. My nipples object at first to my breasts being encased in a bra, the delicate lace too much for the sensitive nubs. Over that I slide a loose, sheer blouse. I know you will want to be able to track the shape of my body, and enjoy the rounds of my breasts in the cutting V. Plus, if I lean too far forward i risk the fabric falling and revealing the threads of cum still across my chest. Finally some heeled boots, my hair allowed to fall in loose waves about my shoulders, I fix my make up and go to find you both waiting in the living room.
I always love how your eyes track across my body when I enter a room, and I dip my eyes instinctively, though a coy smile flashes across my lips. I can't bear to turn my gaze towards him, a soft flush creeping across my cheeks at the thought. The decision is made for us to leave and as I pass him heading for the door, a hand reaches out to grab my arm, stopping me. He turns his face towards me and inhales deeply. The look of lust that flashes deep in his eyes tells me he can smell the sex reeking from my pores and slowly drying on my skin. The scent hangs heavy around me. I know every man and woman we pass this evening will be able to smell it, smell me, smell how much of a slut I am, all night too.
As we walk down the street towards town I suddenly regret the choice of jeans, as with each step the denim rubs across my sensitive clit, eliciting soft gasps from me. By the time we reach the restaurant I am struggling to keep myself upright, and my eyes are starting to glaze over once again. Your hand remains constant on my ass, where it always does when we walk together, but as we wait to be seated I jump as he curls his hand around the back of my neck. For the patrons looking our way there is no denying the power rolling off the two of you, nor any denying to whom I belong and in exactly what capacity. I know you have seen the women's shocked faces and the looks of admiration and jealousy from the men.
Though you may show me off in public and share me in private, I know you love how hard I try for you, how much your will and your pleasure are the only things that drive me. It will only ever be you I call Sir, your name on my lips as I cum, and you that owns my body and mind. I'm your slut.