This is a cuckold story (or it will be once it gets going). It's a story of what I wish would happen to these real people. It is (sadly) entirely fictional. Yup, there's a lot in the real world that you wouldn't and shouldn't do, lucky for you this is a fantasy, fiction and some people find it erotic.
Hope you enjoy it, please do reach out should you have feedback or suggestions.
A Wife's Descent Ch. 03
Photoshoot
The three of us sat in the small waiting room of the studio that Michelle had booked us into. I could tell that my wife was still filled with an overpowering lust that had boiled up inside her during her time with Nate. A few times she'd asked Michelle if we could just leave and go home. I knew what she wanted. She needed to cum. She was all pent up, frustrated and confused about these strange new feelings coursing around inside her.
I wasn't holding much hope for this photoshoot, the pictures around the waiting room were lovely, professional and boring as shit. And of course we'd just been treated to a right sight that I 100% couldn't get out of my head.
Emily and Michelle were chatting between themselves, I'd tuned out until Emily got my attention, "Chris, did you really like what I just did?".
I turned to her to see a scared and worried face, it was almost comical. "Honey, you were amazing. Yes I really liked what you did."
"Really?"
"Yes, really dear, really really." and I grinned at her.
She shook her head "But we're married and I love you."
I was about to answer when Michelle tutted "God Emily, he loves you obviously or he wouldn't have stood there through that. And we've covered this to death. You're a sexy woman and it's ok to enjoy yourself like that."
Emily rolled her eyes, I grinned more and quickly reassured her "She's right, love. I love you loads and this is I guess just an extension of that. Let's enjoy where it takes us.".
"I can't do, have a, you know, baby." she couldn't get her head around it.
I still couldn't really understand it myself, however, quietly uttered "I know" and I reached forward putting my hand over her womb. There was silence between the three of us for a while, I left my hand there. We locked eyes.
Then I slowly lowered my eyes down her body. Over her new blouse that barely contained her chest over my hand that was still resting on her, to her short skirt. It was so strange to see her in a short skirt like this. Her thick thighs were just there, encased in what I knew was stockings, again not her usual attire. I was so horny, knowing that this amazing woman was my wife and a new part of her was being born. Here we were talking about her having a black baby, utterly mind-blowing.
I almost didn't hear myself as I quietly mumbled to her "You were amazing kissing Nate." my eyes still fixed on her legs, unable to look her in the eye right now. "I loved seeing you enjoying each other.". I felt her shiver, she put a hand over mine. Both resting over her womb. I want to reinforce the message almost shivering as I did "I liked seeing his hands on you. His black hands feeling your body".
That was too much, she pushed my hand away with a quiet "No" and I'd swear I heard her mutter under her breath, "I'm not a slag." and she turned back to Michelle.
We left it all there for a few minutes of contemplation before a lady appeared through a doorway, introduced herself as Jennifer and led us in. Instantly I was ignored. The door was almost close in my face. I was very much not a part of this part of the day. Not much difference to how the day had gone so far but it was very apparent this time.
Jennifer was interesting, as I watched her talking with Michelle and Emily I couldn't help but compare her to a curvier version of Haley Atwell. She kinda had my attention, which was weird to say that with my wife standing there dressed as she was. Jennifer was maybe in her late 20s, early 30s, she was dressed in tight black leggings, almost yoga, gym style and a fairly long, loose pink t-shirt. White trainers at the bottom and long flowing blonde hair at the top. A pretty woman, who likely went to the gym a lot.
The first 20 minutes of this had me sitting on a sofa, in the naughty boy corner, while the three women looked over a few printed books and scrolled around to look at various poses on a screen. I was getting bored when at last my wife stepped forward onto a wide, long roll of light grey cloth that Jennifer pulled down from a thing up high. It created a clear background and the room started to look professional as lights appeared to somehow lower themselves from the ceiling. I was impressed at the high tech setup of this place.
Jennifer instantly took charge as, just like that, the photos started. She instructed Emily on how to stand, move around, and what facial expressions to make. My wife, though looking sexy, looked so out of place, her movements and poses were stiff, she was clearly not relaxed, this wasn't her world at all.
After a good 20 minutes, something had to give. Though Emily was trying, it just wasn't smooth and Jennifer was getting a little frustrated. She remained professional and was constantly giving encouragement but it wasn't getting through. I was far enough away that I couldn't really hear what they were saying but I could hear Michelle trying to help. Emily kept looking over in my direction, I could see the turmoil in her eyes.
At that point Jennifer caught my wifes gaze and turned to look at me. She smirked as if she'd had a eureka moment and said something to them both. Michelle then nodded and walked over in my direction. "She not relaxing with you here."
"Oh"
I didn't have time to think that through before she tutted "You gonna bugger off for a bit then?" and smirked at me.
Oh that's what she meant "Errr I guess."
She quickly gave me instructions "Yup take a stroll, see you in an hour.". She pivoted and left me, walking back towards her friend and the photographer. I didn't hang around and quickly stepped away. Back in the mall, I started to wander around aimlessly.
I couldn't get the vision of my wife with Nate just a few moments ago and how amazing she was. I started to worry and wonder about all this. Everyone has fantasies yer? But who actioned them? When you've fulfilled them, what happens next? Do new ones fill their space? Do they get more and more extreme? Where's the limit? Could I already be getting us into serious trouble?
The balance of these worries and my kinky side fought in my head as I burned through time. I checked in with Claire via messages, she was fine and going to find her own way home. Something else popped into my head, what if she'd seen her mother kissing Nate? That was just the start though wasn't it? She was going to have a brother or sister that wasn't white. Suddenly, the realness of this all hit home. Shit what have I done?
I'd been gone for over an hour and a half so I thought it was time to head back.
Standing in the studio's reception, I felt awkward thinking about going back into the room with the women. It was weird when I was asked to leave. I was also having second thoughts about all of this and didn't know what to think. I must have paced around the room for a good 10 mins before eventually I shook myself and just opened the door and walked in. Acutely aware that I could have been anyone from the mall just barging in.
It took me a moment to work out what I was seeing. The room was a lot darker, there was a marble effect deep red background now behind my wife and she was sitting on what looked like a stone chair. God only knows where that came from. Michelle was nowhere in sight, but both the other two women were just in their underwear.
Yup I stood there gobsmacked to see my wife sitting there facing me in her new, amazing, lacy, white underwear set. It was actually glistening, like it was lit from within somehow. She was sitting with her legs wide apart, her hands on her knees and she was slightly leaning forward. This gave her miles of cleavage, and the lacy design of her knickers was pulled tight across her pussy, as were the garter straps holding her stockings up. I'd never seen her look like this. She looked like a different woman, she looked so sultry and erotic. I could imagine her on the cover of an erotic fiction book.
The other thing that caught my attention was that Jennifer was also in her underwear but still behind the camera. She was with her back to me and had what looked like a black sports bra on and a red thong. Her ass looked tight and sexy as hell. This was quite a scene.
I thought I'd stalled at the door but soon realised that I'd walked a few steps into the room when my shin hit a coffee table and it rang out in the room. Jennifer looked round at the noise, made eye contact but instantly spun her attention back to my wife. I met my wife's eyes from across the room and I saw the same lustful look as when she was with Nate. It instantly started to drain away as I watched fear take over.
Jennifer must have felt the mood change as she quickly called out "Eyes here". It was a loud, powerful command that Emily instantly honoured. She continued as if my interruption hadn't happened. "Pull your elbows closer together, lean your breasts between them." CLICK CLICK CLICK "Lean forward more" CLICK CLICK "Now bow your head." CLICK CLICK CLICK "Fantastic, now keep your head there but tilt it up a little. A little more." CLICK CLICK "Your legs have become loose again, wider and tense them." CLICK CLICK "You can go wider than that" CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK "Wider still""CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK.
All the while she was moving around, changing the angle, capturing it all. I was instantly hard as a rock and my heart was again pounding. I never expected this. My wife was astonishing.
Jennifer continued to instruct Emily through some subtle changes in her pose. My wife was perfect, moving exactly as instructed, she was oozing sexuality. Her skin was shining and I could see why as I watched Jennifer spray her with something. It was more than water, maybe an oil.
Emily's legs were so wide apart that her underwear was tightly stretched across her pussy. You could make out everything. I must have been standing there with my mouth aghast.
Jennifer then put her camera down telling my wife to relax. She walked over to her while spraying some oil into her hands and started to rub it over my wife's face. She quickly moved onto her shoulders, arms and cleavage. She even reached deep inside the bra cups rubbing the oil all over my wife's breasts. What was this for? But I wasn't about to stop it. Emily didn't flinch as she did this, another mind blown moment.
I was more surprised when Jennifer reached for the oil spray and really went to town on the bra. Covering it in loads of oil, then more on her hands and again she rubbed it into my wife's breasts. I understood as I watched the lacy bra start to become almost wet and slightly see through. God this was amazing.
"Do the same for your knickers" as she handed my wife the bottle and stepped back. Picking up a towel she dried her hands and walking back to a laptop pressed some buttons and the lights changed to a bright red. She looked up at Emily and shook her head, the colour changed again to a deeper red, almost brown. Apparently, happy with that she picked up her camera as we watched my wife rubbing the oil into her knickers.
Again something I never thought I'd see.
When she thought she was done, a questioning look at Jennifer received a nod followed by a head nod towards the side and a cushion to which my wife threw the bottle. A surprisingly good shot.
Jennifer instantly got back into it. Posing my wife, this time also taking pictures from side on. You could definitely see a lot more this time. Her underwear had taken on a transparent look. How on earth did she get my wife to relax and pose like this? Where was Michelle?
That question was soon answered as she magically appeared next to me, purposefully rubbing her boob against my arm. I didn't turn to greet her as she started to whisper to me straight away "I'm glad you left, she needed reassuring. Just look at her, deep down she's a complete slut.".
It looked like she was right. My concerns from earlier resurfacing, mixed with what I was now seeing and hearing. She looked so sexy and hot right now. She looked like a professional porn model that millions would drool over. Michelle continued "We need to get someone else's cock into her quickly. Maybe Nate, maybe not. But she needs a stranger cock ruining her monogamy." she tutted "Just look at her right now, you'd never think she'd only had one cock in her entire life. We have to fix that problem quickly. Get her over herself. You want that don't you?".
She rubbed her boob across my arm. I did want that for my wife didn't I? I didn't answer her and she carried on "I don't care what you want now. She's gonna get it if I have to pin her down and do it myself." I turned to look at her. This was a Michelle that I didn't know. She sounded vindictive and scary. She grinned at me "Oh yes, we need to accelerate your wife's slutting." and she stepped away from me up to Jennifer.
They both spoke quietly under their breaths so that I couldn't hear. Jennifer continued to pose my wife and take pictures. And then it stopped.
Michelle announced "That's it babe. Go get dressed, Jennifer needs to lock up.".
My wife didn't move from her current pose of one hand inside a bra cup and the other inside her knickers. Her pouty face towards the camera. However Jennifer had turned away and was now with her back to us on her laptop and her mobile. I was still confused as to why she was in her underwear but I wasn't going to complain.
Michelle walked over to my wife, snapping her out of her daze and back into the room with us. She gave her instructions. Emily walked off behind a screen that I'd not noticed before. Her breasts jiggling with easy, small, slow, steps.
Michelle came over to me smiling "So how did today go? Achieved any dreams?".
She damn well knew she'd blown my mind, I didn't know where to start. "Utterly amazing." and a big grin was about all I could manage. Turning to Jennifer we saw her put her phone down, we both sensed something changing.
For Next Time
Her expression was different and she looked almost a little nervous as she then turned to Michelle asking "Do you think Emily would be up for helping with a special commission I have?".
"Let's ask her." Michelle smirked, turning to the screen "Emily love come over here.". I turned to see my wife appear as she was just sliding her foot into her last new incredible heel, she stood and walked towards us. "Jennifer would like you to help her with a new commission, shoot thing.".
"What now?" My wife was confused.
Jennifer quickly replied "No not now, we'd need to do some prep and setup.".
"Oh." was all Emily managed.
There was a stupid silence between the three women for a few moments. Before Michelle interjected "What's the commission Jennifer?".
Jennifer looked up at Emily and then back to Michelle as if taking stock on what to say next. She knew I was still there but again didn't include me in the conversation. "I have various wealthy clients that like certain types of pics and sometimes videos." she waited a few seconds before continuing, "They tell me what they like and I try to deliver for them every now and then. They pay very well."
"You mean I'd get paid for you to take pictures of me?" Emily instantly asked.
Then Michelle asked the more important question, "These pictures, for private collectors, or public show?"
Jennifer addressed each woman "Yes Emily you'd get paid, how much depends on how you do and how far we go ..." she let that trail off and she turned to Michelle "These are usually very private pictures, it depends on numerous factors." I wanted to know more, I had a thousand questions ready but kept placid in the corner.
"What type of pictures and how much?" Emily went back to the money again.
Jennifer took a deep breath "Well, there are quite a few commissions that I expect you'd be good for but there's one in particular that I know the client would be thrilled to see you in. You have certain attributes he'd fall in love with." I could already guess what they were, I think Michelle and Emily could too.
Michelle then deliberately and slightly humiliatingly blurted out "Her massive tits?".
Emily gasped, Jennifer nodded. She paused before delivering it as professionally as possible "They have a hucow fascination".
"What's that?" Emily looked concerned, but there was something that said excitement in her next word "Hucow". Now I knew exactly what that was, having a keen interest in that also. But I fully expected Emily to not have a clue, I wondered if Michelle knew.
"Let me show you an example." and Jennifer, clicked around a few folders and a picture popped up on the screen.
"Oh" and Emily literally took a step back from the screen, clearly shocked. Michelle was quiet as she took it in. I took a step forward to get a better look.
On the screen was a woman on all fours, it was a side profile shot. She was naked apart from a headband that had ears on it. It appeared that she was held in place via a metal frame of some sort. Her boobs were dangling free and downwards. It looked like she was in a barn of some sort, I couldn't tell if it was staged or real.
Jennifer took our collective silence as an ok to proceed, as another picture appeared on screen. This one was similar except the woman had tubes attached to her boobs. I knew this was a milking machine. The set was different, I guess a bedroom of some sort. Both of the women we'd seen so far had much smaller boobs than Emily's.
Another few seconds of silence passed before I felt a poke in my arm and looked across to Michelle. She was intently staring at me with raised eyebrows. She was asking if I was game for this, if I'd help push it on.
Of bloody course I would, I nodded a HUGE nod and grin. She nodded back and smirked, turning back to the screen "Jennifer I'm concerned that Emily isn't ready for something like this. She's very new to her sexuality."
Jennifer nodded, "I understand, I just couldn't help but ask." She turned to Emily "She just has an amazing figure and well." she smiled at Emily and looked at her boobs "she'd be perfect for it."
Michelle seemed to shift to acting as Emily's agent "I don't think Emily wants to be objectified like that. Not for any kind of money." she deliberately bought the money thing back up. "Also she doesn't have milk.".
Jennifer was clearly happy that this discussion wasn't being shut down instantly. "The milk bit is fine, that's just an added extra if and when possible." Looking between the both of them she added "Depending on what level of this you want to participate in, the payment is between £1,000 and £10,000. I know one collector that has paid even more for a certain type of photo."
I couldn't help myself "Geezz over a grand, how much for what?" all three of them turned to me, as if they were startled to remember that I was in the room.
Jennifer smirked at me, spotting a perverted husband. Taking a deep breath before sharing "Well one video shoot was milking an actual pregnant woman while she was having sex, in one of those frames. She was paid some £20k for that 30 minute video. And no, there are no copies that I can show anyone."
Emily didn't take any of that onboard, she was still captivated about the money and the hucow thing "Err, what does the range cover?" I guess that meant that it was on the cards? "For this cow thing?" she inadvertently squeezed her arms into her boobs as she asked.
"Well at the bottom end for this category, for say £1k we'd be talking about some fully naked pictures in a cow like pose. Then add another £1k or so as we strap you, err, her into a milking frame." she was watching Emily closely "Then add another k or so as you get attached to a milking machine, then a bit more if you actually produce milk. Right up to a video of someone having sex with you whilst you're being milked and locked into place." Even Michelle gasped at that. "Of course the collector may want to pay a bonus or make new offers once they've seen the initial pictures."
Michelle took Emily's arm and the two of them walked away out of range. They looked over our way a few times during a short discussion. I was wondering just how far this was all going to go today. We'd started having a coffee, onto sexy clothes, then lunch, making out and being felt up by a black man, then some tame pictures and now this. Surely we weren't about to turn my wife into a Hucow. Surely not already, not this quickly?
What were they talking about over there? Just before they came back my wife shook her head a no. I don't know what was discussed but Michelle was back in control when they got back to us.
"Interesting. So we could start with our hucow here posing with her udders out and see where it goes?" Ooh wow I loved a lot of that sentence, though I'm not sure Emily did.
"Please don't make me do any of this, it's so degrading." Emily pleaded. Where did that come from 'don't make me' we weren't making her do any of this. Everything today was as she'd ok it.
Michelle heard something different and latched onto it "Emily I think you need to do this. I certainly want to see you posing for Mr H. And I expect Chris does too?" Mr H, where'd she get that from? I guess Mr Hucow? "I think you should do this for Chris as it's what he wants."
All three of them looked at me and Emily asked "Chris you don't want to see my being used like a cow do you? Please don't do that to me." I then saw what Michelle had latched onto. It was almost comical. Please don't, but please do.
I took the risk, my heart pounding in my chest "I want you to do this Emily. I want to see you act like a human cow.".
She gasped "Oooo noooo" and bowed her head. Jennifer smirked knowing that this was heading in the right direction.
I added "You know I've always wanted you to share your amazing udders with people. This is it. Do this for me."
Michelle took charge, "Perfect we'll make arrangements. I have your details Jennifer, I'll be in contact." then turning to my ashamed wife "Emily this will be exciting wont it. Chris is so happy.". All three women looked at me, I put on my best smile, which was easy. Emily nodded at me, defeated, but there was again something in her eye. A twinkle, that new look, she was excited even if she didn't want to admit it.
Dressing for Work
Monday morning after our crazy mall weekend and we were following our usual routine. Emily announced that she was doing a sales call with one of the guys this afternoon. This wasn't unusual, but sometimes it meant she'd be thirty minutes later than usual, due to traffic.
Half way through my morning work I received a text from Michelle, 'Encourage her to wear something sexy to work this afternoon. Her meeting is with Terry the perv.' That certainly woke me out of my mundane workday. How do I even approach something like that? I never usually get involved with what she's wearing.
Then the planets aligned via a delivery. It was a load of new underwear for Emily. It was all of the new sexy stuff to replace the old panties I'd thrown out. I'd kinda forgotten about them. I popped the box on our bed for now, and realized that this may have opened a window for me. Emily usually started to get ready for work around noon, to get to work around one. In order that I may have an influence on her attire, I aligned my workload with her's and then around eleven thirty, I went looking for her.
I found her just wrapping something up on her tablet. "Did you see what I popped onto the bed?" I quizzed, leaning against the door.
She looked up and smiled, "Yup, they're very nice. Not much to a lot of them and they must have cost a fortune?"
"Gonna wear something for the meetings today?" I asked. "You know to feel sexy underneath." I didn't let on that I knew she was meeting with Terry today.
"No I don't think so." she replied, while putting the tablet down and standing up, heading upstairs to get ready.
What Michelle said the other day had rung a bell with me, and gave me a bit of confidence to speak up. "Go on do it for me, you know I'd love it if you did." I said, as she stopped halfway up the stairs, turning her head to look back at me, still leaning in the doorway.
"You really want me to wear some sexy underwear to go to work? No one's going to see it, why would I," she asked, and looked at my crotch, and then back to my grinning face. "God are you not getting enough sex or something? We've done it four times in the last few days, that's a record for us.".
I started towards the stairs with a look in my eyes, she saw it and said "Ok ok, no we don't have time for that now though," she laughed and continued up the stairs. I followed close behind.
We laid all the sets of sexy bras and panties out on the bed. They looked amazing. New sets of bras each with two pairs of matching knickers, mostly thongs, some high waist garter belts. I had spent nearly £600 on all of it, purchasing a few white sets, some black sets, a dark blue, a red, and a nude set, which was all lacy. I didn't bother with any push-up nonsense. It looked a little comical actually, as the bras were huge underwire things that dwarfed the tiny panties. I guess they had to be, to hold her boobs in place. I'd ordered a few knickers a bit on the small side, size 10. They were the silk ones, and I imagined them tightly fitting her, and separating her pussy lips. I wasn't really sure if that was possible, or comfortable, but I envisioned them looking great and feeling amazing on her. Most of the knickers were size twelve or fourteen. They covered the entire bed. I was rather pleased with myself at this point.
"I'm going to regret this, but go ahead, pick a set for me to wear today," she offered me.
I excitedly reached for a completely transparent, white set made of a light, sheer material. It included a small sized thong and matching bra. The bra really wouldn't offer much support, but that was the whole point. I handed them to her.
"Jeezzus, really," she said, as she took them from me and simultaneously noticed the tent in my jeans. When she goes on sales calls she always wears a blouse and skirt, the skirt is usually long and she always wears a matching jacket. The jacket never comes off either. "And don't wear the jacket all the time babes. It's a lovely day." I smiled at her.
"I can't do that, I'm going to be with that old perv, Terry," she said with a frown.
I could see her mind working. I could almost feel her worry, I guess she's thinking back to whatever happened that other evening at the bar.
"Aww, you'll be fine. Why don't you give the old dude something to dream about? Give him something nice to look at," I smirked.
She looked slightly worried. "You have no idea what he used to be like though, and after the other night.." she let her thoughts trail off.
I'd swear I could see her breathing increase and then that look in her eyes again. It seemed to me almost say 'please don't make me do this, I enjoyed it too much.' Something like that. I'd capitalise on it.
"For me honey, I'd love knowing you're out there teasing him and looking as sexy as you can." I grinned.
She sighed, "Ok babes, I'll try." and she just looked at me confused.
Sod it, lets go for gold "I love the new you honey." she raised an eyebrow and I quickly continued "Wearing sexy clothes, kissing and being felt up by Nate, those photos." I saw her cheeks blush "Your are an amazing sexy woman and I want to share you with the world." I let that sink in a second as she stood there with the sexy undies in her hand.
She was listening and not telling me off, for a change. It was time to take a risk I sat on the bed infront of her "Let yourself go love, let him see something.". She shook her head a no but didn't say anything so I continued, "Yes, I want you to let him see your amazing body. God I'd be fine with you fucking him really." and I smiled at her as she tutted. "I'm just saying whatever happens, I love you and support it all. And I mean ALL of it." I wasn't 100% sure what that meant really but my horny brain was driving right now.
She shook her head again "But Chris, he's not like ..." she paused and I answered "Nate" she squirmed at his name and nodded.
"Maybe that's part of the extra thrill. Let someone you'd never look at enjoy you." I'd deliberately worded it like that, like she'd be letting him and not just touch but more.
With that she took a deep breath, turned around and walked into the en-suite with the new underwear in her hand. I heard her turn on the shower, and I took that as my queue to let her get ready and so I went back to work.
About thirty minutes later, I heard her on the stairs and I turned around to see her walking down the hallway. She didn't pop in to see me but rather headed to the kitchen. I heard her running the tap for a glass of water. Then I hear her heels clicking as she appeared in front of me, in my office doorway.
"Are you sure about this?" she asked me, standing there.
She looked lovely, subtly sexy without being overtly so. In fact she was not really sexy enough in my opinion. If a stranger dressed like this were to walk past me, I'd notice, but probably not even take a second glance. I smiled and took in her beauty. Black, low, one inch heels. I guess that she had black tights on with a knee-length skirt, not short enough and not tight enough, yet. Her matching jacket showed a white blouse underneath. She wore her usual light makeup and jewellery. She looked beautiful, but not as sexy as I wanted.
"Eh? You look lovely. What's the problem?" I asked her.
"I feel different and" she opened her jacket and I saw the problem. Her boobs looked amazing, and I mean dream-like for me. Her blouse was tight enough that it was pulling across her boobs and was gaping a bit at the buttons. But it was what the bra didn't do that mattered here. The sheer material that it was made of just cupped and shaped her breasts a bit. It did nothing to pull or support them. She looked braless apart from the outline of the bra that had a thick material that easily shone through the blouse. They looked free, heavy, full and fucking amazing. I smiled. They look perfect. Her perfect udders.
"Well shit, I think you look amazing, perfect. You'll certainly have a happy customer in Terry today." I laughed. "One sec." I was having a light bulb moment and ran upstairs, grabbed a higher set of heels and ran back down. She was still in my doorway when I got back. I dropped the shoes at her feet, grabbed her and pulled her in for a deep kiss and a hug. God she felt amazing in my arms.
When we separated, she was more relaxed or possibly turned on a bit. She noticed her higher heels. "Really?" she asked me with a raised eyebrow. She fully knew that even though the heels were only a little higher, they'll give more of a hip sway and thus a boob sway and a nice jiggle with every step. She took a deep breath and stepped into them. She was instantly another inch taller. I gave her another kiss to let her know how much I approved. She accepted it and pushed me away. "I really need to get going. I can't believe I've let you talk me into this." as she buttoned up her safety net.
"I'd love it if you'd leave your jacket behind," I said, grinning. She shook her head and walked off to get her keys. "At least take it off a bit today. Please," I pleaded after her as she walked off. "Love you babes" I called after her.
"Love you too you perv," she called back and added an extra sway to her hips and ass. She got to the door and turned around to smile back at me. "You know, I might start to like this side of me," she said slyly, and she disappeared through the door.
I ran back to my desk, grabbed my phone and quickly texted her. 'God, honey you are so sexy. I love that you're enjoying this a bit. Please keep me updated and you know how I love pics. Make Terry as hard as a rock. Do it for me. x x x.'
I then decided to push her a bit more, as I heard her car pull away. 'Or really make his and my day and let him fill your pussy with his cum. Come home to me with a filled womb and a very satisfied wife. x x x,' I texted.
She didn't reply for a while because she was driving. Then she sent a selfie of her blowing me a kiss, while still in the car, having just gotten to work. Then a message that goes with it, 'In your dreams. And you've clearly never seen him or you wouldn't be saying that. See you later you horny beast.'.
Gail (through Emily's eyes)
Even as I walked to my car, I felt different. Not just my jiggling boobs, but my very core felt alive. I didn't feel like I was going to suddenly start fucking everyone I came across, but more like it felt naughty and scary to think that I could go have sex with someone other than my husband. And yet I began to wonder if I really could go through with it. There was so much running through my head. In all fairness, there always has been, this is nothing new. I'm a bit of an overthinker. My husband Chris just seems to be encouraging me a lot more and I seem to be more responsive to it. Clearly, Michelle's encouragement is helping me as well. No surprise there. She has always been more adventurous than me.
Even as I sat there in the car park at work about to go into the building, I felt more sexual, more like a raw woman. At the same time, I had to remind myself that I'm a mother, and a wife. It's not like I could go in there and expect to fulfil all of my sexual needs. I couldn't just begin taking a strange man's cock, could I? Although from the looks I was getting at the bar the other night I'm quite sure I could get away with it. And then there's Terry. Today will be tricky. He really was quite, well, I don't know how to put it, perverted. At that thought I felt my nipples poking against my bra, seeking attention, aching. I couldn't start the afternoon like this. I needed to calm down.
I had a few minutes before I headed to work. I thought a little catch up might be in order. 'Hey Siri, Facetime Michelle' a few seconds later and she appeared on my screen. Her face larger than life, as usual and her voice loud "Hey slut sister, how are you today? Calling me up to share more bean flicking adventures?" she sniggered.
"Slut sister, hah. Nope, heading into work and thought I'd say hi." I panned my camera around a little so that she could see that I was in the car.
"So have you dressed up a little like the other evening?"
"Errr sort of." I replied and panned the camera out again a little.
"Yer that's a no. Emily you have an amazing figure that people pay money to try to get near and you're still hiding it. That skirt is for grannies and a jacket hiding your baps." she tutted.
"Well they're a bit.." and I fiddled with my jacket showing my blouse underneath.
That caused a giggle "Tee hee, leave the jacket behind." She challenged me.
"You sound just like Chris, that's almost word for word what he said when I left just now."
"Go on then, give everyone a right good show. You know you want too really. If I had tits like yours, I would.".
"What do you mean, if you had tits like mine. You do." I laughed.
"Fuck right off, your mom boobs way bigger than mine and mine don't touch the floor like yours.'' That's only because she crams them into bras too small. "Not that there's anything wrong with yours, honey. Many men love exactly that." after she quickly noticed my screwed up face. "Been reading any more lovely fiction, then?"
Looking down at my puppies I smirk knowing that that is exactly what Chris likes. "Nope not today. That story about the couple in Bangkok was amazing." as I started to recall it. "I can't believe my husband thinks like that ... and I can't believe I now like it."
"Bah we're all sluts deep down inside. Everyone just spends their entire lives hiding it. But not any more, hey Emily?"
"I don't know about that." though the thought.
"Maybe not today, but soon we'll have your snatch dripping with man cum while you're lining up the next one." and she laughed. "Of course all bareback love. Got to keep the hubby happy."
"Ummm gawd" I moaned and worked my thighs together a little hearing my friend share with me her thoughts. This was supposed to calm me down!
"Lose the jacket, roll that skirt up a little and start the afternoon by rubbing one out quickly in the bathroom before you start." and she added "I dare you." glaring at me through the screen.
"You think I'm 12?" and I rolled my eyes. "Right I must run.." and she cut be off
"To the bathroom for that rubbing, good girl." she cackled at that. "Just remember that you only live once, and everyone that matters is encouraging this change."
"Yer yer, cya soon." and I hung up.
Just before I headed in, I did a quick check of my messages and I sniggered at Chris's last text: 'Or really make his and my day and let him fill your pussy with his cum. Come home to me with a filled womb and a very satisfied wife. x x x'.
He'd never cope if I did that, I thought. God, I'd never let Terry do anything like that with me, or anyone here for that matter, but especially Terry. Though right now I was horny, I don't remember the last time I went to work horny. I posed with a kiss and popped a selfie back to Chris, straightened up and headed to my desk before we went out on our sales calls.
I gave the usual pleasantries as I made my way past everyone. I plonked myself at my desk and got stuck into preparing the documents on my tablet for the meetings later. My colleague Gale next to me kept looking over. I could feel her eyes on me. It was only two nights ago that she was there with us, and I was dressed a little differently.
She looked over and getting my attention asked me "Emily is all ok?".
I turned to her with a smile "Afternoon Gale, yup all's great thanks. You look worried, everything ok?"
Without a seconds thought she just blurted out "Emily, we've been friends for years." I'm not sure I'd call us friends as such. She's in her late 50s and is really just some old maid. "I'm worried about the impression you made the other evening.".
"Oh really?" I feigned concern to see what she was on about.
"Women like us need to be careful how we are..." she paused a few seconds, "regarded. We don't want to be seen as slutty or easy." and she tutted.
"I can assure you I'm no slut." I replied to her a little pissed off. God she was the first stranger to imply I was a slut, ever. Why on earth did something inside me just click a little. For some unknown reason I liked it?
"I'm just looking out for you. We're the same Emily. Mums, wifes, women, we need to stick together." ooh gawd that hit a chord with me. But not one that I expected she wanted to hit. She was dowdy and dull, positively one foot in the grave already and here she is comparing me to her. I don't want that, I'm a beautiful, sexy woman. Aren't I? Yer Nate certainly appeared to think so.
God this made me want to grab someone and fuck them right in front of her on her desk. Shove it in her face and show her that we aren't the same. Imagine that, me on my back laying on her desk with a big cock ploughing in and out of me. Gale sitting there watching me cry out in pleasure. My pierced nipples shinning in the light as my tits danced in time to the fucking.
I catch myself in my dream, since when were my nipples ever pierced. God this really is all getting to me. "Thanks for your concern Gale, but I'm ok." then for some reason I added "Maybe there's nothing wrong with a bit of slutting." and I turned back to my desk leaving her dumbfounded and my nipples throbbing again.
Terry time (through Emily's eyes)
I sat in the front passenger seat next to Terry as he drove. Almost all of his words made me cringe. "Pity you haven't got your tits and pins out today. Could make the day a lot more interesting."
"Jeezzus Terry, you can't say things like that any more. It's 2023 for crying out loud, women take offence," I tut at him. I've known Terry for nearly 10 years now. He's in his mid 60s and is an old school lout. However he's technically brilliant and the customers love him. Although, he's one hundred percent useless at paperwork, hence me going with him on these calls. He had a scruffy beard, and an ill fitting suit. He's usually slightly shorter than me in my short heels, so today we're probably about the same. I'm sure he was once a catch. I know he has been married twice before. But now he was on his own. I didn't know the details, apart from plenty of kids and grandkids that he was always talking about.
"You're not going to tell on me, are you Emily?" and he looked across at me with a grin.
"Of course not, I'm not bothered about flirting and chatting like that," I replied. I really wouldn't call it flirting though. God had I just given him permission to carry on, to flirt with me. I really shouldn't have done that, maybe he didn't notice.
"So when you had your tits on display the other night, I am wondering if you only put them on for special dates?" And he laughed at his own joke. "It was lovely to see them the other night. You made it special. You made my year." and his face lit up. That made me feel good, why?
"Thank you, I think. I just don't like to ..." not really sure what I should say. I couldn't say that a friend talked me into it and that it turns my husband on.
"Well you took my breath away. I was hoping it was the new you. I was very excited at what today would hold." and now he looked sad. I don't really know how to reply to that. "Back to normal I guess." he huffed.
Shortly we arrived at our first appointment. He did all the talking, I smiled and took notes. They signed on my screen. Nothing out of the ordinary, apart from a passing comment from Terry to his counterpart about the body I had hid under here. I pretended not to hear but blushed all the same. As I said, nothing unusual.
In the reception room of the next client, Terry caught me by surprise with this bombshell, "Emily, do be a favour. We're seeing Derick in a minute and he's let me down on the last few orders. He's a boob man, lose the jacket, it may help."
Suddenly I felt off guard, and without really thinking, I removed my jacket and draped it over one arm. Then I saw Terrys mouth drop open and his eyes pop out of his head as I remembered what I had on. Oh gawd, I felt my cheeks burning with embarrassment, and at the same time the door opened and Derick appeared to greet us. I remained standing with my jacket draped over my arm, and my tablet in the same hand.
"Derick, I think you've met Emily before?" Terry introduced me and I nodded to him.
I smiled and said "Hi again Derick."
Both of the men's eyes locked onto my boobs. God darn Terry, god darn Chris. I felt like shaking my boobs to wake them out of their trances and to make sure they are both embarrassed.
Terry played a blinder "I know right? I only realised she had a pair like that two days ago."
I was flabbergasted that Terry would say something like that to me in front of a customer. How dare he.
Derrick must have taken that as permission to join in. "God darn Emily, you could feed an army with those."
My mouth dropped, my cheeks blushed. I was floored, yet he continued.
"Fantastic". Terry winked at me and followed up with a "Close your mouth love it looks like you're inviting something that makes us happy.". Jesus they knew no limits, however it was having a weird affect on me, I was liking it.
They both chuckled and Derrick turned quickly and headed through reception. Terry snatched my jacket from my hand, blew me a kiss, put his hand on my back and pushed me after Derrick.
I stumbled forward, following Derrick's brisk pace. My cheeks were glowing red from their words, and as we marched through the busy office I felt everyone looking our way. The clicking of my heels was drawing attention to my every step. I felt my boobs swaying and jiggling with every moment. It was as if I were making them dance for everyone to see. I wanted to run away and hide but I knew I couldn't. I never show off like this, and right now I certainly wouldn't be displaying myself like this if I had a choice. I was fully dressed, however I felt like my boobs were on full display. And if I'm truly honest I could feel the heat in my thighs gathering and I'm sure my nipples would be visible soon. This sheer bra was really not going to help with that problem, that is usually why I carry a jacket. I was sure I could get that back from Terry as soon as we got to our meeting room. Though I may have enjoyed this a little, given the choice I will not be doing it on the way back.
Our walk through the office didn't take long and soon we were in the company boardroom. We all sat down. I looked to Terry to get my jacket back but he didn't have it. I wanted to ask him where it had gone but I couldn't create a scene in front of a customer. Terry and Derrick started chatting about some details over delivery time and supply. I became a little zoned out. I also found myself a bit turned on to be honest, a little outraged, but certainly turned on. I initially sat on the opposite side of the table from both men, but something made them stand up and sit either side of me. Derrick on the right, Terry on my left, with the door to the room behind us. I took notes when I needed and amended the schedules and project plans on my tablet. I became very aware of both men as they leaned across me to point at drawings laid out on the table, their arms kept brushing against me. Each touch sent micro jolts through me, keeping me warm on the inside.
Somehow we got to the end of the detail, Derrick scribbled on the screen, and our work was done. Usually that's it but today they changed focus.
"You should have seen her on Wednesday night. Take a look at this." Terry said, as he passed Derrick his mobile. He deliberately passed it across in front of me so that I could get a glimpse of what he was showing. It's a photo of me from the other night, a picture I've never seen before. My God that can't be me, it looked like a thoroughly different woman. She looked hot and slutty. Her mini skirt was short enough to see the tops of her stockings. One of her boobs was practically popping out of the top because so many buttons had opened or popped off. It looked like that picture was taken when I was mid way through a chat with someone, leaning across the table sideways. I had no idea anyone had taken it. But God darn I looked good.
The phone made its way to Derrik's hand "Jeezzus Terry, I'd love me a bit of that hot slut. Just look at her dressed like a whore and happily showing everything off. You're not telling me this is our demure Emily that's sitting next to us?" He could clearly see my face in the picture so it was a mute question. The way he was talking about me appalled and aroused me at the same time.
Terry chuckled "Yup Derrick it sure is. She turned up to our dinner out of the blue dressed like that. She was lovely, chatty, and happy to let us all ogle her and obliging to our wandering hands."
That was all a lie, especially the last bit. But as if to emphasise the point he rested his hand on top of one of mine, on the table top and held it firmly. Derrick noticed and put his left hand on my thigh just above my knee, just squarely between my leg and the edge of my skirt. If it wasn't for my tights he'd have been touching my bare leg. This, as it was, made me tingle. My right hand held the tablet. I felt like I wanted to put it down and remove Derrick's hand from my leg, or stand up and say something to them both. But I was in shock and realised I was enjoying it. Then I felt Derrick's hand moving just a few centimetres up and down, firmly caressing my leg.
"I see what you mean Terry, she is very obliging," they both smiled at each other and then back at me.
I smiled weakly at them both. I wanted to stand up and say "Enough," but I didn't. When these two old men started to touch me and talk about me, my body felt electrified. It made me feel wanted, sexy, powerful. I realised that. I liked it. "Sit back in the chair Emily." Derrick ordered.
I meekly replied "No" but for some reason did exactly what he asked, I shuffled my butt back a little, he kept his hand on my leg following it back.
Terry laughed "I think he means lean back Emily," and Derrick chuckled, acknowledging his friend.
"Ohh" and feeling like a dumb blond I slid my butt towards the edge of the chair and then I got it. This movement caused my skirt to ride up my thighs.
"A little more Emily," Derrick pushed.
And for some reason I slid a little more. My back was now low on the back of the chair, my head nearly on the top of the backrest. I was really slouching down. My heart was starting to race, I needed to stop this now. "Terry, Derrick, this is wrong. Please stop," I said, as they ignored me.
I felt Derrick's hand on my leg pull it towards him, opening my thighs a little. I resisted, but he pulled harder. "It's ok Emily, you are such a beautiful woman, you want us to do this don't you?"
Then Terry added "You love being treated like the slut that you really are. We can both see it."
I moan quietly "Noo, I'm not a slut. Please stop." Contrary to my words my other leg fell to the side of Terry on its own accord and I felt Derrick pulling, spreading my legs very wide under the table.
Why the hell was I allowing this to happen. What on earth had Chris and Michelle done to my brain. Everything about what was happening was counter to what I'd spent my life trying to avoid. In the back of my mind Chris was watching me, watching and egging me on.
I could have easily stopped this. I just had to sit up or stand up. There were people right outside this door, and even a loud noise would get their attention. But I didn't move, and allowed them to continue. I did want this, even if I didn't want to admit it. Derrick's hand started to slide slowly up and down inside my thigh. He was enjoying the soft feel of my tights. I felt myself getting warmer everywhere, more tingly around my boobs and definitely damper around my pussy.
"It's a pity you don't have stockings on Emily. You will wear those next time you come here. Yes?" A carefully worded sentence and question from Derrick.
I don't know why but I answered "Yes Derrick I will.".
He was as surprised at my reply as I was, his eyes opening wide "Good girl." he replied. Terry moved to my left, the hand he had a grasp of moved to the edge of the desk bending my arm. I couldn't work out what he was doing until he very slowly moved forward, and planted a kiss on one of my boobs. He had moved my arm out of the way.
"Good girl Emily, amazing." he told me then planted another kiss, this time directly on my nipple which he could clearly see and feel.
I couldn't help myself "Oohhh" I moaned quietly and wriggled my body at his intimate touch. They both sniggered and smiled. I felt the intensity even through my blouse and bra. Holy shit what was going on.
Derrick swapped hands as he turned to face me directly. His right hand was caressing my right thigh, slowly moving higher to my more sensitive parts. He rested his left hand on the back of my chair and leaned in toward my boobs similar to what Terry just did.
Just before he got there, he said "My goodness Emily your tits are huge," as he planted four kisses all over my blouse before getting to my nipple, and then used his lips to squeeze it and pushed his tongue against it. "So soft and big," he continued.
Then they were both on my tits at the same time. One old man's lips wrapped around each of my throbbing nipples. They were sucking on my nipples through two layers but I could feel everything. I moaned a little louder "ummmmhh." I couldn't help it and my legs spread fully open with my skirt bunched around my thighs. Without even realising I dropped the tablet on the desk, freed my left hand from Terry, and put both my hands on the backs of their heads. It was as if I were nursing twins, simultaneously. The feeling was so intense and so wrong, so very wrong. I realised that I was going to have damp patches on my blouse if I was not careful, but that was only a fleeting thought, the feelings were too great as I cradled their heads lightly.
Terry lightly bit my nipple and Derrick pushed his head up and looked into my eyes. "I need to see them in their natural beauty. You need to get them out right now."
That request woke me up from my sexual stupor a bit. It also alerted Terry somewhat as his head popped up. I expected him to be with Derrick on this one but he surprised me. "Derrick she can't just flop her tits out here in the office. Although I would love her to." Terry smiled at me, my saviour. He rested a hand on my inner thigh very high up, only a few fingers away from my panties and pussy.
Derrick moved both hands to my right breast and cupped it, massaging, groping and feeling it up. "I've never had the opportunity to have access to such a huge pair of boobs before," he said as he pushed my tit up towards my face, hefting it "So heavy and full." he mumbled at them. "All natural I guess?".
I nodded to him with a "Yes".
With both hands not quite covering one boob. I realized that I've been placid this whole time, an active but silent tool for them both to use. I couldn't help myself, these two old men had done something to me. All of this sexual energy the last few days had done something to me. I love that they both worshipped me. Derrick was still feeling me up and I looked back and forth between the both of them. Why was I sitting, well nearly laying here in this position? Why was I letting this happen? Why was I almost encouraging it? Why was I suddenly ok with exposing myself like this? What was wrong with me?
I knew what it was. Years of societal repression built up in me. My teenage years of 'You can't go out like that.', then my adult years of 'dressing appropriately'. However, this felt right. Like Michelle said earlier, if Chris was happy and I was happy with it, why not. Right now I was the centre of their attention, I was their dream woman. I was turned on and liking it. A lot.
I rested one hand over his hands to pause him. He looked sad and maybe a little cross as he pulled his hands away. Oh gawd what has gotten into me, I thought. I couldn't believe I was about to do this. I used both hands shakily to start to unbutton my blouse. I was about to, as Terry said 'flop your tits out'. Terry tried to save me again as my buttons started to pop one by one. "Emily, are you sure, you don't have to do this," as his eyes looked up at the door behind me as if to remind me that we were in a busy office.
Derrick snapped in quickly, "Shutup Terry, let the slut get her tits out for us. Clearly, she wants to," he said, almost drooling at me. Him calling me a slut drove me on. I wanted to be his slut. I was clearly getting carried away in this moment, I kept thinking that this is what Chris wants.
Within a few seconds most of my buttons were undone, my blouse was open a little, my cleavage and the center of my bra clearly on display. But that was not enough. Like a wildman Derrick quickly reached to each side of my blouse and pulled it apart. My bra and boobs were on full display, with my blouse framing them. And in this sheer bra you could see everything. I just sat and slouched back, with my legs spread wide under the desk. I felt completely exposed.
Derrick was spurred on, "My god man look at them." and his hands are quickly on them both. One hand on each barely covering the areola and moving the whole boob around. "And see-through underwear, what a slutty thing to wear."
Chris's fault there. "Do the panties match? Why don't you check Terry? '' he ordered. Derrick was becoming a man possessed. Terry wasn't sure and was clearly mesmerised by what was going on. But he pushed me on my rolling chair back a little from under the desk. He looked down at my crotch but could only see my dark tights. He looked at me sitting there, my tits being played with, Derrick was now wrestling one of them out of its bra cup.
Terry looked me up and down "You are a slut aren't you?" he said, and grinned an evil grin. He was challenging me. "Are you really letting us do this?".
Again I could have stopped this easily. This isn't me, this isn't who I am. I'm a mother and a wife, I thought. But something has started to change, I smirked at Terry, challenging back with a thought of 'You can't see my knickers though, ha ha.'
I guess he accepted my challenge as Derrick lifted my second boob out of my bra. Terry leaned forward and completely caught me by surprise by reaching down to both of my hips. He grabbed the top of my tights and started to yank them down my hips. I nearly got pulled clean off the chair as he did, so I had to push my legs together and lift myself slightly to keep from falling, and yes, to help him remove my tights. Well it was either that or the chair would shoot backwards against the door. And before I knew it, I would be lying on the floor.
Derrick stopped attacking my boobs for a second when he saw what Terry was doing. "And Terry she's married and has had a kid? She must certainly have breastfed.". I liked that he was directing this to Terry, as it was making me feel more like an object. A sexual object that they were both clearly enjoying. For some reason I wanted this.
Terry snorts "Yup married as far as I know. She's clearly playing away from home now though.".
My tights were down at my ankles where I thought they were staying. My legs were together and I suddenly felt a shoe being removed and before I knew it, my tights were on the table in front of me and both my heels were back on.
"Now spread 'em," Terry challenged me, with roughness in his voice, it was almost a whisper.
At this I pause, things really were a bit further than I would have imagined, a lot further. This was crazy actually. I felt like I was coming to my senses. Terry stood still slightly to my left near my knees and Derrick sat back in his chair. My tits were both out, over my bra that was still done up. My blouse was separated to show them off. My skirt was up above my bottom on my hips. My panties were clearly visible but my legs were closed. Can I really open them up and show them my pussy? My matching sheer panties will show everything. And I expected that they were wet from my arousal and would be even more see through. This was a pivotal moment in my life. Do I display myself for them fully, or does this end right here. I was starting to sober up from my sexual haze due to this pause. I think they both recognised it, and obviously wanted me to continue.
Derrick said breathily, "Open your legs for us Emily. Spread them for us." He leaned forward and trapped my closest nipple in his lips. He then mumbled through a full mouth "Just look at yourself, you've only been here for twenty minutes and we have your tits out. You want this." Then he took as much of my boob into his mouth as he could, and sucked hard. I wondered what he meant by, 'this'; what are they expecting? However, this attack on my boob started my engine again.
Terry joined in "What would your hubby say if he could see you now? You dirty slut."
"Ummm" I moaned and closed my eyes.
"Oh you like that idea do you?" Terry picked up on my body language. I heard him take a step back and I opened my eyes to look at him. He was fishing something out of his pocket, I brought my left hand to my left boob and started to massage it whilst Derrick feasted noisily on the other one.
Terry, had taken his mobile out of his pocket and I guess is about to take a picture from how he's holding it. I freeze, this is too far, isn't it. "Let's take a picture for hubby of what his wife does at work." Somewhere inside me a devil wakes up, I slant my eyes looking directly at Terry. It's as if something else takes over my body. I pull my boob up to my mouth and put a nipple into my own lips and slowly spread my legs wide. And I mean really wide. My body is striking a pose for him.
"My God Emily" Terry smiled as he frantically did something with his phone.
Derrick paused for a second and looked at me sucking my own nipple, we made eye contact. He looked like he was going to have a heart attack. I smirked my sexiest smirk I could to him through a mouth full of nipple and moved my right hand to my knickers. Slowly I began to rub a little around my clit. Somehow I was performing for them. Part of my brain had alarm bells going off telling me to stop. But a raw part of me, something primal was trying to seduce them both. Clearly though, I had already begun seducing them, but I still wanted their approval.
Derrick stood up and took a step back "My god Emily, you are a goddess. Terry, tell me you're capturing this?"
His words spur me on "Ummmm," I'm a goddess, I thought.
"4k video bud" he replied, "for her husband of course" they both laughed.
They were recording me wanking myself. Oh gawd this was bad. It only spurred me on though. I closed my eyes and wriggled in the chair, sucking harder on my nipple, my fingers were dancing around clit over my wet knickers.
Derrick said, "Look at us you slutty mummy." I opened my eyes "Are you going to cum for us?"
I moaned and said "ummm" through my nipple sucking. This is really starting to feel amazing. I can even hear my juicy pussy sounds.
"Got I need to fuck you." Derrick declared.
Terry agreed "Would you let us old men fuck your juicy pussy Emily?"
Oh god imagine that, I thought.
"Would you like us to take turns putting our dicks in your married cunt? I could make you feel so good," Derrick asked as he started to reach into his trousers, clearly getting ready to get it out.
Derrick calling my pussy a cunt really got to me. "Ummmmhhh" I moaned really quite loudly. My hips started to move with my fingers. I could only imagine how open my pussy was and how puffy my wet lips looked through this sheer thong. Moaning again, my lips lost their grip on my boob and it popped free, cascading down my chest to its natural position.
Derrick then knelt down in front of me between my legs. His hand still inside his trousers, no doubt on his cock. He was still a good few feet away from me but staring straight at my pussy that I was working for him. He didn't say anything, he was mesmerised like he'd never seen a pussy before. God this felt so good, my fingers were working magic on myself. I was really getting off on exhibiting myself for them. I loved it.
God I'm getting close as Terry added "I'd give anything to blow my load inside your cunt Emily."
That's it "uummmmmmggggggg" I moaned loudly and continuously as I came. My hips and back were twitching.
"She's cumming," one of them says in awe.
My fingers danced and strummed my clit. My eyes rolled to the back of my head. The thought of them capturing me in my most intimate moment was definitely adding to it. I nearly fell off the chair as I came through my orgasm with my body writhing. It was fast and hard.
Breathing heavily, I refocused on them both. Trying to get my breath back. My fingers were wet from my panties, my juice had soaked them. I was still horny, wanting more. Not sure what that means though. Both of them were looking at me intently. I found my voice for the first time, "Did you both enjoy that?" I asked.
I sat up a bit in the office chair making my boobs sway and hang down naturally. At that point I could really smell my pussy.
"You Emily are ... I need to fuck you now," said Derrick.
Terry pulled his camera down. "God I want to as well, but we need to be careful, Derrick," he said and pointed to the door.
It was still closed but I suddenly remembered that we're in an office. A customer's office and there have to be at least thirty people on the other side of the door. This room was going to smell of pussy. And obviously my pussy as I'm the only woman here. Suddenly, what I had just done came rushing back to me, and add to that the fact that he'd caught it on video. I was even more turned on but equally worried at the same time.
"God darn Terry." Derrick sighed, "Emily you need cock don't you?"
It felt like a genuine question. One that I almost answered, it would have been a yes.
Terry again stepped in "Emily we have another customer to visit, get yourself in order love," and he smiled at me. I stood on wobbly legs, feeling so exposed. My heavy boobs not in a bra always made me sway forward.
Derrick gasped "My God," As I reached forward for my tights.
"Don't worry about them" said Terry as he handed them to Derrick. It felt daft to ask for them after what I had just shown them.
I smoothed down my skirt and began to sort out my boobs when Terry said "Hang on a sec."
He picked his phone up again, "For her hubby," he said.
I was guessing he wanted more pics of me. I felt so desired, so wanton, so not "me." I put a hand on my hip and struck a pose for them. I koew I don't have pert boobs, I haven't for years. Chris is always going on about my heavy hangers and how much he loves them. Their full weight and how low they hang. He's even measured that over the years. I always thought that was just the perv in him. But I was loving the attention that these two were giving me. Maybe Chris was right and a huge pair of naturally huge hanging boobs is sexy to some people.
A few poses later and I hoisted each boob back in place, feeling the strain moving from my back to my shoulders as the bra tried to do its job. I buttoned my blouse back up as Derrick and Terry discussed something whilst watching me dress. Terry passed me the company tablet and a few seconds later we were marching through the office again. This time I was standing tall, with my chest thrust out, letting them jiggle, imagining that they all heard me and knew what I had done in there. They didn't know exactly what I had done but they knew something had happened. I held my head high and let my hips sway. I couldn't get over the feeling of how wet my pussy still was, every step reminding me.
I noticed Terry picking up my jacket on the way through. Quickly we said our goodbyes to Derrick and he added at the end, "Emily it was a pleasure, obviously I will see you next week. In stockings and a mini skirt as promised.".
I had not promised that at all, but to keep the peace, and because I was still very turned on, I replied "Of course Derrick," and I gave him a kiss on the cheek.
Travel (through Emily's eyes)
As we travelled to the next appointment, I started to cool down and wondered what came over me. I had not been allowed my jacket back. It was on the seat behind me. The seat belt cut between my boobs, separating them and somehow enhancing them.
Clearly Terry loved it "Emily that was better than a dream. In fact, better than any porn I've ever seen."
"Thank you, I think. God I shouldn't have done any of that," I said, starting to feel bad.
"No no, don't start any of that crap love. You let yourself go and you loved it." I couldn't argue. "You really liked the idea of your hubby seeing you like that, didn't you?"
"Yes," I meekly answered. There was no point in lying since he had photographic evidence.
"Do you really want me to send him that video?" Terry asked.
Ok so here's a question and half. How do I deal with that video? It could be so damaging to me. To our family. Oh gawd what have I done? I looked over at him as he was driving. I was like he could hear the concern in my voice "That video shouldn't exist that could cause.." he cut me off.
"Don't worry about that Emily, I'm not about to ruin our little secret." I believed him. He's been a sincere guy while I've known him. "Thank you," I replied.
"So you want him to see it? What's his name by the way?"
"Chris, and yes please. We don't have secrets," I said.
"Interesting," he replied. "I'll sort that out later then," and he nodded, taking a mental note. "Your boobs.." he corrected himself, smiling, "tits, they're amazing. Perfect in every way." he glanced at me again.
"Sit with your legs apart until we get there," Terry demands.
I'm not a sex crazed woman and I'm not in a sexual haze like before, so I don't move.
"Emily, I said to get your legs spread right now," he said sternly in a much deeper growl, an order. This felt different to me, and as if it was a hypnosis trigger word, I opened my legs. My skirt pulled tight and I couldn't open them any more. He noticed this.
"Spread them as wide as the car will let you, do it now. Wide open for me." Oh god, I loved his commanding tone.
I lifted my ass slightly and opened them until my left knee was on the door and the right was almost touching the gear selector. My skirt bunched up exposing my thighs. I could feel the air from the car on my wet knickers making them feel cold.
"Good girl, now stay like that," and he focused on the road. "How big are those boobs of yours anyway?"
I smirked "What an inappropriate question to ask a woman Terry. I surely cannot answer."
"You're correct, I wouldn't ask a woman such a thing. So Slut, how big are those hooters of yours?" I was about to answer when he added "And don't go telling me that you're not a slut. You've just wanked yourself off in front of me, and look at how you're sitting."
"A 36HH or 36J, depends, thank you." I informed him.
"Fuck I didn't know they got that big, hah." he reached out and put a hand on my thigh, between my knee and my pussy. He continued to drive steadily. We'll be there in no time. "I much prefer you without tights on," he said. I'm not really surprised to hear that though.
"Now stockings on the other hand ... if you want to keep warm. Yes, I think you should consider never wearing tights again Emily."
It was weird to hear him being nice one moment, asking me a question and another moment demanding me to do something. I guess this was new to us both. I looked over and appraised him a little while feeling his rough hand starting to move up and down a little on my inner thigh, causing tingles everywhere.
His belly was very big, I don't know how else to describe it. It sat on his legs as he was driving, almost touching the steering wheel. I had no clue about his cock as I couldn't see anywhere near it. Then I caught myself. Why would I be looking for his cock? Geezzz get a grip, I thought. Normally you'd never look twice at Terry..
"You really have made my day today Emily. Thank you." I felt sorry for him and was delighted that could help out. He was clearly a nice man at heart. "I would love to take you out for dinner one day or to a show. Do you think Chris would mind that?" He remembered Chris' name, which surprised me.
I smiled at him, fully aware that his hand could be a lot closer to my pussy if he wanted. He was almost being a gentleman "I think that could be arranged." I found myself answering. Though I wasn't sure why or how. I felt his hand clutch me a little, as if he were getting excited at the possibility.
"Text him now and check if it's good," he tells me. "Tell me what you're writing to him."
Oh gawd, I grabbed my phone and thought a second before typing. 'Hey Chris, all ok there? All going ok here. Is it ok if I go out with one of the guys here at some point?' I read Terry the message before I sent it.
"Nope, be more specific. Tell him I want to take you on a date and tell him my name," he said.
So I retyped, 'Hey Chris, all ok there? It's going ok here. Terry wants to take me on a date, is that ok with you?' and then I read it out to Terry. He approved and I hit the send button after a few seconds of hovering over it.
"Has he replied yet?"
"Jeezzs Terry, I've literally just sent it half a second ago." Suddenly my phone binged, as Chris replied.
"Hah now he has, what's his reply?" Terry asked.
I took a quick breath reading Chris's reply, "He said, yup no problem."
"No, what exactly did he say? Read it all to me Emily and stop messing around, we're going to be there soon."
Oh gawd this is going to open a can of worms, I thought. I could lie but I have a feeling that'll all go wrong somehow, I took a breath and read it out "Chris has written, Hey babes, of course he can. You sucked him off or fucked his brains out yet?" The car swerved as Terry had a heart attack, or at least a micro one.
"Geezus, read that again," he said. I did but this time slower for effect "Hey babes, of course he can. You sucked him off or fucked his brains out yet?".
"So he's expecting me to have fucked you. I don't understand." he paused a second, I have no idea how to explain any of this. I don't really understand it either. He grinned. "I'll tell you what. Tell him this. That'll happen when Terry takes me to his cottage this weekend."
"What?" I was shocked. Terry's hand gripped my thigh tightly and his hand slid far up to my pussy, his little finger made contact with my knickers.
"Send it now," is all he said.
I have hundreds of questions, but with shaky hands I typed and sent it as we pulled into the carpark of our final customer of the day.
Terry removed his hand from my thigh, and turned to me "It'll be fun, now grab your jacket from the back and let's go do this. Leave your phone here."
He leapt out of the car and waited for me to get myself organised and presentable. I heard my phone bing with messages but I wasn't able to read them. That was driving me insane.
I was however pleased he let me use my jacket, I wasn't sure I could cope with any more of this rollercoaster of emotions today. However as we walked across the car park he shared, "A few of my mates and I own a nice cottage down in Cornwall. We all meet up for long weekends there once every few months. Just men together having fun. We've got one coming up this weekend" he pauses, "or soon. It'll be lovely to have a sexy woman join the lads, they'll be over the moon."
Oh my gawd, that sounded like a nightmare. How on earth did I get to this point? And what will this lead to? Surely Chris wouldn't want this. If they are Terry's age, it would mean a room of sixty year olds. Ohhh gawd. However, I began to picture myself servicing all of those men.... lucky for my poor nerves it was customer time as we entered the building.
Drive back and hi Clive (through Emily's eyes)
That visit was positively church-like compared to the previous one. We were in and out in thirty minutes, with everything taken care of. Nobody paid me any attention during the visit and we headed back to the office. I did however wonder if one of the women frowned at me. Was it my bare legs, or could she smell a familiar smell of sex on me? I didn't like the look she gave me, it brought me back down to earth with a bit of a bang.
When we got back to the car I quickly started to check out the texts that had been waiting for me. As before Terry made me read them out. They were all from Chris.
'Cottage this weekend, oooh that sounds interesting. I wonder what he has planned for you?'
'What does Terry look like, are you excited?'
'Ask him about it and his plans.'
'You there babes?'
He chuckled, "Tell you what." and he made a call via his car bluetooth microphone as we travelled "Yo Clive, everything good with you?" And then a few pleasantries. They were clearly very good mates. "I have a surprise for you at our next bash."
"Ohh what exotic beer will you be bringing this time?" Clive sounded half interested.
"Oh much better than that. What do you love most in the world?" Terry asked.
"Boobs my man, boooooobs" he sang back as Terry looked over at me and smiled. He mouthed "spread em" to me. I signed quietly and did so, taking up the same position as before.
"Well, I'll be bringing a lovely filly with me, I thought that you more than anyone else would appreciate it," Terry stated.
"Hah oh really?" clearly not believing him.
"Say hello Emily" he said, catching me by surprise. Oh gawd what's coming next? I thought.
"Hello" I meekly answered.
"Sneaky Terry. I didn't know someone else was there. Well hello there Emily." Terry took my right hand and placed it between my legs, he pushed it against my knickers and let go. I could feel both sides of my now damp knickers. Clive continued as I moved my hand back to my leg, in slight defiance. "So you'll be joining us will you?"
"Terry has asked me to come." I quickly replied as Terry grabbed my hand again and put it back next to my pussy. This time he pushed it a bit more against me and let go.
"Well her husband has said she should join us. So she'll be there."
"Oh you're married?" Clive asked, sounding a bit pissed off at this game.
Terry quickly jumped in to wake everyone back up, "I think it's one of those open marriages. Emily, is it an open marriage?"
"Errr no" I quickly answered truthfully.
Terry chuckled, "I'm not so sure about that. Emily read Clive the text he sent you just before, that first one, you know the one."
I blushed and glared at Terry, using my left hand I scrolled up on my phone. He nodded a 'go on then' and his hand again reached for my right hand and pushed it clumsily against my kickers.
I read it out "Or really make his and my day and let him fill your pussy with his cum. Come home to me with a filled womb and a very satisfied wife.".
Clive was taken back "Well Jesus that sounds like you're both taking the piss here. Come on Terry stop messing around.".
I was guessing this wasn't going to Terry's plan, "You'll see Clive, she's a knockout and will be with me. And when I say a knock out I mean a knockout."
Clive decided to play along "You knockout love?"
I didn't know how to answer, "Apparently so."
I caught Terry rolling his eyes, "Tell him about your tits Emily, he'd like to hear about them."
I gulped hard and looked at Terry pleading. He updated Clive "You should see the look on her face right now, like a deer in the headlights but with her headlights on," he laughed at the joke as he glanced at my nipples. That look made me tingle and I felt the start of my excitement coming back. "If you won't I will," and he let that dangle for a few seconds. I heard Clive breathing heavily down the phone.
"I have a pair of fairly large boobs." I resigned myself to answer.
"Ohh that sounds interesting Emily. How big?"
What is it with people wanting to know my bra size all of a sudden? It's an intimate detail, that I appear to like to share, "36HH, so fairly big."
"Ummm well I'm a bit of a boob connoisseur so I know that size rather well. Are you really sporting a pair that big Love?"
"Yes Clive I sure am." I proudly explained. I let my finger rub my pussy lips a little as this conversation continued.
"Augmented?" he asked me.
"Nope, one hundred percent me," I replied.
"Oh so you're a big girl?" he asked me.
Terry chirped in "Bro, she's no lump at all. These boobs really stand out. What's your dress size Emily?"
I realized that Clive was trying to picture me, "I'm a size ten to twelve dress size, so no big belly for my tits to sit on. I certainly do have wide hips to go with them but I don't think I'm particularly fat." hark at me, is this top trumps?
Clive sucked in a deep breath "Geez Emily, so you're a nice size 12 with a huge rack. I bet you look like a treat. Fantastic, ok, I'm hooked and need to meet you. I hope you're not some shy retiring type?"
Terry answered that for me "Ohh no Clive, once she gets warmed up you'll see." I blushed at that, hoping that Terry didn't share what happened just an hour ago. Though the thought of it did excite me and I opened my mouth a little and sighed quietly and started my fingers circling my pussy lips through my knickers. Terry appeared to pick up on my change "She's sitting here in my car with her legs wide open and her fingers are busy. Isn't that right Emily?"
I closed my eyes, "Ummmhumm" is all I could reply with.
"Oh Emily, you sound like you're enjoying this. You like talking to some horny older men while you strum your clit?" Clive dove straight in and I decided that yup my clit did need some attention and popped my fingers inside my knickers and started to work on it.
"Yes Clive I do, ummm"
"God Terry where'd you find this woman and how on earth is she latched onto you? Emily should I stroke my cock along with you."
Then instantly I was picturing a strange old man on the phone sex line. Though somehow I was the sex worker on the other end of the phone. That excited me, thinking of him stroking his cock.
"Ummm yes Clive, go on get your cock out for me. Make it harrrrd."
I heard Terry adjusting himself in his seat, clearly another cock on the rise for me. I lowered my fingers near my pussy hole to get some juices to work on my clit. It felt so much better when wet and slippery. Quickly feeling a flood seeping out of me for the second time in a few hours, I spread it around and brought some up to my button. "Ummm" I moaned loudly.
"Emily, I have my cock out for you and it is already hard. I used to be a bit of a player in my time and know how to use it. I bet I could make you squeal," Clive said breathy.
"Ummm I bet you could too Clive. Do you have a big cock?" I couldn't believe I was asking him that. In my mind's eye it's a big one.
"Well Emily, it's about average in length but it is a rather fat, thick cock. So it certainly stretches a pussy well enough. All the cunts I've shoved it into have been very happy."
I began to picture a very thick cock that his hand really wouldn't get around. I pictured him lining it up to my neat little pussy about to attack it. My fingers started to really dance on my clit. It began feeling really good and I panted, "Ummmgg" and clearly heard my fingers slick with my juices.
Terry interrupted "I'm sorry you two love birds but we need to cut this short as much as I don't want to."
I opened my eyes to see that we were around the corner from work. I wanted to cum, I needed to cum but Terry was right, we were a bit close to work and I needed to get myself in order. Frustrated, I sat up and started to re-adjust my knickers and skirt. Quickly licking my juicy fingers.
"Clive, she just licked her fingers for you," Terry said, excitedly.
"Ohhh Goddd Emily you.. uuggghhhh" and the phone died. It was either a bad signal, he dropped it or hung up. I pictured him dropping it as cum shot out of his fat little cock.
"Sounds like you made another old man very happy Emily," and Terry smiled as he pulled into his parking space. "Sorry we stopped a little early." Clearly he could tell I was rather worked up. "I've so enjoyed our trip out today I wish it didn't need to come to an end. But I have the video for later." and he grinned at me. I blushed thinking about that, and what I had done earlier. Still unable to believe that I really did that, maybe I didn't and it was all some weird dream.
"You want to do one more thing for me?" he asked.
Still very turned on "I think I might." and I smiled at him sexily.
"I want either your bra or panties before we finish work today. Ideally as soon as possible as I want to get home early, my balls are aching."
Really he wanted me to give him my bra or my knickers. Oh God could I really do that? In my extremely turned on mind right now. Of course I could. I started to lift my ass off the chair.
"God no, not in the car park." he laughed "Jeezzus Emily." He popped out of the car and grabbed both our bags quickly heading to the office. Leaving me wondering and why the hell had he taken my bag?
I hopped out of the car and scooted along after him, thankful for my jacket. I didn't manage to catch him as he vanished off towards his office. I quickly headed to the ladies room and popped into a cubicle. In my mind, my knickers were the easiest thing for him but my god they were soaking. A mischievous thought popped into my head to give him my bra. He did seem rather taken with my boobs and I bet he's never had a bra this big in his hands before. It does mean I'll be braless for the last hour of the day. I had never done anything like that before, it excited me a lot. Thank God I have my jacket or I could really never do this. Dare I do either of them.
Then Michelle popped into my head. What would she do, or more the point, what would she tell me to do right now? I smirked, she often talked about our hooters and that it was our duty to use them more. Smiling at that thought I started to disrobe to get it off. When I was standing there in my heels, knickers and skirt, I heard the door open and another woman entered the bathroom, moved into a stall next to me and began peeing. So there I was at work, in a stall with my tits out and no tights on. I was hardly dressed at all. God if anyone could see me now. I quickly popped my blouse and jacket back on. I then realised a problem, where do I put my bra? I didn't have any pockets. Oh, that's why he took my bag, I thought.
Oh God I'll just have to move fast. I unlocked my door and quickly popped over to the sinks to make sure I was presentable. I put my bra on the worktop and tried to move fast. Of course the other stall door opened and another woman walked forward to the sink next to me. I didn't know her name but I did recognise her. She smiled and acknowledged me with an "Afternoon" as she washed her hands, splashing some water.
I smiled back and we both quickly noticed that she's splashed water on my bra, sitting between us on the countertop. She looked at me in the mirror and raised an eyebrow. My heart just about popped out of my chest. I quickly snatched it up from the top, blushed profusely and skipped out of the room trying not to make eye contact.
Oh God that was close. In fact it was beyond close as she caught me. Who was she and what must just think was going on? I then realised that I was going to have to walk to Terry's office with my bra in my hand. I was tempted to go back into the bathroom and chicken out of all of this. But she was still in there, I couldn't face her, and there was the excitement of this building inside me. If I had one of those pulse trackers on I expect it would say my heart rate was in the risk zone.
So I marched towards Terry's office. The movement of my boobs was staggeringly different without the bra. Even one like the bra that was in my hand. A small part of me wanted to let it all dangle at my side, open for everyone to see as I walked through the offices. But I couldn't quite bring myself to do that ... yet. So I was scrunched up in my hand as best I could with an underwired bra of this size. That was to say if anyone cared to look they'd have known exactly what it was. I felt my hips and boobs swaying with every step, almost like I was strutting. I felt powerful, scared, and excited.
As I neared Terry's office I noticed that he had someone in with him and the door was open. How am I going to deal with this? I could have turned around and headed back the way I came, I could have loitered somewhere else for a bit, I could have gotten some paper from a printer, I could have hidden it, or I could have just run to my car and got out of there. But this new me kicked into gear, and I was liking where these risks were taking me, as I remember wanking off in front of him just a few hours ago.
With that picture in my mind I walked straight into his office. "Afternoon both" I interrupted quickly nodding to the other person. I dropped the bra smack back in the middle of his desk and stood there for a few seconds to let them both take it in. The way it landed, it opened up a bit so it's very obvious. I smiled, making sure I made eye contact with both of them. I turned and left. Oohh that felt good. That felt naughty. I wonder how he's going to explain that to the other bloke. HAH.
Who is this new me?