Shit! Shitty fuck fuck! I'd known that I was going to be having anal with David sooner or later unless I found a way out of this blackmailer's grasp. The important bit there was 'later' as that was what I'd fervently been hoping. I wasn't free to say no to him, and yet I desperately wanted to. Needed to.
I'd had things up my bum before. Thick marker pens and my hairbrush handle were both visible in front of me as I sat and thought. They had basically sat in place while I did other things with my body, naughty things. I liked the feel of them in there as an added extra, but it wasn't about them. A cock would seem to be much wider, and longer, though, and having a guy thrusting away would make a heck of a difference.
With a guy controlling the speed and rhythm, I'd be at his mercy, and I didn't like the idea of that, although this seemed a nice enough bloke. Getting the deed done with David didn't seem that difficult to accomplish, so failure didn't seem likely. However, cleaning him with my mouth was going to be gross. I didn't like the idea of sucking cock, but after Connor last night I couldn't exactly complain about that part -- but the poo element... no thanks!
"I need to know that there's an end to this. That you'll give me my phone and the videos back eventually, then prove that you've deleted everything. Otherwise, I'd be a fool to continue to give you more material against me. To keep humiliating myself for your pleasure" I was a bit late saying this as I had given him much more than the initial videos. Better late than never though, as someone once said.
'You like almost being caught -- the possible threat of exposure -- while keeping just this side of safe. I'm now going to control that. You will keep filming this sort of close encounter in the same way that you have been doing. However, you will then either send through the footage for my collection, or I'll take it directly from your computer.'
Now that was interesting, although not just for what was written. Previously I'd seen him typing, and the occasional errors that he'd gone back and fixed as he went along. He'd even gone back and added in missing commas and the like. I'd have done the same. This time, however, he had clearly cut and pasted a pre-written paragraph. I wondered if he realised that I could see this happening. I couldn't see any advantage in knowing this but would file it away in my head, just in case. And then he did the same again.
'You like things to be on the edge of control. I'm going to take you over that edge by taking charge of these little adventures. You will not be generally exposed, unless by accident, but there will be a much higher chance of that happening than previously. You've been slowly increasing your risk levels over a period of time. We will increase that rate, and at the same time you will be totally exposed to me.'
"Look," I said in reply, once the creepy voice had finished reading aloud. "I understand what you are saying, but I'm not sure that you are hearing me. I have no incentive to keep doing this if the hole I'm digging in my life is just getting deeper and deeper. I'm switching metaphors here but, unless I can see light at the end of the tunnel, no matter the things you want me to do before reaching it, then I'll not play along. I might as well just face the music right now and have my life destroyed before the continued humiliation and pain of whatever is giving you joy here!"
He didn't type a reply this time but opened another window on the screen, this one showing another pre-written email. This one seemed to have the now-standard 50 recipients -- the first two of which on the list were my parents, followed by my sister. More family and close friends filled in the rest of the spaces. He'd not chosen this at random.
In the subject line was the name of a video I'd taken. "Strictly Cum Dancing" was intended to be a pun on the TV show "Strictly Come Dancing" as well as being an instant reminder of when and where I'd taken this. My mouth was suddenly dry as I was hit by fear. The idea of what looked like pretty much all of my relatives, of all ages, getting this, along with my closest friends, was just bloody horrible.
****
As a family, we loved watching a dance show on the TV called Strictly Come Dancing. It was a knockout sort of a competition thing where the worst contestants were kicked off the show each week. While I say that we 'all' loved it I think my dad tolerated it for the sake of the three women in the household. He was pretty good like that on the whole. We'd leave him to the football, and he'd sometimes leave us to our soppiness. Strictly, he stuck with though.
On this occasion, the show was about to begin and Helen, my sister -- well, step-sister really, although we never thought of us as two families that had come together as it had happened when we were both about three years old and so was far, far, in the distant past -- had just called upstairs to tell me to get my butt in gear or I'd miss the start.
I told them to just start without me and not to bother pausing it or anything, as I was just finishing something and didn't want to keep them all waiting. In a sense, that was perfectly true. I was just finishing stripping off and laying my clothing out so that I could get it back on as quickly as possible when the time came for that part of my evening.
My recordings of nudity and masturbation and the like had gone a little stale. Samey. Most of them were in outdoor settings and were starting to get repetitive. Even the indoor ones were much too similar to the ones before and, frankly, they were not doing it for me in the same way anymore when I watched them back. It was time to step it up a notch and do something much riskier.
The door closing in the living room was my signal to leap into action. I knew that the three of them would be pretty much glued to their seats for the next hour. The loo had been visited, fresh drinks had already been poured, snacks chosen, phones put aside, and now all attention focused on the TV. Just what I needed to be able to do something stupid and have a fair chance of getting away with it.
Although my sister and I saw each other nude, or near enough, from time to time, my parents wouldn't have seen me that way for years. What any of them would say if they caught me creeping around the house in the nuddy, and filming myself, I had no idea. And that was the more polite bit of the plan.
I'd been playing with myself for the last half an hour while thinking about going through with this, and getting myself into the right state of mind. The one where you are so hyped and full of sexual tension that you cannot think straight. The one where you'll do the stupid thing because, at that moment, it seems fairly reasonable.
As I crept down the stairs, I knew that I stunk of sex already. My pussy was leaking as much as it ever had and drips were heading down the inside of my thighs towards my knees. Both of my hands were also covered in the juices I'd been putting out. I'd dried my left enough to hold my phone properly, minimising the chances of slippage, but there would be no disguising what I was up to.
My annoying inner labia were poking out like some sort of octopus that had got stuck inside of me. I hated them but had made sure to record it on the camera to add to the sense of embarrassment and perverseness that I'd feel on watching this back at a later time. After all, that was a major factor in why I was doing this. I wanted to know that I could have been caught here, and relive the terror of that possibility. Being seen in all my hideous glory.
Although I knew that none of them would exit the room, I was still going down crouched and against the wall. What the hell I thought that would do to help me if they walked into the hallway I didn't know. Wide staircase, naked, clearly horny, girl with nowhere to go. Crouching and moving slowly wasn't going to camouflage me here.
On reaching the bottom, I did take care as I rounded the banister at the foot of the stairs. The step two up was a creaky one, so I'd missed it out as it might well be heard, and came right out into the open. From here, I could see into the living room through lots of small glass panels that let the light travel in each direction and kept the house bright.
Ahead, I could see my mum and then dad on one sofa, and at right angles to that, with her back to me, was my sister. The TV was against the far wall, angled so that both sofas got a fair view of it. Helen wasn't going to see me unless she saw a reflection of something moving behind her and turned to check it out, but my parents could much more easily.
This was moronic, and I knew it. I knew that I should claim this as a win and go back up right now, but that wasn't the plan. I had decided to do this, and something in my brain was making me carry it through regardless of any sort of common sense. I crept up to the glass panels, still filming, and turned my back to them.
I masturbated for what was only a small number of seconds, but seemed much longer at the time, while making sure that the view over my shoulder of the three members of my family was caught forever. Me naked and with my fingers dripping as I stuck them into my mouth. Me fucking myself while trying not to squelch too loudly as I was only inches from my sister's ears with just a thin glass panel between us.
Whatever passed for a brain clicked into gear just in time. I needed to cum, and if it happened right there then there would be no hiding it. The three of them would pause Strictly, walk into the hall, and look down on my squirming sticky body. What the consequences of that would be I had no idea, but thankfully the rest of my plan was what I was moving towards.
I hurried back up the stairs (missing the dodgy step), while making sure I stayed as quiet as I could. Sensible me would have just gone into my own room and finished off in there. Nope, nothing doing. I went into my parent's room and, opening the drawer in my dad's bedside table, reached to the back and pulled out the thin white vibrator.
This was the fulfilment of a particularly kinky part of my thinking -- such as it was right now. I'd borrowed this before when I'd had the house to myself, which wasn't often, but to risk it when they were all at home was reckless in the extreme.
"Strictly cum dancing" was my theme though, and that is what I was aiming for. I took the vibrator over to the mirrored wardrobe doors and stuck it inside me while telling myself out loud, and on film, that I was a bad girl. I deserved punishment for what I'd done. For what I was now doing. I needed someone to take me in hand and stop me from acting this way. To be strict with me, to mould me.
While a little girl I, like many, had been taken to dance classes. I couldn't decide now whether I'd ever been totally into it, but Helen and I had made a cute pair and so our parents had done this as something to draw our merging families closer together. I suppose that's one reason we enjoyed the TV show -- we'd done a kid's version ourselves.
I danced for this person who was going to straighten me out. Not exactly energetically. Certainly not gracefully, with one hand on the camera, and the other needing to push the vibrator back in whenever it started to head too far out of my pussy. 'Yes sir', I'd say. 'This is a better use of my energies than creeping around naked. I'll dance for just your eyes, touch myself for just your eyes.'
Okay, it wasn't exactly a great plotline, but then it was just a daft home movie to get myself off to both right now, and at later points. This wasn't the Oscars. This was just a naked teenager stuffed with her mum's medium-powered vibrator, ending up sitting with her legs as far open into the splits as she could, while watching herself having an orgasm in the mirror.
It was a bloody good one as well. While conscious that I couldn't make too much noise, I'd made enough to come over well on the phone I was recording this with. I probably wasn't going to get a second chance at this production, and so wanted to get the maximum effect in the time and space I had.
While still high with whatever chemicals were pumping around my body, I took out the vibrator and licked it clean. This was gross enough in itself, and having done it before I knew it would be, but doubly so knowing that at some point this had been in my mother. Presumably, as it was at my dad's side of the bed, he used it on her. How clean it had been before my using it, I didn't know. Was I licking her dried -- and now re-wetted -- juices off along with mine?
That was something that didn't bear thinking about really, but added to the sense of disgust I knew I would feel on watching this back. I did need to clean it before replacing it at the back of the drawer, but doing it in a nasty fashion with my tongue and mouth wasn't necessary. Hopefully sexy, certainly perverted, but not necessary!
I turned the camera off then so that I could have both hands available to me. I needed to get myself cleaned up and downstairs as swiftly as possible and so ran (quietly) back into my room, where I had a series of wet wipes ready on my dresser. Pussy, legs, hands, were all given a quick, but thorough going over. I'd shower once the programme was over but needed to at least kill the smell first.
Quickly dressing in the clothing already laid out -- which I'd been wearing today already so that no one would wonder why I'd changed -- I ran downstairs. There was a certain pleasure in deliberately landing on the squeaky step this time as I headed through to join the others, asking what I'd missed so far as I did so.
****
I realised why he'd shown me that particular video title, or at least thought I did. In it, I'd said that I needed someone to punish me and take control over me. That, in essence, was what he had said that he was going to do to me in his cut and pasted comments just a minute or two earlier. He was taking something literally that I'd said in a sex-fueled escapade. I certainly did not want that in my real life!
And, of course, sending that particular video would show my family what I was really like. All people have secrets that they don't want others to find out about -- at least I assumed they did. Okay, mine was probably a bit more extreme than many, but it didn't actually hurt anyone did it! If they all saw me using them as props while getting myself off though, then... oh crap!
That alone would be incredibly hurtful to them and rule any of us going near the wider family events for some time. We'd be the topic of conversation for years to come. To be then shown me using my parent's vibrator in their bedroom while talking dirty to myself... no. Just no. This just couldn't be happening!
As if it wouldn't be bad enough if the video was sent by itself, the message space was suddenly pasted into. Another thing that he'd had pre-prepared. This now said, 'I've been thinking of you dad, missing you. I cannot forget you showing me mum's vibrator for the first time, and how much fun it has given the two of us when you needed time to get ready to go again. Wish you were here, Amy. xxx'
Oh, fuck. Oh, bloody, fuck! Dad would know that this was a lie, but the other 49 people -- including my mum and sister, the entire family, and friends that knew us all, would not. The shit would really hit the fan if this got out. My head was hurting, and my brain was suddenly unable to cope with what I was looking at.
My calling them individually and trying to explain the situation would hardly help if they saw the video. Saw me wandering the house naked, exhibiting myself, fucking myself with the vibrator from my dad's drawer. I didn't even have my phone available. I could recall a few of their numbers from memory but, for most of the rest, I wouldn't have a clue. I'd stored and forgotten them instantly.
I was up shit creek without a paddle. Without a boat either for that matter. I couldn't see a choice in what I did here, not that I'd exactly seen many options since he'd first got in touch. This though, this was a major escalation. I'd tried to say that I wasn't going to go on doing what he wanted without seeing an end to this. He'd then shown me one possible ending -- and I hated it.
"Please, sir, don't do this." I slid off my seat so that I was kneeling on the floor. I held both hands up in front of me, in the traditional position, before continuing. "I'm on my knees begging you. Sir, please don't do this. You must be able to understand what this will do to my whole family if it got sent. This would destroy us forever"
'Do I have your attention now? Are you going to give up your silly demand to know what is coming, when this is going to end? I have given you your next instruction, and you need to proceed without wasting more of my time. You will, however, be punished later on for your wilful disobedience. Now put on full make-up and proceed without further ado.'
I hurriedly agreed to do so, then stood and grabbed my make-up things. I'd said I wouldn't continue with his games as he could destroy me now, or later after forcing me to do more bad things, so there was no incentive for me to continue. Now I had that incentive. He was threatening to destroy not just me, but all that I held dear.
What his idea of 'full make-up' was I didn't know and didn't stop to question. Questions seemed a bad idea right now. I needed to get on with what he wanted and not piss him off any further. In my head, I added 'for now' to that. I needed to not piss him off further for now. At some point, I was going to have to put a stop to this, which would presumably anger him, but the timing of that was now a complete unknown. I had no idea how to stop him.
What I went with was my night out face. Light blue eye-liner, mascara, foundation (but not too much as I didn't need it), and lippie. Bright red lipstick that emphasised the cupid's bow in my lips and, according to a number of boys, made them one of my most attractive features. Eminently kissable, one guy had said recently.
He'd not mentioned hair, but I brushed that out as well to make myself look as good as possible. Glamorous but naked. Marvellous. All I needed to take was the laptop, but I wished I had some real lube. I'd previously considered buying some, but if a parcel had arrived at home others in the family would have been bound to ask what was in it... so I'd never done so. Now I was in this flat though, I could buy what I liked!
For my own adventures, I tended to use liquid soap as that was available in most bathrooms these days, but some real lube would seem the right thing for actual anal sex, rather than just playing with relatively thin objects. I assumed David would have soap in his room, but even shampoo would do in a pinch. He seemed well-groomed so he must have at least that, surely? I took my soap with me -- just in case.
Part of me usually liked the thrill of knowing I was about to embark on my little sexy interludes and, in all honesty, there was a small element of that present right now. Mostly though, it was fear of the unknown. I'd be putting myself in David's hands and I didn't really know the guy. His public persona could be very different from his sexual one, and I had no real idea what I was letting myself in for here.
I was a bit taken aback when I saw Dionne sitting at the table in the living area, eating some toast. I'd not even thought about meeting any of the others on my way to do this 'task' for my blackmailer. I wasn't thinking straight about anything after the shock I'd just had. She raised her eyebrows as she gave me a look that asked me what I was doing, all dolled up, facially at least, and wandering around the living space, but she didn't say anything.
I was in the room farthest from the front door and David was in the one closest, so I knew that she was very likely watching me the whole way as I walked over with my laptop open. At least I could hold the soap on the keyboard, with it facing away from her, and keep it out of sight. Now that could lead to an awkward conversation!
I knocked, and then, quietly, asked to speak to him privately after he opened his room to me, still just dressed in some of his pyjamas, bottoms only. He looked over my shoulder and must have seen Dionne watching as well, but then stood back so that I could enter. Presumably thinking that she might overhear us in this private matter if he questioned me at the entrance.
"David, I'm... a little mixed up. I have some desires, secret sexual desires, that I'm hoping that you can help me with. Something with no strings attached, just as a one-off" I'd put the laptop on his desk and, being unable to check it as that would draw extra attention to what I was doing, hoped that it was pointing in the correct direction and angle to capture us both.
"Connor is so cocky and full of himself, while Scott is too much of a boy yet to make me think I can trust him to keep quiet if I'd asked him. I don't know many others in the city as yet and thought that as you are a really nice guy you would be the right one to help. Basically, well, what I want is, just to try something. To try anal sex for the first time. Could you help me with this? Please?"
I was trying to smile winningly at him while I spoke to make sure that I looked my best. Although, as I was still naked, I didn't suppose that many guys would care too much about the smile while the rest of me was on full display. A little shorter than the average, with not large boobs, I was still surely enough of a woman to attract the attention of most blokes in this situation, especially after just announcing that I wanted no strings attached anal!
David was clearly not most blokes. He stood there in his pyjama bottoms, looking pretty good in all honesty. He wasn't overly muscled but had enough to keep me interested if I'd been on an actual date with him. Hairless chest, clean-shaven, fair hair cut short. Generally well-groomed and attractive.
He wasn't reacting to me in the way I'd expected though, which puzzled me. Which worried me. I wasn't sure what should have been happening, other than a strong likelihood of being kissed and played a little with before he stuck himself up my bum, but this wasn't it. I asked if he had a girlfriend and didn't want to cheat on her -- if so, I'd never tell anyone, honest, so that would be fine. But that clearly wasn't the right direction to go in.
"Look, Amy, you are a really nice girl," he started, which was clearly a bad way for the chat to develop. "But, look, you say you have secret sexual desires, and so do I. I'll kill you if you say this to the others, but I think I'm probably gay. I'm working through a whole bunch of things about my sexuality and don't know where that will go, but, for now... thank you for your offer and for speaking so nicely about me. But no. Sorry."
My first thought was that I was doomed. My family was doomed. I'd failed, and that email would be going out shortly. Bloody well gay, or close enough! I'd not seen that coming, and neither had my blackmailer when setting this task. I might have been expected to get a little resistance from a bloke who was in a relationship, or wanting to be celibate or something because of religion. Fine, those I could have worked with -- but gay! Crap!
I turned back to the laptop to pick it back up and exit the room, then paused. Would he accept failure under these conditions? I had no way of telling, but thought that he might. Otherwise, I would no longer be his to play with, and I was sure that he had a lot more for me in mind, especially as he'd said he'd need to punish me for my act of attempted rebellion this morning. I didn't want to risk it though if I had any other option.
However, there was one more thing that I could try here. I paused while running the wording of this through my head. I'd not get a do-over, so I needed to get this right the first time. I wasn't doing well mentally, so I knew that I needed to be clear in what I said, and how I phrased it. Logical me to the fore!
"David, this could work out fine for the both of us. I would know that you will truly treat this as a one-off -- something that Connor and Scott would be unlikely to do -- and as for you, well, it would give you a chance to practise something with a willing participant before needing to do it in real life, so to speak."
At least he was still listening and hadn't bundled me back out of his room. Back to the watching eyes of Dionne. And what the heck did she think was going on in here? David was studying computing, so that seemed an innocent enough reason for needing to talk with him in private if she asked. Computer issues. They happen to us all.
"Here's my proposal. All guys, straight, gay, whatever, surely like getting their cocks sucked. I'll do that for you, get you hard. I'll then bend over the bed, kneeling down, and..." And what exactly? "I'll stick my head and torso under the quilt. That way you'll just have my backside to play with. It could be anyone's. Screwing me then will give you some indication of what it will be like to do anal with a bloke. With anyone. Then when it comes up for you in future, you can act as if you know what you are doing."
Oh hell, he wasn't exactly leaping at the prospect. Not that I could blame him, as this was rather out of the blue, and was a pretty bizarre request. 'Hey mate, so you're gay? Well, then how about fucking this pretty girl up the arse -- after all, it is much the same thing as doing a bloke when it comes down to it!' It was the best reasoning I could come up with though, however weak it seemed, even to me.
The only chance I could see of this going any further was a bold one. A risky one. The sort of thing that would get a bloke arrested as assault. However, as the naked girl in his room then I was already on shaky ground. Not giving any prior indication of what I was about to do I pre-empted any further discussion.
I quickly knelt in front of him, pulled down the front of his pyjamas -- and made sure that I would have grasped any boxers or underpants below if they had been there -- and stuck his mostly flaccid cock in my mouth. Before yesterday I'd never done this properly, yet now it was two in two days. My reasoning, such as it was, was simple. A guy getting a blowjob never said, 'that's enough, please stop now.' At least in movies and porn.
It wasn't like I did this every day, although that seemed to be the case just now, but he surprised me by being hairless down there. Very occasionally I'd come across that in porn, but it seemed that the usual man liked his own pubic hair to remain while wanting his women to be trimmed and neatly groomed. Was this a wannabe gay man thing, or just what some men liked these days? Not getting a nose full of pubes certainly got my vote though!
Normally I think I'd have been expected to look up and meet the guy in the eyes, for at least part of the time. Establishing that contact helped the relationship. They could see they were dominating you, if that was needed, while you could know you were in control of their experience, even while you were on your knees in front of them.
This time I kept my head down as far as possible. I was a girl in full make-up, and he'd just said that was pretty much what he didn't want in his life. I hoped to get him aroused (and that at least was happening) without making it obvious that it was a girl doing this. There was every chance that no one had ever done this for him, to him, so I hoped his imagination and dreams would step in and stop him from stopping me.
Getting him semi-hard didn't take long at all. Almost as soon as my mouth closed over the tip of his cock, and my tongue got to work as I moved up and down his shaft, the miracle happened. In a film, this would have been accompanied by a rocket ship taking off in the background, or a bridge being raised. Something highly symbolic to let the audience know what was happening.
Here, there was not even music to go along with what was happening. Just the slurping sounds that I was making. With Connor, I might have overemphasised them for his added pleasure, but I wasn't sure what to do here. I could hardly stop the action to ask if he was alright. I'd basically pulled his clothes down and attacked him in the hope that he would go along with me, and this had to work.
He had a full-blown erection within 30 seconds and, as he'd not pushed me away, I had to assume he was enjoying it. With the doubts over his sexual identity there was a heck of a good chance that he was a virgin -- as was I, although I didn't expect to be for much longer -- and that he'd not experienced this before. Watching porn was great for some things, but, as I'd found out myself last night, real-world experience was something else again.
Once up, he was probably a little smaller than Connor, but about the same size going around. Girth? Thankfully he seemed clean, which was a little bit of a surprise to me, given this that had come as a surprise to him. He obviously showered and looked after his body well though. I didn't go as far as deep-throating him, but close, coming at slightly different angles to make sure I got full coverage. I wanted him to be happy, but not too happy. He still had other work to do here.
For the person giving a blowjob, it can get a bit repetitive. I could see how in the right circumstances it might be nice to do this for your man, and you would focus on that. Here though, I just had the bobbing motion to concentrate on and to remember to keep my tongue in action. His breathing had changed, so I was happy he would stick with this bit -- but as for the next? There was only one way to tell.
I disengaged, grabbed the soap bottle and, in the same motion, nudged the laptop around to face the bed. The angle of the lens was probably still okay and I didn't take the risk of adjusting that and making him wonder what I was doing. If it had caught me on my knees sucking his cock, then it should catch me a little further away and bent over his bed. Probably.
Passing him my soap, I turned and burrowed under the edge of his bedding. My arms reached all the way to the other side of the mattress and I took a good grip there. I wasn't sure how this was going to go -- assuming it did go -- and wanted to make myself as stable as possible so that my accidentally slipping off the bed wasn't likely.
While I'd not mentioned this to him -- for obvious reasons -- I thought this a weak point, well, an even weaker point, in the plan. If he'd considered this from the start, then my smaller than average, slightly skinny frame was unlikely to match up to whatever bloke he'd been picturing doing this with. My hope had been that by the time we got to this point in the arrangements he'd have raging hormones and not be overly critical of my butt's appearance, or that my legs were thinner than his mind's desire.
I realised I'd not said what the soap was for, and hoped that he didn't need to be told. If there was anything of a doubt about this in his head, his being with a woman, then I didn't want to compound that by popping out of my small burrow for a chat. My bum was sticking out, and I tried to angle that so that my pussy would be as out of sight as it could be. It was hard to picture how this looked to him, so I hoped it would do for this one occasion. If it was likely to become a regular feature of life, then I'd maybe need to practise in front of a mirror!
I laughed, internally, at that for a second, but then stopped as it hit me that I had no idea what was going to become a regular feature of my life from this point onwards. Any arousal I'd been feeling at this situation disappeared. And there had been some, despite the oddity of where I was. Being naked, and sucking a cock, did something for me in that respect, even though it was not exactly a feature of my sex thought life.
With that video, attached to that email, I was totally in the hands of my blackmailer. He could tell me to screw, or be screwed by, every man in a gay night club and I'd be bound to give it a try. Or a regular nightclub. Or a bus station for that matter. My sex life, hell my entire life, was now his to direct as he saw fit.
The only thing, or at least the main thing, puzzling me right now was why had� he� not come forward to take me for his own? He was giving me to first Connor, and now David -- with Scott to follow for sure. Why had he not told me to come to, not his home as I'd then be able to act against him if I knew where that was, but a hotel when he could fuck me. Or a park, to do it outside. Or... anywhere really.
Where was he, and why had he not put in an appearance? Possibilities seemed to be that he was married, or had other family engagements? He was travelling when he found my phone and wasn't local? In which case he could order me to come to a location convenient to him. Or? I wasn't sure, and my immediate situation suddenly overtook my musing.
David had worked out what the soap was for but, rather than applying some to a finger and working his way in, had taken a different approach. Even just coating his cock and just going for it made more sense than this. As best as I could work it out from my position, he'd unscrewed the pump from the bottle and inserted the stem of that inside me. Sure, it would be coated in the soap from the inside of the bottle and was one way of getting a lot inside me at once, but that was real lateral thinking.
The thing can only have been about five or six inches long, given the size of the bottle, and quite thin, but it felt bloody weird. He swished it around, withdrew it, and then I could hear him shaking the bottle. He'd clearly put it back in and then mixed things up to reapply the gooey mixture. A few moments later it was back inside me about as deeply as it could go.
David did this once more, and then I could hear him putting the stem of the pump back inside the bottle and screwing it up again. Great. Just great. Now it wouldn't leak if it was knocked over or as I took it back to my room, but the entire bottle of soap was now contaminated by that part having been right up inside my bum. Was I going to be using that bottle to clean my face ever again? Not sodding likely!
One day I was going to have to talk to him about this behaviour. I certainly didn't appreciate this way of applying the stand-in lube and didn't think anyone else would either. Boys were just plain weird! Why would he have thought that a good idea! Use a finger man, like any normal person would!
The moment finally arrived when I could feel the pressure pushing against my ring. He had one hand on my hip, and presumably was using the other trying to guide himself into the target area. His tip went in relatively easily and was quickly followed by most of the rest of him. He was bigger, for sure, than what had previously gone up, but the large amount of soap must have helped. As should my having played with my own arse from time to time.
As he hit his limit, I could feel his hips pressing closely against me, squashing up against my buttocks. Anal cherry -- gone. While you were always supposed to remember your first fuck, I figured this would also count. Not quite done with a stranger, but pretty close, and in almost as meaningless a fashion. This would hopefully keep my family safe a little longer though, and so would be worth it.
I partially rethought that as he mostly withdrew and then shot back in again. His technique was lousy and didn't get any better as this was repeated time and time again. Rather than taking it slowly, which is what I'd want from anyone doing this, going in by increments and letting us both get used to the sensations, he seemed to have learnt from porn videos. Ram the bloody thing in, withdraw and then repeat.
Whatever he did to me was worth it if it kept that email from being sent. So I kept saying to myself anyway, as I started to feel a certain amount of pain and shock from the repeating impact. Soap plainly didn't cut it as a replacement lubricant, and this experience was now bringing tears to my eyes. People liked this sort of thing! Why? This wasn't fun, or sexy!
The noise being created by his fucking me was similar to the sort of sound that is made when you wash soapy hands, rubbing them together -- which made sense in the circumstances. A sort of soft sucking sound, punctuated by his grunting and my making low moans, but not of pleasure, as he went all the way in. I was trying my best to keep quiet, to not remind him that this was Amy underneath him, but was not being totally successful.
While it wasn't comfortable, I was getting used to the pattern of his rhythm, so I was able to anticipate how this was going to be until this situation was over. That helped a little as I could move with him. Calling it a 'situation' made it seem better than 'being anal fucked by a roommate you couldn't even remember the surname of, you knew him so little.'
He never completely withdrew but left at least the tip of his cock inside me, moving back and apart so that his hips no longer touched me. This was then followed by a long, reasonably quick, thrust, jamming his body back into mine. Each time this happened there was a clapping noise as my bum cheeks were flattened, to join the squelch from inside me.
Once all the way in, he'd give a grunt, then a couple of little wiggles of the hips. Presumably this gave him pleasure as he could feel the sensitive bits of his cock getting contracted by my sphincters in there. Flesh on flesh of my buttocks and his hips. Or something. I only felt the discomfort of being stretched and pulled in a part of my body that didn't want to be. Again, again, and once again.
I'd never really done this to myself. While I'd used objects to go in there, any fucking had been done fairly slowly and cautiously. If it hurt, then I stopped and went another way. If he'd been a regular guy, into girls and that, then I might have asked him to change his angle of approach to make it better for me. Would have done so in fact.
If that had happened, and he'd been touching my clit -- or I dared to, which I didn't at the moment in case the movement, the noise, drew attention to me -- and played with my boobs at the same time, then... then I might not object to this happening again. There were brief moments in there where I almost felt pleasure before the pain was back again, taking front and centre.
However, with David not really wanting to be with girls, I dare not talk to him. I didn't want to break his concentration and remind him of who I was. I thought that we were far enough along that he'd not care and keep going, but, if he wasn't, if he stopped, then I was finished. I just had to endure to the end. His happy ending.
All things come to an end, and this did as well. Eventually. His grunting suddenly increased and, with a few more violent, wonky, thrusts as he tightened his grip on my hips, he came. I'd assumed that I would feel something happening inside of me, but I didn't. I guessed that there was quite a mess in there, and his semen was just a small part of the overall gloop.
It was only as he started to back off, to disengage, that I remembered the second part of this. Getting butt fucked wasn't enough in itself, and would be a failure if that was all that I achieved here. I hurriedly got myself untangled from under his quilt, turned, and, catching him in the act of standing, managed to get my hands onto his legs.
He asked me what I was doing, as he fought slightly to regain the balance that I'd disturbed as I bumped into him and turned his body the way I wanted it to face, for the camera, but I didn't answer. I didn't need to, as it was pretty damn obvious. I was putting his now drooping cock into my mouth. Clean it like this or fail the mission was my instruction, and I couldn't afford to fail.
Given that he was a moving target, albeit a slow one, I'd had to go in with my eyes open to make sure that I achieved a lock with my mouth. Using my lips with the pretty cupid's bow. Not so pretty right now though, as I'd seen what I was heading towards, knew what they were wrapped around at this moment.
The soap suds had frothed up nicely with the repeated thrusting of his cock in my arse. Along with that, they had been dyed, in parts, a hideous shade of brown -- a sort of khaki shade. Presumably his cum was in the mix as well, but in the seconds before I got it inside my mouth (while managing not to retch so far), I couldn't see any evidence of it.
Tasting the frothy combination of the soap, his cum, and my own anal secretions was a challenger for the low point of my life to date. I liked vanilla flavour ice cream, but the soap being vanilla-scented was going to put me off eating any for ages to come. I could see getting flashbacks if I tried. I decided to switch to chocolate... but then again, that suddenly also had negative connotations as well. Maybe I'd skip that form of dessert for a while!
I was glad of the strong flavour of the soap though. Everything else just came through as undertones, and that could have been much, much, worse. I didn't know how well real lube would have performed in masking the taste, although it would presumably have made the prior experience more comfortable. Would it also be less toxic for me than the soap I was now swallowing down? Swings and roundabouts really, or so it seemed.
After his initial questioning of what I was doing, he stayed pretty much silent, although a slight stiffening of his member seemed to indicate that he wasn't strongly opposed to what I was doing. Surprised and shocked, no doubt, but not objecting verbally. That probably helped anyway. If it had gone small and wrinkly then I'd have had a harder time getting into the cracks, and my order was to clean him, not almost clean him.
With the thing not going all of the way down, I could do a good job. A good job for both David and my watching blackmailer. And whoever he decided to share this new video with in the future so that they could watch me licking up the drips from David's balls.
I wasn't sure what to say to him now that we were done. I didn't know what you were supposed to say to partners in casual sex once it was over. Thank them for a pleasant experience, give them a kiss and then leave? There was no way anyone with any brains was going to kiss me after seeing what I'd just been doing!
All I said to him was to request that he kept this to himself, in much the same way as it had been said to Cameron earlier. The others wouldn't like it if they knew we were having sex, especially Leanne, and this sort of encounter would very likely not get repeated. Assuming we wanted to. I also dropped in that if this was brought out into the open then his sexuality might also get discussed -- something he would surely not want. I hadn't thought he'd say anything, but adding that couldn't hurt.
Dionne was still out in the living area as I exited David's room. As I walked along, I realised that the soap bottle was now facing her, on top of the still-open laptop, as I went in this direction. Trying to hide it now would probably have made things worse, so I hoped that she just wouldn't notice it. Other things should be more to her interest anyway.
The minor one of those was my face. Less than 45 minutes ago I'd walked by perfectly made-up. Now my hair was severely mussed, my mascara had surely run, and my lippie was probably pretty much non-existent, having largely been left on his cock. It wouldn't be there now though -- having been relocated up my bum via his tool! Clearly something interesting had happened in there and saying that I had a problem with my laptop and had asked for David's help in fixing it was no longer going to pass as an excuse.
The bigger issue though was my movement. Sometimes when I'd cum a lot it took a little while for me to walk straight again, my legs not quite operating in sync. This was a hell of a lot worse. It felt to me as if I was almost trying to walk on tiptoes as I tried to alleviate the residual pain and discomfort, but with a wobble from side to side like some sort of seasick sailor. While trying to walk normally, I felt like a drunk person trying to do the same and being obviously unable to do so.
Of course, the front of my torso, boobs included, being still red from the pressure of lying face down on his bed for most of my time would also be obvious, although I now tried to use the laptop as cover there. Going by, I realised that my buttocks were no doubt bright red from being smacked repeatedly by his hips as he pounded me. Yet more inconvenient signs of sexual activity that I could really have done without her seeing.
I made it back to my room without Dionne saying anything, but I knew I'd not gotten away with this. She was a bit of an intimidating character at the best of times, and I didn't look forward to having a conversation where this was brought up. She just seemed so in control of life. While I did my best, I never had the feeling of being in charge of my own existence. Especially not now.
Almost before the door was closed behind me, I had a message from him coming out of the speakers of my laptop. It was a very small thing, what with the rest of my life being in the state it was, but the Stephen Hawking voice reading out these communications was really annoying me. It was lifeless, and I wanted something with emotions to tell me how he was further ruining my life.
'While you were busy there, you had a message in from Scott to say his friends would be over around 12, and would you like to meet them while still nude as you'd said this was a possibility yesterday. I've replied in the affirmative for you. You will be given a relevant task to perform nearer the time. For now though, I would like you to do something disgusting as you stay in your room over the next hour. Filming it of course. Fail, and you will be punished further. Harshly.'
"Of course, sir," I replied with false cheer, not being able to turn him down. "What would you like me to do for you?" And then I waited. And then waited a few minutes more. I tried to be patient, but just as I was about to ask him if he was still there -- or had he taken a toilet break or gone to make a coffee or something -- I got it.
He wasn't going to order me to do anything further, nor give me any further clues as to his desires. His command was 'do something disgusting in your room and film it' and it was up to me to carry that out within the time limit. What he might class as disgusting was bound to be different than I would, but I needed to hit his levels. At least. That meant that I needed to go all out here. Oh, bloody hell!