Hi, for those of you who have read my stories about my sexual experiences, this is how I first met one of D's new bosses.
If you are new to my stories, please read "A bit about me" first to understand my background.
Briefly I am a cock loving cum slut. I love sex of all sorts and find it hard to say no.
I have been fucked by my parents, my brother, my aunty and uncles, my bosses, and countless strangers.
My husband Derek, or D, as I call him loves what I am. He enjoys watching me getting fucked. Mind you, he will fuck anyone he can as well. He works away a lot and when he is home our sex is fantastic. We tell each other all about what we have been up to and with who, as we fuck our brains out.
My 30th birthday was on the horizon and I was wondering what he had planned, as long as it involved plenty of cock I would be happy.
He was able to get home one Wednesday for a change so I thought I would prepare a treat for him.
I got home from work early, had a shower to wash off all my bosses spunk. I put on my black stockings, red basque that showed my nipples and most of my tits over the top. I poured myself a large glass of wine and sat waiting for his car in our drive.
I had a little play with cunt, making sure it was nice and moist. I heard his car arrive. I quickly put on a mask over my eyes and laid on the floor in our hallway. My legs were wide open and my knees bent up. As he walked in he would see me laying on my back ready for his cock. I had also put a pillow under my hips, for comfort, and another under my head.
I heard the key in the door.
"Fucking hell," he said.
"All yours sir, my cunt need your cock now."
I imagined what he saw as I lay there, a wet juicy cunt waiting for his cock. I heard his zip, his trousers being pulled off. I was rubbing my slit and using my fingers in my cunt.
I sensed him getting between my legs, his arms went either side of me as I felt his cock probing my cunt lips.
"Fuck me hard D, come on use your slut wife."
His cock slid up inside me, I pushed my hips up to greet his cock. He wiggled it around a bit before plunging it all the way up inside me.
I suddenly thought that's not his cock, it was bigger and longer. It felt so fucking good I just grabbed his ass and pulled him hard into me.
Who was fucking me I wondered, I knew D was there as I had heard his voice. God his cock was good, at least 8/9 inches, D's was only 6 inches on a good day.
I kept my eye mask on, I didn't care who he was, his cock was doing what I wanted, a good fuck. I felt my orgasm building as he thrust his cock deeper in my cunt.
"Oh fuck yes, give it to me, fuck my cunt, harder and harder please."
"Fuck her Barry, she just loves cock, go on give it to her," I heard D say.
So some guy called Barry was fucking me, I pulled my mask off, to see him smiling down on me.
"Hello Anna, I'm Barry."
"Hi Barry, pleased to meet you, now fuck me, cum in me."
He fucked me over and over, his cock felt so fucking good, I orgasmed at least twice before he unloaded his spunk up inside me. My hips were rocking as his cock spurted his stream of spunk. My hands were on his ass cheeks pulling him into me.
After he dumped three or four loads of cum in me he pulled out, before I could move to suck his cock, D took his place, his cock went in me so easy.
"You rotten bastard, you could have told me you were bringing someone home tonight."
"But would you have been laying on the floor, legs wide open waiting to be fucked?"
"I might, now fuck me hard, fuck I love you."
D filled my cunt with more cum as I looked up at Barry. We both smiled as I orgasmed again.
D got off me and I managed to suck both their cocks clean. Barry and his 8/9 inches long cock tasted so nice I kept sucking it until it got hard again.
D was pouring Barry a large whiskey as I sucked away.
"Fuck she is good, she is taking all of my cock, oh fuck Anna that's it, suck it, take it, here it cums."
His spunk shot down my throat, another two loads followed, I swallowed it al!. He pulled out and jerked the rest over my face.
I got up off my knees, his spunk on my face.
"Hello Barry, nice to meet you." I smiled at him holding out my hand.
"Pleased to meet you Anna," he grinned.
I was stood there in my red basque, black stockings,cum on my face.. My tits were resting on the top of basque, my nipples sticking out as their spunk was dribbling out of my cunt down my thighs.
We were all drinking and my eyes were drawn to Barrys cock.
"Nice cock Barry."
"Well it had a surprise when D opened your front door and I saw your beautiful hairy cunt just waiting for it. You were right D, and, may I say a great fuck."
I couldn't help stroking it as D explained they were travelling to a job tomorrow and it made sense for Barry to stay over on the way. His cock was starting to rise again and he had his hand between my thighs, rubbing my cunt as we talked.
Barry suggested we go out for something to eat and we agreed, I said I'd better dress but D said I was fine as I was.
"Fuck I'm horny now, you want me to go out looking like this?"
"Why not, just slip a light coat on and you will be fine," D said
By now Barry was rock hard again. His cock was sticking out, it looked magnificent as my hand played with it.
"Well I'd better make this go down first."
I turned around and bent over the table.
"Fuck me Barry?"
I spread my legs, pushed my bum up and reached between my legs, I caught hold of his cock and pulled it towards me. He didn't need my help and was soon fucking me doggy style over our dining room table.
His hands were gripping my hips as his balls were banging on my ass. His cock was right up my cunt.
"Oh god, fuck, that's it, use my cunt, harder, oh god I'm fucking cummming."
"So am I, fuck your cunt is so good, it's eating my cock,here it cums, fucking take it all."
His cock flopped out, I sucked it clean for him.
"Lets go then, I'm hungry."
I went to the toilet and had a piss, wiping my cunt clean. As I got back they had put their trousers back on and D was holding a light coat for me. I put my tits back inside the top of my basque, slipped the coat on and off we went.
"Where are we going, I can't sit in just my basque?"
D was driving as I sat in the back with Barry, my coat open as fingered me.
"Don't worry we will go to our friendly Indian, they have all fucked you and the owner loves you."
He was watching in the mirror as Barry fingered me, I had my legs spread wide, he was telling me about his wife and how they enjoyed swinging.
We made it to the restaurant before I came, D had to park two streets away, it was only a short walk and I left my coat open. The cool air felt nice between my legs as we walked.
I held my coat closed as we walked in, the owner and waiter kissed me.
"Let me take your coat Anna," the owner said.
"Better not," I grinned as I opened it, showing him I only had a basque and stockings on.
He smiled as he lead us to a table, it was in the corner. Only he and the waiters at the counter could see us clearly.
As I sat down, I let my coat fall off, over the back of my chair.
My top half was decent, well of a sort. My tits were just about covered by my basque but below I was sat on my bare bum on the chair.
The waiter came to take our order and soon brought our drinks. I looked over at the owner, he was holding his hands on his chest, then lowering them, pointing at me. I realised he wanted me to pull the top of my basque down.
I told D and Barry what he had indicated. Only anyone at the counter could see, and I suppose, people walking by looking in!
Go on, get your tits out, they both said. I looked at the owner as I pulled one tit out, smiled, then the other one. I adjusted them so they were resting on the top of bra part of my basque.
My nipples were getting hard and I could feel my cunt getting moist. The owner was straight over with a complimentary bottle of wine. He poured the wine out, looking at my tits.
"Have a feel if you want," D said.
He stood behind me, I could feel his hard cock pressing into my back as he brought both hands around on my tits. He was squeezing them, then pinching my nipples as the waiter arrived with our food.
The boys, D and Barry, were just looking at my tits as we ate our food. I got a few drips of curry sauce on my tits but Barry kidly licked them off for me.
"Fuck I've got a hard on, this is so sexy."
I reached under the table and rubbed it.
"Take your cock out then Barry."
He did, I was stroking it gently for him as a waiter arrived to clear our plates. He had a quick look around, only the owner was watching. He undid his zip and his cock was straight in my mouth. He played with my tits as I sucked on his cock. He didn't last long and soon his cum was filling my mouth.
He pulled his cock out and jerked some of his cum over my face and tits. I licked some up as he put his cock away.
Barry quickly stood up and put his cock in my mouth.
"Oh fuck, suck it Anna, here it comes, fucking take it."
A second load of cum filled my mouth, more splattered over my face and tits.
The waiter brought our coffee and dessert as I wiped cum off my face.
My cunt was leaking my juices as we sat there. I need a pee, I said standing up, I put my coat around me and headed off. The owner smiled as I passed him and headed upstairs to the toilet.
It was a single ladies cubicle, I hung my coat on the door and was peeing as he came in. I was still going as his cock went in my mouth. He was face fucking me as I finished peeing.
I leaned back, letting his cock fall out. I turned and bent over the toilet, he held my hips as he pushed his cock in my cunt.
"Oh yes, fuck me, I need cock, fuck me."
He was soon pounding away, his balls hitting my ass. I thought how much I loved the feel of balls banging on my ass as he came, grunting loudly.
I sucked his cock clean and licked his balls for him.
I put some toilet paper up my cunt to stop his spunk running out as I returned to our table. D had paid the bill so I stayed standing up
We said thank you and goodbye and left. They were all smiling.
As we walked back to the car, I smiled at the boys and handed D my coat.
I walked in front of them, my tits out, my white bare ass wiggling in front of them. I stopped and removed the toilet paper from my cunt and let the spunk run down my thighs.
I heard Barry saying.
"Fuck Derek, look at her, that pert ass looks gorgeous. She just doesn't care, anyone could see her with her tits out and her hairy cunt. Is she always like this?"
"Oh yes, I'm surprised she still has her basque on. Don't worry if anyone sees her, she loves it and if it was blokes, she would probably let them fuck her."
We got to the car with nobody seeing me, unfortunately. I got in the back with Barry and soon had my mouth full of his cock as D drove home.
Once home D poured some drinks and put on some sex videos, mostly women getting gang banged.
I was on my knees in front of both of them, sucking each cock in turn as they watched the video. I then heard me shouting.
"Fuck me, fuck me harder, harder, get in deep up my ass D."
Looking around D had put one of our vids we had made.
"Are you up her ass Derek, does she like anal?"
I took a cock out of my mouth.
"I fucking love it, want to use my ass Barry?"
I got up and straddled him, with my back to him, I lowered myself onto his cock.
"Put it up my ass, hold your cock against my anus."
He pushed it in, the head broke through my sphincter, I slowly lowered myself down on his cock until all nine inches were deep up my rectum.
I let it rest for a while and then started riding him. He was watching me getting my ass fucked on the vid and watching his cock violating my ass for real.
D stood in front of me so I sucked on his cock, Barry had started to build up a rhythm up my rear passage. His hands were now holding onto my tits as we fucked.
God his cock felt so fucking good, I could feel my orgasm building
As I laid backwards onto Barry, trying to delay myself cumming, D wanked himself off, cumming all over my tits and stomach. Barry was rubbing it over my tits as I orgasmed, my legs were wide open, my feet resting on his knees as my cum ran out over his balls.
I was squeezing his balls and holding my cunt.
"Get on your knees Anna, please. I really want to give your ass a good fucking."
I did as I was told, he put it back in my cunt first, then back up my asshole.
Holding tight onto my hips he gave me one of the best ass fucks I've ever had.
I must have cum twice more before he did.
"I'm fucking cumming Anna, where do you want it?"
"In my ass, please, all of it. Just fuck me, don't stop."
I thought he was never going to stop cumming. Jet after jet of his spunk erupted up inside me. I collapsed onto the floor, face down. His cock still up my ass, he was just easing it up and down my anal passage.
He raised himself up, his knees either side of me. He parted my ass cheeks as I felt his cock start to stiffen up again. I put my hand under me, on my mound, rubbing my clit.
"Want some more of my cock up your ass or your cunt?"
"My ass please, oh fuck, fuck me again, go hard you bastard, hurt me."
And he did, his cock was sliding so easy in on his cum. Using his hips to get it as deep as he could, I thought his cock was reaching so deep, it felt like it was in my stomach. I orgasmed over and over. My fingers squeezing my clit hard, I cried out in pain and ecstasy as he unloaded up my ass again.
He rolled off me, I quickly got up and bent up over his cock sucking on for all I was worth. D took the chance and had his cock in my ass straight away. His ball were banging on my ass as he fucked me and more spunk shot up my rear hole.
Everyone was finally fucked out. I had a huge smile on my face as we sat back finishing our drinks. I had got a towel to sit on and was facing them so they could watch all the cum dribbling out of my ass and cunt.
D came over and licked some cum off me. His tongue up my cunt.
Barry was just watching in amazement, as D cleaned me up, both holes.
They had to leave early the next morning, about 4:30 so Barry did sleep in the spare room.
I got up to make them some toast and coffee. As I was stood, in nothing, by the work surface, Barry was the first down.
"Sleep well?" I asked him.
"All I could think of was your mouth, cunt and that ass of yours," he replied sliding his hand between my legs.
"Fuck your wet, may I?" He asked unzipping his trousers.
"Anytime you want, especially with that cock of yours."
He was fucking me over the breakfast table as D appeared.
"Don't take too long Barry we have to go soon." He said grinning as Barry filled my cunt with spunk.
I stayed bent over as D took his cock out and I had another load of spunk inside me.
I said goodbye to them at the front door, their spunk was running out of me as I kissed them goodbye.
"Nice to meet you Barry, you can cum anytime."
He grinned as he ran his fingers between my legs, his finger entered my slit. He put his fingers to his mouth, sucking on them.
"God you taste so fucking good, best breakfast ever."