The next morning Em and I awoke with Sam in between us, laying on her back. I lay on my left side, my left hand underneath Sam's right buttock, the fingers in her ass crack, My right hand cupped her left breast. Sam's right hand held on to my pecker, and her left hand was buried between Em's legs. Em had two fingers of her left hand inside Sam's pussy, her thumb against her clit. It was not clear who awoke first, but as we woke up, the movements of our hands and fingers stirred the others awake. Our awakening was a collective arousing. Lazily we enjoyed the early minutes of the day, lightly caressing each other.
"Morning darlings," Em whispered.
I had a real leisure sleep despite the excitements of the night before. "Good morning angels," I said. "Thanks for this peaceful sleepover. I must say I feel refurbished already."
"And you should be," added Sam. "Today takes off where yesterday knocked off. But first there will be an extensive breakfast, so there's still some time left to get back in shape."
We decided a quiet shower was at hand, without too much excitement. There would be enough action later on. We dressed in fresh swimwear, except for Em. She was obliged to wear her Sabroso TitTop©... and very proudly so! She beamed as she paraded her attire for our scrutinizing inspection. We admitted the top was amazing. Her fabulous tits were encased by black chintz. The C-cup boobs looked into the world majestically. They were by no means big hooters. Em had earned her title no doubt because of the tremendous firmness and youthful perky appearance of her bosom. Her boobs sit high on her chest, and are crowned with amazing big dark brown aureoles. They gradually rise to the tip, which end in prominent upturned nipples.
"Well girl, will they get some attention today!" Sam said. "You should be prepared that they will not only be ogled a lot today, but also touched, caressed and pinched. Our guests here are always encouraged to relish in beauty, to swing around in sexual excitement. And since you're miss Terrific Tits this weekend quiet some of the attention will go to your breasts... And they are so inviting... they simply scream to be touched."
Sam applied some oil on Em's titties, and gave them a light but thorough massage. The result was two warmed-up nicely shining tits, ready to be shown in public.
--- --- ---
"This morning there will be various workshops after breakfast. They all follow more or less the same lines: there is an introduction, discussion on the subject, demonstrations of the various methods, the do's en don't's, and then the participants can experiment themselves."
"The workshops this weekend include anal, bondage including CBT, kama sutra and fuck machines. I will be at the CBT, so if you don't want to be seperated from me you should participate that one. Maurice, it's a nice workshop to experience if Cock-and-Ball-Torture does something for you. It's not your everyday something you end up some afternoon trying out..."
"As for your field work this weekend: if you will visit us with your company, we probably start the Friday night more or less like last night. Musical chairs is always a nice game to start with. There can be a beauty contest. Maybe not for all women, but we could do that with only the girls who volunteer to participate. I would not recommend the game of fucking chairs we did last night. It is very well suited for a group of horny liberated people who know where they are getting themselves into. But with your company, the party will not be that way, at least not during the first evening."
"What definitely will work is a blow-job contest. You probably wouldn't think so, but in every company there are always quite a few women who are really eager to perform. And who have the hots for their co-workers. You will be amazed how willing some of them will turn out to be to blow you on stage, right in front of the party. It's also a great opportunity for the ones who are not so eager or uninhibited. They can secretly admire their colleagues and enjoy the feasting of the uninhibited without participating themselves. They will unknowingly get heated up and be prepared for the days ahead."
"Another great idea could be a quiz. It will work out just fine if it's done between teams. Then there will be penalties for failed questions or assignments. Sexual penalties off course. And because there are teams, we will always find volunteers to fulfil the penalties. The less uninhibited have again the possibility to observe and enjoy in secret."
"As for the workshops I would definitely opt for kama sutra. We could throw in other workshops like lap dancing, pole dancing, striptease, sex toys or mutual masturbation techniques. Especial the last two are really good for inexperienced groups of people who already know each other, but who have not had sexual interactions yet. There's a lot of opportunity to talk about sex, and to experiment with sex in the presence of others. And to stretch boundaries along the way. There is no intercourse, so the sex is not too gross right away. But at the same time it will get really hot, and there will be orgasms."
--- --- ---
The breakfast was good. As expected, Em got a lot of attention. A lot more then Helen, or more precisely Helen's butt, and then miss Perfect Pussy and mister Cock. Only when they walked around their assets got admired. As for Em she got a lot of compliments and congrats, exhibiting her wares constantly on display as she did.
After breakfast the workshops were announced. There was much interest for bondage and fuck machines. Because the groups could not be too big, the size of the groups was limited to ten participants each. Both workshops were split into two groups. I tried the bondage.
"There are two sides to BDSM. Even two motives to participate in bondage. The most common one, and the motive you mostly hear or read about, is the desire to be submissive. The urge to be overpowered, the need to obey, to hand oneself over to the hands of a master. This motive touches the SM-side of BDSM. It's all about trust, and the relationship master-slave."
"The other motive is the sexual thrill of being tied up. The sexuality which comes with the physical side of being forced into sexual action, not the psychological aspect of it. The enhancement of sexual bliss because you do not have control over the action. This motive is the BD-side of BDSM. It's about expanding experience and advancing boundaries."
"The distinction between the two is not always clear. There is an in-between. Furthermore, the one exists because of the other. They can't exist without each other, they're not really separable. In this workshop we concentrate on the BD-part of BDSM. It's the mechanics of bondage, the enhancement of pleasure through restrictions."
Discussed were the different possibilities in bondage. First we looked at the kinds of ropes to use and the different methods to tie someone. Then all kinds of toys were demonstrated for use in CBT, Cock and Ball Torture. We were offered a variety of novelties, ranging from different kind of cock and glans rings, to ball squeezers and stretching devices.
I choose to be fitted with a ball bruiser. This is a set of two ball stretchers, broad metal rings which are placed around the scrotum between the balls and the body. The two rings are connected to each other with two spacer bolts. They are fixed in the ring closest to the body, and go through the second ring. With two small wheels in the second ring the distance between the two spacers can be increased. Every so many minutes Sam twisted the wheels a little bit. Our personal assistant more or less stayed at my side constantly, keeping an eye on my wellbeing. Eventually she stretched my scrotum to the utmost, leaving only an unbelievable small space for my marbles. They ached quiet a bit and looked amazingly taut and reddish. My cock pointed straight up and was more rigid as I ever imagined it could be.
Two men were challenged into a weird game. They had to stand on a table, with their wrists cuffed above the head and upheld by a rope. The rope ran through a ring in the ceiling, and then down to a pulley fixed in the middle of the other mans table. From there the rope was fixed to a ball stretcher, a one inch thick metal ring secured around the other man's scrotum. A second rope was attached the other way round: from the second man's wrists to the first man's balls. A pull downward with the wrist cuffs resulted in a tug downward on the opponent's balls, which leads naturally to bending the knees to lessen the tension, thus pulling the arms down leading to a pull on the first mans scrotum.
"Try to move as little as possible. Beware your own balls are on stake here, so an uncontrolled movement will cost you dearly!" an assistant advised.
The trick was to reach some sort of an equilibrium, which in itself was troublesome because the ropes were really set leaving not much room for error. In the end it was an exercise in persistence of keeping the arms up high, en route stretching the scrotum to weird proportions. A fine example of ball torture...
Meanwhile my own balls had gotten enough of their torture. The stretching had lasted quite some time now. Finally Sam freed me from the painful ball bruiser. She calmed my scrotum down with a nice massage using some soothing oil. Then she fitted me with a cock sling. The cock sling is a tight fitting thick cock ring worn around both the cock and the scrotum. A triangular formed tongue-like bulging pointing backwards massages the perineum, the sensitive area between the scrotum and the anus. This gives a constant sensation of being held firmly at the base of your cock, meanwhile presenting your package nicely forward. The massaging helps keeping you warmed up, and enhances the feeling of randiness.
Finally, like most men I was fitted with a crown cap. This devilish hood was fitted to measure, enclosing the glans with a snug fit. A small little plug within the cap was forced into the urethral opening. In the process some lubricant was squirted into the urethra through the plug, securing a smooth and sure passage. Like magic my cock began to glow and tingle and twist through both a suction applied to the glans by the hood as well as a stimulus applied from within by the little peg. I don't know what it is exactly what the plug does, but it surely manages to give the dick an amazing treatment swelling it up considerably and forcing a colossal throbbing hard-on. The device, small as it appears, actually is an ingenious powerful wonder of science. As well as producing a huge erection, it manages to maintain this and keep you on the brink of sexual bliss for a very long time. Build-in sensors, both internal and external, do a magnificent job in reading the state of arousal and adjust the settings accordingly.
Samantha showed me all its wonders, including the leakage ducts to accommodate the ejaculate flow after an orgasm. The apparatus even came with an absorption system to catch the sperm if so required. The handling of the device is done by a remote control. Walking around naked your cock has a mushroom like bumb at its end. After the weekend I wore the device several times, even underneath my clothes during normal working hours at the office. It's a wonder of lewdness.
To conclude the workshop a female volunteer was gagged and tied up hogtied-style. For demonstration purposes. She was put on top of a table, her belly down, her butt up in the air. After shutting her up with a ball-gag, her head was pulled up with a nose clamp. The clamp had two hooks which were put into her nostrils. Attached to the clamp was a rope which went over her head to her back, where it was bound onto a big surgical steel hook which was put into her butthole. The length of the rope was such that she had to keep both her head and butt sticking up high in the air. Her wrists and her elbows were tied together, the arms behind her back. Her legs were solidly bound together as well, the lower leg firmly against the upper leg, bent double at the knees, leaving her feet against her butt. Then the knees were pulled out off each other with ropes which were tied to the back legs of the table.
The arse up in the air with one hole stuffed left the other hole open to our viewing pleasures. Besides this all the others present were invited to caress her cunt, to measure her wetness, to diddle her clit. Our ministrations left the poor girl panting from arousal. After about half an hour of this even a light touch made her winch and pulling on her ropes.
The ball gag was replaced with a whitehead gag, a mouth spreader, leaving her mouth open gaping wide. Combined with the nose clamp this made her eyes tear open wide, as if she was begging for our seed. The girls were then asked to keep fingering her cunt. The men were asked to feed her with their cocks. The men who could no longer control themselves were allowed to shoot their sperm into her gaping mouth. Not only her mouth was filled, but also her nostrils, leaving the girl well soiled with hot spunk all over her face and hair.
After this interesting workshop, I had my crown cap replaced and the settings put to mild, ensuring a gradual but slow build-up of sexual tension, priming me for the events to come.
After lunch Em and Jennifer went off with Sam and Mel to a fitting session. The resort provided the girls with a similar gadget as the crown cap. The female variant encapsulated the clitoris and the outer labia. For a perfect fit the covering was custom made. A mould was made from which the cap was cast, thus ensuring a perfect fit. The gadget is a vacuum pump, vibrator and suction device in one. The cover is made from some transparent synthetic material. Inside the cover is a small orifice which encases the clit itself. This tube like detail sucks itself in place securely before starting to work on its prisoner. Meanwhile a protruding plug is inserted into the vagina, filling the love canal up and massaging its walls from within. A special corded section ensures stimulating of the g-spot. As with the male crown cap this female apparatus is fitted out with sensors to keep track of the induced effects.
After installing the thing Em and I exchanged our remotes and adjusted our new gadgets to a mild but constant buzzing to help keeping us warmed up.
The rest of the afternoon was filled with light action, including relaxing at the poolside, and exchanging experiences with our neighbours Jennifer and Daniel and the PA's Sam and Mel.
To be continued ...