It had been a beautiful day, sunny and very warm. Beth and I decided to have an after supper coffee. She was wearing a sleeveless robin egg blue dress with buttons from hem to neck, no panties or bra. When we arrived, I went inside and got coffee for both of us. I brought it out to the truck and moved to a corner parking spot on the side of the building. We were out of sight from most of the other customers and access to the highway was behind us a hundred feet or so and to the right was an incline up about ten feet before the sidewalk and then the street.
I put the windows down on all four doors which allowed a gentle warm breeze to blow through and when I looked at Beth, she raised her coffee to take a sip and I realized that the first three buttons of her dress were undone. She had her knees slightly spread and her blonde haired pussy exposed. When she finished taking a sip of coffee, she turned her head to see if I had noticed the unbuttoned dress. Seeing me looking at her open legs, she asked me, "Do you like the view?"
Well of course I did, who wouldn't like seeing a lovely blonde haired pussy? We chatted and continued to drink our coffee and from time to time, Beth would reach down to leisurely run her fingers through her pussy hair and sometimes slide a finger inside. Her actions and the view had my cock rock hard and like her, I would reach down to rub and adjust the lump in my shorts. With her coffee finished, she placed the empty cup into the cup holder before unbuttoning another button. She removed her sandles and then put her right foot on the dash and lifted her left leg to stretch it across the center console so her foot could rub my leg.
A little adjustment of her ass in the seat and she appeared comfortable. Her hairy pussy was fully exposed to me now and she started to rub herself in ernest with her right hand so I could see each stroke of her fingers on her pussy. She reached up with her left hand to unbutton the top three buttons to expose her lovely 34b breasts. This only left two buttons to go before she was completely exposed. Not to have her masturbating alone, I unzipped my shorts and pushed my underwear down to free my cock. Seeing my cock out and being stroked, Beth used her left hand to caress her exposed breasts and pinch her erect nipples.
Watching her rub and play with her tits, I stroked at a leisurely pace and enjoyed the pleasure I was giving myself and the fantastic view I had in the seat next to me. The thrill of exposing herself allowed her orgasm to happen quickly and as she climaxed, her foot pushed against my leg in sync to the waves of pleasure coursing through her body. She wasn't able to stiffle her moans. The first words out of her mouth since she started rubbing was "Oh fuck, that was just what I needed! Now I can take a little longer for the next one."
Taking my eyes off her fabulous nearly naked body, I let my eyes take in the parking lot. I noticed a guy sitting on the grass on the incline drinking a coffee. Focusing on him, I saw blue jeans, green T-shirt and grayish sneakers. He looked to be a little older than us but not much. "Honey, there's a guy on the side of the hill over there. Do you think he would like to watch you rub your pussy?"
"Can you get his attention? If he comes over, I'll ask him.
A quick tap on the horn got him to look at the truck and when he glanced in our direction, Beth stuck her arm out the window and waved him over. As he walked the short distance to the truck, Beth sat upright in her seat and covered up by pulling her dress closed but didn't button it. I put my cock back in my shorts and zipped up. He said "hi" at the window and wondered what she wanted.
Beth started off by saying "hi" back and then explained that she wanted him to watch her masturbate and if he agreed to do as she said, he could watch and maybe she would let him touch her. He quickly agreed and she reached down on the side and fumbled a bit before finding the lever to allow her to recline the back of the seat. With both hands, she undid the last two buttons and pulled the dress open. There was a sudden loud intake of breath and a gasp before the stranger mutter "Oh fuck, you're gorgeous! What a fabulous body. You have great tits and I love your hairy pussy!"
Hearing this, Beth put both feet on the dash and bent her knees outward to provide a wide open view of her now wet hairy pussy. She reached down with her right hand and started rubbing between her legs before sliding her index and middle fingers inside. While the stranger watched, she finger fucked herself. Looking up at him, she asked "Do you like what I'm doing? Am I getting your cock hard?"
"You sure are he replied! I'd like to show you just how hard!"
"I want you to show me how hard your cock is."
I couldn't see if he took his cock out and neither could Beth so she decided to open her door to look. The stranger took a step back and once the door was open, he took a step forward. I reached up and switched the dome light off so we wouldn't draw attention from anyone else. I saw him fumbling with both hands to free his cock. Beth reached out toward the stranger and said "Ooohhh, I did make your cock hard! I'll tell you what, if you jerk off for me, you can play with my tits and pinch my nipples."
The stranger turned a bit to his left and with my wife watching, he grabbed his cock with his left hand and my wife's right tit with his right hand. Beth watched him jerking his cock and went back to rubbing and fingering her wet cunt. "You have a nice cock. I want you to let me know when you're going to cum. "
Watching what they were doing, I took my cock back out and firmly gripping it, started jerking as well, after all, why should they have all the fun?
I could see the stranger's left arm moving while his right hand roamed back and forth from one bare breast to the other. Beth was watching what he was doing with his left hand while she rubbed and used her index and middle fingers to fuck herself. "You make sure you let me know when you are going to cum because I want you to shoot your load on my tits. 😜 😘 You can use the side step. I want you to play with my nipples and pinch them for me!"
Playing with her tits always got her wet and horny. There have been more than a few occasions that she has been brought to orgasms just by having her tits and nipples played with. The stranger started pinching her nipples causing her to moan and rub faster. Her breathing increased and I knew it wasn't going to be much longer before she came. "Pinch my nipples harder!! I'm going to cum!"
The stranger stepped up onto the side step and now I could see him furiously jerking his stiff cock which was pointed towards Beth's tits. Knowing that I was close, I used my free hand to remove the lid from my coffee cup before lifting it so I could use it to catch my cum at just the right time. With what I could see, I was torn between watching my nearly naked wife finger fucking her pussy and a stranger jerking his cock for her. Who was going to cum first? Did I want to watch Beth climax or should I watch the stranger shoot cum on her tits?? Of course I wanted to do both!
The decision was taken away as I watched the first gob of cum shoot out of the end of his cock and land on Beth's chin. That was all it took to push her over the edge and her orgasm ripped through her body causing her ass to bounce in the seat. Moans of pleasure accompanied her orgasm. The second gob of cum struck just to the right of her left nipple. The third hit dead center in the valley between her naked tits. I didn't see how many more gobs of cum were shot or where they landed because I was preoccupied with the intensity of my orgasm and making sure everything went into the coffee cup.
When I looked over, the stranger had stepped back down but before he could zipper up, my wife told him to feel how wet she was and as the fingers of his right hand moved through her hairy pubic mound, she let a moan escape from her lips. "I don't think you can tell how wet I am just by running your fingers in my hair. You were naughty and made a mess on my tits but that is exactly what I wanted so your reward is you can finger fuck me.
Our horny stranger wasted no time putting two fingers into her pussy and rapidly moving them in and out. My wife's right hand moved down and she started rubbing circles over her clitoris while she was being finger fucked. She was moaning in pleasure and encouraged the stranger to fuck her harder and faster. He obliged and I could see his left arm moving again. I just watched and enjoyed the view. Neither the stranger or my wife lasted very long before orgasms shot through them.
The stranger thanked my wife for letting him watch and finger fuck her as he zippered up his jeans. Before he turned to walk away, he closed the door and reached through the open window to pinch her right nipple. "I'm sure glad I came for coffee tonight he said as he walked away. I hope you two cum for coffee again."
My wife took stock of the mess on her chest and went about cleaning the gobs of cum up using the fingers of her right hand. She directed her attention to the cum on her chin first and using a finger, pushed the gob into her mouth and licked the rest off. She repeated this action for each spot on her still nearly naked body and when she tackled the nineth spot, I started to realize just how much cum had come out of the stranger.
With the cum cleaned up, she reached down and pulled the lever to put the seat up. Looking at me she said, " O.M.G. I can't believe how fantastic that was! You need to get me home quick and fuck me!
I handed her my coffee cup saying, "I saved you something. "
Beth took the cup, looked inside and immediately lifted the cup to her lips and drained the contents. She rolled my cum around in her mouth before swallowing and then leaning over to kiss me deeply. "I think you just came up with a new flavor of coffee, cum flavor. It could be a big hit and there might be lots of volunteers to lend a hand to collect it."
We put our seat belts on to head home. A pleasant surprise was my wife not rebuttoning her dress and she seemed to be sticking her tits out a little more than usual. I don't know if anyone saw her tits because I was preoccupied by getting us home quickly. Once parked at the end of the driveway, she got out with her sandle straps through her right fingers. She leisurely strolled to the kitchen door. Her dress blew as she walked and I was treated to a quick glimpse of her bare ass before she made the turn to head to the kitchen door and go inside.
I walked through the door into the kitchen just in time to see her remove her dress and drop it onto the table. She put her upper body on the dress and wiggled her lovely ass back and forth in front of me. I dropped my shorts and pulled my underwear off before stepping behind her and shoving my cock into an extremely wet hot cunt. There wasn't anything gentle about this coupling, it was quite simply a furious fucking with the goal of having an orgasm as quickly as possible.
The encounter with a stranger while satisfying beyond belief, hadn't completely satisfied us so fucking her on the kitchen table was going to take care of that. The brutal pounding I was giving my wife was fantastic. She was wetter then ever and her pussy gripped my cock with velvet lips demanding that I fill her with cum. We didn't last ten minutes before we experienced wonderful, fantastic, explosive orgasms.
As we caught our breath, standing in the kitchen, Beth looked at me and said," You need to take me for coffee after supper more often!!!!"