I woke up Saturday to a ringing phone.
"Hello."
Sarah was chipper, "Hey baby!"
"Uh hey babe."
"You still asleep?"
"Yeah sorry, what time is it?"
"Almost ten your time."
I sat up looking at my clock, "What? Really?"
Sarah was laughing, "Yeah sleepy head. That must have been one hell of a hand job."
I was still waking up trying to get my head clear.
"You did get something last night, didn't you?"
"Umm..."
Sarah was laughing till she snorted. "I hope you did anyways."
"Babe it was."
"Sarah cut me off. Don't want details just a yes or no."
"Yes."
"Oh god yes! So hot!"
"You're serious aren't babe?"
"Fuck yes. Marry me Dave!"
I damn near passed out, we had skirted marriage so many times. We both wanted to but were both afraid to agree to it. Mainly because we both knew how bad my parents' marriage was.
"Sarah don't play."
"I'm not. I want us to get married when I get back."
"I do too baby. I really do too."
I heard Sarah tell her mom or dad or both. "He said yes!"
It was Kathy because I heard her say, "Girl I told you and it's about damn time."
"I sooooo love you baby," Sarah sounded so happy.
"I do you too... But after last night you still wa."
"Fuck yes I do, and it doesn't change anything. I still want you to and to tell me all about it when I get home." I heard someone say something in the background and Sarah respond. "OK."
"Mom says check your phone."
I checked and nearly dropped my phone. Kathy in a bubble bath, her platinum hair up in a loose bun, suds covering just her nipples. Another taken down her smooth body just a hint of hair poking through the water and she sexy legs and painted toes out of the water.
"Well say something silly."
"Um. Fucking WOW!"
"He likes them mom." I could hear them both laughing.
"I guess if we are getting married someday, I need to quit sending your mom," Sarah cut me off again.
"No you don't and no she doesn't. Nothing changes, I want it all to continue. Getting this all out in the open, makes me feel free and ready baby."
"You still want me to...? With your mom?"
"Balls deep and fill her full of that delicious seed."
I laughed, "who are you and what did you do with my fiancé?"
"Mmm I love the sound of fiancé. Like I said, I guess being away allowed me to open up to you about thoughts I been having."
"Well you opening up has made me think too."
"Oh about?"
"Maybe some couple swinging."
"Oh wow! Are you sure? I mean I will if you want, but I'd rather it stay just us and maybe a third for now."
"Well it's there if you want it someday."
"Love you David."
"Love you Sarah."
"Now I'm in my room stud, you better get me off," she gave that bedroom giggle that sprung my cock to life.
We had a great phone sex session her cumming a few times and me blowing a load on my chest. We sweet talked one another a while.
"You sure you don't want any details babe?"
"Ummm I do... When I get home and you are balls deep in me. You better have lots of juicy cum filled stories when I get home."
I was laughing, "I really can't believe all this."
"Believe it. Oh, we will be there on the 17th dad says. That gives you fifteen days to get a bunch of juicy cum filled stories for me, get all you can baby. You also better be ready to take care of two hot blonds also."
"Come on babe, I mean your dad knows."
"Well yeah, mom isn't going to cheat on him silly."
"Uh, well yeah... I never thought about it that way, but still him knowing... I don't know."
"He will probably want to watch too."
"Oh hell babe. Wait too?"
"Yeah I wanna watch."
"Geesh babe, I don't know all this is... I don't know."
"I'm sure we can discuss it while in bed when I get home," Sarah added that giggle that drives me crazy, I knew then she would convince me once she had me in bed.
I text Kathy when we got off the phone asking if she could get me Sarah's ring size and keep it a secret. Kathy already knew a size 6. I had asked could I call hermomsince we were getting married. Her answer was she had always wanted me to but wanted me to come to that decision on my own.
I called a friend Sergeant Jake Grimes to see if he had any ins with a jewelry store that was still opening with all this social distancing crap.
Sergeant Grimes helped off duty cops get security gigs to supplement income, so he had a pulse on what was going on all over. He knew a local mom and pop jewelry store that was opening a few hours a day and only letting four customers in at a time.
Arriving at the Golden Locket I found only three other patrons inside. The owner, Mr. Casey, took care of me himself. Mr. Casey and Sergeant Grimes were old high school friends, so I got the friend treatment with the owner. I found out from Mr. Casey, that I did not really know what I was looking for and text Kathy to see if she could talk and she could. I found out Sarah like the Princess cut. Appropriate for my Princess.
I sent Kathy pictures of three rings for her advice without the price tag. I did not want to that to be a factor that she might choose a cheaper one. So with her help I bought a Princess cut Neil Lane 2 CT TW engagement ring. Luckily, I had been squirrelling away money for this day for a long time, close to ten years. With the friend discount Mr. Casey insisted I accept I walked out for just a hair under five thousand dollars.
Now that I had the ring and a willing woman, I needed to officially ask her dad. Yeah, I know it was a whole bunch of cart before the horse, but Sarah sprung this on me, we would always both agreed to wait so I had never asked Terry for her hand. But I would the fist night they were here.
I grabbed a quick take home lunch from a local sushi restaurant headed home to eat. The rest of the day I spent mowing, weed eating, and edging the yard. I kept a sharp eye out of every car or woman in her yard, those checking their mail and everyone I saw. I was trying to figure you who my mystery woman was.
I spent a bit of time in the backyard cleaning the grill and smoker too seeing who went down the trail during the day. Most rather they drove by in the front, checked their mail or jogged by on the trail waved and smiled. Most everyone in our neighborhood were nice folks, and I was fucking one of them.
I made sure I was showered and watched the clock till 11:00 heading out on trail and to the bench that had become the sexual haven with this mystery goddess. Shortly after tying the scarf around my eyes I was greeted by her.
Her lips by my ear from behind kissing my ear. "You ready handsome?"
"Yes ma'am."
"Mmmm," she purred. "I love a yes ma'am. So sweet and sexy."
Once again, she sat straddle of my lap her lips against mine. "You get hard so quick."
"Must be the lovely lady on my lap."
Her lips met mine soft, warm tongue finding mine dancing together slowly. God, she tasted so good. My hands found her firm ass covered in yoga pants. I was grateful she did not push them away. Our kisses continued soft yet firm and passionate as my hands slowly made their way to her breasts.
"Yes," she purred her whispered as my hands found ample breasts on her trim frame. I had felt enough to know she worked out and was in nice shape. Firm in the right spots soft in the right spots.
"I want you cock sweetie."
"Yes," I moaned into her kiss.
My mystery lady left my lap, I waited wondering a few seconds what she was doing till I felt her yank my shorts down, my cock flapping up to him my stomach. I felt her stand legs on either side of mine, lean in and kiss me. Her hand reached down pulling my cock up and running my swollen head across her wet pussy lips.
"God yes," I groaned and pushed up a little as she lowered her pussy pushing the head in causing us both to gasp.
"Fuck," she moaned. "So fat."
I held her hips and helped her slowly lower her pussy down the shaft of my cock. About halfway in I felt her forehead lean against mine.
"Deeper," she whimpered. I took over and lowered her slowly down my cock till I felt it bury and hit her cervix.
Laying against me us just enjoying the deep penetration, her lips found mine again when she got used to the thickness. She started slowly up and down. Our kisses picked up speed and passion as her orgasm built and built till her grunted, groaned and yelped.
"Oh god," loud enough it kind of echoed off the trees behind us causing me to grab her hips harder and lift my ass of the bench high as I could.
She almost lost her balance falling against me catching herself with one arm on my chest. I tried my best to push my cock through her. She took the hint her feet finding the bench helping her grind my hard cock into her burning hot pussy and squirted. I could feel it covering me and I wanted so much to be on top and pound her, but I eased back down to the bench and let her body shiver from the aftershocks as I wrapped her in my arms.
Once she came down, "you are such a naughty boy," she whispered. "When is Sarah coming home."
"About two weeks."
"So we have two weeks if you want to continue."
"Of course I do, and she knows and loves the idea."
"Oh that's hot, my hubby does too."
I felt that knot in my stomach. "He does?"
"Yes. He wants your cum in my pussy when I go home."
"Well let's not disappoint him," I said pushing her up right.
She giggled and started riding my again. "So naughty," she whispered again, and she rode higher and faster.
Once again, her pussy tightened, and her orgasm started. I held her hips holding her up and pounded into her till she came again, and I started.
Dropping to the bench when the first rope fired, she took over and fucked my cock hard me moaning as her expert pussy walls milked my cock for every drop of cum. Just as the last rope fired, she came again.
Laying against my chest us both panting, I kissed her the top of her head. "I'd love to spend a night in the bed with you Ms. Mystery."
"Mmm-hmmm me too. Maybe when Sarah gets back, we could all have some fun."
"I'd like that, and I think she would too. Are you going to tell me who you are or let me see you?"
"Not yet," she said kissing my lips. "Can you cum back to back?"
"Yes, you want to go again?"
"Not tonight. I can meet again Thursday if you want."
"I do."
"Be prepared to go twice then stud," Her lips met mine, soft and firm, wet and deep. A kiss that seemed to last forever.
"No peeking now."
"No ma'am."
"See your Thursday and be prepared for a surprise."
"Oh another one?"
"Oh yes baby a really big surprise."
She got off me, my half soft cock sliding from her cum soaked pussy.
"Gonna let hubby fuck you when you get home."
She leaned to my ear again. "Only after he eats my pussy. See ya stud. Remember no peeking."
"See you mystery goddess."
I heard her jog off and waited till I had given her plenty of time to disappear and headed home ready for Thursday. Sarah was right, there would be plenty of cum stories by the time she got home.