A body reawakened: the watcher
It might be helpful to read my first short story of the same name to get some context for this one.
Jack was on a high. Fifty lengths of the pool and he felt great. As a researcher in the university he often needed to find a way to release pent up energy. His job was tedious at times, but necessary to work his way up the ladder. He had a master's degree and was working as a researcher to help towards his PhD. Working out and clearing his head was non-negotiable, he needed it. Although, he thought with a smutty grin, there were also better ways to work up a sweat. It was heading towards dusk when he left the building housing the pool and the gym. The setting sun cast long shadows against the buildings.
He needed to grab his laptop from the office he shared with two other researchers. Jack sauntered over to his office building. At 6 ft 4, he was aware that he attracted admiring glances wherever he went. From men and women alike. Another smutty grin as he remembered the sidelong glances he received as he was climbing out of the pool. A quick check of his swimming trunks would have given anyone a good indication of the size of his package, Large. Jack had had that type of attention for a long time. Sometimes it was a little too easy.
He was 25 and young and fit. A veritable Adonis, with that V shape running down from his hips that signalled how fit and in shape he was. A sexy road-sign to what may lie further south. A body that looked like it had been sculpted from stone. Thanks to so many hours working out at the gym he had abs that were the envy of many. Smooth tanned skin, piercing blue/green eyes. He had his pick of the young women on campus, Jack was sick of those demanding, over dramatic young things. As a young guy he wanted the freedom to sow his wild oats and experiment. He hadn't had sex in a little while, maybe 2 weeks. Plenty of masturbating and porn though. Another smutty grin.
As he entered his building and ran up the stairs his thoughts became occupied with his plans for the weekend and remembering to grab his laptop charger. He was vaguely aware of the building being very quiet. He arrived at his office, he didn't bother turning on a light, and absentmindedly started to grab his laptop and charger. As he was putting them in their bag, he glanced out the window. It took his brain several seconds to process what he had seen, as he went straight back to gathering his things together before the message reached his brain that he had seen a woman as he glanced out the window. His brain doubted what he had seen, had he seen a flash of skin and something gleaming in the half light. He dropped his laptop on his desk and slowly walked over to the window.
Yes, he had seen it. A woman was sitting on a chair, in an office, masturbating, enthusiastically. Instantly Jack felt his cock go hard. This woman was hot. Older than he was, maybe mid to late 30's. In the fading light, it looked like she had long dark hair, maybe brown or black. Jack could see that her breasts were full and round. The fabric of her dress straining against them. She was wearing a light-coloured dress which was hitched up to her pussy. Her head was thrown back and she was fingering herself. Her hips were grinding to her rhythm. He was transfixed by her obvious pleasure in what she was doing.
Jack could feel his precum begin to ooze. He undid his belt and zipper and freed his massive erection. The translucent liquid was beginning to seep out and dripped down his cock. He was so turned on. This woman was the epitome of carnal lust. Jack wrapped his hand around his thick shaft. He began to work his hard cock. At 8 inches it was quite the sight. He started slow and was just beginning to get into it when he froze. He had glanced up and was met with two eyes open wide with shock. He imagined how he must look. Trousers open and hanging down. Huge erect penis in his hand with precum now freely flowing. No denying that he had been fapping while watching this hot woman pleasuring herself. He was about to panic when the woman's whole demeanour changed. She lay back further in her chair and spread her legs wide. Jack could see everything. He must have been only 6 or 7 yards away from her across the tiny courtyard.
The exit signs were casting a yellowish hue to the room. He could see her, all of her. She was into it. She had pulled her breasts free from their bra. Her nipples were dark red and standing to attention. She was squeezing and pulling them. Jack wanted to take her hard, red nipples in his mouth and suck them until she screamed with pleasure. This was the hottest thing he had ever seen. He had asked many times for women he was dating to masturbate for him, none took him up on it. It was so erotic. He could see her vagina and she was filling it and stretching it with her fingers. The illumination from the exit sign was casting a glow in just the right spot for him to see how wet she was. He wanted to lap at those juices. Nothing sexier than a woman's hot arousal all over your face. She locked eyes with him again.
Christ, he thought, he was going to come soon. He was so hard and so horny. He really wanted to bury his cock in her pussy. She was ripe for it. He wanted her to fuck him with her mouth too. Those luscious red lips locked around his hard shaft. The thought of it was making him stroke his cock faster. Holy Fuck, he thought, this woman is the hottest damn thing he had ever seen. While looking straight at him, she had pulled her fingers out of her pussy and was licking each finger like it was the best tasting ice cream that she ever had. Her pink tongue licked up the sides of her fingers. She poked each finger into her mouth and then sucked them, hard. He could imagine her licking his cum off his cock. He wanted to see her face as he shot his load into her mouth. Jack sent a prayer of thanks heavenwards, to whoever was up there, that might be listening, that he was witness to this carnal treat.
He watched her circle her clit. Jack ran his hand up and down his cock, servicing himself faster. His hard on could cut diamonds. He was close. He watched the woman; he could tell she was close. He wanted to watch her orgasm. But he also wanted to feel her body tighten and come around his big hard cock. And then she began to tremble and shudder. She looked like she had electricity racing through her body. She went back to her pussy. Jack couldn't believe it; he was witnessing this woman having a multiple orgasm. She threw her head back and her mouth was wide open. Jack increased his speed again and at last found his release. He came so hard. "Fuck" he thought, cum shot out of his cock and hit the wall under the window. He was breathless. He leaned against the window to steady himself. He didn't think he had ever been so turned on in his life. He cock was sore with want. He looked over at her again.
He heard a sound and instantly moved back into the shadows of his office. He could still see her. She heard it too. She looked towards where he had been standing seconds earlier, she couldn't see him. He watched her collect up her things and leave. Only when he was sure she had left did he tidy himself up and grab his laptop. One thing was for certain. He was going to do that again. And with her. He walked around the building and found the office she had been in, with her name on the door. He was going to have some fun with this he thought. He began hatching his erotic plan as he made his way home.