THE PERFORMANCE - CHAPTER SIXTEEN
The events of the entire day and night had been draining for both Tom and Cate, and they were looking forward to de-stressing in the sumptuously appointed suite that Jason and his company were generous enough to provide. It was a pleasure to finally have some private time together and relax.
When they finally settled into the room that evening after the group grope in the theatre, (and the Jason hallway conversation), the first order of business was room service. Having missed dinner, both were famished, and so a late evening meal was in order. While waiting for their food, Cate took the opportunity to strip out of her by now infamous meet-and-greet outfit, divest herself of the heavy stage makeup, and take a long, hot, cleansing shower. She emerged from the bathroom sparkling clean, sweet-smelling, freshly shaved, and feeling like a whole new woman. Tom soaked in the sight before him and again thanked whichever deity blessed him with the good fortune to deserve the love of this remarkable lady. As usual, she looked positively breathtaking. Her outfit was delightfully provocative. She was bare-breasted in high-heeled mules and a negligible thong under a black, transparent, long-sleeved peignoir, that featured a marabou collar. The elegant, floor-length negligee was a prized possession from her vast collection of vintage lingerie, and was pretty much wide open down the centre at the front, with only a single closure at the waist to keep it together.
Tom let out a low, quiet wolf whistle when she appeared. "Now that's a beautiful spectacle right there," he said.
"Thank you. There was no way I was going to pack half of my wardrobe to ensure I had enough choices and leave this baby at home," she said, doing a slow, sensual spin. "I know how you love this one, so I made sure to bring it just for you, my love. You're pleased, I'm guessing?"
"Very. You look thoroughly delicious."
Her shapely, nude body was clearly visible through the diaphanous garment and Tom could not help but stare in appreciation. Her luscious breasts wobbled with every move she made and her microscopic undies did little to hide her nether region. The thong barely covered her prominent, bald mons and her ass cheeks were perfectly bare and on display. When room service knocked at the door, the couple looked at each other and grinned.
"You or me?" Cate asked, looking at her hubby wide-eyed and with raised brows.
"What do you think?" Tom replied, smirking and gesturing to the door with his chin.
Cate sighed dramatically and sauntered towards the door. "You'd think you'd have gotten your fill of showing me off tonight for gawd's sake. You are turning me into quite the shameless floozy, and I think I am embracing the role quite well, don't you?" she asked, teasingly. "Well, let's see who we have here."
Cate swung the door open, exposing her near-naked self to the handsome youth from across the threshold. Fortunately, he was a healthy young specimen with a stout heart, or his shock may have precipitated an incident requiring the need for immediate medical assistance. He stood momentarily frozen in place and did a very accurate impression of a deer caught in the headlights as he gaped at the vision standing before him. Cate broke the spell by inviting him into the room and indicating that he put the trays on the table near the window. He made a valiant and gentlemanly effort to refrain from gawking at the magnificent beauty before him, but it proved impossible to not yield to the temptation. He couldn't help but steal the occasional furtive glance at the all-but-nude woman, as he was seeing to his task. As the young man made to withdraw, Cate escorted him to the door and tried to hand him some cash as a tip for his service.
"Thank you, but I can't accept that ma'am. Every charge for this room has been looked after and that includes any and all gratuities. Oh, but I should have asked, would you like me to open that champagne for you? It would be my pleasure," he said gesturing to the bottle on the table while trying desperately not to stare at the conspicuous, and essentially bare mounds under Cate's peignoir. A battle he found himself losing.
"No, thank you. We won't be drinking that. If I can't tip you with cash, then perhaps you could take the bottle as a token of our appreciation, and share it with someone special," she said pointing to it. The movement prompted her sizeable tits to do beautiful, eye-catching things under the transparent nightgown, and that again did not go unnoticed by the fortunate young man.
"I'm afraid I can't do that either ma'am. It would get me fired for sure if someone were to find out. But if I may be so bold, having the opportunity to visit this suite and be of service to you, and your husband, is more than gratuity enough for me. I truly hope I haven't overstepped my bounds by saying that." said the attendant, still trying desperately to keep his eyes on hers and not on her tits.
Tom merely remained seated and watched the exchange with an amused look on his face.
"No, you haven't in the slightest, and I appreciate you saying that," Cate said. "You are a very nice, respectful, and professional young man. Now, I don't mean to embarrass you or make you feel uncomfortable but I couldn't help but notice that you seem to have a healthy appreciation for my breasts. I suppose I could have dressed in something a little more modest to answer the door in, but if I'm being perfectly honest, I love the attention I get from showing off the girls, so please, don't feel bad or guilty for looking. I really do want to give you something in return for your excellent service and polite manner, so if you have your phone on you, why don't you stand beside me and take a selfie or two of us together. That is if it won't get you in trouble with your girlfriend."
"Oh no. I don't have a girlfriend to get in trouble with, so that is not a factor. Thank you," he said. " If you're sure it would be all right, I would love that. I would consider it an honour and count myself very lucky."
Cate reached out and pulled the young man close up against her right side. She then undid the closure that was holding the gown together in the front and it spread open, leaving her breasts totally uncovered. She took his left arm and put it all the way around her waist and told him to hold her tight while he stretched out his right arm to take the photo with his phone. After he snapped the first shot, Cate looked over her shoulder at her husband who was still watching the proceedings and raised her brows at him. He shrugged his shoulders, smiled, and nodded his approval at her unspoken question. Cate twisted her body slightly to the left so that she could take the young man's hand and move it under her heavy boob. She positioned his hand so that it was cupping her breast with his fingers and his thumb was near her hard, thick nipple.
"Go ahead, give it a squeeze. It's okay. I want you to feel it. He's fine with it too," She whispered to him, motioning her head slightly towards Tom. "Take a couple of pictures of us while you cup my boob. Pinch the nipple if you can reach it."
The young man closed his hand around her soft, hanging breast and was able to tease her nipple with a back and forth movement of his thumb, sending little jolts of pleasure through Cate's body, while snapping off a few more shots with his phone. He then moved away from her and took the two steps to the door.
"Thank you so much for that," said the young man. "That was a huge thrill for me and I will forever treasure the photos. I will leave you to your evening and bid you both bon appétit and a very pleasant night."
"And a very good night to you young man," Cate said throatily, giving her delectable globes a little wobble again for the bellman's benefit.
And then with a slight bow, he left the room, closing the door gently behind him.
"What a lovely young man. I'm pleased that at the very least he got a good eyeful of the twins and a nice little feel, and I hope the pictures can be of use to him sometime," Cate said with a smirk. "Are you proud of me baby? Do you like the new, shameless hussy you've turned me into?"
"More than I can tell you," answered Tom. "You are indeed perfection. And you made that young man's night. Mine as well."
"Oh, you haven't seen anything yet. Dessert is going to be unforgettable," Cate laughed.
Dinner was delicious and very welcome. They didn't realize how hungry they were until food was put before them, and they ate ravenously.
Afterwards, they had sex. Hot, passionate, satisfying sex.
Tom went down on her again, helping her to reach a glorious orgasm. She bucked and writhed and was more vocal than he could ever remember her being. He was very adept with his lips, tongue and fingers. He knew her hot spots, what she liked, how hard or soft to apply pressure, and to where. At one point in the proceedings, they tried to get his semi-rigid penis to penetrate her, and even though she was sopping wet and open, it wasn't really working to either's satisfaction. They quickly bailed on the idea and went back to their tried and true methods. His fingers firmly stroked and rubbed her G spot while his lips and tongue worked their magic on her stiff, pearly nub. His other hand was busy teasing and torturing her marble-sized nipples. He occasionally removed his mouth from her clit to deliver firm little slaps to her hot, slick mound and fleshy hood. She groaned with delight and shoved her pelvis up to meet the measured blows that he delivered to her steamy sex. The back and forth from his smacks to the action of his tongue, helped to quickly drive her onward to bliss. They were totally unconcerned that her enthusiastic yelps of passion could likely be heard in the hall and the adjoining rooms, as she attained heights of ecstasy.
And then it was Cate's turn to make good on the promise she made to Tom in the dressing room. And make good on it she did.
She gave him a mind-boggling, world-class blowjob. It was sexy, sloppy, dirty and perfect. He sat on the bed while she took up her favourite position on her knees between his legs. She used one of her hands to fondle and squeeze his heavy balls while the other busied itself stroking the moist crease between her legs. She rapidly bobbed her head, making slurpy, sucking sounds, and taking his cock deep into her hungry mouth. Cate was in full porn star, cocksucker mode, and was purposefully being overly sloppy and drooly for Tom's amusement. The voyeur in him loved watching her from this point of view and he never tired of it. He often filmed her sucking his cock and wished his phone was close by so that he could capture some of this raunchy spectacle to view later.
She turned the act into a lascivious performance for him. Groaning, licking, sucking, jerking and fondling with lots of deliberate, dreamy eye contact. Saliva drooled down from her lips to her naked, heaving tits in stringy rivulets, as she slobbered over the length of his semi-erect cock. She took it deep, savouring the feel of his spongey mushroom head sliding over the back of her tongue. Cate had always been an enthusiastic fellatrix but this session was beyond anything Tom had experienced from her in all their time together. When he finally exploded from her spirited oral endeavours and finished vibrating, she opened her mouth to show her tongue obscenely playing with his semen and then made a lewd display of swallowing his load with a noisy gulp. She opened her mouth wide to show him that it was empty and smiled a triumphant smile at him. They both laughed at the porn movie cliche but Tom had to admit that deep down...he had loved it.
He questioned whether Cate's especially energetic exuberance was a byproduct of her libidinous sexual performances, and how they had utterly adrenalized her. Especially the last one. She had been totally ablaze with sexual hunger. It was with complete disbelief that he had watched her actually play with herself on stage in front of twelve horny strangers. Well, eleven horny strangers if you didn't count Sinclair. And then, to go a step further, she passively encouraged them all to manhandle her while posing for selfies after the show. It was all outrageously exhibitive, blatantly sexual, and exquisitely exhilarating. He found himself getting horny just reliving it in his head.
Tom had so many questions for her. He desperately wanted to ask her what drove her to crash through her boundaries and go so far beyond her usual limits. He needed to know how she felt when she succumbed to the pawing and groping by the men, and what made her so eager to interact with them the way she did. But he decided all that could wait. They would do a post-mortem and re-cap of the highlights when they got home. It all went beyond his wildest dreams but he hoped it was something that would continue to flourish within her.
And then they both fell into a deep, restful, well-deserved sleep.