It had been a little over a month since Madison played the dice game. At first, it was exciting to her to be exposed as she had been. Over time, though, Madison found that she was no longer getting a rush out of just having her pictures posted on the web site. She remembered how it felt to roll those dice - the rush she got, the adrenaline, the pounding chest. She had been so horny! She had the best orgasm of her life!
As the days had gone by, though, she found that she was no longer getting off to her exposure - she was getting off to a fantasy. Ever since she had done that dare, she had fantasized about full and complete exposure. It was a hot fantasy, her name and everything plastered all over those pictures. She fantasized about googling her own name and finding nude pictures of herself. "Webslut Madison Holt wants to be exposed! She asked for this!" the captions would say.
Her fantasies seemed to come at the worst time too - in class, when she was with her friends, when she was out. She would start to fantasize that everyone there had seen her nude and knew that she was a slut for exposure, that she wanted her pictures spread around from website to website and that there would never be any taking it back. Madison fantasized about being ruined.
Of course, the sensible side of her told her it was a crazy idea, and that she was crazy for wanting it. She knew that, if her fantasies ever became real, she might not be able to get a job or have anything resembling a normal life. She would be completely humiliated. And the humiliation - well, it made her insatiably horny. There was a part of her that wanted the "good girl" life - a husband, kids, a job teaching in school. But there was a part of her that wanted to be shown off and humiliated before the entire world. When she was calm, she could easily say no, but when she was aroused, there was not telling what she might do to get that orgasm she needed.
Madison had a bad day that day, about a month after her dice game. Her professor had yelled at her for not paying attention, the battery in her car died, and one of her good friends was mad at her because she heard Madison had made out with her ex-boyfriend. Of course, she didn't but that didn't matter. She sat down in her apartment and drifted off to dreamland. "Webslut Madision Holt!" was all she could think about. It was all she could ever be. It was all she needed. She needed relief. She craved that feeling of intense anxiety, her entire future in the hands of a couple of cubes with dots on them. She couldn't help herself - she was going to do it again.
She went online to a website where people talk about those sorts of things, and started to write a post. "I want to play a game," read the title. She explained the game, and explained that she wanted someone to help her with it. She didn't want to post the pictures herself, but wanted someone else to do it so that it would be out of her control. She assured the reader that she really wanted it, and that she got off to the idea and fantasized about it like crazy. She then said she would make a video with her dice rolls to prove that she wasn't cheating. As quickly as she typed the post, she sent it off into cyberspace.
The next day was Saturday, and Madison awoke late in the morning as usual. She checked for replies. The first couple didn't really seem interesting - just a guy looking for nude pictures and a guy wanting to meet her. "Fuck that," she said. Then she read another one - for some reason it caught her eye.
"Hi there. I just want to say I think what you are doing is very arousing. So I have an idea - I'm willing to help you out. But under one condition - I need you to prove that you are old enough to be doing this, and that you really want it. So take a couple of pictures for me, one of your drivers' license and another of you nude, with 'please expose me' written on your stomach in lipstick, and I will help you. This kind of stuff is risky for me as well as for you and, if you are serious about this, I am too - I just want to make sure that you are real."
Madison quickly knew she had found her match. The first thing she did was to take a shower, knowing that she wanted to look good for her pictures in case any of this actually worked. She then wrote 'please expose me' on her stomach, found her license, and took the pictures.
"Hi, yes, I am real, and I definitely want this," she wrote back.
A couple hours later, she got a reply. "Okay," he said, "Then go ahead and roll, send me the video and the pictures you take when you are done."
Madison took a deep breath. Her Saturday just got much more interesting. She sat down again on her bed, knowing that by the end of the day, her pictures could be spread around to the far corners of the internet. She couldn't help but touch herself a little at the thought. Having already washed the words off of her stomach, Madison was ready to roll. She stripped off her clothes and started her webcam.
"Hi, um, I'm - well, actually, I - I don't have to say my name yet, I guess. I'm ummm - oh, my god, I'm super horny right now! I actually - I'm making this video because I'm doing a little game today - a really risky game. I, um - I fantasize about being exposed all over - with my name, and all my information, being turned into a dirty little webslut, ohhhh" Madison began to touch herself as she spoke.
"I, umm, I get turned on, like, really turned on, by the thought of having my pictures and my name all over the internet, I - I like, I google my name and all I see are naked pictures, and then everybody I know finds out and - oh my god, I am such a slut for wanting this. Ohhhh, I'm such a little slut." Madison was touching herself again.
"So I'm going to roll dice and it's going to tell me a few things - like how many pictures to take and whether I'll have to share my name with all of you, and anything else about me. I know - this - this could like, ruin me," she said. "Like, I want you to know that I - I want it, I want to be exposed, I want to be turned into a webslut, ohhhhh God, I crave it, it - I want my pictures all over the internet! I want you to - ohhhh, please, take them and ruin me, ruin my reputation, ohhhh, I need this so much!" She was full-on fingering herself now as she spoke these words.
Madison knew that if she didn't stop fingering herself and start rolling, she'd never get done. So she stopped, licked her fingers seductively, and started to explain the game.
"Okay, so the first roll is - how many pictures I will be taking," she said. "So not a hugely risky roll." She grabbed the dice and threw them in a shoebox on her bed. "Four," she said, holding up the die. "So I'll be taking six pictures. Ohhh, this makes me so excited, like, my heart is throbbing right now, just the thought of what I'm doing - being exposed with my name, ohhhh."
"Next roll - I might have to do something, like write on my body. I might even have to - to - write my name - I'd be totally fucking ruined, ohhhh, god, this is so fucking - I can't take this, I want it, but I don't - like, I need to - be exposed but like, oh my god, just the risk," she said. She was touching herself again. "I'm like, shaking - I could, like, ruin my life, and it's so fucking hot I can't take it." It was true - in the video, her hands could be seen shaking. She rolled again. "Five - oh, oh my god, I have to write my name, fuck, I need this!" She was touching herself and shaking all over out of excitement. She had literally never been more turned on.
"My name," she said as she looked into the camera, "is Madison Holt. And I want you nasty fuckers to ruin me. Humiliate me. Make me regret this, because you're going to - to make me cum. I want to be ruined. I want to never be able to take it back. I am Madison Holt, and I am a webslut. Please, please pass me around and post my pictures on every website you can think of. Please, spread me around - expose me - so I can never take it back - I want the whole world to know I'm a slut."
Madison had to lie there for a moment and calm down before she managed to get the lipstick out and write "Madison Holt" on her upper stomach, and the word "slut" on her lower stomach just above her pussy. Moving quickly, still shaking, she picked up the die again.
"Next roll, will I have to show my face or not? Actually, this one could save me, I like - maybe my name will be out there but not my face, so - you know - that's not quite as bad. Or, not quite as good. I mean, you see - what this does to me - I kind of want it, like, bad." Madison quickly rolled again. "Face, I do have to show my face - oh, my, god. I am so fucking ruined. And I love it."
"Okay, I'm getting super horny so I'm going to go quick - I'm going to roll to see what pictures I have to take." Madison threw two dice. "First picture, front upper body - so yeah, I'm fucked," she said. She smiled, knowing it was all but over, but that she wanted to be even more fucked than she already was.
"Second picture - ohhhh, full frontal, so you guys get a couple of me with the name and everything. And the third, a close up of my pussy." She picked up the dice again. Three down, three to go. "On all fours from the side," she announced. "And five - on all fours showing my asshole. One more." She rolled again. "Fingering myself. Ohhh my god this is so fucking hot - I'm like - ohhhhh, I fucking need this!"
Madison walked away from the webcam and started taking pictures with her phone - first a selfie from the word "slut" upward, then a full frontal, then a pussy picture. She set a timer and took a picture of herself from the side, and then from behind, and finished it all off by ramming four fingers in her swollen pussy and taking a picture for all to see. "Ohhh, yes, I want you to use these and jack off to them. Call me a slut. Spread them around. Send me a naughty message and tell me what a slut I am, and most of all, I want you to make me famous."
"The next roll - ohhhh, another good one! This one tells me whether I have to post my name, city, or other information with the pictures. So, like, I'm already pretty much ruined here, which is totally hot, and awesome, but - I could be even more ruined. How hot would that be? Do you want to ruin me? Please say you will run me. I want this," Madison said, seductively. "Okay, here's the roll, I'm still shaking, this is like, the last normal night of my life," she said. Quickly she rolled the die. "Oh. My. God. I got a four, and that means you get pretty much everything - so, okay. Here goes."
Madison took a deep breath. She knew the next words would completely ruin her, even more than before, and that she would be out there forever as a webslut. More importantly, she knew that her antics would be tied to her actual name, her actual person, by the information she was about to give. If there was ever a moment of reluctance, this was it, so Madison took another deep breath and proceeded to destroy herself forever.
"I'm Madison Holt, I'm from Naperville, Illinois, I'm twenty-one years old, and my email address is - actually, I'm going to make a new one. Let me check and see if it's available." Quickly, Madison went about setting up an e-mail account. "Okay, my new e-mail is webslutmadison at xmail dot com. So there. You have what you need. Ruin me."
"Actually, I'm done rolling. I'm ruined, I'm happy, I'm horny, and I want you to watch me fuck myself and see how - ohhhh, how good it feels to be spread around and used and turned into a webslut." Madison started fingering herself, and then went over to the drawer, grabbed her biggest dildo, and thrust it into her pussy on her bed in front of the webcam.
"I don't need to roll - I know my pictures will be on a million websites, and I want them up forever. So there, ohhhh, please do that. Please do that for me. I'm webslut Madison Holt and I want to be posted everywhere, I want to lose control, I want everyone to know what a slut I am." Madison was already on the cusp of orgasm, pounding her pussy furiously.
See what this does to me? See what being a ruined, humiliated, exposed slut does to me? Ohhhhh god, it makes me cum, I need it! Please, everyone, pass me around and ruin me! Please, just post me everywhere! Ohhhh god I need this! Make me a slut. Make me a bigger slut. Make me a whore. Just use me, fucking ruin me, please! So I can never take it back! Oh, yessss, fuck, I'm such a slut! I'm so - so worhtless - so - ruined - ohhhh, and I'm such a slut I love it! I want this, please fuck me up, please ruin - please - so I can never take it back, ever, ever, ohhhhhhh! I'M A SLUT! RUIN MY LIFE!" Madison moaned as she fucked herself with the dildo, and an orgasm ripped through her body.
Madison's orgasm was so intense she almost passed out. She laid on the bed, her dildo still in her pussy, for a long moment, before she turned to the camera one last time. "Please, I'm serious, I hope you see how much I need this and actually do it - My name is Madison Holt, and I am a webslut. I am Madison Holt, and I belong to the internet."
With that, Madison closed the webcam. She saved the video and sent it, along with the pictures, to the guy from the website. She did so quickly, before she could change her mind, before ration and reason got the best of her. Although she paused briefly, hovering that finger over the 'send' button, knowing that her life was still at least a little bit in her own hands, she hit send. She knew that once she did so, the photos and the video were no longer in her control. Briefly, she considered just making the whole thing a never-ending fantasy, but in the end she wanted it to be a never ending reality.