After a tough day, I like to unwind and switch off by going for a long walk. My wife is rarely interested in joining me as she much prefers to get her exercise-kick at the local gym.
Luckily for me my walks are brightened up by two things. The first is the great British countryside which I can explore to my hearts content within a few minutes from my home and the second is a young lady dog-walker who I have met recently whilst out on my walks.
Whilst I walk I rarely see other people as the coastal path near where I live is expansive and I can often walk for a few hours without seeing another soul. I like to follow the costal path which zig-zags in and out of the woods along the cliff tops. It's a mixture of sea views and woodland. As its so quiet, I was surprised when for a few days in a row last week, I walked past a very attractive young lady walking her little dog.
She is petite and stands approximately 5'4" with long blonde hair which has a wavy curl and bright sparkling green eyes (which are a weakness for me). The first time I saw her she was dressed in knee-high black boots, black tights, an above the knee, black, green and red tartan skirt, a bight red roll neck sweeter and a light-weight black leather jacket. The main thing though, that immediately caught my eye and captivated me, was her freckles. I have always been a sucker for women with freckles. When she smiled at me her her little button nose wrinkled up and her freckles were beautiful.
After a few days of seeing each other we progressed to saying 'hello' and I joked by a few seconds later as we passed one another by saying 'goodbye' and then she would chirp cheerful, "see you tomorrow". It became a little routine that I enjoyed and she, at least, tolerated.
Inwardly I felt like a fool at how much I was would look forward to seeing her each day.
It had been a while since such a fine-looking young lady had paid me such attention. At 43 I was not in bad shape and my wife would often say that I still looked good and that she was proud to have me on her arm. I generally had no trouble attracting women of my own age but my mysterious dog-walking friend was much younger then me; probably only in her mid to late twenties.
The next day, as usual I set off for my walk. I followed the same route hoping that I might, once again, see my dog-walking new-friend.
I didn't have to wait long because as I turned right onto the woodland path that carved and weaved in and out of the woods and traced along the top coastal road I spotted her in the distance and I blushed at how pleased I was to see her. My excitement grew as I thought she was calling out to me but as I got a closer I could hear that she was actually calling 'Gunner' and she was rather agitated.
Once I was close enough to her I asked if everything was ok, and I could see that she was upset and looking very frantic. She told me through her tears, that her dog had managed to tangle himself in his lead and when she'd attempted to untie him he'd slipped from her and run off into the scrubland.
Her tears fell heavily as she told me she'd been searching for him for fifteen minutes already and that she thought he might have chased a rabbit down a hole and got stuck or fallen off the cliffs. I did my best to calm her and said that I was sure that wasn't likely and that I'd happily help to look for Gunner. She thanked me and said that she'd go left off the path if I took the right. We set off to search.
I searched for a few minutes energetically calling out his name and moving deeper into the woods. I was far enough away that I could no longer hear her calling out and I began wondering how long I might spend looking for this strangers dog. I called again, albeit I was starting to lose hope. To my surprise and delight, Gunner came happily bounding out of the trees towards me. I gave him a friendly scratch on the head and quickly slide my fingers under his collar.
He trotted happily along beside me as I quickly turned and made my way back towards the path.
In no time, I was back on the path and I was soon able to find the young lady. She spotted me, or more likely, Gunner, from a distance away and almost sprinted out of the woods towards us. She was both ecstatic and yet sobbing. The relief on her face was palpable. She fell to her knees and hugged and kissed the dog. (I felt a little jealous).
After a few moments she slipped his lead back on him and stood back up. She thanked me profusely and told me that she would have 'just died, if she'd lost him'.
I garbled something about it being 'no problem' and that I was 'glad to help' but when she said, "However, can I repay you?" My raised eyebrows and my 'dirty old man' grin made her laugh and playfully punch me on my shoulder. (Which I secretly enjoyed).
To my surprise however, she asked again. "What can I do to thank you?" Her question had an undoubtedly inference. It was strangely worded. The usual response or wording would be, 'You must let me thank you?' Or even, 'However, can I thank you?' But she had asked, 'What can I DO to thank you?'
I was conscious that I was now taking too long to answer her question. I was clearly thinking about what she could 'do' to thank me, and, I had little chance in thinking that she might be so nice as to not know that I was thinking about sex. Lots of sex. Lots of sticky, naked undressed sex. Sex with her.
In, what was becoming a little panic, I blurted out, ruining all my chances in one foul sweep, "I don't think that a beautiful young lady like you, should be asking a married man like me, what you can do to thank me. As I'm probably going to say something awkward and uncomfortable".
Oh no. What a twat. What a sad old fool I was. Not only had I been awkward and uncomfortable, but I told her that I was being awkward and uncomfortable. Plus, I'd told her that I was married and that I was much older than her. Well my work was clearly done I told myself. I should just say goodbye and walk home, crawl under my duvet and stay there for approximately, forever!
God what a berk!
But whilst I was recoiling inside and running my personal monolog to confirm that I am in fact a complete tosser my lady friend was standing smiling at me.
I mumbled an apology, not knowing how long it had been since I just made the crude remark and was taken aback when she said "oh you're married are you? What fun".
No embarrassing comment from me this time. Just silence. Just dumb, staring, saying nothing, silence.
My friend reached down and grabbed my hand and pulled me as she stepped off the path again. She had the dog lead in one hand and my hand in the other and she was walking, leading me into the woods.
I followed along without saying a word, and if I'm totally honest, not really knowing what the fuck was happening.
As we reached the tree line and entered the woods she stopped and tied her little dogs' lead to a low hanging branch. She took my hand again and lead me a few more steps into the woods. We could still see Gunner and easily see the path stretching out in both directions.
Awkwardly, I asked, "Is everything ok?" And she replied with a soft and reassuring, "shhhhh, I have to thank you for finding Gunner".
As she said it she dropped to her knees in front of me. At first I thought she'd stumbled or fallen (yes, I am a fool) and I reached out as if to help her. But when she reached up and began to unfasten my belt buckle it began to dawn on me, what was happening.
Everything felt a little blurry and my head started to swim. My friend, who I then realised, I did not even know her name, opened my trousers and pulled them down firmly and fully to my ankles. She then came back for my underwear, which she also pulled down firmly and fully.
I was very conscious that in the sunshine, I was stood barely off the woodland path with my trousers and underwear around my ankles. I was about to protest when she took me confidently into her hand wrapping her fingers around my cock. Then she clasped her soft wet lips over the bell of my cock and sucked me in deep into her mouth. She swallowed my member into her throat in one movement and until her lips were flat against body and my entire eight and a half inches were inside her.
My cock had sprung into life as soon as the cool breeze had hit my exposed member and was I nearly fully erect as she took me into her hand. By the time my dick touched her tongue I was at full mast.
To say that someone was a master-cock-sucker might sound disrespectful or imply that they have loose morals but I say this now, and as a compliment. She drained my balls into her mouth in no more than 45 seconds.
My (very special) new friend, this lady with no name; did something with her throat and tongue that I had not experienced before. I think that the warm breeze on my bare backside heightened the sensation and made the contrast of the heat of her mouth against the afternoon sea-breeze feel electric. She swallowed my cock down into her throat and used her tongue to rub my shaft which she pumped in and out of her mouth. The wetness of her mouth and the pressure of her lips was to much for me. She cupped my balls with her right hand and slid her left hand around my back which she used to press me deeper into her throat.
She pulled me in and out using her hand on my back and thrusting her head back and forward gliding my cock deep into her mouth. I pressed my hand on her head to steady myself as my legs began to shake under me.
She raked her fingernails across my balls inflicting the slightest of pain and with only the lightest of pumps of her fingers on my balls I twitched and felt my cum rising. I instinctively pulled back and groaned that I was about to cum.
When my wife sucked my dick it was very well known to me that I was not allowed to finish in her mouth. However, my new friend responded to my warning by pulling me deeper still, into her mouth and as my first jet of hot seed erupted she eagerly swallowed it down.
She swallowed every drop of cum I had to offer and sucked hard to drain me pumping my balls with her hand. She also licked my helmet and shaft to ensure she got everything I'd offered.
She licked her lips and savoured my taste in her mouth before standing to face me.
I reached down and pulled up my trousers. My friend let out an impressive little burp and giggled saying that "swallowing cum always makes me burp".
She turned and stepped away back towards Gunner and released him from the tree. I followed her rather sheepishly.
She thanked me again for finding Gunner and as she turned and started to walk away she called cheerfully over her shoulder 'see you tomorrow'.
I stood frozen to the spot. My brain was whirling and not able to fully register what had just happened. It all felt rather surreal and I was already doubting myself if it had really happen or if I'd just imaged the whole thing. The only reassurance that I had was that my half flaccid cock felt wet in my jeans and I could feel the last drips of cum leaking from my dick and wetting my underwear.
I stood and watched her walking away for a few moments longer and until I could muster then sensibility to move from the spot where I was fixed. As I turned and stared to walk away back home I couldn't help but reply the events over in my mind.
That evening whilst lying in bed with Carly, I had excitedly told her what had happened. Carly greatly enjoyed the story and when I'd got to the part with the kneeling down and undoing my belt buckle, she'd stopped me and made me start the whole story over again once she'd removed her jeans and she'd pushed my face between her legs. I'd given her a step-by-step account of my experience whist she ground her pussy against my face, washing me with her juices.
The next day I was a little apprehensive about going for my walk so whilst lying in bed, I'd asked Carly to make sure that she was ok with me potentially 'going walking' again when she said that she was 'totally ok with it' I'd even stressed that I meant that 'is she ok if it happened again?'
Again, she confirmed that she was cool with it and that we'd always had a sexually provocative relationship and that the rule remains that as long as there are no secrets then no-one gets hurts. As if I needed some reassurance Carly had grab my semi-hard cock hard and sunk her fingernails into my shaft and growled playfully through gritted teeth "no secrets, OK?"
I winched and promised. She released her grip slightly and started to massage my shaft, up and down, which grew in response. Once I was hard I reached out for her sliding my hand between her legs which she quickly snapped closed on my hand whilst at the same time releasing my cock from her grip. I asked what was going on and she playful answer "I'm just getting you ready for your friend". With that she slid out of bed and trotted off to the shower leaving me hard and wanting and watching her naked figure move across our bedroom!
I was not surprised when I left the house a few hours later and headed toward the woods to see Carly follow me. I used my phone to 'track her phone' and was excited that Carly was sticking close behind. She'd always liked to 'watch' and I'd hoped that she would be intrigued enough to want to see what might happen next with my dog walking friend.
As I passed through the woods and out onto the longest stretch of the coastal path I was disappointed to see the path was empty. Nonetheless, I carried on walking, following the path zigzagging in and out of the woods and enjoying the warm summer sea breeze.
After a few minutes I heard a little whistle and turned in the direction of the noise. It took a few moments for me to see where the noise was coming from and I happily spotted that my friend was sitting on the grass just inside the tree line. She was waving for me to come over.
I smiled and glanced back along the path where I could see Carly a little way back in the distance. I made a point of moving slowly towards the trees so that Carly could hopefully see where I was going.
As I reached my friend, I could see that she had laid out a panic blanket on the grass and was enjoying the sunshine but using the trees to shelter from the breeze.
She patted the rug next to her indicating that I should sit. Which I did.
I was excited to see her dressed more casually than yesterday. She had on a pink flowery summer dress. She was sat with her legs and feet folded underneath her. Her blonde hair was covering her shoulders and a pair of flip-flops placed next to her picnic basket which looked to contain only a bottle champagne.
She pulled the champagne from the basket next to her and asked if I'd like a drink. I smiled and said yes please. This is when it got interesting.
My nameless friend rocked forward and freed her legs from underneath her bottom. She then placed her feet outstretched in-front of her, facing me and with her knees slightly bent. She leant backward slightly steadying herself with her left arm behind her and with her right hand she lifted her dress up and placed the hem of the skirt between her teeth. As she did this she opened her legs and as her dress rode upwards she revealed the tops of her milky thighs and also the fact that she wasn't wearing any underwear. Her dress was pulled up so far that I could see her flat stomach and sexy little belly button. She then proceeded to slowly and seductively pour the champagne on her belly allowing it to flow down onto her perfectly smooth, shaven pussy. As the liquid started to flow she whispered softly 'I thought you wanted a drink. Lick it up'.
I did not need to be asked twice. Forgetting for a moment our exposed, outdoor location, I dived my head between her legs. The fizzy bubbles hit my tongue at the same moment that my tongue slid between her soft pussy lips. The mixture of the sweet liquid with her own slightly salty love juices were electric. I instinctively lifted her legs to allow better access and I toppled her backwards. I heard her giggle as she dropped the bottle to her side as she rolled flat onto her back with her legs up. I pressed my hands firmly onto her thighs spreading her legs wide and opening her pussy allowing me maximum access to her hot wetness. I worked my tongue on her hard and deep pressing my face into her warmth.
I slipped my hands around and underneath her arse cheeks which fitted perfectly, one into each of my hands. I lifted her upwards and again probed my tongue deeper into her sucking at her lips and inner pussy flesh. I drew her folds deep into my mouth and whirled the ribbons of her inner labia with my tongue.
I looked up to her face without removing my mouth from her and enjoyed seeing her head rolling backwards in pleasure. Excitingly, I also saw Carly on the path staring at us. She was grinning with her eyes wide and when she saw that I was looking at her she mouthed the words "Wow" and "fucking hell".
With my sexy wife now watching I doubled my intensity and I increased the tempo of my tongue in and out of my friend. I watched Carly move along the path and then into the woods a short distance up. I lost track of where she was for a few moments until she reappeared behind a tree just a few meters away to my left.
I'd moved my hands to my friends thighs and I pressed her upwards, rolling her on her back and up almost onto her shoulders and so that her bottom was off the blanket which allowed me to slip my tongue downwards and to find the tight little knot of her bottom opening. I paused for a brief moment and placed my nose against her anus and slowly drew in her scent. I love the smell of a women's arse and my new friends musk was heavenly. I kissed her opening softly at first but was unable to restrain myself for long and quickly plunged my tongue inside her.
I think she was a little shocked and pressed back against me but I held her firmly where I wanted her. I worked my tongue in and out of her back passage. I licked all around her hole and pressed my nose far into her peach-star, enjoying her musky essence. I moved my right hand onto her pussy and pressed my thumb into her soaking slit whilst using my fingers on her clitoris.
She knew what she liked and ran her hands up her stomach pushing her dress further upwards so that it was almost around her neck. I loved that she was almost completely naked and she took each of her breasts firmly, one into each hand. He boobs were full but firm and sat up on her chest. From my lower position between her legs I watched as she massaged her tits roughly in her hands, rolling her pink nipples between her thumb and fingers.
I could see Carly who had moved almost completely out from behind the tree. She had pulled her panties down to her knees and was stood with her feet apart and her knees slightly bent. She was frantically rubbing her pussy with her right hand whilst hold up her dress with her left and watching our show.
I could feel my friend ebbing close to an orgasm so I allowed her some comfort. I lowered her legs and moved around so that I was kneeling next to her but I kept my face buried into her lap. I worked my tongue back on her pussy and licked and kissed her clit whilst working three fingers in and out of her soaking hole. I upped the tempo of my fingers and pumped them into her harder and faster.
Her orgasm came fast now and she arched her back upward while grabbing my head and pressing my face deep into her wetness. She wrapped her fingers in my hair and scratched her fingernails against my scalp. It stung me with a gratifying pleasure. Recognising her desire for a pain stimulus I returned the pain compliment by using my teeth on her clit to pinch her bud. This slight pain was the nudge she needed to help her orgasm come and she bucked up and down grinding her pussy into my face. She spasmed and shook and moaned to loudly, for our exposed location. After a few moments she calmed slightly and flopped resting back onto the blanket whilst panting heavily.
I looked up at Carly who in response to my friends frenzied climax was also making herself cum on her fingers. She did very well to stiffly her noise but her legs shook hard and I watched her flood out juices as she 'wet-came' hard emptying her bladder in gushes onto her knickers that were stretched between her knees and soaking the warm grass below. She reach out and held the tree to stop herself from falling over in the wake of her orgasm. I was not surprised to watch Carlys soaking hand instinctively rise up from her pouring pussy and into her mouth for her to lick and suck her love juices from her fingers. (She always drunk her juices, a naughty habit from adolescence).
As Carlys orgasm subsided I watched her quietly remove her soaking underwear and press the soaked fabric to her nose and mouth. I knew what she was doing as it was a regular behaviour from my naughty wife. She was inhaling her own scent and whilst sucking the wetness from the material. Once finished she through the finished-with underwear away into the shrubbery and slid quietly back behind the tree and then covertly away into woods and back towards to the path.
My dog-walker had regained her composure now and started to sit up. She placed the bottle back into the basket and stood up which I copied. She straightened her dress and slipped her feet into her shoes and she lifted the blanket and folded it neatly into the basket.
I took this as indication that we had finished and in a clumsy and awkward voice said, "I don't even know your name?"
She smiled and leaned in and kissed me. Just once, firmly on the lips. She smiled again and said "why do you need to know my name." As she spoke, she turned and started to walk back towards the path. I followed behind and when she reached the path she turned in her direction without looking back at me. I watched her as she walked away. I didn't know if I was supposed to say anything but before I had a chance and when she was about ten feet away she called cheerful over her shoulder 'see you tomorrow and maybe tomorrow your wife might like to actually come over and join us?'
I ran home.
***
It takes a long time to write these stories and I enjoy doing it but I really want to hear your thoughts and comments.
If I, got you off, please take a few moments to tell me about it.
This is an original story by Inhales Deeply