Ann sighed and threw herself against the sofa cushions.
"What's wrong?" he asked.
"Bored!" Her mouth curling into a pout he knew so well. "When will this rain ever stop? Two days and stuck in the house!"
"You want to go out?" Jack asked.
"I would fucking love too! What do you think I have been saying?"
Jack looked over at her for a long moment, smiled to himself, got up and left the room.
"Typical!" Ann muttered to herself "Just leave me here alone."
She got up and flicked through the CDs chose some thumping rock and then settled back down to have a good sulk.
Jack wandered back into the room and sat down, staring straight at Ann, not breaking her gaze for a second.
She stared back unsure if her punishment would come from keeping his stare or looking away. She knew this game; 2 years of living with a dominant man had taught her when she had pushed him too far.
"You really are a stroppy slut Ann!"
She dropped her gaze then and could feel her clit swelling just from his use of the word 'slut'.
"All day you have acted like you WANT to be punished, all you had to do is ask little one!"
"Now, go upstairs and put on the clothes laid out on the bed. Nothing else, do you understand?"
"Yes!" she replied and stood up.
As she walked past him he caught her by the wrist.
"Don't make it worse for yourself, slut! Yes what?"
"Yes Sir." she replied hanging her head.
"You have exactly 4 minutes to change. Understand?"
"Yes Sir."
Then what are you standing there for? GO!"
Exactly 4 minutes later she came carefully down the stairs wondering what the hell she was in for.
She was dressed exactly in what was laid out. A white tee shirt that stretched tight over her 38e tits, the material not doing much to hide her dark hardening nipples. It was just long enough to cover her pussy if she pulled the hem a little.
The only other items were pair of white lace hold up stockings and 4 inch stilettos, also in white.
As she walked into the lounge Jack was just finishing loading a cassette into the video camera.
He raked his eyes up and down her taking in her hard nipples and barely covered pussy.
"You shaved this morning slut?"
"Yes Sir."
"Show me!"
Ann slowly lifted the hem of the tee shirt letting him see her bare mound.
"Good girl! Now you were complaining that you wanted to go out?"
"Yes Sir." Ann wondered what the hell he was talking about. Go out in this torrential rain? Was he out of his mind?
Jack pushed open the patio doors and lifted the camera to point at her.
"Go on then, out you go!" he said grinning at her.
"You have got to be joking!" She could not think of anything worse then going out into the rain sodden garden.
"Do I ever joke about punishment Ann?" he snarled at her "This is to teach you a lesson slut. You will not be a sassy bitch quite so often after this! Now, get out arse out there! I want you to sit on the chair with your knees together and lean back slightly."
Ann lifted her head up and strutted past him, knowing there was no way that she could defy him ever.
She stepped into the garden, her heels sinking into the mud, aware of the blinking red eye of the camera following her every move.
The freezing cold rain deluged down on her. She turned and sat on the chair as instructed and leant back.
Almost immediately she was soaked through. The tee shirt turning transparent and clinging to her tits and stomach, her nipples like pebbles with the freezing water.
He let her sit like that for what felt like hours, the water running down her face making her mascara run.
"My whore! Look how wonderful you look soaking wet!"
The camera panned right down her from her face lingering over her tits and down to her pussy.
"Spread your legs slut let the camera see your shaved cunt."
Ann opened her legs slowly feeling the rain start to hit her cunt lips.
"Beautiful! Now, hook one leg over the arm of the chair and lean back a little more."
This opened her cunt wide and Jack focused the camera so he could zoom in and watch the water pound on her exposed slit.
"Tell me how you feel whore!" Jack demanded.
Ann struggled to get the words out through her chattering teeth.
"Cold Sir and very exposed."
"Well I think we need to warm you up then. Stand up bitch!"
She stood shoulders back, hands by her side, and head up, the way he taught when he was first training her.
"We are being watched slut; the man opposite is making no attempt to hide himself. I think we should let him see what I own."
Ann went to turn, scarlet with embarrassment.
"Oh no not yet slut!" he stopped her.
"Spread your legs!"
She moved her right leg struggling in the mud her thighs spreading.
"Good! Now bend from the waist, hands flat on the floor!"
She did as instructed knowing that this way her cunt would be wide open for the neighbour to see.
"Good, now stay like that I will return shortly."
He left her there, cunt exposed to the world, thighs screaming at trying to maintain the position.
"Good girl!" he said when he finally returned "you may stand."
She stood upright knowing better than to close her thighs.
"Here, catch!" he said as something went whizzing over her head landing in the muddy grass.
"Oh dear," he laughed "you will have to go and fetch! On your knees like a good bitch and crawl to them!"
She got onto her knees, feeling the mud start to cake her and crawled over to the 2 objects in the grass. Nipples clamps!
"Pick them up in your mouth little bitch and then drop them on the chair."
As she struggled to pick them up, her face getting covered in mud, Jack zoomed the camera onto her exposed arse, loving the fact that her cunt was staying open of its own accord now.
She crawled back to the chair and dropped the clamps there then turned to look at him.
"Good, now stand up! I think it's time that tee shirt was gone. Make it a good show Ann; let the man see what a cheap stripper looks like!"
She took the hem of the shirt and slowly pulled it up over her midriff, then pulled it tight over her tits leaning forward slightly letting them sway.
"Good girl now take the fucking thing off!"
She smiled at his impatience and then lifted it higher letting her hands cover her nipples briefly then pulled it over her head and let it drop to the floor.
His eyes devoured her nipples watching the water run off them.
"Pull your nipples Ann, hard and away from your body."
She ran her hands over her breasts and caught both her nipples between her thumb and forefinger pulling them out.
"Now, twist them bitch, I know you can take the pain!"
She twisted hard on them and cried out as the sensation shot all the way to her cunt.
"God girl, just the way you like it eh? Now turn around so the man can see those amazing tits. Don't let go of your nipples!"
She turned slowly and looked over at the window at the end of the garden making eye contact with the man who was now casually stroking his cock, watching the show.
"Lick your nipples slut; let him see what a good whore you are for me."
She lifted her tits to her mouth and started lapping at her nipples making her tongue hard and pointed.
"Now bite them, feel the pain from it Ann! Does it make you feel good that you have him wanking over you? What do you think? Should I invite him over and let him have you?"
Jack smiled to himself as he saw the shudder go down her back at that thought, as if he would ever let any other man touch this beautiful woman he owned!
"Now Ann, turn back to me and sit on the chair, keep your legs apart, I want to be able to see your cunt at all times."
She sat down, legs open and her hands resting palm down on her knees.
"Good! Now I think we should clamp those gorgeous nipples! Left one first, make it as hard as you can with your fingers and then I want you to let the clamp spring on. Don't be gentle baby I know you can handle it!"
The clamp sprang back and she cried out with the pain.
"Good girl, now the other one."
She rolled her right nipple between her fingers and thought about how far they had come. Who would have thought that someone as feminist as her could allow herself to submit to a man. Only Jack had every recognised this in her. From the first day they met on the train he knew that this is what she craved. An over achiever by day and his whore by night!
She looked over to him and uncannily he read her mind.
"Not such the big boss lady now, whore, are you? Right nipple bitch! Stop stalling, you are only making it worse for yourself!"
She let the clamp close over her nipple and cried so loud she thought she would alert the whole neighbourhood.
As the pain subsided she felt her clit twitch. She knew that her cunt was slick, her juices starting to drip onto the chair. God, but she needed to touch herself and soon.
"Right Ann, I think you should take those muddy stockings off!"
She did as instructed feeling totally exposed as she removed the last piece of clothing now matter how thin they were.
"Ok, now put one of them around your neck."
She looked at him wondering if he had totally lost the plot!
"Go on Ann, do it!"
She slung the muddy stocking round her neck like a scarf.
"Now my wonderful slut I want you to hook it through the left clamp."
She did as instructed and tied it off through the ring on the clamp
"Pull the stocking tight Ann then I want it tied off to the other clamp."
She pulled on the stocking.
"Tighter bitch!"
She finally tied off the stocking to the other clamp leaning forward to stop the clamps from pulling too hard.
"Wonderful my slut, now sit up straight, shoulders back!"
She sat up slowly the stocking pulling the clamps up lifting her tits into the air. The clamps straining on her nipples.
She screamed out, her heavy tits being suspended in the air just by her nipples.
"How is the pain slut?"
"Oh god wonderful Sir!" she managed to gasp out.
"Can you feel it all the way to your cunt?"
"God yes Sir."
"And I suppose you want to cum now do you?"
"Oh god yes please Sir, right now!"
"You do know you have to beg me for it slut! This is for my pleasure not yours and I want to hear you beg!"
She gazed imploringly at him.
"Please Sir, please let your whore rub herself to orgasm, I so want to put my fingers in my cunt and rub my clit, I need to Sir, please do not deny me it. I promise not to sulk again if you would only allow me to cum this one time."
"So you do not care that you are being watched? In fact you naughty little slut I think it is turning you on even more!"
"God it is, it is turning me on knowing he is wanking himself off watching me!"
"I will let you cum my little whore but on my terms! Ok!"
"Yes Sir, anyway you want as long as you please please please let me cum."
Jack looked at the woman he owned, controlled and adored. She looked so fucking horny soaking wet, tits suspended from the clamps, cunt soaking wet and he decided to let her have her wish.
"Ok baby I will let you cum, right, now stand up and lean over the chair. I want your arse in the air, legs open and cunt on display to me!"
She did as he asked spreading her legs wide, feeling the eye of the camera on her arse and exposed wet cunt.
"Go on slut, you want to cum, it is all yours now! But make it good for the camera. I am going to let you watch this later whilst you cum a second time."
Ann slid her hand over her arse and then slipped one finger in her wet cunt. She could feel her muscles contract around it and the wet juices making her finger slick.
She rubbed her thumb over her clit as she slipped a second finger into her cunt. She could feel her orgasm starting to build, her breathing getting heavier.
"That's it you beautiful whore make yourself cum, I want to see you fucking yourself hard with your fingers!"
She slid a third finger into her cunt, her thumb rubbing hard against her clit as she started fucking herself. Sliding her fingers in and out faster and faster fucking herself hard.
As her orgasm crashed over her she screamed out feeling her juices gushing out of her cunt down her arm.
She fell forward over the chair gasping to get her breath back, every nerve ending in her body tingling.
"My wonderful wonderful whore!" she heard Jack whisper from just behind her.
She turned to look at him and he wrapped a towel around her kissing her softly on the forehead as he led her back inside to the warmth of the house.