This story is a prequel to my earlier story about A threesome aboard our boat in France.
It's also a true story but some of the names have been changed.
My wife Verity (Vee) and I had been able to retire very early. I had received an unexpected inheritance when an aunt passed away. At the same time, an old friend from school (the smartest kid in a very smart school) needed some funds for a startup software business he had developed. I invested in the business in exchange for a 25% interest and after leaving the army after serving 12 years, I joined the company at a very good salary. The real payoff came however, 8 years later when we sold the business to a giant American IT company (you all know this company).
Vee and I were able to invest our share and live very comfortably from the returns.
We decided to travel for at least a few years and purchased a 42 foot fibreglass motor cruiser in Portsmouth, England. We cruised it down the English Channel coastline, stopping for a few days in Brighton, Dover and Ramsgate before heading up the Thames and into London. We berthed at Chelsea Marina with the intention of staying for a month.
While in London we had an incredible time doing all of the usual tourist things, changing of the guard, visiting palaces and museums, shopping at the markets, Greenwich and we saw a couple of west end shows.
We were craving some adult excitement though and I went online and eventually found what was referred to as an adult spa club. From the website it looked like everyone came in, got naked and cavorted in hot tubs, pools, steam rooms, saunas etc. The website also said also said that couple's massages were available. It also said that private rooms were available for the more adventurous. It cost 30 pounds which included a complementary drink.
The low cost was a bit of a concern because we thought it might be a bit on the sleezy side, but we decided to give it a try the following Saturday night.
Getting there involved two train changes and a bit of a walk so we decided that an Uber was the way to get back to the marina.
We walked in and the woman behind the counter hardly even gave us a look. She was watching a celebrity dancing show and just took our money and handed us two fobs attached to safety pins. She eventually explained that the fobs opened our lockers, and you could use them at the bar to claim your drink and purchase other drinks.
We went to our respective change rooms, undressed, claimed our small towel and read the club rules. These included no smoking, no drinking outside bar area, no sex outside private rooms, no phones, no photography and no means no.
I met Vee outside the ladies change room and at this stage we were still a bit modest and had our towels wrapped around our waists. She looked great. Vee did a lot of modelling back in Australia and even at 47 she is hot. 5'10" tall, blonde, with long legs, great firm tits and a beautiful firm butt. We decided to take a look around the club which seemed to be fairly open plan. We passed a TV room with about 20 large vinyl reclining armchairs. Most of these were filled with middle aged, overweight men, and we assumed they must be watching a porn movie. We were surprised to discover they were all watching the same celebrity dance show, we looked at each other and said, "okay we're in England." As we passed by, all the men turned their attention to Vee.
Next to the TV room was the bar with stools lined up at the long bar and a few tables and chairs scattered around. We decided to claim our complementary drink, so we sat on stools at the bar. Our complementary drinks were white wine that turned out be the roughest wine I've tasted since my last deployment in Afghanistan.
We asked the barman how we could organize a couples massage and he replied that the massage rooms have been closed for over a year. I suggested sarcastically that they might want to update their website, and he came back, just as sarcastic and said, "I'll get right onto it."
While we were there, several men came up to get a better look at Vee and ask if we would like another drink, but we declined saying that we were going to have a look around the club first.
We discovered the sauna and steam room with ice bath plunge pools outside (I don't think they had ever been used) and went up a corridor to a dark area where two hot tubs were located. The water in the hot tubs looked "suspect" so we decided to give them a miss. In another area was the main pool. At this time there were only about 60 people in the club, but we only saw four other women at this stage and Vee was by far the standout amongst the ladies.
We went into a steam room and found it empty, but just after entering three men decided it was just the right time for a steam. I sat on a bench seat in one corner of the room and Vee sat between my legs facing the three men. We had discarded the towels by this time, and they had a great view of Vee.
I must admit that I love the attention that she gets from men and even women and I'm happy to show her off. Vee knows this and is also a bit of an exhibitionist and tease. I lazily put my hand over her shoulder and cupped a breast and sat there flicking my finger across her hard nipple, she gave a small moan and reached down and lightly rubbed her clit for a few seconds. I looked up and our three roommates were all touching their cocks and were very disappointed when we decided we'd had enough steam and got up and left.
We went to the community showers which were basically in the centre of the club and people having showers could be seen by anyone in the bar, TV room and main pool. Vee "accidently" dropped her towel and slowly bent at the waist to pick it up. You could literally hear an audible gasp from everyone watching.
We went into the main pool area. The pool was about 8 metres by 4 metres with seating at waist height all around the inside of it and bubbles coming through the seating. We chose a spot and did some people watching. Vee reached over and held my cock in her left hand and I reached over and stroked her pussy lips which were nice and slick.
I was off in a dream world when Vee nudged me in the ribs and looked at the entrance to the pool. A huge black man had entered the area. He was 6'4" tall, jet black with the body of a Greek god. Wide shoulders and chest tapering down to a small waist, muscular legs and not a single hair on his body or head. The mesmerizing thing though was his massive cock, long, think and swaying from side to side as he walked. I turned to Vee and said, "close your mouth dear." Vee has had a big, black cock fantasy for some time, and I thought this might be the time to make it a reality.
The man looked around the pool area. His gaze stopped when he came to Vee and lingered for a few seconds. He then stepped into the pool and even though there were plenty of other places to sit, he decided to sit about four feet to the right of Vee. Vee turned to me and said, "did you see the size of that cock?" and I told her that she should talk to him.
A few seconds later, Vee looked at him and said, "excuse me, do you come here often." I smiled to myself and thought, well that's original. He replied that he did, about once a month and Vee said, "we saw on the website that there were massage rooms, do you know where they are?"
He moved over closer so they could hear each other better over the noise of the bubbles and explained what we already knew, that the massage rooms had been closed for over a year. Vee had achieved her aim though and now he was sitting right next to her.
Vee and the stranger chatted about the obsolete website for a minute, and he asked, "Are you Australians?" and Vee replied that we were and told him that we were just visiting London for a few weeks.
Suddenly, Vee's grip on my cock tightened. She turned to me and said "He's got his hand on my leg and a few seconds later his hand met my own hand as I was still stroking Vee's pussy lips. I moved my hand out of the way to give him access.
"My names Jason" he said holding out his right hand to shake hands.
"I'm Steve and this is Vee, but I feel like we already shook hands" I joked as I looked down at Vee's pussy. He laughed and we talked for a few minutes. He seemed like a really likable guy and told us some funny stories about the club.
Vee turned to me and said that she was in heaven. She now had a cock in each hand and Jason had one of his fingers in her pussy. She leaned back and closed her eyes and as he finger fucked Vee her hips responded. Everyone watching knew exactly what was going on underneath the water.
Jason turned to us and asked whether we would like to go to one of the private rooms and Vee couldn't agree fast enough. We got to our feet and walked across the pool to the steps with Vee still holding a hard cock in each hand and every eye in the club watching us.
There were four private rooms, and we chose the first one. It was about three metres by three metres, low lighting, a green, single vinyl mattress (probably army surplus), with some towels and a bowl of condoms in one corner, built for fucking not romance. The room was very hot with no ventilation except some louvers in the door.
Once we closed the door, Vee dropped to her knees and took Jason's huge black cock into her mouth. As I said, this was a fantasy that Vee and I had spoken about for ages, now it was happening, and it wasn't a disappointment. Vee's blonde hair contrasted against Jason's black skin and her full lips locked around the head of his cock was incredible. I knelt behind her, rubbed her clit with fingers on my right hand while slipping two fingers from my left hand into her soaking pussy.
After a couple of minutes, Jason pushed Vee back onto the mattress. She lay on her back and put her lovely, long legs on his shoulders. He rubbed his cock against her bare pussy.
Vee grabbed my hand and I bent down and kissed her. She looked at Jason and simply said, "slowly." He eased the head into her pussy. Her head went back, and her mouth opened. I watched as he eased more and more into her pussy until just over half of his cock was inside. He then stared stroking in and out very slowly.
Vee was in heaven. Jason was able to ease more and more in with each stroke until all of his eleven inches were inside. It was an incredible sight and I lifted Vee's head so she could see the great black cock pumping in and out of her. The sight was too much, and she exploded in orgasm. I'm glad that she had hold of my hand and not my dick because she squeezed so hard it felt like she was going to break my hand.
After a couple more minutes, Jason withdrew his cock and turned her over, pulling her to her knees. He eased his giant cock into her from behind. Vee and I have enjoyed threesomes before and we've always tried to have a spit roast, but she was being pounded so hard she couldn't line up my dick with her mouth and even if she could I was worried that my cock would be shredded by her teeth. I just told her to concentrate on herself and enjoy.
The room was now stifling hot, sweat was pouring from all of us and the vinyl mattress was very slippery. Jason was covered in sweat, and it made has jet black skin glisten.
Vee asked him to stop and told him to lie down on the mattress. She then squatted above him, took his cock, put it at the entrance of her pussy and eased down until it was all inside her. She was now able to control the tempo and she took it nice and slow. She bent down and kissed Jason while grinding her pussy on his cock. It was very erotic, and I regretted not being able to take photos to save the moment.
Vee took my hand and guided me to sit behind her, straddling Jason's legs. She put one of my hands on her breast and with the other hand, indicated that she wanted me to rub her clit.
Vee lifted the tempo, rising and falling on his cock faster and faster. I could feel her getting close to another orgasm, so I took my hand from her tits and traced down her back to her ass. I put my index finger on her brown rosebud and inserted it up to the first knuckle. She loves this and it tipped her over the edge. She had a massive orgasm and everyone in the club, and half of London must have heard her. This set Jason off and he erupted inside her. When her shuddering had ceased and her breathing returned to somewhat normal, she lay down on Jason's huge chest. Once again, the blonde hair on the black skin was very erotic.
We couldn't stay in the room any longer because it was just too hot and the air too stale. We came out of the playroom and there were about 50 sets of eyes upon us.
We walked over to the shower area and cooled down under the showers. Vee rose up onto her toes, put her hands around Jason's head, reached up and gave him a kiss on the lips. She then bent over at the waist, exposing her just fucked pussy to everyone in the bar area, lifted his now flaccid but huge cock with her fingers and gave it a kiss on the head. I glanced over towards the bar and the barman gave me a scowl and pointed to the sign that read -- no sex in public areas. I wasn't doing anything, so I just shrugged.
Jason said that he was going to the hot tubs and asked us whether we would like to join him. Vee said she didn't just want a drink, she needed a drink desperately, so we told Jason we would see him later and walked over to the bar. Our towels were sodden now and the bartender reached under the bar and gave us some fresh ones.
I ordered two double whisky and some bottled water and talked about what had just happened. We would have liked to have spent more time with Jason, but the "private rooms" were just not designed for that. I told Vee that we would arrange with Jason to spend a night at a nice hotel or on the boat and she thought it was a great idea.
By now there were over 100 people in the club including about a dozen couples. One couple came over to chat to us, and while they seemed nice there was no sexual excitement there, so we declined when they asked if we would like to go to a room together. We each ordered another double whisky and started to wind down and relax again.
While we were sitting at the bar, there were about thirty men sitting in the immediate area including two young, twenty somethings that were the stereotypical nerds. Both were about 5'6" tall, skinny, pale skin with blemishes on their shoulders, and wore glasses that they had to keep pushing back onto their noses with their forefingers. They almost stared in awe at Vee and at one stage she gave them a little wave. They immediately went bright red and looked away before turning back and smiling. Vee thought they were very cute.
After she had finished her second double whisky, she indicated for the two nerds to come over. As they got closer to Vee, both got erections which Vee thought was adorable. She stuck out her hand to shake hands and introduced herself and me, and they gave her their names (sorry I don't remember them). She asked them some questions about themselves, but they were obviously flustered.
Vee asked them if they would like to give her a foot massage and they stammered that they would love to. This was all a surprise to me, but I thought just go along for the ride. I assumed she would take them to a private room but instead she led them into the TV room which was almost full of men watching what we in Australia call soccer. She found one of the vinyl lounge chairs up toward the back of the room, sat down, put a leg over each arm and offered her feet to her new friends.
She does love having massages and especially her feet, so she was enjoying herself but not as much as the nerds who just stared between her spread legs at her pussy. Everyone else in the bar and TV room were also watching (the soccer was a nil all draw). Vee closed her eyes and enjoyed the massage. One of her hands cupped a breast and flicked a nipple while the other hand rubbed her clit for a few seconds.
After seven or eight minutes of the massage, Vee called her boys over to each side of the chair. She took hold of a cock in each hand and started jerking them off. She pointed to her tits and told them to come on them and after only about 30 seconds they each did. Once again, the barman turned to me and pointed to the "no sex in public areas" sign so I said, "hey it wasn't me, I'll spank her when we get home." He didn't seem impressed.
Vee took the now familiar path to the community showers and washed herself off before returning to me at the bar. When she got there, she kissed me and I said, "great show" and she smiled.
We decided it was time to head home. I told Vee that I would find Jason and give him our contact details so we could catch up again while she got dressed in the lady's locker room. I looked all over the club but couldn't find him, so in the end I went to my locker, retrieved a business card and ten pounds. I gave these to the barman and asked him to give the card to Jason and ask him to contact us.
Vee and I called an Uber and headed back towards the marina at Chelsea. It was around 1.30am by this time and as we drove through London, Vee turned to me and said, "Thank you, I had a great night, but you didn't get to cum."
"It doesn't matter" I said, "it was your night."
She looked at me and smiled then turned to the driver and said, "My husband has been very good to me tonight, do you mind if I reward him back here?"
The driver looked at us in his mirror and said, "No luv, go for it."
As she undid my pants I said to her, "You know all of these cars have camera's that record everything."
She just looked at me and said, "You don't think that sleezy club had camera's everywhere." before putting my cock into her mouth. I just lay back and thought yeah who cares.
Unfortunately, we never heard from Jason (not sure whether my friend the barman gave him the message), but next time we're in London, we'll head back to the club to see if we can catch up.