We were on a long road trip, and my wife must have been getting bored as she put her hand on my dick and began to rub my crotch through my shorts I had on. It wasn't long until I had a hard on and she was unbuttoning my pants and sliding my cock out where she could stroke it better.
I was getting really hard by this time, and she still has not said a word. I looked over at her and she just gave me a devilish grin. Of course there wasn't much I could do if I wanted to. Just drive and enjoy it.
She could tell I was getting turned on as I was as hard as I could get. Without saying anything she laid down in the seat and took the head of my cock in her mouth. That about made me close my eyes while I was driving down the road. She began taking my cock deeper and deeper in her mouth until she had my entire cock in her mouth. She began to move her head up and down on my cock while sucking me off.
I was at the point where I was about to cum, and she removed her lovely mouth from my cock and risen up with that beautiful smile and gave me a kiss on the cheek. I told her we were going to have to stop on the side of the road if she was going to keep that up, because I was about to cum in her mouth.
She said there was no need to stop that she was finished for a while, grinning as she looked at my hard cock standing at attention with nowhere to go now. She took my cock after a few minutes when it had started to get soft again, and put it back in my short pants and tried to zip them up, but there was no need in trying.
It wasn't but a few more hours of driving and I decided to stop and get a room for the night. It had been a long day, and needless to say I was still Horney. The only room that was available was a room on the back side of the motel. Of course it really didn't matter to us. We were just going to rest and then have sex, and go to bed. I wasn't planning on a marathon sex that night.
I just needed some relief from earlier this evening. It had been a long hot ride that day so I decided to get a shower and cool off before I laid down for a short nap. I got my shower and was ready to relax, but my wife was laying on the bed butt naked. I knew then there was not going to be an early nap for me, as I slid into the bed.
She grabbed me by the cock and pulled it to her mouth, sucking me hard and deep into her mouth. She took my dick out of her mouth and told me to fuck her mouth. Before I could do anything she hollered what are you waiting for? I want that hard cock of yours fucking my mouth. I want it all.
I began to fuck her mouth slowly letting her gag reflex get use to my 8 inches, then I began to pump faster and harder. I could tell she was sucking me off also as I was getting ready to blow my load in her mouth. I stopped fucking her mouth as she kept sucking my hard cock. I filled her mouth with my cum so much that she couldn't swallow fast enough. My cum was oozing out of the corners of her mouth. I rolled off of her and she licked me clean.
I raised up and started to slide down to eat her pussy, but she said not now we are going to get that nap in now. It was hard for me to go to sleep as I was still hard and horny. She must have been satisfied because she went right off to sleep. Feeling her naked body next to me made it harder for me to sleep. After a couple hour nap we woke up refreshed.
I just lay their holding her beautiful body next to me as we made a little small talk. I began to suck on her nipples, and caress her nice B sized titties. She started moaning and pushed my head down toward her pussy. I knew where this was going and I was ready to eat her pussy. (She doesn't cum, she squirts). I begin my licking her pussy inserting my tongue flicking it in and out and in an upward motion. I then sucked on her clit for a few minutes. Then my tongue went back to her pussy as she began to squeal and I knew I was fixing to get wet, because I can never swallow all her juices.
She was thrashing her body around as she pinched and pulled on her nipples as she started to cover my face with liquid. She subsided for a few minutes but I didn't stop licking her pussy. I could feel her pussy getting hard inside so I knew she was about to cum again, and she did. I drank all I could of her juices, and looked at the sheets and they were soaked from her squirting and me missing what I couldn't swallow. She decided she wanted to watch TV for awhile so I gave her the remote.
I must have been tired more than I thought because I woke up at one o'clock in the morning thinking someone was trying to break into our room. As I lay there listening for the noise again. I finally figured it out. It was our neighbors having sex and their bed was banging on the wall and you could her the woman screaming and moaning also.
This got my wife all excited and she said she wanted me to fuck her right then. I started to go down and eat her pussy, but she said no she wanted to be fucked right then. I must have been turned on also because I hadn't noticed but I had a hard on and was ready to fuck my wife.
She was already wet as I was going to ease my cock in thinking her pussy would be dry. I rammed my cock deep into her pussy and fucked her deep and slow. She began to scream for me to fuck her faster and harder, faster, faster, faster followed by an oh yesssssssssss, I'm cumming, god I'm cumming as she squirted all over the place soaking my cock and balls with her wetness.
I then noticed that our bed was knocking on their wall also. They were getting louder as we were getting louder also, and my wife raised her legs and ordered me this time to fuck her tight ass, and to hurry up about it. Her ass was wet from her squirting and it running down that rosebud.
I had no problem penetrating her tight ass as she was still telling me to fuck her ass hard. She was saying it loud enough for the neighbors to hear. Fuck my tiny ass, fuck it hard, deeper, deeper, oh god I am going to squirt again. Here I come baby get ready to get wet as she lets loose and this is the largest squirt of the night soaking my stomach, running down onto my cock and my balls.
That's when I stopped and could hear there were no noise from the other room and ours was quiet also. We cleaned up and I got my shorts on to go out and get a drink from the soda machine. As I opened the door the door neighbor's door opened also. The other couple came out and he waived and they got in their car and drove off. That was one of our biggest turn ons.