Cross Contamination Chapter 7: Dinner and a Show
Gina Harlowe was having the worst week of her entire life.
She had come home from the strip club in the early hours of Saturday morning defeated, angry, and unspeakably horny. She was annoyed, but not surprised to find Daren already asleep and snoring. She was out being humiliated and toyed with by a bigger, stronger man, and he was at home getting some beauty sleep. And probably jerking himself off, the little perv.
She was in no mood for charitable thoughts for her husband tonight. He was the only reason she was in this mess in the first place, and he didn't even have the decency to be available to relieve her pent-up urges. She wanted a cock. Any cock in her needy pussy. Her mind was filled with the memory of Victor's manly dick, inches from her, just minutes ago. That was the cock she wanted, she shamefully admitted to herself. She wanted Victor's massive, dark penis to fill her up, fuck her deeply, and make her scream. Not that he ever would, she insisted to herself. With Daren sound asleep, she wouldn't even be getting his modestly-sized dick tonight.
Well, she had other ways to relieve herself. She opened her phone and pulled up the chat app she used when talking to Victor. She might not be his girlfriend anymore, she thought, still stinging from the public defeat and breakup, but he sent me plenty of nudes in the past. They would make a perfect subject for a bedtime masturbation session.
But to her dismay, all that she could find were error messages that read:
[This time-locked image has expired.]
She hadn't even realized that sending pictures like that was possible. Maybe she should have been doing the same...
Her anger and sexual frustration grew. She needed some relief. Well, she no longer had pictures of Victor's cock, but she had something even better. She slid open her bedside drawer... only to find her Victor-shaped dildo missing.
Oh, hell no! Daren had gone too far this time. She woke her loving husband up with a shove that was harder than strictly necessary.
"Daren, what the fuck!" She hissed.
Daren woke with a start, a panicked look flashing across his face. The sight of his furious wife did nothing to calm him.
"What the fuck did you do?" She continued, watching as his eyes widened and his mouth dropped open in guilty horror. Was he some kind of idiot? Did he really think she would never find out?
Daren started stuttering some sort of limp-dick response, but Gina cut him off impatiently. "You think that it's OK to go through my things and steal stuff?"
She could see his half-awake brain working furiously as he looked over at the open and empty bedside drawer. Comprehension seemed to dawn.
"Gina, I c-can explain."
"Explain what?" She exploded, "That you can't let me have even a little pleasure or satisfaction in my life without taking it away?"
"That dildo. It's... it's his c-cock, isn't it?" asked Daren quietly, almost deferentially.
Gina could have strangled this little wimp. "So fucking what." She said with murderous intensity, "Maybe if your dicklette was a little bigger, I wouldn't have to go looking for something that was a better fit." It was cruel, hurtful, and true. Before this whole thing started, she would never have admitted it to herself, let alone Daren, but as far as his cock went, he fell far short of her ideal size.
She still would normally never say something so ego-destroying to the man she loved, but in her anger and lust, she needed a reaction from him. Some passion, even if it was negative.
Darren's face was white with shock, and he mumbled, "Why would you say something like that..." How had this little wimp ever gotten the balls to take away her favorite dildo?
"OK, then hotshot." Said Gina, smoldering with rage and lust, "If the man of the house here says I don't need a dildo then he had better prove it."
She rapidly stripped off her dress and kneeled on the bed in front of him, sneering as she fondled her drooling pussy and roughly cupped a breast, squeezing one of her aching nipples, "I just questioned your manhood, pussy. Why don't you prove me wrong? Really put me in my place. Punish my naughty cunt with your cock. Force me to scream that you are all the man I need."
God she needed a cock inside her. All that she wanted right now was a passionate hate fuck. She and her husband could sort out the emotional aftermath in the morning. She tried to mentally will some sort of spine into Daren. C'mon hubby, I just pushed you hard, now fuck me until I apologize.
But Daren disappointed her once again. He actually drew the covers up around his neck like a scared old woman.
"N-no, Gina, I won't, not when you are like this." His lip started to tremble. Was this asshole actually going to cry? Pathetic.
"Then get the fuck out!" Screamed Gina in frustration, hurling her alarm clock at him to hurry him along. Daren escaped into the hall, and Gina locked the door behind him.
For the rest of the night, she had fruitlessly tried to finger herself to orgasm, putting the choker back on, watching the filthiest interracial porn she could find, and clutching the silver dress to her face, which still smelled like Victor from when she had rubbed against his body.
Nothing worked. Whenever she got close, she would see Lucia getting fucked on stage by Victor, feel the frustration of being beaten, excluded, rejected. Then she would lose her orgasm. It happened again and again until she finally passed out, getting a few hours of restless sleep.
...
The rest of the weekend passed in a hazy blur of lust.
When Cassie got back from her friend's on Saturday, Gina was so horny and mixed up that she couldn't help but notice her daughter's body in a new light. Her eyes clocked the fact that Cassie had big, firm juicy tits, pouty little lips, and a round ass that begged to be pinched. Gina was so disgusted with herself for checking out her own daughter that she snapped irritably at Cassie's cheerful greeting.
Great, thought Gina, add a "mother of the year" trophy to my "perfect wife" award. Victor had seriously messed her up by forcing her to explore a new attraction to women. She was just confused, nothing more to it than that.
She knew that Cassie wanted them to be closer, but the girl wouldn't listen to her mother. Sometimes her daughter would dig in her heels and refuse to see reason. Gina missed when Cassie was a little girl and would just assume that everything Mommy said was the gospel. Well, at least this time Cassie simply blushed and gave Gina a strange look, then retreated to her room. Gina watched her go, disgusted at herself for being unable to keep her eyes of Cassie's bouncing ass. Then sank back into a haze of frustration and horniness.
Daren had wisely avoided Gina all day Saturday, and by bedtime, he had already snuck into the bedroom to get himself a pillow and blanket for the couch. Gina thought up a few new ideas for how to complete a masturbation session successfully, but each time she failed to achieve an orgasm.
Around 2 AM, hair plastered to her face by sweat, she opened her phone and stared at the chat app that she had used with Victor. She bit her lip. Her pride told her that crawling back to Victor after being so publicly rejected would be even more embarrassing than their initial fake relationship. Her pussy told her that any humiliation would be worth it if she could masturbate to Victor's cock one more time.
[Hey]
She sent it off quickly, without even thinking, and watched the screen, waiting for a reply. The icon next to Victor's name lit up, showing he was online. The message was marked as read. The light next to Victor's name went out.
That son of a bitch! She wanted to scream! She wanted to hurl her phone across the room! She wanted to cum, Goddammit!
She fell asleep again, even later this time, trying to hold back self-pitying sobs.
...
Gina felt even worse on Sunday. Stretched tight, exhausted, and somehow hornier than ever. Something had to give. She was still too furious and disappointed with Daren to come crawling to him. She would have to try desperate measures. She tried to sneak out the door, like she was just going on some errands, but Cassie saw her and asked if she could come along for some mother-daughter bonding time. Gina swore that she saw Cassie's lingering on her ass when she turned to answer, her eyes quickly snapping to Gina's face with a guilty smile. Gina's lust-addled brain whispered the question: was Cassie checking her out? At her age, Cassie was probably experimenting in all sorts of ways sexually. They hadn't been close enough lately to discuss it. Was Cassie into women? Maybe even older women? No, no: that was ridiculous. Gina was the one that was confused and horny, not her daughter. Cassie was just making a desperate, mistimed effort to get closer to her mother.
But maybe I could make use of that desperation, insisted her over-sexed lizard brain. Would it be so wrong to have one little makeout session with Cassie? Indulge her innocent daughter's curiosity? Help her explore her sexuality a little? See how those soft round tits felt mashed up against her own. Take that "eager to please mommy" attitude and turn it towards a productive purpose...
She snapped herself out of it. She was really getting messed up if filthy fantasies like that started sounding rational. Cassie hadn't been looking at her that way, it was all in her head, a fucked up daydream caused by too much sexual frustration. She denied Cassie's request, maybe a little more harshly than she should have.
When Gina reached the sex shop, she asked the leering, creepy shop owner to give her one of every product that was guaranteed to make a woman cum. It was an expensive trip, and she returned home with two heavy bags, one for each arm.
That night, Gina achieved an orgasm. Sort of. A weak one.
She sat on a running dryer, holding a clitoral suction device to her pussy, a massive vibrating dildo stretching out her pussy. A buttplug created a strange but intriguing pressure in her ass, and one nipple burned with a sweet fire from the nipple clamp attached to it, as her tongue swirled desperately around the other. The sound of an interracial gangbang thundered in the laundry room turned to the highest volume. She had gone beyond feeling the shame of Daren or Cassie being able to hear it. She had tied the slutty silver dress around her face like a blindfold to force the fading scent of Victor's cologne and sweat into her nose.
Gina could tell that she had indeed had an orgasm, at great cost to her dignity. But a pale, weak one; not the deep satisfying one she had been craving. Not enough to relieve the vast ocean of lust she was holding inside herself She lay back on the rumbling dryer, sweaty, gasping, and ashamed of herself. She began the slow and awkward process of removing the numerous sex toys she had used, washing them in the utility sink, and trying her best to hide them in towels so that she could put them away in her closet.
As though Daren and Cassie couldn't tell what she had been doing.
She went to work the next day an exhausted mess, completely unrefreshed by the weekend. And somehow things got worse.
...
Gina looked up irritably to a soft knock at her office door. She sighed heavily, not even trying to hide her annoyance from the man at her door.
Fucking Xavier again. No doubt here with another stupid pickup line. This preening idiot didn't seem to realize that not only would he never in a million years get the slightest whiff of Gina's pussy, but she would eventually bury his ass at work as well. Sure, at the moment the senior partners at the firm were fooled by his dimwitted charm, but she was a much better lawyer. In time, her talent would crush him.
But today he walked with an even larger swagger than usual, a smug smirk on his punchable face. Gina set her mouth in a grim line. She had changed her mind, this was actually a good thing. She could unload her stress a little on someone who richly deserved it.
"Xavier," she said in an icy tone, "why are you in my office? This had better be good."
For once her annoyance seemed not to surprise or deter the annoying young man. He wordlessly pulled out his phone and clicked play on a video, turning it so that she could see. It took Gina a moment to even process what she was seeing. Was this pervert showing her porn in her own office? Then she realized what she was watching and her mouth fell open in shock. A slutty, curvy blond was squatting on a stage, her naked tits heaving. Slowly, the stripper's legs parted to reveal a smooth, dripping pussy.
It was a video that showed Gina in the strip club that night.
Gina moved to swipe the phone out of Xavier's hands, but he was anticipating the move and quickly shifted the phone away. The sound of the strip club music still loudly came through the speakers, and Gina looked up to the open doorway of her office nervously. Someone could walk by at any second.
"Turn it off Xavier!" she hissed furiously, "I get the message!"
With a raised eyebrow, Xavier finally locked his phone, silencing the video.
"What do you want exactly?" asked Gina in a small voice, desperately trying to keep calm. Knowing Xavier, she could guess what he was interested in. Probably something romantic, like a dirty little quickie in the bathroom. She hated this little pipsqueak with a passion, but her horny, mixed-up pussy moistened at the prospect. After being wound up and finding no relief for several days, her body was desperate for any dick it could get.
"Hey, you don't have to do anything," said Xavier lightly, "I'm just showing you a cool video that I found, and wondering if the lady in that video would be willing to show me something. You know, because she was willing to show a whole crowd that same thing."
It was a paper-thin, laughable defense for the blatant blackmail. Any decent lawyer would know that. But this infuriating young idiot was offering her a chance at a sexual encounter with another person, and a plausible excuse why she had no choice that she could fool herself with.
"Again, Xavier," said Gina, a little heat creeping into her voice, "What exactly do you want?"
Xavier shrugged and grinned his foolish, catlike grin. "I want a chance to feel what you let everyone see. Take off your bra. Get your tits out." His voice dripped with confidence. He was absolutely sure that he had Gina right where he wanted her. Gina had conflicting urges. She wanted to wipe the smile off his face and ruin him for his sloppy attempt at blackmail, but at the same time, in her horny, mixed-up brain, the idea of submitting herself sexually to this young cocky douchebag sizzled and buzzed with an unexpected heat.
She had to control herself. Giving in to him now would only encourage him and cause more problems down the line. She was vulnerable right now because Victor had screwed her up somehow and Daren wasn't there for her. Now was not the time to let her pussy make decisions for her.
Xavier put his hands on Gina's desk and leaned forward. "Get your fucking tits out right now, Gina. I want to touch them." He was so infuriatingly rock-solid certain that she would. The humiliating temptation to prove him right, to put herself under his control was too much for her right now.
She got up and moved past him to close the door to her office. When she turned back around, the little asshole was sitting in her chair, leaning back with his arms behind his head, leering at her. He had the audacity to make an impatient "let's go" motion with his hands as he kicked his feet up onto her desk.
Gina's cheeks colored. Xavier's inexperienced dominance was nothing compared to Victor's, but their personal history of antagonism made this so much more humiliating. Gina unbuttoned her blouse and stripped it off, noting that even the sight of the conservative black bras she was wearing was causing a notable tent in her young rival's pants.
Gina's hands slipped behind her back and fingered the clasp of her bra. It wasn't too late. She could tell Xavier to get the fuck out of her office. "After this, it's over, Xavier. You understand me? You delete the fucking video and we never talk about this again," she said, attempting a stern voice.
"Yeah, yeah," said Xavier dismissively, his eyes focused on her heaving bra-covered tits, "Less talking, more stripping, bitch."
Gina would never take such words normally from anyone, let alone Xavier, but Victor had already trained her to get turned on by humiliation, and she found herself losing the fight against her own arousal. Her fingers betrayed her as they released the clasp on her bra. She shrugged her bra off her shoulders to fall loosely down her arms, then unceremoniously removed the bra to reveal her stiffening nipples to her hated coworker's greedy eyes.
Gina stood there a moment, speechless and blushing as Xavier's eyes roamed over every inch of her naked tits. She couldn't believe she was doing this. It was shameful and twisted, and deeply humiliating. The arousal she had been feeling all week reached a fever pitch. She found she was fantasizing about Xavier tearing the rest of her clothes off and bending her over her desk. What the fuck was wrong with her? Things had gone quite far enough without doing something crazy like that.
She would never ever fuck Xavier. Or anybody besides her husband, she quickly added in her head.
She moved to place her bra with her blouse on a nearby bookshelf but was stopped by Xavier. "No. Bring it here," he said in that deeply arrogant voice.
Gina walked across her office, unconsciously swaying her hips a little as she went to give Xavier a show. Her body was willing to accept him as a sexual partner even if her mind wasn't. As she walked, Xavier fished a hairy, medium-sized cock from his pants, hard and throbbing and dripping with precum from the conquest he had been anticipating for so long. Gina made intense eye contact with him, obediently handing her bra across her desk.
Xavier instantly brought the large satiny cups of the bra to his cock and began rubbing it all over the still-warm fabric. Then he looked up and beckoned Gina closer with a sickening grin.
Gina leaned far forward across her desk, allowing her tits to hang freely down almost to eye level with Xavier. Then he reached his hand out. It was suddenly too intense to look her hated rival in the eyes. Gina had to look away as Xavier's hand made contact, holding a breast tightly in a possessive grip and moving down slowly in a cupping, squeezing, almost milking motion until he reached the nipple, which he squeezed in a merciless pinch. Gina couldn't stop a grunt of mixed pain and pleasure from passing her lips at the sensation.
Xavier continued to pinch, squeeze, and caress her naked breasts while pleasuring himself with her bra, making Gina close her eyes tight against the overwhelming spiral of shame and arousal.
*Slap!*
Gina's eyes flew open in shock. It hadn't been particularly hard, but Xavier had unmistakably slapped one of her breasts, making it swing and jiggle beneath her. She set her jaw, ready to say that this was the last straw, but when she looked down and saw the look of victory and disrespect on Xavier's face, the words flew from her mind. She simply broke eye contact with Xavier again, unable to say a thing.
Seeing Gina's outraged reaction, followed by her arousal and shameful submission, Xavier knew exactly what he wanted to do as he came.
*Slap!* *Slap!* *Slap!*
Xavier's flat palm swung again and again against Gina's defenseless tits, making her cry out in pleasure and pain. Xavier finally stopped to clutch Gina's stolen bra close to his crotch, splattering it with hot, filthy sperm.
Gina leaned over her desk, breathing heavily as Xavier wiped himself off and got up to leave.
"That's enough fun for one day," he said with a smirk, tossing the stained bra onto the desk in front of his older rival "I'll see you around, Gina."
Gina was forced to make a nervous, braless trip to the bathroom to rinse off her soiled underwear. Luckily she met no one on the way there, but a legal aide came in and saw a clear view of her washing globby semen off her bra in the sink. The young woman gave her a disgusted look, then turned around and left. Hopefully, there wouldn't be rumors around the office as a result.
For the rest of the afternoon, Gina's moist, uncomfortable, defiled bra was a constant reminder of her submissive encounter earlier in the day. Even though she had thoroughly rinsed the undergarment, she swore she could feel the taint of Xavier's slime rubbing against her naked breasts, feel the lingering warmth of his cock. A constant source of horniness, adding to her already unbearable sexual frustration. Another day of sexual torment that had left her unfulfilled and desperate for satisfaction.
For the rest of the week, Xavier went no further, not interacting with Gina at all apart from knowing glances.
By the end of the week, Gina was so aroused and frustrated she almost wanted him to grow some balls and really come after her.
...
That night Gina made up with Daren, falling into his arms crying. She told him all about the terrible week she was having at work, tactfully excluding her encounter with Xavier and the frustrated lust that was the root of her problems. Although Daren still seemed a bit wary of her, he made the appropriate sympathetic responses. They kissed sweetly and said their "I love yous", and everything seemed good between them again. But when Gina tried a deeper, more passionate kiss to move things towards the bedroom, Daren shied away. He tried to play it off like nothing had happened, but their sexual routine was well-established enough for both of them to recognize the rejection for what it was. Gina bit back her anger and sexual frustration. She could win her husband back around. Throwing a fit now wouldn't help her cause. As an olive branch, she allowed Daren to return to their bed from the couch.
That night, as Daren lay snoring, Gina failed once again to resist temptation. She opened the text app on her phone and walked to the bathroom.
[Hello Victor. I realize that we are no longer dating, but I appreciate now how much our relationship has come to mean to me. Like Lucia said before, you are a man with large appetites. I think a casual friends-with-benefits relationship could be fun for both of us. I would expect no commitment or romantic efforts from you. I promise to make it worth your while...]
Then she stripped off her pajamas and took the sexiest photo she could, looking over her shoulder and biting her lip while squeezing a breast.
She felt disgusted with herself even as she sent it. A married woman with her husband in the next room, sending an erotic photo to a cruel bully of a man to try to lure him into an explicitly sexual relationship. But her lust and desperation shattered her reservations. This was sure to get Victor's attention.
Victor came online. The message was marked as read. The picture was marked as seen. The light next to Victor's name remained green for a few long agonizing seconds. Victor went offline.
Gina's eyes blurred with tears as she put her clothes back on a climbed into bed. She couldn't tell which of the emotions roaring inside her had caused them, but the feelings of guilt, anger, humiliation, and loss didn't leave her until she passed out from sheer exhaustion.
...
When Gina came home that night, furious, cruel, and in heat, Daren had panicked. He was frantically worried that she would discover the plastic device now permanently locked onto his penis, and he was just not mentally nimble enough to navigate the surprising situation, especially while half asleep.
Luckily, her anger had been about her missing Victor-shaped dildo. She hadn't discovered his embarrassing predicament. He hoped he would be able to keep it from her long enough to convince Renee to remove it.
Before he knew it, he was stretched out on the couch, shivering, stung by Gina's unexpected gibe about his cock size.
Sure, Renee had been slipping in snide comments about his size for weeks in their conversations, but he had assumed that she was just trying to needle him like the cheeky little brat she was. He had never heard anything negative on the topic from Gina. She had told him once, unprompted, that he was the perfect size for her. Was that just a lie? Had his wife seen his dick as tiny from the beginning?
He pulled down his pants to see his pathetic, restrained dick. Looking at it now, after hearing his wife's ego-eviscerating words, it did look small. Surely that was because of the chastity device, he told himself. Surely. A penis was supposed to be the ultimate symbol of masculinity, of male power and dominance, but his cramped, drooling cock right now radiated the opposite: fragility, vulnerability, and submission.
He pulled out his phone, which he had luckily managed to snag on his way out of the bedroom, and texted Renee.
[Good evening, mistress. I remember that you said you were able to unlock that device remotely. Would it be possible for you to do that now? Gina came home very upset, and I think that she is interested in making love.]
He sent the message, crossing his fingers that Renee wasn't asleep. Luckily his message was flagged as read. Renee typed a reply.
[Hey Cucky. Yeah, I could unlock it any time I wanted. So you are asking me permission for a fuck sesh with wifey, huh?]
He replied.
[Yes, mistress.]
[Well I want you to be clear, Puppy. Why don't you ask me properly? Something like "Mistress Rene, please unlock my tiny dick so I can squirt a load in Gina's juicy, cheating pussy"]
Daren frowned. Of course a favor from Renee would require him to debase himself. Well, if it helped his relationship with his wife, it was worth the price.
[Mistress Rene, please unlock my tiny dick so I can squirt a load in Gina's juicy, cheating pussy]
[Haha, I love your enthusiasm. Hmmmmmmmm.]
Daren waited for what seemed like an eternity, his cock pressing itself futility against its plastic cage.
[Denied, loser. You're not ready to join the ranks of real men yet. All the sex you have had so far in your life has been so pathetic that it shouldn't count. Consider yourself demoted back to virgin. You have to wait for some virility to build up before I'll let you loose. Your first time fucking as a real man has to be special, right?]
Daren sat back, stunned, his dick refusing to deflate. What Renee was saying was ridiculous. It simply wasn't how virginity worked. He had a daughter for fuck's sake!
[Sweet dreams, virgin!] Texted Renee.
It was a stupid, nonsensical taunt, but for some reason, it resonated. It brought him back to his high school days when his bully had used similar taunts. When he had spent his days jerking off and dreaming of the pussies of girls way out of his league. Like Gina had been at the time.
Somehow his current situation didn't seem that far off from back then, here he was desperate to fuck Gina, but without a chance in hell of doing so. Was he really that different of a person than his little loser virgin self in high school?
Renee didn't respond to anything the rest of the night.
...
On Sunday night, Daren had been so desperate, horny, and concerned listening to his wife grunt and groan as she played loud pornography in the laundry room that he had dared to try again. He texted Renee, begging her to release him, to let him try to help relieve what Gina was going through. All he received back was a terse text telling him not to push his luck, and that if he didn't learn his place, Renee would block his number for a while.
But on Monday, Renee decided to be merciful.
At least a tiny bit.
Daren's phone buzzed in his pocket.
[Hi Puppy! In school, thinking of u!]
The messaging app Renee had insisted he download allowed her to send time-bound images, and it was a feature she used frequently. He suspected it was so that he wouldn't be able to masturbate to her. Not that he could anymore.
She had sent a high-angle selfie which gave a great view down her shirt to her bra-covered tits. Her face was winking with her tongue stuck out. Daren found himself instantly pressed up hard against his chastity device. This was the last thing he needed today.
[Please mistress, it is a very busy day for me, I will message you when I am done with work.]
If he wanted to sway Renee, he had found it was very important to be pleasant and use the language she enjoyed. With a message like this, sometimes she would relent and let him go. This wasn't one of those times.
[Are you suuuurrree you're busy, puppy?] She added a devil emoji. Daren felt a click at his crotch and a loosening of the tightness constraining his cock. No... it couldn't be.
[I've decided that getting you too backed up might cause problems. You're not ready for sex yet, but I guess I can let you jerk off a little during times when there is no chance you'll screw up and try to fuck wifey. I have a few assignments for you today. Jerk off to them all before you go home. I expect you to be all locked up again before you leave for home.]
[First one:]
She attached a link to the Cuck Diaries website.
[I really want you to focus on the eye contact here. She's a really good actress! Watch how you can see that she still loves the cuck, but the bull's big cock is more important to her. Think about how you are going to feel when you are on the other side of that same look, puppy.]
The thumbnail showed a blond woman on her knees with a dick in her mouth while a pudgy man cried into his hands in the background.
[Next:]
This time there was a link to Wife Tamers. This site was one of the ones Daren dreaded links from. The women seemed to enjoy it, but the scenes were especially degrading. He was ashamed to admit that clips from Wife Tamers gave him truly wild orgasms.
[Really focus on the deepthroat scene here. Think about how, to her husband, this woman is probably a special, unique treasure. But to these men, she is just another sex toy to fuck and cum inside, like they have done many times. Think about how hot it will be when the same thing happens to Gina.]
This thumbnail showed a burly black man carrying a petite blond woman over his shoulder, both nude. Her face was lit up with shock and pleasure.
[And one bonus, puppy. Just a weird thing I noticed that I thought you might find funny.]
Renee sent a link to Naughty Daddy. That was odd. Supposedly, this site was just a palate cleanser. It didn't fit the interracial and cuckold themes he was supposed to be "studying" at all. It mostly involved contrived setups for stepfathers to have sex with their stepdaughters. He had used the site fairly frequently when he needed an escape from the intensity of the cuck fetish sites. Renee was texting again.
[Doesn't this girl look just like Cassie?]
Suddenly Daren felt his heart in his throat. He looked closer at the thumbnail. It showed a short, dark-haired girl looking sidelong at her "stepfather" with a smirk on her face. The title made it clear it was about a popular premise: getting her allowance from 'daddy."
She looked maybe a little like Cassie if you squinted. It was hard to tell from the little thumbnail. He was aware that this was probably just another game Renee was playing. For some reason she wanted him to fantasize about Cassie.
[ You don't have to watch the last one of course. Unless u want to, you perv!] Devil emoji, Devil emoji Devil Emoji, Eggplant emoji, Water droplet emoji.
Daren squinted at the thumbnail. Something about the idea of a porn scene with someone who looked like his daughter was driving him crazy. He looked up at his office door. It was so rare that anyone came into his office...
He stood up quickly and moved to the door. He casually poked his head out and looked around. If he closed his door for just 5 minutes, he could play that video without sound, just long enough to confirm that it didn't look anything like Cassie. He could easily explain that he was on a private call if someone asked why his door had been closed. No one was nearby or paying any attention.
He clicked his door shut and hurried back to his desk, hurriedly opening the video on his phone.
Oh god, it did look kind of like her. Especially the smile, around the mouth. The hair was close too. It wasn't a perfect match, this girl had a slimmer build than Cassie, and her skin was darker. Daren's eyes were riveted as the girl sat next to her "stepdad" on the couch in tiny shorts and a tank top, giving him wide, pleading eyes and biting her lip.
He glanced up at his door. As Renee kept telling him, masturbating was important to clear his head. Maybe he could just get off really quick under his desk. Then he could get some good work done. He quickly placed his slimy cage inside a desk drawer.
He tried not to think about why this video was having such an effect on him.
He scrubbed ahead a few minutes and watched a pov shot as the young woman maintained eye contact with the camera while her mouth worked slowly up and down a cock. Daren pulled his dick from his pants.
As he jerked off, he scrubbed ahead a few more minutes, to a scene where the porn actress bounced up and down, legs wide, on the lap of the muscular "dad", pussy stretched by the massive cock, tits bouncing freely, face moaning. Although he didn't have the sound on, he could read her lips easily "Yes, Daddy! More, Daddy!". God, he was close already. Renee had told him that practice should increase his stamina, but that hadn't been the case so far. He had found that, when he watched the videos and thought about the ideas she suggested, he tended to last way less time than usual. Maybe it would improve with time.
He could feel his orgasm coming. He scrubbed ahead to the end, to the scene he knew would be there. The young woman (she really couldn't be that much older than Cassie) kneeling in front of the man, smiling, begging. Fuck it, he needed the sound. He needed to hear this. He risked bumping it up a few notches.
"Please Daddy," The actress was saying in a whining voice, "I want it. Give it to me Daddy, all over my pretty little face." Fairly typical stuff. But for some reason, right now it was really doing it for him. His hand moved like a piston. The Daddy's thick white cum was spraying all over the young face. He was over the edge, his dick twitching...
The door to his office opened quickly, and his boss Victor walked into the room. Daren panicked. The worst possible outcome had come to pass. His brain struggled to cope. Ropes of thick cum burst from his dick, painting the underside of his desk as he stared with fearful eyes at his boss's disdainful face.
Luckily for him, in his panic, he had quickly swept his phone off the table and dropped it on the floor. The video must have been ending at just the right time because he couldn't hear any sound. The desk hopefully hid the fact that his still-oozing dick was out. There was just a sliver of possibility that Victor had missed what was happening.
Daren waited, his breath held, for the probable storm, perhaps his firing. Victor looked around the room.
"Why was your door closed, Harlowe? That's not how we do things."
"I, uh, just got off an important call. Wanted to cut off any background noise."
Would he buy it?
Victor shrugged, a smile tugging at the corner of his lips. "Whatever. I have something to discuss with you, Harlowe. I just finished going over productivity numbers with Lucia. I'm sorry to say that I'm struggling to justify your place on the team."
He didn't look sorry at all in fact. He had a big, satisfied smile on his face.
"Well, s-sir," began Daren, shakily. Having his slimy cock out in front of his boss was putting him into a cringing and submissive state of mind, "I'm trying my h-hardest'
"Then it seems like your hardest is just not enough." Victor looked even more pleased with this, and Daren got the distinct impression he wasn't just talking about work performance anymore.
"Anyway," said Victor with a dismissive gesture, "I'm not firing you quite yet. I've come up with a compromise. Charlie. Get in here. Charlie stuck his stubbled, sharp face into the office with a big, fake grin, knocking on the open door. No, no, no, this nightmare was getting worse. "What's up hardon? How's it hanging?"
Daren managed a sickly nod, trying to pull his lower body further under the desk.
"Charlie is our leader in productivity currently." Victor continued, "He's going to take you under his wing. He will give you pointers, monitor your work, and report directly back to me. Understood?"
"Y-yes sir."
"Good." And with that curt dismissal, he turned and left.
Before Daren could realize what was happening, Charlie strode across the room, sat on the edge of his desk, and sneered down at his shrunken, cum-covered dick.
"Fucking gross, Hardon." He said, with a laugh.
Daren quickly struggled to cover himself, smearing the front of his pants with cum in the process.
"You think you had that shit hidden? I know the smell of cum, Hardon, and it fucking reeks in here. What, is wifey refusing to touch your tiny dick at home? That sounds about right, now that she has a taste for the BBC." He bent down to scoop up Daren's phone, scrubbing through the video, as he held it out of the way of Daren's reaching hands.
"Ooooh shit, Hardon! Watching porn at work, huh?" He looked at Hardon with a mocking grin. "This one is really cute. Looks a lot like the picture you sent me the other day, wouldn't you say?"
Daren's brain couldn't process this information. Too much had happened in the last 10 minutes.
"So... here's the deal hardon. Victor can dress it up however he wants, but he spelled it out to me real clearly in private. You're my fucking slave now. If you go against me in any way or refuse any orders, Victor gets a bad report from me. Got it?"
"And just to make your position abundantly clear, Take a look at these," Charlie said, tossing a thick folder onto the desk. It landed with a meaty slap, weighed down by the papers within.
Cautiously, Daren wiped his hands on his pants, picked up the folder, and flipped through it. At first, it didn't make sense. The first documents were entry logs of some sort, a list of dates with a time code and a duration. There were no titles to the documents, but the entries were one to three times a day every weekday for the past few months.
The titles on the next documents made things clear.
"Web Filter Violations by Daren Harlowe." In a neat, typed list, the documents listed the URLs and video titles of every porn video he had watched at work since Renee had begun his "training".
Charlie chuckled, "I can't believe what a dumbass you are, Hardon. Why would you look up porn when your phone was connected to the company wifi? That's like, lesson number one."
The next document simply cross-referenced the two previous ones. It was titled "Duration and content of Daren Harlowe's masturbation sessions during work hours" Each entry was a terse couple of sentences. The latest read:
2:17 pm: Cameras show DH traveling to the third-floor handicapped restroom. Filter flags that DH accesses a video titled "Stacked Housewife Lets Big Cock Frat Boys Boss Her Around" at 2:23 pm. 3:04 pm: DH exits the restroom and returns to his desk. Total time theft recorded: 47 minutes.
Daren's mouth was dry and his hands were shaking.
"Hardon, Hardon, Hardon." Said Charlie, drinking in his panic and shame, "This stuff is really bad, you know?"
He stretched and got up from his seat on the desk, leaning towards Daren with casual menace.
"I was pulling together all of this evidence with the intention of getting you fired. It's fun to fuck with you, but at some point, the fun goes out of it. It's like shooting fish in a barrel with someone as wimpy as you."
This was reminding Daren powerfully of high school. Charlie had been a bastard back then as well. He didn't like to think about the terrible coincidence that his high school bully had been employed at the same office as him. Sometimes he suspected that Charlie had engineered it that way on purpose.
"But this picture you sent me convinced me otherwise. For two reasons. First of all, I'm interested in Cassie. Like I said to you before, the hunt is on. And the fact that you sent me the picture tells me that you are going to help me."
He picked up the family photo from Daren's desk and gave it a leering smile
"The second reason is, the fact that you sent me, a man that you know for a fact loves manipulating vulnerable young women, a sexy photo of your daughter tells me that you are turned on by some fucked up shit, including being abused by me."
Charlie pulled out a notebook from his pocket and began scribbling in it.
"And don't get me wrong, I'm not gay, Hardon. I just think it is fucking hilarious that you get turned on by humiliation no matter what gender it comes from. Were you like this back in high school too Hardon? Were you getting a little stiffy every time me and my buddies would joke around with you?"
Charlie snapped his fingers.
"Anyway, to business. I did the math, and I figure that you have cost this company over 8,000 dollars with your disgusting use of company time."
Daren boggled. There was no way that several minutes a day added up to that much, even over several months.
"B-but Charlie, that can't be..."
"I'm counting lost revenue from failed accounts, Hardon. Your record has been abysmal these past few months. You lost two damn accounts for Christ's sake! Clearly, your poor performance has been a result of you taking your eye off the ball, so to speak."
Daren felt a little angry. There was no way those were his fault. It was a result of accounts that were already failing being shoved onto his workload by Victor. Probably to make him look bad. But it was no use. He knew Charlie wouldn't listen.
"Let's round it up to 10,000 dollars, just so that we know you are sorry about what you did." Said Charlie smoothly, watching Daren's miserable face with amused eyes, "You are going to pay back what you owe the company to me directly."
So there it was, thought Daren grimly. Good old fashioned blackmail. He wished he was surprised. The worst part was that it would be effective.
"But good news, Hardon! Your buddy Charlie takes payment methods other than cash!" Charlie flashed him a sinister smile.
"Everytime you help me out with a special request, I will knock some amount off of what you owe. Pretty sweet, right?"
Daren grimaced.
"And here comes your first opportunity," said Charlie, getting out a pen and paper, "I have a couple of questions about Cassie. Let's call it 2 dollars a pop."
He asked a large number of questions as Daren struggled to clean himself up with a napkin he found on his desk. Where Cassie liked to hang out after school, what her interests were, what kind of music she liked, what her favorite food and snacks were, which celebrities she had crushes on, and who she was friends with. Daren was uncomfortably aware that the information he was giving would help Charlie locate and maybe even befriend his daughter. His designs were obvious, but Daren felt powerless to resist him.
At one point, Charlie stopped, looking up after Daren had told him that Cassie had recently joined the cheer club at school.
"The cheerleading squad?"
"Y-yeah."
"At Riverside High?"
"That's r-right."
Charlie tore a blank sheet out of the notebook, snapping it shut and stuffing it in his pocket with a pleased look on his face.
"Perfect. Let's call that 30 dollars, Hardon. I lost count of the questions. My daughter is the co-captain of the cheer squad at Riverside High. That gives me an idea. Here, I'm going to write a list of assignments for you as homework."
He began scribbling on the paper as he talked.
"Number 1: I want you to talk to Cassie about how the cheer squad is going. Get really interested. Ask her about the captains. Focus on Melissa. Tell Cassie that an old friend of yours is Melissa's father. Suggest that they become better friends. Float the idea of a sleepover a Melissa's house. Does that sound too difficult, Hardon?"
Daren shook his head reluctantly. He didn't like where this was going.
"I'll call that 50 bucks. Just a conversation, nothing too hard." He drew a line sharply across the paper, preparing for number two.
"Next: Get some photos of Cassie in her new cheer uniform. As sexy as you can without raising her suspicions or, God forbid, Gina's. Tell her you want them for social media, but don't post them. This one's a little tougher. Walk that line between innocent and sexy. Innocent enough to make mommy and baby girl suspect nothing, sexy enough to get me off. 100 bucks."
He was drawing another line across the paper. "Oh boy, Hardon! I can't wait to see what she looks like. I still remember what Gina looked like when she was cheering me on from the sidelines, all cute and bouncy. I bet she looks just as good, and this time I'll have photos to keep."
"Last and most importantly," He said, writing a large 3, "I need some panties. Two pairs, one clean and folded, one dirty. This one really shouldn't be too hard if you are careful. Just don't get caught. 150 bucks."
That reminded Daren unpleasantly of the surprise he had left in Cassie's underwear drawer. She hadn't said anything to him. And he would know if she had told Gina. But it might make it a bit more difficult to steal panties if she suspected him.
"And that's it for now, Hardon." Said Charlie, creasing the paper and sliding it across the desk to him. "Our meeting is adjourned.."
"Now, try to actually get some work done today instead of just jerking off."
Daren had to be especially careful about his jerkoff sessions for rest of the day.
After all, it wasn't like he could disobey his mistress's orders.
...
Cassie hurried home on Saturday morning, head still reeling from her experiences at Renee's house. It hadn't helped that she had woken up to find Renee, gorgeous and nude, snuggled up to her like a cat. Cassie had said her goodbyes as quickly as she could while Renee yawned and stretched, perfectly showcasing her soft brown tits. They had promised to catch up soon, and Cassie had managed to leave before Renee seemed to realize how hard she was blushing.
She had hoped that relaxing at home for the rest of the weekend would bring her a sense of normalcy and stability, but nothing could be further from the truth.
Her mom was the first one she saw when she walked in the door, and she could tell right away something was wrong. She had worshiped her mother for years, and even though they were having an extended fight, she still did to a certain extent. Her mother would always be the beautiful, confident, powerful woman that Cassie one day hoped to be like. But Cassie just felt like she deserved more respect. It felt like her mother still saw her as a little girl, and not as the woman she had become.
Today it was very clear that her mother saw her as a woman. Gina sat at the kitchen counter, wearing her somewhat sexy silk nightgown, which had ridden up at the leg, showing a smooth expanse of tanned thigh. The low neckline of the silky nightwear, which only Daren would normally see, showed a generous amount of cleavage, which Cassie found more fascinating than she was prepared to admit. Her wild, over-sexed evening with Melissa and her nude awakening with Renee had made her horny and confused. She knew she shouldn't be seeing Gina this way, but she couldn't stop herself. And something was different about her mother as well.
Gina was as horny as Cassie was.
Something about Gina's posture, her expression, maybe her breathing, made it obvious. Her mother was crackling with sexual energy. As Cassie came in, her mother's eyes locked on to her. And not her face, at least initially. Cassie's eyes widened as her mother's gaze traveled slowly up her body, lingering on her hips, between her legs, on her tits. Finally, the deep blue eyes leaped upwards, and Cassie felt a surge of electric chemistry as Gina's smoldering eyes stared deep into her own.
"Uh... good morning, mom! I'm back." Said Cassie, struggling to keep her voice normal under her mother's intense gaze.
"I can see that." Snapped Gina, breaking the long, sultry stare and hunching slightly over her coffee, "Don't you have some homework to do or something?"
The memory of Melissa and Renee taunting her about being attracted to her own mommy wouldn't get out of her head. It was silly. She wasn't some kind of pervert, her mother was just an objectively hot woman. Her eyes ran up and down Gina's toned, tanned legs as she blushed furiously. It looked like her mom was about to say something else, but Cassie couldn't handle the situation anymore. She retreated hastily to her room, breathing deeply, trying to stay calm. Surely she had just misinterpreted an innocent glance from her mother. There was no possible way that her brilliant, sexy mother was checking out her own daughter. The very idea was crazy. The only issue was the crazy sexual night she had just had. What she needed was a hot shower to wash away both the sweat and the lingering feelings from last night.
The shower didn't help all that much. The steamy water and the feel of her hands on her own body felt like they were making things worse in fact. Maybe what she needed was to relax in some pjs and take her mind off things.
Unfortunately, on the way back to her room in only a towel, she ran into her father.
"Oh, hi sweetie." He said with a smile. He looked happy to see her, if a bit distracted. "How was your night at your friend's place?"
"Um. Hi Daddy!" She squeaked, painfully aware that the small towel was all that stood between her naked body and her dad. "It was really fun. How was your night?"
A shadow passed over Daren's face, and he stared into the distance. Well, thank god he isn't leering like mom, thought Cassie. Sweet, silly daddy. He had trouble even recognizing that she wasn't five anymore, let alone seeing her sexually. She felt guilty for even considering that he would look at her that way. She felt extra guilty about cumming so hard to the daddy daughter porn that Melissa had teased her about.
Cassie cleared her throat nervously. Daddy might not be checking her out, but he was inadvertently blocking her way to her bedroom, forcing her to stand in the hallway in her skimpy towel.
"Oh! Sorry sweetie!" Said Daren, jumping, "I'll get out of your way. See you later, kiddo." He squeezed past her, swooping in to give her a quick kiss on the cheek. It brought him close enough for Cassie to smell his cologne, and feel the stubble scrape her cheek. She shuddered. She needed to calm down, after last night she was just a puddle of sexual urges, and this morning it was manifesting in a lot of inappropriate ways.
She finally made it to her room and dropped the towel. At least Daddy was treating her normally. That was the sort of stability that she needed right now. Maybe they could do something together later today. He clearly had something going on with him. They could probably both use the distraction.
Cassie slid open her panty drawer and almost reached in without thinking before she saw what was sitting on the top. A crumpled pair of her dirty panties had been placed in the center of the drawer, on top the clean, folded pairs. Cassie's eyebrows furrowed. That was strange. Had she placed them there accidentally when she was dressing to go to Renee's?
Cassie slowly reached out and picked them up between a thumb and forefinger, already suspecting that there was some darker reason for them to be there. Her heart pounded and her mouth went dry as she noticed the sticky, half dried goo coating the inside of her favorite pair of panties. She numbly observed that the load had been so large that the panties couldn't contain it, the formerly clean pairs beneath it now had little stiff drops and speckles of dried cum on them from where the soiled pair had leaked.
She dropped the panties with a horrified little squeak, watching them hit the floor between her feet. She hurriedly wiped her fingers on her naked thigh, then stumbled back and flopped onto her bed, her brain spinning.
What did this mean exactly? It couldn't be... Maybe someone had broken in. And not stolen anything, just jerked off in her panties? Maybe her parents had a guest over last night? Her mind raced for alternative solutions, but the fact remained that there was only one male with regular access to her bedroom.
Daddy.
Her daddy had stolen her favorite pair of panties and filled them with his jizz. Her sweet, loveable goof of a dad. It was fucked up. And he had left them there. Hadn't even tried to hide it. He wanted her to know what he had done. Why?
Did daddy want to fuck her? Her face grew hot as she considered the possibility. Leaving the panties in her drawer had been intrusive. Aggressive. A violation. It felt like a dominant, crude declaration of his impure intentions. It didn't feel like Daddy at all, but then again, if he did this kind of thing, how well did she really know him?
She should be horrified. Grossed out. Furious. Instead, she was incredibly turned on. Maybe it was all of the sexual tension or the dirty talk Melissa had fed her about fathers, but the idea that her daddy wanted her sizzled in Cassie's brain like a live coal.
She needed some relief, something to clear her mind. What she needed was a masturbation session. She locked her door and pulled out her phone to text Renee.
[Hello again Renee. Thanks again for the great sleepover. I wanted to do a little more exploration tonight. Do you maybe have any more of those videos about stepfathers?]
She didn't have to wait long for a reply.
[Hey Kissy! So, you want to rub one out to some daddy/daughter stuff? I thought you would never ask!]
Cassie lay down on her bed and spread her legs a little as she opened the first of the many links Renee was pouring into the chat log.
...
Masturbating her brain away all Saturday evening had helped Cassie restore a sense of balance. She still wasn't sure what to make of the ruined panties she had found in her drawer, but she had decided to take a wait-and-see approach. If Daren really was after her, this wouldn't be his final move.
As far as her mom went, she had convinced herself that she had been mistaken about Gina checking her out. Her horny, mixed-up brain had probably conflated a cranky look from her tired mother with her own confused sexual yearnings. Completely her fault.
When she saw her mom headed out the door for an errand, she asked if she could go along. A mother-daughter shopping trip would cure Cassie's strange awkwardness, and maybe even chip away at their recent frosty relationship.
But Gina's response only left Cassie feeling more confused. Gina had stopped, giving her another appraising, almost hungry look, her eyes lingering again over her daughter's body, then turned on her heel and left with a gruff refusal.
After that, she had eaten a somewhat tense lunch with her dad, trying to gauge his reactions towards her for signs of taboo lust. Confusingly, it seemed like he had trouble focusing on her at all, his eyes frequently a million miles away. Something strange was definitely happening with him, but she couldn't understand how it could be connected to the defiled panties she had found in her drawer. Suddenly it felt like the safe, comfortable home she had grown up in had become a twisted sexual battlefield.
She spent most of the afternoon trying to distract herself with some video games, and only partially succeeding. She was interrupted in the afternoon by a text from Peter.
[Hey Kissy!] Smiley face.
[I know it is sudden, but would you like to go on a date tomorrow? Now that we are dating, I think it's time we hang out more!]
She couldn't help but smile. She was feeling a lot more confident about their relationship now that she had practiced her kissing and gotten some tips about boys from Renee and Melissa.
[Yes! I would love to Peter!]
[Awesome! Let's go together after school!]
Well, at least she had that to look forward to. It wasn't like things could get any weirder here at home.
That assumption turned out to be wrong.
When she walked into the kitchen to get some snacks that evening, she could clearly hear the sound of pornography playing loudly in the laundry room, accompanied by feminine whines and grunts that could only come from her mom. She saw her dad, sitting stiffly on the couch in the living room, clearly hearing the same thing she was.
What the fuck was Gina doing? She had never had any desire to know about her parent's sex life before this point, but her curiosity burned. She waited for her moment, and eventually, it came. Daren got up and moved to her bathroom and she seized her chance.
Gina had obviously locked the door to the laundry room to prevent snooping, but her parents didn't seem to be aware that the weak old locks in their house could be easily opened with a butter knife. Cassie slid the door open just a crack. Just to get a peek and satisfy her curiosity.
Her mouth dropped open, dumbfounded. It had to be one of the most erotic images she had seen in her life, pornography included. Her curvy, naked bombshell of a mother sat leaned back, legs spread on the rumbling dryer, holding some sort of vibrating device to her clit. Both her round, tanned ass and soaking wet pussy were stuffed with sex toys, and her free hand was holding her own breast to her mouth, where her mouth busily sucked and slurped and bit at the nipple. The other nipple held a painful-looking clamp, and the whole look was completed by a silvery blindfold covering her eyes and nose.
Cassie's heart pounded as she eased the door further open. The blindfold looked thick enough that Her mom would never realize she was there, and the loud interracial gangbang porn playing on the small television would mask any sounds she would make. Cassie inched closer to her frantically masturbating mommy, her own pussy growing wet at the sight of her mother's wanton behavior. It was too much. The woman from that erotic photo was here in the flesh. Close enough to... touch. No, that would be a disaster. Cassie wanted badly to join in, to masturbate as well. She fumbled at her crotch above her pajama pants.
Gina's groans and whimpers grew louder, muffled by her mouth full of breast flesh. Could she sense another presence in the room? Cassie suddenly felt that her presence was too risky, even with the blindfold.
She turned to leave, then turned back, biting her lip. She couldn't resist. She pulled out her phone, and quickly and silently snapped a few photos from various angles, as her mommy's toes began to curl and she let out a series of stifled moans, her hips bucking against the sex toy in her hand.
Cassie then swiftly and quietly left the room, closing the door behind her just as Gina reached up to remove the blindfold. Luckily for her, Daren was still in the bathroom. As she hurried back to her bedroom, she texted Renee once again.
[Sorry to bother you again, Renee. Do you happen to know of any videos of stepmoms and daughters together?]
Renee was quick to respond again.
[Oh shit, you kinky little slut! I'm into it! Absolutely. Not as common of a fetish, but I can definitely hook you up.]
For the second night in a row, Cassie masturbated late into the night fantasizing about one of her parents.
She didn't end up using many of the videos Renee had sent. The photos she had taken that evening worked much better.
...
After school the next day, Cassie excitedly met Peter on the steps outside the school. She was skipping cheer practice for this, but luckily, despite her struggle to nail down the routine, Renee seemed totally on board.
"Yeah, girl!" She had said with an excited grin when Cassie told her during lunch, "You go wow your man with all those things we taught you."
"Hell yeah," Said Melissa with a gleam in her eye, "and remember, boys like girls to be submissive. Just go with the flow."
And now here she was, walking hand in hand with Peter, who looked just as excited as her. She was wearing another outfit recommended by Renee: a skirt she would normally consider a bit too short with high socks and a blindingly white tank top.
"So where are we going on our big first date, Mr. Boyfriend? The movies? A fancy restaurant? A romantic picnic?" She said in a teasing, flirty voice. She was ready to have a fun, light afternoon with her longtime crush.
"Oh, uh..." Said Peter, looking a little awkward, "I figured that we could just spend some time hanging out at my house."
Cassie worked to keep herself from frowning. She had been over to Peter's house dozens of times when they were just friends so that hardly seemed special. Well whatever, Peter was just inexperienced with being a boyfriend, and maybe it was better to keep things a little more casual and ease into the romantic stuff.
That explained why they were walking. Peter lived within an easy 7-minute walk of the high school. During the walk, Cassie couldn't help but notice that Peter seemed to be getting more and more nervous. His hand was growing a little sweaty, and his smile seemed almost manic.
His slightly hunched walk didn't help to hide his boner as much as he clearly hoped it did. Cassie tried to avoid feeling exasperation. This was not turning out as romantic as she had hoped.
When they arrived at Peter's house, the driveway was empty, and when he unlocked the door, the house was dark and silent. Cassie began to get a sneaking suspicion in her gut.
"Peter," she said neutrally, "Where are your parents?"
"Oh, uh, haha," said Peter, looking jittery, his boner almost bursting through his jeans, "My dad had an out-of-state work trip this week, and my mom went with him. So I was, you know, sort of hoping that we could just hang out here this week, just the two of us."
He was awkwardly approaching, a hungry, unsubtle look on his face. Cassie suppressed her crushing disappointment. Her first date with Peter, which she had imagined so many times, turned out to be a crude booty call. She was still a virgin, and her first time would be on a poorly planned first date.
Peter gripped her by the shoulders and came in for another stiff, awkward kiss. Go with the flow, Melissa and Renee said. Men like submissive women. Well, thought Cassie, it doesn't get more submissive than allowing this awkward, unromantic excuse for a boyfriend to take my virginity. She hoped Peter appreciated this. It would all be worth it when they got married someday.
Melissa and Renee's kissing practice was actually helpful, although Peter started out as stiff as before, Cassie's soft, wet, yielding mouth soon helped him to relax and enjoy the experience.
He still wasn't a very good kisser. And his clumsy pawing at Cassie's boobs did nothing to improve the mood. After a few minutes of making out on the couch, Peter seemed to decide that the time had come. He started fumbling with his pants with shaky fingers, dropping them to the floor in a sweaty tangle of briefs and jeans.
Cassie was ready to try. She had seen an awful lot of sex in the last few weeks in the videos Renee had made her watch. She gave Peter another deep kiss as she ran a small hand up his pale skinny leg. Her hand reached his crotch, closing softly around a hard, hot, disappointingly small shaft.
Peter groaned into her mouth.
"W-wait. Noooooooo. Kissyyyyyy." He let out an oddly high-pitched moan as Cassie felt hot goo splatter over her hand and skirt.
Cassie backed away, feeling disgusted.
"Wait, Kissy." Whined Peter, reaching a hand out as his deflating dick dripped more cum on his parent's sofa, "I'm sorry! You're just so hot. Give me another chance. I can do it better. Just give me a minute."
"I... I need to use the bathroom." Muttered Cassie, retreating to the familiar bathroom she had visited many times when she and Peter were just friends.
Cassie washed her hands three times before she was satisfied that there was no slimy residue. She couldn't believe how disappointed she was. Not only had Peter utterly failed at being romantic, he had also failed at skipping directly to sex. Cassie sat on the toilet, dabbing at the wet slimy stains on her skirt. How could she explain this to Rene? Her phone suddenly started ringing, giving her a scare. It was Renee calling. Should she answer it? She debated for a moment before accepting the call. She needed the support.
"Hey hey there Juliet!" Came Renee's cheerful voice, "How is Romeo doing on your date?"
"Not so good Renee," said Cassie, trying to remain quiet enough that Peter couldn't hear from outside, "It s-sort of went all wrong."
"What? What do you mean? Where are you right now?" Came Renee's concerned voice.
"We are at his house. His parents aren't home." she added with bitter sarcasm.
"On your first damn date?!? That little perv! I knew he wasn't right for you. You sit tight there Kissy, I'm leaving practice right now to come get you."
"No, Renee, that's ok, it's fine." Said Cassie, secretly happy that her friend was showing so much concern. "Would you even know where to go?"
"I insist, girlfriend. Melissa can handle things here. I know exactly where you are, I have 'find my friends' on your phone, remember?"
Cassie didn't remember ever setting that up but felt a lot better knowing Renee was on her way.
Less than ten minutes later, the doorbell rang and Cassie nervously exited the bathroom. Renee was standing framed in the doorway still in her cheer uniform, hip cocked sassily and raising an eyebrow at the cowering form of Peter. She looked like a sexy knight in shining armor to Cassie, here to whisk her away from this awkward, sad, disappointing situation.
"There's my girl!" Shouted Renee over Peter's shoulder, causing him to turn with an ashamed, pleading look in his eye. "C'mon Kissy, let's get out of here."
"Wait, Kissy," said Peter pathetically, "Don't leave, I'm sorry. Let's start over. We can do it right this time."
"She's not doing anything with you, babydick." Said Renee acidly, holding out a hand. Cassie took it gratefully, turning back once on the way to the car to see Peter watching her, slumped and defeated, from the doorway.
Renee drove her straight home, for once, letting a comfortable silence hang between them. Not pushing for the juicy details. She only mentioned casually right as she dropped Cassie off that they and Melissa should have a long talk when Cassie was ready to talk about what had happened.
Cassie had a dozen messages from Peter on her phone by the time she got to her room.
She blocked him without reading them.
...
Renee smiled on her way back to practice.
Victor had taught her that sometimes the best way to make a submissive dependent on you was to eliminate all their other pillars of support.
Kelsey had jumped ship to stay popular.
Peter was now an awkward memory.
Some even Kissy's parents would have such a twisted relationship with her that they would get turned on by her corruption.
Who else could Kissy turn to now except her bestie Renee?
...
[Lol. I never thought that little picture would cause such a fuss.]
Daren stared unhappily at his phone. He wasn't sure what he had expected when texting Renee. She seemed to claim some sort of ownership over him, so maybe he had hoped she would pull some strings to keep Charlie from controlling him. That didn't seem to be her reaction.
[Well, you were right to bring this to me, Puppy. Another person fucking with your sexuality right now could throw my whole training regime out of whack. In this case, though, I'm fine with it. Think about it. A struggle to protect your daughter, what could be more manly than that?]
Daren grimaced. So much for outside help. Maybe it would have been smarter to hide this from Renee... Well, as long as he was in conversation with her, he might as well try a different tack.
[Mistress, I made up with Gina last night. I was hoping that I could have a really romantic evening with her to get back on the right foot.]
Daren hoped that by introducing the idea of unlocking his cage without asking outright, he might be able to finesse Renee a little.
[I see where you are going with this, Puppy.]
Daren held his breath, hoping for a favorable response.
[That means tonight is the perfect opportunity for a home-cooked meal. Good thinking! Make sure to make it extra creamy.]
Shit. Daren had almost succeeded in blocking out the thought of Victor's cum, hidden in the back of the fridge under some old celery. He should have known that Renee would still have it at the top of her mind.
[Do it, Puppy. Your mistress demands it. If you manage to feed her some without getting caught, I will be happy with you. Very happy. So happy you might even get a little reward."] She followed that up with a heart emoji, then signed off.
Daren sighed. A little cum wouldn't hurt Gina, she would never even know. And if he did this, maybe Renee would be pleased enough to temporarily unlock his chastity device. He pulled out his phone and started looking up recipe ideas.
...
Later that evening, Daren looked down at the bubbling alfredo sauce. It was almost finished. Homemade Shrimp Alfredo was a favorite of Gina's and was something he had made often before. It also just felt like a... inconspicuous choice. His eyes slid over to the cool vial in his hand, the lid already removed, beads of condensation forming on its surface. It was now or never.
He tipped the vial over into the sauce, watching the viscous, bright white fluid blob out into the fragrant sauce, ruining it. It was a surprisingly large amount. It couldn't be just one load, multiple must have been combined into one vial. It took only a few quick stirs for the disgusting fluid to incorporate smoothly into the creamy sauce.
Daren walked over to the garbage can and shoved the empty vial deep inside, wrinkling his nose in disgust as he covered it with other trash. There. The deed was done. So much for the easy part.
Just as he was thinking that, the door opened, and Gina walked in, moving with energy and purpose, as usual, but looking exhausted. God, even when she is a wreck, she looks gorgeous, thought Daren, studying his wife's delicate features and her new platinum hair, pulled back into a messy ponytail. His heart ached. When would things get back to the way they used to be?
Gina gave him a tired smile and a dry peck on the cheek.
"Wow honey! You cooked for me tonight? Thank you!" She sounded genuinely pleased. "It smells divine! Fix me a plate while I change out of my work clothes."
She hurried off to the bedroom, and Daren returned to the stove, now having second thoughts. Couldn't he just have one night relaxing with his wife without it being tainted by Victor? Maybe it wasn't too late to throw out the food and tell Gina that it had been ruined somehow. But even as he had the thought, he knew it wouldn't work. Gina, as tired as she was, would probably get annoyed that he had screwed up the meal, which would cause a fight and destroy the whole mood. With a heavy heart, he dished up some noodles and covered them with the thick gooey white sauce.
Daren froze as he carried the plate to the living room, where Gina liked to eat after work. He sniffed. Oh no. Although it made him ashamed to admit it, he had tasted and smelled Victor's cum the night before, and the sauce on the plate right now had a definite, detectable odor that matched his memory. It shouldn't be possible. The volume of jizz in comparison with the rest of the sauce was so small it should be completely lost. But Victor's cum must be powerful stuff. He brought his nose closer and sniffed deeply. There was no mistaking it...
"Is that for me, chef?" Said Gina happily, walking up behind him and giving him a hug She was wearing an oversized t-shirt and the short shorts she wore to relax around the house. "C'mon, hubby, let's sit. You can rub my feet while I enjoy my feast."
Damn, it was too late. It was all over. She would take one smell of the tainted food, and then ask questions he was unprepared to answer.
He followed her numbly to the living room couch, mind racing to come up with an excuse for why she should taste the food. Drawing a blank. Gina leaned back into the corner of the couch and plopped her feet into Daren's lap, wordlessly demanding a foot rub. Daren had to shift carefully so that her feet didn't come into contact with the plastic cage on his penis. These foot rubs were a frequent ritual of theirs that he disliked, but was unwilling to start an argument about. Daren began rubbing Gina's feet absentmindedly, eyes and mind fixed on the cummy pasta on his wife's plate.
"Another hard day at the office..." began Gina, launching into a venting session.
She raised the large swirl of noodles to her mouth. Steam wafted from the hot sticky noodles, and a strand of the thick sauce connected the forkful momentarily with the surface of the plate. Daren opened his mouth, trying to say something, anything before his wife did something she couldn't undo.
He couldn't get anything out in time. The saucy noodles disappeared into Gina's mouth as Daren watched in horror. He never would have agreed to this if he had known how disgusting it would be in practice.
Gina chewed. Then stopped, her brow furrowing. She looked at Daren. Raised her eyebrows. She continued chewing. Swallowed.
"Wow! My compliments to the chef!" Said Gina, impressed, "This stuff is fucking amazing Daren! What did you do differently this time?" To emphasize her point, she swirled up another large forkful of slimy pasta and ate it, chewing happily, rolling his boss's cum around her mouth in order to taste it more fully.
Daren's mind felt blank. She could clearly taste something different. And she fucking loved it. It was delicious to her. His wife thought Victor's cum was the yummiest, most mind-blowing taste she had ever had. He had to come up with a convincing lie.
"I used, um... black garlic." He said, saying the first thing that popped into his head, "It's a special kind of fermented garlic."
Gina nodded, savoring another sloppy mouthful. She wiped a stray blob of sauce off of her lip and sucked it off her finger with a slurp. "Yeeeah, I can taste it! Fermented, huh? It does have a sort of tangy, funky taste. I love it, babe! If this is black garlic, I don't know if I want to go back to white!"
Daren felt his dick straining against its plastic cage. This situation should be disgusting and guilt-inducing, but he had fallen so far that the thought of feeding his unsuspecting wife his rival's cum was turning him on.
The front door opened, and Cassie walked through, looking almost as tired as her mother. Gina was just finishing the last of her plate, using her fork to scrape up every last bit of the tainted sauce that she could, using her tongue to lick the fork spotless.
"Welcome home, Cass." Said Gina warmly, clearly feeling happy and content from the meal she had so enjoyed. Cassie looked surprised at the warm greeting. Nerves had been a bit frayed around the house this week, and the positive atmosphere was clearly a surprise. Cassie broke out into a smile matching her mother's. "Thanks, Gina. Glad to be back." She said, with only a gentle touch of irony.
"Why don't you grab a plate of this pasta your father made, sweetie." Said Gina, rising from the couch. "I'm about to grab seconds myself. It's incredible! Your father is quite the chef."
Daren found himself scrambling again for an excuse. He couldn't let Cassie eat the befouled pasta. His mouth opened and closed, but no sound came out. He was even worse off this time, there didn't seem to be any rational reason he could think of that Gina could eat the pasta, but Cassie shouldn't.
His stomach did flips as he saw Gina and Cassie returning from the kitchen, both with plates heaping with creamy white pasta.
"Uh, no Cassie," He tried lamely, "That pasta is just for your mother, I made it especially for her."
Cassie cast a confused glance at her mother, who in turn cast an unamused look at Daren.
"Don't be weird honey. There is plenty of food, and I want her to have some. Go on Cass, eat up." And with that, Gina stuck another bite into her mouth.
Cassie took a small twirl of the sloppy, gluey noodles and lifted them to her mouth. Daren winced, but couldn't take his eyes off her as the jizzy noodles passed her innocent little lips.
As she tasted the dish, Cassie's nose wrinkled slightly, and her eyebrows drew together in confusion. She swallowed in a gulp, but looked down at the plate with suspicion, not taking another bite.
"Are you sure these noodles are ok, Gina? They taste a little weird." Daren's heart pounded. This is where it all fell apart. Now he wouldn't just be the pervert who fed another man's cum to his wife, but also to his daughter.
"Nonsense!" said Gina confidently, "It's just the special ingredient your dad used. Here..." She speared some noodles from her own plate with a piece of shrimp, "Try it again, sweetie. It's an acquired taste, but if you keep tasting it, I know you are going to love it." Gina hovered her fork over to Cassie, and although their sweet daughter looked a little reluctant, she obediently opened her mouth. The slimy load pushed inside, smearing the white sticky sauce across her lips. Gina used a gentle thumb to wipe away the messy sauce for Cassie's lips, and stuck the thumb in her own mouth, gently sucking to remove the delicious sauce.
Cassie chewed slowly, a thoughtful look on her face.
"You're right, Gina," she said with a smile, "I thought it was a little gross at first, but it is starting to taste better and better."
"Why aren't you eating any, dear?" Said Gina suddenly, through another mouthful of pasta.
Daren froze up again. Why hadn't he just made one serving for Gina? He had foolishly made the same size that he normally did, in the hopes that it would dilute the cum enough to be undetectable, but now he was trapped.
"I'm just not feeling hungry, honey." He said with a shaky smile. Hopefully, Gina would drop it.
"I get it, it's this weird 'this food is just for you Gina' stuff again." She said with fond exasperation, "For the last time, there is plenty. Grab a plate, I will still have enough for work tomorrow."
Caught again in a web of his own lies, Daren returned to the kitchen and grabbed a plate with numb hands. As he took a small scoop of the pasta, his stomach roiled at the thick strands of goo that stretched from the scoop to the pan. The pasta hit his plate with an unappetizing splat. He stared down at it grimly. Maybe he could just push it around his plate if Gina was distracted.
He walked back to the living room to find Cassie and Gina in conversation.
"...but you have been making friends with the other girls, right?" said Gina, her voice muffled by food. "The routines are always hard at first, but team spirit is the real key."
"Yeah, mom." Said Cassie, seeming a little subdued, "I mean, all the other girls have been...great." She was eating with a lot more enthusiasm now, slurping up more noodles as she finished her sentence.
"We've just been talking about how Cassie has joined the cheer squad," Said Gina, explaining to Daren as he sat down, "I always told you that it was the best thing for you sweetie." She said with a smile.
Cassie's return smile seemed a little forced. If he remembered correctly, whether Cassie should join the cheer squad had been a topic of heated argument between them when Cassie had first entered high school.
"We're both very proud of you sweetie," Said Daren, trying to pretend to be too distracted by the conversation to eat. He remembered that Charlie had given him some tasks related to Cassie's cheerleading... This was probably the most natural chance he could hope for. "Do you know the captains well?"
"Yeah!" said Cassie, wiping some cream from her mouth, "Melissa and Renee! They are really nice. We're getting to be good friends."
Daren felt his tension rise as he heard Renee's name. He knew that Renee went to the same high school, and he remembered that she was on the cheer team... but he wasn't especially comfortable knowing that she and Cassie were becoming friends. She had dirty-talked him about Cassie while jerking his cock with Cassie's underwear for God's sake. The whole thing felt dangerous to him. That was a concern for another time. Right now, he was supposed to be focusing on Melissa.
"That's great, honey." He said, shifting some food around on his plate, "Is that whose house you went over to the other night? Melissa?"
"No, that was Renee's. I haven't been over to Melissa's place yet."
"Oh, well maybe you should make a plan to do that. I think it's great you are making new friends." Said Daren, with an effort to keep his voice light. He noticed Gina giving him an odd look. Was he being too transparent in suggesting Cassie go to Melissa's house? Then Gina glanced down at his plate and raised an eyebrow slightly.
Shit.
She had realized that he hadn't taken a bite yet. He was out of options. He lifted a small bite to his mouth. His stomach did an unpleasant flip. How did a straight man end up swallowing the cum of his worst enemy twice in one week? It wasn't fair. He reluctantly placed the noxious pasta in his mouth.
The taste of the cum wasn't as overpowering as he had feared, but it was definitely noticeable. His mind snapped back to Friday night, sitting naked, humiliated, and cum spattered on this same couch, the hard metal wedding band on his tongue, his boss's cum seeming to spread like oil over every part of his mouth. The taste was the same. He had never tasted cum before that night, but he already could recognize it instantly.
Gina smiled, all suspicion relieved. "Really good right? I'm going to make you cook this for me again and again. I'm getting super addicted to this stuff!"
"Yeah Daddy!" said Cassie cheerfully, "I changed my mind. You can feed me this stuff any time."
Daren swallowed, his stomach protesting. He couldn't talk about this. He needed to change the subject.
"But speaking of cheerleading, do you have your new uniform?" Said Daren abruptly. He was worried for a second that the shift was a bit too awkward, but Gina seemed on board right away.
"Oh yes, sweetie! I can't wait to see how you look!" Said Gina with enthusiasm, her worries of the day seeming to have temporarily melted away.
For some reason, Cassie seemed to not be as enthusiastic. A look of discomfort crossed her face. "Um... yeah. They did give me a uniform." She seemed to want to avoid the topic, but Daren couldn't let the chance to fulfill Charlie's command pass him by.
"Well, why don't you put it on, sweetie." He said with his best fatherly charm, "You can show us how you look. I think your mother and I are both curious to see."
"Yes!" Said Gina excitedly. She looked very pleased with the opportunity to bond with Cassie about their new shared experience. "Show me and your father what your new cheer look is like."
"I...I really don't know." Said Cassie nervously, "It sounds like it might be a little awkward, and I have some homework I really should be starting, so...."
"Nonsense." Said Gina flatly. She was using a tone that Daren knew well. It meant that she wasn't angry yet, but was prepared to work herself up to that if you kept trying her patience. "I don't see anything awkward about it, it's a uniform you are going to be wearing in front of hundreds of people. Listen to your father. We want to see that uniform."
Cassie had a deer-in-the-headlights look. What was the problem? Was she really that shy? Finally, she nodded meekly, a pink blush already forming on her pale cheeks, and scurried off to her room.
Gina had finished her plate and leaned back with a satisfied sigh. She looked over at Daren's still almost full plate and he felt forced to take yet another gut-churning bite.
"I wonder how they have changed the uniform since we were in school," She said idly, lacing a hand through Daren's "It was a different time after all. Not as many concerns about sexualizing high schoolers. Some of the stuff we wore was a little racy. They probably cover up a lot more nowadays just to avoid lawsuits. I wouldn't be surprised if... they... wore......." Gina's eyes were wide as she stared over Daren's shoulder as her sentence trailed off into nothing. Daren turned around and couldn't believe his eyes.
The hypersexualized uniform that his sweet innocent daughter was wearing would have looked more at home in a sleazy porno than on a football field. Her large tits strained against the stretchy material of the top, with the shirt short enough to leave her flat little belly exposed to the air. The skirt was short enough that, even sitting low enough on her hips that he thought he could almost see some pubes peeking out, it still went less than halfway down her thighs.
Cassie's face was beet red, and she gave the pompoms she was carrying a halfhearted shake with her face locked in a mortified expression.
Both parents studied their daughter silently, eyes roaming over the exposed and openly displayed sexuality of her young ripe body. Cassie seemed to wilt under their stares, but some parts of her body rose. Her nipples visibly stiffened and pushed hard against the clinging stretchy fabric of the tiny top, creating two hard points on the smooth surface of her barely-contained tits.
Daren couldn't take her eyes off of his daughter. The large breasts with stiff nipples, the thick squishy thighs, the wide rounded hips. She was a wet dream come to life. She was his only daughter. He couldn't stop remembering the wicked words Renee had whispered in her ears. The twisted scenario she had spun about a daddy... teaching his daughter. Suddenly it didn't seem so abstract. Suddenly Cassie's body, her face seemed to slot right into that fantasy. His dick pressed itself desperately against its plastic prison and he was suddenly thankful that it was there, protecting him from getting an obvious erection while looking at Cassie's gorgeous body.
"That is the uniform that they gave you for cheerleading?" Asked Gina in an oddly toneless voice.
Daren turned to look at Gina. This wasn't good. Gina had already had that crusade a week ago about Cassie dressing inappropriately in school. She was absolutely going to blow up over this.
"Umm. Kind of. It's a long story. This is the uniform that everyone gets when they start out..." Said Cassie in a small, deferential voice. She was now holding the pompoms up awkwardly, clearly trying to use them to cover her embarrassingly erect nipples.
Gina regarded her silently for another long minute, her eyes darting and examining every curve. If Daren didn't know better... He would say that Gina was entertaining similar thoughts to what he had been thinking moments before...
"It's..." said Gina, seeming distracted. Here it came. She would start yelling in a moment.
"It's lovely dear. It really suits you." She finished in a strangled voice, shocking both Daren and Cassie.
Cassie's wide eyes flashed from her mother over to her father. Almost pleading, looking for him to give her an excuse to retreat to her room and change.
But sadly, Daren had another obligation he had to take care of.
"Why don't we get some photos, Cassie." Said Daren casually, pulling out his phone. "We are just so proud of our little cheerleader."
"Oh, I don't know dad, maybe you had better wait until I'm out on the field..." Cassie turned back to her mother, looking for some support. Surely she couldn't be ok with this...
"I think pictures are a great idea." Said Gina, her voice a little bit smoky. Daren glanced over at her, confused. Was his wife getting turned on by this? "We want to remember this moment forever."
Cassie's face, red a moment ago, drained of color. She had just realized that her parents were a united front. They both agreed that a permanent visual record should be made of her uniform's obscene display.
Daren saw the conflict on Cassie's face. She wanted to refuse but also wanted to please her parents. Especially Gina. There was no time to lose. He had to have something to show Charlie if he wanted to keep his job. He raised his phone.
"Smile, sweetie!"
*Snap*
The photo showed a fearful Cassie, mouth open in shock, clutching her pom poms close to her chest, almost cringing away from the camera.
Gina looked over his shoulder.
"That's no good. You can barely see the uniform." She said, "Let's get some more. Put your pom poms on your hips, Cass. That will make a better picture."
Slowly and reluctantly, the red creeping back into her face, Cassie lowered her hands, revealing her engorged nipples straining against her top. She brought her hands to her hips and stood up straight. Daren snapped another picture.
To any outside observer, this picture of a curvy teen biting her lip and staring into the camera would clearly be a setup for more obscene photos to come. Maybe it was.
"Mmmmm," said Gina, looking over his shoulder at the obscene photo of their daughter. Her lips curved up into a wicked little smile. "What a good little cheerleader you make, sweetie. You're really going to motivate all the boys."
"Th-thanks, Gina." Said Cassie in a small voice, somehow looking pleased and humiliated at the same time.
"But cheerleaders don't just stand around showing off their... charming points." She said, amused. Her eyes were clearly locked onto Cassie's hard nipples. She wasn't even attempting to hide it. "There is a lot of movement involved. A lot of ... jumping. Why don't you show us some jumps, Cass?" She said sweetly, her burning eyes rising to meet Cassie's, wide and white with surprise.
"But, Gina." She said, hesitantly, "I'm not... I'm not wearing a bra..." The last part came out as a miserable whisper. Daren could see the realization there on Cassie's face. Gina could see clearly that she wasn't wearing a bra. Anyone could. But she had asked her daughter to do jumps anyway. Gina's smile was wide and predatory, her eyes eager. "Jump for us, baby girl." Daren readied his camera for the vulgar display.
The first jump was more of a hesitant little bounce. Still, Cassie's huge tits swayed and jiggled in the tight shirt, causing the fabric to ride up slightly. Somehow Cassie's face grew even redder as she struggled to tug the fabric back down into place.
"Come on, Cassie." Said Gina disapprovingly, "is that how they taught you to jump in practice? Show us a real one."
This time Cassie awkwardly jumped up stiff-legged from the ground, her tits heaving upwards, almost slapping her in the chin, only to bounce down with a painful-looking jolt as she hit the ground. The tiny shirt struggled to contain the large orbs, barely managing to stay in place. It took a long moment for the jiggling breasts to lose their momentum and come to a rest. Daren snapped a picture mid-air. It showed Cassie wincing, already anticipating the painful and embarrassing landing. She looked ridiculous.
"That's not a cheerleader jump, Cassie." Said Gina, standing up. "Try this."
She jumped up, kicking her heels up in the air and raising her hands up as though she had pompoms. "Gooo team!" She yelled. Wow, thought Daren, she still had it even this many years past high school. The jump was cute and sexy. He turned to Cassie, wondering how it would look for someone in such a skimpy uniform to perform the same move. Gina sat and leaned forward, clearly anticipating the same sight.
Cassie looked like she wanted to say something. To make one last attempt at awakening her parents' sense of shame. But the looks of hungry anticipation on their faces must have silenced her. She took a deep breath and jumped.
Cassie must have had some natural talent for cheerleading as well, just like her mother. Her volleyball experience certainly helped her jumping skills. She leaped up, kicking up her heels with her arms raised, Shouting a cheer just like her mother, but while Gina's display had been cute, this was just pornographic. The picture he snapped portrayed an enthusiastic slut, her large tits flying, hard nipples pointing skyward. Her tiny skirt had flipped up to reveal bright pink panties, and the kicked-up heels and knee-high socks showed off her legs to the camera. The word team was frozen on her face, making her look like she was smiling, pleased with the revealing situation.
She landed with another sudden jolt to her breasts, and this time they very nearly popped free, the shirt rolling upward to reveal the pale undersides of her big teen tits, held in place only by her rock-hard nipples. Daren snapped another picture, Cassie's face almost comical in its dismay and surprise looking down at her escaping breasts.
"Good girl." Said Gina, her voice hoarse, her lips parted, breathing a little heavier, "let's see it one more time." Daren looked at Gina with alarm. If Cassie jumped again, it was inevitable. Her firm young breasts would pop free and be displayed in all their nude glory to her eagerly watching parents. Cassie looked at Gina with an odd mix of emotions written on her face. Eagerness to make her mother happy, fear of her mother's intentions, and submissive arousal at being dominantly ordered around by a gorgeous older woman. Gina's face was much simpler. Pure animal lust. Glazed over eyes, rapid breathing, flushed face. Daren cleared his throat.
"I think I got the picture, honey."
Gina seemed to break out of her trance, shifting her eyes away from her indecently displayed daughter and to Daren's worried face.
"Oh, right. Good." Her eyes shifted over to Cassie and the corner of her mouth quirked up again. "Why don't we try another pose?"
Cassie, who was just finishing the task of carefully stuffing her uncooperative breasts back into her tiny top, looked up, nervous, but curious.
Gina got up off the couch, slowly stalking towards her daughter. "Have you ever tried a high kick, Cassie?" She asked innocently.
"N-no, Gina," she replied meekly, eyes down, "I think that that would be a little advanced for m-me."
Gina stood in front of Cassie, their eyes meeting at the same height. Daren saw that mother and daughter had bodies similar enough to be mirror images of each other. One blond, tan and mature, the other brunette, pale, and youthful. And, of course, one casually dressed in pajamas and the other dolled up like a pornstar.
"Nonsense, sweetheart." Said Gina, hand resting on Cassie's shoulder, "If I was flexible enough to do it, you are too. It just takes a little practice. Here, I'll help you." She reached down and grabbed Cassie's leg. She glanced back at Daren with a naughty smile. "Make sure you get this, baby."
Gina hoisted Cassie's leg into the air, quickly at first, then more slowly as Cassie's inexperienced body protested the extreme stretching. The tiny skirt almost immediately failed in its primary purpose of protecting Cassie's dignity. It hiked up over Cassie's hips as her leg lifted into the air, revealing almost all of her panty-covered ass and pussy.
Gina gripped a stocking-covered calf tightly as her hand rose into the air. Cassie looked alarmed, struggling for balance, her tits wobbling as she shifted her center of balance desperately to stay on her foot.
"Gina, I can't! Please!" She squeaked as her leg rose to shoulder level.
"When I was your age, I could raise my leg almost parallel to my body," said Gina with a determined look in her eye. Her other hand reached down, sinking deeply into the soft, pale flesh between Cassie's pussy and the top of her socks. Cassie gasped as she felt her mother's firm hand grip her upper thigh and continue to lift her leg.
The leg raised even higher, Cassie whimpering a little at the unexpected wear on her tendons and muscles.
"There!" Said Gina triumphantly, "Now, grab your ankle." Cassie did as her mother commanded, and Gina remained there, hand gripping Cassie's upper thigh to steady her.
*snap*
The photo showed a grinning Gina, hand resting possessively on her daughter's tender inner thigh, facing the camera with an expression of delight. Cassie looked significantly less pleased, her curvy body straining to maintain the extreme position, her face drawn into an expression of discomfort and extreme embarrassment. Her pink panties were on full display, and even at this distance, the camera clearly picked up the dark wet spot on the cloth directly between her legs.
Gina released her daughter, catching her as she almost collapsed. Cassie looked relieved.
"Is that all," she said, looking back and forth between Gina and Daren nervously, "can I ch-change back?"
"Not quite," said Gina, amusement in her voice. "There's one more pose that I think would look really great."
She spun Cassie around to face Daren and began applying firm pressure to Cassie's shoulders, pushing her downwards until her knees hit the floor, her legs spraying outwards.
"One thing I remember about my time as a cheerleader is that cheerleaders ended up on their knees an awful lot." Cassie looked up over her shoulder at her grinning mother, "for cheers of course," Gina added belatedly.
"Come over here darling, get a good picture of how your little cheerleader looks on her knees."
Daren rose and walked over, watching Cassie's eyes follow him with concern, pleading, and... did he see arousal, or did he just want to see it?
He stood above his daughter and snapped the photo.
In many ways, it was less revealing than the other photos. But this photo was the least appropriate of them all.
Cassie kneeled, defeated, staring up at the camera with soft, docile eyes. Her mother's hands resting on her shoulders. The implication was clear. Cassie was willing, obedient, and ready to be commanded.
Instinctively, Daren reached down and tucked a strand of hair behind his daughter's ear, his hand resting on her cheek. She flinched, but then cautiously nuzzled her cheek against his hand. Her eyes locked to his, filled with softly burning passion. He looked up to Gina, who was giving him a wide evil grin. She placed a hand softly on the back of Cassie's head. Ready to apply convincing pressure.
Daren could see it in his mind's eye. Unzipping and releasing his hard cock from his pants. Gina, far from protesting, firmly instructing Cassie to service her daddy. Cassie, reluctant at first, yielding to the gentle pressure to her head from her mother's hand. His cock, slightly grazing her soft lips, entering the forbidden cave of her innocent mouth. Her little tongue probing, exploring, discovering every line of his engorged penis. Gina removing the embarrassing uniform, then her own clothes as well. The frenzied, taboo debauchery that would follow, late into the night.
His cock was locked in plastic.
Daren withdrew his hand.
"I think I have all the photos I need." He said flatly, putting his phone back in his pocket.
Gina and Cassie's faces did an identical transformation from shock to deep shame and self-loathing, and Cassie scrambled to her feet and ran to her bedroom.
Gina stood there a moment more, before retreating to the bathroom, refusing to meet his eye.
Daren flopped down on the couch, alone. He would have to talk to Renee again about getting unlocked. He remembered that he was supposed to bring her the first college admissions letter that Cassie got. One from Yale had just shown up in the mail today. He had snagged it and hidden it in his briefcase. Maybe he could set up a meeting tomorrow. Something had to give because he felt right now like he had never needed to cum more in his life
...
The next day, Renee and Melissa listened, mouths open, too stunned to speak.
Cassie finished her story, nervously looking back and forth between them, waiting for a reaction.
"Holy shit." Said Melissa, beaming as though she won the lottery, "That is..."
"So fucking hot!" Squealed Renee excitedly, "Oh my God Kissy, you must be so excited!"
Cassie was confused but relieved that her two friends weren't disgusted and treating her like a pariah. She was still processing the strange climax to the sexual tension that had been building in her house all week. She still couldn't believe the gentle yearning on her father's face, the primal lust on her mother's. She wondered what they were planning to use the images from the perverse photoshoot for. Maybe she would be finding more presents in her panty drawer.
"Really," she said cautiously, "Don't you guys think that it's a little... fucked up?"
"Oh come on." Scoffed Renee, giving her a playful swat on the arm, "Do you know why incest is taboo in the first place? Because of genetic problems when daddies and daughters have babies. You aren't planning on having a baby with daddy Daren, are you?"
"Eww, no! Gross Renee!"
"Then no problem, girl! Green light! Get that daddy dick! Not to mention, I don't know how much you know about sex, but blowjobs don't lead to babies, so you could suck Daddy's cock all day every day, and have nothing to worry about. And as far as getting all hot and naughty with mommy, nothing to worry about at all."
"God," said Melissa, throwing an arm around her shoulder, "Think about it! A near miss on a threesome with your own mom and dad. This close! Next time it's going down for sure. So fucking hot."
"I mean, I would never do it personally," Melissa added, wrinkling her nose with amused disgust, "not in a million years, but the thought of you getting toyed with by your hot mommy, then getting pumped full of daddy jizz? That's some of the nastiest, dirtiest, horniest shit I've ever heard."
Cassie was reeling a little with all of the support. She still wasn't sure how she felt about last night, but her two friends seemed to see it as a huge win.
"I'm not sure guys, I mean, it feels kind of wrong to do that sort of thing with Daddy and Gina..."
"For the last time, dummy!" said Renee affectionately, "Do you know how many girls have daddy or mommy fetishes? How many do you think would be thrown out of the house or sent to a shrink if they ever acted on them? Not only are you in the clear, but it sounds like your parents are just as into it! You basically won the lottery."
"Why do you call her Gina?" Asked Melissa bluntly, staring her right in the eyes.
"Yeah," agreed Renee, joining the staredown, "why not Mom?"
"Well..." said Cassie delicately, "things have been tense between us for a little while, and until she starts respecting me a little more..." She had never put this into words before, the change had just been something that she had started doing one day, another weapon in the cold war with her mom.
"But you call your Dad, Daddy?" said Melissa, looking confused, "That seems a little unfair."
"Ok, Kissy." said Renee decisively, clapping her hands together, "I've got a new plan for you. This thing going on with your parents is super positive, but we need to make sure that things happen just right, or it could get awkward."
She held up a slim brown finger. "Step one: show your parents warm affection. Everybody is probably feeling a little awkward and unsure after last night. You need to make sure that they know that, far from ruining your relationships, the experience made you feel closer to them."
She held up a second finger, "Which ties in directly with step two. Name changes. For Daren, it seems like it has sometimes been Dad, sometimes even Father, and on special occasions Daddy. Now it's going to be daddy all the time. Make him feel like you are his little princess. More importantly, no more of this "Gina" crap. It's time to chip away at these icy walls between you two." She raised her eyebrows with a naughty grin, "It sort of sounds like things are going to end up all hot and wet between you at some point anyway, so let's start that process now. From now on, Gina is "Mommy" all the time. It's going to feel weird at first, but it's important. She has been seeing you play favorites between her and Daren for a long time, this is going to show you love them both."
Cassie made a face. It sort of felt like doing that would make Gina feel like she had won, like Cassie was going to be a good little obedient girl for her. Then again, it had sort of felt... right, in a twisted and naughty sort of way, to let Gina push her around last night. Maybe she could get used to letting Gina take the reigns sometimes.
"Lastly, number three." A third manicured finger went up in front of Renee's face dramatically. "We are going to have you start dressing a little differently around the house. I have some tiny little pajama shorts I'm going to lend you. They'll be pretty tight on you, but thats a plus in this case, babe. We'll pair those with some tight silky camis. No bra or panties at home anymore, of course. Mommy and Daddy clearly like looking at your body, let's really get them drooling."
Cassie blushed. Renee's plan seemed designed to tempt her parents directly into dirty, sweaty sex with her. Was she OK with that? Could she really go through with it if it came to that?
"In any case, you need some more immediate relief, don't you girlie?" Said Renee, leaning back with a smug look on her face, "Don't worry, me and Mel have got you covered." She exchanged a knowing look with Melissa and swiped at her phone. A second later, Cassie felt her own phone vibrate as it received the message.
"We wrote you a brand new 'script'!" said Melissa, beaming, "You can use it tonight and get out all that horny energy you've been building up."
Cassie gulped. She hadn't tried again with Randochat since that first night. The idea of doing so was scary and intensely arousing,
"I sent you a link to a program." explained Renee, "Run it on your computer, and it will display an overlay of the script, like a teleprompter. It's going to be a super fun time for you!"
A look of brief concern passed over Renee's perfect face. "Just one thing, Kissy. Um... how can I put this... I know a lot of what makes this kind of script so hot is that you are demeaning yourself. I mean, the more humiliated you are, the harder you cum. That's your kink, right? Melissa and I didn't hold back. We wrote out a little made-up scenario that you're going to read. We think it will help to get you off even harder, even if it isn't one hundred percent true."
She reached out with an apologetic look and cupped Cassie's face in her hand.
"So, no hard feelings about what's in the script, ok? We are just trying to turn you on as much as we can."
...
Late that evening, after her parents had gone to bed, Cassie sat, biting her lip and staring at the Randochat welcome screen.
It was undeniable that she had cum harder than ever before in her life that night when Melissa had tied her up in front of the computer. But something in her headset off alarm bells. These stranger and more erotic things that Renee was pushing her into... they didn't seem to be satisfying her, or feeding her sexual appetite. It all just seemed to be making her more horny, more willing to try more things. Maybe the correct response was to just stop here. She wouldn't be in this high school or this town for long anyway. In less than a year, she would be shipping out to a bright new future in a college far away. Maybe it would be better to go into that process without any of this twisted sexual baggage.
Well... she thought, her finger hovering over the mouse, It couldn't hurt to just use Randochat as intended. Just chat to some people and test the waters. See how she felt about it. She clicked.
She could feel the tension in her increasing as she stumbled through some small talk with a few strangers. It felt a little awkward to talk to a girl her age in thick glasses about where they lived and what the weather was like. A guy in a dark room screamed some slurs and disconnected immediately. This wasn't so special. A little boring in fact.
The next group was a college-age guy. The talk was again meaningless pleasantries, but Cassie felt her tension increase. The guy was leaning forward, looking almost hungry. Just because she was a young, attractive girl, this guy was suddenly laser-focused. Even though she was fully clothed, his eyes still darted around the screen, seeming to focus on every detail of her body. Cassie felt a now-familiar heat begin to build up deep inside her.
The next connection was to an old man rapidly stroking his cock. Cassie gasped as the call connected, putting her hand to her mouth. As the old man saw the young pretty woman appear on the screen, his mouth broke into a wide, leering grin. His already fast pace increased. Cassie watched with sick fascination.
"Haha, you want this, you slut?" croaked the old man. He was clearly surprised that she hadn't already disconnected, as all the other callers had.
Is this what she wanted? For these dirty men to jerk off to her innocent virgin body? To encourage their filthy appetite? The disgusting old man was climaxing, squirting cum all over his hand, grunting and mumbling something about Cassie, how she wanted his cock. She disconnected from the service, bringing her back to the welcome screen. She sat for a moment, her resolve wavering, shame and self-disgust building as she realized that she wasn't strong enough to resist temptation. She got up and shakily took the lamb mask out of the desk drawer where she had hidden it.
She pulled up the program that Renee had sent her. Melissa and Renee had made her swear not to read the script beforehand. From the way Renee had talked about it, it sounded pretty bad. And she was going to read the degrading self-criticism in front of all those strange men...
She took her time slowly removing her clothes, shivering both from the cool air and the lust building inside her.
...
Renee and Melissa waited in front of Renee's computer, watching as Cassie made small talk with strangers.
"Fucking boring little bitch," griped Melissa sourly, "We do all this work to set up a great show, and she is too chickenshit to go through with it!"
"Shut up Mel," said Renee flatly, "I expected this to happen. Why do you think I told everyone midnight? Our little Kissy is still a brand-new slut. She needs to work herself up to it. Watch, the first jerkoff she sees is going to set her off."
They waited as Cassie stumbled through yet another awkward conversation.
"I can't believe that she is going to fuck her parents," said Melissa with a grin, "That is so fucked up, in a hot way of course. I can't believe that she is fantasizing about having sex with your dribbly little puppy." Melissa made a face. "I mean, if it was your dad, I would understand." She got a sneaky, gossipy look on her face, "You are both pretty freaky... Have you and Victor ever...?"
Renee took a deep breath to control her annoyance. Melissa was becoming a little too familiar.
"Fuck no." She said emphatically, "Incest is disgusting, humiliating, and degrading. Why do you think I am forcing Kissy into it?" What she didn't add is that even if she was tempted, getting tangled up with Victor Cross sexually was dangerous. It tended to not work out well for the women who did so.
Melissa looked disappointed. "Well anyway, If this randy little bitch is willing to fuck with parents, what else could we make her do?"
Renee gave Melissa a cool sidelong glance. She was a useful lackey, but she seemed to be getting a little too full of herself. Melissa was the type to be a queen bee bully herself if Renee hadn't been around. If Melissa was a hunting dog, then Renee was a Tiger. Melissa may be skilled in manipulation, but Renee was in a totally different class. She might need to think of a way to remind Melissa who was in charge here.
"No." She said finally. For now, she had better just keep an eye on Melissa rather than putting her in her place. Her work with Cassie was at a delicate point. There would come a time when she could deal with Melissa if it became a problem. "I have a set plan with Cassie. She's going to be an exhibitionist humiliation slut. Everything is working towards that. Even the creepy daddy/mommy stuff. Involving them like this will isolate her and prevent them from saving her, as well as increase her humiliation when everyone finds out. So, no crazy fucked up stuff. Anything like that at this point could ruin the whole thing. You notice that I am slow rolling the parent fucking anyway."
"Bingo!" Said Melissa, excitedly pointing at the screen. Cassie was visibly flustered, staring at an old man jerk himself off. Not switching away. They had her.
Renee felt a buzz from her phone. Ugh. It was from that little pencil dicked nerd. She texted briefly with him, and after a second of reflection, smiled as she sent him a link. She could be generous when she wanted to be.
...
Peter stared at his phone, willing Renee to answer.
[Renee, answer me, please. I need your help. I did everything you told me to, and Cassie was all upset. The things you told me didn't help at all.]
He wasn't sure how things had gone all wrong. Peter had had a crush on Cassie for years, so when Renee came to him with a surefire plan to make her his girlfriend, it seemed like a dream come true. When Cassie had that strange, sexy, horrible bullying event, it made Peter see her in a different way. Suddenly she had seemed impossibly erotic, stunningly experienced, and way out of his league. And then, Renee had come to him, commenting on his inexperience and his shy personality. She questioned whether a little boy like him would be able to handle a newly liberated woman like Cassie.
Renee's training in how to be an alpha male was a lot more... physical than he had expected. It also involved a strange amount of subservience to Renee herself, both in everyday life and in a small number of sexual encounters which still made his cock throb to remember. By the time he had planned his first date with Cassie, specifically designed with input from Renee to show his new girlfriend that he was an alpha man who took what he wanted, he was so horny and mixed up sexually that he had gotten all in his head and jizzed himself at Cassie's first touch.
He didn't understand it. He had done everything Renee had said! She was an expert in sex, their 'training sessions' had convinced him of that. So how had he failed?
His phone buzzed with a response from Renee.
[Pathetic. Tiny dick losers like you need to learn to take an L. Cassie is moving on to better, longer, thicker things, Quickshot.]
He stared in confusion. Why was she turning on him like this?
[I don't understand Mistress. Aren't you helping me to become an alpha? Can't you just train me some more?]
*Buzz*
[Don't make me laugh. I was just playing with you, nerd. The closest you could ever get to an alpha is if you dressed your beta ass up in a dress and begged to suck an alpha cock. It was fun teasing you for a while, honey, but you bored me, and I decided to cut all my side projects. Consider yourself lucky I didn't follow through with my full plans for you. Listen up, babydick. Your dick will never please any woman, and your mouth skills were equally pathetic.]
Peter stared down at the crushing text in horror.
[But I'm a good mistress to the end. Consider this my last command to you. Follow this link and think about what you lost. Jerk that tiny dick until your pathetic little balls run dry. Most people had to pay to get access, you lucky boy.]
She pasted a link to a website and some sort of reservation code.
[Don't ever contact me or Kissy again. You won't like what happens if you do.]
Peter felt a crushing despair well up in his heart. Only now did he realize what a dangerous and twisted person Renee was. What had Cassie and he gotten into? With shaking hands, he typed in the address Renee had sent him.
Up popped a basic looking website, with a picture of Cassie in the horrible outfit her bullies had made her wear displayed prominently.
Across the top of the website, large print text read:
Kissy Swallowe's Shlick-Show Debut!
Peter read the rest in horror.
Come join our high school's number-one slut this Thursday evening for a night of erotic humiliation!
This dumb bimbo thinks that she is going to be connecting to random strangers on the internet to show off her fat tits and juicy little pussy (What a horny bitch, right?!?)
Little does she know that her bullies have rigged the system! Instead of connecting to people she doesn't know, she is going to be showing off her hot naked body to her classmates!
For this to work, everyone needs to follow the rules. Break any of them, and the things that happen to you will make Kissy's fate look mild by comparison.
Mask up at all times. It is absolutely essential that Kissy not realize exactly what is happening tonight. No exposed faces. No identifying marks (tattoos, scars, etc.). Nothing in view of the camera tied to our high school. We will be checking this before the show starts. If anyone fails, they will be booted with no refund.
No talking! We will be muting your mics just in case, but this has too much risk of raising her suspicions.
No screen recordings. We know that all you horny folks are itching for new Kissy content, but this is purely a live experience. Look out for more opportunities to see Kissy being her true slutty self coming up soon.
Masturbation is not only allowed, it is encouraged! Watch as Kissy gets wetter and hotter as she sees you enjoying her ridiculous performance. Have fun, boys and girls!
Price per viewer: 50 dollars. Please contact Renee Cross or Melissa Fontaine directly for details.
A link at the bottom asked for a code and pointed to a live stream. This was crazy. So that was what that strange Cassie video call had been setting up for the other day... How had Renee convinced sweet, smart, innocent Cassie to participate in something so... trashy? Even if she was being misled, it meant that she was planning on showing off her body to strangers. Maybe she wasn't the girl he thought she was.
He glanced back down at his phone. Cassie had blocked him, but if he tried, he might be able to contact her. Warn her about what Renee was trying to do. Then again, that would certainly make him an enemy of Renee. And maybe Cassie wouldn't appreciate the warning anyway. She seemed like she was on board with masturbating on camera, would the difference between classmates and strangers be a deal breaker for her?
Maybe he had better log in and see how bad it was exactly for himself.
He had almost completely convinced himself he was doing nothing wrong by the time he had fetched the goat mask Renee had given him and logged in to the stream.
...
Three of Cassie's former best friends on the volleyball team giggled as they sipped some of the wine they had stolen from Ada's mom. They all wore plastic bunny masks from a costume shop in town, and the laptop in front of them had a bright pink screen with a cute little lamb icon. It read in Big black balloon letters: "Standing by for Kissy!"
"It can't possibly be that bad." Said Ada confidently, taking a large gulp of wine, "Renee is full of shit. I bet we don't see anything other than over-the-pants stuff."
"Which would still be pretty bad," Giggled Britney, already feeling a little light-headed from the wine, "What kind of fucked up bimbo slut does something like this?"
"I don't know, Brit, let's ask her bestie," Said Ada with a smirk, she threw a pillow playfully at the other guest, Kelsey, who sat sipping her wine with a sour expression, "Any insight into why your best friend is a kinky little whore?"
Kelsey dodged awkwardly, trying to stop her wine from spilling. She had only come tonight because of the massive peer pressure. It had been tough to dodge the fallout when Cassie had become the school slut in the minds of the entire senior class. After being pointedly invited by Ada and Britney, the two captains of the volleyball team, if she had refused they would have started talking about her too.
"She's not my friend," She said sullenly. She felt guilty about not standing by Cassie, but she had no intention of sharing her fate.
"Oh my God," said Britney, flopping back onto the bed, "Can you imagine all the dirty boys in our class out there right now, getting ready to jerk their cocks when the show starts? I bet half the boys in the senior class paid up, and every single one is going to jerk off tonight."
"Not just boys either. I bet a lot of girls are going to experiment with their sexualities a little tonight." Said Ada, a strange gleam in her eyes as she studied the swirling wine in her glass.
Britney gasped, sitting up and leaning forward. "Really? You really think we have a bunch of lesbians in our class?"
Ada waved dismissively. "Lesbian has nothing to do with it. Even the straightest girl couldn't look at a curvy slut like that humiliating herself on camera and not get a little wet. It's just a ridiculous porny body in an intensely sexual situation. It's totally natural."
"Oh my God, Ada." Said Britney, shocked, "Are you going to masturbate to this?"
Ada turned a little red, but returned her shocked glace with a challenging stare.
"Are you?" She fired back.
Britney clearly hadn't been expecting this to be turned around on her. Ada was the clear leader between the two. Britney looked like she was thinking quickly.
"I... will if you will," Britney answered slowly.
"Well... I will if you will," replied Ada, a grin spreading across her face. The two friends dissolved into giggles, clinking their wine glasses together before downing them and setting them aside.
They both dived under Ada's blanket and a moment later, tossed out their pajama shorts and panties.
"I wonder what our boyfriends would think of this," giggled Ada, "Both of us masturbating together while watching another girl."
"Those horndogs would love it!" declared Britney confidently.
Ada patted the blanket on her left-hand side, smiling at Kelsey.
"Room for one more, Kelsey. Or are you too good to have a little fun at your bestie's expense?"
Kelsey kept her eyes low, ashamed as she crawled under the blanket to join the women who were so ready to pleasure themselves over her former friend's ruin.
She wiggled her slim hips as she pulled her shorts and panties off, tossing them into the pile on the floor, cheered on by her new friends.
...
Sebastian Rivera adjusted his itchy werewolf mask again, wishing he had bought a new one instead of using a mask from a previous Halloween.
Hillary snapped her gum loudly on the bed next to him, twirling a blond lock in her fingers while swiping through social media on her phone, a little black domino mask on her cute face.
"I'm boooored babe," she whined, kicking her feet, "When is that slut supposed to perform again?"
Sebastian gritted his teeth. Hillary was a pretty good lay, but it was just about time to get rid of her. Maybe he could do it before she got pregnant, like the last few girls. Everyone on the football team, and most people at school called him Bass. Short for Sebastian. They also told people it was because he liked fishing. Even the teachers called him Bass. Only his teammates knew that it was actually short for 'bastard'. Because of how often women ended up calling him that, and on account of the three verifiable teen pregnancies he had caused.
"Again, I don't know." Said Bass, glaring at the pink standby screen. "We'll just have to think of something to do to pass the time," he said, swatting Hillary on her plump rear, causing her to giggle and snuggle up against him.
Yes, it was almost time to move on from Hillary. He was intrigued by this new Kissy Swallowe thing. He, like every red-blooded boy in the school, had noticed Cassie Harlowe's assets before. But it had always been clear that she was an ice queen who wouldn't hesitate to make trouble if anyone got impolite. It seemed like Renee had worked wonders somehow.
Maybe getting impolite with her was now an option.
...
"Here we go", said Renee seriously, checking her computer screen "She has opened the script program, which means she is getting ready to do this. Looks like we have a green light."
Melissa's eyes darted around her monitor. "Final checks are finished. We have about two dozen watch parties going. All masked up and ready to go."
"Ok Kissy," said Renee, leaning forward with hungry eyes, "Let's do a little show and tell for the class."
...
Cassie's whole body had broken out in goosebumps. Her nipples stood out hard and stiff on her chest, and her pussy was already starting to leak, her upper thighs becoming shiny. She took a deep breath and adjusted the lamb mask over her face.
She pressed the button on her computer to start the script overlay and then pressed connect.
Even after psyching herself up, the act of appearing on screen naked in front of someone almost made her pass out from the adrenaline. It was a boy who looked about her age in a messy-looking room.
Just like her, he was wearing a mask. Some cartoon character she didn't recognize. He looked shocked for a second, then hastily pulled down his shorts to reveal a short, thick cock, rapidly growing hard. Cassie felt her heart beat faster, a tinge of embarrassment and lust flickering in her belly. Her hands gripped tight over her pussy and nipples, still instinctively trying to preserve her innocence even as she willingly threw it away.
The boy on the screen began pulling his cock in long slow strokes, the soulless eyes of his mask staring into the camera.
Bright green words appeared at the bottom of the screen. Cassie cleared her throat and began to read in a strangled voice, hurrying to catch up.
"Hello boys and girls," She began. That was a weird opener. There was only one boy who could see her now, "And welcome to Kissy Swallowe's first wet, hot shlick show."
The boy on the screen sped up a little as he heard her voice. Her guts felt hot and churned at the idea that it was her body, her dirty talk that was turning him on.
"I decided to show off my pussy to all of you tonight because this is the kind of thing that gets me soaking wet."
Well, it was now or never. She had better put her money where her mouth was. She unclamped a moist hand from her pussy, her face burning as she revealed it to the camera.
The connection suddenly changed. Strange, had the boy disconnected? The new call showed a group of five young people all sitting on a couch, facing the computer. They were also wearing masks, weirdly enough. Greek comedy masks, complete with laughing, sneering faces.
She continued to read, as her blush grew hotter.
"There is nothing as hot to me as people watching me. Watching me fuck myself. Watching them lose all respect for me as they see me for what I really am, a dumb little exhibitionist slut."
She began to rub her wet pussy slowly, holding back a whimper of pleasure.
"Well, there is one thing hotter," She continued, her fingers slowly circling her clit, " Imagining what you would all like to do to me. Imagining all the boys and girls out there getting a hold of me, punishing me for my naughtiness. Teaching my tight little body a lesson. It's a little scary to think about, but it just turns me on sooooo much."
Two of the boys on the couch were grabbing their crotches over their jeans. One turned and noticed, then began doing it himself. The call abruptly disconnected, bringing up a view of three girls on a bed wearing bunny masks. Why was every call with someone wearing a mask tonight? That wasn't normal. There was movement under the blanket hiding the girls' lower halves. Oh God, were girls masturbating to her too?
"I used to think that I was smart." Said Cassie, her mouth rebelling slightly at the unexpected words. She was smart. She still thought she was smart. Of course.
"But then something opened my eyes. My bullies at school tricked me. They fooled me completely. They got me to show my fat titties and cute little ass to the whole school." The words seemed to sink into her soul. Her hand began to move feverishly, pressing hard into her pussy.
"Would a smart girl fall for that? No." She almost sobbed the last word. She hadn't thought about it that way. She felt humiliated. She felt hot and horny from head to toe.
"I'm such a dumb fucking bimbo that after that, I fell right into my bullies' hands. Now my bullies own me. Now I'm stupid little personal fuckslut for the assholes who ruined my life, " She said in a confused voice. This must be the made-up scenario that Renee was referring to. Where were they going with this? She still had no idea who her bullies were exactly. She suspected her former teammates on the volleyball team: they had been treating her very poorly ever since that day. This must be why Renee had warned her the script had lies in it. The video switched to a huge muscled man on a bed wearing a werewolf mask. In his lap, a blond woman's head bobbed up and down, sucking his large cock.
"I'm so fucking dumb that my bullies control my life now, and they plan to ruin me. To turn me into a depraved bimbo slut. They aren't going to stop with showing my naked body off to my classmates." Cassie grunted lightly, a hand reaching up to pinch a nipple. She was warming up to this fantasy scenario. The idea of being controlled and dominated by cruel bullies was kind of hot. She imagined some big hulking dumb boys ordering her around and telling her what to do. The idea was appealing. "They won't stop until my titties are the personal stress balls for the senior class, boys and girls alike. Until my pussy is the personal fleshlight for the boys, and my tongue is the personal dildo for all the girls."
"The funny thing is, despite this slutty body and my perverted nature, I'm still a virgin." Cassie colored further at this. She would never want to share this fact with anyone but anonymous strangers. The videos on the screen were changing rapidly now. "And I can tell that is making all you jerk-offs out there drool. Well, too bad for you. My bullies have it all planned out how I am going to lose my V-card, and it won't be with any one of you, you naughty boys and girls. If you are really nice, they might let you watch though. They are going to give all my biggest fans a chance to watch my slutty virgin body finally graduate to hot sloppy sex."
Cassie was getting closer. She could feel tremors starting to go through her legs. Her breathing was getting heavier. Her hand pressed more firmly on her clit.
"To finish off tonight, I want to start my campaign for Prom Queen right now. As my campaign pledge to you, I swear that on prom night we will hold a whole-class gangbang in the gym, with me as the guest of honor." Cassie gulped air, her voice had become an orgasming squeak, "And, of course, my bullies will film it for sale, with all faces but mine blurred out. So that everyone can... Jesus!... So everyone can remember that night forever! The night the sllutty high school queen said g-goodbye to self respect foooooreveeeer. Goooddddd!!"
Cassie screamed and bucked in orgasm, as a defeated-looking skinny boy in a goat mask that looked a bit familiar sadly tugged at a small hard penis. This whole thing was way too intense. Her entire session had lasted barely over five minutes.
She barely had the strength to exit the program before collapsing back on her bed and passing out from exhaustion.
...
When Kissy started talking about how she would be the personal slut to all the boys and girls in the school, Kelsey felt a hand slowly move across her thigh, taking the place of her own hand, which had been shamefully working at her pussy.
She glanced over to see Ava give her a heated, naughty grin as Ava's slim little fingers began working at Kelsey's pussy. It felt so much better than her own that it was almost unbelievable.
After a moment of hesitation, she glided her hand over Ava's warm thigh, moving it slowly to the pussy of her team captain. There was another hand already there, coming from the other side. Britney looked over to give her a shy smile, and together they began working on Ava's clit.
By the time Cassie orgasmed, the three new best friends were doing so as well, linked in a threeway mutual masturbation configuration, reconsidering their heterosexuality and fantasizing of what new depths Kissy Swallowe would fall to.
...
Sebastian grunted and shot a thick load into the back of his girlfriend's throat, holding down her head as she protested, making muffled whines. His eyes never left the image of the newly made slut on the screen, screaming out an orgasm on camera with an innocent blush still on her face.
Bass knew better than to tangle with Renee. All of the football players had learned that early on. She was a lot more dangerous than she looked. Bass wasn't a smart man, but he knew that if Renee wanted to ruin a goody-two-shoes girl like Cassie Harlowe, she would need some big strong men with big strong cocks at some point. And Bass thought he was just the man for the job.
When she had swallowed all his cum, protesting the whole time, he finally let Hillary rise from his dick, gasping for air as his slimy cock emerged from her throat.
"What the fuck, you bastard!" She said in a croaky voice, "I told you that I don't swallow cum! I'm not some kind of slut like Kissy over there!"
"I'm breaking up with you, Hillary." Said Bass emotionlessly as he picked up his phone to text Renee. "Get the fuck out of my house."
...
Gina Harlowe had made up her mind.
Things had really almost gone too far with Cassie. It was humiliating what depths horniness and desperation had driven her to. It was all Victor and Daren's fault. Never again. She would avoid her daughter like the plague if necessary to keep anything further from happening.
But in her shame and guilt afterward, Gina had finally had a lightbulb moment.
Victor and Daren did not possess the only two cocks on the planet. The solution was so simple that she couldn't believe that she hadn't thought of it before. She checked her lipstick in the mirror. Daren was sulking in the bedroom. She had told him she was going out for a girls' night, but she could tell he didn't believe her. Whatever. If he had been willing to fuck her, she wouldn't have to do this.
All she had to do was go out, find someone with a big hard cock, get some therapeutic fucking, and chase away all of this awful sexual tension that had been building up.
It wasn't really cheating, she told herself guiltily. She wasn't going out to make a love connection. Just some meaningless sex. Her makeup and tight black dress looked good. She should have no problem picking someone up at a bar.
She said goodbye to Daren and gave him a dry peck on the cheek. He wouldn't even look her in the eye. He knew exactly what was happening. She looked down to see if the cuckolding was turning him on, but somewhat to her surprise, saw no bulge in his pants. That made her doubt herself a little. Part of the reason that she had convinced herself that this would be fine was her certainty that Daren would be turned on by it.
She couldn't afford to give up her plan. Not with a hot little vixen like Cassie in the house. Something might happen that she couldn't take back. She left the house and got into her car. Took a deep breath. She was ready to do this. To knowingly leave her husband at home and have sex with a stranger.
Her phone buzzed, distracting her from psyching herself up.
Was it Daren, begging her to stay? He knew what it would take. Maybe he was ready for some makeup sex. She would gratefully welcome it.
She felt dizzy as she saw that the message was from Victor.
[Hey pretty lady. I want to meet up and talk. Are you interested?]
She couldn't believe her eyes. Was she dreaming? She checked and rechecked the message. Finally, she slumped over her steering wheel, almost crying with relief. She hadn't realized until now how much of the tension she had been feeling was because of being cut off from Victor.
Things were finally looking up.