I am going to start a series of short stories. They are just events that are not worthy of writing a whole story as I have in the past. All these short stories are real events that actually happened. I hope you enjoy them.
When Jess and I first started dating, she was already an exhibitionist. She was experienced in teasing men, providing them what appeared to be accidental exposure. In all actuality, Jess learned very early on that she enjoyed exposing herself. More importantly, she liked being in control and teasing men in a way that made them question if it was intentional or accidental. Even a stiff nipple poking through a shirt could be just an innocent reaction to a cold room. Still, Jess discovered that wearing shirts that allowed her nipples to poke through drew considerable attention from men. Jess was blessed (some women may think it a curse) with nipples that are always hard. Her nipples are not usually large. They are actually perfectly proportioned to her firm, upturned breasts. While they do get more erect when she's cold or excited, they never "go down" and can always be seen through her shirts if she does not try to intentionally hide them.
As I said, she learned early on that something so simple as displaying an erect nipple through a t-shirt would draw the eyes of men, and she loved how it made her feel. When she was younger, she would never wear bras around the house and would intentionally wear a tight thin shirt when she knew her dad's friends would be around. Sometimes she would get in trouble with her mom and would be told to put on something more appropriate. Still, she was always pushing the boundaries, allowing the guests to stare or steal glances of her breasts and nipples. She enjoyed the "peekers" much more than the ones who stared. The men who tried to sneak glances were her favorites, as they took the bait believing they were stealing taboo peaks when actually she was luring their eyes to her body for her own pleasure.
At the time of this story, Jess was 22 years old, 5'6" tall, with long blond hair, dark eyes, full firm, round C cup breasts, a nice long slim torso, flat fit stomach, long legs, perfect ass, and a gorgeous small, tight, bald pussy with beautiful little lips. To top it off, she also has a killer, almost innocent looking smile. Jess knew she was hot and sexy but never had a conceited put-off kind of way about her. She had a self-deprecating sense of humor that helped offset her looks and put people at ease.
The cherry on the sundae is that Jess also had a small hoop piercing in her clitoral hood. Jess has what is called a tulip-style pussy (Google it). It's named for how the labia minora resembles a tulip about to bloom. With the tulip shape, her labia minora is slightly visible between the labia majora all the way down her slit. Her labia minora are small and do not hang as in a curtain-shaped pussy. The point is, her hoop piercing sat perfectly on top of her hood, hanging just to where her clit peaks out. Her clitoris is not large and is mostly hidden by her hood. But when she gets excited, her clit peeks out from beneath her hood and can be seen. It also allows her ring to rub against her clit, which Jess understandably loves. Her piercing is the little hidden gem that makes her pussy and her exposure that much more taboo.
When Jess and I started dating, I told her how much I enjoyed her exhibitionist side. I enjoyed other men looking at her, and I loved her exposing herself in one way or another. It always turned me on to hear about something that happened when I was not around. I enjoyed her telling me the things that happened to her more than actually being there and seeing them. I liked that she was in control when she exposed herself, and I encouraged her, knowing how much it turned her on as well. Understanding what turned her on, her perception of the events, what went through her mind as it was happening, and how it made her feel was as much of a turn-on for me as it was for her.
This story takes place while we were on vacation at a nudist resort in Mexico in the River Maya area. You may be thinking that being nude at a resort is not exactly the teasing exhibitionism I've described above, and you'd be right. Still, Jess always found a way to make it more interesting. We had been to Haulover beach once before, so we knew what it would be like to be nude on a beach with other people, but the dynamics of being at a nude resort were new for us. At a nude beach, you go there, and you never see those people again. At a nude resort, you see people and then see them again the next day and the next. So, if you do something like teasing or possibly, even more, you will see those same people again the next day. This is good and bad, I suppose.
Anyone who has been to a resort, or even a nude beach, knows that most people who go to these places are not exactly your sexy model types. The majority are overweight, and the average age is typically older than you might think. That being so, imagine the disruption that would be caused by someone who looks like Jess, who is only 22 years old and carries herself with a carefree sexy attitude, would create. Well, I'll tell you. It was amazing.
The first day we were there, we got settled and made our way out to the pool. We started with the typical first-day resort familiarization of walking around, learning where everything was located, etc. Then, we returned to our suite and, exiting completely naked, we walked down the short path to the pool. As we entered the area around the pool, you could feel a change in mood that was almost awkward, like when the needle of a turntable is dragged across the record as it plays. For a moment, it felt as though everyone stopped what they were doing and looked our way, and as more people looked, it caught on like wildfire until virtually everyone was looking at us. At least it felt that way. We waded through the stares as we walked around to the far side of the pool where the bar was located. It was quite intoxicating to feel so many eyes on us as we paraded completely nude in front of the crowd. Jess and I both thoroughly appreciated the moment.
Even after several days at the resort, I noticed that the "stop what you are doing and check out the new people vibe" happened with regularity, and not only for Jess and me. Others got attention too. But it was obvious that our entrances always captured more than usual. Part of it was because, no doubt, we were the youngest people there. I was 35 at the time, and Jess, at 22, was by far the youngest. I'd guess that the average age at the resort had to be the early 40s, and many people were in their mid to late 50s and beyond. There might have been one other couple in their late 20s or early 30s, but other than them, we were the youngsters on the block. So, you can easily imagine how the attention focused when a completely naked 22-year-old bombshell came around the corner!
The relevant point right now is that all eyes were on Jess. I could see the women judging and the men lusting. There was not another woman that even came close to Jess's beauty at the resort. There were attractive and fit women there, but when you combine her natural beauty, her young age, and her amazingly fit body, she was just on another level. I enjoyed absorbing everyone's watchful eyes as we walked across the small pool area to the bar to get our first drink. We spent some time at the bar and then began exploring the resort, strolling along the beach and talking to a few very nice people. It was the first day, and we were tired and horny, so we made it an early night and went to our room for a night of sex and relaxation.
The real fun began the next day. The resort was small in comparison to other tropical resorts. Probably only 200 rooms. So only about 300-400 people were at the resort while we were there. They only had one large pool, broken up into multiple sections with a swim-up bar in the middle. Off from the pool was the walkway to the beach. The beach was a short 50-yard walk down the main path to where it met the sand. The beach was wide, probably another 50 years before the sand met the water's edge. The pool bar was at the end of the main walkway, with the beachside elevated for people to walk up to it, and the other side was lowered down to pool level for the swim-up bar access.
We started the morning in the pool area, laying out on chairs, but soon made it into the pool, relaxing around the bar area. We met some people and enjoyed relaxing in the sun with them. I had made reservations for one of the cabanas with lounging beds. The cabana was one of those typical resort beach lounging areas with a king-sized outdoor bed with a light canopy and 4 large pillar-style bed posts. It also had a small sitting area with a small table and 4 chairs. It was meant for 2-4 people. As luck would have it, our cabana was on the main path just past the pool area, midway between the bar and the beach. This provided us a central view of people coming to and from the beach and the bar.
Some people may not enjoy the bustle of people walking by as they were relaxing, but for us, it was perfect. I am a voyeur (go figure), so I loved the traffic, which allowed me to check out everyone that went by. Jess, as an exhibitionist, enjoyed the idea of seeing people stealing glances of her as they went by. I loved watching people check her out; it was so enticing and exciting. This cabana was a utopia for our enjoyment, and we were very excited to enjoy it to its fullest.
When we first got to our cabana, we ordered some drinks and lunch from the attendant. Then we jumped onto the bed and stretched out to relax. As our drinks arrived, we propped the pillows up on the bed so we could lean against them and look out toward the ocean. It was beautiful and very relaxing, with a light breeze coming in from the water to help keep us cool in the hot Caribbean sun. Sitting up against the pillows, we enjoyed watching nude couples come by, enjoying their naked bodies and commenting on what we liked about them and if anything about them turned us on. I am sure they were doing exactly the same thing to us.
A nice-looking couple came by, and I whispered to Jess, "Check her body out. She has really nice tits."
"Yes, they are nice. Are they real or fake?" she asked.
"Oh, I'm sure they're fake. She's probably 40, and those babies are sitting up high. They look really nice and too good to be true. But either way, they look incredible," I replied.
"I thought the guys here would have bigger dicks, you know?" Jess said, with a hint of disappointment in her voice. "I'm surprised that most of them are small, or I guess would be called average. I mean, we've only seen one or two larger ones, and they weren't huge like John or anything," she commented. John was our friend who we had a couple of threesomes with. His cock was very large, mostly due to his girth and head size. When soft, his cock hung long and full. So far, there was nobody here that came close to his size.
"I told you nudists would not be these hung, movie star-looking people. Just average people who like to be naked. But I'm sure a bunch of them are swingers, too," I told her.
"I know you did, but I still assumed the guys would be packing more. Oh, here comes Charlie, Diane, and that other couple from the bar. Let's check them out," she said.
We had been hanging with two couples at the bar earlier that day before we came to the cabana. The other couples she mentioned were Damian and Dawn. In the pool, we talked mostly with Charlie and Diane, as Damian and Dawn were talking to other people and were not near us that much. Even though Damian was not close to us often in the pool, he could not keep his eyes off Jess from afar, stealing glances every chance he got. In the pool, everyone was standing in waist-deep water around the swim-up bar, so even though we were standing face to face while we chatted, the water hid a lot of what everyone's bodies looked like. Now, as they approached, we got a great view of both couples.
Charlie and Diane were in their late 40's, maybe early 50's. They were both a bit on the heavier side. Diane had very large breasts that hung down with their weight. Her nipples and areola were extremely large, like small sand dollars large. She had wide hips, a large butt and thick thighs. She had a full dark bush covering her pussy. Charlie was also heavy, with a large beer belly but thin arms and legs. His bushy pubic hair only made his already smaller-sized penis look even smaller. Conversely, he had large, low-hanging balls that bounced off his legs slightly as he walked.
Damian and Dawn were the opposite of Charlie and Diane. Dawn was early to mid-40s, but unlike Diane, she obviously took very good care of herself, and you could tell by her muscular legs that she was probably a runner. She had a petite frame and was probably only about 5'3" tall, with a hint of abdominal muscles as she walked. Her breasts were probably large C-cup or maybe small D-cup-sized that stood firmly on her chest. She definitely had implants which probably looked larger than they really were due to her small stature. Her doctor must have been Picasso because her breasts were a work of art. Magnificently done! When she walked, you could see they had a slight natural jiggle. Diane's nipples were proportionate to her breast size with nice dark areolas. Her pussy was shaved to a small landing strip, and you could see her smooth pussy lips from the front as she approached us.
Damian, again, unlike Charlie, was also in much better shape. He might have been of Lebanese descent or somewhere else in the Middle East maybe. He was dark-complected with dark hair, and his body was toned but not overly muscular. He appeared as though he took care of himself but was not the fitness enthusiast his wife appeared to be. His chest, arms and legs were heavily covered in dark hair, but he kept it trimmed short with clippers. Also, unlike Charlie, Damian was hung. He had a long, thick, uncircumcised cock that hung out and bent downward over his tight ball sack. His cock bounced on top of his balls as he walked and swayed from side to side ever so slightly with each step.
As the two couples approached, they waved and stopped to talk for a quick second, making small talk about the cabana and how they needed to get one. Then they said they were going to grab some chairs on the beach. I told them they should stop by after lunch and drink with us in our little cabana area. They all agreed and then went on their way.
"Wow, did you see his cock?" Jess asked.
"Well yeah, I'm sure everyone saw his cock. And you said there were no big cocks here! I saw you staring at it the whole time, drooling." I joked.
"I was not drooling! And I didn't stare. But I did check it out. I've never seen an uncircumcised one in real life before. I wonder what it looks like when he gets hard."
"I bet his foreskin pulls back, and it looks normal when fully hard. Maybe you should ask Dawn. She's pretty hot too. She has a really nice body. I'll bet she's a runner," I commented.
"Yeah, right. I'll just walk up and ask, 'hey, what does your husband's cock look like when it's hard?'. She is sexy, though. I like her breasts, too, how large they are. I need bigger boobs. I should get her doctor's name."
"Yours are perfect, and you're too young to go that big. Give your body time to fill out and see if you really want to do that. They're perfect now, so why mess with them?" I asked.
"Yeah, maybe. Did you see Damian checking me out? He wasn't trying to hide it one bit. He kept moving to get a better angle to see my pussy."
"Yeah, I noticed. You should try to flash him more of your pussy when they come back and see if he reacts. Maybe you'll get to see his foreskin pull back firsthand."
"Do you think guys get hard here? That would be fun to see."
"If you were to sit in a bit more alluring pose and let the guys walking by get a better view of that sweet pussy of yours, you might find out," I said.
"You mean like this," Jess spread her legs wide for the ocean to see. Nobody was looking or walking by when she did, so only the ocean was treated to the torrid view.
I laughed and replied, "Well, maybe not that obvious but maybe spread your legs some, let your lips and ring be seen better. That would be very hot," I said.
"I will. Before they came by, I was thinking the same thing and trying to figure out a way to sit naturally with my legs spread a little. I thought about asking you to look to see what you thought. I was getting excited thinking about it, but when they came up, I chickened out."
"Just pretend you are relaxing on the couch at home in a way that lets your legs spread some. Make it look relaxed and natural," I suggested.
Jess scooted back further up the pillows, so she was sitting more upright. Then she pulled her right foot up to just in front of her pussy and let her left leg fall open so it lay flat on the bed. Essentially, she was doing a half-butterfly stretch with just her right leg. She drew her left foot up a little closer to her ass, with the knee bent but upright, and at the same time shifted her right leg, still with that knee bent and casually laying on the bedspread to her right, so her right foot was on the bed under her upraised left knee. It was a good pose, looking like she was just casually sitting that way. Still, it provided a terrific view of her full pussy for anyone passing by. In this position, Jess looked so alluring but appeared innocently ignorant of the enticing view she was providing.
"You look so sexy like that. I am getting a chubby," I said.
"My tummy is tingling a little with excitement. It feels so nice to have the sun on my pussy sitting like this. I don't want my inner lips to get burned, but I don't want to put lotion on them, either. I'll just have to be careful not to let them get too much sun," she said resolutely. As she spoke, she spread her legs a little more, inspecting her pussy. She reached to lightly to touch her pussy lips, apparently trying to determine how much sun would get on her delicate inner lips.
"Oh god, if you keep talking about your pussy and playing with it at the same time, I am going to have to flip over to hide my hard-on," I told her.
"Why would you flip over? Who cares if you are hard, that's fun. Get some sun on it. Besides, I'm not playing with it. I'm just checking it," she informed me. As she spoke reached over with her other hand and lightly ran her fingers over my hardening cock.
"Oh, dear lord, stop that. I am not ready to share my hard-on with everyone here," I said.
As I pushed her hand away, I saw Charlie and Damian walking back up from the beach toward us. They stopped and asked if we wanted anything from the bar. As they approached, they both stood at the foot of our cabana bed. Charlie was in front of me, and Damian was standing directly in front of Jess with a straight-on, close-up view of her very exposed pussy. If he hadn't realized she had a piercing earlier, there was no doubt he knew now.
Looking at Jess and getting a nod of approval, I responded, "Yeah, that would be great!" We told them what we wanted to drink, and they went to the bar.
"Damian is totally entranced by you. He stood right in front of you, staring at your pussy. This time it was him drooling over you," I told her with a happy grin.
"I know. My mind was racing on what I should do. I was like, 'Do I open my legs wider and give him a better look? Or do I close my legs, cutting off his view?' I got butterflies and just sat there, not moving," she explained with a shrug of her shoulders.
"Did you want to open them wider, or did you want to close them more?" I asked.
"I don't know, but I liked the way he was looking directly at my pussy. I know we're all nude here, but it was like he was seeing a lot more than he should have been seeing, and that got me very turned on. I could feel myself getting wet," she said.
"Then spread your legs some more before he gets back. Let him see your whole pussy spread wide," I said.
"I don't want it to be weird. It's hard to lay naturally with your legs spread on a bed like this without it looking obvious that you're spreading your pussy wide for the whole world to look at," she said.
"Maybe roll over onto your stomach and spread your legs some. You can arch your back a little, and your whole pussy and asshole will be on display. It would look natural, like you're just relaxing and talking to me. You know how easy it is to see your pussy from behind. If I were him, that's what I would want to see, and as you can tell, the thought of it is turning me on," I said to her as I rolled to my side, trying to hide my now almost fully hard dick.
Jess has one of those pussies that is very easy to see from behind. Being thin and fit, she has a nice thigh gap, and when she lays on her stomach, her entire pussy can be seen from above or behind. If she arches her back just slightly, her puckered asshole can be seen too, and it makes her pussy even more exposed. I love how she looks from behind with her pussy exposed. I can spend hours stroking my cock just looking at her ass and pussy. Also, I love licking her from behind while she arches her back fully. This allows my tongue to easily slide through her pussy lips and up to her asshole.
"Yeah, that will work. I like that idea," she said and rolled over onto her stomach. Once she got in position a little, she spread her legs a decent amount -- wide, but not too obnoxious. This put her ass facing directly the ocean and, of course, the walkway too. She sat up on her elbows a little and leaned forward and kissed me, then bent her knees, putting her feet up in the air. She was laying like a young girl would lay on the floor while coloring. She was even wagging her feet in the air for a playful effect. All the while, she had her back slightly arched, presenting her ass and tight, sweet pussy to anyone who happened to walk by.
"How is this? Think this will work?" she asked.
"Oh god yeah, that is so hot I can't believe it. Your pussy and asshole have to be fully exposed like that," I told her.
"I know. I can feel the breeze on my lips. God, it feels so good! I am so horny right now."
"Don't look, but there's a couple about to pass by," I told her. Laying the way she was, Jess would have to turn her head, looking over her shoulder to see the walkway.
"Tell me if they look," she said as she leaned in to kiss me again.
It was an older couple, probably in their 60s, and both turned their heads to look as they passed by. They did not stare, but they both took a solid glance, and then I saw them look at each other and say something as they got farther away.
"Yeah, they both looked. They didn't stare, but they both took a good look. Here comes a guy by himself," I told her.
Jess laid her head and body flat, folding her hands under her cheek. This allowed the arch of her back to be slightly more pronounced, exposing her ass and pussy even more. As the guy got closer, he noticed Jess and slowed his pace by half. I pretended to be looking at Jess, but I was watching him from the side of my eye, and he was staring at Jess's pussy the entire time as he walked by. He did not take his eyes off her.
"He slowed down completely," I murmured to her. "He is staring right at your pussy. I wonder if he can see how wet you are. He is still staring... Okay, he went by."
"That was fun!" Jess exclaimed. "I was breathing so erratically that it felt like I couldn't catch my breath. Now I really need that drink!"
"Actually, Charlie and Damian are on their way back now. So stay just like you are. That's perfect. It looks like you're just relaxing and talking to me.
"I can't just lay like this the whole time. I have to take my drink from them. That would be weird," she said.
"Stay like that until they get here and get a good look. Then flip over. Quiet, they are almost here."
"Ok," she replied quietly, laying her head back down the way she had it before. Her back was still arched slightly, and her legs were spread a fair amount presenting her beautiful ass and pussy to them as they approached. If Damian stood where he had last time, he would be standing only about 5 feet from Jess's ass and pussy.
Watching them walk up, Damian and Charlie's eyes were drawn into the gap between Jess's legs and focused on her sweet asshole and pussy on full display. Damian once again approached the bottom of the bed directly in front of Jess, and I saw his eyes never leave Jess' pussy. Charlie stood in front of me, holding a tray with 3 drinks and 8 shots.
"We got shots too. If you don't want them, that's okay. We'll drink them," Charlie said
"That sounds good. I could go for a shot. How about you, babe?" I asked Jess.
Instead of just flipping over, Jess sat up on her elbows and then twisted and looked back at Charlie holding the tray. Doing this caused her to bend her right leg a little more, thus elevating her ass slightly more. Then she pulled her foot, which was already in the air all the way to her ass, out of the way, so she could see Charlie. While the movement looked innocent enough, she was in a partial kneel on her right leg with her ass and pussy that much higher and spread at Damian. She was only like this for a few seconds before she fully flipped over, but the view must have been erotic for Damian. Her pussy had to have been fully spread and utterly available to his stare.
Jess spoke and flipped all the way over, "Yeah, that sounds yummy. I'll take one." She got up on her knees and waddled over to take the shot from Charlie. Each of the men took a shot, and we all did the shot together. Then Jess sat back down on the bed but scooted up toward the pillows to sit 'crisscross applesauce' or lotus style. This kept her pussy on display, but the scene was not nearly as enticing as it was before.
I took our drinks from Charlie, and as I did, I noticed that Damian had moved closer and was now standing beside our bed. His cock and balls were at the perfect height, just slightly higher than the mattress, and we could see them easily from where we were sitting. His cock hung down, and I noticed he was beginning to get hard. In his more exciting state, the tip of his long cock was lightly touching the bed now. Jess noticed, too and after she took her drink, she took the straw in her hand and watched Damian's long half-hard cock while she took a sip. Damian never stopped looking at Jess, devouring her body with his eyes.
As Jess finished her sip, she said, "How are you guys handling the heat on the beach? I can barely stand it. We're going to have to pull the shade over the bed soon before I melt away." As she finished saying this, she stretched her right leg to a half-butterfly stretch position like she had before. This opened her pussy up again to Damian's prying eyes.
Charlie responded with something about being from Arizona and that it was the humidity that got him. Damian said he was used to the heat, and it did not bother him much. I jumped in and asked them some questions about where they were from. While I was talking, Jess accidentally (I confirmed later that it was actually an accident) dripped some of her frozen drink onto herself. It landed right on top of her smooth pubic mound, and it not only caught my eye but it caught both of the guy's attention too. Jess looked down at the small pile of frozen drink that rested on her pussy mound and said, "Oops." Then she took another sip of her drink. She didn't wipe it up. She just let it sit there and melt under the heat onto her pussy. Everyone was now openly staring at her pussy in awkward silence, watching as the icy drink started to melt.
I think the slight awkwardness of the moment was a bit much for Charlie, and he interrupted it by saying they should be getting back. He nudged Damian, pulling him from the entrancement of Jess' pussy, and they said goodbye and started to walk away. As Damian turned to leave, we got a side view of his half-hard cock. Instead of his long cock hanging out and down over his tight balls like it was earlier, it was now elongated and straight - not pointing straight out from his body, but close to it. His foreskin was pulled back just slightly as well, partially exposing his glans.
"Did you see his cock? You made him get hard," I said to her with excitement after they were gone.
"Hell yeah, I saw it. That thing is fucking long! I am so horny right now. We have to go back to the room and fuck," she said.
So seeing some big long cock get hard over showing off your sexy pussy got you all horny, did it?" I asked jokingly, knowing full well that seeing Damian respond to her teasing would get her revved up.
"I have been waiting almost two full days to see a big cock, so yes, it did! I liked seeing him start to get hard. It really turned me on. I need to cum now! Are you coming with me, or am I going to have to use the Big Guy all by myself?" she asked, referring to the large dildo we brought with us that we lovingly named the "Big Guy."
"I don't know, I might want to see you tease some more guys with your tight little pussy first before we go stretch it out," I said as my dick started to get hard again from our banter.
"If we stay out here any longer, it's going to be your hard dick everyone sees next!" she teased as she reached over, took my dick into her hand and started to stroke it.
"Ok, ok!" I said, pushing her hand away. "Let's go!"
We left our things where they were, fully intending to come back to our cabana once we worked our sexual tension out. I got up from the bed, and my dick was nearly full hard. I tried to hide it some as we started to walk, but Jess pushed my hands away and said, "It's your turn to show off."
"Yeah, right. I won't be getting anywhere near the reaction you got, that's for sure," I said while succumbing to her wishes to let my aroused state go uncovered.
I followed Jess with my dick almost fully hard, staring at her ass while she walked in front of me. Luckily for me, it was a very short walk through the pool to our suite. As we were approaching the exit to the pool area, Jess and I couldn't help but notice a guy that was a little older than me sitting on a lounge chair near the entrance. He was sitting with his legs spread wide around his lounge chair, displaying his thick cock, which rested on the towel that was covering the chair. He watched us walking toward him, and he stared at Jess with lust plainly in his eyes. It was almost as if he was displaying his cock to her with a look on his face that said, "Here you go, baby, look what I have for you." Jess noticed his stare, and she slowed, then took my hand, and we walked past him side by side... my dick still 3/4 hard wagging in the air as I walked by. Jess was letting him know, in her own way, that she was not the least bit interested.
We got back to our room, and she immediately dropped to the floor, taking my dick into her mouth. We spent the next hour frantically fucking, licking, sucking, and playing with the "Big Guy" and also her "buzzy" (vibrator for her clit) until Jess had orgasmed no less than 6 times, and she just couldn't take any more. We love to talk dirty in sex, getting into each other's minds, and this sex session was filled with dirty sex talk. But I am going to save those details for another story...