This is part 1 of a 2 part series so there will be a sequel in the not too distant future I hope!
-Gemmax3
**
The weather wasn't exactly unbearable. We were still in early June but in southern Spain that still meant we were touching 26 degrees celsius and with little shade coverage this side of the church, the sun beat down on my neck fiercely. The suit wasn't exactly helping either but funerals rarely came with alternate attire options.
Mum was composing herself well. A big problem with being an only child is that responsibility falls on you in these circumstances and arrangements had been difficult given we lived a few hours flight away. Some of my grandfather's siblings had been a big help and taken care of the initial onslaught of obligations while mum and I found a flight back to her homeland. She had been a wreck since she found out about her father's passing but she was back in control today, staying strong for me and everyone else who required it.
The loss of my abuelo had been tough to take. We knew he was ill but we were expected to have much longer with him still around. Sometimes life is a bitch and you don't get that, and the shock of the sudden turn in his health had knocked us all for six. He was an interesting man, a little mysterious at times and quite reclusive in his later years but I always made my way out here to see him at least once a year and he would always show me genuine love and he was always so keen to show me the city in which my mother had grown up.
My mum's from Seville, the capital of Andalucía in the south of Spain. It was clear this was still the home of her heart, even if she had spent more of her life in London. She moved over at 19 to study, met my dad and the rest is history. My grandfather had moved to Cádiz on the coast in recent years to relax and paint his life away and he had a place there that mum and I were staying in, but the funeral itself was happening in Seville where he would be buried with his parents.
Dad was here too, despite the impending divorce. I thought it was good of him to show up and support mum through this, especially given he had a conference to attend the following day that he had already given me the go ahead to miss. He would fly out later in the evening and try and catch some sleep on the flight before covering for me over the next day or two.
You would be forgiven for assuming I was a daddy's boy. I love my dad and he's a good man, but there were a few quirks in each of our personalities that never quite meshed. I still followed his career path, attending the same university and nepotism babying my way into his sports conditioning field. We worked alongside athletes around the globe ensuring perfection in training and muscle conditioning to extend peaks and avoid injury. I still had to do my masters before I could start making real money out of this, but it was already proving to be the right decision to just copy dad and coast on his success. Now don't get me wrong I am very good at my job but it's still been a lot easier for me than it would had been for others. Working alongside dad was enough for the both of us, and we rarely socialised outside of the office these days.
All of that leads me back to mum. I am a mummy's boy that much is for certain. I didn't have too much of a choice. She has doted on me since I can remember and provided me with all the love and warmth I could have asked for in a hundred lifetimes. I loved having a fiery Spaniard for a mother, especially when she defended me with her life after childish fights in school. She was incredibly passionate about her loves in life, which mostly consisted of reading, the cinema and me. She was a novelist too, achieving consistent success over the last decade. She also ensured I supported Spain in international football, meaning I'd had the fucking time of my life from 2008 to 2012 and annoyed all my classmates and friends and especially dad about it.
The service went by without a hitch. It was quite lovely with a few touching speeches from friends and family. A couple of them were in Spanish and I only know the basics but they sounded hilarious, and thankfully we were now on the other side of the church and protected from the sun as we said some final farewells.
Next up was a small gathering at one of my great aunt's, mostly so mum and I could catch up with more of the family. I was pretty close with a few of my cousins despite the distance so stuck around them while mum dealt with the brunt of the crowd. My Spanish cousins are olive skinned and all of them are gorgeous, guy and girl alike. I was almost jealous that they were full blooded while I got the half-blood paleness of dad thrown in. Maybe I would catch a tan during our stay here at least.
"Marisol." I heard my mum's name often, before the Spanish language took over and the rest of the conversation slipped on by. This time it was dad. "I'm going to head out. I need to be at the airport in the next hour or so."
The two of them were still friendly and that would soon work to my benefit. "Well thank you for coming. Can I ask a favour from you?" mum asked.
"Of course. What is it?" replied dad.
"Would it be okay if Samuel took some more time off work? I want him to stay with me here for at least a week while I sort some things out." Mum's accent seemed a little stronger than usual, and it was clear she was slipping back into her comfort zone. I had turned to face them now, but didn't want it to seem like I had asked mum to do this for me so I showed the surprise on my face that she was asking at all.
Dad looked my way and then back to his future ex-wife, before shrugging. "Sure. If it's going to help things run smoothly. Take your time and message me when you're heading back."
I could assure dad of that much at least. I even offered to do some work from my laptop if he sent any over, just to prove I wasn't relishing more time off during a busy period for the company. He left soon after and I made my way to mum, partly to thank her.
"You just bought me a few more days in the sun." I lightly teased. I knew there were more important things than a tan, but I knew mum would take it well.
"You won't like it when I have you cleaning out papa's garage. He was a bit of a hoarder." she teased right back.
I had the feeling I could manage a bit of a clear out until I remembered the heat. "Are you still thinking about selling up?" I asked her, but she didn't have an answer yet. On the flight over she had suggested that selling abuelo's new place in Cadiz would be worthwhile but I had tried to convince her that it would be a perfect second home for her. It was already paid off and it's not like her work requires her to be in London year round. In fact with the divorce pending I even questioned whether she could move back here permanently. Maybe she would be happier here and I would be glad to visit year round. It's not like I wanted her gone but there was less holding her in England than there used to be.
Mum would be driving us back to Cadiz later so she wasn't drinking and I only had a couple of bottles myself. I didn't want to get myself too worked up and end up finding a bar with my cousins and then end up annoying mum the next day when I was too hungover to help out with all the odd jobs that needed doing. She had already bagged me a longer break from work so the least I could do was help out when she required me.
All in all it was a good send off. I still felt for mum. She had lost both of her parents now after losing her own mother when she was a teenager. Abuelo never replaced his wife either. She sounded like a hell of a woman in her own right, and it was a shame I never got to know her. I caught mum staring at the solitary family photo of the three of them left on her aunt's mantelpiece a few times. I had a similar one in my wallet of me and my parents from a trip back here when I was young. Families break apart in different ways and even with my parents now split, I would always cherish that photo.
The drive home was quiet. I just felt as if mum was tired of talking and needed some time in her own head. I had promised some of the cousins I would be back up to Seville to hang out some more if we weren't too busy dealing with abuelo's estate. Towards the end of the ride mum reached over and put her hand on my knee. She gave it a squeeze, but never took her eyes off the road. "Thanks for all the help so far." she said, ever so gently.
"Don't mention it. There's nowhere else I would rather be." I replied honestly. I was sure she didn't doubt it.
"I want to talk to you when we get back. Take a shower and come and meet me out by the pool."
"Whatever you need." I reached my hand over and patted her thigh a couple of times, over the fabric of her black dress. I really wanted her to know I was here for her no matter what. We had always had a very open relationship when talking about our emotions even if those emotions were usually mine. But with the recent split and the sudden loss of her dad, mum needed to know I would do anything to provide the same for her.
"I need you to prepare yourself because I am going to tell you something nobody knows. It will change how you see me but I want you to know how much I love you and how important you are to me." She spoke candidly, but again her eyes never turned to face me even for a second.
"You can tell me now if you want to get it out of the way."
"No... no." she replied, and it felt as if she might cry. "We'll talk when we're back."
I agreed silently, and the rest of the drive was even quieter than it had been.
Abuelo had a stunning villa not far from La Caleta beach in the north. It was full of character and colour, full to the brim with his artwork and utensils and the bare canvases he had not yet put into use. There was a pool out back, with a shallow tanning ledge installed and a few deckchairs dotted about. It looked less lived in than the inside of his place so I assumed he barely used it.
I jumped in the shower before putting on some swimming trunks and a light coloured t-shirt. It was still evening time and the sun was out until late, so if we were going to be sat in the back then there was no need to put my pyjamas on just yet. Mum hadn't changed and I'm not convinced she had moved since we got back. She was staring into space when I arrived to greet her, before sitting on the deckchair beside her and lounging back. I had underestimated the time a little, and the light was starting to dim.
"How are you feeling?" I asked, before a tense silence. This really wasn't like her. I had tried not to overthink what she said earlier, as unusual as it was. She had told me she loved me and that would surely override anything else she could feasibly tell me. The idea that my view of her could change negatively was impossible.
"I'm okay, Sam." she finally uttered a response. "I don't want to mess you around so I'm going to be honest from the start, but I hope you'll hear me out and try and understand everything I am saying."
"Sure. I guess." I said. I wished I could offer more assurance but she was freaking me out a little bit.
"I had..." she started, but it seemed this wasn't scripted and she hesitated as she tried to find the words. "I want to tell you about me and my father. We had-" She stopped herself again and sighed heavily and I could see how heavy her chest felt when she tried to compose herself.
"You can tell me anything." I said, providing more assurance than I had the last time I spoke.
"We had an adult relationship." she said. It was a polite way to reveal it, but I instantly understood. I could see why she was hesitating to get it out, but at the same time I had no idea why she needed to tell me in the first place. I could have gone the rest of my life without knowing. She didn't owe it to me or anyone to reveal that. "It's difficult to explain but things changed when mamá died."
She seemed relieved to have it out, and I watched her eyes close for a moment as she looked up at the sky above us. It was an insane reveal. I guess she hid it well, but maybe that's easy when you live in different countries. I didn't think it made me look at her differently. I hope not anyway. I wasn't exactly someone who truly understood the depths of incest, but I had enjoyed the porn on occasion.
I didn't know what to say, but thankfully she spoke first. "I was in love with him. He was the first person I truly loved." Her voice had gotten a little louder and now with the big reveal out she was growing in confidence to speak about it and tell me the story of her and her father. "Before my mother died she told me to look after him because he wouldn't take it as well as he pretended he would. I don't think she expected me to do what I did. But I fell for him. Over many months of mourning we attached ourselves to each other in a way that I cannot explain."
I was quite mesmerized by each and every word. She was sinking deeper into the story and as weird and surprising as it still was, I wanted to hear it. "I have to take the blame. I fell for him first. I changed my behavior. I changed the way I dressed and behaved in front of him. Maybe he thought I was just becoming a woman and finding my sexuality and confidence but in reality it was all for him. I wanted to be with him. I wanted to replace my mother."
"He fought against it for a while when it became difficult to deny, but clearly he was feeling something similar to me." She turned to me. It was the first time she had looked at me since I sat down, but it was brief. She stared back into the distance as she continued on. "I think we fell in love long before anything happened between us. He was trying to be a good father and turn me away but I was very sexy so it was hard to say no." She laughed to herself and I didn't know whether to join in. She was a stunning lady even to this day, but pictures of her back then would stop anyone in their tracks. She was probably exaggerating and making light of the situation a little bit. Easing some tension. But she was surely right about it as well. It's a lot harder to say no to someone so captivatingly beautiful.
"There was this one night when we both felt sad so I told him we were going out. I put on this white dress. It was a maxi dress. It was his favourite one of my dresses. It was soft and thin and it was so warm even though it was so late so I wore nothing underneath it. We ended up running around the city all night, drinking in bars, singing at karaoke, eating any street food we could find and just living in the moment and feeling happy together. We danced in one of those water fountain light shows they had in the city centre. He would chase me around while we got soaked and I teased him about seeing my body through my dress when it was wet. I thought he was going to change the subject but he kissed me in public and we finally got to express our love for each other."
She seemed free now and nothing was holding her back. I was sat perfectly still, refusing to move or speak and knock her off her rhythm. I was completely fascinated and didn't want this to end.
"We both ran barefoot through the streets and the only time we stopped was to kiss. I didn't know what would happen after but it was incredible to experience my only desire. We were kissing against the entrance to a mechanic shop when the door pushed through and we realised it had been left open. I think dad knew the owner so he planned to close it properly but I was excited and I kept kissing him when we were inside. We had some privacy so I had to take advantage of it. I remember that room so well. There was a red Toyota with two of the doors removed and it smelled like oil and smoke and it wasn't the prettiest place to be intimate but it was a lot close than home was. I sat him down on a chair in the corner and sat on his lap so we could kiss more. I could feel how much he wanted me and I can still see the look on his face when I told him I was going to give him a blowjob."
My eyes must have been bulging out of my head at that point. I never expected any of this to come out but even after finding the reveal fascinating in some ways I certainly didn't expect the detail. I tilted my neck ever so slightly to watch her. She seemed lost in the moment, reliving one of the most incredible moments of her life. She was probably telling me so much more than she planned but it was thrilling and I was hooked.
"I was quite inexperienced but there's a difference between giving a good blowjob and making love to a cock. I used my mouth on him and I made love to his cock. It was the most unbelievable feeling when I looked up and our eyes met each other for the first time. I knew he felt the same way as me and the feeling of making him cum for the first time was the most beautiful and powerful I have ever felt. My dress got so dirty on the floor of that place. There were oil stains that soaked through to my knees. It was the best night of my life and maybe it was the best night we ever shared."
For a short while it was quiet. Maybe she had run out of things to say or she was beginning to regret sinking so deep into her experiences with her dad. She didn't seem tense though so it was only really me. I was probably just nervous that her story had turned me on and I was now tasked with pretending it happened and trying to assure her nothing needed to change and I wasn't going to change how I looked at her.
"We weren't together for very long." she said. It might have been a full two minutes since anything was said but she was back for a bit more. "Papá was quite strict about how our relationship was allowed to continue. He carried more guilt that me because he was the parent. I often felt that he was less guilty about being intimate with his daughter and more guilty about being disloyal to his wife, even if she was gone. I was also in it forever at the time. I wanted to be his next wife and love him to the end and he couldn't accept that. So we ended it and I moved away and we saw each other less and less. We were still close but there has to be a distance after something like that."
"I understand you may have a lot of questions and maybe I will have more I forgot to tell you but that is the truth and I wanted to be honest with you because you deserve to know." That sounded like her wrapping up the story to me so for the first time in a while I needed to show some initiative and find words of my own.
"I don't know exactly what to say but my first thought is just making sure you know this changes nothing for me. You are my mum and I love you. I wouldn't ever think badly of you for being in love. I don't think you needed to tell me at all though."
"You needed to know Sam. It's only fair you know everything." she told me and it briefly made me ponder a scary question.
"Wait." I said suddenly. "Can I ask you something? Is abuelo my father?"
Mum shook her head, turning to me and stifling what seemed like a laugh. "No, don't you worry about that. This is impossible for a lot of reasons, not least of all because we never had sex. But our relationship was short and we were only intimate when I was 18. Then I left to study in London and met your father and you were born when I was 22."
It was a silly question I suppose given she said it was brief and I was only 22, but it was the main reason I could think of as to why she needed me to know about something that happened over 25 years ago. I was surprised to learn they never had sex as well, but I didn't feel like I needed to know why at that point. Nor was I brave enough to ask.
"I still loved your father and we had a good life together until the last few years. I don't want you to think I have spent my life wishing my father had let me love him forever. I don't regret it ending at all because then I wouldn't have you. You were the only thing that could have made me happier and every day since you have made my life perfect." she assured me. I hadn't actually thought about that yet but it surely would have crossed my mind at some point. It was nice to know I was a valid replacement at least.
"I'm a good second place prize." I said, trying to joke. I didn't want this reveal to change too much for mum, even if I may never be able to shake the idea of her in a wet white dress making love to her dad's cock. "I can live with that."
She chuckled softly. She was tracing the palm of her left hand with the nails of her right. "This is why it is so difficult and why I needed to tell you the truth."
"Why?" I asked, young and dumb I suppose.
"Because if my father was the first person I truly loved then the second person is you. You are the only person I have ever loved like I loved him. And now I feel guilty like he did and I understand everything he told me."
The penny had dropped, and my stomach followed it. I didn't know if she was asking me for something similar to the relationship she had with her dad, but she was at least thinking about it and she wanted to be honest with me about that. "What are you saying?" I asked, still dumb. I didn't have the bottle to offer much more than that.
"It's very weird for me to have come back to this. I never expected it. It would be very sick to raise a child to one day love them like this and I never did. I loved you like my son. Like I was supposed to love you. But when things got hard for me and your father you stepped up and I saw you become a man and it reminded me of what happened between my father and I back in the late nineties. It was so long ago and the circumstances were different but my heart started to swell in the same way."
I couldn't quite believe it. I was still like a statue with goosebumps running up and down my forearms. My heart was thumping and my mouth was dry. The sun had gone behind the top of the villa and it was a little cooler and darker as she continued her second declaration of love. The first about her father was surprising. The second about me was somehow inconceivable.
"A couple of years ago I told my dad how I felt about you. He understood but he warned me off it. Not because I couldn't handle it or even you couldn't handle it but because of what it did to us. We still loved each other but our lives were very different after our relationship. We had to go our separate ways to fall out of love and we could never really go back to what we had before. In some ways I lost a dad and he lost a daughter and I couldn't continue helping him heal from losing mum so he never truly recovered."
It hurt me that she felt she failed her dad when it was clear she had given him every piece of her heart to try and heal him. Not to mention what sounded like an earth shattering blowjob, and whatever came afterwards. "I think I get what you're saying." I replied, but it was still not enough.
"He made a lot of sense. Our affair had a massive impact on the relationship we had and he didn't want that for us. So I took a step back and lived with the feelings. The one thing me and my dad had that really brought us together for was grief. After he passed away I felt the same grief and it reminded me of my feelings towards you. I still feel the guilt he once felt but I had to make a decision and I decided to tell you. And I wouldn't have told you if I didn't think we-" she hesitated for the first time in a while. She had been so sure of herself, until the moment she finally laid it all out for me. "I wouldn't have told you to lead you on. I know what I'm asking for. You need to decide if you are capable of feeling the same way but there's no rush and I don't expect an answer. If you say no I will still be your mother, if you can look over what has happened tonight."
She pushed herself up off the deckchair. Despite the temperature dropping I realised I had become glued to my own through sheer stress sweating. Her knees clicked as she got to her feet after a while sat still talking her heart out. "We can talk about this whenever you want. If you have questions, ask them. But for now I am going to relax for a while. It's been a long few days."
With that she left me behind to peel myself from my chair. I stood only for a moment, my knees a little like jelly, before sitting myself back down. I was completely stunned by the conversation I had just had. It may not have been difficult for mum to hide her past relationship with her dad, but she did an incredible job hiding her feelings for me from me. I never saw a single change in her behaviour or anything. Abuelo had clearly set her straight. Don't risk what you already have on a brief affair that can't last forever and might lead me to building a life for myself elsewhere, away from the desires and regret and guilt. Even if that affair sounded incredible.
I can't fathom the feeling of incest. Wanting it and acting on it. The taboo and the terror of doing what you shouldn't do with the person you really shouldn't do it with. But I understood it when mum explained it. She told me it from the start with a blunt honesty that I couldn't ignore. And she made it sound so incredibly erotic. Whether that was to convince me to give it as go myself or because she got lost in the moment, I was absorbed from the first detail to the last. I could have sat there all night and listened to her go into even more detail. It was completely insane but so tantalizing. How had I gone from a funeral of my grandfather to hearing about how my mother made love to his cock for the first time? I wanted so much more. She was right. I had a mountain of questions.
I thought back to a comment she had made earlier on about how her dad tried to turn her down but she was too sexy to say no to. Whether that was a joke or not, it was a question I could ask myself right now. I know a gorgeous lady when I see one and my mother is one of them. A guy in school once said she looked like Salma Hayek before less politely talking about the size of her breasts. He was right about both to give him some credit. I never would have given it a second thought before. I suppose I would have just said she was conventionally attractive but the reality is she is absolutely stunning, with an hourglass figure and an olive skin tone. If you're going to commit a cardinal sin, it may as well be with someone of breathtaking beauty.
The reality of the situation was that my abuelo had made a good point when he turned my mother away from me. She was chasing something she once had that had limited the relationship she had with her dad for the rest of his life, and it could do the same to us. But I also trusted my mother's judgement and she waited years before telling me. If she thought we could make this work better than she had before and she loved me so as deeply as she claimed, would I be stupid for not taking a leap of faith with her?
The questions were overwhelming and my brain was a little fried and at some point I must have drifted off in my deckchair. When I woke back up it was much darker out. I took off my shirt and jumped into the pool to wake myself up, swimming a few laps back and forth in the cool evening breeze.
I felt a little refreshed after the nap and swim, and my mind and heart still raced with the possibilities. I guessed she had bought me extra time out here so I had longer to think about her proposal and though I didn't have a clear answer just yet, I wasn't ready for the night to be over. I'd been a bit of a dope during her reveal, asking silly questions on the rare occasions I actually said anything at all. I needed some time to collect myself and maybe it was rushed but I found myself approaching the master bedroom. It had been abuelo's but she was using it now. I knocked a couple a times and waited.
Mum answered in her pyjamas, a matching black pair of blouse and shorts. She had taken off her make up but still looked so beautiful. I was still wet from the pool, drops falling off the bottom off my shorts onto the floor. I didn't think she expected to see me again that night, and her mouth fell slightly open as she searched for a greeting.
"Get dressed." I said, not giving her the chance to lead the conversation this time. "Put something on. We're going out."
I hadn't even checked the time since I woke from my slumber but it was summer and there would be tourists around so there would be some places open. She nodded and I gave her a smile before retreating to the guest room I had made my own. I dropped the wet trunks and dried myself off, before stepping into a pair of black polyester running shorts and a light linen buttoned shirt. I couldn't tell if I was trying to look good for her. The clothes were basic holiday attire but should I mess with my hair which was now damp anyway? I didn't want to overthink so left it, but I did brush my teeth.
I waited in the back for mum and she took a good ten minutes more than me but I had to give her some leeway because she was probably about to jump in bed before I surprised her. I jumped up when she arrived. She looked beautiful again, and after hearing the story of her first night with her dad, I couldn't help but notice the white dress. It was shorter than the one she described earlier, running down to her knees but it looked thin and comfortable and perfect for the evening humidity. She was clearly wearing a bra as well, so she wasn't quite recreating their first night together. "Where are we going?" she asked me, forcing me to take my eyes off her for a moment.
"We're going to explore. Wear comfortable shoes." I told her, and she smiled warmly before finding some sandals and avoiding the dreaded heels. She was clutching her bag in two hands and I could tell she was a little bit nervous but as we made our way out onto the streets of Cadiz to scout the local area she loosened up and we enjoyed a few minutes of talking about just any old thing that caught our attention, like the street cats or the giant ficus trees near the beach.
"I was about to go to bed." Mum said as we walked a little deeper into the city, confirming an earlier thought of mine.
"I thought you might have been but I really wanted to get out and just hang out I suppose." I told her.
"And just explore?" she asked.
"We could get food. We can have a walk down the beach. This city could be your home one day, you should get to know it." I posed the idea again.
"Are you pushing me away already? Did what I said scare you so much?" she said and I quickly turned to try and dispel that idea, but she was smirking at me.
"Very funny." I joined her in a laugh. "I'm sorry I was a bit of a zombie when you were telling me everything. It was a lot to take in and I needed a bit of time before I could talk about it like a normal person."
"You were a perfect listener." she said. She stopped outside one place and grabbed my attention. "Let's get a drink and some tapas and we can talk."
We found a nice table out back with some privacy. Mum ordered a glass of wine and I got myself a cerveza. One of the most important Spanish words I ever learned. We eventually filled the table with olives, patatas bravas, various skewers, jamon, galician peppers and so much more. We snacked away happily and we talked.
She was stuffing her mouth when she saw me staring, before challenging me to say my piece. "Come on then. You have questions."
"I have a lot of questions but I haven't exactly written them down. Bear with me." I said, suddenly feeling a bit of pressure to continue the spell of confidence that made me knock on her bedroom door in the first place. Then I remembered how comfortable she had been with me sharing the intimate details of her relationship and I just went for it. "Why did you never have sex?"
"If we made it home that first night we would have had sex. That I truly believe. But we didn't and after the blowjob I think he got that feeling that guys gets. I can't remember what you call it."
"Post nut clarity?" I asked, and she nodded in agreement.
"Exactly. It sounds stupid but it's a real thing. We were still in a good place after the blowjob and we still felt loved up walking home and believe me I still wanted to have sex but we were tired and we just fell asleep in bed together and when we woke up I think he was still guilty." she explained. I wasn't exactly surprised. She had been so honest with me already so it was hardly a shock that she was running with my question and giving me her honest answer. She took a sip of her drink before continuing. "If we made it home and had sex first I am sure it still would have ended but he wouldn't have been scared of it. But he ended up setting strict boundaries and he let me have my fun with him but he wasn't able to give me any more than that. I don't regret anything like I said because it led me to your dad which gave me you."
"So what exactly did you do?"
"Blowjobs." she answered. "27 of them."
"You remember the exact number?" I asked, a little surprised by the accuracy of it.
"I remember every second of every single one of them. I gave him 27 blowjobs over a few months and then he brought our relationship to an end. We knew we were in love with each other but one time I just explained it a little too strongly. I told him I wanted to be his wife and be with him forever and it must have scared him. He didn't want to stop me from having my own family and everything else he couldn't provide. He was still in mourning and I pushed it too far. I always thought he was close to sex with me and if I didn't reveal my love for him so frankly he might have given me it, but I will say it again and again. No regrets."
"27 blowjobs. That's crazy. I don't even know how to follow that." I said. "He never gave you anything back?" I never expected to follow with that, but it was seemingly a uniquely beneficial relationship for him.
"He never really laid a hand on me, except when we kissed. I was so much more obsessed with him and so much more in love that he just let me have my way with him. He had all the guilt and I had none of it so it was easy for me to just pleasure him. I wanted nothing more than to make him happy." She had been talking for a while so took a break, diving into a meat skewer and chewing on it hungrily. I doubt she had eaten much at the funeral. "He wasn't being selfish. He was just scared about crossing the next line."
My head was swimming with ideas of what I could ask, and I couldn't help but compare what she had with him to what she was proposing with me. "So is that the type of relationship we would have? 27 blowjobs and then we call it quits?"
She scrunched up her face. I don't think she expected the specific number to be so relevant but it was so intriguing to me that she remembered each one. "I think we should do something similar yes. I never thought about the finer details really but I think having rules is a good thing because it means we have a limit that we can hit and when we do we have to move on. The big challenge is trying to move on in a different way to me and papá so we don't lose what we already have but we are able to accept that the physical side of our relationship is over. I am the parent now and I feel the guilt that he used to feel and I know I can't stop you from living your life, and you may never feel the way about me that I did about him and I feel about you now."
"What if I did feel that way?" I asked, genuinely curious.
"I just think it's better to follow the rules." she said. Even now all these years later her dad's rules of incest engagement were still so important to her. It was quite fascinating really seeing how she processed her attraction to me and how she could already set us a deadline for a relationship I hadn't yet agreed to take part in. "So my offer is 27 blowjobs. You still have time to think. They don't have to start any time soon because I know my love for you is going nowhere."
She was so brutally honest and it was almost scary, but I was completely intoxicated by her energy. The 18 year old girl who took her dad was now 45 and quite easily winning her son over too. I couldn't imagine a world in which I turned down 27 blowjobs from a woman like her.
"It kind of feels like abuelo blue balled me when you first told him about me. You're telling me I could have got my 27 blowjobs a couple of years ago?" I tried a joke, and thankfully she laughed. Fuck, I was hooked on her. I was understanding it more each passing second.
"He was right at the time but I saw you grow up more and I also trust myself to be able to say goodbye to one side of our relationship but still be a big part of your life. I made him an abuelo and I want you to have a family and make me an abuela. But in my mind we could have fun first." she said. She then asked about ordering more wine but I preferred to get the bill and head back into the city, so we did that.
It was a like first date, but that date was with someone who had already told you they would make you cum at the end of it if you wanted. The selfish part of could have rushed back home, but I wanted to explore this feeling and the new side of my mum so badly. I think part of me already knew that I brought her out tonight to try and relive that night she had with her dad. I could have just agreed and got my dick sucked in the villa but why not live a little, explore the city and learn about her and kiss her and then watch as she made love to my cock on her father's bed?
Outside the tapas bar we were quickly persuaded to jump on the back of a rickshaw bike, and the local guide took us on a tour up and down the coast while the wind ran through our hair. When the ride got bumpy mum would put her hand on my thigh to steady herself and at other times she would lean her head against my shoulder. Part of me wanted to kiss her for the first time during that ride, but I didn't decide in time before it was over.
"Let's take a walk on the beach." she suggested and so we did. We had been left a little way down the strip from the turn off to abuelo's villa so we had a bit of time to walk and chat. We each took off our shoes and walked bare foot in the golden sand. I loved the coast, especially having been raised in London. Whenever we were able to visit family and go to the beach I loved it. The sand was cool now though with the sun having been down for more than a few hours but the beach was quiet as it was early morning with only a few people dotted around.
Every so often we would get talking about something from the real world. The monotony of real life. It all seemed so boring right now my mum had announced her desire to suck my dick but it was also important to know we could still be normal when required. She asked about work and if it would be a problem that I was gone for an extended period and I told her they would manage. Then she promised to ask for more time which ended up making the discussion worthwhile. But before too long I had more questions I needed to ask.
"Did you ever think about telling dad?" I asked her out of the blue. Occasionally I would walk a couple of steps ahead of her and need to slow down. Mum's only about 5 foot 2 and I didn't want to tire her out by forcing her to keep up.
"No, never." she told me. "It was a secret between me and my father and now you because you are the two people who I had these feelings for. No one else needs to know."
"Fair enough." I said. I suppose it was a bit weird to think mum was in love with me in a way she had never loved my dad when I had really done nothing to earn it. "Okay, how about this... did you ever plan to seduce me? Because when you told me about coming onto abuelo you said your behaviour changed and you dressed differently, so when you knew you had feeling for me, did you think about going through that process all over again?"
"No." she said very straightforwardly. "I'm too old for that now. With papá I was young and inexperienced and excited so I just let my mind run wild with my fantasies. I knew I could feign innocence if it didn't work out as well. I'm still the same girl deep down and I can be sexy and have fun but the idea of acting out in front of you didn't seem right. I thought it was a much better idea to just be honest with you and let you decide for yourself. Then you can see the other side of me."
I appreciated her answer, but the end was such a tease. The spirit of her 18 year old self was still there, just in a more experienced and curvaceous body. "When you said he felt guilty after the first blowjob and started to set rules, what did you do to convince him to accept the second blowjob?"
"That part wasn't too hard. He was still attracted to me and his desires were there, he just started to set up barriers that would slow us down and eventually get in the way altogether. He still wanted the second and he wanted the tenth and twentieth and the twenty seventh but the longer it went on the more the guilt added up and he had to put a stop to it. We always had fun once he relaxed and let me work my magic."
"What did you actually do though?" I asked, pushing harder. I was pretty certain I could listen to how all 27 happened and love every bit of detail she could provide me with.
"I just cuddled up with him while we watched a film. It took a couple of hours of holding onto him and squirming against his body but eventually we were kissing and then I was on my knees." she told me, as simply as she had earlier in the night. "Do you find this sexy?" she asked soon after.
"It's something." I said with a chuckle. "I think you are pretty incredible. Doing this once is one thing but going for it again is next level." She reached over and took my hand and we walked hand in hand for a while. The questions hadn't dried up but I wasn't rushing to get them out now. "I just never knew this side of you."
"You'll get to know her more." she said, before pulling on my arm. "Let's get our feet wet."
She dragged me in the direction of the water, stopping at what I first thought was a pier but turned out to be an archeology building in the middle of La Caleta beach. We dropped our shoes and mum's bag off by one of the legs of the crescent shaped structure, before heading into the shallows. The water was cold when it hit my feet and even colder when mum moved deeper and splashed some my way. I kicked some back at her and she ran a little deeper, the water coming up the top of her calves, a wave occasionally soaking the very bottom of her dress.
She was facing away from me looking off into the distance of the ocean, the stars in the sky glimmering down on the water for miles ahead of us. I could have watched her frolic here all night but I would much prefer to kiss her. So I did. I approached through the shallows and put a hand on her back and she turned to face me. And then I kissed her, leaning in and taking her face in my hands. I found my beautiful mother's lips and shivered at the smack of our first kiss. Our heads tilted back and forth in a fast and electric first dance and I kept my eyes closed and sank into the new and exciting energy she had awoken in me that evening.
Her hands went to my back and I could feel her nails through my shirt. I thought to something she had said not too long ago, about how her dad never really laid his hands on her. There was an important distinction though. Except when they kissed. If this was my one chance I was going to take it, so I lowered my hands to her waist and then her hips. The fabric of her dress was so thin but it was still in the way, but I enjoyed the feeling of my hands roaming her as her tongue darted into my mouth. When I risked it further and moved my hands to her arse she moaned hungrily into our kiss and broke it just as suddenly as it had begun. I didn't let go of her. I couldn't.
"Let's go home." she said, slipping from my grasp. I had to make the most of the 27 kisses we would have before blowjobs. It might be the only time I get to explore that body of hers. I saved that thought for another time and followed her out of the water. It was going to be a desperate rush home. We returned to our belongings but I hadn't even started putting my shoes on when mum pushed me against one of the stilted legs of the building and pressed her body into mine. "Thank you for trusting me." she said. It was heartfelt. She had more than proven how important this was to her. Then she pressed the palm of her hand against my crotch, squeezing my growing cock in her hands. Heartfelt and so fucking hot. "I can't wait. I'm going to suck you here."
"Holy shit." I said, unable to process little more than the public blowjob my mum was about to give me. I looked side to side to see if anyone was around, and it wasn't as if the beach was empty but it wasn't close to busy either. There looked to be a couple of people about 100 metres away taking a nap on some towels. I could see a few others dotted around as well, and at least one person in the water further down the beach. "Are you sure?" I asked. Her answer was to fall to her knees.
I can't imagine how my face looked staring down at her. Probably the same dumb expression as when she revealed all to me on those deckchairs hours earlier. Even dumber than that actually. On the other hand she looked incredible. We were covered ever so slightly from the moonlight by the building above us but her eyes still gleamed up at me. There was an intensity on her face that I had never seen before and my shorts didn't last much longer around my waist. She pulled them down and my mostly hard dick sprung out and bounced around for a moment before settling in place a few inches from her lips. Her nails tickled my thighs and I couldn't help but look both directions down the coast again as the reality sunk in of what we were about to do.
"I love you so much." she said. Her accent seemed even sexier when she was on her knees for me.
I was going to reply and offer the same assurance, but she didn't need it. She leaned forward ever so slightly and took the head of my cock in her mouth. My head fell back against the stanchion and for a short while I just stared ahead, lost in the moment and the incredible feeling of her lips sucking gently on my cockhead.
This night had completely blown my mind, from that moment in the car when she told me she had to tell me something important right through to the moment she engulfed with all the lust and love that I could desire. I was the luckiest guy in the world and I wasn't going to waste another second of this staring at the waves in front of me. I moved my eyes down as she slipped off my dick and began to softly jerk me off, before spitting on the top of my shaft and spreading it around. She took me in again, bobbing slowly back and forth over the first few inches of my length. Her tongue flapped mercilessly inside her mouth and the sensitive head throbbed at every touch, sending shockwaves through my body.
She hadn't looked up at me just yet so I tried to take in the sight beneath me. Her long dark hair which ran down the sides of her face, contrasting with the white of her dress which contrasted back against her tan skin. If I looked further I could see her knees pressed into the sand, and the hem of her dress riding slightly up her thigh as she sat back on her heels. She was soaking my cock, slathering it with her spit as she sucked up and down inch after inch with a skill I had never experienced before.
Then she did look up at me, and my heart began to race even faster. There wasn't a semblance of fear on her face. No nerves or regret. Her eyes were like fire, yet so dark and gorgeous. I could hear the smacking wet sound of her mouth sucking me even over the rolling waves of the ocean. She smiled as she slipped off my cock again, pouting her lips and placing gentle kisses over the head. "Do you like it?" she said, continuing with kiss after kiss as I answered.
"I love it." I said, completely captivated by her.
"I love you." she replied, before licking down the underside of my shaft and reaching my balls. She licked them delicately, before taking one in her mouth. She sucked on it for a moment before pressing the lower half of her face into my balls and moaning into the action. "I love you so much." she said, sounding as cock drunk as she did genuine.
"I love you too." I said, finally.
"You don't understand." she said, her big eyes looking almost as if tears were welling in them as she flicked her tongue against the head again. Each one sent a jolt through me, my sensitive head swelling more by the second.
Maybe she was right. I didn't really understand just yet. She had experienced this before. She had been in love with her dad and now she was in love with me. She had sucked on her father's cock for the first time and now she was sucking on mine for the first time. She had loved and lost this once before and now all these years later it was back and I just didn't get that yet. I couldn't fall in love within one night could I? But the one thing I knew above all else was that if she thought I wouldn't fall in love with her after 27 experiences like this, she was crazy.
She reached up to grab my balls, wrapping both hands around them and massaging them tightly, using her grip over them to guide my shaft back into her mouth. She sucked deeper than before, never breaking eye contact with me and enveloping every inch of my cock until it disappeared into her throat. She bounced back and forth greedily, pushing me closer to my edge.
A whistle knocked us both off track and my eyes finally left her to dart to my left and the couple who had looked asleep earlier were now well awake. The guy was leaning up on his elbow and had gotten our attention and his girl was screaming something at the top of her lungs in Spanish as she waved her hands in the air. They looked closer to my age than mums. "¡Si perra!" was how she finished her sentence, which was probably good. Mum popped off my cock and laughed, putting her hand to her chest and leaning in to my leg, momentarily shy.
"Oh my God." she said, but the couple were far enough away that it didn't matter all that much. They could be right next to us and wouldn't guess that we were parent and offspring, but it was exhilarating to be caught receiving an incestuous blowjob by a stranger. Mum reached up to take my cock back in her hand when she regained her composure and the couple sank back into their towels, respecting our need for privacy. She jerked me off for only a few seconds before laughing again and pressing her lips back on my frenulum, lapping her tongue over it again and again as she pushed my foreskin down over the head of my dick. "I can't believe that." she said as she reestablished eye contact with me.
I loved it for a lot of reasons, as much as it made my heart race until I realised they were supportive. The main reason was that I was close to cumming and the delay had given me a little longer in my mother's warm mouth, and her heightened heart rate made her drink me in all the more desperately as she took me back to the breaking point. Her head bobbed and her lips swirled down my dick and she jerked my shaft and squeezed my balls and the more noise she got out of me the closer she knew I was.
By the end my teeth were grinding together and my legs twitching as I released a labored grunt and blew my load in her mouth. She didn't need a warning because she already knew she had me. I came hard, filling my mother's mouth with more than a few ropes of cum from the most incredible orgasm of my life. She didn't release me from her grasp instantly, instead slowing down and tightening her lips to suck on the throbbing and sensitive head before leaving kisses and licks all over after freeing me from her mouth. "Are they still watching?" she asked me, mouth clearly empty now after she swallowed every drop of my cum.
I looked over and found the lady had straddled her partner. Her pants were on but it was clear we had an impact on them. "I think they're having some fun of their own." I replied, and mum finally released my satisfied dick from her grasp.
"One down." she said, an incredible reminder that our fling wasn't over just yet.
"Twenty six to go." I mumbled back, trying to get my shorts back up my legs and over my tender cock.
She stood up and dusted sand off her knees, before leaning in to press herself against me. It was at least half a hug, so I wrapped my arms around her upper back and held on to her. "I really mean it Sam. Thank you for trusting me. I know today has been crazy."
The day started with a funeral and ended with a blowjob from my mother. She couldn't have been more right about how crazy it had been, but my heart and brain were working together on that decision and neither of them regretted it now with the post nut clarity she mentioned earlier. I was even more certain of my attraction to her. "I trust you and I love you." I said, and there was no doubt in my tone. We picked up our shoes and walked a little further down the beach, taking slow steps to extend the night a short while longer.
I didn't think it was awkward, but it was quiet for a while. It was a lot to take in. My mind was still racing and I knew it would be hard to sleep once we got back. "I told you it's impossible to say no to someone so sexy." she eventually said, lightening the mood. She took my hand and held tightly as we reached the edge of the beach and cleaned our feet before putting our shoes back on.
"I suppose you're right about that." I said. "I knew what I was doing when I knocked on your door but when you came out in that little white dress there were no more doubts in my mind." It was the truth, though the more honest truth was how much it stung that I would never get to peel that dress off of her. I needed and wanted more.
As we walked back through the streets of Cadiz towards my abuelo's villa I settled my thoughts. I would fall in love with her at some point during these next 26 blowjobs and in that time I had to convince her I could handle so much more. I wanted to fuck her. I needed to fuck her. And after a lifetime of waiting, she deserved to be fucked by the man she loved most.